He had at present a sole advantage, and that a fleeting one: Whatever he did in the flat for the next while was his alone. Without wifi, without a phone, with no access therefore to the news, he could only guess at how long that while might be.
“Yeah,” John says, “thanks, I’d appreciate that” — hearing his own voice muffled in his ears, himself flung as if in a fast current.
“Gray eyes, sharp cheekbones, fucking me for money so from one of the less economically powerful EU states. I thought you were trying to impress me.”
She stood looking down at the album for some time before she spoke. “It looks like nothing much, doesn’t it?” she said at last. “You could lay it out in your sitting room and let your guests leaf through. The leather’s good, too; I learned how to judge such things from the lady I was in service with. — I see you broke the lock. Or did Mr. Holmes do that?”
At her shocked glance, he stretches out his lips, approximating a smile or just showing his teeth in case she should choose to say something he doesn’t want to hear. He isn’t sure which, but in any case she claps her mouth shut, which suits John fine.
The meeting had not devolved into a shouting match, or at least not yet; there was that much to be said, although the Assistant Undersecretary for Operational Effectiveness had, over the past half hour, acquired quite a remarkable stabbing pain in his temples. “The most likely significance of all this evidence — ” he began, but was cut off by the Foreign Secretary, who could not seem to keep it in his head that the Assistant Undersecretary was only fictively his junior:
“As for you: you like her well enough, but as you might like any other household convenience, and you like novelty; you’re tiring of her presence in your bed, otherwise you might not have dismissed her so readily to talk to a complete stranger who, after all, is trying to sell you something, and salesmen are such a bore. But I recommend that when you dismiss her as your arm candy you make it your business to find her a permanent post. Foresight, realism, an eye for the significant detail: she’ll do well almost anywhere. She may even be grateful to you, in which case you’ll find yourself in the unusual position of having succeeded in buying someone’s loyalty. Congratulations.”
Bold words! What was more extraordinary, Miss Winter had delivered them in the accents of the lady she made herself out to be. She sounded not a whit like the rough creature we had met three years before.
He was never going to get away, and the best he could hope for was that when Jim was done with him the end would come with him kneeling somewhere anonymous with his hands tied behind his back, and a bullet to the brain: perhaps Jim had that much sentiment.
So, then. It was for Sherlock’s own good, what John did. Everything up to that moment. Then the beast roared out.
Two men, one for feet, the other for shoulders. How had he not noticed them? They must have been standing well back, he told himself, his perceptions were certainly
Nothing had happened that he couldn’t return from; he hadn’t done anything that he couldn’t return from.
“Fucking hell,” John whispers, wide awake now, and gets on the intercom for a nurse to stitch the cut.
He lay on a narrow cot in a tent where the air stank of wounds that had gone foul, and of shit. He was one of about — depending on how many had died overnight, and how many more had arrived — two dozen. Some of them never stirred. Some of them twisted this way and that, clutching at the rough sheets that covered them. Women went among the cots offering all the comfort available: cool cloths, and laudanum. Swish, swish was the sound of the women’s dresses, but you could scarcely hear it amid the stertorous breathing and the gasps of men trying to conceal their pain, amid the gasps and sobs of men who were past such false dignity and only hoped to live, or not to.
Ultimately, Ms. Smithson needed four visits before Sherlock was able to rid her of Vengeful Dead Ex. At the second, he gave her a vial of rock salt and instructed her to hang it, along with the amethyst, around her neck: this protected her from Dead Ex’s close approach, and the ring of salt poured around her bed enabled her to sleep in safety. At her third appointment, though she still watched the door anxiously, the hollows under her eyes had gone: she was sleeping well and eager to hand over her five hundred quid. Sherlock discussed with her the contents of half a dozen esoteric texts with titles such as
John clears his throat, shakes his head, clears his throat again, finally manages to speak: “We both knew you didn’t kill Mary. Even I knew it, even when I wouldn’t see you or talk to you, I knew it. So why did you say that to Smith, that I had the right? I didn’t have the right. Not any more than my father had the right.”
The kidnapper/crime boss — this must be he — wore the Westwood suit that he could not (yet?) afford to keep his minions in — or, no; Sherlock revised the thought: he would always want to outshine his underlings. He sounded, as he had during the kidnapping, like an overenthusiastic florist, and his guards were terrified of him. Sherlock was, he had to acknowledge, somewhat alarmed by this fact, because what sort of a man was it who terrified hard men? — but also intrigued. He mustered his upbringing around himself and said, “To what do I owe our acquaintance?”
And then it's as if John's thoughts, taking step by step along a familiar path, miss their footing and he finds himself — his understanding — thrown into the air and spinning. He lands, torn, on one day, like poor Mrs. Ellison’s hand snagging on that sharp bit of metal: the day on Hampstead Heath when he began, in earnest, to give up on Sherlock.
In any case, the notice that caught my eye that happy morning proved to be of the greatest interest to both of us: it was an announcement that plans had been put in train for the rebuilding of the area around Holywell and Wych Streets, and that demolition of the existing structures was to begin the following spring.
Sherlock slept fitful and uneasy and when morning broke in wet gray smudges he gave up and made coffee. The messenger with his delivery was late, which happened sometimes but now it was happening after Jim had told him
When John awoke, his fever was gone. The scale he found under his pillow was the size of a plectrum, dull black, flexible, tipped with iridescence at the narrow end. He turned it this way and that to catch the light, then wrapped it in a scrap of bandage he begged from the nurse who came to dress his wound, and put it in the envelope with the other gifts. A feather, a whisker, a scale . . .
“Come on,” John Watson said, sounding amused, “stand up, so the rip hangs straight. I’m not much of a tailor but at least we can get you home without a breeze blowing through your tackle.” And then he blushed.
This would make the fourth time he had stopped using, if he counted the night of the blackout. Twice there had been stints in rehab facilities, with their odious group therapy and their exhortations somehow both sincere and counterfeit. How did the people telling one to assume responsibility for one’s life always manage to strike exactly the same pious note?
One night in October the lights went out. All of the lights: in the office, in the flat, from the streetlights, and when Sherlock leaned out the front window to look up and down Montague Street, London stretched black before him. It wanted five minutes till eleven; he could have prepped his dose in the absolute dark of a cave a mile underground, anyway, and the light from his laptop screen should be enough to find a vein by.
The director and the family approach the smaller aviary, the one for new arrivals. There is only one other bird inside it now, and she watches alertly, murmuring, as the people come near. The director slides open the aviary door as the tired mother unlatches Beakley’s cage and reaches in to take him on her finger.
for of course every secondary school history text had its three or four paragraphs about the animates, illustrated with a photograph of one such unfortunate and concluding with two lines about the abolition that invariably included the phrase “public revulsion.” The animate in the photograph was never exactly good-looking. But also was never ...
In the dream that had woken John that night, everything began as it began in reality. He was with Sherlock. They were in the mortuary with Culverton Smith, and Sherlock’s beautiful hair hung about his face in greasy rags. Sherlock was in every way disordered. His mind was in disorder, the armor of his perfect black suits cast aside, his fingernails grimed, his trainers stinking of unwashed feet. He took up the scalpel and lunged for Smith, John got hold of him, yanked him back, shoved him up against the wall of refrigerated dead, grabbed away the scalpel, slapped him. As in life, so in dream.
“This” was a man in a boiler suit, staring at the floor and carrying a toolbox and a heavy-duty extension cord.
Sherlock was able to keep Mr. Hodgson on the line, looking for Cricket, for three solid months, fifty quid Tuesday and fifty quid Thursday and fifty quid Saturday as Sherlock trawled the spirit world for clues that always came to nothing.
But of course, my tales of Holmes’s cases had more than once hinted that he thought little of women — the very fact that Miss Irene Adler was
He is a physician, whose skills have proven convenient more than once given the risks attendant on my profession.
He had stripped out of the wet clothes, never mind who might see, put the thermal shirt on backward twice, panting, then finally getting it right on the third try. Sherlock sat in the back of the ambulance with Rosie tucked under his coat and his knees bent up to make a palisade in front of them, swaying a little. He must have been exhausted. When John was dressed, he handed Rosie back and took off his coat to drape it over all of them. Under it he drew his arm over John’s shoulders and squeezed, once, lightly, then withdrew and wrapped himself around his own legs and put his head down, and that was how they waited till one of Mycroft’s cars came to take all of them home.
Having moved on from the fungi of Aberdeen, I was deeply absorbed in the geology of Wales, with specific reference to the Jurassic limestone along the Glamorgan coast, when Mrs Hudson once again admitted Wiggins, this time bearing, of all things, a flask of water. This too was accompanied by a slip of paper, tucked into the neck of the flask, and bearing printed words: “my second.” Not from
. He wondered, idly, as he had wondered before, whether the months spent training him in chicanery had made Jim any sort of profit, and if so what Jim did with the money. He began watching a detective film, but instead of dissecting the plot he thought about the fee schedule posted on Will Holmes’s website.
John stood up, carefully, and brought his wrist where the raven could grasp it. How strange, he thought as she settled herself and fluffed her feathers, that the arrow seemed to have passed right through her and that she had not been killed. Carefully he opened one wing, then the other, meaning to discover the wound and perhaps bind it with a torn piece of his shirt. How fine and soft she was to the touch, how warm the muscle of her broad wings. Metacarpus, radius, ulna, humerus: all intact. The raven neither struggled nor pecked at him, only turned her head to watch his moving hand and his face. John thought what damage she might do with her great beak;
Still dark. The laptop clock read 3:13. Montague Street empty: everyone gone home gone to ground gone to rest.
The longer your little show goes on, the harder they’ll work to believe every word you say.” Jim widened his eyes and made a moue. “ ‘I can’t
It was impossible to know what satisfaction Sherlock might gain from feigning to love John — who, after all, knew himself to be an ordinary physician, of modest magic, with a body rather scarred and plain, intelligent enough as long as no comparisons were made with that restless and beautiful genius. But what John couldn’t know he could guess; he could guess that, if the Sherlock who smiled and kissed him was as false as all the others, then perhaps it simply amused him to have a living toy.
Rockham gave the blond woman’s bum a final pat and detached himself from her. Sherlock let a piece of his attention follow her stroll over to the drinks table, just in case. He had a moment of fellow-feeling: navigating Rockham’s whims might be less dangerous than navigating Jim’s, but job security was equally lacking. “Melinda,” Rockham said. “I pick Melinda.”
In other ways, just as Sherlock’s flat was like any serviced flat, the business was like any business. W. S. S. Holmes, Practical and Spiritual Counseling, had a pretty website, dotted with inspirational prose and illustrated with a photo of Sherlock, retouched so he didn’t look as though he’d spent every waking minute for two years acquiring heroin and then, when he acquired it, shooting it up. And somewhere a PA replied to email inquiries and answered the phone.
The sentence is fifteen and a half years — the odd six months is for casting Animatio. After a week even the
John forces himself to look for a job and, rather to his surprise, gets one: as an aide in a care home. “Bit of a bonus for us, your medical training,” says the administrator who hires him, which deserves a punch that John makes himself withhold because he has to earn money somehow and you don’t need magic to make beds and hand-feed demented persons. Clear-the-air would come in handy for diaper changes and the smell of sick old age in general, but John had got used to doing without in Afghanistan, where he usually couldn’t spare the time to cast it, and now he gets used to doing without again. The other aides are mostly middle-aged women; they’re warily polite at first, but warm up after a few weeks of watching him work as hard as they do, and sometimes, if they have a moment to spare, will cast for him — Toasty to keep a slow-eating patient’s food hot, say, or the blessed Clear-the-air
The tired mother gets a warm hello when she phones Greater London Lovebird Rescue, arrangements are made for the family to bring Beakley in the next afternoon, and Sherlock is briefly tempted to pump his fist in the air when he gets the text from the rescue group’s director. He recovers his dignity in time and spends the evening in the kitchen, producing small, controlled explosions to stand in for fireworks. It remains only to shanghai John, which is easily done because John generally prefers to be wherever Sherlock is and also has not got work the next day, so there will be no need to wheedle him into phoning in sick or to kidnap his patients and thereby prevent them from turning up for their appointments.
Past featureless towers and Superdrug and Hotel Chocolat, past mobile phone shops and mattress specialists and Itsu Japanese takeaway, past all the things that were no different from any other things —
as opposed to any other user in London, had also already been answered, by the conversation about his wallet. Someone knew that Sherlock could deduce things, therefore wanted Sherlock to perform that service on his behalf.
“Culverton Smith was present,” Sherlock says, clearly in the belief that his train of thought will be apparent to John.
I quizzed Wiggins at length: From whom had he received the flour? When? Where? All he could tell me was that he had found it just outside the door of the room he shared with two of the other Irregulars, and that he had immediately brought it to me for inspection.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. Cold shuddered through him; the room tilted. He took two steady breaths, fending off nausea. “You learned of some incident or other in which I demonstrated my ability to see through an attempt to deceive or to conceal motive. You want me to function as a human lie detector — or, no, that’s not it; you can detect lies perfectly well yourself. . . . Yes. Someone as good at reading the evidence as I am can ipso facto tell people what they want to hear. I can, in effect, cold read. In addition my accent is that of the educated upper middle classes. I sound, shall we say, credentialed.
The trial continues for three months. John tries to hope that he’s in the placebo arm, because the foam-ball tests make it clear that he’s had no return at all of magical function — if he’s getting TKDT, and if the TKDT is passing into his brain, it’s not accomplishing a thing when it gets there — but when the results are unblinded it turns out that what arm he was in doesn’t matter: the new delivery method has failed.
“What?” Sherlock said now, slow on the uptake because his gut was cramping and he had retched bile half a dozen times on the pavement outside Wiggins’s door.
Then the hooves, the horn, the baying red-eyed hounds were gone, and John Watson stood once again beside an empty silent road, on a dark plain, in the moonlight.
Not in Rye! I knew perfectly well that Watson was not in Rye; he was, in fact, in the village of Aldbury.
Mr Elston Wing, the solicitor, called early, having some purported gem-stones he wished me to examine; they were fakes, which rendered the inheritance of the Duke of L——’s second son rather moot, but supplied me with a witness to the extraordinary spectacle of Wiggins racing pell-mell around the sitting room, dropping the usual slip of paper (
It occurs to John, too, to wonder whether the reversal of Superglue is permanent. Not that that matters, really, because if he needs to take Sherlock’s potion in perpetuity, if his magicless state is like a chronic disease, then Sherlock will simply make more —
Sherlock became aware that the doctor was holding his elbow and that he was leaning into the offered support. “No,” he said.
“Well, no, I don’t know, it might be, I guess? It’s just, every so often something about a case bothers me, so I make another file for it. You know, not official or anything, just — bits and pieces. Probably nothing, most of the time.” She took up the forceps from the absorbent pad where she had set them and used them to reach into the dead woman’s torso, biting her lip.
“I’d clasp your hand in greeting,” Sherlock said, “but as you see I’ve no hand to spare.” He shuddered; John caught him up before he slid to the floor, hauled him into his room, and arranged him on the bed.
Two days later he saw the same eyes-widened, lips-pressed, glance-down pass over Sherlock’s face while he was lying to a suspect.
John registered with surprise — over his nape, and down the other side, dropping to the grass and, like the raven and the fox, gone.
They were playing a new game, then: call it Feisty Vassal. A relief that it had not immediately resulted in Sherlock’s being taken somewhere to be tortured to death.  He was worn far too thin to work out whether Jim had planned to inaugurate Feisty Vassal, this afternoon, or whether he himself had elicited it. Either way: “I’m agog with anticipation,” he said, stepping onto the tightrope. Hateful, how the autonomic nervous system was not to be subdued. He must have spent half the night in one kind of cold sweat, and now on came another.
John’s at Baker Street a couple of afternoons each week; after that first trial, he brings Rosie as a matter of course. Eventually, because that day it is raining and the strap of the bag with all the baby kit has pulled his jacket collar away from his neck, so the rain has got down his back, and maybe it would be nice to not be so much of a donkey so much of the time, he asks Sherlock for permission to store some baby supplies — “Nappies, wipes, some baby food?”
"You don't even cook," John giggled. "I was rather surprised when you offered." They waved to Angelo, also leaving cash on the table as they stepped out into the night.
"Not sleepy!" Hamish pouted. He started playing with John's scarf but he slowly sank to sleep no matter how hard he fought it.  Sherlock watched them, smiling as he did.
"Why are you lying to me?" Sherlock whispered sounding small and worried as nuzzled his nose into the back of John neck. Trying to get John to warm up to him and reveal what he was feeling. "I am the one who hides feelings, not you. I thought you trusted me enough to talk about these things. I trust you enough to let you know everything I am feeling, do you no longer trust me?" His voice was accusatory and hurt.
The oldest child says nothing, because oldest children often find it wearisome always to go first. The middle child says nothing, but weeks have already passed since she privately began to feel strange about how quiet Beakley always is. The second-oldest child looks at the brochure, looks at Beakley, bursts into tears, and says, “We should take him there
The year was 1899, the month September; the precise date escapes me, but I remember how I dawdled over my breakfast, luxuriating in the fact that on this, the first fine day after a week of unremitting rain, I had no patients to visit. Dawdling over my breakfast meant dawdling over the papers, as well; I liked, when I had time, to pore through the advertisements and trivial-seeming items, for I made something of a game of attempting to spot what might catch my friend’s interest. I flatter myself that over the years of our acquaintanceship my skills have improved, though in my mind’s ear I hear him tease me: “Indeed you do flatter yourself, my boy.”
It was really very bad of Watson to distract me from my studies. I donned my warmest coat and made for the Diogenes Club, with a view to sitting quietly in the company of others who were also sitting quietly. Later, Mycroft and I made dinner of a joint and some roast potatoes, and I returned to Baker Street quite late.
There was a pause while those present contemplated the examples of East Germany and of the USSR under Stalin.
Everyone on Lestrade’s team seems perturbed and unhappy about the case, so it doesn’t seem likely that any of them would help turn it to tabloid fodder, but someone somewhere at the Met must have a friend at the
Were the diagnostic criteria for depression altered in cases like his? “My case,” Sherlock said aloud, because the lights were still out everywhere, so Jim couldn’t hear him: “My case is unique,” but then he started to cry. Or not to cry, exactly; water drained from his eyes but there was no hitching breath. No particular feeling attached, either. So perhaps merely Eyes Watering, Part II: The (Temporarily) Dry Nose.
On second thought, all-round extreme incompetence was not interesting but merely tiresome. Mycroft returned his head to the vertical and allowed himself to look bored: as a rule, this had the effect of making hostile interlocutors quail. The Foreign Secretary stared back.
There had been a time, a few centuries past, when Mycroft could have rid himself of a fool like Hareton with a whisper in a king’s ear — though, sadly, he could have whispered into only one royal ear at a time, and the chances were good that the Hareton-equivalent would simultaneously be whispering in the other.
which he had found, he told her, in a section of the British Library to which access was scarcely ever granted, and which had furnished him with valuable insights that were informing his work as he developed a ritual suitable for her.
the current says: he cannot be a doctor without magic. He cannot be — what can he be? His mind flings up possibilities.
What cesspit of spiritualist nonsense had he dredged that word out of? “But in your case the entity, though linked with you, is not in possession.” Sherlock took a moment to admire his own simulacrum of bogus expertise.
The tech, looking worried, begins to apologize. Ms. Walthamstow, who grasps the implications only a moment after John himself has, says, “Oh, my God,” three times. John slides down the corridor wall and puts his head between his knees.
At five o’clock he went downstairs and opened up the shop again. No one came. He studied the objects in his office and found that if he consciously attended to each of them and to their disposition in the space, he could reproduce the room, detail perfect, in his mind.
He felt strong enough to venture outside the tent. There was a bench under a tree that overlooked the road by which the wounded came. He hadn’t been aware of it when he himself was brought, of course, but he thought somehow he might recognize it — that it might be the road from his fever dream.
Woman must have made that plain — and because Miss Winter’s work lay out of public view, so too did the changes in his views. Hence his exasperation on the day in 1917 with which this account begins.
“Now,” Jim said, folding back his finger and taking his hand away, “let’s have a look at your offices.”
politely called “disinhibited chatter” about various handsome celebrities’ charms and presumed inclination to fellate him. Now, seeing where Rockham’s gaze fell, Sherlock thought he would have been satisfied to take up any of the better-looking men on the invitation they absolutely weren’t giving. It was not pleasant to be grateful to Jim, but Sherlock was grateful that even if Rockham proved to find him attractive, sexual overtures had been explicitly ruled out: “His lays are good for six months, max,” Jim had said. “They’re fungible. You, on the other hand, are gonna be long-term and indispensable.”
Aspects of Animatio had never been well understood, and never would be, since no one can legally cast the spell. Why, for example, did even badly sculpted animates have the usual distribution of body and head hair? Why did they appear to have the full complement of human internal organs? “Appear to,” because, as recent scholarship has pointed out, no one had ever performed surgery on an animate; animates could not be autopsied, and as no animates now existed, modern imaging technologies had never been brought to bear. The fact remained that animates ingested food and produced excreta (but what happened in between?); that a stethoscope — or an ear — laid against an animate’s chest picked up what sounded like a heartbeat, and that what felt like pulses appeared on an animate’s body exactly where a human pulse would appear.
By now, of course, I knew to expect some jape or other, to be delivered by Wiggins on Watson’s behalf with the attendant disingenuous professions of ignorance. Indeed, just after breakfast my reading of Hans Goldschmidt’s paper upon the thermite reaction was interrupted by that young reprobate, in possession of a pair of bellows.
The kinds of twilight were astronomical twilight, naval twilight, civil twilight. Astronomical twilight was the most like night, whereas civil twilight was the most like day. Sherlock looked out the window again. No, he had just done that. There was still no twilight, of any kind.
“That’s one. And then the other” — John has to force this out, because even now it is so humiliating to admit how terrible those nights were, to bring himself back so directly to what it felt like, looking at Sherlock with his own heart heavy with love and seeing no answer — “after we, we had sex, your face — sometimes it was totally blank. And I thought — I felt so alone. I’ve said it already, I know. But I thought you felt nothing, I thought those were the times I was seeing the truth.”
To spot the target would have been easy, even if Sherlock hadn’t seen his photograph, because Rockham was so exactly a
The red-eyed hounds howled past him, dark against the dark earth, with the moon glinting off their backs; the horses drove past him and he saw that their hooves never touched the thundering earth. A horn sounded. “I am in the land of Faerie,” John Watson told himself. What poor creature were they hunting, those cloaked riders?
I found that I was holding my breath; I believe that, had a constable been present, he would have arrested Miss Winter for transvestism, so convincing a boy, in her neat jacket and walking-skirt, was she. — And had Bernhardt been present, she would have strewed roses at Miss Winter’s feet.
Attempting to attempt suicide at the Warren Street tube stop. Lycra Louts. Torn trousers. Isn't it supposed to be the
Sometimes John catches Sherlock looking puzzled. Perhaps hurt. Then he smooths his expression and turns away, so quickly that, if Sherlock were anyone else, John would think he didn’t want to be caught watching.
Sometimes he wonders why Sherlock calls Rosie “Watson”; he could have thought it a way of shutting Mary out, but that Sherlock had gone to such bitter lengths to save her. Everyone else, her father included, calls Rosamund Rosie. “Watson” is oddly dignified and a little strange and might express a hope of Sherlock’s that this child will grow up likewise, which John can’t argue with, much. His own hopes for a hypothetical daughter had once involved — he can hardly believe this himself, sometimes — matching mother-daughter dresses; ballet lessons; a big wedding. The first was absurd even before Mary died and the third he now understands as laughably unimportant. The second is a possibility, though, if she turns out to love dance as much as her godfather does.
He could avail himself of TFL’s convenient, cheap euthanasia service another time, if it became necessary.
The trousers were Jim’s, when you came right down to it, not even Sherlock’s own. Jim had chosen them, Jim had paid for them, Jim would replace them with another pair to suit the persona he had made Sherlock assume. Sherlock reached behind himself for the chair and sat in it.
When he has caught his breath, John will raise himself on one elbow and, by whatever light the street and the moon provide, watch over Sherlock. If the moon is full and they have not drawn the curtains, Sherlock’s lashes will be visible against his cheek, fluttering perhaps through dreams.
girls? I know for a fact that three of the faces in that album of his belonged to the dead. I am certain there were others. I’ve had two years in Newgate; I would have served twenty more with joy if it cost me that to finish him.”
he was a surgeon and then when he couldn’t be a surgeon anymore he retrained for general internal medicine and it wasn’t as exciting but he was good at it, he was
When he has moved in, he stands for some time at the window, with Rosie in his arms, looking at the familiar long view over the low roofs behind. Sherlock is downstairs, scoffing at emails under his breath and rapid-fire typing out the answers to the “ludicrously simple” problems they present. The room accommodates, closely spaced, John’s new bed, his blocky dark brown wardrobe, a rocking chair, Rosie’s crib, and a chest of drawers in white pressboard. The matching toy chest rests in the sitting room downstairs, blocking the fireplace for safety’s sake. The old cow skull was destroyed in the explosion, so Rosie’s toy chest is watched over by the articulated skeleton of a Tower raven: a Mycroftian house-warmer.
“See? Even as a junkie, you’re quick. Imagine what heights you can aspire to once I get you cleaned up.”
“Holmes did,” I said; “he had to show the album to Miss de Merville, and he didn’t think the lock worth the trouble of picking.”
Which, actually, is a shade away from genuine hurt at John’s unwillingness to tell him, so John gives his hand a squeeze and decides to have mercy. “Ah, you’ll laugh. The first really terrific sex I ever had was on an army cot, back when I was a new recruit. I was young and horny and I guess I imprinted on the damn things.”
He spent part of the day on the bench overlooking the road. Weeks had passed since more wounded had been brought in: the war was over, someone had won it, there would be a new ruler or there would not. Soon, perhaps, the road would see farm carts, travelers’ carriages, the coach that bore the mail. In the afternoon John took his cane and walked for a while, aimlessly, passing between sun and shade and wondering where he might go and what he might do. His fever did not return, nor did the dreams, that evening or the next or the next; he spent some weeks helping the nurses tend the last of the wounded, and when finally the paymaster counted out the coin he was owed for his service he took up his cane and his rucksack and turned his steps toward the city.
“And, Will? Get some exercise. Go for a walk, whatever, get back in shape. I know it’s been hard on you, staying inside all this time.”
Sherlock’s face is empty but for the hint of a sneer — at him or at the thought of the animate as “she,” John can’t tell. Both, perhaps. “It’ll go to the morgue, obviously. Molly will want to test the blood least contaminated by these surroundings, and that’s the blood on the animate itself.”
Sherlock didn’t say. By the sink he could see a small stainless-steel dish, a jug of distilled water, and an NHS-labeled box of disposable syringes. How long had Jim been preparing all this with Sherlock in mind? “You’ve taken some pains to make sure I fall in with your plans for me. All right, I’ve fallen in. But it’s difficult to see why this project is worth the time and money you’ve already invested.”
“Yes,” says the tired mother, in a voice of certainty. She conveys Beakley, on her finger, to the aviary’s open door.
The speaker’s height, when he stood up, would be well shy of Sherlock’s own six feet. Of his clothes, Sherlock could hear Mycroft’s voice saying that they might be best described as decent. But his “Yeah?” had been purely rhetorical and his intonation was that of someone used to being obeyed.
“Fucking hell,” John Watson was saying, “you could save the NHS a fair bit of money on diagnostic equipment and testing.”
is what John hears, plain as the doorbell, or as the smell of Superglue. “Of course,” Sherlock says, and again: “Cases.” John steals a look; he’s not sure whether he can see the small vertical line between Sherlock’s brows, the little scrunch in his nose, or whether the light is insufficient and it’s only that John knows the expression is there. Sherlock frowning over a deduction. What is there for Sherlock to frown about here? The situation is perfectly clear to John, therefore there cannot possibly be any mystery to Sherlock.
John begged of his employer: did he know of rare medicaments to be had anywhere, anywhere at all? But the eminent physicians his employer named shook their heads regretfully and could not help.
Then he remembers that extraordinary, casual power: the moment when his leg injury simply . . . went away. He had thought it meant something to Sherlock too; but all it really signified, apparently, was its own offhandedness.
“‘Well,’ I thought, ‘Shinwell Johnson’s good enough to do a job for Mr. Holmes,’” Miss Winter went on; “‘then mayn’t I be?’” She stood, stooping, as if the movement pained her, and drew her arms protectively before herself. “I thank ye, sir, for yer kindness, and I hope ye won’t mind it that I passed the money on to one as needed it more’n me,” she said —
John turned from end of day to beginning of day, beginning of day to end of day, the days a series of cages, each cage like the one before it; he lay in his narrow bed waiting for sleep, hoping to dream, looking up at the ceiling or out his one window, through which he could sometimes see the moon.
said, but it was the old beggar-woman from our street who stood before us, and whose voice we heard.
John Watson’s tone was purely curious and in fact he was beginning to look delighted. Sherlock found himself answering more or less honestly. “An experiment.”
The edge of the sink was so cool against his forehead. That helped. But then the toilet. Sherlock hated to puke into a toilet; having his face so near the bowl only made the nausea worse.
Everything John did up to that point was fine, it was okay, he was preventing a murder — come to that, he was protecting Sherlock, too, because how many killings could even Mycroft cover up, not to mention how Sherlock himself would feel, later, because the killing of Magnussen was one thing, it protected John’s little family when there was no other means available; but this, this would have been murder through and through, and not only in the eyes of the law.
This doesn’t quite seem to make sense, and the next thing Sherlock says, almost under his breath, is genuinely baffling: “How did I ever think I could pull this off?”
“No,” Sherlock replies. And, scornfully: “I’m astonished that you ever believed such tripe. It was public revulsion toward
Night fell away and John’s fever dropped. Under his pillow when he woke lay a single curved black whisker, so fine he might easily have brushed it onto the dirty floor without noticing, yet so sharp-tipped it drew a prick of blood from his finger. He tucked it into the envelope with the feather, and hid all away in his rucksack again.
An Army man does see a great deal, so such things were not altogether foreign to my experience. Sitting beside the lady in question, who was by way of being a colleague of Holmes’s, was another matter, however. I hastily gave the album pages back to her.
The thing is, John’s heart had lit up in the first moment at Barts, when Sherlock had done no more than glance up from his spellwork to say hello.
: because Rockham’s tone was not entirely flat, and he didn’t turn away. His eyes were sharp on Sherlock’s face. Neither of them looked at the blond woman on his other arm.
The particulars of the arrangement made that morning soon became obsolete, for while Holmes initially meant Miss Winter only to draw information from women servants, or from lady clients too bashful to confide their troubles unless one of their own sex was present, we learned quickly that she was even more clever than hot-tempered.
Sherlock woke in the early evening and at once thought with pleasure of how he might pass the next hours; with two bags left and most of Jim’s money still in hand, there was no need to go busk for the tourists in Trafalgar Square, or to pick pockets on the tube. He took a shower — in the luxury of knowing he could top up any time, he almost enjoyed the metronymic want
Sherlock, who had assumed warm-gazed attentiveness, hands prayerful, one forefinger tapping his lip, offered a sympathetic tsk.
of defensive wounds. She fled here, here the — killer? — caught up with her, and here the struggle concluded, leaving a nearly naked figure, face stilled in pain and terror, hands disposed not quite symmetrically at her clavicles, frozen where they fell away from her slashed throat or perhaps were reaching back to clutch at the wound. Her dried dying blood is smeared brown over the marble of her breasts and belly. The marble, being porous, will have stained. Her right hand is caught in the air, no more than an inch above what was once her flesh. It must have spasmed at the moment of death, when she reverted to the stone she had begun as.
“— except, of course, in the one respect that matters.” Sherlock’s gaze slides down from John’s face. “But — ”
Sherlock gave a regretful sigh. “No reputable spiritual counselor can guarantee his results, I’m afraid. There are simply too many variables at work. But I can promise you that I’m as qualified an exorcist as you’ll find anywhere.” This was certainly true.
There was this to be said: in rehab, they gave you different drugs so as to mitigate the effects of withdrawal from the drugs you preferred. Sherlock knew Jim too well by now to imagine that mercy would be offered him; far too much fun to be had in watching someone writhe and snivel, even when Jim wasn’t producing those effects with any tools he wielded himself. Sherlock was going to beg, and Jim was going to enjoy his begging; there was nothing more to say about that.
"I bet you'll give in before I do. You'll get so desperate you'll start begging to fuck me." John said with a wicked grin at his husband which earned him more rapid smacks and he only closed his mouth tightly and shut his eyes. "You can do better than that," He said with a chuckle.
"I'll be right back love, I'll just be in the kitchen. Yell if you need me." He picked up his phone and left the room. He moved quickly about, hiding Sherlock's drugs knowing it would be likely he would find them if he tried but intending to have Mycroft take them in the morning. He put the kettle on and poured some soup in a bowl making sure none of Sherlock's experiments were in the microwave before warming up the soup. He took the tea in the bedroom when it was ready and then checked his phone in the kitchen while the soup heated.
"You didn't do anything, John." Victor sighed, rubbing his face before getting up and walking back into the kitchen to get his tea. He used the action more as a way to break free of John's contact than because he truly wanted the tea. "You've been very nice about this and I'm the one who's acting like a dick about it. It's just... It's hard." That was as far as he could explain it. If he went any further into explaining it there was a chance he'd start crying again and he really didn't need to break down in front of John. "I don't want him upset, though. So I need get over it."
"It may be the salt." John whispered. He put one hand to Sherlock's forehead to check his temperature. "We might have something else... I could make something."
"I didn't think you'd be into that... And I mean... We've only just started... Not that I don't want to... I..." He sighed softly trying to calm the sensations running through him. Sherlock dissolved him into nothing so easily. "Are you serious or saying what you think I want to hear?" He finally forced out. His eyes searching over Sherlock's form. Sherlock curled up even more, his face a terrible shade of red. Maybe this wasn't the right way to approach things. John was right, they had only just started dating or... Whatever it was they were doing. He clutched his blanket close and wishing he could take back the fact he'd said anything.
"I'm so very sorry John." He whispered as they entered the kitchen, not realizing he was rather close to John as he spoke.
"Why did he move in here if he feels that way? Why would he hurt himself like that? I... I should have never offered. I gave him the wrong impression, John. I gave him hope and then he came here to have snatched away from him." Sherlock was almost in tears now, the guilt beginning overwhelming him. "I'm an awful person." Victor's heart clenched at the sound of Sherlock's voice. He hadn't meant to cause him pain, all he wanted was for Sherlock to find a way to love him. He heard John move as John approached the couch and though he wanted to run from his spot on the stairs he couldn't.
Sherlock watched with interest and surprise as Victor tried to determine just how peacefully John was sleeping. There was a tightness in his features that betrayed some strong emotion he couldn't quite read. Victor's eyes clearly said he was worried about John and that helped Sherlock remain calm. Victor turned his attention to the text again, reading it a second time before sighing and beginning a reply.
The website belongs to Greater London Lovebird Rescue. Sherlock regards it with pleasure. Photographs depict lovebirds of several species, flying about well-lit aviaries large enough to hold small trees, a fountain, and plenty of toys and puzzles. The caption explains how the toys and puzzles are switched out every few days, to preserve the birds’ interest in them by keeping them novel. To the right of the last photograph of the aviary is one of a young man who hones his arts-and-crafts skills by inventing additional, clever birdy puzzles.
Sherlock pulled it the rest of the way over to himself and rested his palms on the lid. Perhaps his thoughts showed on his face again, or perhaps Jim was only addressing the obvious idea that anyone in Sherlock’s position would have had, because Jim said, “Don’t bother trying to cheat the keystroke tracker,” and played a sound on his phone: not one of the sounds from the video he’d shown Sherlock already.
The Home Secretary forestalled him. “Useful measures — up to a point. But resources are limited even in a police state. Additionally, the nearer we approach the quality of a police state, the more likely we are to see precisely the social breakdown against which Mr. Holmes is warning us.”
?” She pointed to herself. “And you know there are matters of which women will speak only to other women. — I could be valuable to you, Mr. Holmes.”
“You said to string them along,” he reminded Jim one evening. “But — these are small fry who come in. Your profit, once you’ve paid for this building and my food and — and other expenses, must come to less than nothing. So why?”
“Why didn’t you tell him?” Because Holmes had not mentioned Piccadilly, nor had I; but I did wonder at his failure to enlighten Roger, for the boy might have found at least relative safety in numbers, and eventually even made friends.
In the ragged hours of the night, John Watson sprang awake, listening. There was nothing to hear, and then a gasp, the flat thump of fists against flesh, a body falling. The back alley was empty: where had the sounds come from, then? And no one else in the house had been roused, it seemed. John buckled on his knife, meaning to take himself downstairs — but there, leaning against the corridor wall next to John’s door and bent to hold back the blood streaming from his thigh —
The snake put out its tongue, testing. John didn’t move, except for the hand with which he caressed the coils around his arm.
Holmes inclined his head. My family’s ill fortune, my brother’s profligacy — these were painful matters, of which we rarely spoke.
, ever since it first occurred to him that perhaps, perhaps, just as Sherlock offered clients and witnesses a series of false selves, so might the self Sherlock offered him, John, be shammed. The Sherlock above him in bed, in evening half-light sent fluttering by their bedroom curtains, pressing his mouth against John’s neck: that Sherlock, was he real? Sherlock had a hundred or a thousand lying smiles; what of the one he gave John, the sweet small joyful one: could John repose his heart against that joy, would it give way to genuine contempt? When John wasn’t there to look at Sherlock and to hear, what expression did Sherlock’s face wear then, what did he say?
They had no prey this night, John thought; but then saw that he was wrong. On the road a serpent writhed.
It was Thursday morning. Willis was standing between O’Malley and Bewick — for a given value of “standing.” His head hung down and there was blood, mostly dry, on the front of his shirt.  “I didn't steal it,” he said, “I don't know who took it,
And then he made a sound — the soldier did: it was like a sound Sherlock remembered hearing emerge from himself, once, when he was on his way home from a night out with his velvet jacket over his shoulders and his lipstick smeared because he was with Victor and they had been kissing in doorways, tasting the marijuana smoke on each other’s breaths. West Ham had lost that afternoon, that was the trouble: “Aw, look at that. Hanging off each other’s necks,” Sherlock remembered hearing, and then there was an interval he didn’t remember but for a moment when he lay on the pavement and saw a boot swing back and then forward, toward him;
I gazed into his face; I could not look away. I would not. His lips had parted and even by the candle’s light I could see that his color was high.
“Subfolder of ‘Open Cases.’” She turned toward the screen, keeping her bloody-gloved hands well away from her companion. “Next to the one with ‘Weird’ on it.”
There being little more to be made of this cryptic communication, if indeed it was a communication, I deemed it best to wait upon events.
If you had asked John, before they became lovers, what Sherlock was like in sleep, he might first have scoffed—only for the sake of form, of course, for the sake of joining in Sherlock’s self-mythologizing—at the notion that he slept at all. Second, soberly, John would have predicted that Sherlock was a restless sleeper, waking in starts throughout the night; getting up, sometimes, to prowl.
“Mr. Putin’s aims are more easily accomplished,” Mycroft went on, “if he can push Europe and the UK into tearing ourselves apart. So far his manipulations of public opinion and of political processes are succeeding admirably. But although I am certain of the general form the next stage will take, we remain in the dark with respect to the specifics of how he means to achieve it.” He turned to the chairman of the JIO. “Tell us, please, how many of your most valuable agents in place have been arrested and executed in the past six months.”
John had not for even a flicker of an instant questioned his faith that the potion in the vial was meant to help him. That even if Sherlock had failed, he would not harm.
The flat is clean. It is neat. It is functional. John is clean and neat and he used to be functional, too.
Or “Spiritual and Practical” struck them as sensibly down to earth, or — this, none of them cared to admit — the triple-barreled initials of the eponymous counselor’s name struck them as posh,
but such is my case, and such is that of Sherlock Holmes, with whom I am so fortunate as to share my heart and my bed. Or perhaps it is he who shares his bed; such minor questions of title do seem to grow muddled over time.
Something was wrong with Sherlock. He appeared in John’s bed just as he had been doing, every night, but John had, more and more, an impression of weariness, like that of a traveler who has come a great distance, arduously. Sherlock might lie for an hour at a time with John’s hand pressed to his heart and his eyes closed, talking aimlessly. On the night of the half moon, a trembling seized him, only for a few moments, but the next night it came again. And again the night after, and again. As the moon waned, John gave him every elixir in the physician’s satchel, to no avail.
. After all, Sherlock spent his entire childhood and young adulthood not conceiving of even a hypothetical friend for himself: the world was simply as it was, and he was simply a person who had nothing to do with the notion of a friend. It’s no great surprise that five ordinary children are incapable of imagining that a winged creature might prefer a life different from the one provided.
“No, not one of those. What, do I make different — ” But he can’t bring himself to ask what noises he made, and Sherlock doesn’t answer that unasked question. John tucks his hands into his armpits. The tremors had receded; now another one comes on. When it has passed, John says, “Do you ever wish you hadn’t killed Magnussen?”
If Jim twigged. If Jim somehow knew he had dumped the evening dose, if Jim ever caught him palming the supply.
Sherlock’s organizing his forensics texts and doesn’t turn. “Or you could omit the intermediate steps. The place is habitable now. Move in.”
Molly Hooper beamed from under her surgical cap, holding her sample of Mrs. Bronley’s liver aloft. “Oh,
Toward evening he began to vomit. He puked and sweated and shook and cramped all night and by Tuesday morning he had given up on cleanliness or dignity and was fully occupied by crawling between the toilet and the nest he had made of his duvet and pillow on the floor just outside the bathroom. A few times he had made it as far as the tub and run tepid water over his head, drinking some too and even managing to keep it down. When Jim appeared he was mostly upright, with the duvet mostly over his shoulders, so at least he was spared Jim finding him sprawled naked and shaking on the filthy tile. He had been drooling, however. He wiped his mouth on a corner of the duvet and said, “Well, what brings you here?” as cheerily as he could manage, which wasn’t very. He was chagrined and this feeling in turn reminded him that he did, in fact, value his dignity. Pity he had none anymore. But that had been true long before today.
but now — “Christ,” he says, “Christ, I’m going to be on the fucking dole for the rest of my fucking life.”
But. Before Sherlock embarked on his line of patter, there had been a moment: Sherlock’s eyes widening, his lips pressed briefly together, a glance down. Regret and anxiety. It had touched John, that Sherlock should feel his irritation so keenly.
“Speaking of which,” Sherlock continues, his manner one of patient curiosity, “I was never able to work out quite why you left. Even if you don’t wish to return, I would find it helpful. If you could see your way to elucidating . . . ?”
“Now what do you suppose makes a girl willing to make a man offerings like those?” Miss Winter asked.
Jim had had a stylist cut Sherlock’s hair and slick it back; at the time, Sherlock thought the result might scream “operator” a little
The back of his head was wet, but only with water — gutter water, though, because it had rained heavily overnight, and with miniature flotsam in; he would almost rather have had the wetness be blood, because the sight of a head injury might have brought an end to the shouting. “Yes,” he said to the owner of the loud voice, “yes, I understand that your bicycle could have been damaged by its impact with my left side, but as you're abusing me in the conditional I gather it wasn't. Go away. No,
It was immediately apparent what had excited his indignation. The Commons were about to vote on the Representation of the People Act; they were expected to pass it, and if the Lords followed suit, the long campaign in favor of woman suffrage would have been largely won. Holmes was generally indifferent to the swirl of politics except inasmuch as it informed his cases — but Lord Curzon, in opposition to the Act, had cited “the well-known views of no less an intellectual and scientific eminence than Sherlock Holmes.”
each other often enough,” I told him, with as straight a face as I could manage. I believe he has gone to soothe his indignation in tending his bees.]
is John thinking? Where can it spring from, this bone certainty that what he needs, Sherlock will provide?
Sherlock — still muzzy from the heroin despite the reaction that sound had set off in him — floundered for a moment until the subject of Jim’s question became clear. “A hybrid, given that I’ve already told her the situation calls for an atypical exorcism.” Under his breath, he added:
“My cane,” John Watson said, setting the last pin, “is lying in the gutter across the road from the Warren Street tube stop, isn’t it.” He sat back in the chair and looked straight up at Sherlock. His eyes were sparkling.
John reminds himself, blinking, trying not to cry out against the pain: there’s no malice, not even any anger, in Sherlock’s voice; “no longer lovers” merely states a fact which he, John, brought into existence with words, like the last spell someone with no magic left could cast. He sits down. Sherlock has invited him to.
,” Jim said. He was holding the envelope between the fingers of both hands, walking the fingers up and down the paper. Watching him was like biting metal, Sherlock thought. “But I just don’t know, Will. You let her off so easy!”
” he said. “Haven’t you someone else to disturb?” He tried to turn himself over, away, but the heavy floaty feeling was too much for him. Perhaps if he tried for just his head . . .
The practitioner occupied in inventing the impossible spell had eyes the color of cloud and moonlight, and a mouth that needed John to bite it. His shirt, John wanted to say, could not have been fitted so closely by merely physical tailoring.
All at once, I did. For our respectable-seeming visitor was none other than Kitty Winter, whose help had been invaluable in bringing to an end the depredations of the vile Baron Adelbert Gruner, and who had seized her moment to destroy not only his career but his handsome face. Even now, as I write these words, I shudder to remember how he shrieked as the vitriol ate away his flesh.
“I’m not altogether sure how to feel about that,” said the chairman drily. “. . . You really have nothing?”
“But then how — You know what, never mind. That laceration really needs seeing to. If I take you to the A & E at UCH you’ll be ages, but my clinic’s round the corner and I’m on my lunch break anyhow. I can get you cleaned up and stitched in half an hour and you can be on your way.”
he said, wordless. He rested his hands beside himself; the blue-veined crooks of his elbows seemed to glow in the flickering light. His breath shuddered. His prick grew hard and his legs opened to me.
said Watson’s telegram, arriving later that morning. The solution of the puzzle having come to me, I amused myself by participating, though I had to concede the greater cleverness of the original’s wordplay:
48–49: “How I enjoyed Basingstoke’s pliancy, his gratitude for the sweet pains I could inflict! I bade him draw down his trousers and smalls and bend himself over the drawing-room table — it was low, so that in resting his head and arms upon it he perforce thrust his bare arse high into the air and, stretching his legs and thighs, made taut the skin. My breath quickened at the thought of how much more the blows of the crop would sting with my beloved victim in this pose. . . .”
The door chime had not gone off and Sherlock was not at all sure he had been able to keep his face impassive; he thought wishfully of the delivery man’s blankness; but then, to the delivery man, Sherlock never came as a surprise. Besides which — but he arrested this train of thought.
(I made the error, when she had been in Holmes’s employ for some months, of remarking that her disposition seemed much improved, and praising her for it. I got the sharp end of her tongue that day: “Anyone’s temper would improve,” she told me, “if she got decent work at a fair wage for the first time in her life.” — I laugh to see those words so tame, in pen and ink. Miss Winter adorned them liberally with billingsgate.)
“I don’t think my tales of your exploits ever attributed to you any opinion concerning woman suffrage,” I said.
“Watson, are our relations then to be considered in the light of a mutual easement?” S. exclaimed upon reading this.
Jim disposed himself on the psychotherapeutic sofa in the consulting room, in an arrangement of limbs suggestive of the vapors. Sherlock had three and a half thousand pounds stuffed into an A10 envelope and this he fished out of the drawer he kept it in. He was glad of his choice of envelope: he could hand it over, keeping hold of one edge, and hope that skin wouldn’t touch skin.
He blows out air. He brought home with him a heat-to-eat supper: roast chicken, mashed potatoes, salad. He takes out the chicken and potatoes, places the salad to one side. No sound emerges when he tries to speak, so he clears his throat, tries again: he casts Toasty.
was a question demanding an answer. “How can general practice at an NHS clinic possibly satisfy a former army doctor’s craving for danger?”
He had expected to nod off, after his restless night, but the jitters took him over; the options were to pace the flat wringing his hands or to go for a walk. A walk offered at least the possibility of distraction, but the choice of where to go was beyond him. He could have tossed a coin, heads north tails south, if Jim had ever given him access to cash.
Sherlock could listen through memory year by year, and year by year the sound of voices faded. As far back as he could remember, there had been the sounds of pages turning. Later there came keyboard clicks; clumsy music, careful music, soaring music; glass rod ringing in a beaker as Sherlock stirred; the hum of a fume hood. But fewer and fewer voices. Sometimes all Sherlock said on any given day was “How much?” and all he heard was a number.
He finished dressing himself just before the doorbell rang. The heroin-delivery minion looked at him hard.
Sherlock had nearly finished re-creating his flat from memory when the front-door chime sounded. The time was 9:30; at ten, he could go upstairs and fix and lie down and for a few hours stop gnawing at the tail of his own thoughts; the words “Shoo, get out, can’t you see I’m busy” were on his tongue before he was brought up short by the knowledge of what Jim would do if he breached the terms of his servitude.
. . . Sherlock would drink any amount of tea in the morning, with toast if it wasn’t one of the occasional days when he liked to annoy John by proclaiming — preposterously, and John had cleared away plenty of sandwich ends to prove it — that he never ate when on a case. His habits around tea were erratic: sometimes he brewed it properly, with loose leaves in a pot, but he was just as likely to drop a bag of PG Tips into a mug of boiling water and let it stew there while he drank. He never seemed to mind that by the time he got to the bottom of the mug, the tea had gone bitter and cold.
“Keeping me around for a bit longer, then?” Sherlock asked, as lightly as he could manage. It was past eleven; the delivery would have arrived an hour ago, on a normal evening, and the first whispers of anxiety had begun drifting through him. He looked around the room. There, on the counter.
bedroom) to pack. Sherlock’s eyes went wide briefly when he saw John, so he knows, has deduced it that quickly, John thinks, or, perhaps worse yet, his extraordinary magic somehow enables him to overleap the need for chains of evidence and logic and just
It’s been a year since John didn’t blow his brains out in some secret place and he still can’t sleep in the dark, but he has a new lamp with a dimmer control to help him work his way through the shades of dusk. He doesn’t know why it’s so important to him to be able to sleep in the dark but it is.
That second and final stint in rehab, though, he could hardly forget. There was the poorly hidden pessimism of the staff, of course — Mycroft had said
A long time had passed since John had been, to anyone but himself, more than whatever function he served or what condition he was in. What lived inside him began to lift and uncurl. “You — ” he began, intending to say
“Still, it’s a promotion and I know you’ll see it that way. The really big things are coming soon. Sooner than you think.
Behind his right hand, Sherlock closed his eyes. Fadil must have left traces of himself while writing on the rough paper: molecules of oil from his skin; if he had held the page close and kissed it in farewell, the damp of his lips, his mouth. The soldier could touch this page, and that was probably as close as he would ever come to embracing Fadil again. Presently Sherlock uncovered his eyes and folded his hands in his lap. He said:
Beakley stays perched on the mother’s finger at first. His head turns right, and left, and up, and right and left again. He catches sight of the other lovebird. His wings open. The muscles are weak, because he has had almost no opportunity to fly in years, but he bats them as hard as he can, and then he bats them harder.
were demonstratively heterosexual — tonight, indeed, he had accessorized with someone blond, who just at present was allowing her skillfully-augmented breasts to brush along his arm while he moved one puffy hand in slow circles against her arse — but he also had a long history of what the
Perhaps Molly will be able to work out an approximate date of death (death?) from whatever insect life has established itself in the dried blood. And no doubt Sherlock has conducted experiments concerning the deterioration of all manner of fabric under all manner of weather. But the — body — of course has not decomposed at all, or not to any extent measurable on a human scale. It will crumble eventually: in geologic time.
“Just — go ahead.” The speaker frowned down at the cadaver she had just slit, breastbone to pelvis. The room smelled of meat and Thames, but neither she nor her visitor paid the stink any mind. “I’ve got to take samples from Mrs. Bronley here. The folder you want is the one with her husband’s name on it, I got his tox screen back yesterday, oh, well, of course, he came in last week — ”
but the thought doesn’t prevent him from crying out in shocked ecstasy. Sherlock comes, too; Sherlock also makes noises; but Sherlock’s face, when John steals a glance at it afterward, appears uninhabited.
Two days after John returned the lovebird, he was walking around and around London, and what if Sherlock hadn’t been knocked over by that scooter? The empty room in his Mind Palace, the one with the list headed “Things I would like in a friend,” would still be empty. John sees the look on Sherlock’s face and says “It’s all right, I’m here,” and presses Sherlock to himself and then both of them are distracted by subsequent events that don’t involve breakfast except in connection with the spreadability of jam, so that John forgets all about the conversation.
and he went on following the jacket-beacon. The jacket moved fast, threading through the morning crowds, northward now; though Sherlock quickened his pace to follow, Orange Jacket was only a flash here and there. Sherlock staggered, caught himself on a bollard, found Orange Jacket again, well ahead, near vanishing.
“Bless you both,” she said, “you don’t believe there’s only one man in the world like Baron Adelbert Gruner, do you? Most of us, I daresay, have had a friend hard done by that way. Maybe Kitty was right to throw that vitriol, and maybe she wasn’t, but I went to see her in prison all the same, and when she came to me after, to tell me what she hoped for from you, don’t you think I found it in my heart to lend her the money for those clothes?”
Sherlock might have thought, had he been given to lofty thought; then suddenly Orange Jacket was visible in full, a hundred meters off and across the way from a longish interval of handsome red brick, aiming himself through heavy traffic at the Warren Street tube station; and now Sherlock did have a thought:
that word being circled. The advice given in the article was sound, with the exception of one or two small points which, if followed, would invariably result in the serious wounding of the unhappy reader. I immediately wrote a lengthy correction and sent Wiggins off to post it.
“Yes.” An itch was setting up in the skin of Sherlock’s forearms. He found himself reluctant to scratch it when John Watson could see. Was there something else he should say? “And are you enjoying your life free of trouble?”
I was roused at an early hour from my study of the fungi of Aberdeen by Mrs Hudson, who had admitted Wiggins. The urchin presented me with a parcel containing flour, from which protruded a slip of paper, cut out of
Vomit again. Vomit vomit vomit. Bile. Saliva rope, viscous, shining between his chin and the hand he had just wiped his mouth with. Disgusting. And now the sweat. He took off his clothes: he could shower later but sweat-soaked clothes would be a giveaway.
Or: “Watson, you appear fretful. Perhaps the jigsaw puzzle is unsatisfactory, and a walk in the park would suit. . . . Bread is bad for the ducks, but fortunately we are well supplied with porridge oats.”
“I think so. They left that note, and he had taken . . . twenty grams, wasn’t it, of alprazolam. If I find the same in Mrs. B. . . . well, I think they just wanted to make the drowning easier, you know?”
Mrs. Ellison quiets the instant the pain fades; her face, which had been screwed up in animal misery, goes soft.
Yes, the delight you express whenever you make some new discovery concerning me is endearing. There, I have admitted it and I hope you are satisfied.]
Sherlock does turn now, to frown at him. “You’ve just spent thirty-nine seconds belatedly attending to the evidence that I do. Obviously, if you are disinclined to return on a permanent basis, you’re welcome to store whatever you like. That’s not in question.”
The mites-or-ants sensation was really very annoying now; he had made a little hole in the skin just to the left of his sternum and blood was smeared on the T-shirt they had dressed him in. Perhaps the guards would have something to top up with, if he could get to their pockets, but it wasn’t easy to work out how to do that: they would surely regard any approach as a threat, there were two of them, probably armed, and what with the boredom and restlessness he wasn’t at his best. For the dozenth time, he wiped his nose on his sleeve, got up, paced the room. The guards continued to ignore him.
“Not to Delia, though. You’re in her past now. Once a few days go by, no more top of mind for W. S. S. Holmes. Soon she’ll stop talking about you at all. Well, unless her symptoms come back, of course, but you can’t count on that.
The next time the spasms abated, Sherlock got up and went to the window again: civil twilight. There was still no mains power. Laptop, 7:08. The battery was down to 18 percent. He noticed that he was naked, which probably explained the shivering unless he was just having another bout of chills. He found the discarded towel, laid it over his shoulders, and resumed pacing. Time was a narrowing road; foolish, he had been foolish, passing this wretched night to no purpose. A fully charged phone, a wind-up clock, a whole bloody generator: one way or another Jim would have his organization running. In less than two hours the minion would appear no matter what the state of London’s electrical grid. It wasn’t nearly enough time for Sherlock to get to the point of being able to fake a damned thing. He lay down again on the bed and put his face in his hands; civil twilight became full day.
John Watson was beaming. Sherlock thought of setting his hand on John Watson’s nape, of how his fingers would rest against the curve of John Watson’s occiput. He looked away.
Life went well enough, John supposed. The room he had found was smallish and darkish, overlooking as it did an alley rather than the street, but it was cheap. His weeks with the nurses had taught him how to clean a wound, change a dressing, mop a brow: he found a place with a physician. He liked the work — didn’t mind the smells, had the knack of working gentle-quick so as to cause less pain — would have liked to be a physician himself, he thought, but who would have an apprentice as old as he, with a weak hand at that? On his free days he sat in the best light he could find and doggedly, biting his lip, swearing in frustration at the hundredth, the two hundredth, the five hundredth futile attempt, taught himself to thread a needle in reverse, with his left hand tucked against his breast to steady it and his right hand bringing the thread in close. Even to keep the thread between the thumb and forefinger of his right hand was difficult: he had always used his left hand for fine work, before. When he could thread the needle on the first try nine times out of ten, he bought himself a piece of fine supple leather and a whetstone to sharpen needles with, and taught his right hand to sew. It went easier than threading the needle had done. “So I have educated you,” he said to his hand, in pleased surprise. He was mostly alone when not at work and had formed the habit of speaking aloud.
What could “far” mean when life was contained within the space of a storefront and the flat above? The pavement outside W. S. S. Holmes, Practical and Spiritual Counseling, could have been a hundred miles away; Lincoln’s Inn Fields, on the moon. Remote and more remote yet, Giltspur Street and the mortuary at Barts: they might as well not be.
Nautical twilight now, but the electricity still hadn’t come on. Cramp. He stumbled to the toilet and got himself seated. When he ran the edge of one hand down his back, sweat sheeted off: his hand hydroplaned like a car braked too sharply in heavy rain.
They both fall quiet; John’s heart thuds. He has choices. He can remain as he has been, or he can step out of his self-protections as if to shed ill-fitting and uncomfortable garments. Perhaps he has had enough of protecting himself by inflicting injury on others.
He couldn’t think his course through in enough detail to call it a plan; too much had to be left to chance. But it was child’s play — it had, literally, been child’s play to him — to palm all sorts of objects. He could fake shooting up. If he had time to get through a substantial part of the withdrawal before the lights came back on, if he could play-act his normal self through the rest, if he could steel himself to palm the daily ration and toilet it or let it dissolve in the shower . . . then he could create a fact about himself that Jim didn’t know. He could take away one of Jim’s levers.
“Good God.” Sherlock has drawn himself up and back, wide-eyed, and plainly feeling the lack of (a) a dressing gown (b) a couch upon which to fling himself while wearing said dressing gown. “These were meant to be luxury accommodations. Obviously the manager has been embezzling even more than Tyndale was aware.”
Wiggins suffered through interminable sermons. Apparently biscuits also manifested themselves along with the young lady; these twin enticements he all too predictably found irresistible.
I had expressed to Watson some impatience at this frivolity, but he in turn taxed me with hypocrisy. I own that the circumstances under which I made my complaint may have diminished its force.
There was time to remember that once he had had not only relief but also pleasure, and just time to set that thought aside. He told the walls, “I’ll need access to the Internet”; then he put his head down.
John, perversely, wants to defend Sherlock, and next is angry at himself; and after that he just feels strange and alone, as he has more and more often of late.
When John had lain in the tent, feverish, after he took the shoulder wound, his dreams had been simply what came; he neither wanted nor didn’t want them, more or less as he neither wanted nor didn’t want anything else. He had accepted the raven’s feather, the fox’s whisker, and the serpent’s scale in the same way, without questioning them or marveling over them.
The performance would be more impressive if Sherlock didn’t look her way, so he didn’t. “All right,” he said. “To begin with, her real name isn’t Melinda. She’s Eastern European, Polish or Czech I would guess — ”
As for Holmes, he did not ask our visitor her name or her business; he only cocked his head, as if listening to a distant sound and trying to work out its source. I cleared my throat, but both he and the young lady preserved their silence. “Holmes?” I said at last; and, when he still did not speak, I turned to our visitor. “You have some difficulty with which Mr. Holmes can assist you, Miss . . .?”
At eleven an alarm went off in case he had fallen asleep. This gave him enough time to rouse himself and shower before opening W. S. S. Holmes, Practical and Spiritual Counseling, at noon. On Tuesdays and Fridays at precisely eleven-ten, he accepted delivery of groceries and other supplies. He was available to clients until four p.m. Also, between noon and four on Wednesdays, one of Jim’s minions cleaned the flat and laundered his clothes or took them to the cleaners. At four p.m. Sherlock closed up for an hour “to keep you fresh for the evening crowd,” Jim said. At five he reopened the shop and kept it open till ten; on Friday and Saturday evenings, eleven. After closing up, he fixed.
John is pulling his T-shirt over his head and shucking his trousers and pants before Sherlock has finished the sentence; he falls to his knees between Sherlock’s legs and slaps his hands away, reaches up with one hand to push him down. “Get — get these —” so Sherlock arches up his hips, Christ yes, pants off
“To this seeming puzzle, I apply the hypothesis that you’ve seen combat and have suffered a serious wound to the left shoulder. It resulted in your retirement from the military and a long course of physiotherapy, which has enabled you to resume your profession, albeit not with perfect ease. So the hypothesis is a good one: it accounts for all the phenomena observed.”
Worse than the fear was the gratitude. They walked the perimeter of Russell Square, hands in pockets. Jim was at Sherlock’s left, so Sherlock’s right hand was free to dig thumbnail into pad of index finger, as prophylaxis against running into the road or dropping to the pavement and pressing himself into it until he disappeared. A part of him was listening to Jim; a part of him marveled that everything important about Jim should be invisible. Bright-eyed Jim Moriarty strolled the perimeter of Russell Square: would none of the prey among whom he prowled stop dead, turn side to side, head tilted, to sniff the air?
I looked narrowly at Wiggins, and found that I had to congratulate myself on my success in teaching him the art of feigning nonchalance that is so essential to the detective. Mycroft had sent over a basket of tropical fruit, including a pine-apple; Wiggins having never previously encountered this botanical form, I deemed it helpful to his further education to learn how to dissect one, and sent him away with the guts of the thing, instructing him to do whatever he liked with it.
Animates might run fevers. They sustained injuries and healed from them. They got sick; they got better, or they didn’t. An animate that partook of spirits would behave as if drunk.
John clears his throat. “Yeah, uh. Obviously.” Hoping Sherlock hasn’t noticed, he tears his gaze away from what had been advertised as a four-poster bed but is, in actuality, a cot. Or, rather, two cots, pushed together and made up as one. “Bit narrow, that,” he says, and bites his tongue. Too late.
Then he had lost his magic and his work, but that loss was nothing to do with Sherlock. All right, in some corner of the multiverse where he and Sherlock had never met, other events too would have changed. Maybe he wouldn’t have stepped into that particular corridor at that particular moment. Maybe he’d still have his magic. But then, in that universe of No Sherlock, he’d still have the limp, as well. So he was better off for Sherlock; as long, of course, as you discounted the grief.
The first shiver had come early on, the first false note struck. Barely perceptible, really . . . John had spoken sharply, that was it, annoyed by — nothing much: after an unexpectedly weary shift he had been longing, his whole way home, to sit at the kitchen table with his head in his hands, and milky tea steaming in front of him; he could taste the tea, could feel the ease of
Although he doesn’t have nightmares anymore, sometimes he talks in his sleep. He can hold entire conversations, which is how he accidentally tells Sherlock about one sad fragment of his life, or really someone else’s life, that he believes he forgot about, or let go of, months and months ago. Then he drifts back into the deeper countries of his night, outside which Sherlock must impatiently wait till morning to question him further.
Sherlock watched, remotely, the top of John Watson’s head, the meticulous movements of his damaged and his undamaged hand. Regular heroin use, besides making pain relief more difficult, often wreaks havoc on sexual function in men. Or, to put it less tastefully, Sherlock did not get hard. He didn’t get hard-ish. He never woke up hard, he didn’t get hard when he took himself in hand, not that he had tried that in ages, and as he watched John Watson at work on his trouser leg, nothing stirred. But John Watson was flushing. Sherlock thought he could remember what that felt like: just a little arousal, a pleasant focused warmth, a sensation as of skin tightening, not enough to get in a person’s way, but enough to make him want to do something mildly reckless. (Crazy-reckless might follow.)
He passes off the effects of Make-it-better as those of a hug and a soothing voice, which he should have been providing anyway, as he would have done if not for his own arse-over-teakettle interior state. He feeds the rest of his assigned patients on automatic and doesn’t try any more spells: he isn’t ready to make medical history just yet — in imagining which it occurs to him, given Sherlock is capable of devising a counter to Superglue, he’s also capable of tailoring that counter precisely to John, like one of those individualized cancer-treatment potions based on a patient’s own DNA. “No,” Sherlock would say, frowning puzzled at some number of assembled scientists (tablets in hand; agog), “I didn’t make the counterpotion useful to patients in general; why should I have?”
The man had put his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, and now he addressed himself to the bicyclist: “Look,” he said, “you’re not hurt, whereas the man on the ground bleeding obviously is. Your bike’s fine, his leg needs stitches. Off you go, then, yeah?”
The coils around John’s arm tightened, barely, then relaxed. A snake joke! John laughed. Ran a finger down the serpent’s throat, scratched lightly at the smoother, lighter-colored scales there.
The meeting had not devolved into a shouting match, or at least not yet; there was that much to be said, although the Assistant Undersecretary for Operational Effectiveness had, over the past half hour, acquired quite a remarkable stabbing pain in his temples.
Holmes had opened his mouth — I got him to admit, later, that he was about to describe a complicated stratagem of his own devising, which, he had satisfied himself, Miss Winter must have used — when we realized that Mrs. Hudson, who had been dusting the bookshelves, was laughing.
Eventually lying down in the dark seemed as if it might be an improvement over standing at the window in the dark, so Sherlock did.
John has bloodied Sherlock but never left a lasting mark. Nowadays Sherlock may bear a bruise at his hips where John has clutched at him, or the print of teeth where John has worried at tender arousable flesh. Sometimes at these moments, which are the moments when he himself is most bared to Sherlock and in which he is telling his love as well as he is able, John can see all the way down inside himself, down to the bottom, all the way to the pit of fire. The view brings him up short, a scratchy blank instant as if a musician had forgot his notes. He’s pretty sure Sherlock notices, but Sherlock never says anything. His hands are always careful on John, the way they were the first time he held John properly, cupping his head while he wept. John can’t remember whether he had begged forgiveness then. But Sherlock had already forgiven him. Even in the moment, Sherlock had forgiven him; and there’s Rosie. Sherlock is John and Rosie’s refuge; they are his. So John keeps watch, after his nightmares, while Sherlock sleeps. And often, John’s happy. He hopes that Sherlock is, too.
Bolt for the Diogenes Club, press his hand to the bell until someone came. But if Mycroft wasn’t there. If Mycroft was there but would not see him.
He forgot all about the first client the moment she was out the door. The second client was a soldier.
He pulled my unfolded hand down, down toward the join of his body, and laid it upon himself. His prick was firm beneath my touch. I could not help myself: I pressed the heel of my hand against him there.
“Does it?” replied the Foreign Secretary, and got up at last. Zardari, Skeffings, and de la Pole followed him out. De la Pole, the last in the train, gave Mycroft an anxious glance as he went: so, doubtful again, and after all that work.
“I am constrained to agree with Ms. Zardari,” said Macdermid. “To cultivate specific well-placed informants is one thing, but to encourage all to inform against all . . .”
The JIO chairman had remained in his seat. “Is Walter going to reenter suddenly, hoping to catch us in the middle of something compromising?” he asked once the latch clicked shut. And, when Mycroft shook his head: “I keep expecting him to question the reality of climate change.”
The driver dropped John and Rosie off at the flat he had moved into with her after Mary died. It didn’t occur to John till later that he had no idea where Sherlock was staying.
Sherlock could find, in his mind’s ear, the sound of himself, small, asking questions: Of his father, concerning the lives of bees; how the illusion worked by which paint on canvas could represent the movement of ocean; why one sometimes toasted cumin before grinding it, and sometimes didn’t, and at other times left it whole. Of his mother, how to find the area of an irregular polygon; why blood turned brown as it dried; why, if rust and fire were both types of oxidation, did metal not burn as it rusted. Of Mycroft: where Mycroft was going; whether Sherlock could come too; why school was so boring; how to make friends.
The man at the computer clicked on the folder designated “Weird.” There were half a dozen subfolders inside: fewer than he might have expected. But — “Molls, you didn’t like that one?” he said.
A woman next to Sherlock glanced between him and Jim, frowning. She could not have heard Jim’s opening line, and Jim, having run through his pantomime of dismay, had unwrapped a stick of gum and was chewing it with evident pleasure; Sherlock’s face, then, was the telltale. “Well,” he said, “that’s quite interesting,” but he could hear himself, thready and unconvincing; he turned back to look at the entryway of the Tibetan shop and forced himself to relax his shoulders and assume an expression of phlegmatic curiosity. The gray-haired man, the detective, was bending sympathetically now toward the girl who had been at the till the day before: she sat in a folding chair, wringing her hands. She would have opened the shop this morning to find Niall. Impossible to tell, from this distance and with the body hidden inside the police bag, how he had been killed. A knife, most probably. Gloves would account for the lack of fingerprints on the handle, of course, and it was easy to picture the killer, shaky with the novelty of the act, cutting himself. As he pulled the blade, for example, from the dead or dying torso, he might have loosened his grip . . .
Jim touched the tip of his tongue to his forefinger and then touched the forefinger to his own leg with a hiss. “You’re on fire!”
"Don't be such an ass Mycroft. He is your brother. I will help him. I will always help him." John snapped and Mycroft looked slightly affronted.
"I'm trying." He whispered, burying his head against Sherlock's chest. He was shaking slightly, his hands dropping down to Sherlock's shoulders and resting there as he completely surrendered to his emotion and the moment. "You don't need the drugs, you need me." His voice was still soft and though it was a statement it was also a question, a question he didn't expect to be answered. "I'll do whatever it takes, Sherlock. Anything at all if it will keep you sober." He shuddered again, trying to even out his breath. "I'll quit the clinic, I'll stay home all day, you can tie me to the bed, I don't care. Just... No more heroin." Sherlock eyebrows knitted together in confusion. Why on earth he would have to tie John to a bed? He began to stroke the doctor's back, unsure if that was even the proper thing to do but knowing some people did that in order to comfort others.
"I don't have amnesia. We'll need a second opinion later... How did I fall anyway? I do remember falling but I don't know how it happened."
"Sorry, Master." Victor whispered, uncrossing his arms as he was told. Sherlock chuckled from the other end of the couch.
"He does sound happy, doesn't he?" Mycroft said softly. He closed the book and took Greg's hand in his own.
was why Sherlock loved him. He truly trusted him. It wasn't like everyone else claimed to trust him but really didn't. John honestly did. He didn't even question him. He just did it, like it came naturally to him.
"I don't but if you have chosen someone like Greg as your 'partner' it just shows you prefer things to be of a softer, gentler sort of way. Bridging the gap between a boldness when necessary but a subtler allure at first glance." John just rolled the deduction out onto the table and returned his attention to the menu. Mycroft looked slightly disgruntled.
"Marius, what would you like Christmas?" John asked curiously to cover up the slightly awkward moment for the brothers and Marius smiled shyly at his Uncle.
"My, my, Mr. Holmes is that a gun in your pocket or are you getting off on this?" Victor asked leaning towards him.
"I'll make the tea." John said softly, looking somewhere between amused and annoyed. "And some food since
"He superman, Daddy. He can hear anything." Marius insisted because that's what they had been pretending.
"He's important to you," He finally forced out in a tiny voice. He felt incredibly stupid but Sherlock was right, he'd shown his feelings, so now John needed to. "If you'd... If you'd rather..." He took another deep shaking breath and closed his eyes. "If you'd rather be with him or something I'll help you make it okay. I just... Need you safe." There he'd said it, the stupid childish feelings that were banging around his chest: jealousy, anger, hate, insecurity, all of it. "I just... Fuck this hurts." John grunted. Sherlock's eyes widened with hurt and surprise.
"You know already I won't, so shut up and do as I say Sherlock." John sighed and strode across the room to where his medical kit sat on the kitchen table. He rummaged noisily through it, tossing things on the floor as he did. "Damn it, where is it?" He sighed, muttering to himself. His face fully fixated on the task at hand. The tremors were gone, doctor mode fully engaged. He wouldn't let Sherlock see how much he hurt. No. Sherlock obviously didn't care. "And since you’re refusing to tell me how you’re feeling, let me put it to you this way, Sherlock.” He growled, turning back to look at him. Sherlock winced slightly as their eyes met. “You can either tell
"Stop." He ordered his voice was firm but he spoke softly. He wrapped his arms around John's waist and held him close. "Stop worrying about me right this instant John Watson. I'm fine." He insisted and right now he really was. The whole of his mind was focused on John. "It's okay to be like this because I'm here to take care of you." John looked up at Sherlock a bit confused, he hadn't expected Sherlock to volunteer to care for him like this. His words died in his throat and he just watched him for a long time before he finally spoke.
"Well it will be more difficult now, with a child." Mycroft sighed, he really didn't know how things were going to change. "We will make it work just as you and John have and will. But you have to let this go. Let those deaths be the reason you cherish every moment you can with Hamish and remind you of the reasons you have chosen this line of work." His voice was soft, not his normal snappish tone. It was a tone of comfort for his brother, his attempt to ease Sherlock's way.
did you see fit to tell my husband about these murders in order to try to provoke me into taking these cases?!" His voice was soft but dark, his eyes narrowing angrily. "Do not lie. He has been extremely sensitive lately which can only mean something has been weighing on his mind. You told him and somewhat recently. Within the last two months. So he's been feeling selfish for wanting me home and berating himself for it. Why would you do such a thing?!" He didn't raise his voice or grab Greg but it was clear he wanted to throttle him.
"Papa Myc! Come back!" Marius said eagerly, craning his little neck to see where Mycroft went. Alex held Victor's hand under the table, squeezing it reassuringly to let him know it was okay. Victor smiled softly, almost grinning when John's hand came to rest on his other one adding to the reassurance.
"Don't worry I'm not going to try anything with the children in the room." He whispered, a bit defensively. "And I sleep without my shirt most of the time. It has never bothered you before, so don't look so annoyed." He smirked before kissing his cheek once. "He doesn't find me praise worthy, Mycroft. He's just thankful because I was the only detective willing to listen him." He closed his eyes for a moment and sighed. "I use to be more confident than this, I'm sorry."
"I know, thank you, Myc'." Greg whispered, leaning up to press a few kisses to his neck. "I'll thank you properly later." He winked, teasing his lover.
He was in over his head and he didn't care. Whatever Sherlock did to him would be amazing. He didn't care what it was. He watched his lover with rapt attention enjoying the feeling that he was so into John he could completely ignore all of the horrible things that were likely trying to crowd his mind.
He offered me everything I wished for. I took all of it; I rendered it back to him; and in the years since, years of gift and return and gift again, have found myself in possession of such wealth as I could not dream of in the poor hungry days of Dr. G.M.A. Huche and Basingstoke.
“Oh, fuck off,” Sherlock said, keeping his eyes closed. “Talk talk talk talk talk. Why would I want to ask you any questions when I already know the answers?”
At last he felt, through his booted feet (but was he not lying in a tent, barefoot and naked?), the slightest of vibrations, like the roar of a distant tide; then the tide drew in, closer and closer, until the black earth rumbled beneath him. Until the earth seemed to rise and plunge like ocean. Surely, he thought, he ought to hide, but there was nowhere to hide; the dream trees had vanished and he stood exposed upon the plain. There were no colors in the moonlight.
This exchange had had its genesis twelve years prior, in the early spring of 1905. I have published only one case from the early years of this century, for in 1903 came the change in my relations with Holmes that I have already mentioned; afterward, try as I might, I found it impossible to write about him without there creeping into my prose a certain tone, revealing far more than was wise. This narrative will eventually find its way into the vault of Cox & Co., along with accounts of a few cases that may perhaps be found instructive or amusing at such time as Holmes and I are both beyond the reach of scandal or law.
To the pensioner whose dog had wandered off on Hampstead Heath the previous month and not been seen since: “Cricket isn't lonely or afraid.” (Cricket had found someone to take him in, or Cricket had been hit by a lorry. It was possible, Sherlock supposed, that Cricket had been taken in by someone who shouted at him and struck him, in which case he might well be lonely and afraid, but that was no lookout of Sherlock’s.)
“Was he queer? Or, you know, could he be? Given incentive.” Jim had stood again and was now beaming down at Sherlock.
But what he believes now is that Sherlock arranges to be caught watching him. Or that the puzzlement is real but is only what anyone with a mildly interesting pet might feel, seeing the pet, for cryptic reasons, grow less amenable.
Sherlock lays his hand flat along John’s sternum, to which he has easy access because this breakfast is taking place in bed, and which access he takes advantage of because John’s breast is solid and because Sherlock likes the valley between John’s pectorals, which are hairy to exactly the correct degree, in Sherlock’s opinion. The feeling of John being alive is also an excellent feeling. “I won’t steal it,” he promises. “But tell me anyway. Tell me about the house, just to try your memory. It’s good for your brain. You should do mental exercises, to keep your capacities youthful.”
of slow erosion. A surgeon will embark upon a swift and painful surgery that may kill the patient at once, if the operation offers the sole hope of saving him from a lingering death. “Wait here a moment,” I said, and pressed Holmes to me with a kiss; I hoped it was not a valediction.
He wakes at the thin end of the night, a week or so afterward: his chest heaving, his face wet. This happens sometimes. Rosie smacks her lips and then falls into deeper sleep again, so when John realizes that tremors like punches are running through him, he gets himself into his dressing gown and goes downstairs. The nightmare keeps its hold; partway down the stairs he has to pause and repeat assurances to himself. The reality had been bad, but not
The spirit world, clairaudience, feng shui, aromatherapy, crystals. Bach flower remedies, Reiki, ghosts, past lives, recovered memories . . . There was a species of nonsense for every kind of pain, and all he need do was choose the right nonsense and apply it.
The prints Sherlock studied now were bigger and crisper than the images he’d seen before, of course, but the extraordinary thing about them wasn’t their high technical quality, it was this: the photographer, who was also responsible for the objects depicted, might have cropped the pictures, or chosen her angle to show their subjects to maximum effect, but they had not been retouched and the objects really did exist.
There is a separate aviary, in sight of the large one but smaller and quieter, where newcomer birds may acclimate. The photograph of this aviary is accompanied by some brisk text explaining how carefully potential adopters are scrutinized.
Fourteen boulders. Rough oblongs and rough near-oblongs. The stone black against blue-green water streaked with egg-blue, below bird-blue sky. Land dropped away behind. The stones stood in equipoise, like dancers
As for the clients: information about how phony clairvoyants produced their effects was widely available — even Wikipedia had quite a serviceable article about cold reading; if people chose to remain ignorant of these facts, and to allow themselves to be misled, that was hardly Sherlock’s lookout.
of him; it’s a funny thing to realize I owe a sort of debt to him, for if he hadn’t had his way with me I might still be a lady’s maid. But you’re wondering whether I
They stare at each other. Another understanding bursts in on John. “Oh, Christ. I gave you such shit because you would never enroll in any of the migraine studies. I thought you were so selfish, not even willing to undergo an fMRI a couple of times a year, and you just thought you’d be carted off to a lab somewhere and never get out, didn’t you?”
," Greg said breathlessly with a chuckle because he knew damn well that Mycroft wasn't joking. He pulled away quickly and got out of the bed. "Where's the bag?" He asked and when Mycroft pointed toward the kitchen he quickly but quietly fetched it. He wasn't surprised to see Mycroft waiting by the stairs, expectantly. "Let's hope we don't wake anyone." He whispered as they crept up the stairs into Hamish's room but quickly moving into the bathroom, "Lock the door." He added quickly.
"Greg deserves better." John said with a smirk but he didn't really mean it. Mycroft could be alright, sometimes. John knew he was privileged to see a different side of both the Holmes brothers that the world didn't get to see. "I don't care what he thinks about us. Never have and I'm certainly not about to start caring now. But he needs to give you space."Sherlock nodded. He completely agreed with John. His brother seemed to have very poor timing when it came to his needs. When Sherlock needed him he was never there. Then when Sherlock didn't need him he was there smothering him with unwanted attention.
"Christ, I would have enjoyed that a lot more than dinner." Sherlock said his own voice thick with lust. "Please sir, the next time you get that urge don't be afraid to act on it." He whispered as he pressed his lips over John's and kissed him heatedly. "I belong to you now, Master." He whispered, his lips hovering over John's. "I never let him touch me the way you are right now. I never let him see me like this. He never got this close to me...only you." Sherlock took John's bottom lip into his mouth and sucked on it gently. John forgot he was the one in control for the moment and the two of them clashed in violent and deeply desirous kisses. When he finally pulled away his face was pleading one. "Please let me touch you a little lower? Please, Master?" John groaned and part of him said to give in and let Sherlock do the things he wanted. The part of his brain reeling from those hot kisses and boiling with desperate need, but that wasn't the right way to dominate. And he couldn't say for certain when Sherlock would ever let him do this again. He took a deep, slow breath to regain his composure. So he smirked and pulled Sherlock into a deep kiss before he stepped back.
“Oh! Will there be a rise in salary?” Testing the tightrope, testing — Jim glanced at him sidelong; had the rope just sagged? Sherlock winked at Jim:
“It makes no sense to destabilize a nation where so much laundered money is, literally and figuratively, banked.”
“It” was two first-floor rooms on Montague Street, above the shopfront where Sherlock was to ply his trade. The flat was furnished in the same style as the room where Sherlock had been kept two days before, neutrally tasteful, like the pied-à-terre a large corporation might keep for traveling executives. On the walls hung black-and-white “art” photos: a leaf, printed in high contrast to make the veins stand out; a nautilus, printed in high contrast to make the divisions in the shell stand out. They set Sherlock’s teeth on edge.
“So remember: String. Them. Along. And that’s it for today’s lesson! No knuckle-rapping this time, and I know how much you appreciate the forbearance.”
he thought, which was easier than thinking about how he had apparently brought a knife back with him from his dreams. He sat on the side of his bed in the morning light and studied the engraving on the black blade: a feather, worked in detail so fine he could make out the individual strands of down at the base of the quill. Suppose he had touched Sherlock’s black hair, would it have been as soft as the feathers on a raven’s breast?
John is clutching Sherlock’s arm as hard as he can, and biting his lip. Sherlock takes a worried look at him: John’s eyes are shining and he draws, if possible, closer to his friend.
even if his coordination wasn’t everything it could have been, and then the voice had abandoned piratical inflections in favor of a near-falsetto “Oopsy-daisy,” and then there was a car door opening, but why didn’t they leave him alone, and what about his gear? He twisted and, with some success, bucked — “Needs a top-up,” said the voice at his feet. A baritone like Sherlock’s own, so the rumble came right through the hands and into Sherlock’s ankles.
“To be fair,” Sherlock replies, “I did my best to conceal my origins. — It became apparent some time ago that I am less than adept at enacting social norms, but surely intimate conversations are generally conducted with the parties seated? If the parties are no longer lovers, of course; I appreciate that were matters otherwise, various physical configurations would be considered appropriate.”
John looks around. Sherlock found wallpaper exactly like the old wallpaper, and together they had made a new smiley face in the wall, but the coffee table has rounded corners, and the stairs up to his old bedroom are gated at foot and head. The rebuilt kitchen cabinets have locks. All this has been done with conscious purpose: Sherlock’s purpose. For the first time, John considers that he has been spending almost all his free hours at the task of restoring what, if anyone had asked him, he would have said was
That afternoon I took tea with Mycroft at the Diogenes Club. In the evening, I played the Nocturne through two or three times and was able to find it satisfactory.
He had trailed a red-scarfed woman no farther than Montague Place before a man in a safety-orange jacket appeared, heading west. Sherlock peeled off from Red Scarf to follow him; the jacket was like a lantern in the crowd. They were nearly at the Tottenham Court Road when it occurred to Sherlock that he was not following his plan of action, for several people wearing garments yellow at least in part had passed.
John Watson gave him a sidelong look. “Will Vernet,” he repeated, scoffing. “That would be your MI6 cover name, would it?”
So he had wondered then. He fetched the feather knife, the physician’s satchel, and the envelope that still held the serpent’s gift. One night remained till the new moon. Sherlock would die, and John would be left with a finely worked knife, a satchel of physician’s gear, and one black scale from a snake.
“And now you’re going to see what it’s like to put that cleverness to use. I’m making a bet. I’m giving you a little hit of your new drug, Will: making the marionettes dance. I think you’ll like it. Better than heroin. Better than
To stare out the window: how much? Not to stare at all: obviously an artifice, Sherlock thought, the way one might avoid looking at anything for which one's hunger was too sharp. He had not used to look at the strongbox where Wiggins kept his stock, for instance.
Animatio has been illegal for a hundred and seventy years. “It is no more,” William Wilberforce had said, “than a means to create slaves from stone when flesh and blood are free,” and the aftermath of human slavery’s abolition proved him, posthumously, right. Animate servants were something of a fad, for a time, till in 1845 public revulsion put an end to the making of more; the last one had — died — in 1886. You could go, if you liked, to the warehouse in Nottinghamshire that sheltered all their remains, piled willy-nilly like rubble, which of course they were. From time to time someone tried to gin up a movement to repurpose them for builders’ stone.
. That was his fault. John had forgotten to eat because he had been too busy taking care of him. "Go make yourself something to eat, now." He barked as an order. "I'm fine," He insisted as John turned to say something to him. He clutched his stomach as the room gave a violent lurch.
"Hm? Sure of course." Sherlock replied nonchalantly. He sat exactly where John had left him, but he was paler than he'd been. He had read Victor's last message but hadn't had time to reply. He was going to have to figure out how to get John out of the house tomorrow. How without it seeming suspicious? Sherlock forced a smile at John. "You should get in the shower first. Take a nice warm shower and get clean. I'll sit right here and watch you." He promised, John crossed his arms. That was suspicious to be sure.
"I'm going to use you to pleasure myself." He growled, kissing lower. He stroked Sherlock's cock hard. "Look at you, look how hard you are already. Tell me what you feel!" He barked.
"Though that comment about the riding crop was wholly indecent." He grinned and leaned in kissing Sherlock softly. "I knew after that meeting that my life was going to change and I was pretty sure that there was no way it could get worse. I was however completely unprepared for how much
"We can go slow. We can do whatever you want, I'll behave." Sherlock promised breathlessly as he wrapped an arm around him and ran his fingers through his hair. Begging John to keep going. "You have complete control over me, Captain Watson." He whispered in his ear. John shuddered slightly, moaning. He let Sherlock touch him for a few minutes, desperate for it, before his mind kicked back into gear. He smirked.
"Sherlock, don't even review the case. You'll be too tempted to check on it." John ordered as he stepped into the living room to gather Hamish's coat and gloves.
"No, stop it, Sherlock." John ordered and when Sherlock broke free of his grasp, he swore under his breath and in a rash decision he moved quickly pinning Sherlock to the bathroom floor, his hands above his head. "You listen to me, Sherlock Holmes. I didn't want you to know that I knew. That's why you could never see it. I am not completely unable to hide things from you. That doesn't mean you failed. It just means I was keeping something from you and it was wrong. " He leaned down and kissed Sherlock's lips a few times, quick but firm kisses. "You're the most amazing, brilliant man I have ever met and I love you. Please don't let this weigh on you like this." He begged.
"I've prepared myself for you, you said you wanted to ride me." He smirked. "Take what you need." He moved so his slicked fingers slipped inside John, teasing him as he pulled him down into another kiss. He was determined to make John take what he wanted. John, who was absolutely desperate, growled and yanked on Sherlock's hair.
That made it sound bad. John sighed softly and nuzzled into Sherlock more. Trying to let the nervous, jealous sort of clawing sensation that rose in his chest relax and stay off his face.
"I was waiting for you, pet. No one wants a man whose heart is hidden." He groaned softly. "Yes you may touch my head, face, neck, back, arms, and chest. But if you go any lower... I will punish you." He growled and Sherlock shivered at the promised pain. "You are
"I know you don't have much experience with boyfriends, Sherly but you really should tell him about me. I mean, you're supposed to if you
three words. Those simple three words meant so much to him. They filled his body with warmth and were still doing things to him that honestly scared him a little.
"Like shit." Victor sighed. "So am I being hauled off?" He moved closer to the bed but stopped short of actually sitting on it.
"Sherlock, stop right now or I'll start kissing you in front of all these people and embarrass you to no end. " John warned with a chuckle as he started to eat his own food.  He was focused on the scene before him, so much so that he almost jumped when Victor placed his hand on his thigh, but he didn't object to it. He looked over at him and smiled a shy soft smile, a tiny flush on his cheeks.
"Da Grinch!" Marius said eagerly, jumping up and down with excitement while he still held Hamish's hand.
"The idea was to make enough there would be leftovers to warm up the next day... In case Mum and Dad didn't show up." Sherlock forced out in as even a tone as he could muster, though both John and Greg noted how the Holmes' brothers' faces tightened. Bad memories there, then. John went to reply when his pocked buzzed, making him jump and Hamish grumble. He pulled out his phone and read the message.
"You think he's getting addict to John?" Greg quirked an eyebrow as he put the pieces together. "Which would mean he's getting addict to love..." He paused and a smile broke out over his face. "That's not a bad thing." He assured his boyfriend. "I think there's even a song or two about it." He added with a smile, trying to ease Mycroft's mind.
"Why must you kiss me there?" Sherlock asked but he wasn't complaining. He was actually giggling a little. "I'm really sensitive there and when you kiss me there..." He fumbled for a moment and then just gave in. "Oh, John, it's like I'm floating." He gasped, not even caring how idiotic that sounded because he wasn't thinking. He was just being. He didn't feel the need to stop and think about anything that was happening with John and it felt blissfully wonderful.
"Down." He said firmly, pushing his way out of Mycroft’s arms and crawling across the couch to Hamish. He wrapped his arms around him, something his Mummy told him to do if he ever saw anyone upset. "I sorry, I didn't want you to cwy." Hamish blushed a bit and wrapped his arms around Marius.
"I'm saying it's a strong possibility." Mycroft’s voice was tense and tight with emotion. The fact that Mycroft was even showing emotion worried and confused John all the more.
"Oh for Christ sake," John groaned softly. Those words just melted him when they came out of that mouth. He took John's body wash and poured some into his hands before beginning to wash him as he did. A thought popped in his head.
When Sherlock woke the next morning it was because there was someone banging on their bedroom door. Banging quite loudly in fact. Sherlock was still snuggled on top of John and quite comfortable. He didn't want to get up. He grunted and looked up towards the door, his curls a wild mess.
"Yes," John whispered as he burrowed in the blankets. "Would you please bring me the flu medicine from the bathroom? Maybe if I sleep a bit and take it I'll have more energy later. You only need two CCs, use the marks on the needle. Or just bring..." He trailed off, still talking but slipping into sleep, he shook himself awake a minute later. " Just bring it here..."
"More? Already? Okay, only if you're sure." Sherlock, grinned as he slid in a second finger. He thrust his fingers in and out of John, very slowly at first his own little way of teasing him. He was rewarded with tiny thrusts of John's hips and pure unadulterated physical responses.
"Sherlock!" John shouted against Victor's mouth as he did his best to push back and keep time with Sherlock's thrusts. He was going insane, the blood was boiling in his veins and he was on the edge of an orgasm that promised to utterly destroy him. "Me... Me either..." He panted clawing into Victor's sides gently as he worked, his mouth finding whatever bit of contact it could on his mouth, neck, and chest. He was utterly pinned between the two of them and he was going absolutely insane. Victor saw the look on Sherlock's face and leaned up just slightly, changing the angle at which Sherlock contacted John. The shift gave Sherlock just enough leverage to his
"He's okay Hamish. Just give him a minute." Mycroft said softly, shooting a very dark, threatening look at Victor who went rigid.
. That's a normal reaction; at least, it is to me." He rubbed his nose against John's, "You can mark me if you want. I'll let you. It doesn't even have to be a sexual thing. If you want I'll even get your name tattooed on me." Sherlock offered with a smile. "Victor always wanted us to get tattoos but I told him I would never scar my body like that. But I would for you. I can get your name on one of my fingers." He stretched his pinky finger in front of John's face, making it stand and bend over and over again. He was just trying to make John smile again. "Look, I think it'd look nice right here." He pointed to the inside of his finger with a grin. "I can see it now. You're name written in a nice font with black ink." John grinned in spite of himself at the way Sherlock kept flexing that finger. Sherlock kept wiggling his finger in John's face until he giggled and then he looked proud of himself.
"The door is and has been open." Mycroft motioned and John, shooting him another glare, turned to storm out.
"I worry about you every moment of every day, John." Sherlock whispered, pulling John more into his lap. "I always will, just like you worry about me. I will brood on this but not because I think it's my entire fault. Rather I'll do it because I want to make sure you never have to feel this sad again. You don't have to be anything other than you are, John... My John..." He whispered, carding his hands through John's hair. "I am okay and will be okay if you let these feelings out. But if you hold it all in, if you shove it all away I won't be okay..." He sighed softly, trying to figure out how to say what he meant properly. "I need to see you feel in order to learn how to feel myself, John. If you keep pushing your emotions away both of your boys will do the same. We all have to be honest about how we feel. Please, don't bottle this up... Tell me everything. Talk all night if you need to. I'm right here and I'm not leaving."
"Yes! My little Hobbit you're going adventure!" John said happily as he lifted Hamish into the air and placed him on his shoulders. "I suggest you take a shower to wake yourself up, darling." John hummed as he walked over to give Sherlock a gentle kiss. Of course, Hamish finding the entire thing gross pulled on John's hair to make him stop. "Mish! Don't do that." John giggled as he left the room to walk upstairs to their son's bedroom.
"Perhaps it is time they were?" He countered softly and both of them turned back to their activities, their faces tight from not showing some emotion.
"Fucking..." John gasped, sitting up slightly and then falling back against the bed. Sherlock was touching him, touching him
"I will," He whispered. His hand running through Victor's hair again. He shivered at the kiss and blushed furiously. He had never been kissed there by anyone else, it made him swallow hard. Well he'd have to mention that to Sherlock... That would be problematic. He nuzzled his nose in his hair, to hide his thoughts. "You do more for me than you know." He whispered again. "So much more."
"Fuck, John." He pushed all the way in, wrapping his arms around him and holding him tightly. "How does it feel?" He panted. Victor moaned once he felt Sherlock moving his hips, thrusting John into him more and more. "How does it feel, John? Is this better than what you dreamed?" John arched up, gasping and moaning. For a long moment he was nothing but growls, moans, and a long string of colorful profanities. Sherlock put a hand in his hair, making him arch his back against the detective's body and biting down firmly on his neck. He shoved his hips into John, shoving him harder into Victor and groaning as they both moaned loudly.
"Your Daddy said a bad word," Marius giggled and then without hesitation they were both giggling. John felt himself smile a bit as he answered.
"Is that why I can't have a puppy, because I'm getting a little brother or sister?!" He asked eagerly, his voice getting louder in his excitement.
"John, I feel the same way about you. I worry about you constantly but right now you really need focus on yourself." Sherlock whispered.
"I'm sorry." Greg cried into his shoulder. "I'm sorry. I should have told you but I didn't want you to worry."  Greg and Mycroft were so focused on each other they didn't hear the tiny footsteps approach the bed until they heard Marius speak up.
"I just feel bad for all the people who went to heaven because of me." Greg said quietly, watching as Marius turned his head looking at Greg curiously as if that didn't make any sense. Giving him another very Mycroft like look.
"I want ta learn." Marius said seriously rubbing his nose against Mycroft's. "I never been good at it." He admitted before crawling out of Mycroft's lap and sitting next to Hamish. "Teach me, Mish." He pleaded, tugging on his shirt sleeve. Greg moved, sitting closer to Mycroft and resting a hand on his shoulder.
"Oh... Oh, Sherlock." He whimpered, keeping himself from screaming as he bit into Sherlock's clothed shoulder. He released a muffled moan as he went over the edge, his body rocking with the much needed climax. Sherlock buried his face in John's chest, just barely keeping back the shout as he felt both of them release hard, his nails digging into the seat above John's head. He was panting and a mess.
John's mind was blank, empty and all he could think about was how desperately he needed this. His body ached with desire, having spent far too many nights alone in his room imagining what Sherlock would do with him. John's hands shook slightly as he undid his buttons, giving away how deeply affected he was.
"God..." John grit his teeth, moaning softly. "That would have just... I don't even know what that would have just..." He laughed. "And that's a risk I'm willing to take, out with it you."
"Thank you, Master." Sherlock said in a relieved sigh, he wanted to turn around as quickly as he possible could. But he forced himself to move slowly, to enjoy the feeling of John telling him what to do in that very commanding voice. His breath froze in his chest as he finally turned to behold John standing there in that uniform. He let out a gasp. "Oh, Sir, you look amazing." He said in a breathless voice. It was almost exactly as Sherlock pictured he would look but something about the way he held himself was something Sherlock could never have imagined. He almost reached out to touch John, to take in the tactile feel of that cloth on his body but he stopped himself because that was not something a submissive would do. "May I touch you?" He asked hopefully, his eyes betraying how desperately he wanted to. "Please?" He said, sounding eager.
"It's alright Sherlock." He whispered softly, leaning forward and claiming his lips in a deeply passionate but gentle kiss. A kiss that was both reassuring and just a bit dominating, as if John was reinforcing that those lips belonged to him. "It doesn't sound as if you kissed him back and either way I know your heart is mine. A kiss is a kiss, it's not like you had sex with him." The hand on Sherlock's cheek wound its way back into those dark locks, flowing through them easily and reassuringly. "You are so very stressed and anxious... It's okay Sherlock. I love you. I'm not going anywhere. Ever." He tried to make the words firm, reassuring. Sherlock relaxed a bit glad that the kiss wasn't going to ruin anything. He was so utterly lost on the way relationships worked. But John was right he hadn't kissed Victor back. It had been quick and Sherlock didn't even think of kissing him back.
"You have to have pixie dust which is very hard to come by but you two are lucky because I met a fairy once and she was very nice and gave me this lovely little jar full of the stuff." He stood. "You boys close your eyes." He ordered and Marius hugged Hamish close and Greg sprinkled pretend fairy dust on them. "Okay, it's done. Now all you have to is think happy thoughts and you can fly." He promised. Hamish started giggling, jumping on the bed as he did.
"B-But it wasn't your fault." Sherlock whispered but he stopped talking about it as soon John began talking about how his touch affected him. "I like when you touch me," Sherlock said softly, closing his eyes once he felt John's hands in his hair. "I-I can't even begin to explain what you do to me John, it confuses me but I know I enjoy it." John blushed and licked his lips softly at that revelation.
"Perhaps I am saying you are." Mycroft tilted his head slightly, raising his eyebrows. A small smirk toying at the corners of both of their mouths.
"You can go to sleep when I'm near you, you told me that before. Which means your mind goes quiet sometimes when I'm close to you." John was still panting and still terrified of what would happen if he couldn't get Sherlock to fully accept his help. He dropped to his knees, holding Sherlock's face in his hands and making Sherlock look him in the eyes. "You focus on me when you need silence, when you need space... Don't think I haven't seen it..." His voice was almost pleading. "Doesn't that mean that maybe I can help?" His face betrayed his emotion clearly. It screamed
Hamish hummed happily playing with the ends of Sherlock's scarf as he watched his fathers interact. John handed the phone back over to Sherlock with a proud smirk on his face before it softened as he watched Hamish.
"Yes, I do." He whispered, trying to keep himself calm and focused. The feel of Sherlock's hands on his skin felt like it was leaving behind trails of electric. He held himself as steady as he could trying to be a good submissive.
"Has everything always been that way?" John asked softly, turning to pull Sherlock against his chest and letting the soft massage drift down to Sherlock's shoulders. Pressing the detective against his chest as they half reclined together on the couch.
"I'll pay to get you a new one." He muttered sounding embarrassed, he looked back and saw the exasperated look on John's face. "Mycroft wouldn't stop sending you messages about how I was becoming a danger to you, so I sort of... Lost my temper and threw it at the wall. Sorry." Greg gave a chuckle from outside and Sherlock gave a huff. "Go make tea, Greg. John's throat is sore." He ordered, not wanting to have Greg's judgment coming down on him now as well. Greg went to reply but John cut him off.
He motioned to the cuppa near Sherlock. He was still fighting the waves of emotion trying to break free, the things trying to show on his face as his heart ached. The most important thing was for him not to cry, not to let out more of those God damned tears that he was so utterly connected to and deeply terrified of. Sherlock would never truly appreciate what he had done to John, not the sentiment of it. But Sherlock was trying to understand, he was trying to figure out why John would be willing to stay here and help him like this. Even with most of his brain active again it did not make any sort of logical sense. He didn’t deserve kindness from John, not judging by the emotion he was struggling against. As the blanket warmed up his shivering eased and he felt a bit calmer. He was still curled up like a child, however, the only shift he made was to fully change his position so he could face out into the flat - to face John. He turned his eyes to the floor though, unable to look at him. He didn’t want to. He didn’t want to see all those unspoken things that were flying around the room and sparked in his eyes when their gazes met.
"How are we doing in here?" Greg asked, coming back into the room holding Marius with one arm and a plate full of biscuits with the other.
"Goodnight," Sherlock yawned and nuzzled his face into Victor chest, sighing softly to himself. The things Victor got them into sometimes. They were mad but he didn't care, he liked his company. He loved being around Victor, he was his best friend. He thought about the fact they were dating and sighed again. Maybe it was wrong to be with him that way when he really didn't love him romantically, but he did love him... In a way. Just not the way Victor wanted him to. "See you in the morning." He added before he finally drifted off to sleep.
"Oh, oh, Master, thank you." He whispered weakly, kissing his shoulder very gently. "Thank you."  Mycroft grunted and panted trying to catch his breath. He fell over against the wall, holding them up with shaking arms and gently pressing kisses over Greg's marks and kiss bruised lips.
The toast popped but John didn't seem to come aware of it immediately. Mycroft stood and swept into the kitchen.
"Hamish, did you know that you Daddy loves Christmas more than any other holiday?" Sherlock asked softly to distract him.
"Sherlock Holmes if you do not eat your breakfast I shall be forced to make you eat." Mycroft said quietly, just the hint of a smirk in his voice. Sherlock simply glared at him, raising his own eyebrow as he did. John and Greg looked ready to intervene but were caught off guard by a sudden flurry of movement which ended with Mycroft deftly tilting Sherlock's chair so far back his feet couldn't reach the floor and shoving a forkful of pancake into his surprised mouth. Mycroft smirked as Sherlock coughed and sputtered. "You may be older and taller, however brother mine, I shall always be faster." He grinned triumpantly as Sherlock swallowed and he righted his chair, however as Sherlock was settling down he swiped his finger full of the pastry cream and smeared it straight across Mycroft's cheek and nose. There was a tense moment where no one in the room dared to breathe.
When Sherlock woke several hours later, just after daybreak his arms were wrapped around someone. He smiled and hugged that warm body more tightly to himself, his smile bursting into a full grin.
"Sherlock, I..." His breath hitched again, making him pant. He sat down softly on the bed before cradling the detective's chin with two fingers. Sherlock's eyes were clearly reading him as he searched his eyes for a long time, trying to steel himself to do what he needed to do. "I will lay here with you." He whispered, but his hand didn't leave Sherlock's chin making him keep his eyes fixed on John's. Sherlock watched completely transfixed as John's face changed moment by moment as he fixed his resolve to do something that Sherlock couldn't make out. "There's something I want to say to you, but I'm scared it will upset you. I'm scared of what it will mean especially because I don't know if I can let myself feel it if you're going to keep using, but it's killing me to keep it bottled inside
"I'll be fine." John pouted, claiming Sherlock's mouth for another kiss even as Sherlock pushed him towards the bed.
"Pretending is hard." Mycroft conceded as he pulled Marius into his lap, putting his forehead against the boys'. "It's hard to pretend that things are magical or different when things are so tough all around you. Isn't it? When you know how hard things are for Mum and Dad." He held the boy tightly, protectively. Greg and Hamish both watched in a bit of awe as Mycroft so easily consoled and spoke with Marius. Marius who was nodding sadly as Mycroft spoke, his little arms wrapped around Mycroft's neck. "You're wonderful Marius and pretending or not pretending is all okay. Hamish can teach you how to pretend if you want and if you don't you don't have to." He promised and Marius blinked away a tear, Greg did too looking out the window for a moment.
"God yes," he groaned as Sherlock pulled up slightly. "Yes... Master." He flushed bright red, averting his eyes.
"I made Uncle Mycroft sparkly! He's pretty now." Hamish giggled and Sherlock bit down on his lip hard, he might be cracking his ribs from trying not to laugh.
"I told you, I'm not leaving the flat for work. I'll review what you have an offer an opinion but I need time with my family."
"Oh God, yes." Sherlock whispered in his ear, leaning over so John could clearly hear and feel the desire in his tone.
"You should want to leave," Sherlock snapped, his tone flat and emotionless. He tried to pull his wrist away from John but only because his grip was starting to hurt. "I betrayed you. I lied to you countless times. You should want to leave and never come back, John." His voice was strained as he tried to pull his hand back. John’s eyes met Sherlock’s. "John," He almost whimpered, looking at his (
"John!" Sherlock shouted with panic as he hurried to catch his stubborn love. "Stop worrying about me right this instant." He ordered harshly as he took a deep breath and lifted John into his arms. "Shit," He hissed when his head gave painful throb. "It's okay, John, I've got you." He assured him as he hurried him into the bedroom. He lay him in the bed before picking up the heating blanket and turning up as high as it would go. "Christ, you're freezing." He muttered before wrapping it around him. The initial terror subsided some but the fear was still there. John's lack of attention to himself could result in him progressing to pneumonia which would require him going to the hospital. Sherlock climbed into the bed next to him, wrapping the covers around them and hugging John tightly to himself. "Don't you
, his eyes warned. Greg swallowed hard and slowly lowered them to the floor and looked up at Mycroft's eyes.
"Oh my poor, Watson." He breathed with a frown, his hand gently fluttering up over John's back. "You're still so tired and trying to be so strong." He whispered the words, not trying to wake him. Greg smirked at the tenderness Sherlock was betraying and Mycroft simply watched silently. Without thinking twice about it Sherlock stood and lifted John into his arms. It rather hurt to do it, but he forced the dull aching of his own bones out of his mind to be dealt with later. John needed him right now. "If you two would excuse me I have a sick doctor to take care of." He said firmly and left with John, taking him off to the bedroom and laying him down gently. Mycroft sighed and finished eating. Enjoying a moment with Greg while they did. He then cleared everything up and walked out with Greg.
"You know better than to jump on someone like that, Hamish. I got hurt helping Marius and you hit me where I got hurt."
"I am. I don't want to leave you and Daddy, but I can't let any more children get hurt. Please forgive me..." He whispered and Hamish smiled a little.
"I can't pretend. It too silly." Mycroft walked in just at that moment and something in his face tightened. How much Marius was like he had been as a child.
here." He growled and without any warning he pushed John onto his back and locked their lips together in a heated kiss. His hand gripping John's erection through his trousers.  "You're mine. You're my toy and you're going to behave in front of our delicious guest." He ordered, hissing into his ear before he nibbled on it. John groaned and just dissolved under Sherlock's grip. He moaned and whimpered as Sherlock's voice took on his commanding tone. He didn't even move just whimpering and moaning as Sherlock asserted his dominance over him.
"You're just trying to get me as far away from Victor as possible," Sherlock told his brother simply. He took a bite of his food and shook his head when Mycroft started to say that wasn't the case. "Don't lie, Mycroft. I know you. You don't even like the fact that Victor knows where we live. But you need to relax. Victor has never hurt me... Well never hurt me physically anyway and I doubt he would start now. John and I are perfectly happy and safe at Baker Street." Mycroft looked somewhat furious.
Everything John was saying to him was getting jumbled up in his mind. This is what John did to him, he made things confusing and it was wonderful.
"I uh... I didn't... Uhm..." He was smiling like an idiot but completely lost for words. He laughed at himself which caused another coughing fit. "I didn't think you'd..."
"Do you need help?" John asked Sherlock carefully. He moved closer to Sherlock, gently moving his hand to his forearm. He could see something was wrong with Sherlock. Very wrong. "I need a shower anyway, can we take one together?" He whispered in his ear hopefully. John honestly felt leaving Sherlock alone was a bad idea right now, the look on his face was enough to confirm John’s suspicions that Sherlock was in a dangerous place. Sherlock was tense and his eyes flashed as he seemed to realize something. He fixed Greg with a stare that would incinerate, taking John by surprise. Mycroft looked mildly alarmed by that stare but focused on Greg.
