It took John only a moment to recognise what the harness was for. He felt his stomach drop out from under him in awe as Andy a moment later mounted his dragon, leg swinging over her serpentine side. The harness, a flight seat- had a bright red cross painted on its front.
Sherlock's rather unamused rumble however startled John from his reverie.
The rumbling voice cut him off, and neither of the boys noticed Mrs. Hudson quietly excusing herself from the room. Sherlock was quivering in place, knuckles tightened about the edge of the shelf until they
Sherlock, For a moment, his legs had wobbled beneath him. His suit felt all at once too heavy, the air too thick. He leaned against the nearest wall for support, his head falling into his hands.
, to look the part and not
His hand touched the water, but it didn’t go through. Instead, John felt as if he were touching glass. His vision faded, washed out with white. He’d never been very good at heeding anyone’s warnings not to dive in head-first.
him? Of all people? Really?
despite the fact that he had so far done nothing to deserve it.
Not waiting for an invitation, Sherlock rose, crossing the room to drag John bodily over to the edge of the bed. In a tumble of limbs and blanket, his
John jerked, trying to stand in a rush and forgetting that he was being held in place. The chains binding him rattled loudly, pulling taught as he swiftly fell to his knees with a cry. Pain lanced up his shoulder, fiery where it was normally forgotten, and the young man swallowed a low groan as he swayed.
Yet it didn't matter. Sherlock tried not to rub at the chafed skin, instead standing his ground perilously in the frame of the door.
“The Holmes are different. Sherlock and Mycroft at least, as far as I know. Both have experienced human suffering, and are closer to humans than either of them are willing to admit. I know, shocker for when you think of Mycroft.” Greg smiled again, but this time it was tinged in sadness. “Not all of the Spirit’s escorts that you meet will have had happy lives, is what I’m saying. Most have found a harmony with their Spirit, as inevitably you have to in order to survive for long, but the reality is that many were taken and given very little choice in their taking. Be cautious who you make friends with at the Moon Ball. Sherlock has to act like a God, but many people know his heart is softer than it looks.” The unspoken reason murmured in the back of John’s mind- most would know about
Mary Morstan’s smile returned, a slow and curling thing. She reached out with her chopsticks, spearing another helping of beef.
Sherlock nodded, though his eyes were hooded with a vague discomfort as he admitted
It was a woman’s bedroom. This was the first thing John noticed, taking in the sheet-covered vanity in one corner and the soft, floral curtains that trembled under the storm. The room smelled musty, but not entirely unpleasant. There was an undertone of perfume that hadn’t seemed to leave despite the room’s obvious neglect.
Fear, crawling over her skin and tightening around her throat like a metal band, pulling a noose that constricted her breathing and made everything burn
Something had gone wrong.
Had it been even ten years ago, he might have been utterly disgusted with himself. As it was, he was oddly, meekly proud.
was wrong. He just wanted his hands to stop quivering, wanted his voice to stop sounding so absurdly high in his own ears.
He licked his lips in excitement, a familiar boiling sensation rippling deep in his blood. Excitement. Lust. Adrenaline. All of it filled him to create a glowing heat like none other deep inside the man's chest. Something dark and alluring. Depressing thoughts were pushed aside as he quickly drew a schema in his head of the outfit he'd buy before he'd arrive at his destination.
He could feel the claws loosen some more.
This, so close to a posting, this was trust, and the Dragon marveled at the lengths that the wonderful, foolish,
Strangely enough, that simple promise seemed to let the dragon relax, finally breaking his dam of silence to cry quietly relieved tears against the shell of the egg. His tears left streaks of cleanliness through the dirt smearing his face.
“It’s working, then.” He murmured, and with Daniel’s slow nod Sherlock felt an overwhelming amount of relief mixed with a strange pang of something else. He looked at the soldier’s face, the lines of John’s eyes so familiar, now drawn in resignation.
As John turned to go and fetch Molly from her outside sentry duty so that he might shower and go to bed, the army doctor couldn’t help but pause. He wondered to himself if Xavi had a mate, had once had brothers and sisters. If he could remember his own mother. Yet that was not in the end what he stopped to ask.
“I can’t… Even if I
Merry Christmas!!! :D and happy holidays and a happy new year!!!
Someday hopefully, more than that.
He ignored the familiar twisting sensation in his gut, instead opting to eavesdrop on the speaking below.
Mycroft entered his brother’s realm on the eve of their hunting night, the tap of his faithful parasol warning the younger Incubus of his impending arrival long before his brother actually took corporeal form. Sherlock had laid himself out on the single piece of furniture that inhabited the room that was otherwise filled with clutter; a pale figure that was both ethereal and dead-looking when absolutely still. He would look like a corpse to any human eye, but Mycroft’s sharper vision could see the barest rise of his brother’s chest, the minute shivering of the massive wings that stretched out lazily from Sherlock’s back like twin sails enshrouding him. A figure made of darkest shadow and alabaster skin, the Incubus bothered to open only one eye, lazily reaching out one hand to gesture at his brother in a shooing motion.
She loved John Watson. Sherlock Holmes loved John Watson. Tanzanite loved John and Citrine and whatever form her companion chose to take. John loved Sherlock… but did he love Tanzanite?
“Of course I am!” John snapped, eyebrows rising in disbelief. He pulled out of Sherlock’s grasp with a scowl of indignation, voice rising slightly but still maintaining itself below a shout.
The sightlessness was always difficult to get used to, when she borrowed her Dragon’s vision. Being able to see was a power she could seldom wield, and it always made her feel frustratingly enough like she was lacking in some way afterwards. She knew it wasn’t true, and as the thought registered, Ryuk sleepily butted his head against her arm. Rania stroked the top of his crest, lost in memories of when the world had gone dark for her. Lost in a time when her palace had burned, and she had been forced to watch the death of her family before her sight was stolen from her. It was times like this that she knew she wasn’t a child, that she felt the hundred years that Ryuk had given her, and resented it.
in truth, and their friends seemed to share their sentiments. Molly, Lestrade, Mike Stamford and Mrs Hudson among others had all sent their affections and get-well cards, Greg’s making John’s face twist into a weak laugh that had been like the sun peeking out through grey cloud. It had made Sherlock’s heart lift a little, as the past few days his friend had done little more than fuss over him.
And Sherlock's throat bobbed in a nervous swallow, his face uncharacteristically
could have even
It was apparently noticed, because a low chuckle rumbled from the Gem’s lips. He stopped his countdown for a moment, musing in interest.
a plan of action,
child desperately trying to
The soldier asked, mystified at the seemingly cryptic question. He was positive that this time the Dragon
“I need to stop who?”
. :) without her, I'd likely drown in spelling errors XD
For a moment, the Selkie didn’t reply, and John thought to himself that he had managed to ruin the moment after all. Yet after a second of thought, a humming sound filled the air, and John found himself smiling in surprised delight as the lyrics of the song were something recognisable. It seemed as if Sherlock did listen to the radio songs, he sometimes turned on, even if he acted as if they were distasteful.
Mycroft did his best, but in truth he thought it a relief when he learned that another child could soon have a chance to hold the throne. He’d never been great with people (and wandering around without clothing was strangely freeing to a nine-year-old).
John took in the dust-covered floor, his bare feet making imprints as if it were snow. He crept in slowly, half expecting to see some madwoman leap out from behind the wardrobe or some such thing. When no such thing happened, he entered with a little more confidence. John craned his head, searching instead for something, anything that could have made a melody.
“And? From what I’ve learned at least, you’ve refused to visit for years now. You can do that now, you know. I wouldn’t blame you, given your history.”
tell me last night didn't happen.....
for her lovely work!
In the end, she had been what had drew him to the table.
“You think it’s a Gem made originally from the war, then. One that emerged late from the Earth.”
“What happened?”
be giving Sherlock more angry energy to justify his bitterness, his defiance.
and Sherlock but a
It was nearly seven moons before Mycroft went to find Sherlock.  The barriers between the human world and their own had once again fully closed, sealing off the two worlds as separate, conjoined no longer. The steady tap of the Incubus’ parasol was like a stone thrown into a lake, a ripple in Sherlock’s thoughts even as he lay prone and still, splayed out as he was on the cold stone floor of the Bone Room. None of his creations dared bother him, and they rattled in greeting towards the elder Holmes even as they nervously whispered amongst themselves. Their master was not the same. Something was wrong with their sire. They chattered with one another, creating a cacophony much like the chirping of birds. It was silenced only by the pointed clearing of Mycroft’s throat, as Sherlock opened his eyes in acknowledgement of his presence a distant age after his arrival.
Sherlock was
Sarah felt like she was going to begin hyperventilating, suddenly feeling as though she was staring down a tiger, poised to lunge for her throat. Yet as soon as the moment happened, it was gone.
“I could end up hurting you.”
That realised, the boy for a moment heard his grandma's voice, whispering to him as a song in the back of his mind. Niggling away.
“Can we fix it?”
because of him. Stubbornly, John set his jaw. If they didn't want him around, then he wouldn't force himself onto them. Anger rumbled in his stomach, he wanted them to miss him, wanted them to see he was something to be worth having! The little boy still felt guilt though, mixed with something hot and painful and acidic in the back of his throat. He wanted to go home... but he could not go home.
“The king and queen at the top of the Great North Mountain, and soon gave birth to two sons. It was a time of celebration; every Dragon was glad that the line was secure.”
Lying there dazed for but a moment, Shyla suddenly felt as if she were rather horrifically underdressed- and that was a new sensation when sex was on the table. She hadn’t shaved her legs in months, or her underarms for that matter. No make-up to speak of, or pretty underwear. The thought sent a feeling of mild mortification through her, though not the kind that came when feeling out of place with one’s gender identity. It was more the kind of humiliation most women tended to feel when they were not particularly put together, and with Shyla it was made worse by the fact that this was John and John
so much nicer than Afghanistan, Sneak concluded as he inhaled deeply a large breath of fresh air, whistling to himself a chipper tune. His hands were in the pockets of his jacket, but they twitched with anticipation as his sharp eyes looked about for a tube line to take. It didn't look like there were any exactly nearby, and he sighed a very much put-upon noise as he realised he'd have to use some of the money that was sitting in John's wallet. Though he personally had no qualms about using a couple of quid to get by, he knew with certainty that already Daniel was watching him closely. Though the other personality couldn't kick Sneak out of control when he was serious about being let out, he'd make the man's life a living hell if he did anything to make John's life harder for him. As it was Sneak knew for a fact he'd be unimpressed with him for so casually ditching Sherlock Holmes, even if Daniel didn't trust the detective as far as he could throw him. He walked to the corner of the rain-muddled street, raising a hand to hail a cab even as he looked at the clothes he wore with mild distaste.
“There are… Doctors. Specialists that can… make your desired appearance, your identity...More of a reality.”
blame him? I don't much about his previous Masters, but Sherlock's not one to do something without provocation-”
Making his way upstairs, Sherlock resolved from that point on to never leave.
“We belong in the past, but we like the present.”
before the crash. For a moment, Sherlock watched in fascination as vague recognition filled John's eyes as his gaze slid towards the detective, like a window
Breaking away from John, Shyla sat up so quickly that she very nearly overbalanced, arms spreading out on either side of her before her gangly legs caught up. Like a cat targeting a mouse, the detective was now determined, a set goal in mind. Whirling upon John, she crushed her lips to her companion’s own, a manic kind of energy filling her as breathlessly she murmured “Give me an hour.” Before tearing off down towards her room, leaving behind a rather confused, and terribly turned on, John Watson. The army doctor listened to the thrum of his own heartbeat, feeling as exhilarated as he did when he was after the detective for chasing down seasoned killers.
This chapter was edited by the lovely Tpurr, and I thank her for it.
John listened to the story, feeling a tight sadness squeeze in his chest. His voice was hushed.
sorry this took so long ^.^''
As always many thanks to my lovely beta TPurr!
And his grandma leaned forward, hands folded in her lap as her teeth flashed brightly in a grin.
He told himself this even as his leg twinged his pain as he descended down the stairs of the deck, and his left hand trembled minutely at his side.
John sat in that empty room that day curled up and tense, wracking his brains and trying to figure out a way in which he could simultaneously plead Sherlock for forgiveness and yet knee him where it’d count. Between these musings anxiety clawed deep into his very soul, terror over the future of his people and his family leaving him in a loop of panic and sick fury. How could someone be so selfish? So unbelievably cruel in their judgement? Punish him, sure. John had almost expected that, and though it would have been unpleasant he would have coped, somehow. This made him want to scream, to curl his hands into his hair and tug, until bits of short blonde fibers came away with his fingers.
However even the strongest scent of tea-tree oil or stress couldn't mask the warm smell of chocolate biscuits set to bake as John looked about anxiously for Mrs. Hudson, trying to catch a glimpse of the old woman in hopes that she hadn't been eaten. Fortunately, he caught the last dying note of her chirpy voice singing a melody, his shoulders relaxing as he noted with some surprise that the door to his flat was open. Listening for any sign of danger (namely, one severely pissed off Dragon) John cautiously approached closer.
The man said.
sorry this took so long.... Final projects are now all in ^.^'' so expect more updates soon :)
he whistled low, the sound muted by the wind. “This is…This…” He trailed off, apparently unable to articulate much past swear words and amazement. Greg looked at Mycroft, his cheeks flushed in wonder. “You
in unison when they went to battle, hadn't been aware how his
Marley spoke the orders, translating them for Kabir and the others. The old man nodded agreeably at whatever was said, turning to speak to the villagers behind him. As one, John saw the mass of survivors amalgamate, separating themselves from the Dragon that still knelt clutching its egg to its chest.
John felt his throat constrict in panic. No.
” The teen sucked in a breath then, surprised by how the statement of that seemed to loosen the tightness in their chest. It was the first time they'd admitted it aloud, even to themselves that they were
one, but that wasn't exactly the
to get to somewhere, and Sally occasionally tried to drown him (playfully, of course). Sherlock appeared to think some more, his hands finally clapping together at reaching a conclusion.
Something to
It's frightening, but it's at the same time fascinating.
“You say that as if you have much choice,” Sherlock mused, flexing his grip about the man’s wrists as if to make his point. Dark brows furrowed in thought, as if fascinated by John’s struggles. “You’re quite a feisty little thing, given your overall height and situation.” One free hand, long and spidery came up to trace along John’s jaw, hovering just above his carotid. “Where do you get your motivation from, I wonder?”
“What do you think?”
the Dragon's eyes narrowing in a way that made Murray shake his head minutely.
Xavi was currently in the stage that newest mothers entered, the one that Molly privately called ‘roosting’. This meant that everything in the Dragon’s flat had been baby-proofed, and that Nalini could often be found nested in some kind of pile of blankets or pillows. Xavi himself couldn’t be more proud or relieved to be staying in London. He talked about the new things he was experiencing in the country ceaselessly, and was always willing to go somewhere new. It was novel to him, and Molly found it a welcome distraction to play host to the world she’d grown up in.
“Now, Sherlock. When have I
Sherlock took him to a restaurant called
“…I think; I mean I hope… I want to love him, y’know? It’s just… hard when the choice was taken from me. From him.”
“I promised to care for him. I won't let you. If you want him, you'll have to shoot me too.”
“I know.” Dodge said simply. It was such an easy admission that for a moment the young soldier paused, blinking in confusion and surprise. John scrambled to find some flaw in the statement, but his rage was quickly melting away in exasperation and befuddlement. He
Strangely numb.
everything that came with
“We got you in trouble.”
of being brave.
A sound of nausea came from the back of the man's throat, and he clapped a hand over his mouth and rose as if to check the bruises already beginning to form around the detective's neck. However in the next moment John drew away, spinning around to grab from under his bed a ragged rucksack. Sherlock was still dizzy, and it took him a moment to stop gasping and rise to his feet. Even as he did, the world tilted and swayed dangerously. Like a boat
For all he knew, Sherlock was unable to respond in the way Irene wanted them to, Tanzanite not a Gem prone to such feelings.
He muttered in a sort of reverent tone, and John's inner thoughts matched it as he looked at the pod before him. He had never seen a wild animal up close before, at least not one that wasn't strictly place bound. Sure, he had caught glimpses of red-tailed foxes at sunset and peeked at a few squirrels and rabbits, but never had he seen something that looked quite so…
For a second, the kitchen fell to silence. The sound of Sherlock's own panting, heaving chest, of Mycroft's quiet moan of pain sounded heavily in the air. Everything was too hot, Sherlock's binder clung to him like a second skin, sweat pooled at the jut of his collar-bones. His heart felt like it was fit to burst outside of his skin, consume him in wet blood and hot fire. He did not dare turn around, could not bear to see what he might find. Instead Sherlock stared, feeling hot tears burning traitorously in his eyes. His voice was a quiet and rasping hiss.
of hot coals, a small cry coming from his parted lips. Before Sherlock could completely comprehend the abrupt change, his
“I am
“Please, wait. Before you go,” Sherlock said hastily, mind scrambling for one last answer to his question.
going to be for waffles. I
Thanks to the lovely beta of this chapter neverwhere for helping me out! :3
Her voice was absent. Lost in memories from far away. She seemed to tuck herself inwards, make herself even smaller. John was a ball, a hunched figure. Blue spoke as if she was adrift in an endless, yawning sea.
When John turned, he caught the silhouette of Mary Morstan looking shyly up at him from the veil of her brightly coloured fan. And though his sister was a headache in both the figurative and apparently literal sense, she
Sherlock discovered in his teen years he did not usually feel the need to pack. The act of stuffing a sock or something else vaguely shaped like a phallus not only seemed humiliating but unecessary- especially since he made it a habit to never find himself stuck in a place that would require he pee in public. His genitals in general did not bother him, nor was he particularly affectionate towards their uses. They simply... existed, not particularly useful but not completely abhorrent either, and that did not change much as time went on.
A voice whispered in his ear, so soft that it was scarcely heard.
The Selkie dove into the sea, once more a creature of dark fur and fins just as the sun crested the sky. It bathed the sand rich orange-gold and turned the water beneath it into liquid fire, casting its light upon the cove with warm fingers.
“Hello Sh'lck.” The girl mumbled almost shyly under her breath, John's dark blue eyes peering up at him hesitantly, lips pressed in a tight line. Sherlock knew the growl that wanted to erupt from his mouth would not help, but he found himself snarling anyway, head whipping up to glare at Mycroft even as his eyes flashed coldly.
For now though he could wait, caught up in the warmth of the compact body that lay on top of him, absorbed in memorizing the brutal, savage lines of the scar that had brought John to him, a veritable hand-grenade of a man that completely rearranged his existence.
Soon, however, they came to the cove, and both forgot safety once more as they were granted the sight of something awe-inspiring as they hoisted themselves to the top of the rock face.
In the back seat of the car, Mycroft watched as his sister seemed to curl in on herself, only falling silent to instead shake apart with quiet despair. The sight made the elder Holmes’ hands clench for a moment on the steering wheel, white-knuckled.
*****
Yet Shyla… she was always stirring up trouble it seemed. He didn’t like to think that this might be a rather underhanded cry for attention, but truth be told it wouldn’t have surprised him much. She was constantly blowing up things, lying to people and even once when she had been younger she’d gone to a police investigation, accusing the police of “bad investigating” and claiming that some child had been murdered instead of drowned.
“I'll protect them. If that's what you called me here for, you don't even have to ask. I'll protect... I love them, both. Already. Already... I love them both.”
It made the take-down so much better in the end.
The man in the orange coat laughed at that in disbelief, eyebrows arched in surprise.
John subtly pushed the sugar bowl closer towards Lestrade, even as he voiced aloud questions of his own.
Then neither of them can contain their laughter, and the only thing that makes John bite the inside of his cheek savagely to quell the giggles is Seargeant Donovan's glare.
felt the urge to do anything as extreme as Sherlock had taken to doing. It was automatic, one last tie to Mummy Holmes that the detective hated as much as fell back on.
Their flat was very much as it had been before they left, though Mrs Hudson’s fluttering about certainly meant that it was a tad cleaner. Sherlock politely put up with the fussing for a while, but as the hours went on it was clear that John was beginning to flag under the stimulation. The army doctor was slumped into his chair, and there were dark circles under his eyes that made the detective suspect that John had pretended to sleep more often than not while in the hospital. Finally Sherlock managed to herd their landlady towards the door, not unkindly waving her off until she finally patted his cheek and went away.
very much, and I will not bend to your rules just because you’re not used to someone telling you no.”
And that statement alone raised fifty more questions in the Detective's mind, and Daniel got he sudden feeling that they would probably need a few more pots of tea before this conversation would be finished.
Part of the detective hoped it wasn't such a long shot. The rest of him gathered himself, changing the subject to happier topics. His voice put on a false cheeriness.
So, ignoring his friend's protests and growled insults (the likes of which were so colourful they made Bill's eyebrows rise in amusement and Rin smirk from behind the veil of her hair) John dragged Sherlock to the nurse, attempting to find some way in which he could avoid having his partner continually on the precipice of heatstroke.
Sherlock didn't quite have it in his heart to deny that face, especially when it looked at him with such open and adoring warmth. Like a brother. The man's throat tightened, thoughts of Mycroft coming to him for the first time in months. Almost a year.
He was so happy that he barely noticed when the water started to turn from translucently clear to muddied and red-brown. The first of many layers of dirt was working itself free from his skin, and it tinged the water an ugly shade somewhere between caked blood and sickly green vomit as he cupped it in his clawed hands in idle speculation. Sherlock noticed that over time, the ice around him started to melt. His wings stretched outwards on either side of him, cramped but not uncomfortable as he scooped the last remaining cubes into his mouth greedily. Their slushy flavour was still tantalizing. Waste not want not, even if they were slightly gritty.
Sherlock never did come out and say it.
What better way to spend his last days than to partake in something uncertain, something exciting and laced with danger and adventure?
“I'd very much like to help in any way I can, Claude.” And Sherlock was not lying when he said those words. “But today I want
His head snapped up, and he saw the detective standing in his doorway, hand poised to knock and somehow forgotten. For a moment, John saw Sherlock’s features open and slack, unhidden because they were not expecting to be seen. There was a dark sort of burning in the detective’s eyes, a yearning that made John’s breath catch and his heart stutter in his chest in surprise. It was a look that was too intimate, too personal for a friend, and though the two of them seemed to regularly tiptoe around those lines, too close for flatmates and too distant for lovers, it seemed for a moment that the divide had finally been crossed.
As he had lifted it, he could feel the Dragon's muscles clamping down, trying to make itself heavier so that even John's newly trained Army muscles struggled to lift the half-Human form inside. All the while the animal had kept up a steady stream of Dragon-Tongue based profanities and snarls, ones that even John could understand in their implications at least by the acerbic way they were spat at him. Other occupants had peeked out their front doors curiously at the noise, the flats mostly occupied by Military personnel so they often had a few Dragons peeking out as well. One snickered quietly at something the Dragon hissed at John, and was rewarded by a sharp cuff to his ear by his Master and a sharp order to 'apologize'. John flushed and murmured that punishment wasn't necessary for the giggle, partly because he supposed he
When the moon rose, Mycroft took his leave with a chilly look in John’s direction and muttered words towards his brother. Sherlock had watched him leave with snappish impatience, a hound already on its scent and just waiting for the opportune moment to act upon his will. He paced restlessly, eyes unnaturally blue with the glow of the moon peering through the clouds, turning the water into crystal shards of a mirror, reflective and mysterious.
He tries.
about him. And if John could listen, know Sherlock's mind and stories...
The thought caused him to laugh, and he tried to pretend the sound wasn't absolutely borderline hysterical.
“Greetings, My Lords. I am Soo Lin. What is the nature of your injuries today?”
“Bet you still need water wings!”
“One question, actually.” He replied, and John came behind Sherlock’s chair, wordlessly bracing himself and the detective for the worst. Instead, kind brown eyes looked to Sherlock, and Greg scrubbed a hand through his hair as he hung his head and asked
“By selling me off like cattle in a marriage proposal that no sane tribe will take.” Sherlock spat, blue eyes blazing as he turned to look at Mycroft with an arched brow of defiance. Daring to tell him that his deduction was not rooted in truth.
Take a chance or not.
a couple, and John had blushed and spluttered, stress leaving him tired and shaky so that he slumped into the chair with Union Jack pillow and trying to calm his spiking blood pressure. Sherlock had watched this entire exchange and then promptly pretended it didn't happen, rifling through papers and folders until Lestrade had found his way to the door in a cold sweat.
Snow would be cold.
What faced him was a creature that was as impossible as it was lovely. The creature’s eyes were like twin black orbs, deep and reflective in their inquisitive charm. John peered at it with fascination and slight fear, seeing the humanoid top half but disbelieving of the aquatic traits that blended seamlessly with its lower half. Shimmering scales glowed muted shades of blue and green and silver, catching the eye and making John’s vision swim. From the curve of the creature’s breasts John guessed it was a she, though he admitted to himself that there was no real way of knowing in Sherlock’s realm just what was what. Her dark curls fanned out wiry about her head, lips pulled back into a smile that revealed teeth pointed and sharp. The sight should have been frightening, yet John found himself aware of the mischievous glint in her eyes. The word for the creature came to him then, stories of old echoing in his mind: Water Nymph.
Mike was a shy boy, but he soon warmed to John, as it was very difficult to not like someone with such a bright smile. Soon the two began chatting, telling each other about their homes. John told Mike about his school and his mean older sister, and Mike talked about his older brother, who looked after him since their parents had been hit in a car crash last year.
me, Sig. We have an agreement, and it’s up to you to keep your end of the bargain. Come on, girl.”
as he spoke, eyes narrowing slightly as he looked hard at the personality that was and wasn't John.
to accept John as
, that wasn’t the issue. But like
He had forgotten how beautiful a sunset could be. During his days in the army, John had never much had time to look at the many sunsets of the dusted wasteland in which he found himself soaked in blood and sweat and grime. Yet there it was, shining in his eyes and touching the aqua-blue waves that lapped gently to shore and turning them translucent-gold.
“Please.” John heard himself beg, fear making his throat dry. For what, he didn't know. Couldn't know. He looked up into those starlit eyes, trying to see an ounce of pity, an iota of understanding. He prayed that someone could see how very afraid he was, how unsure. Pressed against Sherlock's chest, he could feel the inhuman cold that lingered in the Spirit. The tightly-coiled muscles underneath his robe held John in place. The young man wondered how it would feel when he was held down by those arms, and bile rose in his stomach and he fought harder, close to tears. But no tears came, because John refused them. He bit down savagely on his tongue, tasting blood but still unable to stop the litany, breathless and barely there of
However, no mercy revealed itself. The wine found itself past John's lips, and a moment later the young man felt his knees give out from under him. The world swayed, streaking together and blurring, and only the arms holding him, scooping him up in an ironic bridal style kept John from losing the tenuous grip he had on the edge.
“Not even close. Jim Moriarty.
“No last or middle name?”
She knew he couldn't help it, but she still hated it.
“Mycroft, these are the twin princesses Ming and Rei from the east, their friends Chun li, Kareem and Muhammed.” He pointed out two Dragons with identical faces frocked in green robes, along with a girl with long dark hair braided down her back and two boys with clothes that placed them as part of the princesses’ party. They all smiled, nodding and making some token of greeting. Mycroft smiled reflexively, bowing to the royal children with his mother’s words in his ear-
It's perfect. Simple.
Mike adjusted his spectacles, blinking past the spatter of black blood to peer at John through them. His smile was strained, and even over the din of battle John could hear his voice as he called out.
that the Human before him stayed submissive. After all, it
It took a moment for John to remember the events of the night before, but when he did, his eyes couldn’t help but shoot open, sitting up with a juddering breath. Sherlock’s chambers greeted him, wide and spacious and entirely empty. At a glance it was a picture of serenity, gauzy curtains caught in a light breeze from the balcony.
The rain beat out a steady rhythm against the windowpane, drowning out the bustle of noise outside of Gregory Lestrade’s office. The drumming was soothing, leaving the man feeling sleepy despite it being early afternoon. He twiddled with the end of his pen, staring once again at the reports given to him with feigned concentration.
And the little girl nodded after a moment, jaw tightening in determination. She looked at Sherlock Holmes with a gaze suddenly made of steel.
Then suddenly the pain became a blinding point between his eyes of white-hot intensity and John gasped, clutching at his forehead and nearly keeling over as a wave of agony settled over him. He could feel rapidly-turning concerned gazes around him as he grit his teeth and used the aisle shelf for support, knees trembling as visions flickered behind his eyelids. He willed himself to take a deep breath, muscles in his neck all tightening with the motion. As if from underwater, he could hear someone distantly asking if he was okay. John wasn't sure. It was like something black and bleak had taken over him, a terrible kind of fear he wasn't sure he could describe. Darting a tongue over his lower lip, he thinks he manages to give someone Sherlock's phone number before he passes out. Then the nighmarish darkness is consuming him, and John feels his legs give out underneath him hard, the tile bruising his shins. Someone lowers him the rest of the way to the ground, checking his pulse. He is sure it is thundering, because he can hear it in his own ears. Pounding, pulsing loudly and wetly and consuming his thoughts. It almost seems to blur, the noise doubling into two then one with the dizziness of his senses.
Keep in mind, Sherlock. John has been dissociative since
“We need to talk.”
Sherlock’s expression, once open and beguiling, now flattened into something critical. He eyed John with scientific interest, a rumbling purr leaving his lips in melodic harmony that was filled with fascination and confusion alike.
.” Sherlock found the image of his father blurring before his eyes, marred by the tears burning in the back of his throat. His hands lay in his lap, for once mercifully still.
Sherlock though, appeared to have other ideas. After about fifteen minutes of splashing about, John heard a rather sulky sounding clicking noise, and he looked down towards the shoals to see a pouting Selkie regarding him with a mixture of confusion and irritation.
There was a large rock sitting in the centre of
Molly had married a sweet man named Paul a few years back, and Xavier was four, an age that seemed worlds more mature in Elena's eyes than her own. As a result, she was at first hesitant to play with the slightly older boy, feet shuffling in uncharacteristic shyness as she hid behind Aunt Molly's leg, more used to her presence (due to visits in the morgue) than that of her child's. Xavier, for his part, seemed much like Molly herself- uncertain, timid, and prone to crying jags.
the shudder that racked itself through John's body, and then his friend's hands were loosening their hold, a startled gasp leaving Claude's lips even as with John's body she moved
in figure-hugging dark-wash jeans, and a deep blue shirt that brought out the striking hue of John's eyes. Over that, a dark jacket. In his hands, competent fingers weaving over the neck as soft melody came from it, was a shining blue Gibson guitar.
John mistook it for longing, but then again, that's exactly what it was. Even if Sherlock was loathe to admit it.
until the young man was all but shouting inside his head.
“Thank you,” He muttered. The gem at his hairline seemed to shimmer with his gratitude. “Know that if my court can do anything for you… you need only to ask.”
The War ended while John was lost in the throes of fever. Nearly a month and a half he was out of commission, and in that time the Gem homeworld decided to sign a contract of peace with the Earth. It was a truce on both sides, alien and Human both recognising the extent of the damage caused and the sacrifices that had been made. It was signed by the council of Diamonds themselves- a particular voice for humanity speaking out in the form of an Alien with pink and curling hair.
“Mm.”
The woman blushed, the colour bright along her cheeks. She shook Mycroft’s hand like she was shaking hands with an alien creature, uncertainly and with no small amount of fascination in her gaze.
But treacherously, his stomach growled. John bit his lip, scowl darkening as he reiterated.
The people of the East celebrated the Water Gods that protected them, and sacrificed gifts to the specific spirits said to watch over their villages. Tonight, Sherlock would be offered a bride. Just like every year, a traditional practice. It was was considered an honour to the women of the village, if they were chosen to stand in the centre of the town, dressed in lavish robes and wearing the clay face-paint that would offer them up as a gift. No one took it too seriously, at least not any longer. After all, no one in the village had been taken in, well...
And that made him think of Victor, and Sherlock wondered not for the first or the last time if he looked as pale as his dormate had looked that night, if he was biting his lips that hard or if he was shaking as fiercely...
It was several weeks after the hospital incident that John and Sherlock found themselves back and the flat, and even longer before John deemed Sherlock ready to leave his bed. As a result, the detective’s restlessness had lead John to nearly smothering his partner with a pillow more than once.
for their amazing work :)
He would have truthfully been somewhat interested in the meal, and John’s stomach rumbled despite his anxiety at the mouthwatering smells. If it weren’t for the fact that he was currently seated next to and across from two strange Gods, then he wouldn’t have hesitated at all in diving straight in. As it was his hands curled in his lap, afraid to reach out and have anything under the weighty gaze of those grey and blue eyes both staring at him as if he were an especially entertaining toy. He pictured quite suddenly what it would be like to throttle Sherlock’s pale neck, and the image doesn’t do what John imagined it might. Instead of satisfaction he felt a strange burn, and it crawled up along his neck and to the tips of his ears. Before he could analyse what that meant however for his psyche, John was snapped out of his contemplation of the food by Sherlock’s exasperated sigh.
Sherlock....
A bride.
Cerioth greeted them with a small nod, surprisingly, a gun in his own hands. Not many Dragons bothered to learn how to shoot, but as John set his Browning on the bench and went to get supplies from the back to clean it, he could see that the creature was an excellent shot. There was something almost sinuous in Cerioth's movements, in the slow breath he exhaled at each shot, in the way those dark eyes unflinchingly locked on the foam target, hand applying the slightest pressure on the trigger. Dodge was equally talented, able to fire with accuracy even as she watched John from the corner of her eye, lips pressed together in an unreadable expression while she paused to reload.
Sneak slowly looked up at his reflection, a curling smile twisting upwards on his face as he smirked at the simple clothes he wore. He looked about the toilet with interest for a moment, a low whistle coming from his parted lips as he took in the polished handles of the sink. A critical eye swiped over his hands and pockets, taking into account the fact that he had a wallet this time around and that there was more than one exit from the bathroom. A pink scrap of tongue peeked out from his upper lip, and a slightly Irish accent rumbled easily from John’s chest.
Sherlock paced in his tent, the unaccounted for fluttering of nerves in his stomach both unwelcome and strange. It twisted inside of him, leaving him feeling both nauseated and off-balance. He couldn’t seem to make himself sit still, not without being completely sure of John’s safety, his instincts running unusually high.
swam in John's head, filled him and capsized his body in a wave of comfort.
Then Conrad in a rare display of amusement winked at the man, and took one last inhale of sweet smoke before he ground the light under his heel. Sherlock almost thought that he could get along with this strange new personality, until the man's John-blue eyes darkened and he growled
John almost wished the Spirit would come to the chambers, if only so that he could beg for forgiveness. He’d grovel tonight, if he had to. Hell, he’d even make all of this fucking easier and just let the Water-Spirit have him if he wanted. If it could fix this, John would deal somehow. He wasn’t sure when he started sobbing, only that it was accompanied by violence, his hands suddenly coming up to tear at the silken canopy about the bed, tearing it to pieces.
“Who was that back there? The wolf, I mean.”
“This is Rin. Short for Riyaldwyn. You're a newbie, aren't you? New to all of this?”
That hadn't meant to come out.
“I didn't see it at first. I didn't... I didn't
of us would. It's an unspoken rule, and one even
“Suit yourself. Either way, he's going to talk to John....”
He had made a mistake.
“No, it is not,” the man agreed.
"I will not rest until my
“I don't think anything else's gonna happen today.” John mumbled finally, yawning into his hand. His head was throbbing, a dull and insistent ache against the base of his spine. If he wasn't so tired he might
John was busily trying to figure out a way to close his mouth so he could recover enough to respond. When he finally did, his breath came out in a rush.
In Afghanistan, she had been a slave, but a soldier. That had meant that despite her status, she had been listened to. The desert stripped people of positions to an extent, or rather perhaps standing. The strangest thing about enlisting was that for the first time, she had been looked at and
“Past… I am the past, Mister Holmes.” She corrected, and with the correction came a small nod, like she was reassuring herself. Sherlock felt something twist in him then, a peculiar kind of shuddering. His voice was soft, but driven to discover what it was that John was hiding hidden in layer upon layer of soft wool and fastidious smiles. Though a part of him was aware that the army doctor would rather he not know.
to someone who was whole.
“Your measurements.” Sherlock said numbly, and John then felt the dominatrix’s eyes land on him. It seemed to John that she was taking everything Citrine was, everything
warn you. I don’t share my food.”
enjoy!
“I need you to count with me.... In your head... I'm going
“I would say that in my opinion, having this conversation now would be... unwise.”
let him run.”
His forehead pressed against his knees, Sherlock made a small sound of distress from the depths of his throat. A keening whimper. The thought of leaving hurt in a visceral, terrifying way, like drowning. It weighed on his chest heavy as a stone and made breathing a difficult task. And yet the Dragon couldn't fathom why. There had once been a time not so long ago when he would have sooner died than become some Human's pet, would have taken a thousand beatings if it meant at the end of the day he wore his chains with contempt and scorn.
Maybe it was better, to leave the Selkie to die.
And strangely... so calm.
“Yes, we do.”
Many thanks to Leanora for betaing this chapter for me :3 I hope you enjoy!
This was Magic gone terribly, terribly wrong.
The detective's shrug was delicate, like the spreading of a sparrow's wings. His eyes were cat-like, reading John's posture carefully. The depth of his drawling voice rumbled through the living room.
“You've got a psychosomatic limp, of course you've got a therapist. Then there's your phone. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player. You're looking for a flat-share. You wouldn't waste money on this - it's a gift, then. Scratches. Not one, many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn't treat your one luxury item like this. So it's had a previous owner. However there's no engravings or discerning decorations on it so it's a little bit harder to guess where you got it from. I would normally say a relative, but there is not indication of it coming from someone particularly close. So maybe an aunt? She must love you if she's willing to pay for something so expensive-”
the other simple ingredients, and as he made his way up the stairs he couldn't help but wonder if the other Dragons within the flat complex could smell it. Lord knows it had made him rather desensitized by the time he made it back to
“It's.... common.... the book says.....it has a lot of tips on how to help with this sort of thing.....”
That was when his mind went blank. Defenseless against the overwhelming feeling of panic.
On their way out, John noted that Dodge rested a hand on the shoulder of her Dragon. The gesture was strangely intimate, for someone who later barked orders for her Dragon to
it's been so long since I updated this... I am so sorry...
filled him, and he shook it off with vague annoyance, clearing his head. It was at times like these that he found himself remembering one of the things he'd learned from his old home, from the way his father treated him, and from his own experiences of how time passed.
The rattling of cell doors like the gates of hell sealing death.
Aliens used to be in many ways the stuff of fairy tales. If John thought really hard on it, a fuzzy childhood image came to mind of sitting around a campfire, his sister by his side. They would tell tales, ghost stories and alien abductions being painted in lurid detail over the sugar-sweet melting of marshmallows and chocolate. The stories were often fueled by the darkness of night, and John by the end of the night would feel warmed by the cheery flames crackling away and the scratchy texture of his mother’s pyjama leg, his cheek leaning against it. He used to fall asleep during the summer to the whisper of U.F.O’s and of far-off galaxies, and they spotted his dreams and made him wonder what it’d be like to travel to a new star, a new place. He grew up thinking that meeting an Alien would be like meeting an imaginary friend- something wondrous and strange.
amused and surprised at how quickly the little girl took to just
Sure enough, as the small group moved into the shade of a large dune of sand, a banner flapped in the wind made from an old robe. It was dingy, torn and bloodstained, but its colour was unmistakable, pure white under the grime like winter’s snow. It stood out, held in the hands of a ragged looking man at the head of the crowd who walked with a stilted gait. The group stopped about ten feet away from the soldiers, and said man regarded John’s squadron with tired brown eyes that glittered keenly under bushy dark brows. When he spoke, it was in flowing Pashto.
“A blue door. The colour of..... Of cobalt and an ocean..... Sherlock....
Sherlock sounded far away, and yet he had never seemed so close.
“Jounhin come
“I just want to help you. I'm a …..a friend of John Watson's.... Which means I'm a friend to you....”
Mike's eyes flicked to the heavy tome, now tucked once again into John's jacket. Just the edge of it peeked out from the open zipper, and Mike found his lips twisting into a small grimace of worry. He had seen the title of it, despite John's obvious wish to keep its contents secret, and Mike knew for a fact that it wasn't just a book you could buy off the internet.
“We need to get closer to the gate, Piper and Rory are due to be there. They need information.” John panted into Sherlock’s ear, licking chapped lips even as the pounding of his heart threatened to drown him. There had been a moment, albeit a small one, where he’d forgotten he was wearing straps to hold him in place. The moment of blind terror where he had thought he might fall had left him nearly quaking. Sherlock didn’t seem to notice.
She leaned into her husband's side as if without him she would crumble, tired eyes stained with bruised purple on the undersides and mouth a thin, pinched line. The doctor smiled reassuringly, adjusting his glasses on his nose before replying.
Then there was a fourth victim, and unlike the others, it was a young boy. More specifically, a child of twelve named Scott Roth.
Though of course he complained, if only because it entertained the Detective. John knew it did, because even though he held a book up to hide his face the ex army doctor could feel his slowly curling smirk on the back of his neck like the breath of a kiss.
As a child, Sherlock had thought that the one thing luck had given him was a man’s height in a woman’s body.
Next chapter Sherlock and John will be meeting! :P
“The Dragon will still require care and watching, John. Even if you were to do it yourself without Sherlock, your Dragon would still be around the hormones the Dragon creates because they would leave imprints on your clothing and skin.”
Still, a more interesting idiot than usual, considering Sherlock had only felt the urge to eat him once so far.
He sobbed again and again, babbling at the pounding ache in his head that only seemed to respond to his wails of pain by persisting, growing in urgency and strength. John barely felt the prick of the sedative being injected into his arm, but quite suddenly his limbs refused to obey him, and he was slumping exhausted back into the hospital bed. The boy's dark-blue eyes fluttered closed, but not before he rather woozily reached out and grabbed the sleeve of one of the nurse's. His concerned face swam in and out of focus, but the little boy didn't really recognise it was because tears were filling his vision. Just before he slipped away, John begged the stranger to find the selkie who was calling for him.
The blonde continued as if such an exchange in silences never happened at all. Once he gathered rhythm, it appeared he would not stop. Not if he could help it.
“But I am.”
John stared at his hands as he said this, keeping his voice quiet and reflective. Like he was being introspective.
A moment later, Molly’s high chirp sounded in Sherlock’s thoughts. He could see her form at a distance, already preparing to land gracefully in front of the small shack in which most of the off-duty guards were resting.
behind it. He tried not to get his hopes up.
“Everyone, armed and ready. Don’t attack on sight, but don’t let your guard down. John, Bill, if there’s a Dragon amongst their ranks, give the signal. Rory, you and your dragon will send a signal if we’re attacked.” The captain’s Dragon Farrow shifted as he spoke, becoming his true form- a mass of green scales and teeth. As one, the squadron moved closer, preparing for any kind of confrontation.
Thoughts of a nice quiet morning dissipated like soap bubbles as he saw that the moon hung outside, silvery and heavy in the night sky. Its light painted its way across his face, past the door where a shadow stood quietly, likely the source of John’s awakening. Sherlock was dressed in the hand-me-downs that John had managed to scavenge for him; a blue jumper that was too short at the sleeves but too wide in the middle and light blue jeans. Those pale eyes seemed to glow nocturnally in the dark, and a rumbling voice echoed lightly, singing a lilting verse that ended in question.
“John is the Core personality I take it? I would say you're probably the leader of the Alters...and probably assume the role of Protector, if I'm not mistaken.”
We also get some of Greg's wisdom and advice! yay protective!Lestrade!
The crux of the agreement was struck up after an evening in which the two siblings both had a rather tense heart-to-heart, long after their mother had finished her own lecturing.
and not just by his oppressor's. Dragons had begun to give up, the second generation of Hatchlings having never seen the sun from beyond the bars of cages.
“You okay? You're looking a little pale.”
“You’re positively selfless, you are.” John retorted dryly, rolling his eyes and sighing. Of course it had been too good to be true, to expect Sherlock to do something out of the pure goodness of his heart. If the legends were true, he technically didn’t even
“You’re angry.”
John grinned, handing the man his drink.
As it was, Sherlock woke on his birthday rather disappointed at first. This would be because as he stretched out his long arms he found only the lonely coolness of an empty bed, John nowhere to be found. This was not entirely out of the norm, for it was hard to break army habits and John rarely slept past seven AM. However, Sherlock felt a small pang of petulance, even though as far as he knew, John had no intention of commemorating the date.
“Did you... Tame a tiger?”
John stood his ground. Finally, Sherlock managed to gather his thoughts to speak to his friend.
The first thing John realised was that he could smell smoke. Like brimstone, it filled the air heavily as Mike opened the door. John gaped at his friend as he took in the man's frazzled appearance, jaw hanging open as he found himself staring at a black shadow
“Not as young as I used to be.” He murmured to himself, even though he was only thirty-three. It felt like he was an old man as he took each step one at a time, testing the rotted wood carefully before putting his full weight on it. The weather-worn slats creaked in the familiar tones of his childhood, and before John could bring himself to step inside the old place, he turned once to look at the ocean in the distance.
“Well as you can see I'm not that
hai! :D sorry this took a litte while.... but guess what? I have a beta now! Much thanks goes to her fantasticness, thanks Iolre! <3
? Escaped some asylum?”
I hope you enjoy! Thanks again so much for all the kind comments and kudos!!!!
Sherlock didn’t have the mental stamina to keep those kinds of thoughts at bay any longer, not out here. Not out in the desert where each claw forward felt like his last. Not while he was still alone and there was the immediate threat of John’s safety. So he didn’t bother to stifle the possessiveness, letting it drive him forward. This was what pushed him to run.
back, layer upon layer, until whatever was at his steeled core
Not when his other half, Citrine was shuddering inside of him, warm and filled with longing.
He wondered not for the first time if he should say something. Yet despite his occupation, Lestrade was surprisingly good at pretending that something wasn’t happening, even when he noticed.
The detective's voice was fast-paced and gruff, demanding answers without asking any questions, as per usual.
took Cerioth, Sherlock. We tried to convince Dodge to take a posting closer to home… She refused.”
Sherlock jumped. Actually jumped like he hadn’t been aware the D.I had been so close by. The detective’s blue eyes flicked to Greg instinctively, and the facade of the calm and collected genius for an instant crumbled into panic, blank and intense.
John shifted, shoulders tensing even as he felt the hum of something wrong thrumming down his spine. It was like being watched, though nothing made itself visible in the darkness. Feeling as though he was being sized up as prey, the ex-army doctor straightened, looking to Sherlock cautiously. The detective’s eyes were bright in the dark, nearly luminescent like the gem that glinted over his brow.
“Why?”
“It appears as if my brother has fallen into one of his… moods.” Pale eyes flicked to John, and the boy felt clawing panic seize up his throat, picturing only his family in his mind.
His voice was cold and flat. Distant. It scared her.
Only to let out a yelp of surprise as he caught sight of a shadowed figure curled on the floor of his room.
for once, and he wasn’t about to let the reason for that die due to some kind of extreme sunstroke.
But the detective's gaze kept flicking minutely behind John's figure, and the army doctor took only a moment to understanding.
John frowned slightly, his pale brows lowering in realisation.
Sherlock snorted quietly. “You know less than you think, human. You know nothing of my kind; your information is a millenia out of date. There was once a time we could move freely between our worlds, but then
not willingly, but out of fear. Apparently, he had been on a boat shipping slaves to the North when the rebels had liberated the ship- in exchange demanding allegiance of the slaves held inside. Being young and heavily pregnant at the time, Xavi had believed it would be the only way they would let him survive. This he explained to John animatedly even as the army doctor got to work by carefully scrubbing the grime out of his new patient’s curls, working apart the knots that had been created from both sweat and blood and sand. The water under his fingers came away tinged red with it, and John found that Xavi was much more used to human contact than Sherlock had been when he’d first come into his care. This was explained as the young Dragon chattered away, becoming much like a duckling following its mother in the way he so quickly attached himself to John. It was clear he was used to affection.
Claude cocked her head to the side, blue eyes narrowed in interest and hesitation. Her hands twitched, ached to hold the game in her hands. She'd never owned anything of her own before. Never had something she could claim was solely
He didn't want to consider it too closely.
before he could reign in the sharp, biting panic like a horse biting its bit. Clutching at his chest through the thin material of his sleep shirt, John panted, swallowing great, huge gulping breaths of air.
“Well then, let's get you something to eat!”
Taking in all possible chances.
he made the bed every morning (the sheet so tight you could bounce a coin against it) and the way he woke without hesitation at five thirty in the morning every weekday. It was in his hands, steady despite their tension, less likely to tremble when faced with stress as opposed to boredom.
His anger had left him, leaving an ashen taste in his mouth and the first flickers of guilt. There’d been no mistaking that his words had hurt Sherlock. For all the Water-Spirit pretended that the concept of feelings was vague to him, John had seen something brittle in his eyes when he’d told him off. It had been an unpleasant surprise that Sherlock could in fact, be hurt. Had hurt, even, before.
“That would be because I do not
THIS LOVELY FANART BY
It was almost.... comfortable, despite the elephant in the room. And when finally Sherlock did get to his point, he did not
“Well then, my best suggestion is to act as if the choice
soon, if he didn't give him a bloody
, the Dragon relaxed, eyelids fluttering closed as he rolled his shoulder experimentally.
Sherlock had also on an unrelated note, become more comfortable arguing with John. He also felt more at ease to joke around, and play pranks – albeit in his unique, Dragon-like fashion - such as leaving experiments in the teapot to find, or coating the floor in a thin, clear layer of ice to have John slip on for later.
The list went on and on, strange half-creatures peering up at him from pages the shade of yellow sand. Hand-drawn, they seemed almost alive, as if poised on the page and preparing only for some idle reader to reach out, bring them to life. Their wide, not-quite human eyes peered up from the pages, and teeth half-pointed and half-blunt grimaced and snarled and smiled in greeting.
disposition, and he paused for a moment to think before he just let himself react (because that would likely only end in a shouting match, one which John was likely to lose). Sherlock was pale and thin as usual, although perhaps just a little more wan since he had refused to eat anything for almost a week now. It was starting to worry his friend more than just a
this chapter is short.... apologies ^.^''
Her voice was tart.
The Shame of that he convinced himself was also nothing more than a biological flaw.
Middle ground, then.
” Thudded in the soldier's ears.
Silence.
only to be all but tackled by John as he tried to stop him.
Biting his lip a little in consideration, the detective forced himself to calm, making sure to keep his voice pitched low. Confidence, that would convince John more than anything else. Confidence and honesty. He watched as John sucked in a small breath as Sherlock turned more fully towards him, one hand slipping down from his partner’s shoulder to graze along his abdomen. Sherlock kept his gaze fixed on his partner’s face, fingers teasing along the hem of the man’s pants, skimming the barest breath inside the waistband.
and she twisted a ring about her middle finger absently. Her gaze would drift now and again only to be irrevocably pulled back to the doctor's face, her eyes sneaking glances at him when she thought he didn't notice. He did, but he pretended he didn't until the right time. Then, slowly he fixed his gaze on her face.
defeated.
“That’s a little fucked up.... You must understand, I'm a soldier. I don't sell what I know. If you're so concerned you might be better off finding out for yourself what he's up to-”
The soldier made a disgusted noise at the back of his throat, rolling his eyes and stalking off towards John’s room. Under his breath, choice obscenities could be heard. Sherlock however wasn’t one to be easily deterred, and he reached out and grabbed the man’s arm before he could go upstairs to grab his coat to leave.
in a very good mood at the moment, dear. Says he just felt like playing today even though he hasn't in a while. Wouldn't be able to tell it, what with how good he is. He's at your level with a guitar, wouldn't you say?”
When the sea was blackened and mysterious, dark and unruly on its surface only to be still in the depths below. When lightning flashed, illuminating the waves, highlighting ghostly figures swimming in the shadows before flickering back to black. He could taste the flavour of unrest on his tongue, dark and heady as he swam. The ocean was uneasy.
Sherlock. Just... Do you not see how amazing you actually
“That hasn’t seemed to work that well so far, Sherlock.” John admitted quietly, looking up at the detective through the fan of his lashes. He resisted the urge to flinch away from his companion’s agitated snort, still feeling the aftereffects of… whatever had transpired last night. “I mean, Claude seems to like you…but so far the other personalities haven’t seemed all that interested in making your acquaintance. And I can’t access them. You know that.”
“His name was Victor Trevor, and my father caught us shagging in the school shed. During a family Christmas gathering. Needless to say... it was... not on.”
John had called him but it wasn't John.
himself.
” It was clear then that Rania knew it was not John’s name, and the young man swallowed even as the girl grinned in Dodge’s direction. “We knew he could be trusted with this mission, and so few in court these days bear that badge any longer. Ryuk has a clairvoyant presence, but the deceit that goes on in my palace creates a nest of vipers, some deadly and others benign. Everyone has secrets, harmful or just necessary, and so I thought to bring in outside help.”
Dating a Dragon occasionally did yield some benefits, John supposed. There was the constant gift-giving, the ability that his boyfriend had of being a living space heater even in the dead of winter, and the fact that the few times that someone did actually decide to attack him (because unfortunately for John his and Sherlock's careers did occasionally require that they encounter dangerous criminals) he could always count on having a verified mythological creature to back him up in a pinch. Not to mention that the sex was phenomenal.
“That's true isn't it?”
(Not that he really believed in such things, though Dragon Gods seemed more sensible to him than the Human's version of a deity.)
And though John didn't know then, he should have. Because lined with all other evidence, Sherlock's words were telling.
“Well this is a fair change.” Dodge commented wryly as she stood over the Dragon crouching before her, seemingly impressed by his stillness and good behaviour.
And he had woken just in time to see the thin, hair-line fracture lining the outside of the shell. Absorb its meaning. See all the ways in which it could spell out the end to everything. His daughter.
He would not allow himself to use sentiment as an excuse to not be prepared properly. He was dealing with a wild animal, and John had to treat it as such. There couldn't be any mercy, not until he was absolutely sure he wouldn't get seriously wounded. It was better in the end for both he and the Dragon, as if he wound up in the hospital there was little doubt in the young man's mind of what would become of the beast. Pocketing the little metal remote, he slowly got to his feet. His eyes stayed trained on the Dragon, but it didn't stir at the sound of John's movements. It was lost in a land of feverish dreams, kicking slightly like a dog in slumber. John spared a brief moment to wonder what the creature would even
There is that at least.
If he closed his eyes, he could still remember that rush, like your stomach was falling out from under you and you were tumbling into an abyss. Except at the bottom was only feather pillows, and they numbed your other senses so that the ones you needed sharpened incredibly to a point. The answer to the man's question wasn't a simple answer of having daddy issues or a tragic story of a broken home.
He purred, leaning in so that the only space between them was a breath. Sherlock could see his own face reflected in those irises, composed but not nearly composed enough. Later, he would wonder why it felt like he had been able to breathe endlessly, and yet not inhale at all. His answer was quick, killing the electrically charged mood with efficiency.
Claude let out a stuttering cry.
Sherlock stood in the centre of the living room shaking, his eyes wild and wide as he took in the shattered vase he had accidentally tipped over with his tail. The scattered pieces lay about his bare feet haphazardly, shards powdered with the sheer force of the appendage's assault. John could tell the vase had literally been whipped towards the wall, the trajectory of the shards all in one general direction. However he didn't have much time to absorb all this as a low, keening noise that could be felt through the floorboards rumbled from Sherlock's throat.
Worse, that it might go
“It’ll be… thorough. Mycroft doesn’t really do discretion when it comes to searching people… I understand if you’re uncomfortable exposing all of your personal information to me.” Sherlock might of carried on, but as he spoke John’s expression had grown incredulous, and the smaller man couldn’t help but laugh outright at the detective’s feeble attempts at allowing John privacy.
The detective noticed absently that his heart was pounding in his chest, thumping loudly in his ribs like the rattle of a bird trying to escape its cage.
Morstan breathed sucked air through her teeth, blinking slowly. She was cat-like, poised as if to strike, lithe.
“If he's alive at all.” His brother's words were meant to be as gentle as the elder Holmes was able to make them, but still his younger brother flinched as though struck. The gravel tone of his voice was low and rumbling.
in the first place, and Sherlock found a frown tugging his features even as he continued to sing. Nervously, the Selkie glanced about the length of the beach. No other Humans were around... but this was taking too long. Too much work, too suspicious. If someone came...
His thoughts not so helpfully supplied. John scowled. Right, ignoring that. He pressed forward, his nerves settled into a tight ball in his stomach. The door gave without so much of a squeak, time leaving it soundless and all the more unsettling as a result.
Please don't hesitate to tell me what you think and if you have any constructive criticisms lemme know!
“Well, at least Xavier's getting some exercise.”
A part of John wished he hadn't.
, coat whirling behind him as he paced and hastily made room for John in his favourite chair (as it was filled with files and cases that had been thrown about in Sherlock's haste to find clues as to John's earlier whereabouts). He felt himself coiled, wound up on cigarettes and the leftovers of adrenaline and (as appalling as it is to consider) worry, and as a result he paced through his temper, attempting to reign it in lest it lash out and shatter the frail, hunched figure obediently trailing behind him. Sherlock was furious. Furious with John. Furious with himself. Furious at Mycroft because he took too long and he didn't think that he could
He had murmured proudly to the man, and frowned only when John had laughed at the nickname so hard that he had fallen out of his chair.
Human. Not any more.” His tone was not exactly bitter, more accepting. The ex-army doctor headed up, the stairs creaking in his absence and leaving the Gem on the sofa in the dark.
“As you all are aware, this is your last night in London.” Her serious tone sobered the group firmly, forcing them to look at their future with grim faces. The lieutenant kept her chin raised, dark brown eyes cool and professional as she gestured to Cerioth. “From this point on, you are not just Man and Dragon. You are a functioning pair, a unit, and at the compound you'll be trained as such.”
His yelp of pain, quickly turning into sobbing tears of relief/joy/
He could just make out the words, and the sound of them left his mouth feeling dry.
of him.
“My Lady has not slept well since. Hence your involvement. I saw you at the marketplace, and with my own gifts saw that you are an honest and brave Human.” The Dragon’s head turned towards John then, eyes glittering softly. John resisted the urge to straighten under that gaze, a slow flush crawling over his ears despite the fact that Rania’s head wasn’t even turned directly towards his presence. The Queen nodded in agreement with Ryuk, brows furrowed in determination.
There's a buzzing in his pocket, low and humming. The soldier half-debates letting it go, but with an aggravated sigh rifles around in his pants pocket until he finds the phone. Turning on the screen, he is subjected to a military-like order staring at him in simple block letters.
“Oy! Did you faint or
Sherlock all but purred in pleasure as a hand wandered up to his curls, stroking gently. “Hi there, Love.” John reached to turn the waffle maker off, sensing the mood shift even as Sherlock pressed closed lips to the flutter of his pulse.
Sex however when Sherlock was feeling
Kudos and comments are adored and kept close to my soul.
Worse they erased what exactly happened so that he cannot recall how he wound up in a hospital bed, layers of bandages wrapped about his shoulder and bearing a psychosomatic limp that would bring his military service to a harsh end.
The first thing John heard was the wind, moaning outside and kicking up shells from the sand. It sounded like the clatter of bone, of pottery shards and pale-cold ice. The next was the slow breathing underneath it, the sound of another human being, and John struggled for a moment and grappled with his memory, uncertain as to what had happened. Finally, there was the darkness, still present despite the fact that he could now make out the outline of his own hands, the faint moonlit-suffused glisten of the wet rocks before him. It was the kind of glow that came only in a sheltered place, and with a shudder he realised he knew the shape of that rock.
that you stop right there-”
And as they moved to Sherlock's bedroom, his voice comforted the sister that was already shaking inside them, second-guessing causing her to hide away in the darkness.
“It's all right, easy. I'm not going to come in I promise. This space is yours right now, though not permanently!”
. The young man kissed her on the cheek in utter adoration as he spun away to set to work.
“I had two rooms set up for them, but I noticed the Bond on the soldier’s arm. Chances are if my brother is experiencing a newly-acquired Binding he’ll not want to stray too far from this ’John Watson’s’ side.” His mouth twisted in thought, and his pale eyes hardened. “I want you to gather all information you have on this man and the people Sherlock has been living with these past months, Anthea. As it stands now, I do not like how much is unknown about my brother’s mental state.”
Regent’s park was nice though the day was cloudy, and not overly crowded like a part of John had feared. The air was cool, and he breathed deeply even as Sherlock trudged beside him, muttering to himself grouchily about mandated exercise and “being put out in the sun like some kind of potted plant”. John cheerfully ignored his complaints, instead choosing to watch as dog-walkers had their pets chase after frisbees and balls, small children playing football or chasing after their parents.
A suicide bomber.
“Um....Sorry, what?”
“Um, right then. Yes.” John finally managed to splutter, regaining his voice and his manners even as his head spun a little. He refused to turn crimson with embarrassment, although he very badly wanted to. Mycroft continued to give him that mile-long stare, unflappably calm as he sipped from a silver and blue goblet. He changed the subject as if he were merely predicting the weather, his head tilting in a rather reptilian way as he swept his slow, searching look over John’s form.
If there was one word that John hated in the English dictionary, it was the utterance of
“Cold?”
“Xavi…”
Like piss and rot.
He had been afraid then, though he’d kept a cool enough demeanour. Anthea still could read him, marching in afterwards at a far more sedate pace than the medics had. Beside her, an unfamiliar woman floated, out of place in such a sterile environment, her head down and her hands clutched in her muddied skirts. She spoke Pashto, but that was not a problem. Mycroft had been brushing up on the language for quite awhile now.
“Try me.”
a few centuries, John.
Bill's eyes were not filled with pride, but rather a cold sort of acceptance. He nodded his approval, but his voice was dead.
With sinuous grace Sherlock rose to his feet, his collar tinkling in the dark. It was just as the two burly Handlers, one with blonde hair and the other with dirty brown, that a pair of blue eyes caught his curiously as John rounded the corner upon hearing the sound of movement.
It was obvious by the slightly sour tone of voice that Daniel had not intended for this “Claude” character to come out. Sherlock remained expressionless, but inside he mentally stored that piece of information away in his mind. Like he was doing with the rest of the information the man was giving him. Though it was like pulling teeth.
, he was sure of that much.
Slowly, ever so slowly, he turned his head to the side. Exposing his throat in a universal sign of submission. His thoughts went in a loop instinctively, repeating a mantra in his head that flowed in a constant circle.
personalities' words and determined to fix the bleak expression off of the man's face, the detective rose abruptly, words sharp and clear as he stepped towards the kitchen.
John mused about just how far he'd have to dig through Sherlock's brain to get to the heart of his thoughts before reluctantly admitting it was likely impossible. Instead, he let himself think of the Queen, so young and yet so powerful and of the children crowding the streets of Kandahar, many dirty and starving and tired.
Dodge smoothly interjected, coming around to clap John on the shoulder tersely.
The answer, John was rather frustrated to discover, screamed out a resounding and absolute
He told himself that to be so was a blessing. Staring up at the ceiling, he sank his teeth into his lower lip, and willed himself to believe.
“See, using that nickname on me is the exact reason why people often think we’re in a gay relationship, three way sometimes when your Molly is around.”
His tail thrashed restlessly then, and John found himself abruptly released. Sherlock stood with lightning-quick movements, scowling at nothing even as he backed himself towards the entrance, a rabbit caught between crosshairs. It hadn’t been John’s intention, but it was clear from Sherlock’s expression that the soldier had hit a nerve. Through stiff lips, the Dragon apologised before ducking outside into the cool evening air, leaving John with a hard-on as the least of his ever-piling worries and fears.
His grandma's eyes were far away, dreaming and soft.
The Dragon smiled slightly at John's slight bluffing, even as the seriousness of the situation washed over Sherlock like a wave. This was happening. He was to become metaphorical cannon-fodder for the War effort, and he would soon be expected to treat John not like an equal as he had been slowly becoming, but as a
Conrad, doing everything right handed unlike John would have, fished the card from his pocket and began to dial the number. When Mycroft Holmes answered and then promptly gave the phone to his brother, the man was thoroughly sick of waiting. He cussed the man with every name he new under the sun, then told him their location. His thick Welsh brogue echoed in the alley, and then all Conrad and the other could do was wait.
“I can guess your purpose and your past. Not your name, since you don't have anything identifiable on you.”
This chapter is very short. However the next one will likely wind up being quite a bit longer. it's just the way they got split this time ^_^
“John's all red now.” She confirmed with him, and her own cheeks were pink with amusement and excitement as she used John's face to smile. “He's telling me not to do that. I don't think I'll listen.”
and if I catch
He must have been mad, because if the answer was yes, then he’d live through it all again just for a chance to be in this bed, with this particular brilliance at his side.
The older Selkie grumbled. He took a hesitant sip of his own tea, and wrinkled his nose in distaste.
“You know, that sentence in any other situation in which I was found in your bedroom might come across with entirely different meaning.”
The statement had been met with silence. Thick like cotton-wool, it wrapped about the kitchen, the tea mugs set before them, untouched and now undrinkable. Shyla continued to look down at her hands, which tightened and loosened at uneven intervals in her lap. Her chin clenched as if expecting a blow. Mycroft through the blank haze of his own mind suddenly screaming
As did everyone.
He found himself in a soft bed within a clinically sterile room, the sight jarring after months being encased in sweat and grime and dust. This alone screamed to Sherlock that something major had happened while he was out. A bit like expecting a step on a staircase that didn’t exist, his stomach flipped with disconcertion. A growl left his lips as he took in the unfamiliar clothes that he wore, a simple white shirt and grey sweatpants. Most unsettling of all, there was an absence of weight about his neck.
“We'll.....we'll have to share this space, though not at the same time.” John mistook the dark look that had flashed in Sherlock's eyes for jealousy of territory, and rushed to reassure him. It was strange, but he felt he was already getting better at reading the moody creature's emotional swings. It was like following a slightly off-kilter compass. John was growing determined to ensure that the metaphorical ship sailed safely into harbour without further storms.
“John.” Sherlock murmured, manoeuvring so that he had the smaller man curled beside him. However John had already vanished, Sneak's voice rumbling against the detective's neck. It
The breaking point came then, the moment in which Sherlock decided he had to
And yet John couldn't escape the shivering in his body, and he clutched his arms about his middle, as if seeking comfort from something unknown. His thoughts were filled with sarcasm, heavy and contrite.
Still, there is something to be said for simple, at times.
“The robe's getting a bit small for you, yeah? You've actually grown!”
Then before he can register the fact that someone has shot a man for him he realizes that the man on the floor in front of him is dying, bleeding out rapidly. The red liquid pours out beneath him in crimson vitality, a deep and heady shade of live leaving too quickly. Sherlock's mind is back on the case, on the idea of a 'sponsor', on the mysterious voice murmuring to him
A vein jumped in Bill's jaw, and his voice held in it the beginning of an objection.
pressed up against the wall, with little room to breathe or see as Sherlock's wings covered him like a shroud.
“Breathing is good, 'Lock. Take it from someone who couldn't for much of his childhood without having some kind of humidifying tank beside him.”
The Selkie to be fair had mostly recognised John because of the bondbite on his wrist. Like a song it had called to him, forced his instincts into a frenzy, led him to nearly drowning the Human in his desperation to ensure that no one separate him from his long-lost Mate. This man shivering before him, strange clothes sopping wet and hanging heavily on his thin form was not the boy that Sherlock had bitten so many moons ago, and it showed in the depths of the shadows under his eyes, in the way his left hand trembled and his leg limped. The man before him eyed Sherlock as if he were some kind of demon, and he kept repeating a string of words, the likes of which the Selkie could now translate, having hunted enough Humans to recognise the sound of distress.
“You’re look like hell, mate!” Mike remarked, pulling Sherlock from the hug to eye him critically. Sherlock noted vaguely that Mike looked cleaner than he had last seen him, and that he was wearing civilian clothes. The difference was jarring with the tan the man was sporting.
Sherlock spoke softly in his head.
And right now, he could feel the tingling along the base of his skull that only came when danger was very, very near. If he pulled John closer to him instinctively, then neither of the Holmeses chose to mention it. Sherlock's voice was acerbic but marginally less spiteful than usual as he murmured stiffly
Finally, John found the book he was looking for. Its cover was the teal blue of tropical waters, silver name simply entitled
the sound of men screaming.
Cat-like, Sneak leaned back, heavy-lidded gaze flicking up to Sherlock's eyes and lingering there. Unlike John, he did not look away, merely kept a steady-eyed stare until the detective felt the silence in the flat ringing into his bones. In that stare was a reflected image of his own look, calculating and cool. For once, the detective thought he might understand why most cowered under his glare. He felt as though his skin
The shadowy monster of his nightmares now had a name.
overly threatening, but Sherlock knew better than anyone that appearances were deceiving. After all, he was
The young man drew a slow breath through his lips, eyes peering into the dim darkness. Nothing moved. Nothing stirred. Nothing breathed. The warmth he had remembered from childhood was gone from the place. Empty. Replaced with a crawling shadow that seemed to hang over the place like a cloud.
Really, how did anyone
John personally found the entire thing somewhat entertaining, if not slightly invasive to his new comrades' privacy. Though he sometimes scolded Sherlock for stating his deductions out loud, the truth was that the young soldier didn't much mind them filtering into his thoughts. Like a background radio it grounded him into the present more firmly, keeping his mind from wandering. Sherlock would often talk late into the night and John privately suspected that his partner's smooth and soothing voice was one of the reasons he hadn't yet succumbed to nightmares. While Bill occasionally woke, covered in cold sweat and gasping, John rarely had a rough night. Part of it was due to his own countenance, but he knew that a larger part had to do with the fact that as soon as his thoughts went restless, Sherlock was there, deducing or simply speaking. Filling the emptiness with sound.
“...Xavi? Do you…Does your… egg… have a name?”
Because there, trembling as much as his wrist was, the sleeve of the worn Human before him was pushed up, revealing the shimmering silver
He had offered hadn't he?
He fell asleep to the swell of the crescendo, and John woke just in time to catch the tail-end of a strangely hopeful note drifting through the air of
John’s voice was tentative, cautious and reproachful, and he did not look at Sherlock as he spoke. His voice strove to be even and smoothed, but it cracked on the edges with terror, with the knowledge that he was an animal trapped in the crosshairs of a predator’s weapon.
This was followed by a statement called over the playground that made all of the adults freeze in terror.
:) thank you so much!
This was Binding.
Perhaps... Perhaps he should have focused less on the personalities and their issues, and more on John Watson
Sherlock wasted no time mincing words.
There were shouts and screams - more demons coming in and appearing. The first wave were always the destructive type, the ones that fed off violence and anger and fear. The demon that was charging towards him was definitely a violence type, all nightmarish limbs, eyes just two gaping black holes and wings like twin sails of death stretching outwards behind it. John clenched his jaw and refused to let the instinctive urge to panic fill him, breathing tightly and finishing taking aim.
The old woman chattered on amiably, oblivious to Sherlock's
Something… had gone very wrong indeed, for his flatmate to be looking at him as if he had only months to live.
to listen to her family titter on about her
However it was silent in her head, so obviously the older personality had no comment on her complaints. She huffed slightly, moving with almost inhuman speed towards the door to the bedroom.
, a place that apparently had such a wide variety of spices in their Chow Mein that the lanky Detective had bothered to store its' name in his Mind-Palace. He rambled easily at John about how to recognize quality Chinese food even as the bell chimed over their heads, jingling pleasantly and informing the staff of their arrival. They get a table that's near the window, greeted by a pretty Asian waitress that has her long, dark tresses tied back with a pink ornamental hairpin. John smiles at her warmly, thankful to be in the company of beautiful women and surprisingly enough a good friend. Sherlock's hands smooth themselves against the deep red tablecloth as he picks up the plastic menu, dark curls peeking from just above the top and blocking his expression (which had acquired a peculiar level of sulking when he noticed the Doctor's attentions and where they lay) from John's view. Pouring himself a cup of green tea and humming in pleasure at it's relaxing flavour, the blonde Doctor sat back and marvelled again at how everything seemed so, well..... peaceful.
The beach was warm under their shoes as they trekked, the sand heated by the sun and warming the backs of their necks as the two boys climbed over rock and stone. John led the way, carrying a plastic shovel and pail in one hand even as he went with Mike along the shore, their feet licked at by the pulsing waves as they danced on the edge of wet and dry. They were two tanned bodies warmed with excitement and energy, and they played in the waves, their laughter drifting high into the air like a song.
Mycroft translated all of this, disbelief heavy in his voice. For a long while, Sherlock didn’t reply. Instead he studied the human before him, taking in John’s fear, his scent. There was that lingering desire, that wish to take him, pull him to the ocean and swim, swim until Sherlock’s lungs were burning for air. Yet John’s would burn long before then, he knew that now. He also now knew that humans lied, lied like deceit was silver candy on their tongues. John could lie, and to Sherlock it would sound like the most beautiful promises. For his kind did not, and could not deceive. He was no longer a pup; he would not be made a fool of. When the Selkie at last spoke, it was with coldness.
Right, then.
He wasn't even sure he could blink.
John soon discovered as the Dragon rapidly recovered his health that the creature had a seemingly boundless amount of energy, and would often spend long hours into the night merely pacing or picking his way deftly through John's collection of paperbacks. Though Sherlock at first couldn't read very much English, it soon became evident that the Dragon was merely ignorant, as opposed to stupid.
them from one another, was where he had gone wrong.
“You really do surpass all of my tests. Really, it’s infuriating to some degree,” Mycroft’s expression turned more serious then, regarding John directly. “Gems are… not kind, when another of their kind is perceived as “different”. Sherlock’s lived much of his life as an outsider, and when afraid he falls to old defence mechanisms. In truth, I’d normally let this resolve on its own, but without your companionship I worry he’d find less… savoury friends.”
, the child aptly named it, and true to its name Shyla and the dog spent much of their free afternoons between lessons exploring the land outside their home, pretending to pillage and loot. It was a complete failure of an experiment, and Violet grit her teeth as she found herself feeding the dog, as well as brushing out its coat when it was prone to be tangled. Shyla loved the animal, but she did not take care of the things she loved. Instead, she seemed to prefer to run them into the ground, and Redbeard, her most loyal companion, didn’t seem to object.
this one's a bit shorter :/ apologies. It's a good place to cut off and I've had a lot of schoolwork lately *dies a little bit* My beta is also currently taking a break, so if you see any flaws in my own shoddy editing job, please let me know! ^_^
“Blue?” Sherlock interrupted Sneak mid-rant, eyebrows
Three months later, John had watched a new lieutenant destroy the Gem that had killed Benson as revenge, only to be speared from behind by another waiting in the shadows.
The detective is thrown halfway across the room in an expert toss, body crashing into John’s chair and flipping over it clumsily so that his head cracked on the hardwood. For a moment Sherlock saw stars, and he gasped in surprise more than pain.
“But you want to eventually get to fly again, don't you?”
“The visitor that’s closest to your age will be Lord Gregarian. You’re to treat him politely, do you understand? He’s the son of the Fire Dragon’s chieftan, Marianna.”
to see that there was a veil covering John's emotions. His walls had come up, and now he was facing Fort Watson, a castle made of steel.
why his partner did it, understood.  Sherlock had worked
It was in the way that John quickly had to realise just how hard it was to blend into the background when army fatigues identified you not as a protector, but a potentially dangerous threat.
As the door closed and John moved on autopilot to close the curtains, the image of the seal shimmered, and the man once more knelt crouched and cat-like upon the hardwood floor. Rising nobly, the man wrapped his pelt once more about his hips, not even bothering to bestow John with a glance even as his eyes flicked towards the stairs. Ignoring the ex-army doctor’s cry of protest, Mycroft ascended the stairs without a backwards glance. John was left to scramble after the creature, cursing every step even as he forgot the pain in his leg. He carried the bucket in his hand.
All the while managing to make it sound like a rather impressive guitar riff.
Except he
It was clear that Sherlock was becoming more comfortable speaking his mind. At least, within the silent confines of John's thoughts. Aloud Sherlock still demanded nothing, and as he regained his strength his eating and sleeping habits dwindled considerably. It concerned John somewhat, especially since the one time John caught Sherlock sleeping of his own volition (or exhaustion) he witnessed the Dragon was prone to nightmares. The creature's wings had flashed mottled shades of grey and sickly green, small whimpers coming from his lips as he writhed in his bed and thrashed in the sheets. John didn't dare wake him lest he was mistaken for an enemy, but distinctly heard broken pleading in Dragon-Tongue, and often Sherlock's body contorted as if he were being struck. Misty fog streamed from Sherlock's parted lips and flared nostrils, cooling the room to a freezer, yet John hadn't been able to tear himself away, even for a moment to fetch a warmer jumper.
The detective blinked, surprised as he felt a burning feeling at the back of his throat. His voice was a whisper.
“What?”
“Would
Sherlock didn’t respond, his eyes clouded and confused and his pupils pinpricks, heavy with pain and exhaustion. Instead he stared at John in what could only be described as dependence, hopeful and vulnerable. It was as if Sherlock’s entire world was pinpointed onto John’s existence, those eyes were so filled with complete and utter fixation.
“It’s okay, John. I promise, Sherlock… he’s not the one you need to worry about right now.”
Mycroft was still a little bit dazed, enough that he didn’t really take offence to the admittance that Greg had planned to hate him from the start. He was still drowning in relief at the fact that he wasn’t actually losing a friend. Well, potentially
tell him you'd be back, but the poor thing's gone into a
The creature's tone made it a vow, a whispered gift made to the soft skin lining John's throat.
Beside him, Sherlock glanced uncertainly through his lashes, head bowed in its typical submissive state. The Dragon wouldn’t admit it, but he felt
“Dinner?”
“He lived in the countryside, ironically close to where the Baskerville facility used to be.” Mycroft supplied. “I am told he was being looked after by a distant relative. Henry’s “Hound” personality was later suppressed via a trial drug that Franklin was developing, however its administration caused… other issues.”
with a small smile, one that grew progressively wider when Sherlock's eyes widened in disbelief.
a code.
“Can’t really see the future, can I? I’m just… me.” The soldier laughed somewhat nervously, reaching to scratch the back of his head. The heat in the Dragon’s gaze cooled, and likewise Rania’s expression melted from serious to playful. Her voice took on a warm edge that somehow set his stomach churning.
It felt as though a steel rod that had been speared in through his windpipe had been removed at those words. The detective felt the honesty in the sentence, and he had to work to hide his completely unprofessional smile of gratitude. He turned back towards the window, pretending to watch the London traffic buzz by even as he smothered the further questions humming in his brain.
“I've seen you in these parts before. Lieutenant Murray, correct?”
John is enough his own person that the Detective doesn't even
convince the others to tell John. It's obvious you aren't... satisfied with the way things are as they stand....”
“I live by a dormant volcano; the Humans call it
idea.”
yours, and get to know each other.” He clapped John on the shoulder then, his smile bright and easy. “Now, what do you say to doing something that’ll drive your husband to be absolutely around the bend?”
“Sherlock Holmes... Your brother is made of ice, and yet when we look at you... we see only
“All you have to do... Is tell me about yourself.”
He was on his feet and shifting into his full form just as John rolled out of the tent, hair mussed with sleep but uniform on. In his hands was Sherlock’s new harness that had been made with their newly found ascension.  Pausing only to strap it onto the massive, blue-grey Dragon, John strapped one leg into its holding place before swinging himself up into the dip-like saddle. The other foot was barely strapped in before the young army medic was kicking lightly at Sherlock’s sides.
The higher-ups had demanded a collection of whatever weapons that were left, which amounted to anything that had been in use during the battle that hadn’t been completely destroyed. This meant that John had to kiss his hand-gun goodbye, at least until an order could be made for more supplies.
the detective knew the army doctor was blaming
He kept his hands gentle and feather-light as they reached out for the Dragon, pausing an inch from those dark curls before they carefully plucked a piece of glass from their snarls. John watched as Sherlock hardly dared to breathe, the keening noise stuttering slightly as he felt no onslaught of pain. Glancing in slight confusion up at his Master through his lashes, he saw how John rather calmly took to pushing the blunter pieces of glass into a pile, moving them so he could get closer to the Dragon. Sherlock found he had unconsciously backed himself into a wall and whined, but John didn't crowd him. Instead, he kept carefully just outside of Sherlock's bubble, rising to clear away glass and even leaving for a moment to grab shoes and a broom. All the while the Dragon remained immobile, frozen between confusion and the instinctive thrum in his gut that insisted he fear.
It was all Sherlock's tightly-strung senses needed. Unable to stop himself any longer, the Dragon warily stepped over the threshold of
“M-Myc..” And the treacherous tears that the young girl hated so much started again to rise hotly to the back of her eyelids, and God she
A painful kind of tip-toe, the likes of which Sherlock normally would not have been able to tolerate under normal circumstances for a day, much less a week as it was coming to. Except this time, he found that he was the one instigating it, insisting upon mute contemplation of their respective meals. The detective stirred his cheerios again, hazarding after a moment to bring a spoonful to his lips. He could practically feel John's eyes upon him, burning a small hole into his skull. His flatmate sat across from him, own bowl in hand, yet there was less eating on John's side and more subtle glancing. Irritating. It was all so bloody
be a trap.
However, even that melted away as each girl stood in front of the platform, kneeling to the idol and waiting with bated breath for some sign that they were to be selected. For a second everyone forgot that this was merely tradition, a celebration to welcome the floods that filled their land for one night and kissed its hurts. For a moment, the sky trembled heavy with cumulus clouds, heaving and twisting in distress. Brother Raz held the bowl high above his head, uttering a low and humming prayer. The village hummed it back, under their breaths, hardly daring to look into the eyes of the monument that loomed over their heads like a terrible gale.
How he found himself on his knees in front of the man late at night, mouth pulling clumsily on the catch to Sebastian's fly, Sherlock would never be able to quite recall.
“M’Lord! You’re back.”
John hedged, trying to find an excuse. But it was clear that Mike was convinced he needed socialisation, and in a kind but misguided attempt at help he wouldn't be deterred. The man stood firm against John's evasions, and when the army doctor finally made the rather frail excuse that "he didn't have anything to bring" Mike finally rolled his eyes and interrupted.
John buried his head in his knees, heaving salty tears until after a moment, he heard the splash of another body making its way to shore. Sherlock apparently didn't understand beyond the fact that he was obviously distressed, making alarmed burbling noises that sounded not unlike the low humming of whale song to John's ears as he approached the curled up Human. The pale boy sat down a few inches away from him, dark curls cocked to one side with his head as those wide blue eyes took in John's tear-streaked cheeks calculatingly, trying to discover the source of his pain.
“Shut up! Just shut
with relief. Like a spring being uncoiled, he could feel the energy leaving him, draining out of his limbs like water. It was at once both soothing and distressing, how easily one person's scent could calm the roaring in his mind. He wanted to fight it, but it was like a balm to a flaming wound, and he could have cried with relief. Instead he stopped whimpering, small sounds turning into a half-ashamed purr of content. Guilty.
Tightening of lips. Hands clenching. Tension in the tone of voice. Harry buttered herself a piece of toast absently, eyes glued to her grandmother's form. The old woman stiffened slightly, blue eyes clouding  in regret as she murmured
is that any way to behave? Sorry John dear, I
“You are… my queen’s ally,” she murmured, more of a statement than a question. Dark eyes regarded Mycroft warily, reading his tall figure. Ever the diplomat, he’d extended his hand in welcome. His accent was likely a little rusty, but passably decent.
with curiosity, he'd back off if John asked him to. Because he had been alone for a very long time, and had secrets of his own, and the truth was he didn't want to lose the strange and wonderful relationship he had with the man. John didn't judge.
Sneak murmured, and even as he spoke his fingers still twitched, wanting to continue playing but unable to so long as the amp was still connected. The metal box sat beside the chair, and Sherlock's gaze flicked to it as the detective's voice rumbled deeply.
“Ah, but you'd have to stop me from shooting myself first, Mr. Holmes. Do you think you could cross this room before I pulled the trigger? One of my personalities at least
Not with someone as fragmented and shattered as him.
“Your family’s hospitality’s been great. Honestly, dad was saying he hasn’t seen a party like this since my brother was Hatched.”
about every single odd quirk the Human mind could develop. Sherlock on the other hand couldn't seem to stop himself. Later, he found that his overly obsessive mind had its' benefits, especially in regards to his job. Now however as his older brother explained to him patiently that John was suffering from a verifiable “split personality disorder”, he found himself quite unsure of what he was feeling inside. On the one hand, a part of him was still very much the little boy. He was overcome with the need for more data, more information.
Sherlock dreamed of cool fingers wiping away the blackness, and very quietly murmured something in Dragon-Tongue in his sleep that made Cerioth's bright eyes stare with a silent kind of longing at the impossible expanse of open field stretching to their left towards The Wilds beyond. It was only for an instant, but the servant felt a pair of dark blue eyes on him and knew that the young man in the back seat was possibly far more observant than even he himself knew.
John didn’t like the sound of that. His brow furrowed.
The man leans on his umbrella, pursing his lips in a blank sort of expression.
about his well-being.” The elder Holmes said the word care with the same uncomfortable expression that someone might wear if a dog decided to pee on their shoes, reluctant and decidedly ill at ease. John was quick to pick up where the man’s hesitations lay, and his voice dropped a note in suppressed anger as he calmly asked
The centre of Kandahar was a hub of cultura
They were also,
Irene moaned, and John reeled back in horror when Irene looked up. Her eyes were gone, replaced with black, empty sockets. Her voice was dull and lost.
The man that greeted Sherlock was unfamiliar, but by far not the worst-case scenario. Worst-case would be an enemy, and though Sherlock was not yet certain as to the intentions of this man, there was the possibility that said intentions were not negative.
Sherlock lifted his head then, looking at John finally. His expression was lost, and he seemed for a moment impossibly young with the way his wild curls stuck up about his head and his eyes were wide. Though he did not outwardly show distress, the detective’s voice held the smallest tremble as he uttered the unutterable.
The DI downed the rest of his drink with a swallow before continuing.
And John, unsure of what was dream and what was real, found himself nodding. Even as a pang of sadness ripped through his chest, what was he to do?
them. His voice had been low, mixed with equal parts guilt and discomfort, and Sherlock found it was irritating, the hesitation the soldier used about him. Like he might break at being told to stay in his room.
board on the table. Without thought he lifted it,
“There’s magic to become stronger, if you’re willing to pay the price for it.”
“But?”
Sherlock carefully and precisely pointed out the noticeable leaf attached to the fruit’s stem, blue eyes meeting John’s own. “There will be many different kinds of food at my mother’s celebration, both of your world and not. As my bride to be, it’s important you don’t accidentally eat something that might harm you.”
Sherlock kept his composure more or less, but John thought he saw a flicker of ruefulness in the man’s eyes as he looked away and replied.
Sherlock blinked, his face momentarily a blank canvas. He peered more closely a moment, before the furrow of his brow smoothed over in realisation and sudden interest.
panic that wanted to set over him when anything to do with testing was around him. A long ingrained preservation instinct, from exactly where John didn't know. He found himself listening rather intently to the gentle noise of Sherlock's breathing, the steady rhythm grounding him even as the detective voice washed lowly over him like a wave.
It was far more complex than that. There was no easy story to tell, and again Sherlock clenched his jaw and glared firmly up at the man who wasn't John. He made his gaze hard and icy.
He didn't hear her response, already his mind was on another woman, another place. Still, her own words sounded shaken and small in her ears.
because your own skin makes you want to
“Chances are, no. But tell me anyway.” John remained stoic and staunch, unwilling to budge. Sherlock remained quiet a moment longer, but when he finally spoke, he looked up at John, silently daring him to look away as he stated
“Back up, boy!”
“Ah,” Mycroft chuckled, although he didn’t sound truly amused “You’re one of those who claims they actually ‘enjoy’ strenuous physical activity, aren’t you?”
brushed the bone.
It might have gone this way forever, if it hadn’t been for the fact that Sherlock was rather prone to invading people’s personal space.
Sherlock watched as John's expressive face lit like a small sun was underneath it. The man's voice was choked but positively melted. It was all so horrendously sentimental, and yet the Dragon found he didn't mind. Couldn't mind. Not when his Mate looked so happy, their egg placed between his knees like it belonged there. Like it was
“Easy now.”
Ryuk slithered down from her neck then, curling in her lap before peering up at John. The Queen’s hands stroked his flanks lightly, and her voice took on a mildly softer edge as she looked to the soldier before her, dressed as a servant.
"Positively chattering away, why, I can barely think like ourselves, she's so completely besotted with you. Like a child with a new best friend, telling us all about you, and
It hadn’t been any surprise that night really, ending up at Sebastian’s.
She’d still taken his heart, desperate to be united with the woman she had truly loved. She had been eaten by the wolves she had betrayed him for, Sherlock left heartless, reduced to a Spirit and filled with hatred.
curl into himself. Sherlock hastily spoke to relieve his fear.
Then, finally accepting the loss of his mind, John Watson dragged himself to his feet, climbing up the stairs to his flat. He almost didn't notice the brown-paper package waiting for him, leaning like a visitor against the wall by the door. The young man couldn't remember sending away for anything, so he paused at the crest of the last step and stared, one blonde brow lifting in surprise. It seemed unlikely it was from anyone he knew. Harry couldn't afford to send him anything and his Father wouldn't have bothered. His only real friend was Mike, but he would have given John anything he needed to in person instead of leaving it at his flat. But perhaps it was for Mrs. Hudson or one of the other tenants?
“I didn't know. I
John felt a stab of panic, but it didn’t have time to get far. He jumped as a blaze of lightning pierced the sky, striking the ground in a blinding flash of light a few feet from them. Moran leapt in the air, snarling and howling. The howling turned into maniacal laughter as the wolf turned and ran, loping off into the distance of the dream. He left a trail of blackened earth, as if scorched by his presence. Sherlock didn’t let John away from his side until he was sure the wolf was gone. When he had disappeared, the relief was palpable. Sherlock slumped, turning to John and wordlessly dragging him away from the encounter. John didn’t argue, sensing the urgency in Sherlock’s posture. His mouth was filled with questions, but he swallowed them back. He didn’t think he’d be getting an answer.
This was what lead John to staring at the date after they moved the final piece of furniture down to Sherlock’s room, mentally tallying up his plan. January fourth. Two days from the detective’s birthday. Not that Sherlock had said anything, he seemed determined to pretend as if he had come into the world fully formed, already spouting deductions and trouncing about in his great coat.
“I’d like to see that,” he huffed, shoving his hands into his dress pockets. Mycroft couldn’t help but notice how Greg’s eyes were illuminated by the goblets of sputtering gold fire placed in intervals throughout the room as he looked around. His gaze finally seemed to land on Mycroft, a small smile curving on his face. “I guess we have some time to kill, at least. What do Northern Dragons do for fun?”
Instead of answering, Dodge asked the soldier a question. Her arms were braced against Morstan’s side-table, and in the shadow of the lantern she was a silhouette of fire and darkness. Like an ember brought to life.
Sherlock realized with a frown that he was getting distracted. He pushed those irritating thoughts out of his head.
Only when the tub was completely empty of grime did John turn back on the cold water, the thundering of the water hitting porcelain making the Dragon jump and cringe violently in response. The soldier found himself awkwardly shuffling around one massive wing that was tinged nervous green, ducking from its flare as Sherlock instinctively tried to protect himself from the loud noise by flaring his wings outwards like a shield. The Dragon turned when John made a sound of distress, nearly getting clipped in the head by the scaly appendage. Sherlock was almost tempted to knock the man out, but when he caught a glimpse of John's face the thought died. The young man was grinning, staring at his leathery wing with a shadow of the awe that the creature had seen back in the Kennels. Sherlock found somewhat distressingly as he reached for another piece of bacon that if he wasn't careful, he just might get used to such an expression being gifted to him on a regular basis.
trailed like the last broken keys of a piano smashed to pieces.
Sherlock's thoughts were cut off when the sharp scrape of his friend's chair alerted him to John moving. Before the detective could move, or even properly think, the army doctor was there. Pulling him in an embrace. Closing him in a shield that seemed to be made of warmth and safety and
The water whispered, if one only bothered to listen to its words. Clouds could murmur, thunder roared, and sometimes all of the chatter was so distracting that Sherlock longed to press his hands to his ears, scream that he had heard enough. Yet when it rained, all of the voices seemed to come together in a symphony, the likes of which demanded to be listened to.
“I grew up in a very… strict household, at least in my younger years.”
“I haven't eaten today. Got lost in my Mind-Palace for a while, time flew. I was... out last night.”
I haven't updated in so long~~~ ah summer, how lazy you maketh me~~ also I've been in Canada for a while ^_^
Later on, he'd find out her name was Sarah. Sarah Sawyer.
John's husband looked at him when he brought up the idea that Elena might need more human contact as if he had stated something both hideous and upsetting beyond measure. Before he had been lax and content, doing his damnedest to imitate a giant housecat in the way he'd curled himself protectively over his Mate, purring in satisfaction at being warm and safe and loved. Now however, he was a tense ball of uncertainty, and he looked at John with a mixture of distress and disbelief as he exclaimed
times worse.
With those parting words the man left, leaving Sherlock alone to his thoughts. The Dragon felt a moment of irrational terror at the fact, one he reigned back. He shut his mismatched eyes tightly from the sight of John, retreating into his own head. There was nothing to do but wait, and having his thoughts cannibalise themselves would only lead to Sherlock’s own panic. Sherlock made a mental note to ask Mycroft for something to keep his mind busy. Something besides books. He loathed the ask the man anything, but given his captive state this seemed like a necessary request. He settled into his chair, tucking his trembling hands into his lap.
“How old are you then, in human years?”
he is.”
“The adults are too big, and if you tried to take one of their pups they'd murder you. Besides, they're just babies right now, it wouldn't be fair.”
“And then you came along... and nothing was
Should it prove to be too feral to tame.
John choked, nearly spilling the hot drink down his front. He coughed for a moment as Sherlock smirked through his scowl, looking unsure whether to be amused by John’s reaction or irritated that Mycroft had caused it.
“Permission to speak, Mistress?”
“We made a deal with him.” Blue rasped, one hand tugging absently on the nape of John’s sandy blonde hair. She rocked quietly with the motion of it, knees hugged to her chest, curled up tightly as if expecting impact. “He promised he’d protect us, and he did. He did.”
she breathed in his ear, her voice a mixture of relief and joy. Sherlock instinctively returned the hug, surprised to find how comforting Molly’s scent was. It was a mixture of florals and warmth, and he inhaled it greedily, the first smell in this place that kept him grounded. He soon found himself tackled on his other side, another voice greeting him jovially.
There was something ethereal and strange about the boy. That much, John was aware of.
“How old were you with the next house?” Because there had obviously been more.
Tedious, such dealings. Much better to stay home, especially with John’s attention all to herself. Shyla could have purred, feeling a familiar sweet ache along her skin that was for once not hampered by the crippling sensation of being trapped in the wrong body.
Yet a small kernel of hope glowed inside him, because Sherlock was no longer looking at him piteously. He was no longer treating John like he
Sherlock looked up from his chest which he had been in the middle of binding, still holding his breath even as he scowled, the end of a roll of ace bandages curled in one hand. He had accidentally burned a hole through his only binder last night, an experiment with hydrochloric acid gone horribly wrong through careless distraction. As it was he hadn't been forced to bind like this in months, and the result was glaringly poor compared to the professional compression vest he has acquired in his first week of school.
Couldn't
That was true. John didn't often show people his most prized possession. He wasn't quite sure why, only that even having Harry hold it at this moment filled him with a strange and tugging dread. He ignored the feeling, patting his sister lightly on the shoulder. Together, they left the confines of their small home, sandalled feet crunching softly in the yellow, dry grass.
Still, many people had flocked to the army, John included, as he had been convinced to do so by a fair bit of war propaganda in his time. However what he came to see as he leapt deftly off of the tube was something else entirely. He was assaulted at all sides by the hordes of people, shuffling their way to the surface like ants hearing thunder overhead as they wove in and out of each other to reach their destinations. He stood like a child gripping a tree in the middle of a hurricane, momentarily dazed by the sheer amount of noise and physical
Again that facial twitch, and John trailed off as he began to recognise it for what it was. A smile, the first he’d seen on the Water-Spirit’s face. Sherlock was finding John’s pleading
He was keeping John Watson. Come hell or high sea, the boy now belonged to
“You’ve heard from my queen, then?”
of a body rolling completely out of bed. Mrs. Hudson was out with her friends, there was not even the slightest creak of the pipes to distract the detective.
Not that he didn't bloody
John’s Bond was itching. He resisted the urge to scratch and instead thanked his lucky stars that his robe had sleeves- even if they were as thin as gossamer and only just hid the ever-growing marks that made him a target of scrutiny in both the Human and Dragon world.
He chuckled like he just told some great joke, but John didn't see exactly what was so funny. He just wished the man would let him go so he didn't feel quite so claustrophobic. Seemingly sensing that he wasn't as swayed by his silken words Mr. Lyle straightened his collar firmly and seemed to adjust to business, holding out his hand in a sweeping gesture that wasn't unlike a shepherd herding a group of dull sheep into a pen.
sent John firmly into sweet darkness of sleep, and the soldier fought no more.
“What’s… going on…?”
, instead he felt a strange ache in the back of his throat. Because Sherlock wasn't insulting him, wasn't calling him an
To this day, Sherlock admitted to finding a perverse pleasure in the memory.
It wasn’t really anything complicated, he had the rhythm sense of an elephant on morphine, approximately. To be exact it was more of a wiggling in his hips, a sashay or a shimmy of his torso. John didn’t know where this new craving to move came from, but he had a pretty good suspicion. His gem would glow occasionally as he moved, and he found he didn’t even really mind when without his real consent, he’d shift into his more Gem-like form.
The young man had muttered skeptically, but hadn't protested further as he delved deeper into the vast pages of the book. After all, who would make something so complicated for something like a lark?
Soundlessly, Bill stood before the line-up, eyes grim and flinty.
Without much thought, the Incubus found himself distracting James with ease. “Surely something as inane as a human isn’t capturing your interest.”
Sherlock stops, eyes narrowing for a split second before going wide as he realizes the implication in the soldier's tone.
No, the Army only called him originally because like many young people growing up in the Slum Districts, he was dirt poor and couldn't afford his next meal let alone an expensive Medical Degree. Studying and scholarships could only get you so far, and though John was an avid student and a hard worker, he still only just managed to scrape by as most of the time he couldn't afford the text books or even new pencils and pens. Really going to War seemed like the only option, especially with the way it was advertised everywhere with posters and propaganda signs that decorated the brick walls of the Slums better than the greying paint underneath them. In fact it was during Career Day, when he was checking out the military booth stand that he first laid eyes on one of them.
For another, he was too busy feeling his mind all but being assaulted by Sherlock's thoughts, crowding out his own, buzzing at a mile a minute. It was strange how the Dragon could so easily overwhelm him with so much information, yet nothing of particular informational value at all. Then again, John half suspected Sherlock did this on purpose. He noted how the Dragon’s hands were folded underneath his chin, and how his expression seemed dazed with thought.
Sherlock comforted him in his typical Draconian way: drawing himself up to his full height, the creature eyed the lock to the flat critically. Then, with a small nod, he dove for the door, marking his territory and staking his claim by rubbing against the wooden surface before settling down in front of it like a gargoyle. His rumbling purr of satisfaction as John gave up and settled down next to him was absurdly pleased and smug. John tried not to feel like he was spoiling the beast as his hands settled in Sherlock's hair, fingers combing absently through his midnight curls.
In a surge of frustration, he punched the mirror in his bathroom, snarl shrieking out embarrassingly high when his knuckles had connected with the glass.
Can't send her away. MINE. MY FLAT. MY JOHN. MY MATE.” And Sherlock's eyes were suddenly huge and vulnerable, looking to his Mate with a question that the army doctor had the feeling he wouldn't like. The Dragon's voice was soft as he asked, fingers tightening over the stone, holding it to his chest. He looked as though he'd suddenly like to pull John closer as well, hide him in the expanse of his wings, which had sprouted from his back in a shower of sparks and brimstone. They quivered with indecision.
was on the floor, scrabbling away from the detective and curling in on himself like he expected an attack. John suddenly appeared much smaller as a sad sort of wail came out of him, stifled by the palm of his own hand as he willed himself viciously into silence. It was a painful gesture, and Sherlock's stomach immediately twisted itself into knots as he stood frozen, unable to move forward and yet unwilling to back away.
The body count on the Human side was staggering as well.
More importantly, Sherlock is probably on his way.
In the end though, all the army doctor had to do was get the detective to just bloody
tied the British Government was right now with the affairs of John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.
me?! You’ve said it yourself, sentiment is a weakness found in the losing side, why in all of
“It is when the things I’m doing aren’t stupid to anyone but
could be read even if only just a little. John had a very expressive, open face. Almost sleepy-eyed at times, but he could tell that was more his facial features than his demeanour.
Sherlock, having come to a half-crouch a few feet away from his flatmate, felt a small chill thrum through his veins. In the dark, Blue’s eyes were hyper-bright, chips of vivid ice that were as wild and untamed as the ocean itself. They tracked the detective’s movements like laser-points, John’s hyper-vigilance making the man appear like cat poised to run from a particularly vicious dog.
. There had
Still, there were times when John questioned his living arrangements, and that time seemed convinced to come on a day in which he woke up to his partner, with a decidedly determined expression, attempting to bury him in layer upon layer of blankets. John woke to the heavy, quilted underworld of a mound of sheets, the sweltering heat from the thick cotton already making sweat curl at the back of his neck. John sat up just in time to have a particularly weighted tan afghan flung at his shoulders, wrapping about his neck like a comical scarf even as he blinked blearily into the early morning dawn.
“John! You have to help me!” His friend moaned, sounding panicked and utterly knackered even from the separation of a telephone line. “I did everything I was told to do, I mean it was written all down in the pamphlet but-”
And yet for all of its demonic appearance, it was sleeping like a kitten before him.
And the Dragon didn't know and couldn't read it from the man, but it scared him and compelled him at the same time.
Getting clean took time, Sherlock did not make a smooth recovery. Like anything else he faced, he was stubborn and obtuse, and only Lestrade’s tentative promise of bringing interesting puzzles and cases to him each month he stayed sober kept the fledgeling detective on the straight and narrow.
“I’m sorry.” John blurted out, cutting off the uncharacteristically nervous monologue before he had even realised what he had done. Instantly he sunk his teeth into his lower lip, afraid that he had offended the Water-Spirit.
woke Sherlock from his stupor. When the Dragon blearily got to his feet, he froze to hear a high and plaintive voice, a child reaching out for him, giggling and growling in perfect Dragon-like rumbles.
Not for the first time, Mycroft tried vainly to reason with his brother, the self-imposed exile evident in the man's too-thin frame, and in his eyes that were filled with mistrust and wounded, animal intelligence.
for such a lovely task?”
Sherlock asked, wanting to know.
John scowled, grip only tightening.
John looked up, his mouth falling dry as he saw that the night was no longer dark, instead pale grey. Above him, no sound could be heard, the upper floor as still and silent as death. Almost dropping the tome with the sudden, clutching fear he felt tugging him to action in his navel, John found himself scrambling up the stairs. He, looking back on that moment, would not have been able to tell you what compelled him in that moment to care for the well-being of a creature not even of human species.
“What happened between you two? You don’t agree with Sherlock’s choice obviously. All of this. You don’t… see him as your brother-”
Mycroft looked hard at his brother, icy eyes disapproving. His mouth was set in a moue of distaste, even as his hands gripped his cup. Always seeking warmth, and yet his breath was made of cold as he asked in exasperation “Please don’t tell me this is going to be a repeat of your past. You
Colonel Wilkes sharpened his stare, coming closer so that he stood in front of Bill, a few feet away from John and Sherlock. John noted how his friend stared perfectly straight ahead, slightly down so as to not challenge the higher ranking officer, spine stick-stiff and hands at his side. The perfect model of a soldier. Wilkes' voice held in it surprise, as well as a touch of something else that made John swallow and feel a small flash of unease.
“Gran was right,” he breathed excitedly, and Sherlock was promptly surprised but pleased when the little boy all but tackled him in a crushing embrace. John's voice was giddy with wonder, looking down to Sherlock's cloak and seeing it for what it was.
“Please Mike. You can't tell anyone.
Also, I will be taking a hiatus soon as I move.... I will try to get one more chapter in though! :3
John didn't have to think twice, knowing that no one else would volunteer to do it. He was desperate at this point to make the horrible noises stop.
Tears of regret over
Roughly translated to
Sarah noted how the man's hands
John could taste the energy inside the creature, like a firework put under pressure. Cheered slightly, the little boy tried to encourage it, clapping when Sherlock suddenly turned to dive head-first into the ocean, emerging like a fish a second later to paddle swiftly back to shore. Soaking wet and yet without a care in the world, Sherlock's mood seemed to be infectious. The creature carefully sang out another line, the same buzzing energy oozing through the notes and filling John, replenishing his mood so that it became buoyant and free.
“Don’t try to be coy with me, the dead see far more than anyone living would find comfortable.”
“It’s ironic, for one of my kind to walk in dreams is a normal mode of transportation. Yet Humans place such firm walls between their dreaming and wakeful state.”
The Dragon's gaze swept over John with minute speculation, noting that the Human before him showed tell-tale signs of sleep deprivation and stress. His pupils were dilated from drinking too many caffeinated cups of tea, and dark circles hung under his eyes. The blue-striped jumper he wore wasn't quite as tacky as the beige one he had worn the other day, but it made him seem younger somehow. Sherlock found he was looking at not so much a soldier, but something between a man and a boy. His blonde hair was slightly ruffled, making look not unlike duck feathers sticking out in every direction in golden tufts. Though short, it was just long enough that the Dragon had the inexplicable urge to run his hands through it, if only to test to see if hair could really be as soft as it looked. Quickly though he did away with that thought, mentally kicking himself even as his nostrils flared to take in the smells of the flat around him.
Then, She heard
The telephone call came to him in the evening, and it rang shrilly and would not be ignored. At first fearing the worst, Mycroft had answered, expecting to hear that something had happened to his family. His sister’s harsh breathing left a tendril of concern twisting in his belly.
“We are not always.....
howled in his head.
The child released her bite only to snarl something in the strange, rumbling language she and Sherlock sometimes shared, her hands curling about John possessively in an action that might have been sweet, if the good doctor wasn't swimming in pain. Sherlock rolled his eyes at whatever she said, trying to reason with a stroppy infant as best as he could. From Elena's slitted expression, he might very well have been failing.
“And you can
Still, it was nearly midnight before John's hand, fingers trembling something terrible, slid towards the heavy latch sealing the Crate and its contents inside.
“Nice to meet you Claude. I'm Sherlock Holmes. Tell me, do you know how old you are?”
“It's all fine.”
Not that he really cared.
I’m more interested in his breaking point.” Those eyes darkened, and a purr rumbled in the Demon’s throat. “Also the effects of two Demons on one human. What do you say, Sherlock? I can see you’re hungry.”
with a sight he could honestly say he hadn't expected to find.
the sounds of shadows not-quite-there writhing in his head.
“Today would be nice, Mr Lestrade.”
The Dragon-man then proceeded to try and curl John closer against the warmth of his bare chest, attempting to cut off the conversation, but the ex-army doctor wasn't having it. Putting a restraining hand on Sherlock's stomach, John remained firm. His gaze was determined as he looked up at the man.
fingers pressed against him and hurt him even though they also sometimes felt
The little boy at first tried to shout, tried to have his voice leap over the sound of the rumbling thunder, but he was cold and weak as a drenched kitten and already he felt the clammy stick of salt water on his scalp and how his eyes burned with exhaustion. Words kept sliding into his head, his mother's voice taking on their accusing nature.
John looked fragile, tied up as he was in a hateful collection of tubes and beeping monitors. His pulse was being monitored in a lime green line on a screen, and despite the fact that Sherlock was aware of his Mate’s health, he took to staring at it for long moments. He found himself sitting in the available chair without being fully aware of such actions. There was no other option, it felt as though rocks were tied to his feet. He felt the strangest compulsion to take John’s hand, and was idiotically irritated that it was too swathed in gauze and wires to do so.
Dragons began to become standard-issue weapons in a sense for the Queen's Army around the time that John turned twelve. As a child, he had imagined great hulking beasts that breathed malignant black smoke and slitted gold eyes like the stories his sister used to read to him. Tales of The Hobbit came to mind as he grew up, of monstrous creatures and glittering hoards of jewels hidden away in underground waterfalls that shimmered with black magic. As he got older however, he learned that a Dragon in its full form was indeed terrifying and monstrous, but that a Dragon disguised as a Human was far, far worse.
It took Sherlock a moment to analyse where such a statement came from, and when he did his laugh was a harsh snort of disbelief.
“Know this. Until the end of time, I will
Carefully, he slunk along the wall towards the door, forcing his breathing to be measured and calming the heartbeat pounding in his ears. He saw the creature's ears flick towards him, but other than that there was no response. It seemed that the beast was too lost in its own consciousness, drifting like a piece of wood on a sea that John couldn't imagine the colour of.
What he didn’t expect was the kind-faced man that sat before him now, happily accepting a cup of tea from Sherlock with a mumbled
For a moment, John debated with himself. On the one hand, he knew exactly what his friend was implying. He'd take his Dragon back to the Kennels, or finally gather up the courage to use force in discipline. Neither of them were vouchers for violence, Mike being too gentle and John having had experience on the receiving end of that kind of treatment. The soldier knew that if his friend went there, a part of Stamford might possibly break, not to mention what mental state his poor Dragon would be put in because of it. Yet on the other hand, John couldn't put off the feeling that Sherlock needed him right now. His own Dragon was clearly upset and he didn't know how, or why it had happened. Leaving him now didn't seem like a good idea, especially because chances were he wouldn't be able to coerce Sherlock back to 221 C.
Jaw tightening, the detective's eyes lowered to the floor as Mrs Hudson chided him, clearly seeing his uncharacteristically chastised expression. The elderly woman was surprisingly brutal, tearing into him with a vehemence that would have made lesser men cower.
And, Gods knew that the Water-Spirit needed lots of it, for all the trouble he'd caused in his lifetime. Shaking his head, the Frost-God turned, disappearing in a whirl of snow. It fell softly to the ground, momentarily confusing the guards along the wall below, baffled faces looking to the odalisque sun sinking behind the mountains in the distance. As darkness claimed its fingers on the land, fireworks began to pop and spark and illuminate the air in dazzling explosions.
minded what it
So after
His lips parted, though what he was going to say was drowned out by the distant shriek of sirens. As it was, Daniel never let him finish. The man was already on his feet, John’s warm words in his mouth, mingled with a Scottish accent that to Sherlock had become nearly familiar.
dream. The thought was foolish, and Sherlock mixed in milk with his tea and sat himself down opposite to John, refusing to coddle him despite how his fingers itched to hold the man close.
Her touch couldn't seem to rub the brand-like feeling of it away.
burned their town for supplies.” She paused then, listening with a furled brow as the man continued to speak. “He’s asking for help, as some of his slaves and people are wounded and hungry.”
But John had been in Afghanistan, and he knew the answer to his own question. He
“Sorry.” Under his breath. His voice was cracked and raspy, as if Sherlock hadn't spoken in a very long time. John was privately impressed with the creature's language skills, but saddened by the fact that begging was the first time the Dragon had bothered to speak to him. Crouching in front of Sherlock and grabbing his medical kit, he rolled up the trouser leg of the Dragon's clothes, dabbing at the smaller cuts with hydrogen peroxide. Sherlock hissed at the sting slightly, but offered no other complaint.
His tongue ran over his teeth in excitement, and Sneak didn't notice how a camera trained on the back of his head as he instructed the cabbie to take him to the eastern half of London. The rougher parts, but he felt rather confident in his own sense of safety, seeing as he had military training as well as the fact that Sneak was undeniably brilliant.
The elder Holmes' gaze flicked over the man that had once been John Watson, eyes tracing over each stain, each bruise that lined the man's arms (his sleeves were pushed up to his elbows, revealing the scars that Mycroft already knew were there) each cut and purpling smudge of violence on his skin. The elder Holmes for a moment lost his voice as he analysed the raw carnage from merely the blood underneath the ex-army doctor's fingernails. His voice terse, and behind the man Anthea hovered with her phone in her hand. It was clear she was preparing to signal for emergency, should the need arise.
breaking point was
John flinched as the Spirit then stepped forward, robes rippling sinuously about his form like silken waves, long fingers reaching out so that pale hands cupped his chin, forcing the young man to stand taller. Like he was inspecting goods on a cart, Sherlock's lips parted inquisitively, eyes scanning the mortal's face as if he wasn't quite sure what to make of it. John tried not to shy away, chains shivering minutely with his hands. The Spirit's fingers were like ice against his skin, pressed against the erratic rhythm of his heart. Raz stood behind them, pressingly oblivious to John's heated glare and Sherlock's dead-eyed gaze, continuing the ceremony as if no one could feel the cold that the two men felt for each other, both too proud to look away, neither proud enough to risk the wrath that rebellion of this wedding would bring. His voice carried out to the crowd, his hands still stained with paint but dry as he held out the sacred binding cloth, a strip of red silk. The priest came forward and between the Spirit and the Human, a key in his palm as he unlocked John from his chains, only to bind his wrists tightly in the silk. He then passed the other end onto Sherlock, and much like a leash the Spirit held the silk tie in his hands, signifying ownership. John had to bite the inside of his cheek to stop the curling nausea that hummed low in his throat.
The Chinese Dragon refused to speak as he cut the engine, looking out at the flat expanse of country they were in. Sara and he lived on the outskirts of London, and as such they had been driving for quite some time. Already the sun had begun to sink lowly in the sky. It was always strange to the Dragon, how time could seem to speed by in a blink, if he did not pay attention. How his own thoughts could have him float on a current of absence and not care exactly where time lead him. He became lost sometimes in that stream, and his Mistress often had to dig him out.
The round-faced boy sighed somewhat mournfully but didn't argue. He adjusted his glasses back onto the bridge of his nose before he replied
At first they disregarded it as PTSD.
And he didn't think anything of it as his usually stoic brother smiled at his shorter companion, his deep voice rumbling an open invitation.
Sherlock wished he could make that smile somehow
He stopped then, looking down at the boiling water he was about to pour into a cup. Sherlock's limbs seemed to quiver, and taking a deep breath, his voice was low and vulnerable as his sentence came out almost like a question.
The Water-Spirit found Molly resting just outside of his chambers in an ornate chair, her long brown hair free from its usual elaborate ties and hanging loosely in waves down her chest. She was bare-foot and in her nightclothes, but true to Sherlock’s earlier orders she had not left in case their new guest had a need that could be fulfilled. With his approach she stirred, soft brown eyes opening blearily before clearing as she came to realise that she had dozed off. A small flush rose to her cheeks even as she leapt to her feet, bare toes digging against the marble floor.
And though it would pain Sherlock, possibly drive him
Athrú = transform, Duine= Person, man:
At first, he could feel the muscles in the beast coil under his hand, and the young man cringed and waited for the inevitable snarling and snapping of teeth where he could say goodbye to his hand. However in the next instant, something happened that made John for just a moment freeze, his mouth falling open in surprise as he had to blink to make sure what he was feeling was actually real. The Dragon, after pulling away from him and the coolness of the cloth,
Humming, Sherlock’s voice dropped an octave even as he eyed the strawberries with hungry contemplation.
lay unspoken before them, the story of his childhood trauma a topic of much discussion, even before he'd been shipped off to war. His therapist, Ella smiled her professional smile at him, and her pen clicked sharply as she scribbled something down in her yellow notepad. John resisted the urge to look down and read what would be there. He knew already.
He looked like a farmer's son.
“That man nearly destroyed everything I hold dear. How can I have his son come in here… and
Hamish clapped his hands together in affirmation, smile wide and as awestruck as John’s always was when Sherlock did something clever.
John had swallowed in response to the news, his hands clenching in his bedsheets. His voice was hoarse.
He didn't dare.
he'd be so dull, so irrepressibly
“You know nothing about us, our needs and our wants. How could you possibly think you could keep him like this? A pet or an experiment. Nothing more to you. And for him, you are… a relic of the past. A childhood curiosity that forced my brother to give up
John was oblivious to the fact that Sherlock was boring a hole into him with his staring, so used to it by now that he barely flinched away from it anymore. He padded over to the kitchen and opened the cupboard over the sink, hunting about for his favourite cup and saucer while his thoughts ran towards a nice cuppa. He frowned however when his fingers brushed against the empty expanse of counter, and backing up he peered into the living room closely. Sherlock was seated in his favourite chair now, hands folded under his chin in prayer-like form as his eyes roved in thought. Beside him lay the tea tray.
It does come, the last of the memories, and Sherlock never really found out what triggered it. One moment, John was smiling and laughing across from him at the table over some news article or another, then next Sherlock is laughing alone. At first the detective didn’t notice, thinking John had gotten distracted by something. Yet as Sherlock raised his head, the glazed expression in John’s eyes sends a dropping sensation through the detective’s stomach.
The Mother's sang the warning to their pups, even while dragging one of
John kept his ears strained for any kind of movement from below, licking a nervous tongue over his lips and hearing nothing at first but the sizzling of bacon crackling in the pan. Then, ever so quietly, he heard a small
It was strange, how some people just shattered that illusion, as sure as crushing flowers into the cup of their palms.
Blinking in surprise, John shuffled somewhat subconsciously.
For the Dragon's mouth opened, and from his lips a glacial fog drifted, filling the flat and making it descend into chilly tension.
In fact, John Hamish Watson had originally as a child wanted nothing to do with fighting. As a small boy, he had been the kid in his little run-down neighbourhood to avoid anything to do with a scuffle, having seen one too many between his old man and his Mother for him to have the taste for blood. He grew up instead often pulling his older sister out of fights, like when Harry was younger and had attacked Timothy Banks for calling her ugly. Later, he had protected her from the same Timothy Banks when he had pulled a knife on her when he found out she was shagging his sister. Maybe that was why John originally developed a Healer's complex, because he watched so many people get hurt in the little ghetto district he had grown up in. Wounds were a constant thing, a telling passage of time, and John found a comfort in being the one who fixed them. There was a kind of completion in sewing together a cut, and a solace found in taking care of the ill as they lay before you. It was the knowledge that you were
An itching, nagging feeling crawled along Sherlock's spine, tingling through his bones as he breathed in, holding his hands up instinctively in a supplicating gesture even as he crouched a few feet away. The information on dissociative disorders was vague at best, often contradictory with other sources, yet each website and forum that Sherlock had analysed had agreed on the same thing:
in love with Sherlock Holmes.
“Bluebell. She’s a brown crab, or
. “You in league with that bastard detective? Jerk still owes me money-”
The tone was Sherlock’s, but the please was not. Still, it somehow snapped John out of his daze, muttering apologies, he quickly lead the way, gesturing towards the morgue while all the while peering at Iolite out of the corner of his eye as if she were a new enemy he might or might not be assessing.
Sherlock had said with a callous wave of his hand.
With no answer to give, the personality kept silent. Yet Sherlock thought he caught a flicker of something within Sneak's expression, something vaguely approving. His words were calm.
to himself) before he could at very least assess the mental state of his friend.
, cataloguing
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, James.” He held out a hand to shake. The child did not take it, looking at his hand with thinly-veiled distaste. Instead he turned towards his adopted brother, his head tilting in consideration to the side.
Please enjoy! kudos comments and constructive criticism make my week! :P
… The Dragon’s running slowed, along with his heartbeat, and his own fingers found the collar fastened to his neck. The cold metal seeped into his skin, numbing his panic into shame. For a moment… Sherlock had forgotten that John was human, and had wanted nothing more than to wipe away Xavi’s scent, to permanently bite that pale column of neck and ensure that John could not be taken from his own hands…
From inside the Crate, the Dragon moaned softly with the sound of a baby crying, shivering and sweating with eyes wild and disoriented. It broke something in John, the idea of such a proud and lovely creature sentenced to death like nothing more than a rabid dog.
Papa.”
Only to stop dead when he found John holding the photograph. For one second, John felt the horrible and niggling sensation that he had just pried into something very,
John had to bite back a rather scathing reply about just how
less strained and agonising.
John chose not to comment on how Sherlock's cold tail twisted itself possessively about his wrist. Soo Lin's smile was gracious as much as it was relieved.
“You’re in my cabin, on my dry land. Here, I am in charge,
something that was not his, halting John from bringing himself closer to Sherlock.
Her voice was grim like ash.
“Where did you get
John had heard of the chaos of it, he had expected it even. The soldiers milling about him, holding their positions against the whirling shadows plunging down like bombs from the sky, the destructive hail of their bullets and screams were things he had known he would be expected to experience. But he hadn't known how a thousand Dragons could
He kept his voice steady as he continued to prod.
The radio had long since stopped playing, if he strained he could make out the edges of lyrics to Mrs. Hudson's song.
The reaction is instantaneous.
Sherlock didn't know what to make of this strange Human, that didn't refer to himself as 'Master' like the others did that had tried to break him. In fact, most things the strange man had done so far had gone against all of the Dragon's past experiences, leaving him feeling strangely off-balance and desperately confused. He clicked to himself in irritation of the discrepancies.
, and that when he comes back there'll be no way of knowing exactly where he is. Then the blackness overtakes him, and John Watson is no longer John Watson.
ALSO I reached over a hundred comments on the last chapter when my own replies were added. Plus all the kudos. Guys, you have really honoured me. And made me squeal like a little kid more than once. Thank you.
“Greg?”
Until very recently,
Molly startled at the sound of his voice- clearly she hadn't expected him to speak. Her pale face coloured slightly at the squeak of surprise that left her lips, but she hastily pressed on, a slight stutter taking over her words as she quickly tried to ease John's fears.
Under them is something
An overly friendly, joyful moron.
“It wasn't just what he saw, it's what he
He could've sworn the Dragon actually
Scowling, he willed himself to move towards the toilets, refusing to allow himself to second-guess.
The D.I quietly moved forward, finding Sherlock silhouetted by a hallway mirror. The detective’s face was turned artfully away, and though Greg couldn’t see much, he could tell that the detective was rubbing something off of his lips, his eyes and cheeks. Lestrade’s eyes narrowed upon the tissue, seeing the faintest wine-coloured lipstick even as incredulously he found himself asking “Are...are you wearing
even though all Sherlock felt he was doing was observing. Of course; he handled it much more smoothly than the average person would, keeping his gaze level and his posture unrepentant. He let himself stay relaxed and cool and callous, Inside however he squirmed. Because even if he could normally retain an air of aloof reproach when scrutinised by most people, he was entirely unused to having the pair of dark blue eyes that he knew so well staring at him with such sharp-eyed clarity.
. He did not turn to look at his friend, but he could sense John's sadness, like a heavy thing draping itself on the flat. It felt wrong, leaden with assumptions incorrect and painful.
“Is that what you are? Dead?” John asked, because asking why she thought he was falling in love with Sherlock was asking more than he wanted to know. She stared at him, or perhaps through him, her eyes lost in a memory.
“It's.... Black....Just plain black... But there's no doorknob....It's gone.....Just.... there's nothing there....”
Thank you as always for reading, and any spelling mistakes in this one are my fault.
, when he had someone he desired in mind?
And still again and again, John found himself knowing human beings less and less, and Dragons, more and more.
The detective found his companion to be incredibly tactile during their hospital stay. Far from complaining, Sherlock rather found he enjoyed the soft kisses upon his forehead and the gentle fingers that would find their way to his nape or his curls.
and younger and frightened, trying in vain to coil away from an unseen shadow that reached out to strike him across the mouth.
The wolf hummed, his ears twitching agreeably. He was closer now, Irene noticed, and she could see that he was much larger than any wolf should be. His muzzle alone could have ripped her leg off, snapped her in two without effort. This close, she could see his fur wasn’t just black- but the absence of all other colours. It made the wolf seem unreal, a shadow or a dream.
Unwilling to let go.
to understand before, Sherlock found himself wanting to see if John would try. If he would
he will prove himself more than capable of dealing with the common drabble of high court.”
The thought made John's stomach twist with unease.
“My mother might die.”
“Good, John. Now John, can you tell me... Is anyone in this room with you?”
He pushed the sheets of the bed aside and rose, vaguely noting the expensive thread count. Sherlock padded his way barefoot towards the door, finding it almost a relief to note it was locked. This was familiar, being trapped. He could work within these parameters. The Dragon looked around, noting that there were no windows of any sort, and no way to note the time. His internal clock guessed it to be early afternoon, but that was an approximation at best. In truth, he’d prefer a clock. There wasn’t much in the room save for a small table and some magazines.
my world.”
His mother hummed, her voice soft and amused. She lead Mycroft back to her side with her tail, until he and his brother were tucked safely by the warmth of her stomach.
He was amazed because
“Murray, I shall also require
It was a while before Sherlock could manage to speak through the chattering of his teeth, but when he did it was a rasping croak that made Daniel wince at its roughness.
“And your
She had sounded so young, only twelve, and he had wondered how much his heart could twist in pain before her heaving sobs put together a garbled tale of monthly bleeds. Instantly Mycroft felt a wave of relief flow through him, followed by irritation. Really, she needn’t have sounded so terrified! His sister had nearly given him a heart-attack!
“Having Hamish hate you even for a short while would break your heart Sherlock. I know how much you love him, and even though you put on a tough act, it would break you. I love both of you, and even when you’re upset with each other it’s obvious that both of you love the other to bits. Hamish isn’t stupid, he's fantastic and
“There are plenty of books in the library.” Sherlock offered, but John merely shook his head. He sunk his towed head further into his pillows, staring up at the plain white ceiling in defeat.
“I can't stand knowing your life is at risk over the likes of me.”
His sinuous movements were snake-like, predatory and dangerous. John was vividly reminded of his childhood, first seeing Sherlock on the shores. The Selkies looked human, but there was a missing piece, the telltale shred of humanity absent in their eyes. Instead there was
And the Dragon, the bloody, sodding
It was in this way that neither of them heard the turn of the lock of the door to their flat, or the nearly soundless footsteps entering
“Hello, John. This is my brother, Mycroft.”
As she spoke her hands reached out to brush the bandage, and the Dragon reared back and snarled something emphatically in Dragon-Tongue that made Sherlock pause and grin and Soo-Lin's cheeks to pinken in surprise. The English Dragon rose to his full height, collar clinking with the movement, and in English carefully enunciated despite its foreign accent, he spoke through bared fangs.
“Fire exposes our priorities, Holmes, but it also makes us blind to the obvious.”
He pretended like he didn't sound like John did when he spoke to an injured patient.
long since I've bothered to come out.”
In his hands, the book felt warm, almost hot. John’s eyes cast themselves downwards out of their own accord, scattering across the words until he found himself picking out lines, the strange and poetic linguistics seeming to float before him.
But as the night would go on, Sherlock would also feel his rage. His fury at Humans, his own anger at his pod. His melody would warp to darkness, and he would spit his lyrics towards the foam, watching the waves roil and froth in response to his rage.
Still, Sherlock did not seem inclined to listen. Instead he pushed his way into the airport eagerly, tail snapping behind him in a rather serpentine salute. John could only follow, cursing lowly under his breath as behind him, Dodge sighed.
, offering not pity, but a silent understanding.
And John suddenly realised Dodge might be right, that his illusion of control over Sherlock was just that, an illusion.
“John Watson is
And then Daniel's voice, the parenting figure despite everything, softens in her ear.
wasn't really the right word to describe him, at least in his opinion. A more
The rest of his pod called to him, using his title,
“So do
He dreamt that he was swimming in black water that clung to skin sluggishly like tar and painted his precious scales black and grimy. It stung like acid when he tried to lick it off of him, blistering his tongue. It also tasted foul and poisonous. He couldn't stop swimming for too long though, because as soon as he stopped he began to sink. In his True form, he lashed and writhed, terrified when this would happen. It was too hot, everything was too hot.
He had really meant what he said.
If he couldn't solve it, couldn't fix the problem, then as far as he was concerned, it never existed in the first place.
The man murmured, but the detective didn't reply. John rose slowly to his feet, cautious as he crept forward. The detective didn't
John pressed a finger to his lips, shushing and begging Sherlock to secrecy. The detective, still feeling slightly rumpled after the sudden physical affection coughed, righting himself quickly enough even though his heartbeat seemed insistent on pounding out of his chest. Ridiculous. He smoothed down the lines of his suit even as he gathered his thoughts, taking in how Claude seemed
families before. The children had always looked at him with a complicated mix of mistrust and fascination, and he had reciprocated the stares more often than not with a glower of his own.
Seeing Sherlock’s face as they parted, flushed darkly pink and eyes dark with desire and love, certainly didn’t seem to mind.
The man peered at him with that terrified face, and Sherlock knew that he was silently asking him not to question. Not to demand an answer for today’s earlier events. The detective wondered just how much John knew of his Alters, or if he was just aware of the blackouts. The marks in time where things happened that he couldn’t remember. But that wasn’t what Sherlock wanted to know, though he could’ve broken the rules and asked. Because he couldn’t lose John, and right now, Daniel and the other personalities were holding the only kind of blackmail that could work on him over his head.
John tried not to pretend that to this day, the rather cold Dragon did indeed intimidate him.
“You don’t want to know,” He murmured. “You don’t…It is. Difficult. To speak of.” Molly’s lip quivered, but her voice was firm as she replied.
Dodge's voice broke through the thick atmosphere, distracting Sherlock from his inner turmoil. Her voice was tense.
“Watson promise, love. You know my family, we keep our vows.” And John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's temple, hands trying to stroke away the man's past by working their way soothingly down the ridges of his spine.
It would be a guessing game it looked like, and John Watson despite his irritation found himself not for the first time willing to play.
by now. You're a better man then I am, Mr. Holmes. I love classical music, but I always feel it's missing something. It's my hobby, transitioning classic pieces into rock. Fun hobby, a mix of new and old.”
The Water-Spirit placed his hand over John’s lips before he could say something else that would damn him further, fingers smoothing over the young man’s cheek and wiping away the tears that were born from exhaustion and a loss of hope.
His last thought was for how gently the Spirit cradled him, despite his cold face. And how even though everything else seemed so dry and so arid, when Sherlock moved John swore he could feel rain streaking his face, washing the paint and the blue moon away.
“Sherlock, where is the milk for my tea?”
“I analyse generalities. Not nanobytes of a person’s life. I can’t tell you what grades you got in elementary school, although I can make an educated guess. I can’t tell you what you did at night in the care homes as a child. I can’t deduce every little thing that has happened to you since the beginning of your existence, John, but Mycroft can get the information.”
like the detective hadn't just stepped on a land-mine.
So fear not, I do indeed, live. ^.^
And quickly, almost too compliantly the woman gripped her Dragon's spines and heaved herself into the dip between her wings, tears trailing down her cheeks while she pressed her face against the scales beneath her, muttering apologies. John watched as the Dragon shook, its pride completely shattered when the creature wearily rose back to their feet.
It was nearly four in the morning when, apparently reaching a breaking point Sherlock snarled, spinning to the pathologist (who had been watching the pair nervously for most of the evening) and demanding in a voice like a growl “Fuse with me.”
John exhaled hard, more a physical heave than sound. With some effort, he reigned in his temper. Sherlock stood before him, a hard statue with an unreadable expression. John couldn’t look at his blank face for too long without wanting to punch it. It was how he knew he was in some ways being irrational. He needed to get away, to cool down and find some answers from someone more willing to talk. Molly, maybe. John squashed down the tiny voice that wished the thrice-damned spirit before him would give answers, it was a lost cause.
He was rewarded with the sound of a half-man half-beast creature diving into the tub of ice-cubes, a happy chirruping burbling from inside the bathroom. John laughed under his breath, listening to the strange chittering noises the creature made to itself and feeling not unlike a parent hearing his child speak and walk for the very first time.
“Afghanistan..... but....”
Sherlock's glare didn't lessen, but the colour of his scales cooled to a stoic light blue before he nodded once, crisply. His eyes fell back to the floor in the customary way, and his voice though edged with discontent offered a backhanded apology.
“They
, however he felt as if he
John was too proud and
John would have to resort to shameless bribery to sweeten its mood.
The little boy understood suddenly. The Selkie had redressed him, but the boy's clothes were torn and mud-stained. His wrist was still bleeding, he could feel that much. Yet he still could not wake, even when his father tensely murmured
Then, his stomach left his body, plummeting down into his toes as with the mightiest of roars, Sherlock leapt towards the sky, leaving Sebastian Wilkes to cough up dust, a rather dangerous glint in his eye as the man realised with fury that the stupid creature had kicked sand purposefully in its jump.
“What you need is someone to tell you to
He grew to
Sherlock slumped visibly in relief when his flatmate took his word with a smile.
He could almost
Not now......
to him...
It worried him.
“What's your name?”
As the tent flap closed behind Sherlock, brigadier Morstan seemed to straighten. Her smile didn’t falter, but it seemed to become brisker, more business-like. Her voice took on the no-argument quality that she was known for, firm and crisp.
Morstan’s gaze was keen, cutting through John’s confusion.
The detective said nothing, gaze once again sliding down and away. Avoidance, classic response. The man's lower lip was trapped between his teeth, and his spider-like hands clenched on the surface of the table. John tried not to notice how the veins stood out prominently, blue-black under pale white. When Sherlock spoke, his voice was slow like molasses, and barely reached a whisper.
, as Selkie's only mated once within their lifetime. Even Mycroft could not undo this magic, once John donned a seal coat of course. The tribe would be unable to complain, the heir to the throne tied to the little Human in more ways than one.
a logical man. Right now, he was
“Mrs Hudson, what a surprise! Take a seat, please. I was just enjoying the sunset… It’s so beautiful out here.”
Bill’s words had made John’s eyes shutter with a kind of wistfulness, the source of which Sherlock hadn’t wanted to stop and think on.
Whereas the Humans looked at the very least well-fed, if not rather opulent in their attire, the servants at their side caused the back of Sherlock's neck to prickle with uncertainty. He saw dark eyes, whip-marks and collars that were not only spiked, but designed to choke and subdue when pulled. He saw Hatchlings, little more than Drakelings crouched in the dust and sand by the shops, clinging to their parent's clothes as they hunted the ground for dropped bits of fruit and cheese. Like mice they had huge eyes and skinny frames, dwarfed by clothes that were clearly patched and ragged from long wear. It made the Dragon's scales crawl suddenly, to look these cousins of his directly in the eye. Tugging once at his collar distractedly, Sherlock did not respond when John gasped at the magnificence and splendour of all the things the market had to offer. He couldn't blame his partner though for not noticing. After all, every Dragon Sherlock saw had their heads ducked down, their bodies curled so as to appear as small and invisible as possible. If he weren't wearing a collar himself, Sherlock might not have seen them either.
Ocean around him a blanket that was cottoning off his senses, John found himself no longer able to fight the desperate need to breathe. His lungs felt as if they were going to burst, filling with salt rather than air. His limbs, once scrabbling against the arms restraining him, began to twitch then relax. The burning fury left him, replaced instead by cold. Distantly, John thought he heard Sherlock’s singing, a high and haunting melody that was lulling him towards the finality of sleep.
“She was the fairest of the maidens, all soft and silk, an' she was frightfully clever. She caught him starin' and decided to scare him, just to see if he'd jump. He did, an' screamed like a right little one.”
like Mummy, and when he came to the door, Sherlock found there was very little he saw of himself in the man. It was disappointing, at first. Arthur Holmes at a glance, was
“....Disabled. Right.”
kudos and comments are loved!
). Sherlock hadn't spoken not because he hadn't wanted to, but because he
John could, he found. Maybe he was just dizzy. Maybe it was something else, but Sherlock's voice had changed in his ears. It now held in it a power he couldn't identify, something heavy and comforting and thrumming and whole. It cradled John, made him feel instantly okay, despite the fact that he was disoriented and afraid. He wanted to go home, but he also could not imagine moving. Not when Sherlock pressed his lips gently to the boy's forehead, murmuring soft orders into the shell of his ear.
abilities.”
And this time, he suspected which personality was coming out. And he struggled to not let it happen as in horror he realized that Sherlock was still waiting for him outside.
The mumblings made no real sense to Sherlock, but he latched
dream, because such a feeling he had never felt before. Something so fragile, desperate and willing to please. In the shadows of the water, John found himself swimming around individual patches of sunlight where the sun's rays permeated the water, hiding but wishing against all hope to join the sinuous grace of the young pod coasting only a few feet away. It was something deep and visceral, nearly as pulling as the song that spilled from their lips as Sherlock in his dream sang out his desire to belong.
like it was offensive, but John pressed on, aware that no one else was listening. To anyone who looked, it would appear as if John was simply trying to sneak his harness onto Sherlock, the device still clutched in one hand despite the fact that it made the embrace awkward.
Sherlock wasn't listening. He was too busy pulling himself into the cab and barking directions to the driver.
“The fat peon’s always badgering me for something.”
“So. Now you know.”
Might not have recognised the hate for him, masked by a veil in their eyes.
She cryptically went back to her phone, not bothering to explain any further.
He laughed to himself, in the shadowy corner of that bathroom. He refused to believe it sounded hysterical and damnedly high in his ears.
, and Sherlock couldn't help but feel as if he'd wandered into some kind of faerie land. Was it possible he was just having a very vivid dream? To make sure, he brought his arm to his lips and bit the inside of his wrist hard enough that it began to bleed. He startled when he heard the Human make a small, distressed noise, staring at the copper liquid that streamed down his wrist with panic. Hastily, Sherlock licked over the wound, sealing it shut with his saliva before the Human could punish or yell at him. Still he waited, just to make sure that the man wouldn't reach into his pocket and reveal the little silver remote and point it at him.
was the detective, wondering if he had somehow crossed a line.
Inhaling deeply, he could smell the faint soapy-warm scent of the blonde man he vaguely remembered lingering about the trail of cubes, confirming his suspicions about a trap.
John himself was nearly asleep when Sherlock replied. It was with a small, nearly silent whisper. Still, the army doctor heard it.
After waking from yet another unsettling dream that involved endless deserts, Molly chose to visit the pair. She knocked on the door despite it being unlocked, and then a moment later politely let herself in.
The Selkie took a long, considering breath. His restless hand motions paused.
so... this chapter's a little bit shorter.... but I feel like it's important.... :/
He thought to himself that the world was actually going to hell when in response, Dodge merely laughed.
Then softer, oddly enough tinged with bemusement
The detective as if hearing him from under the deep knell of a snowbank looked at him slowly, blinking. When he replied, his voice was small, utterly calm but barely legible. Still, John felt confusion.
He found himself staring at the setting sun, chin cupped in one hand and a beer balanced in the other palm. He didn't taste it going down, humming to himself even as the sun slipped away, swallowed by the ocean's wide reach. A drop of fire drowning for fear of night.
“So, you want to know what it’s like being married to a Holmes.” Greg stated plainly, seated cross-legged in front of John. The statement was blunt, but it was true enough, so John nodded and resisted the urge to flush as he felt Sherlock’s eyes on him. Still, he managed to keep his voice from wavering when he spoke.
And quite possibly vicious.
It was then Harry spoke from where she was seated in one of the hard and unforgiving plastic chairs. She was still dressed in her pyjamas, hair mussed from not sleeping for an entire night while looking for her brother. Her eyes were large and serious.
Rania had merely looked at her sister, and known in that moment somehow with utter certainty that she had killed Neith.
But just as it looked like John might reach it, a wind that was as powerful as it was chilling tore through the village, scattering leaves and ruffling the young man's robes. John shut his eyes against the dust that threatened to fill them, and when he opened them, the soup bone was gone.
“What....
him dinner, because this was outrageous.
from your problems! I cannot live a life constantly worried that
And Blue, so hollow and certain that the rest of the personalities fell silent, unable to answer.
“I mean it differently than I think you’re thinking, Johnny-boy.”
Thanks so much for reading!!
for her lovely work!
John almost considered asking if he could visit his friend, if only to attempt to cheer him up.
And oh.
It was such an expression that the man could safely say he'd rather drown himself than ever see such a feature cross his partner's face ever again.
No one expected it when the bowl of water started to glow. A white-bright light that streamed from the priest's fingers and cast out the darkness just as a terrible strike of lightning illuminated the Water-Spirit's statue so that his eyes seemed to pierce the night.
Now the detective was worried. Mycroft had told him of
The man who greets him is tall. Well-dressed and carrying an umbrella that he twirls lazily in the air. Daniel refused to turn his back on either him or the guards that escorted him in, resolutely refusing to be manhandled inside either. Instead he only agreed to be lead, and even then those blue eyes never stopped moving.
