Eventually, he finds the willpower to get to his feet and walk out of the room. Even as he goes, it’s like there’s a string tied somewhere under his ribs, a tugging in his guts that points him back toward the place where Bucky still lies. He pushes that down, too.
It’s very freeing. For a while, he doesn’t have to think or worry about all those tangled, painful feelings tucked back behind his ribs. He can just lift things, ease them into place, hammer and screw them down and then step back and see that he’s
It’s not long after that that Steve leaves Wakanda. He’s come to love the country, not as much as his homeland, but no small amount either, and it’s not easy to go. Still, this feels like something he has to do. He offers the others the chance to come with him, but they turn it down. Scott doesn’t want to go anywhere except America, and Wanda doesn’t want to interrupt the focus and control that she’s learning to maintain from one of the most experienced of the Dora Milaje. Sam looks the most regretful of the lot of them as he tells Steve that he’s not ready to be done being settled just yet.
come back in a year and a day to cut Ross down to size. He thinks of the possible improvements to the Accords on file with the committee, and he thinks that maybe now he has the tool to do it.
has never been a problem, darling.” He sat up to free the arm he’d been leaning on and made a show of patting his pockets. “But I don’t seem to have any nickels. Think you could manage a discount?” Steve wanted to laugh, wanted to kiss that exaggerated pout, wanted to tease him for being so silly and so damn
There is no way to make an artificial intelligence
. His focus was an intense and almost physical thing, quickening Steve’s blood and making him feel light inside. He had the strongest feeling that it didn’t even matter what he said next, that Tony would be equally delighted with any response.
. It can’t be, unless it is. Unless Ross, for some reason, brought it back.
“Kaecilius.”
Jarvis’ tone was neutral and courteous enough to make Steve wince. God, he must’ve really hurt Tony for
Nope, he was going to draw Tony’s bot, and nothing else. It was a little jarring shifting his focus away from the smooth, organic shapes of Tony’s’ body and over to the angular lines of the bot, but Steve had a mission.
“What, you don’t trust me to know what I’m doing?”
“What do you like to do?” Steve asked. He really didn’t know much about her, except that she was magical and connected to Tony.
Deeper down and kept secret even, perhaps, from himself, he thinks,
talking like that would be somehow disgraceful.
“Well, who says I can’t make friends with Friday, too?”
Despite the intervening years, the bar was just as Steve remembered it, all dark wood and unpolished bronze. Deep sodium light drifted from the alcoves like snow and accumulated on the intimate booths and tables, on the edges of shelves that glinted with deep red and amber liquors. He wasn’t quite dumb enough to ask for a drink from one of the heavy crystal decanters—though, under the circumstances, he almost wished he were—but he was definitely dumb enough to step into a certain kind of bar in the evening, to slide into a certain open space at the bar, and to cast a certain kind of speculative eye around the men who were lounging against the wooden counter just a little too close to one another.
“No, I meant your
He doesn’t.
Steve attacks in retaliation, and Tony responds dispassionately. The hurt of betrayal seems to have leaked out of him along with all the other excised feelings. Now, he looks into the face of Steve’s wild vengeance, and he just feels cold and lost. Steve doesn't care about him anymore, if he ever did. He feels more like crying than fighting. He could analyze Steve’s fight pattern, but… honestly, he doesn’t care enough anymore. Steve is fighting to kill, Tony can see it in his rage-blind eyes, and Tony thinks it might be easier just to let him. Some would say that he’d get to see his parents afterward; maybe this is the way to heal that grief.
“Oh, I’ll be pleased too, no worries,” the man said easily. It was impossible to tell the color of his eyes with the light at this angle, but his heavy-lidded salacious look threw the dark smudge of his lashes into sharp relief. Up close, he wasn’t just handsome; he was downright breathtaking. Too beautiful, really, to be wasting any of his attention flirting with a rickety old thing like Steve.
What he
, as though
And T’Challa leaves. He doesn’t come back until the next day, battered and bruised, and one of his warriors is laid up for days in the same medical facility where they’re keeping Bucky. T’Challa goes to visit her every day to ensure that her recovery is going well, and one day Steve is even brave enough to come along.
For a long minute, Tony considers just deleting it all. Not the mistakes, of course—that would be too much like pretending they’d never happened—but the useless longing that has filled up his thoughts, his heart, for a decade or more. He’d never been able to let go, no matter how straight or how furious Steve seemed, but there’s no reason to doom the artificial version to the same fate. With everything else that’s going on, no one will even notice if an AI Tony Stark stops pining for a man who will be even less interested in his digital self.
Careful, Stark. Don’t get too close.
Tony takes a deep breath, and he asks.
“Strictly speaking, I’m not allowed to say,” Steve confided. “It’s either going very well or very, very badly, and I won’t know until tomorrow.”
“I don’t understand,” Steve said.
“I want this,” Tony replied fervently. “You’re not even going to ask me why we can’t have sex?”
what he decides. He has no obligation to make either choice, no punishment if he chooses wrong. For the first time in months, it’s up to him to choose what he
“I don’t think you do,” he said quietly. “Tony, you’re the best person I know.”
The days are okay, at first.
That was when Tony had given up on working with Steve. When he had wiped Steve’s mind rather than continue an argument that went nowhere.
“Tony?” he said more quietly. The more time passed the more he realized how his declaration could be taken, and how he might, in truth,
“Sorry, I’m sorry,” he managed. God, this was embarrassing. Fighting in a bulky metal suit had done wonders for Steve’s muscles, but—as he was feeling now,
“Sure I was.”
“Tony, what happened?” Steve demanded, reaching out to get an arm around Tony’s waist and help him inside. He ended up taking what felt like almost half of Tony’s staggering weight, and his gut twisted again. “Are you okay?”
“Cheap date, huh?” Tony said, and then he let his role fall away too. “You seem like the kind of guy who deserves better.” His lips brushed carefully against the corner of Steve’s mouth, and he breathed, “So I’ll do my best.” It was a quick little thing, the kiss, barely enough to register, and not nearly enough to satisfy what was growing in the space between them.
“It’s not his fault, Hydra had control of his mind!” Steve exclaims, defending his friend. Tony’s insides twist up a little further, frozen between feelings.
Tony Stark has made a lot of intelligent programming in his time. There are the basic versions, only there to help him work through calculations, and the more complex creations that help him run his armors. There are the digital imitations of his friends—like PEPPER, and QUILL. He knows his way around AI technology by now, backwards and forwards, inside and out.
and Steve would have known him in silence and darkness, and he knew him here in light as easy as breathing. There was a kind of frustration in him, thinking of being close with Steve romantically and never touching him, but it was buried underneath the tentative joy that came of knowing what Steve would do, or not do, for him—what they could be
Tony was completely glued to his seat. His heart was caught in his throat and he felt a burning in his eyes. Blinking quickly, he turned to Principal Davis. Principal Davis who had remained silent for most of this meeting finally chose to speak up.
Now Coulson just had to see who this wouldn’t end well for.
“No, Tony. Hey, no,” Steve said placing his hand on Tony’s chin to bring their gazes matching each other. “You did not let him do anything to you. Everything that happened to you was not because you let it happen.”
“Then he would take his clothes off, pretty fast. You’d watch on amused because he looks like some eager little puppy. Then he’d ask you if you were sure again. After that he’d probably spread you apart real nice,” Ryder further explained sliding his hands down Tony’s legs and spreading them.
And it was at that point Steve lost it. Just the thought of him getting anywhere near Tony had him seeing red. He was out of his seat, without a second glance. Even Bucky and Natasha weren’t able to clasp a hand onto his shoulders so that he would remain in his seat.
Steve laughed, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders. The rest of the team slowly began to give their own congratulations and jokingly argued about their spot as Tony and Steve’s best men. The night continued full of laughter and celebrating the engagement. At one point Clint had humorously called for speeches and it was all fine and well…up until Thor started weeping as he quoted he was so overcome with emotion.
Tony didn’t like the face he was wearing.
His mind continue circling around those thoughts and it only served to increase the growing pain in his head. He distinctly remembered his head bouncing off of the window in the car at one particular sharp turn. He remembered Ryder touching the spot of impact and cooing at him.
"I apologize in advance for any tears shed" Pt. II
Nick looked at all of them who had various degrees of confusion, anger, and shame expressed on their faces.
“Yes. The Accords allow her to access help, develop her powers, and provide therapy for all the trauma she has experienced. We do not want to restrict her powers. We do not want to criminalize her. So in order to do that she has to work with us. We need to alter her image and make sure she is not perceived as a threat. We need to do this to make her safe,” Isa explained. “You understand, right?”
He had told Steve that leaving didn’t make sense. But Steve had stayed with Bucky and now Bucky felt the need to go with him even if he didn’t agree and he told Steve that. Bucky looked to Steve again and hoped for once that him seeing how affected Tony was with his departure he would want to stay.
,” Tony groaned. “I was so not ready for that,
“But they’re your
The emotion was gone a moment later, and Steve had more important things to worry about than pinning down one distracted moment in a brawl. He couldn’t stop to want anything, much less to ask for anything. Not now. He hardly stopped to breathe until the sounds of combat had begun to fade—
people who weren’t this good.” More flattery, though this time it probably had something to do with the fact that Tony’s cock was redder and heavier than ever and just slightly damp at the tip.
“S… Steve?”
But that fight was over and done, and Tony would never know for sure how it could have gone. Sometimes, winning and losing are indistinguishable.
“Very romantic,” Steve assured him.
Now was the time to say it, before the moment passed.
There was an awful
reading my mind this time, you cheater—“ Friday snorted indignantly— “and then use that to plan ahead…”
,” Tony burst out. “Please don’t blame yourself, I just—I can’t.”
It’s like flipping a coin. For a long moment, it hangs suspended in the air, unsure whether it’s going to turn up heads or tails, bitter or fond. Will he send away the man who kept such an awful secret from him, or will he allow him back in, a little bit, and try to make things better? All at once a beautiful lightness sweeps through Tony as he realizes that it
“Steve?” he says. His voice cracks; Dummy leaves his side for the first time in hours to bring him more water.
“What do you mean?” Tony asked, looking equal parts puzzled and pleased as he leaned into Steve’s touch.
There was a choice. There was a choice, and they were making it right now. Steve smiled back and stepped closer.
One woman tells him that the last time she saw that much concealer on one person’s face was a girl she brought into a shelter a few weeks back.
There was a flash of confusion-introspection-Tony-specificity-solving-joy-satisfaction, which Steve took to mean that she wasn’t sure what she wanted to do, but that she and Tony usually did math together. It was unexpectedly adorable.
Eventually, they kissed. Steve’s bike had just been parked in the garage after a long ride along the shore and the sun was just starting to go down when they stopped outside of Stark Tower. At first, Steve thought he was just going to drop Tony off home like he always did, sending him back to Jarvis and his bots for the night, but there was something different in the air. Something about it felt charged, almost alive, and Tony’s hand was hot in Steve’s.
, so that the AI will know how to help and guide them when they need it. That’s more difficult, but so much more important. That’s what this is
“Steve—“ Tony said, sounding like there wasn’t enough air.
Tony has a panic attack.
Tony takes a step towards him, charging the repulsor in his right gauntlet. It whines as it floods with power and Steve cries out a warning behind him, but Tony doesn’t listen. He rests his gauntlet on the Winter Soldier’s metal shoulder, watches the man’s body tense under the grip even as the look in his eyes changes. He looks
—it had been hell on his joints. Some of the old bitterness surged again on the back of Steve’s tongue. “I’m… not exactly what I used to be.”
The unicorn in question came up close to them and rested her horn ever so carefully on the place where their skin touched, and the ringing sound of her thoughts returned, but this time it was
Yeah, they could still be making armies of robots and borrowed SHIELD agents to play out the stupidest grudge in history, Steve snorted to himself. Much worse.
There’ll be time to deal with that and everything later. Won’t there?
None at all.
“Why did you take that hit, Tony?”
“If this were something I could fix by breaking down the door, I would’ve done it already,” Tony says cautiously.
for you. I mean that. But, you know, this isn’t just for you.”
The unicorn—and Steve still couldn’t quite grasp saying that, even in his head—had walked right up to Tony and was now nuzzling affectionately into his chest, horn resting on his shoulder while Tony stroked gentle hands over the creature’s neck and mane.
. It wasn’t a tone Steve usually heard from him, and it made him almost more anxious than a whole slew of bruising had done.
Steve learned that Tony was greedy in his kisses, but warm and generous in giving them back. His rhythm was rich and languid when he was allowed to lead, yielding and eager when he wasn’t, and bites made him shudder all over. He squirmed and arched in the best way when Steve played with his nipples through fabric. Pushing his tongue deeper into Tony’s mouth, Steve learned that a gentle touch to his palate would elicit the sweetest of moans from the back of his throat, but too light a stroke would make him give a ticklish shiver. It was unexpectedly endearing, and the warmth spread through Steve’s insides, joined with the fire that had caught under the dim lights of the bar. It was difficult to remember to keep himself inside the width of Tony’s shoulders so that Tony wouldn’t reach for his chest—it would be so, so easy for Steve to abandon himself to that heat, to lose himself in the sweetness of Tony’s hands and mouth on his body. All he would have to do was let go.
Half the night is gone, and Tony’s running out of time to do his real work, to make up for his failures. He needs sleep, or he won’t be able to do what he must come morning. But Tony is too tired to spin another new thread.
“I don’t know if there was another way. I just thought that if you were in danger, and I could do something… it would be worth it, to give up whatever’s left of my life for you. Even after what happened between us.”
feel. “Okay,” he said aloud, like it would help.
Steve is hinting, but he’s leaving it up to Tony to make the choice. To offer this solution because he wants to, and not because he must, because he’s backed into a corner. Tony thinks of honor again, thinks of what he’s supposed to be. He thinks of winning
But Steve was, at heart, an optimist. He refused to mourn their friendship before Tony told him, straight up, that it was over. That would hurt like hell if it happened, he knew, would
Steve goes to France, just because he hasn’t seen it since the war and it feels familiar. It hurts being here without Bucky this time. It’s not his home, not really, but it’s a place he’s spent time, and one that hasn’t really changed too much in the places that weren’t battlefields. It’s cleaner, maybe. The west-going string under his ribs loosens, here.
So when they got to the bedroom, Steve put pressure on Tony’s chest, pushing him to sit on the bed and climbing into his lap. He’d figured out long ago that the position was harder for his worn knees, but easier for keeping his damaged chest out of reach—but he’d be lying if he said the choice was wholly pragmatic. He
Maybe
in the way that kissing him was somehow more.
Germany is easier, because he speaks the language well. Here, it’s easy to feel the difference between the two ethereal strings under his ribs, one south-going and one west-going and both of them taut and aching. They’re always there, background noise to everything Steve does as he explores. There are fewer tourists, because the airport still isn’t what it was, but that’s okay. It’s not the tourists Steve wants to talk to. He takes up the habit he had developed in Wakanda, of wandering and asking questions, talking about everything and nothing and, when he feels brave, asking about politics.
“Look, I know things are awkward between me and Tony right now, but I just… I really want to fix it, Jarvis, please,” Steve said. “I know my feelings are… inappropriate for our friendship, but I want to move past that, more than anything. I can’t lose him.”
, finally stirs all the feelings Tony has suppressed these long months. Something that feels very like Iron Man wakes up in his heart, his strength arising from powerlessness. Tony wants to try—but it’s more than emotion. He’s
“Hold still,” Steve instructed him, and held the rag under the curve of his jaw to catch the saline so it didn’t run all down his side when Steve started to rinse the scrape. Tony hissed as the cool saline made contact with the pinkness exposed where his skin was broken, but he didn’t move, even to talk, until Steve was done and withdrew the wet, pink-tinged rag. The injury was still bleeding, but sluggishly, and the dirt was gone as far as Steve could see. Ideally Tony should’ve gone to one of the city’s hospitals for this, but Steve knew he wouldn’t so he had to do the best he could on his own. He leaned back over to the kit to get out antibiotic ointment and gauze.
It wasn’t the end yet. It couldn’t be. But Steve knew, sitting by the side of the unconscious Iron Man on the field of battle, that this was far too important to leave any longer. He was just trying to come up with the words.
time.
Tony laughed brightly, forming up his suit and powering up his repulsor nodes for flight. “Yeah, winning sounds about right. Coming, Cap?”
He’d thought that Tony wanted to be open with him, too.
“It still doesn’t matter,” Steve insisted. “Like I told you before, I like you, you like me, and we’re not going to sleep together.”
Somehow, Steve’s random wandering happened to bring him to the one coffee shop Tony apparently frequents. He wonders if he’s reading too much into that.
on his tongue and reciprocate.
When night falls one day, Tony knows where Natasha has been.
“I wouldn’t mind,” Steve said. He wouldn’t foist the issues of his fragile old heart onto some poor man who’d probably had a long day, too. But Tony just smiled and leaned on the bar, his hand still relaxed beneath Steve’s.
“Believe it or not…” Tony said into his hair, amused and airless, “I had planned to take my time with you.” Steve swallowed. Tony’s strong hands were already wrapping around his hips, big and warm, and he allowed himself to be gentled and guided toward his own bedroom.
“He just twisted his fingers and then the whole world was upside down. I couldn’t—there was nothing I could do, Steve. I wasn’t strong enough, I couldn’t…” Tony licked his lips, still staring into space, and his gauntleted fingers shook and clicked against the bedframe. “I fly all the time, but when he did… whatever he did… I just fell.”
“And you don’t want me to touch you,” he stated flatly.
He gets up the courage to walk over to the lifeless shield. To touch it, even.
“I’ve tried this on myself before,” Tony said. His voice was low and matter-of-fact, but his face was slightly flushed. “It’s not the same as doing it to other people, and I always got frustrated before anything really got good. I guess you could just… do whatever you normally do?”
pretty good at punching things,” Steve agrees self-deprecatingly. “But I’ve been thinking lately, and… there’s plenty of other things I can do, too. I’m real good with a pen, for one.”
That relieved sort of agony on Bucky’s face as the technicians filed the ragged metal of his shoulder smooth. That little quirk of Bucky’s mouth as he said
fail his friends, but that doesn’t mean that those are the same thing.
Something about it was just one straw too many for Tony, and suddenly he was up and scrambling to throw his shirt back on, leaving Steve's side cold where Tony’s body heat had been. A sick feeling of regret squeezed at Steve’s heart as he watched Tony hurry away from him like he’d been burned.
He was shading in the reflective metal of the bot’s casing an hour later when he heard Tony calling his name and his head jerked up automatically.
, he met Steve’s eyes. “You thought I was
None at all.
Tony, inexplicably, started apologizing.
“No, you weren’t,” Steve argued.
“Is that—is that not—“ Tony looked more than mortified, he looked—he looked
And, well, there was a little bit of vanity there too. Just a little. Steve had a nice smile, he’d been told. Very handsome. He broadened it hopefully, just slightly, and watched as his face took on a strained quality, like someone had tugged at the corners of his mouth. Ugh. That wouldn’t do at
“Nah,” Tony said lightly, though he still looked a little worn, like he might’ve said
,” he said, scorning the last word, “thank you so very much mister Arthur C. Clarke, but yeah, I’m doing my part. So how’ve you been?” It was an obvious attempt to change the subject, and it backfired on Tony when it just made Steve consider what he’d said even more closely.
, he hears, and the memory wrings his heart like a sponge, drawing out so much old buried pain that his breath hitches.
Anyway, Steve wants to go back to America. He says as much, and T’Challa doesn’t laugh in his face, but probably only because he’s a dignified warrior and king and that isn’t his style. He doesn’t laugh in Steve’s face, but his carefully measured response, about
Steve calls, and this time he’s outside. Tony can hear it. For a long moment, it’s all he can hear, Steve’s words fading into the background.
. Iron Man is the very best of what he is.
He’s thinking about Tony now, so the admiration comes flooding back, an old awe and wonder smoothing over the jagged edges of mutual betrayals. Steve sinks to his knees in the grass and lets himself drift back to an older time, when this new world was bright and loud and just a little terrifying, when Tony had slowly become
“That sounds nice,” Steve said, hoping his voice sounded normal around the dryness of his throat and the flip-flopping of his stomach.
This is what Tony passes along to Ross at the end of the day, along with a thorough debunking of yet another Falcon sighting. Even the most basic photo enhancement reveals a Lufthansa jet, nothing like a winged man.
But it was one fight of many, and there was no stopping then, either. There couldn’t be, when all of them fought for nothing less than
Swallowing again, Steve lay down on the bed and reached for the supplies he’d left there, eager with the idea of taking Tony inside him. He wondered if Tony would want to open him up, or if he’d rather watch. Normally Steve would’ve had a clear preference for the former, but the intensity of Tony’s attention made him wonder what it would be like, spreading himself open under Tony’s sharp gaze. Whether it would be
“It’s not a lie. I didn’t know for sure that it was him until the video confirmed it,” Steve insists, and now he’s not even really fighting back. His hands are wrapped around the metal wrists of the armor, just tight enough that Tony can feel that they’re there.
Steve smiled a little tightly and fought a blush as he shifted them around on the bed, wondering how best to arrange them. He didn’t know which positions Tony liked best, but then, he didn’t suppose Tony would know yet either, from this side of things. Start simple, then. If he got Tony to lay facedown, with a pillow or two, they’d have a good point to start from.
he ever was.
Once they’d stopped next to the Mansion’s back porch, Tony raised armored fingers to his mouth and whistled a clear, piercing note that fluctuated oddly, making Steve think of ciphers and frequencies and coded signals. But a whistle couldn’t be that complicated, could it? You’d have to be as quick-thinking as—well, as Tony, to understand something that complicated at that speed. It had to be Steve’s imagination.
“You’d do that for me?”
It wasn’t pity. It really wasn’t. Steve nodded.
—and whenever he got to the begging stage he made himself stop and start over again in hopes of being more coherent the next time around. His stomach was so tense with nerves that he wasn’t sure he’d be able to eat.
her thinking. It wasn’t quite words, wasn’t quite pictures, but they were plainly her thoughts all the same, full of concern-Tony-determination, happiness-newness-Steve-resolve-helping. She was glad that Steve would help her take care of her stubborn human, he understood.
“And I was wondering whether you wanted to do lunch or something, to celebrate that?” It was just lunch, he told himself, quelling his nerves. He and Tony did that all the time, so there was no reason to get worked up over it this time. None at all. Just an ordinary lunch between friends, right up until the moment it wasn’t. Because Steve was going to ask this time, he
If this was it, he wanted to be honest.
When lunch comes, Tony takes his time, and his walks are more ambitious. He clings to the outside world, to the people and the places he has loved, to prove to himself that they are still there. He breathes in the exhaust and the insults and the chatter in the air, to prove that they are still there. If they are real, if the world is real and somewhere in it are people he loves, or loved, or loved him, then he can face Ross again.
Steve smiled once more and had the surprised satisfaction of seeing Tony pay for his drink without taking his darkening eyes off of Steve’s mouth. He did a little double take when eh saw that Tony had paid with a crisp tenner and didn’t seem to be waiting for change, but maybe Tony was the kind of guy who could afford to buy the bottle for his glass. Definitely
“I will inform him,” Jarvis repeated, “but Sir will make his own decision. I suggest that you have your own meal, at which time Sir will join you, or not join you, as he sees fit.”
Ryder gave a few calming breaths. Every time he thought of that day…the beginning of it all he grew upset. That had started something inside of him that tainted his soul. When he went to Harvard, he was ostracized. Apparently news had gotten around that he had been fired by Mr. Stark because of something scandalous. Rumors flew around and then reports of his past started circulating. Ryder had to study abroad in South Africa just to get away from it all.
Tony’s voice was rising and Miles was starting to shrink in on himself. Steve stood off to the side as he watched Tony place Miles on the floor. He noticed that Tony placed down Miles so that he could gather himself. His shoulders were rising as he tried inhaling a ragged breath.
“Yeah that’s why we planned on after eight and until two in the morning the park is open for all of the high schoolers to enjoy their time, while we take the kids back,” Tony said. “We’ll have the normal workers step back in to do their jobs, while giving them a nice Christmas bonus, since they’ll be working later hours.”
“I don’t think you did,” Steve exclaimed. He stepped closer to Ryder. “I’ve known Tony longer than you. I get that you were friends in college, but you don’t know him. So you can’t speak for him or claim to know his best interests.”
Guys?
Bucky straightened his shoulder. It was only then that Steve noticed what he said and made hasty efforts to apologize. Bucky waved off the concern.
“And then to that I would probably say something like you were the very first thing I was terrified in this brand new century. And that was because I found out to me you were love in its simplest forms and I hadn’t had that since Bucky and my ma.”
Natasha wrapped the towel tighter around his shoulders. She sighed in relief, shoulder slumping from released tension. “Yes, we’re all here. I’m sorry it took us so long.”
Rhodey’s boisterous laughter echoed in the lab and he shook his head. “Tony.”
He swung Miles into the air and then settled him on his hip. “I’m sorry about that. I had to calm Tony down and then Miles suddenly came in and then ran out looking for help. I’m sorry. Were you all busy?”
“Yes, because you two are what they call science bros, right?” Steve inquired.
“You know Stark-Rogers has always had a ring to it,” Tony said. “Get it ring. Because holy crap…I have a wedding ring. I’m engaged. Oh! I have to call Pepper and Rhodey. Everyone!”
Steve swore to him up and down that he would kill anyone who dare even suggested that Tony or anyone else in that case ever deserved to be abused. Tony had talked him down out of that, but still rested with the fact that he didn’t want anyone knowing what he had been through.
“And man, you just made it so easy, falling apart at my hands. Never knew how touch-starved a person could be. You made it easy for me. Now don’t fool yourself into thinking you were ever going to leave me because you weren’t. You and I were probably going to stay together, if your little band of misfits hadn’t arrived. And that scares you, huh?”
“He having never mentioned Ryder is exactly why I need this favor. I won’t tell you everything about Tony and Ryder’s friendship in college. All I know was it was great for the longest then things turned toxic. Friends growing apart and all that, but I always felt it was more.”
Steve didn’t bother holding back a tear from falling this time. Tony watched the tear fall down his cheeks. Tony had since stopped beating on Steve’s chest, when Steve grasped his hands in between his. Steve ran a thumb over the soft skin there and raised it to his lips. He pressed a soft kiss against his wrist and let his tear fall between their joined hands. His mouth trembled as it kissed Tony’s balled fists.
“It’s okay sweetheart. Take your time,” Steve drawled leaning forward to place his elbows on his knees.
Thanks for all the comments, kudos, and bookmarks. I appreciate them dearly.
He couldn’t do that though.
“I knew I should have taken you out of there sooner,” Steve grit out.
He wanted to make sure he would never do it again. Ryder often told him…
Steve’s note of surprise on his face did not go unnoticed. However, it eased into something softer when his eyes rested on Tony. He went into the room, hands holding a bowl of soup and a cup of water.
[2] Det er greit. Du er trygg, min kjærlighet: It’s okay. You are safe, my love.
“I pretended that there was an emergency with Miles,” Tony said sheepishly pushing his body onto the counter. “I don’t know you were just talking about how amazing the spaghetti was and well…I realized that I didn’t want to be there with Ryder.”
Miles laughed and this time swallowed all his medicine. “Cookie?” He made grabby hands at Tony and snuggled closer to him, once Tony picked him back up again.
“Hey,” Tony whined. “You were just in the kitchen. You could have made yourself a bowl.”
Steve ran his hands through Tony’s hair as Tony rested his head on his chest.
He pressed Tony’s hands tightly to his chest. “I have to leave because I can’t stay knowing that I’m the reason behind your nightmares. I can’t stay when I know my presence is still affecting you in a negative manner Tony. It breaks my heart.”
“Yeah. The chat has been silent.”
“Okay, I’ll take on guardianship while you are away. I truly hope you know what you are doing,” Steve implored, waiting for any sign of hesitation. Not seeing one ounce of hesitance, he nodded. “I’m sure you will be the one to inform him.”
So his Stevie well he always had this darkness in him, but only in the case to defend others. It had never gotten this bad to the point where Bucky could see death reflected in Steve’s eyes.
Steve took a few calming breaths, put one half of the soap bar to the side, and used the other to finish cleaning himself. He calmed himself down with thoughts of Tony laying asleep in his bed, curls lying loosely on his pillow. He brought to mind the soft puffs of breaths that only he could hear. He thought of how good it was to be able to be near him and hold him close without fear of him leaving. He liked to think how there was still enough space beside Tony, that had Steve thinking that Tony may have chosen his position on his bed on purpose, as though he was making room for Steve.
Tony blinked his eyes up at the ceiling again, this time calming his breath.
“But no honestly May, Peter will be protected as if he were my own. I have eyes on him always and that’s not going to change. I’ll make sure he doesn’t get into any harm, while webbing it up.”
“She’s so the leader of the little black widows. You think so too right?”
She walked out of the room and went in search for the driver. While she was on her way to meet Steve, she refused to let herself fall into the thoughts that perhaps she didn’t agree to this meeting to save her sister, but more so to save Tony who didn’t deserve any of what they were doing to her.
It was the laughter that rang out, “I don’t know how I’m alive…how we’re alive, but by everything above I’m glad we are.”
Steve was smiling, eyes alight with joy and relief. He tilted his head to look at Tony, before looking back at Bucky and easily saying, “Nothing. It’s just I can be very creative with the ways I want to torture him in the span of five days.
All of them had been wondering whether they should leave Tony in the dark or tell him about what was happening. There were heavy arguments for both sides.
Tony rubbed his hands together. “Born ready.”
Steve nodded.
“Neither the world nor I am ready to even see a future without him in it,” Fury said. He picked up his sunglasses and put them on his face, therefore hiding any strain of emotion that could have possibly shone. “If they ask where I went, lie.”
“Darlin’ one does not simply learn, one experiences,” she drawled again in her fake heavy accent.
He let a satisfied smirk spread across his face, before punching the bag that Bucky was holding. Four days would go by easily enough, at least with his mind thinking of the many ways he could make sure Ryder regretted the day that he was even born.
Word of advice to anyone working on a student film, make sure your producer reserves the location where you are supposed to be filming. Otherwise, you have to scout for a space and that causes you to have to schedule more filming times because things got pushed back, yay! On the other hand I love the cast and crew, they are special human beings and I love them. So thanks for letting me work on that!
Tony simply hated that it took him being in this room and the fact that it was taking longer than expected. He forgot how well Ryder was at lying and manipulating a situation.
“So where’s Miles? I mean I came here for all the children, but I wanted to check up on him and see how he’s doing.”
Cali looked worriedly between the door and then at Tony. She sighed. “Ryder won’t be here until tomorrow morning. Make this call quick though. I don’t need him coming early.”
“Maybe that’s what he wanted,” Isak muttered.
Thor narrowed his eyes at Bruce and tilted his head in confusion. “I called him.”
“Do you trust me?”
“They won’t come for you and it’ll just be you and me. But that’s okay because you love me, hmm? Yeah.”
Seeing Harley about to argue this, he motioned for them to get ready to leave. “Alright guys let’s leave Principal Davis to his day.”
“No.”
Shoutout to the ones who stuck with me and this story, even with the sporadic updates. I love your support more than you'll ever know.
“There will come a day that you make a bad judgment and it will get somebody…some people killed. It will destroy homes. It will undermine a town’s efforts of being developed. Your bad judgment call has already done so.”
Miriam stopped shortly, eyes blinking owlishly. “Oh, okay. Well, I need to get back. But it was good seeing you again Ryder. We’ll be catching up soon, right?”
“That’s one way of describing it,” Tony laughed, bright eyes burning with mirth. “Sorry carry on.”
Steve reached out to grab Tony’s waist and settle him down on his lap. Tony gave out a startled sound of surprise, before resting his arms around Steve’s neck. His cheeks flushed with heat as he took in Steve’s expression.
“FRIDAY make sure you put a note aside for me reminding me to buy more of Natasha’s make-up and replace it,” Tony stated grabbing his phone and heading out of his bedroom.
“He’s not my kid,” Tony told Rhodey. “Bambino let me lower the brightness. Hold on Rhodey.”
“Oh, yes we definitely went. So we go to Amusement Park, yes. I had to pack snacks for Clint because as I previously mentioned he is a child. We go inside and somehow, someway in my bag are ten different juice boxes,” Natasha noted.
Since he was already up, Steve decided to go ahead and get a start on his day. First things first was finding out where on earth Tony had gone. Slipping on some Iron Man slippers that Clint had bought him as a birthday gag gift, which was now one of the most comfortable things Steve owned, Steve quietly left his room and headed to the boys’ bedroom.
“I’m truly glad to be back, Karen. I miss the little ones. And I’m sorry that I wasn’t around to help out more and make sure that you guys still had everything-”
“Clint I’m so sorry. I should have never asked you to become active again,” Steve said.
“If you came from this conversation thinking otherwise, perhaps I need to go over this again,” Steve teased. “Yes, I’m going to do it all Tony. Staring with dinner.”
Ryder let go of Tony’s arm to open the door to their room. Tony wasn’t expecting any roses or anything special. However, he hadn’t expected darkness that was only lit by a desk lamp. Ryder pushed Tony into the room and followed him inside. The door creaked behind him and Ryder closed it and made sure to lock the top lock.
And this school was amazing for Miles. The smaller class room sizes meant the teacher’s attention was able to be focused a lot more on all of the students and Miles benefitted greatly from that. He was also finally able to make a few close friends, something that had been an issue at his previous school.
Tony broke off.
But the most striking of it all was Steve standing in the center of it. Steve who was nervously wringing his hands together as Tony’s eyes finally landed on him.
“Really?”
“Of course not,” Harley said as if Peter had offended him. “And I told him so, but then he kept talking and well I pushed him.”
“Hey, Tony. I’m just going to wipe your face a bit, okay? Is that alright?” Steve asked, fingers clenching around the warm cloth. While Tony hadn’t said yes, he hadn’t mumbled no. Steve swallowed back a noise of sadness instead to focus on his priority right now. He grabbed the washcloth and wiped Tony’s face.
“Oh,” Tony said shocked at the turn in conversation. “Will the kids be alright?”
Tony leant back and nodded to himself, once twice, and then leaned forward to press a kiss against the corner of Steve’s lips. Steve could feel wetness falling down on his collarbone from where Tony’s eyelashes were fluttering against his skin. Steve breathed softly into his ear.
Steve left outside feeling nauseated all at once. How much had Tony gone through? All Steve had wanted to do was give a few hits to Ryder make him unrecognizable and send him to the Raft or in a body bag.
“What?” Steve questioned, already warming up the lube between his fingers. “What’s got you laughing all of a sudden?”
Clint had been happy to see her though, so there was that. Natasha narrowed her eyes at Wanda, searching for something. Then her expression smoothed out as she went back to talking to Steve.
Those Ryders existed in two different spaces in Tony’s lifetime, but they were still the same person. And it wasn’t easy to deal with that. In fact, it wasn’t something that he thought he had to deal with until his therapy sessions with Dr. Sana.
Tony loved attending parties. Correction: Tony loved going to parties that he knew about. Ever since Tiberius Stone planned a party on behalf of Tony, which ended up in him having some terrible accounts and a day locked up, Tony hated not knowing about parties. Also he couldn’t control the guest list and restrict it to people he was familiar with and or people who he knew wouldn’t be out to get him.
Peter sighed and rubbed a hand on his face. “Maybe. I just…he was living right here Shuri and we never noticed. Miles was telling us the whole time and we didn’t listen. It’s hard not to feel like this is my fault, our fault.”
“Well, well, well. It looks like sleeping beauty finally decided to join the land of the living,” the man said, smiling greedily at Tony. “I always wondered why Ryder wouldn’t let us come up here. He’s so very selective with who he brings to his inner circle. Though looking at you I can see why, you are a gorgeous little thing.”
“Tony, kotyonok,” she said hoping the Russian term would soften her voice and smooth over how her voice trembled. “I need to put this towel on you okay? Can I…”
Steve laughed. Tony’s phone rang.
“Yes, we can. They said 650 Legos for each person. They never said we had to work alone,” Bruce slyly said, turning to Sam and Thor.
Tony eyes widened as what Ryder was saying caught up to him. Ryder continued speaking. “Oh and Miriam how’s your patient going? Mrs. Keener, right?”
Steve really needed to stop taking anything that Ryder said as something outside of him wanting to illicit some type of visceral response from himself.
“What just happened is you finally got your head out of your ass and realized just why you’ve really been coming to this orphanage every week for the past six months.”
A voice crackled through the phone. It did not belong to Tony, but to Ryder.
The Avengers left…
She made it a point to stare at Steve who if possible had shrunk lower in his seat.
“We could watch a movie. Yeah?”
“Steve, visiting hours are over,” Helen announced. “You are certainly free to wait in the waiting room with the rest of your team, until visiting hours begin again.”
Ryder gave a brief look around his surroundings to make sure no one was following, before he slid into the seat beside Tony and then the car sped off.
Bucky and Clint turned to Steve.
“Hmm. Yes, that sounds nice. I want you all to care. Want…want you to want me…need me,” Tony slurred. “I’m sleepy. Can I talk to my son?”
“No, problem he’s a good kid.”
In college he had been so excited the first time that smirk was directed at him. It made him feel warm, but now it only reminded him of the malicious intent behind a smirk that dark.
“Steve, it’s fine,” Ryder laughed. “I’ve got it covered now, but thanks for taking care of him.”
“You said lying is bad baba,” Miles said. “Why are you lying?”
Tony shook his head, clearing his thoughts. Steve did not like the media smile that broke off on his face.
Steve ignored the two, letting them work out things on their own. For now he was much more focused on making sure all of his friends were coming in to help set up their own individual part.
Part 3: 1/ 13 (Sat)
Steve furrowed his eyebrows. “Bet?”
“How dare you try to laugh this off as not something serious,” Bucky said, for once speaking up from his corner. “This isn’t some game.”
Natasha shook her head. “They won’t. When I was looking into him, he didn’t have anything that was out of the ordinary. Everything seemed on paper to be fine. I got in touch with a couple of people he worked with went through his digital history and nothing.”
When both were in there, Tony sat down and would get up to pace for a few moments muttering under his breath. He continued this repetitive action and Steve watched on in amusement. The corners of Steve’s mouth tugged upward as he sat down in a spare chair. Tony continued mumbling, hands gesticulating wildly in the air. Every now and then he would look at Steve, pause, and go back to pacing.
Tersely nodding, she replied to Steve, “Tell him I’m sorry.”
“Hey, no. You’re nothing short of beautiful, amazing, perfect, genius, and all the other good words in the world. Knowing all of this won’t make me feel any differently about you. It just makes me upset and highly ticked off that someone wanted to taint and abuse all the goodness inside of you,” Steve stressed
“Fine, our funnel cake,” Tony laughed. “And don’t think I won’t notice if you give me the smaller piece.”
His whole body was off the floor and thrown into the bathtub. He pushed himself forward, arms thrown wildly hoping to catch an eye or a mouth. He slid back and forth in the tub trying to get out. He bit his tongue, his throat burned, but his mind was focused on getting out.
Steve took them and rolled his shoulders back. He strode confidently to his spot and began. First one, missed. Second one, didn’t even go near the bottle. Third one, bounded off of Jaime’s forehead. Jaime remained silent as though waiting for his body’s response. Finally, he came back to life.
Peter bit his lip forcing back a retort…but he’s never been good at really holding back what he wants to say.
“Oh, umm sure,” Steve said. He reached out to shake Tony’s leg awake, but was stopped by Peter. Peter shook his head and mouthed to not wake Tony up. Steve frowned at him, but stopped his actions nonetheless.
All of them looked around and didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary. They gave one more cursory glance.
“Stooop,” Miles sang. “Harley, Peter help me!”
Eventually, the time came for the weekly movie night. Steve had insisted on bringing back movie night from before they all broke apart, so this was the first day they were having it again.
“Delusions? I am not delusional,” Ryder screeched, blood flowing easily as he stretched. “He loves me. He’s coming back. He always does. Even after the first time at Winston’s he came back. You don’t know him, Steve. He’s weak. He’ll break me out of here.”
He had promised Ryder he would be patient with him. So what if somedays Ryder just tended to be a little rough. He at least apologized and thanked Tony for being so patient and understanding with him.
He knew that no one should be here. Tony wasn’t set to arrive until the end of this week. Following the noise, he went into the kitchen. His eyes immediately hardened when he saw the occupant of the kitchen.
“Yes, that is what my statement implied.”
Steve had been at the orphanage for nearly an hour and he had spent most of it trying to hide from Natasha’s little black widows. He was pretty sure they were avenging Tony. He knew that Natasha probably didn’t go into full about what happened, but he was pretty sure that one of the little black widows had thrown a Gatorade bottle at his head with just a little force. Now he had a matching bruise on his chin to match the one on his forehead.
And Steve suddenly realized that he had.
“Fuck,” Tony coughed. “G’off and stop…stop being an asshole. I’m gonna kill you I swear, fuck.”
Tony’s mouth began to tremble and he felt confused. He wanted to leave and he didn’t want his mind games. He didn’t know what Ryder’s intent was, but he wasn’t here for it. Ryder had never acted like this before.
“FRIDAY scan it again,” Clint announced.
The two let the conversation rest for a little, perfectly fine with just being in each other’s company. Tony felt himself slowly falling into sleep with Steve’s hold on his hand. Steve leaned closer and this time Tony could feel Steve’s nose brush his cheek.
Steve smiled brightly as he watched the pink flush flood Tony’s cheek. He could watch that color travel into the softness of his cheeks for the rest of his days on this earth, if he could. He smiled even more, when Tony seemed to be speechless for once. Steve had appreciated all of this and was thankful for Natasha, Sam, and Bucky for helping him pull his head outside of his…well ass.
“Look I know we have a lot to talk about, but I’m not ready to talk today. Plus I need to take care of a sick kid right now. So excuse me. I think you all should take today to get settled in. Your floors are pretty much the same. If you have complaints, let me know. And we’ll hash everything out like adults tomorrow.”
“You’re disgusting,” Tony laughed hoarsely, rolling his eyes. “In what world would I ever want to do things over with you?”
For once Tony’s eyes brightened and the smile on his face threatened to send Steve to an early grave…or really late early grave?
This time he decided to check it and was surprised to see Nick Fury calling him. He picked it up and answered.
“But rejecting the Accords completely is a compromise?” Tony yelled heart beating faster and his throat beginning to burn.
Brixon.
Miles giggled loudly. “I don’t do that anymore baba. I’m almost five. Five year olds brush all their teeth.”
“Steve please. Let me speak to…my son,” Tony rasped.
“Yeah, it’ll be fun.”
“I wasn’t made to be someone who just folded laundry and took after the household. I mean there’s nothing wrong with that. My mother is a stay-at-home mom. But I wasn’t built that way. And when I think of what I want to do there’s nothing else in my vision besides this.”
The title which brought with it an array of connotations whether positive or negative depending on the day.
Peter’s face turned bright red and he shifted on his feet. “I…thank you Mr. Stark for coming.”
“No, you won’t. You won’t forget I existed. Don’t think I don’t know some marks on your body won’t fade. It’ll be a nice little reminder of all the things I did to you won’t it?”
His gaze settled fondly on the picture and he leaned over to Happy and said, “Actually Happy can you just head home? The bakery will always be there, but I’m a little anxious to get back home and see my family. If that’s okay with you all.”
“I know. This is just…we’ve been saving money and this…thank you Karen.”
He pressed one finger lightly inside Tony and Tony tried calming down his breathing. “And he would move inside of you and it would feel like a storm is settling inside your stomach…like something has entered that cannot be calmed. He’d continue kissing you and say sweet nothings into your ear. He’d wait for you to fall apart first and he would be brought over the edge just because he was satisfied that he did that to you. That’s how he’d do it right?”
Tony’s eyes opened.
“Okay.”
He stepped outside the shower, quickly toweling off, and threw on a pair of sweatpants and a loose t-shirt. He didn’t even chance looking at the mirror, knowing that he looked tired beyond belief. But damn if it had not all been worth it.
Miles came closer to him and stuck out the hand, holding the purple lollipop.
“But I don’t really-”
“Cheeky, no wonder Tony loves you,” she smiled, kissing his cheek. “Get some rest both of you, Rogers. We don’t need dad and mom being sleep deprived.”
He said this with such desperation and Rhodey reared back at the sound of desperation and just pure loss in his friend’s voice.
Tony let out a low hiss. “Ryder I…I don’t know.”
“Oh, trust me I would,” Pepper announced. “Now see Tony that is a threat.”
Sam slapped his hand away and turned to face him with a scowl on his face.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“Of course,” Natasha said softly.
“Crap, they’ve caught on to us. Come on Bucky let’s move out,” Clint said pulling along a passive Bucky. “Thanks for the funnel cake.”
“She’s not waking up. If the doctors are right she’ll never wake up again. He just told me to tell her goodbye,” he whimpered. His lips trembled and in his hand he held one magnolia flower. “I just want to go. Please.”
“We have agency without regulation. We don’t need this and maybe you should stop listening to Tony. He has a very biased opinion of all of this,” Steve said softly in hopes of Pepper not getting offended on the sake of her friend.
He was the one who hurt Tony and who kept hurting him by his past actions.
“If there’s one thing I missed greatly besides my wife and kids, while in Wakanda it was this,” Clint said openly salivating at the smell of food. “How did I survive this long without a burger from here?”
Steve frowned. “I was trying to make toasted bread Buck. You know I really don’t appreciate all of this yelling.”
“Mr. Rogers, really I can’t allow…”
She looked through the keyhole and saw a man of presentable nature. Her husband didn’t really like opening the door to strangers, but she figured that he was probably just some business man trying to sell some security home system.
“Look we can talk about this when you get back into town,” Tony told him. “I’m in public right now so I can’t really get into this.”
“Ummm…Mr. Stark?”  her nervous soft voice greeted.
So while Steve wanted nothing more than to ease just a little bit of Tony’s pain, he remained still. After nearly fifteen minutes of tense silence, Steve figured that he would leave. Tony clearly didn’t want him here and…
“Steve breathe,” Natasha calmly stated trying to ground Steve back into the room.
“I can’t stop now. I think if I were to stop I wouldn’t have enough courage to continue,” Tony breathed. “I’m fine. Just let me…give me a second.”
He remembered later finding that bracelet with a note attached to it, the note he later found out was written by Ryder.  He also remembered how close he was that day and the days following from losing Tony.
“Are you serious? So it wasn’t about you playing hide and go seek with your little assassin buddy?” Pepper spoke out, but was calmed down by Phil gently placing a hand on her shoulder.
Natasha walked in just as the judges were about to announce the winners. She stepped over Clint’s legs and threw herself onto the couch.
So now he and Karen were just waiting for the little judges to finish scoring the buildings. Tony knew his was going to win and if he didn’t someone clearly bribed one of the kids with some candy. Then Tony would bet it was Clint that had been involved in bribery.
Harley shook his head.
Tony stared into blue eyes full of love and affection, his own heart filling warmly with love.
Bucky suddenly gathered Steve into his arms and felt the tremors shake Steve’s shoulders. Steve turned his face into Bucky’s neck. He tried reigning in his sobs, but Bucky wouldn’t have it. With a soothing voice, Bucky told Steve to not hold it in anymore.
“I still hear her voice coming through the speaker telling him to hang up or she was going to put a bullet through his head,” her voice quivered and she pressed her hand against her chest. “She told him to hang up and she’d do better. She’d take them back home and she’d try. But he kept crying and crying asking me to find him. She just kept getting louder and more upset. I was screaming. I was trying so hard.”
“You too Emily.”
His fingers wrapped around the warm fur of the animal and he was thankful it would hide his still trembling fingers.
Peter smiled softly at the thought of their group chat. After Steve had mentioned the brilliance of Shuri and Wakandan technology, Tony had immediately reached out to T’Challa in hopes of getting in touch with Shuri. Shuri had accepted albeit a little reluctantly, when she had traveled back from Oakland. She had been checking on the center and the kids. Tony had flown out and the two automatically started excitedly discussing schematics and the like.
“Okay, well if-”
Miles looked at Peter. “Peter can I have my coloring book please?”
“Oh,” Steve muttered half in response to Natasha, and half to his own self.
“It’s Bucky.”
Before Tony was even able to break off a piece, Clint came swooping by and took the plate from Tony.
His body began to convulse and he began to dry heave. Heat rolled off his body into the air, making it nearly insufferable to breathe. He felt the corners of his eyes start to warm. Every image surrounding him became distorted and it seemed as though everything was blurred. No solid image could be surfaced into his mind. He felt that weight press up against his forehead.
He woke to two hands moving in circles under his knees. He raised a hand to push at the hands, but was stopped in his movement. He blinked his eyes several times before he saw two figures sitting on the bed beside him. One man and one woman. With his heart in his chest, he tried pulling away.
Peter turned to Tony and smiled. “Sounds perfect. I’m literally starving.”
“Yeah?” Bucky said, running his hands nervously. “I just got so into the last mission, the dates kind of blurred for me. I never want Sam to feel like he’s someone that could be easily forgotten. I mean I love him with every fiber of my being and the fact that he’s out there thinking I don’t care enough to celebrate the biggest day of my life…our life…”
“That looks really good,” Peter said as one chef began mixing his ingredients together. “Though I would do without the licorice.”
“Tony,” Steve repeated.
Bucky, who had turned his attention back to the show they had been watching before he fell asleep, missed the way Tony clung tighter to Miles as Ryder wrapped an arm around him. His ears had turned back to the cartoon, which was now playing some type of frog movie. This meant he missed whatever Ryder had said into Tony’s ear.
“Was I drunk?” Tony questioned knowing full well he hadn’t divulged in past memories while being sober.
Steve traced his thumb in little circles over Tony’s cheek and the happiness of the touch sparked a thought in both of them at once; it was so good, so sweet, just being close to each other and knowing that they cared about each other, and they didn’t
“No,” Steve says. “Tony, I’m so sorry. I had no idea your parents were murdered.”
“But maybe I need to tell you,” Tony said.
He swallows a lump in his throat, and the memories stay.
“No, I meant… did you have your heart set on it, tonight?” Tony asked, very quietly.
Maybe, like Reed, he was able to see something of the Iron Man’s strength under the frailty of Steve’s body.
Steve has wandered and worked and talked with people, he’s thought about responsibility and compromise and choice and influence, but in the end it isn’t any of those pretty abstract thoughts that brings him home. No, what brings him home is the concern and love he’s always had for his friends, and a few whispered words from a woman with deep worry lines.
, he seemed to say, equal parts saucy and amused. Steve had never quite figured out how to control his blush reflex in contexts like this, but he didn’t drop his gaze, and that rakish smile got a little more sincere, almost boyish.
It’s a very few, though.
Tony doesn’t know what to say; he just sags in his armor, leaning towards Steve. He needs Steve to hold him up, to hold his breaking heart together until he can figure out how to get the anger under control again. Steve is still talking, and his eyes look wet too. His shield is still faced towards Zemo, but he reaches his free hand towards Tony, rests it on the shoulder of his armor, thumb brushing softly against the unsteady pulse in Tony’s neck. It feels like the only real thing in the world.
,” Steve clarified, a little more acerbically than he’d intended. It was probably best not to tempt fate by
“All the better for having you in it,” replied Tony instantly.
“I’m not sure I do know.”
It’s fun, and it’s immensely satisfying considering what the man on the other end of the line has done to his friends, but eventually the real world comes knocking, bringing his guilt with it. When it does, Tony only lets himself sigh once before he stiffens his lip and goes out to meet it.
to let him get caught, or at least something selfish and vindictive inside of him does. For a whole minute, his fingers hover over the keystrokes that will turn up Steve Rogers in a poor neighborhood in Lagos. He could pull that string so easily.
your fault I can’t control my own damn self, Steve!” Tony shouted. There was a long silence as everyone in the club looked at them at once, and both of them were breathing hard for the endless moments it took for the other students to go back to their own business. “I thought I could resist—after the day in the workshop I was
, and the gauze was still firmly in place on his left cheek, and Steve felt his heart clench up in a way he was absolutely supposed to be discouraging.
There was too much in his head, after all the time they’d spent apart, after all they’d said and done to one another the last time they’d been in the same room, and not least because of all that had changed since the world as they knew it had come to an abrupt end. A dozen different reactions floated and wavered, unrealized. To choose one would be to grasp mist with his bare hands.
Tony will turn it on, press
Some latent survival instinct is strong enough to bring his hands up to defend himself, but he isn’t fast enough.
Steve had never had to
attitude, and it was difficult for Steve to accept. He
.” Steve swallowed hard and locked his eyes on the place where his fingers were working. “You look so focused, and careful, and you look like you like having your fingers in me… and that feels good, in a way. And your fingers feel good too. It just feels very…
When he recollects himself, Friday pulls the conference window back up, and he pulls out another wild lie to explain himself. Ross barely seems to take notice, but his fingers drum a little faster against the warrant on his desk, as though he suspects that something is wrong with Tony, or worse, that something is wrong with the information he has brought to Tony to investigate. It makes Tony feel tight and strained, but he puts up with it, because he knows the alternative.
“What I normally do,” Steve said, neglecting to mention that
wasn’t close, not exactly, but the pleasure was building up in his gut again, warm and good, and he knew he wouldn’t be much longer in coming. He tilted his hips upward, shifted the angle by degrees, searching again for that spot—
“You really would, wouldn’t you?” he says, awed.
He realized, abruptly, that between sunglasses and armored lenses and the faceplate itself, he hadn’t seen
After a couple of days, Steve figured out that he wasn't needed. Well, maybe that was a little more bitter than was fair. Steve could help the way he always could; he could gather materials and carry out chores and go to classes, make sure the Academy kept running smoothly. Basically, he could keep an eye on the home front while other people took care of the
, he couldn’t let Tony down before he’d given every last bit of pleasure he could, and he couldn’t breathe in the best possible way.
The pod is finished, ready to lock away his body and keep it safe, keep the rest of the world safe. It will close, and it will seal, and it will never release his remains unless he’s healed enough to wake, or unless—
“I remember all of them,” the Soldier replies.
“Tony, I wanted to ask you out,” Steve said gently. He hoped very much that he was making things better by baring himself like this, but anything would be better than that look on Tony’s face. “I would—“ he felt his face go hot— “I would very much like to sleep with you at some point, but my, my feelings for you don’t change if you don’t want to or—or can’t. Tony, I—“
“Steve,” Tony whispered. “Steve, you’re inside me, you’re… oh, God, keep going, whatever you do just keep going…”
Steve wanders the city. He talks to strangers. He looks at whatever improbable thing is being shown off now, and he asks questions, but not about politics anymore. He listens to street musicians and pays for the pleasure when he has money on him. He walks into a bookshop because it seems like a nice little shop, and he comes out with a sketchbook and a new set of pencils. For a few hours they just sit on the table in front of him at a cafe. It feels like they’re staring back at him, like they’re daring him to do what he wants to so badly.
why you were really running!” Tony breaks off to heave in rapid breaths, snatching at shreds of control. He can hear the whine of his repulsors charging on Steve’s chest in response to involuntary commands. “Steve,” he says, and his voice breaks. It becomes very small and very frightened, the child still hiding inside him who once hid from a wine-soaked father. “Did you
“No, it’s not, it’s not your fault,” Tony said quickly. He sounded upset, but of course he did; his friend, his very good, close friend had just tried to kiss him out of nowhere, assuming that Tony wanted him just because they had danced together. Steve felt lower than his shoes. People assumed things, sexual things, about Tony all the time, and Tony had probably thought he was safe from that, with Steve. Old man Steve, platonic friend Steve. Open-minded never-judging Steve.
Another night to indulge in the foolish, stupid hope that he, the failure, the man so easily deceived, could rework international legislature into something his friends—his former friends, maybe—could sign.
“How’s life, Steve?” Tony asked. It wasn’t an interesting question, on its own, but Tony looked so
The problem is that he can’t just leave it at that. Iron Man is easy to digitize: armor, intelligence, priority sequences, done.
Tony rolled them both over, laying Steve flat on his back and crouching above him, and Steve groaned with relief as his knee relaxed and the sick pressure gave way. The light threw the deep red of Tony’s shirt into sharp relief against his flushed throat, showed the places where he was glistening and beginning to soak through it with sweat. A little jolt of self-satisfaction went through Steve. He was good. He could keep going.
The one time he had forced the words
“You didn’t even know I had
He wanted Tony to know how he felt.
Still, he manages to get back home. Between his disguise and his all-American attitude, as Tony had described it, he isn’t stopped. It isn’t exactly fair, but Steve isn’t in a position to complain.
His second thought was to question what it said about him that he was relieved that his roommate was out of the way when his best friend, and coincidentally the guy he liked, came by.
“How did you do that?”
No one will be able to open it. No one will be able to activate any of the advanced functions, the ones that will affect the state of Tony’s body. No one will be able to get at him, to help him or to harm him. Not even his friends.
keep turning you down.”
Ross makes his demand backed by evidence and an arrest warrant, and just for a minute, Tony considers saying
It’s a Monday, bright and early—or so Friday tells him—when Tony is awakened for a press conference. He shakes himself alert and all but throws himself into a cold shower, scrubbing thoroughly. When he gets out, he dolls himself up proper, with dabs of concealer for the bags under his eyes and powder for his paling complexion and gloss for his cracked lips. His beard is neatly trimmed and his hair is slicked back so that no one can see how ragged the ends are getting.
“I’m honored,” Tony said, and it didn’t sound like he was joking, at least not completely. “You’re my first kiss that meant something,” Tony offered, and Steve didn’t
. In the drawing, he’s flying and punching a big, blue blob that Steve at first takes for some kind of jelly monster, until he realizes that it’s labeled
"Why were
“Why we can’t have sex.” Tony was blushing furiously, and the unicorn—Friday—gave a whicker that Steve could have sworn was a laugh.
Everything he's tried has only made the situation worse. Maybe this time around, Tony thinks, if he allows Steve to answer
Tony, and just for one Goddamned night he’d wanted to pretend that everything was okay, that he was wanted and he wasn’t just a wreck of a middle-aged man going on ninety who was going to die in the morning. His face burned.
, when he was low, when he was in a pinch, and so many times Tony had been privileged enough to be the
to go to jail, Stark?
For a moment, looking into the brightness of Tony’s eyes, Steve was utterly certain that Tony knew how he felt, that Tony felt the same. It felt obvious, like the color of the sky or the warmth of the sun. He leaned in slowly, wanting to taste the source of that sweet breath—
had done something deeply wrong. As though it were
This time when they kissed they did take their time, and it wasn’t too much at all. It was slow and golden like a drop of honey stretching out forever before it fell. Steve’s fingers were finally warmed through as he began to explore the sensitive places of Tony’s body, as Tony played and learned his responses in turn, as they tacitly got to know one another.
He thinks of
than that, then Tony could like him back. It was possible, at least. Tony… well, he dated a lot of people, right? He’d gone out for drinks and dancing with Jan, and Pepper, and Brian too, so maybe he’d be willing to add Steve to the list, at least once? Steve had no real desire to be let down gently, but it could be worse.
“You don’t understand, I—“ Tony sucked in a sharp breath and let it out, running the fingers of his bare hand through his hair roughly. “I really can’t deal with that kind of frustration right now.”
The prospect of taking his underwear off in front of someone so much more attractive—and so much
“It’s just that, well, I think part of me remembers being one,” he explained. “And when I was, I spent a lot of time down there—“
“Just water, thanks,” he said, and then explained, “Big day tomorrow.”
“You killed my mom,” Tony says.
Steve opened his eyes and saw Tony’s hands looking like they wanted to stroke Steve’s chest reassuringly, but Tony remembered in time and settled them on the sides of Steve’s face instead so he could kiss those too-obvious thoughts quiet. His mouth was warm, and his kisses were gentle. Underneath the gentleness was the heat of Tony’s persistent, undaunted arousal.
wake the neighbors. Or one neighbor, anyway. It’s a little girl with tight, bushy pigtails who knocks on his door the next day. She’s very small compared to Steve’s bulk, and he can see in her eyes that she can feel it too, so he tries to make himself smaller. It doesn’t really work. The little girl hands him a piece of folded paper quickly and scampers off looking bashful.
Steve doesn’t know how long he spends just sitting there in the clean brightness of the medical facility, slumped and staring at Bucky’s motionless body. It takes a long time for the freezing process to be complete, but most of it is visible only by the way the ice slowly encroaches from the edges of the glass. Bucky has been unconscious since the beginning, he knows. He had closed his eyes readily and calmly, and at the time Steve had given a twisted little half smile at the thought that Bucky was going to sleep, getting the rest he had so long deserved.
. He was feeling his age more than usual. But however else Steve had changed getting older, some choices would always be easy. Reed had shown him the numbers, more than once, and he was canny enough to know how they boiled down. People would be in danger. A troubled kid needed help. And more than anything else, Steve
She knows what it is to hang on her last thread like that. She and Tony had done it together, reading the measures that would be taken against the so-called rogue Avengers and praying that Steve would come home before it came to that. Praying, on her own, that Steve would come back and mend her boss's broken heart. But it's too late for that.
He has, though he doesn’t say it aloud. He has loved them all, his friends, his teammates, his family, too deeply to truly hate them for what they’ve done to him.
"Boss, you've been at that too long," Friday interrupts. "The strain the device puts on your autonomic nervous system—"
. Best first kiss ever.”
Steve hadn’t meant to use the endearment, but Tony was beaming, his grin wide and true, and then he was
“Absolutely,” Steve said. He leaned in again, carefully controlled, and pressed their lips together once more, and Tony pressed back sweetly. “There, now you’re my first second kiss.”
God, there’s so much to say about Steve. It would take a lifetime to put it all down in code. Even with uploads of all Tony’s memories, he knows the AI still won’t understand. How could it?
either. It’s too broad, too dangerous. He knows too well that Steve can be wrong.
that Steve didn’t know what to think. His hand was reaching out for Tony of its own accord, as though just by touching him he could understand what was going on in that genius brain of his, could calm him, tell him there was nothing to fear from Steve, nothing Steve wouldn’t do to fix whatever was wrong. He stopped it, forced his arm back down by his side, because that was the last thing Tony needed right now. “Let’s do lunch,” Tony said, with forced calm.
When they found Tony’s sweet spot again, he gave a deep, full-voiced groan and surged into the pressure.
“Not that I don’t appreciate the compliment, but—“
“Howling at the moon,” Tony interjected.
“I’ve never felt…” Tony began quietly.
Steve looked down and away; it sounded really awful like that, for someone who didn’t know just how much better it was
It’s a totally different kind of work from the construction he did in Lagos. It’s concrete, in the same way, but it’s more delicate. The timing is important, and the soft touch of his fingertips and the gentle movement of his hands. It’s almost therapeutic like art, in a way, but he hasn’t drawn in months and he’s almost not sure he still can. He still carries the little girl’s drawing in his pocket, and it’s creased and soft with wear.
“Hey, Tony, come on in,” he said, and Tony opened his mouth like he wanted to say something, but then he closed it and just stepped inside. Steve turned on the smaller lamp next to his desk, lighting the room just enough to see, but not enough to wake Sam, still sound asleep on the other bed. He saw Tony’s eyes flick that direction, and he said, “Don’t worry about him, he’s a heavy sleeper. What do you need?”
He couldn’t be
“You know, I heard—now don’t quote me on this, but I
break the law, and he
“The guy floating in front of the tentacle portal?” Steve said absently, getting a rag and saline from Sam’s well-stocked kit to flush the blood and gravel from Tony’s scraped cheek.
Friday’s horn glowed briefly and the pieces of the chessboard reset themselves, this time with the white pieces on Friday’s side. She looked up at him with something fierce in her dark, liquid eyes, daring him to question it, and Steve just put his hands up in playful surrender. Friday’s horn brushed Steve’s arm and told him readiness-impatience.
In this position, almost parallel to Steve, Tony couldn’t really
But he doesn’t. He’s never going to, and he knows that now.
But Ross doesn’t want to hear it. His fingers drum menacingly against the arrest warrant on his desk, and he puts Tony on house arrest.
He never feels completely human anymore.
“No, it’s really all right,” he said. “One’s enough, I think.”
“Sure, see you!” Steve answered, probably too eagerly.
“I’ve always kind of wanted to try this,” Tony confided as he began to sink down, cautiously, curiously enveloping Steve again. “Being over and around someone… it always seems so
“I’m just peachy, Cap, you know me,” Tony said, tilting his head to give Steve a rather punch-drunk smile. Steve wasn’t sure whether he ought to be relieved that it was due to a probable concussion rather than alcohol. There were abrasions on the side of Tony’s face and bruising on what Steve could see of his left side, and he was breathing in that careful way that meant that Steve would probably have to at least check on his ribs.
Something in Steve’s chest settled, and he breathed.
“Yes,” he says, and something in Tony breaks irretrievably. He fires.
It was more than unexpected that Tony, who could probably have anyone he wanted, had asked
Their second kiss was desperate and hard and it stole the breath from Steve’s lungs immediately. So desperate, so voracious, that it almost didn’t even feel good, but on a night like this he was hardly going to pull away. He worked his arms in between them just in time to keep Tony from colliding with the metal in his chest and clutched Tony’s shoulders so he wouldn’t get the wrong idea and do anything stupid, like
“Visitor for Mrs. Keener,” the nurse announced. “If you’ll follow me.”
“See this is why you are my favorite,” Tony said
“Ryder? What’s he doing here? Plus, I don’t think I want to ride with anyone who Miles calls a Mr-”
His father left the moment he took to the bottle. Drinking his way to oblivion was better than facing his son.
Julie walked to them pulling on her coat. “I’m coming with you. Come on Harley,” she commanded grabbing Harley’s hand in hers.
Tony winced just thinking of the wrath of May falling down on him. “You’re completely right. But I was joking.”
“Okay, I’m sorry. It’s just you were like my idol and hello you gave me your number. Stop looking at me like that,” Karen said, her cheeks flushing. “Don’t pretend you don’t know how awesome you are.”
Clint wished that he could put an arrow through his shoulder. He resolved to do that as soon as Fury’s watchful eye was gone.
He forced himself to go deeper and crooned to Tony, “Can’t believe you got a kid without my permission. But it’s okay you’ll make it up to me. You already are just letting me take you like this. Gosh Tony if I had known how good you were, I would’ve taken you back in college.”
“Miles where did you see your baba last?”
“Unfortunately, he’s not here so I guess that will have to stay between myself and his grave,” Tony teased, mouth tilting upward in a ghost of a smile.
Tony looked up to address her. “Oh, thank you.”
Tony was brought to silence, then shook his head. Tony needed to learn how to not immediately make something out of nothing. Tony handed Steve a wristband and put on his as well. They moved through the crowds of children and watched as the volunteers gathered their children or went to their own stations. Tony spotted Jaime and walked toward him.
“Good, because I would much prefer to do the story-telling myself,” Natasha claimed. “So this little girl sees Clint struggling and since she is very kind she offers to punch the straw in for Clint.”
He abruptly stopped those thoughts from circulating in his mind. He already had enough going on in his mind.
Tony turned toward him sharply and Peter quickly sputtered out a response, “I mean I know you’re with Ryder, but I knew you liked Steve because I overhead you talking to Pepper about him. And like I wasn’t eavesdropping.”
“Stop, get off of me you nuisance,” Tony said dodging a kiss from Karen.
Tony murmured, pouring the medicine into the spoon. “Okay, so medicine. Coughing medicine? Goodness, this stuff looks disgusting. I could probably make something that tastes and even smells better. FRIDAY put that on the list of things to do.”
The acid burned in his throat. Tony looked at him worryingly and then his eyes widened. Steve forced himself to close off his expression, so as Tony wouldn’t feel the need to comfort him. He didn’t want Tony to know how much he desired to know everything, but also feared knowing what happened under this tower and all the other places the two had ever been alone.
“I’ll never get too old for you,” Miles frowned. “I’ll always be your bambino? Right?”
He would never allow Miles to be anywhere like this.
He spent the next hour or so, watching Tony and soothing him any time a whimper crossed his lips. Sleep had just begun to entreat Steve into its hold, until Natasha came into the room. He could see where she had tried to clean the blood from her fingernails.
“Or what?”
Tony rolled his eyes good-naturedly. “Alright, you up for a ride?”
Bucky mistook his shock for a rejection.
Steve had promptly stood up from his chair in the cafeteria, stalked over, and socked him right there on the collarbone. Later, the senior would say he just wasn’t expecting it. Bucky knew that Steve had the strength of armor in that first of his.
Steve prepared himself, mentally. He hadn’t known that there was another folder associated with this case. He opened the file and his stomach sank. He hadn’t known…when had they…Tony had to have known about this, because it looks like it was all taking willingly…but…
“No, you don’t get to just pull a pity party. You don’t love Tony, if you let this note get in the way. When I was watching you and Tony, never did I hear Tony say he wanted you to leave. He told you to stay. I think you should’ve been listening to him more than the words on a piece of paper. You can’t sit here and say you love Tony, when you let him walk off crying from you,” Bucky stated.
The first thing he noticed, when entering Tony’s bedroom was that the room had been neatly cleaned and everything had been placed back in its original position. He didn’t know who had thought of that, but he was thankful. Everyone had felt the steady heavy absence of Tony and would occasionally more often than not find themselves in his room. It was the only place, besides his lab, where it still seemed like they could feel Tony’s existence etched onto the walls and every center of the room.
Clint turned his face to the screen and groaned aloud. “You have got to be kidding me! We’re not watching this. Out of all of the things to choose, you choose this. This is clearly an example of your bad taste in shows. I’d rather watch
P.S. Sorry for any mistakes (hope there's not too many). I wrote this with a headache, but I really wanted to get it out since I'm so far behind lol. But I'll edit any possible ones when I pop some Advil and take a nap :)
“I do know,” Sam said, startling Bucky who hadn’t known Sam had re-entered with a bag of crushed ice.
Damn.
He looked at the distance from his bed to the door and it seemed to grow more and more further away as he looked at it. He stretched his arms out in front of him. His body swayed and he felt pressure settle in between his collarbones.
Tony was looking down at his hands with a frown. He chewed at his lip and Steve watched as it nearly drew blood. Walking toward him, Steve took Tony’s hand in his and brought one to tilt his chin upward to look directly into Steve’s eyes.
“I’m gonna kill him Buck. As soon as I see him, I don’t care what I have in my hand. Whether it be by my shield or my hands, he is going to die,” Steve rasped on the verge of a broken cry. “He…I can’t keep hearing Tony’s voice and how he sounded. Bucky he sound like he couldn’t even breathe.”
He gestured toward the nearly half-clothed nature of the two. Ryder’s tie was done loosely and backward. They really did need to go fix themselves, before actually going back to the ballroom. Ryder excused himself and Tony.
“Look around you. Do you want these people to fear and hate you like some young black men fear the police? You know black parents, upon their son being able to understand life, have to teach them how to interact with some police officers in order not to be killed. Do you want them to curse your name like they do to political officials trying to take away their individual rights? Because in you not signing these Accords you are taking away the civilian’s rights to protection, safety, and freedom.”
Tony took the ring out of the box and stared at it. He knew how much attention was paid to this ring and how much care it took to make it. Tony looked up from the ring and then at Steve. All of a sudden a joy so wide and expansive flooded into his chest, nearly stealing the breath from him.
Wet eyes met Natasha’s. “Natasha…you have to believe me I didn’t want to leave…but it was better. I…I have a letter.”
Tony laughed loudly through the phone and Steve’s heart raced. What he wouldn’t do to hear more of that sound.
Steve remained calm and impassive.
He never really smiled. No, it was smirks that came first on Ryder’s face. Then from there it would smooth out into this type of thin smile.
“But I got him back to the physical present if you know what I mean,” he said pressing his lips against the mark on Tony’s neck.
“He knows that if you can’t cook there are still places you can order food right?” Steve said. “A granola and yogurt aren’t for dinner. That’s like a snack.”
Steve stepped closer to where Tony had found himself kneeling on the floor. He wrapped his arms around Tony, who didn’t return the embrace. He fought against Steve’s touch, fists coming like blows against Steve’s chest.
“And sure I felt close to Natasha, Clint, and the others. But you were the one that made me feel like this could actually be a home for me. I know it seems crazy, seeing as how we first were introduced,” Steve laughed then quieted, knowing that he could never apologize enough for the first words he said to Tony.
“Hey, let’s not wake up your baba okay? Let him sleep for a little bit longer, yeah,” he said. He was trying to hold onto Miles’ squirming body, but it was a hard feat to accomplish when one hand was being occupied by Tony’s…not that he was complaining.
This wouldn’t end well, Coulson was sure of it.
“Fine?” Tony questioned, suddenly confused at the acceptance. He was kind of hoping…No, he should be thankful. He doesn’t need little pipe dreams. It’s easier to nip this thing in the bud, before anything got too crazy.
“I want to grow old with you. I want to watch our kids graduate and have families of their own. I want to forever be the person who holds you at night, brings you hot coffee for the millionth time in the day. I want to help love you out of nightmares. I want to know every part of you and discover new things about you every day. I want to love you and continue to be loved by you,” Steve honestly confessed, his tone softening as he knelt in front of Tony.
Natasha nodded seemingly pleased with how the conversation had been going. “So is part of your plan moving back in?”
He closed his eyes and allowed himself to remember that previous therapy session with Dr. Sana.
“Good.”
“You really didn’t. Plus who goes to the movies with their decathlon members? I mean that’s great team bonding. I guess,” Tony added, while pushing the cart to the other aisle. “But that sounds really fun. What movie are you all seeing? Do you need some money? That way you could offer to buy Michelle’s ticket at least.”
“Of course, I can bud,” Steve said. “You know I love making lunches for you.”
“Get off me! No one listens! I said stop touching me. Why are you touching me?” Tony cried eyes hurriedly looking at everything in the bathroom, searching for any method of attack. “Stay back.”
The name felt familiar, but it felt dangerous on Ryder’s lips. Tony continued to feel muffled and constrained in his own mind. He thought of Steve. Steve. He felt a warm kiss on a cheek. He felt a coolness on his wrist.
“No,” Steve bit out. “Tony no. My answer isn’t changing.”
“It’s never my mission to make you cry,” Steve answered.
“Now wait just a moment,” Tony began to argue. “You will not regard Peter and Harley as though they are two teenagers with discipline problems. I will not allow them to participate in that narrative. Also how do you feel as a grown adult talking badly about some kids? You do not see myself nor Principal Davis engaging with that rhetoric do you?”
Eva bounced the kid on her hip. “She’ll be three in two months,” she said smiling brightly.
He just couldn’t let things go unsaid.
Tony let out a shaky breath “Would it change if I…”
So he hurried himself in the bathroom, stripping himself of his uniform. Dry cleaning was going to be awful.
“Steve,” Natasha said, but this time she didn’t feel like representing the side that Fury was on. She had been in this room for too long and had listened to Isak…Ryder try to dig himself out of whatever whole he had screwed himself in and she was tired.
He had to be an example for Miles. He didn’t want to become like his mother, who let Howard run over her and allowed Tony to watch on. He didn’t want Ryder to one day direct his anger toward Miles either. That was his greatest fear.
Steve tilted his head, then followed Tony’s line of eyesight. Apparently, blood is pretty hard to remove from your fingernails. Steve resisted the urge to place his hands behind his back, and instead stared at Tony.
“I’m not infatuated with your brother,” Steve pushed out and almost wanted to throw up from how the statement passed across his lips. He swallowed back the acid.
Steve listened to neither warnings, instead choosing to unlock Ryder from his confines.
Steve let go off her suddenly.
“Yeah,” Tony answered. “But the night is going well. I mean it always tends to be a good night. It’s a time that everyone lay aside their differences with one another, their egos, the competition, and everything. It’s…to put it simple it’s one of the best Christmases I’ve had in a long time.”
“Add mine to the list. Midtown cafeteria food sucks,” Harley gripped. “Why didn’t you tell me that Peter?”
Natasha nodded and stretched out her arms for Miles who easily went into them. Ryder smiled and adjusted his bag.
“Now that I agree on,” Steve exclaimed. His head tilted to the side to look at the clock and saw it was nearing the time to get the kids up and ready for school. “Looks like we wasted a lot of time. Few minutes? Where?”
“Oh come on. I’m pretty sure this game is rigged. If I can throw my shield and hit my target, I am pretty sure I can toss a ring onto a soda bottle less than ten feet away from me,” Steve bemoaned.
Tony sipped his coffee. “Yeah, I know she is.”
“No, I am just trying to put things into perspective. It’s just hard to imagine you welcoming them in with open arms and forgiving them. I thought you brought them all back in hopes of getting the Accords signed.”
Sometimes Tony would admit to himself in the silence of his own thoughts that he wished he hadn’t asked FRIDAY to tell him what had happened to Ryder. He wondered if it would have been better to live in blissful ignorance of his ex’s death. But then again Tony wondered if he’d have been strong enough to live with the lagging fear of his presence, if he would constantly be questioning whether he was still alive and if his contacts could somehow break him out of the Raft.
But now…now it was time to finally say his goodbyes and not give that man another ounce of his time.
Miles threw his head back. “Okay,” he drawled out. “Can I please go play now?”
Of course Tony left out the part where he cried with relief at knowing he wasn’t tainted and the realization that this could still be enjoyable for him. And sure at times Tony was insatiable with his need for this closeness for Steve, but it was also the moments, where they didn’t need any of this physical intimacy but instead just had this desire of lying beside one another content with each other’s presence, that made him trust and fall deeper into love with Steve.
“At first I didn’t even know it was you. I just noticed things like how it was always warm wherever I went in the tower. I noticed how the updated to my suit, made it feel like I was constantly warm. Then JARVIS had an alert to calm me down, whenever I was experiencing an attack. I thought to myself how in the world was all of this happening. Here I was at the end of my rope and you were always right there in the shadows making it better. And it was not just for me that you’ve done these things for.”
It's that time again! Hope you enjoy this chapter. Also I am including Miles Morales in this story. However, his background story will be altered to fit this story.
Harley set Miles back down on the floor. Miles squinted his head at the bright neon green Band-Aid and then turned his face toward Steve. Steve smiled and went back to cutting up some slices of cucumbers for the salad, when he felt something tugging his pants.
He tilted his face down and opened his mouth.
Ryder turned on another lamp in the room and then turned his gaze toward Tony. Tony opened his mouth to say something, anything. But Ryder’s stern and unheated glare convinced him to do otherwise. It was a look he had received from his dad on many occasions. That look landed him in the hospital a few times.
Not until he found Steve.
They followed her into the candy store, but Tony was not in there. Steve looked toward Wanda and addressed her, “Is there any way you can reach him?”
“And oh your son is adorable. Seems he’s all tuckered out though,” the receptionist noted. “I remember those days, when my kids were that small and young. Oh how they grow up so quickly before your eyes.”
Bucky narrowed his eyes at him in a way of repeating his question.
“Peter what…”
“What happened to her voice?” Miles whispered loudly to Peter.
Finals are over! And as a treat I am making up for my absence. I hope you all enjoy and feel free to comment, kudo, bookmark, etc.
Karen smiled wetly at him and ran a thumb under his eyes to catch a tear. “I know. I know Tony.”
“The same way you remained dead for all those years,” Fury stated. “Now wish me luck. After this, I may or may not be on this earth for much longer.”
Sam smiled back in thanks.
The boy looked quizzically at him and was trying to figure out Steve’s true intention. He scooted back and let some distance between himself and Steve. He looked back and up a few moments, before beginning to talk.
Clint gave out a dark laugh. Something in the back of his head was begging him to stop, to tell him there was no way of coming back from this.
“You want me to do all of that because that’s what you imagine Steve doing,” Ryder exclaimed pressing a soft kiss at Tony’s throat. Tony grew startled, but Ryder pressed a finger against his lip. “Shh, Tony. Let me talk.”
“Speak of the devil,” Tony muttered offside, to Pepper.
He leant Tony back so he could be positioned lying against the bed.
“Does this mean I can finally get you to play Mario Kart,” Harley said as he followed Bucky out of the kitchen. “Because I am in high need of a rematch, since I’m pretty sure you and Mr. Rogers are both cheaters…”
It looked like Bruce had made something quick for Tony and left what was remaining on the table. Thankfully, there was enough of it that it ceased the thrum of hunger resting in all of their stomachs.
“We would not,” Isak said, brows lowering. “My wife is merely being a gracious host. I fear we do not have enough food to host you. Also I have a presentation I must prepare for, so while it was nice to meet you I must bid you goodbye. Perhaps we can have a video conference on a later date.”
That was when Tony knew he had made a mistake.
“I don’t know how to feel. I feel numb inside Steve,” Tony whispered, finally. “I…I think of Ryder and I feel nothing. I know I’m supposed to hate him, but Steve I don’t feel that in my heart. I feel empty like…like there’s nothing there.”
Steve’s eyes grew heavy and he became tempted to fall asleep right there. However, he didn’t know how Tony would respond to waking up with Steve still in his bed. He had wanted Steve to be there until he feel asleep, so that’s probably what he should do.
“Stop lying,” Ryder growled pressing the hand at Tony’s waist. His fingers pieced the skin.
“So if you want to make sure that people like the police, the president, military powers, and other people in authoritative positions have a check on their power…why do you exclude yourself? Because all of those people are not perfect, they make bad judgment calls. You all are human despite a serum running through your blood or years of assassin training. Not one of you all can make the right choice all the time for the people.”
The faces went so fast before all of them that no one would even know how to recall a particular face.
And so Tony looked at Steve through half lidded eyes, wetness gathering like an ocean. Steve stared at him, not wanting to tear his gaze from Tony’s. Tony brought his hands up to Steve’s cheeks, eyes following his own hands’ movement. He ran his fingers alongside his jaw, then his ear as though memorizing everything, should he never be given the chance to do it again. It worried Steve slightly, the delicate care in which he did this as though Steve would ever leave.
“They will find me. We always find each other,” Tony said.
He remembered first meeting Tony and the words he had carelessly thrown at him, so angry that he had been displaced in a time where he knew nothing and no one, yet there was Tony so sure of himself and the world around him.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “You and Tony need to stop this whole Miranda thing.”
“Tony…Tony,” Natasha repeated a little concerned at the reaction.
“Goodness, Tony. This might be the winner of all the holes in the Avengers tower. Did the Hulk make a guest appearance some time or did Thor’s hammer find its way kissing the wall,” Clint joked, eyeing the dent not aware to how Tony’s body was starting to get cold.
“Oh, just some fan of SI wanted to know when I was going to open up the internship application. I was just telling her we’re always accepting application no matter the time of the year,” Tony explained sneaking a strawberry for Miles bag.
“That’s why communication is key. Both of you to need to practice it. It’s something that you’re always learning about. I’m sure if y’all just sit down and talk, have a real honest conversation, it’ll be fine.”
“I don’t,” Tony said hoarsely. “I’ve asked you many times to go slower or not so hard. I’ve asked you not to hit me. I’ve told you that you’ve hurt me many times. And you keep
“Do you really?”
“Fuck,” Steve said alongside his mouth taking a moment to gather himself at one tight clench of Tony’s body. A guttural groan tore from his chest as he bared down, slowly beginning to come apart himself.
He was taking him to them.
“You’d think Mr. Stark would know how to control his kid in a public setting,” a parent said scoffing.
Jaime, who had been holding one of the younger toddlers came by Tony. “So I’m pretty certain Ms. Natasha’s little spies voted for you and that’s a considerable amount.”
“Did you not hear him! He literally just gave himself away.”
When he noticed his door was open, he looked up and smiled. Standing up he walked toward Steve and greeted him with a hug.
“High standing,” Kevin mocked, his own accent rougher and mixed with laughter.
She stood up and rubbed at her red eyes. “I don’t mean to scare you, but this…this can kill you. I couldn’t save my brother, but maybe…look I see I’ve taken up a lot of your time. So I’ll send Miles back over here.”
And he was doing so well…he actually felt healthy and in a good mental space.
Ryder’s eyes followed the action and Steve felt the need to drop his crossed arms. Lamely he crossed his arms behind his back and ignored the noise of disappointment escape Ryder. Ryder shook his head.
Ryder laughed. “The best kind of imprint. But your trip was good?”
Tony closed his eyes back in shame, not wanting any of them to look at him, after knowing everything he had done. He tried to force himself to sleep.
Pepper bit her lip and looked hesitatingly up at Tony. Tony tilted his head to the side. “What’s wrong Pep?”
Miles let out a few groans and a few raspy no’s. Tony tried waking him up by pulling the covers off of his body, but Miles didn’t seem to care.
“What so now you’re getting mad at us because we’re telling you the truth like a petulant child?” Bucky shouted pushing back at Steve. “Don’t get mad at us because we’re voicing what’s really going on. You’re not in some bubble anymore Steve! This is your reality and if you choose to spend it pretending that the actions you did equates to love, then possibly the years have changed you more than I thought.”
If by any chance they felt themselves teetering on exposing anything, their mouths would form the words, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
“Please just tell me.”
Clint slumped back in his chair grumbling.
Tony still looked unsure of himself. His eyes fell and he went back to Steve’s lap, figuring that was a way to stop himself form looking at Steve’s attentive gaze.
Steve blinked away the tears.
“Good,” Steve said. “Now I think enough time has been spent talking. Clothes need to be removed.”
“I wouldn’t have to if you didn’t upset me so much Tony. You know this.”
Steve watched as Harley rubbed the palms of his hand into his eyes. “So there’s that. Are we done here? I’d like to go back to what I was doing.”
But if Tony indeed wanted to change rooms, Steve would gladly pack everything onto his back and do it for him. Steve was just about to grab Tony’s desk chair and pull it by Tony, when a knock came at the door. Steve’s shoulders went tight as he turned sharply to the source of the sound, breathing out with relief when he only saw it was Bucky holding a bowl of soup.
Wanda steeled them with a determined glance. “I will and if I need of help I am certain I can call on the assistance of Loki or Dr. Strange.”
Steve pulled out a seat for Tony and then sat down in his own. “I hope everything is good. I’ll be honest I’m not the best cook so I did have to rely heavily on Bucky to tell me what to do. Apparently, I’m a disaster in the kitchen without supervision.”
“But he does that,” Pepper stressed. “He does that all the time. I mean we’ve gotten better at knowing, when he gets to the point where he can’t bottle things up anymore. But I want to make sure he doesn’t get to that point where it comes out like a storm, you know? I want to protect him from that.”
Just called Natasha. He’s sleeping. He’ll probably respond later.
Bucky figured Ryder just wanted the same thing and there was no shame in that. At least that’s what he had thought.
“I brought it,” Steve said as he took out the necklace and another piece of jewelry with him. “You still have the other stuff I brought it on Monday?”
But he wanted Steve to keep talking to him. How he missed that voice.
Just as he was about to try and propel himself forward he heard the door jiggle. He had locked it, but of course he should have assumed that they would have the key to everything. His heart thrummed against his chest. He didn’t have enough time to escape right now and truly looking at the vent he wouldn’t even know where they led to.
“This is great Peter. Truly,” Steve commended, blinking away the tears as he started to move the car.
“I still love you baba and you’ll still love me, even if you don’t win?” Miles questioned.
Steve…Steve wasn’t quite sure what he was doing. All he knows is that one minute he was watching all of them and the next his eyes blinked out for a second. There was a bright flash of anger that surged in him and fear all at the same time. The two emotions were so powerful that they threatened to overcome him.
“I…I would never entertain myself with stuff like that,” Pepper sputtered out indignantly.
Two more hours passed and it was nearing the time for Steve to take Harley to his mom. So he set Miles down and told him he could probably go play with Natasha, until Tony woke up again. Miles quickly went off to find Natasha. Steve made sure to let FRIDAY alert him, when Miles made it to Natasha. A few minutes later he got the confirmation.
Ryder entered the room pushing Tony further into it. Behind him were Winston, Cali, Miriam, and four other bodies. Tony’s body grew aflame with anger and he pushed back at Ryder. Ryder raised an eyebrow.
“But I both know you won’t. Your misfits know that you won’t. You know you won’t leave. And the times you tried, well…”
Their attention.
Steve tried relaxing his hands because his nails were beginning to bite into his palms. He tried reminding himself that he couldn’t somehow make Isak say anything self-incriminating, but it was like Isak knew that he was baiting Steve with his inability to actually get Isak to reveal himself as Ryder.
“But their past mistakes are what almost got you killed.”
He called out, but this time they were whispers of, “Steve, Steve, Steve.”
A nurse brought in an extra blanket and pillow. Steve felt for Tony’s hand and noted, displeasingly, the still cold nature of it. He placed the blanket on top of his jacket and leaned his head down to rest on the spot near Tony’s lap.
Tony shrugged and rubbed his eyes. “I hope so.”
“So you see you’re in no position to make threats, when I have a presence in every single factor of your everyday life,” Ryder laughed.
“I’m not saying that you are Tony. I would never try to control you because human beings are not meant to be controlled. I just don’t want you pushing my away like you have done, since you have woken up.”
The woman nodded her hand, placing her chart on the desk. “Yes, they did. Though I still don’t think that he needs a CT. I’m pretty sure it’s just a routine headache.”
A wheezing breath strangled the silence and forced sound into the room.
Pepper turned to face him. In agreeance, she nodded her head. “Yeah, trust me I know. Miles and I got into a heavy debate in regards to whether he should be allowed to eat ice cream for breakfast. I think that he’s been listening to Tony talk too much. Tony can nearly talk someone into anything.”
“We’ll be back. I want his hands cuffed,” Steve told to Natasha.
His hatred from Ryder grew even stronger and Steve hadn’t even realized he could feel so strongly like this before. He had only felt like this once and it was against Hydra. Steve couldn’t make the distinction between either now.
So now here they were standing opposite of each other, words still going unspoken between them. Tony in fear that it would reveal far too much of what he’s never dared to share and Steve in fear that he might have lost what he truly needed.
Before Tony knew it, his body was lifted and turned to the edge of the bathtub. His arms were held tightly behind his back by Eva. Luka grabbed a towel and placed it under Tony’s knees then placed a hand on Tony’s back.
“Then what’s got your face looking like that,” Tony questioned.
“Hey, if it’s getting you home then yeah. I always will,” Steve said.
Steve gave her a lopsided grin and raised then dropped his right shoulder. The four of them remained silent for a few more minutes. Steve listened to the conversations around him and turned to look at all his teammates.
“It’s fine Steve. Look…I just…I’m not in a good headspace right now for talking. I just want to see our kids and know that they’re safe.”
“Even that I knew wasn’t his fault,” Isak whispered. “He said it was an accident and I believed him. After all it was just the two of us left then and I didn’t want to be alone,” he commented.
“There’s nothing wrong with wanting to be love,” Steve said.
Steve tightened his hold on Tony as Tony reached up to rub furiously at the tears that were threatening to fall.
Natasha looked up. “When? After Siberia? Or a month ago?”
So slowly he laid against the stack of pillows that the kids had probably set aside for him. He looked over at Miles who had his sock clad foot on Peter’s neck. Leaning over, he removed his foot and placed it back down on the covers. Peter’s face twitched at the movement and then settled back into sleep. Harley had his body crooked a weird way, but Tony had quickly learned that child could literally sleep in any manner without having a crick in his neck.
“Welcome!” Miles shouted now actively pushing away from Tony to get some room. Tony slightly lessened his hold on Tony so that he could grab a cracker from the box Miles had been eating out of.
The Avengers filtered in and out of the waiting room and into Tony’s, until finally Steve was the last one to go visit.
Steve relented, carefully placing Tony on the floor. He figured he would do as Tony pleased. Tony grinned at him. Keeping two hands on his waist, Steve waited until Tony looked like he had a good grasp on standing. Extracting his hands away from his waist, Steve stood back a bit. However, he stayed close enough so that if Tony looked like he was about to falter in his steps Steve would be there to catch him.
Steve easily reached his hand above him and took another piece. “You know I’m still taller Tony.”
“Well, it must not have been serious with how long he stayed. Did you ever ask him, if he wanted to leave?” Isak questioned.
“Don’t mention it. You need your sleep and I’ll be happy to help,” Steve told him.
“Yes, I will make sure to wear a coat. Yes, I will make sure to check in with you. And no I don’t need any extra money, but thank you. I’ll tell you when I am on my way back,” Peter rambled.
“And what is the question you think I need to ask of you?”
Isak’s brows furrowed. “I truly do not. Did he cheat? Or did he somehow let business come before pleasure. Though perhaps he was not as changed a man as I assumed.”
“Oh, really?” Natasha sarcastically commented. “How could I be angry, when you clearly just disrespected a teammate, a friend? I mean that was completely unacceptable Clint. Lately, you’ve just been blatantly rude to Tony and for what?”
Tony inhaled a large breath, leaning over the car door as he watched the passing buildings fade behind him. Eventually, they pulled into this cemetery. The cemetery was old and abandoned, certainly not one visited by loved ones or up kept by anyone else.
Harley remained silent for a few tantalizing seconds before breaking out in laughter. “No, but goodness the face you made is hilarious. FRIDAY did you capture their faces?”
A tense silence filled the lab and Steve wanted to step out and comfort the young teenager. Shuri instead spoke up.
“That’s what family’s for,” Natasha said smiling. “Now in the sake of being there for family, what do you say helping me make some breakfast enough to feed an army?”
While Pepper and Rhodey were indulging in silent time, Tony and Miles were heavily engaged with building the best sandcastle at the beach. Miles leaned over Tony and placed a seashell on top of a mound of sand. Discreetly, Tony tried making the mound into a door.
“No, they said they left two hours ago,” Pepper said distressed.
Steve made sure that Bucky and Clint were still following him as he led them to a backdoor. Steve opened it and it revealed a cozy little office space. Inside the office space was an older man, hovered over his desk and scanning different pieces of silver.
“You mentioned therapy?” Clint questioned, now seeming interested in knowing what all was happening. He’d be foolish if he let himself go into anything without knowing the whole story behind it…which was exactly how he got himself into all of this.
And in the first time in months, with various voices talking and laughing over one another and Steve’s hand gently playing with the short hair at his nape…
Steve carried Tony outside of his hospital room. A nurse was immediately at his shoulder. “Ah, Mr. Rogers you’re not allowed to take patients outside of their rooms, especially nearing night time. Our policy doesn’t allow it.”
“Fine, I will,” Clint bit back. “Ours is going to freakin’ rock. Bruce come on let’s add some fire to it.”
Ryder grit his teeth together and grounded out, “You’ve been marching around and playing house with Steve. You think I haven’t seen the photos of you and Steve at the winter carnival or you and Steve with Miles at the grocery store. Or how about the time you and Steve were seen running together? And here you’re just glued to him at the hip as though you’re ready at any moment to drop to your knees and obey your captain.”
Tony tried speaking up, but Peter kept rambling in half panicked bursts of breath.
For one sacred minute, no one said anything as Steve reentered the room they had been interrogating Ryder in.
“Mr. Bucky no,” Miles whined, arms stretched wide to the cup Ryder was holding out. Miles tried climbing out of Bucky’s grasp, but Bucky’s hold only tightened. He passed the small child over to Natasha.
Tony started pushing back onto the fingers moving inside of him, sweat already gathering at the crevice in his collarbone. His eyes lolled back at one move Steve did. He had enough by the time he wrapped one leg around Steve’s waist, quickly bringing him closer to him.
Steve raised an eyebrow toward him. “You see the body?”
“Oh,” Pepper scowled. “So Rogers decided to write a letter
“FRIDAY, can you set a reminder for me to pick up more lube?” Steve questioned.
Tony slowly noticed the effects of the tea as he felt his eyes closing. He hoped this time he could actually sleep through the night, without waking up for the second time. At least he knew that with his nightmares the only thing that he would first do is freeze, so he had no chance of waking his kids up.
Tony sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose with his unoccupied hand.
So when I see you turn away and shield yourself from me
“Good.”
Tony turned to look at Steve who was gazing at his friends with a sort of reserved amusement only those three could inspire.
“Of course,” Steve said quickly stumbling out of Tony’s room.
“Tony, you don’t even have to ask. I’d love to watch Miles, but you should still say goodbye to him before you leave. Unfortunately, I do not imagine that will be an easy goodbye.”
Tony turned toward Peter shocked by the sharp demand. Looking at Peter, he watched as a solemn darkness passed over Peter’s features. Peter stared back at him.
“Look Steve it’s not your fault. It’s not Tony’s fault. It’s mine. I knew I had a wife and kids at home that needed me. I just didn’t prioritize my family over my job or my supposed duty to my friends. I should have said no when you called,” Clint told Steve.
He sat up from the bed and looked once more at Tony’s sleeping figure. His chest did a weird swooping feeling as he watched Tony. He needed to seriously leave in the next minutes or he would stay.
And it was working.
“Just now? I can try to be gentler,” Steve apologized, the tips of his ears going red something Tony once took sweet pleasure in seeing.
Friday just made another sound that was almost a laugh and tossed her head in a way that was both literally and figuratively pointed.
Tony means to focus on Steve, he really does; the pain of his betrayal is ripping Tony open inside, leaving him bare and vulnerable and exposed. Steve is the one he wants to make
His words made such an odd combination of arrogance and unwarranted kindness that Steve couldn’t help meeting Tony’s eyes again, paler blue now in the white light of Steve’s room, looking gentle and only a little bit disappointed.
“I know it can’t be easy, talking to me again,” Steve says. “I can go. Or—stay. Whatever you want, Tony.”
"I always wanted it to mean something, you know? I didn’t want my first time to be just… something to do. To get it over with. I wanted it to be special, with somebody I cared about,” Steve told him. “Not to mention there was a war on. So no, I haven’t either.”
him more, to get as much skin under his hands as he could.
floating across his mind. While Tony’s armor and craftsmanship were precise to nanometers, his dancing was something else entirely, unrestrained and fluid and creative in a whole different way. He looked free, and he looked
“No, it’s fine, don’t—just don’t.” Tony was speaking too quickly, not meeting Steve’s eyes. “You didn’t do anything wrong, I just, I
The box is starting to strain its hinges, and Steve is starting to wonder if he should’ve gotten some of those feelings back out before now.
Tony was busy with. Strange and his friends were taking care of all of the evil zealot and portal stuff, weren’t they? Maybe Tony was just helping them out; he
“Friday, Steve, Steve, Friday,” Tony said as the unicorn drew back to eye Steve skeptically, though not quite disapprovingly. She looked more like she simply hadn’t made a decision about him yet, and was still thinking it over. There was a really shocking amount of emotion on what amounted to a horse’s face, Steve thought, though it was entirely possible that he was projecting. “So, uh, this is why.”
Tony Stark is so much worse.
It’s the worst thing he can remember doing.
“Yeah.” Tony wasn’t looking at Steve at all anymore, but Steve could still see the flush on the back of his neck, a hot red color over tense muscles, like he was embarrassed, like he thought it was something to be ashamed of. Like he thought
It will be better at all these things than he is, Tony thinks. This Stark really will be made of iron.
than he’d dared to hope for, but Steve had never much enjoyed meaningless sex, and he welcomed it. It couldn’t last long, but it was
Tony wakes when Friday tells him he must. He straightens his clothes and drinks his coffee. He misses his friends. Ross yells at him until he feels better.
“What?” Steve just looked at him, stunned, not sure that the words coming out of his mouth made any sense at all.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve said abruptly, just as Tony polished off the tail end of his sandwich. “You want to go dance?” Tony’s eyes widened a little and he choked audibly, groping for his soda can to get the last bite down while Steve tried to parse his reaction. Was that a negative response to Steve’s romantic overture, or maybe just surprise? Did Tony even read it as romantic? Steve had danced with Natasha after all, and
Tony nodded. “And that’s okay.”
Ryder placed a warm hand on his lower back and steered Tony further into the room. “So many questions, Tony. I just truly wanted to do something nice for you and seeing as though you like parties I figured I would throw you one.”
“Ryder,” Steve growled overcome with bright fury and wanting nothing more, but to grab Ryder’s neck and squeeze. “If you lay one hand on Tony, I will cut both off.”
“Shut up,” Tony hissed, face already reddening from embarrassment. “Just cover my face with a blanket. I don’t want anyone seeing me. They already know I’m in this stupid hospital and I would prefer them not to get pictures of me in this stupid hospital looking like how I’m looking.”
Marley nodded. “They did. I didn’t fold into the pressure. Besides purple is so not my color and I don’t want my lips to be stained. Mr. Clint told William and Miles, if they said he won they would give him lollipops.”
“Ya ‘kay?” he said tiredly, Brooklyn accent coming out in its full glory.
Harley scrunched up his face and groaned. Peter winced and tried giving him an example, though it did not help Harley at all. Peter scanned Harley’s face and resolved that he wasn’t really having trouble with that particular math problem at all.
Over his dead body.
“Took you guys long enough. I was starting to wonder, if I needed to start a matchmaking scheme. You two aren’t subtle at all,” Natasha sighed reaching in her purse for her foundation. “Seriously, Steve you couldn’t have waited until we got home for you to jump Tony.”
He stopped at the look Rene gave him. Jack pulled Tony up to his feet. Tony played up this idea of being weak. Sure, he wasn’t fully energized, but he was better than he had been with the exclusion of those patches. If he could just get them into a false sense of security, was his last thought before his body was submerged into the cooling water leftover from that morning’s session.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” Tony choked. “Because for once I thought I had found someone besides Pepper and Rhodey who I could trust. Who I could trust enough not to hurt me, but you did. You lied and you didn’t…you still don’t even seem to care.”
“Nice articulation sweetheart. I just need Bucky to hold you while I get your medicine ready, okay? Can he hold you for just a few seconds,” Tony asked. Miles narrowed his eyes at Bucky and allowed him to hold him.
“He really is an adorable kid,” May noted, while checking to make sure her phone was silenced.
“Listen Little Stark Steve and I got into a lot of rough mishaps back in my day. So I think I know that isn’t simply a lab incident.” He raised his index finger and waved it to the spot on Tony’s cheek.
“Look Steve I’m tired of fighting. I’m tired of feeling empty and feeling like I am purposeless. I can’t keep going to sleep feeling like there’s a missing part of me that I lost in the past year. I know you feel the same.”
“Can…can you maybe stay here tonight? There’s enough room in the fort. I mean if not that’s totally fine…just I can’t” Peter whispered, afraid of hearing Tony’s answer.
Sam and Thor collectively looked at each other. “We want a rematch then. Tony’s on our team and it even things out.”
, Tony thought to himself,
Miles frowned. “No, she didn’t hurt me baba.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “I don’t want to see that circulating the web.”
Bucky laughed softly into his hand.
Harley climbed into his bed. Steve sat on the edge of it and began to talk to Harley. “I know how it feels, when you start losing someone you love. It hurts and it’s an indescribable pain that settles in your stomach. You feel like the world is closing in on you and nothing can stop that movement from pressing tightly against you.”
“You’re so whipped it’s ridiculous,” Peter teased Harley, who was still rambling about Julia and had now gone on to talk about her smile.
Tony immediately latched onto Steve’s hand and turned into him. Tony felt himself vibrate with terror at the fact that he didn’t even see how Miles had gotten on the refrigerator…how close he was to jumping off and just falling to the ground.
Even though the two were moving forward in their relationship, there were still the occasional arguments between the two. At the foundation of the arguments was a growing fire ready to overwhelm the two. Thankfully, their arguments had never escalated that quickly. This time it was Tony who had given in.
May flipped her hair shamelessly and smiled brilliantly at Tony.
“Peter,” Harley’s voice trembled with fear.
Peter leaned back and allowed his eyes to close with the thought that nothing would ever break them apart again and heaven have mercy on whoever tried.
They probably would have.
“Don’t think that you’ll be able to take Tony away from me. I know what this spaghetti dinner was all for. Don’t take me for stupid,” Ryder growled.
Bucky and Sam tried to make it look like they weren’t making sure Natasha pulled out any knives. Natasha took some time to gather her thoughts. Once she had run through her thoughts in her mind, she began to talk to Steve.
Jaime motioned zipping his lips and throwing away the key.
He searched back for the first time he felt comfort in Tony’s smile as Steve fumbled with the new StarkPad Tony had gifted to him. Told him he should move on from the archaic use of pencil and paper and move onto some digital art.
“And I’ll know if you don’t brush all your teeth mister! Just brushing your front teeth isn’t doing the job,” Tony yelled as Miles ran to the bathroom.
“Call your aunt and see if she doesn’t mind me taking you home early.” Tony relented and Peter quickly dug out his phone to call his aunt. “And you had better turned in all of your assignments.”
“Steve signed.”
Miles nodded his head and with a mouth full of cereal said, “Yes baba.”
Bucky took to rotating his shoulder, menacingly. He looked at Steve and saw a cold reserve take hold of his eyes. Bucky brought his hands up to his ear then to his mouth, with which Steve repeated the action.
“Yes,” Miles said all the while closing his eyes and slowly falling to sleep.
“Okay, Rhodey. My sunshine. My honey bear. The straw to my berry. The apple to my pie. The peanut to my butter.”
Clint sighed and spoke with his mouth full. Tony winced, but chose not to say anything. “Yeah, but they said we could take a break for a few minutes then return.”
“He would take time to marvel at the arc reactor and you would shy away, just as you did our first time together. But he would make you feel like that arc reactor was something to be proud of and how he loves it because it keeps you alive,” he explained pressing a kiss to the arc reactor.
“It’s resistant if extreme values, basically very small or large values, relative to the data do not affects its value substantially,” Peter easily explained.
Tony stopped talking and gave himself some time to breathe. “I don’t know, it’s stupid thinking about it now. I was just so ready to have a friend and I was excited that I had made my friend all on my own without my mom setting it up.”
“What the hell do you think you’re doing Ryder? Are you insane? No, you are and I’m just noticing it,” Tony hissed. “I don’t know what type of sick game you’re trying to play, but I am not a player in it. I highly suggest you give me my things and watch me leave.”
Feel free to comment, even if you just want to write "why." So I am going to go into a nice little cave and hide only popping out to read and reply to comments and update the next chapter because well...
Steve held back a grimace. There was something in that smile that was distrusting. Steve supposed it had to do more with him just genuinely not liking the guy Tony was presently dating…and soon to be breaking up with.
Tony pinched the bridge of his noise.
Ryder tried lifting his arms, but was not able to do so. Wide terrified eyes looked up at him and he struggled in his chair, rocking his body forward or so he thought. In all actuality, he had never moved.
“I am greatly proud of you and your dedication to the CMPNY. I had my doubts when you decided to take control after Howard’s death and I have never been so grateful than to have lived long enough to see the change you have implemented into the CMPNY.”
“Hi, I am Sam Wilson. Today I am presenting before you the Infinity Fortress Tower. It is marked with four different floors, each floor has three bedrooms. There is a main living area so as to movie nights, seeing as though that is a big part of our lives, when we lay our superhero personas to bed for the day,” Sam addressed.
Steve made a noise. “She’s decent, but I have two trained assassins questioning her right now and to be frank if she doesn’t give us any information soon, we’ll be forced to take measures we would much rather not. Though I am sure, we can reach some type of agreement that will secure your sister’s safety that is if she means to you what Tony means to me.”
“I’m not sure,” Tony whispered. He began picking at his fingers, a nervous tick Tony had developed as a child.
“Steve,” Natasha warned, but Steve ignored her.
“We have crushed ice,” Bucky said confused.
He was now only waiting for the second Fury kicked him out of the interrogation room.
Have a great weekend and see y'all next Saturday ;)
Tony reared back and fell to the floor. He brought his hands to his head and pulled at the hair there. No. No. No.
“Get up,” Steve seethed. “I said. Get. Up.”
Tony felt himself growing nearer and tapped Steve in warning. Steve only took this as encouragement, pressing harder on Tony’s prostrate and curling his finger toward himself. Steve’s tongue swiped at the head and Tony’s hip went up body chasing all the remaining physical gratification that Steve someone hadn’t completely wrung out of him yet.
“I came over here so fast Mr. Stark I swear, but I couldn’t get a good luck at her,” Peter whispered. “I’m sorry.”
Steve nodded his head. “What good will it do? Look these feelings will go away and if not I can just try to be happy that Tony is safe and happy.”
Marley shot her eyes to her sister like daggers. “Be careful what you say, Liv.”
Natasha had to stop her fingers from tightening on the space holding the towel. “This isn’t a dream. I’m really here Tony. We found you. This is real.”
He led the others to the table and they all sat down. Miles who had been sitting on Natasha’s lap went to sit on Tony’s lap. Tony watched all of them with a smile on his face. This, this is what he had been waiting for and wanting. It had taken some time to get there and they still had a long way to go, but here they all were.
“It is rather the opposite,” Vision claimed calmly. “Working together was beneficial.”
Tony’s last statement settled thickly between the space of Tony and Ryder. Tony went to reach forward his watch, then retracted remembering that Ryder had it somewhere.
“Yes, understood. Now guess I’ll go lug my humbug downtrodden self-down to Nurse Miranda who’s going to what…help heal me through the joys of caroling and children?”
Steve felt a warmth settle in his body as he reminisced how he and Bucky would often prepare food with the little rations they had back in the day…though he was fairly certain Bucky had done more of the cooking. Even the Commandos had known that Steve couldn’t be trusted to make anything after his first incident of cooking for them. To this day he still argued that his soldiers just couldn’t stomach the spices he had found from that market place.
“The Accords are not taking away your right to serve and protect. The Accords are not forcing you to give up your identities. The Accords are not here to restrict you.”
Steve knew he deserved this, but after an hour of these attacks…he couldn’t. Finally, he thought that he had found a spot. It was a small room, probably one of the smallest ones at the orphanage. He walked in timidly eyes searching for any little black widows. Once he did a check and saw that there were none, he closed the door behind him.
“Clint you so whined. He whined for three hours, saying, Oh Nat I’m so bored. Oh, just save me from this boring dungeon. It was amusing for the first 30 seconds, but then he continued. So I figured like a child he would appreciate going to some amusement park or something.”
who was there at the time. Steve didn’t need
, with Steve out of his life, and that might even be worse than hearing it from Tony. To know that a hyper-intelligent, nearly-impartial AI had judged him a
“No,” Steve says, but Tony has always been good at seeing through masks. He knows a lie when he sees one. A lack of transparency might slip past him when he doesn’t even know to be looking for it, but a straight up boldfaced lie to his face? That, he spots immediately.
right now.
“I know…” Steve started, trying to drag his tangled thread into some kind of order, “I know you’ve been… uncomfortable… around me lately—“
he left there, like a second string tugging at his ribs, it’s because of the life he had started to build, the space he had carved out for himself in this new future. It’s because it’s the country he grew up in, his homeland, and it’s because he loves his country to his core even if he doesn’t always like it. It’s because the A on his head stands for something, and it’s something he wants to get back to.
“I’m honored too,” he said, smiling. “Let’s do it again sometime?”
That night, when he finishes laying out the threads he’ll weave tomorrow, Tony lies in bed and cries.
“Yeah, if you get home soon enough you’ll be able to get a good few hours of sleep in your own bed,” Steve said as lightly as he could. “This was fun.”
He really means it, Tony thinks. Steve is so
like he did in the original memory, Tony will be able to change things, to make it better. He runs the scenario.
It’s not that it’s difficult, exactly. The good, important parts of Tony are already taken care of. A computer can’t help but be quick-thinking, and there are more than enough records of Tony’s thought patterns and strategies floating around. The data needed to operate the armor has been compiled for years now, ready in case of his death. Avalon. This is just… consolidation, really. Putting all of those things into a single, self-contained AI unit.
anything more, not really.
, and he knows he can’t back out now.
Tony sits and cries and watches his hands shake in front of him until he thinks he’s strong enough to try the scenario again.
Tony spits blood, and something in him just—breaks.
A few days later, Tony showed up at Steve’s door again. It was the middle of the day this time, and Steve’s first thought was that he wouldn’t have to worry about bothering Sam—or garnering awkward questions from Sam—who was out logging airtime with his new wings.
Then Natasha walked by with wings and tentacles of her own, and there was something in the look of her, or maybe the feel of looking at her, that made Steve’s brain hurt, and he decided maybe he didn’t want to have what it took to deal with this threat, after all.
,” he protested. “And I’ve felt your mind, I’m
Friday follows them through the security cameras, and knows that their efforts will be futile. She does not tell them so; she can see that they are clinging to their hope.
getting over their accident,” he says venomously. “I can make it an even billion getting over their murder. Or I can take up another destructive therapeutic hobby. Or I could hire an actual therapist. I’m
“I’d rather you didn’t, if you don’t mind,” he said, smiling tightly.
There were a few seconds of silence—as Steve tried desperately to think of small talk for a man who might really answer, and tried harder not to be too preoccupied with that man’s absurd handsomeness—but Tony didn’t seem to find it awkward at all. He was still grinning, almost too broadly, as though his day had already been made, and laughed when he visibly realized that they were each waiting for the other to speak.
Okay. Okay. Steve was just trying to make it up to Tony, that’s all it was, so it was okay if Tony was—frustrated with him. He’d messed up, and Tony was allowed to feel that way about him. Steve swallowed hard and tried to push it back, to be a good friend. A good friend would help Tony with his problems, instead of trying to make them about himself and how they made
Falling in love with Tony felt like any other precipice whose steep edge Steve had overlooked before: there was a swooping feeling in his stomach, and a soaring feeling in his heart.
, he says, as if no one has ever manipulated Tony into doing something he didn’t want to before—but if Tony’s quiet and careful not to get caught, the committee might be willing to listen, to let him help people. He has to try.
,” Steve said, dragging it out, “that even Iron Man has to take his knocks just like anybody else. Can you believe it?”
The man there was business-slick and quiet, his face tipped away from the drift of light beside him, the shadow over his eyes deepened by the wildness of an escaped forelock. Perhaps, like Steve, he had been attracted by the discreet, atmospheric nature of the bar, or perhaps he was just that tired. He didn’t really look up when the bartender passed him a neat, caramel-colored drink. For a few seconds, he just twisted the glass in circles with elegant fingers, watching the way the swirl of liquid made the light dance inside it. Lazily fascinated, or deep in thought somewhere else. The bar lent itself to either.
“Of course I don’t want to be with Loki, he and Amora deserve each other.” Steve said with a little smile, enjoying the exasperation on Tony’s face. “But I’m in favor of anything that gets
“That’s it,” Steve said. “If you want this, I mean.”
, Steve,” the stranger said, voice gone deeper still and round with amusement. He smirked broadly. “You’ll be
. I believe it’s worth it. And if we can make it right, then I want to give you more than half of my life, too.”
“Talk to me,” Steve said as he pushed deeper.
“I’m sure you’ll get it eventually,” Steve said innocently, smiling at her. Friday just huffed and flashed him annoyance-fondness-determination. “Okay, but just one more round. I’m meeting Tony for lunch.”
They’ve both changed, but not so much that they don’t still fit together, like they always did, like they always
Or they wouldn’t. Steve didn’t even let himself consider that option.
The days are okay, at first. Then Ross starts to get frustrated with the lack of results.
She is bandaged in many places and one of her arms is in a cast, and there is a deep cut on one side of her face that makes it difficult for her to speak, but she looks at Steve with proud, clear eyes nonetheless, and she tells him
“Sure, which wires?” Steve asked, coming over to stand next to Tony.
But maybe he hasn’t really been trying, Ross considers, still and always angry with Tony. Maybe he’s been half-assing it to let them get away scot-free? Maybe he doesn’t remember that they broke the law, caused millions of dollars of property damage, and then disappeared? Maybe, though it seems impossible for any sane person, maybe Tony has forgotten what they did to him, him
But the kids. The Avengers. People.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked him, looking up at the darkened panes of glass of the haunted Mansion, half frosted with age and neglect. Tony tugged his sleeve and started leading him around the side of the house instead.
. Anonymity made Tony seem, paradoxically, more trustworthy rather than less; it made some part of Steve
, and he could feel his face flaming. Clearing his throat in hopes that it would clear his head too, Steve forged on toward Tony as though he hadn’t noticed a thing. He made himself focus on the injuries, which really did need seeing to. It didn’t take long to establish that his ribs were mostly okay, just bruised, but the surface bruises took a little more delicacy. Steve worked the ointment into them as gently as he possibly could, but he still felt Tony’s minute flinches and gasps under his fingers when he pressed too hard on the places where the surface bruising ran over the bruises on his ribs.
, the only chance they’d ever have to get this close, to taste and touch and feel their bodies held tight together, warm and rich with desire—
“I mean it, Tony,” he said quietly. Their fingers were still linked, and he laced them together and squeezed. A beat of stunned silence passed.
, Steve knew, or whatever passed for normal in this century—and it would hardly qualify for normal in the time Steve came from, either—but it didn’t need to be normal to be good. It was more than good, truthfully; it was perfect. Steve wouldn’t change it for the world.
for how he’s hurting Tony.
thought they should operate at their own discretion. Steve tries to talk to them about personal liberty, and about shifting the blame, about how he tries to use his failures to better himself and his team, to do better in the future. He’s surprised how many of them just give him unimpressed looks when he mentions his feelings of guilt, like they don’t believe him. Like it isn’t enough.
The first thing Steve wants, almost immediately, is to go back to America.
than that. I want to live the rest of our lives, together or not, on speaking terms or not, knowing we had the choice to really
“Keep going,” Tony said immediately. “It’s… it’s weird, I guess. I feel like it should be weird. I keep trying to get my head around the idea that another person is inside of my body. Except that it’s not just some person, it’s
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said sincerely. All at once he realized how close together they had come in the last few moments, how wide Tony’s eyes were, how soft his lips looked, how Steve could smell the soda on his breath and how the urge to taste it for himself had crept up into the back of his throat. It was intoxicating and
and Steve couldn’t think of anything at all.
to help them. It has to
“Tony!” Steve couldn’t help the too-loud relief in his voice when the nano components of Iron Man’s mask finally receded. The suit defaulted to self-repair and cover Tony’s body when he was unconscious, for which Steve was truly grateful, but nothing quite compared to seeing Tony safe with his own eyes.
“Could you tell him I want to have lunch with him, please?” Steve asked, trying not to sound like he was pleading. The backbone in his voice was all stubbornness, though, and it was audible even to his own ears.
graceful, powerful in the way he moved, no matter where or when. He could be elegant shambling out of bed and reaching for his first cup of coffee, so here, wrapped in the strength of armor and facing off against an enemy, it was no trouble at all for Steve to find him beautiful.
So at the usual time of day, Steve gathered up a pencil and a sketchbook and headed over to Stark Tower. Tony gave him a long, unreadable look as he stood at the door of the workshop and waited to be let in, but ultimately Steve was allowed to take up his customary place on the spare table at the back of the workshop. He settled in and started sketching immediately, but he wasn’t feeling particularly inspired, so the shapes on the page were perfunctory, a rough outline that might eventually become one of Tony’s learning bots.
Tony had passed the image off as nothing more than a mistake, but he can’t do that every time. He can’t hold Ross off the real trail forever; there’s only so much that a known genius can play dumb when he’s told to weave the threads together.
He picks up the phone.
At the Milan airport, he finds an incident report for an employee, a young man who got a minor head injury at work when someone’s luggage fell. It’s enough to be made suspicious, Tony thinks. Perhaps Natasha was stowing away and found herself discovered; perhaps she had to get away clean any way she could. He deletes a word or two of the incident report, enough to suggest her light footprints. That’s a trail he can follow tomorrow, a false thread to weave into the story that will unravel when Ross pulls on it for real.
comfort, but he revels in the long-denied sensation of ease. He hasn’t felt safe in such a long time.
“If you want me to top, all you have to do is ask,” Steve said gently. He’d met a lot of guys with hang-ups about bottoming—hell, he’d been one of them himself, back in the day—and the best thing he could do for Tony was to give him space to try it, make him feel good, and not make a big deal about it. If it was something Tony wanted, he’d get to it in his own time. His expression hadn’t changed, but he hadn’t pulled away, which was kind of an answer in itself.
“Steve, pleased to meet you,” he introduced himself. As though in humiliating slow motion, Steve watched himself stick out a formal hand to shake as though the stranger were just some new military tech. But the man just smiled, took Steve’s hand in both of his, and raised it to his lips almost delicately. The heat in Steve’s face brightened and eased.
“So when Friday showed up I figured it didn’t matter, because it wasn’t like anything was happening soon,” Tony forged on. “And then you tried to kiss me and it
His third thought was to shove all of those thoughts away and regret ever having let himself get pulled into such a petty train of thought in the first place because Tony was hurt,
in fact the Black Widow, of course. It is, of course, someone who looks like her, or the software wouldn’t have pegged it as a match at all, but the total lack of sighting reports in such a public area suggests that something else is in play. There is, of course, a chance that the Black Widow had gone down a crowded street, been spotted by a camera and no one else, and left absolutely no other trace, but it doesn’t exactly seem probable. More likely, this was just a woman who looked similar to the Black Widow.
“Less than I hoped I would when I started on my new designs, since it turns out there actually is a difference between science and
“It’s a lie of omission, it still counts,” Tony snaps back, and he hates to hear the rough, broken edge of his own voice.
Maybe, just maybe, Steve could ask him out now. It was hardly an ideal time, but—well, it never was. If it wasn’t an evil sky portal, it was a fiery hell dimension or a crashed spaceship or the sudden appearance of a small, perpetually twilit urban zone full of petty crime. He pulled out his phone, which was a present from Tony, actually, a customized improvement on the latest model Starkphone. It made Steve just a little fluttery in the chest region every time he used it, just thinking about the sweet generosity of the man who’d given it to him, even before they properly knew each other. It took Steve two tries to dial, which was just embarrassing, but eventually he heard the dial tone and he very nearly held his breath while he waited for Tony to pick up.
to touch, not to see, not to even
“I’m sorr—I, yes, okay. Got it. So, uh…” Steve trailed off, casting about for a topic. The sheer awkwardness in the air was so thick Steve thought he ought to be able to hit it with his shield, but he had no such luck. Instead, he just had to sit there at his barstool and wait in silence for Tony to put him out of his misery.
, franker than the invitation in his smile, but equally—if inexplicably—interested. There was a convenient empty stool beside him.
He tries not to think about Steve, the way he would’ve liked this little shop, the way he would’ve sat in that chair in the corner with the good lighting and looked out the window, drawing passersby, maybe, or perhaps a friend captured from memory. Somehow, in Tony’s mind, this Steve who sits in the comfortable chair and draws with the sunlight gilding his hair and the graphite staining his fingers—this Steve is completely different from the one who kept his bitter secrets to the end, the one who roared with rage and beat Tony into the ground. There aren’t two Steves, he knows, but he almost wishes there were.
Steve was returning from the SHIELD tower when he saw Tony’s new outfit in action for the first time. He had just finished up a meeting with Principal Fury in the SHIELD headquarters and was nursing a slight headache as a result, but he doubted even a migraine would’ve prevented him from noticing the bang and the bright flash of light as he came up on the quad. This wasn’t altogether unusual, but the Academy
a version of Tony Stark.
every time, even when it was hard, and so he kept doing it. It felt like the right thing to do, at the time.
Ross has a couple promising new leads, and he wants Tony to get him answers—there was a possible fly-by picture of the Falcon in Switzerland, and a cluster of Scarlet Witch sightings in Greece. Sure, that could’ve been Sam, looking for a place to lie low. Sure, that could’ve been Wanda, running rampant in the streets. Sure. He’ll track them down. Nothing Iron Man can’t handle. It’s the least he can do, after all their history together.
Steve was wrong in the Civil War, when he gave up on working with Tony to take Registration down from the inside, and he was wrong about the Guardsmen and the Supreme Intelligence and so many other things. He was wrong about the end of the world, too, though no one remembers that anymore.
He thinks about Tony, coming to him with compromise after compromise to minimize Steve’s end of the sacrifice, just to keep them together, and he thinks about exploding at Tony and storming out because of Wanda’s treatment. He thinks about staying in T’Challa’s palace for a few days while the media storm quieted down before he was allowed out into the city, and he wonders if it’s really so different.
me two weeks ago.” He colored. “I should’ve trusted you, trusted what I know about you. You’re not the kind of guy to go for a friends-with-benefits thing, and I should’ve believed that about you instead of second-guessing everything. I was doubting you, and I was… well, I was doubting myself, too. I didn’t think anyone as—” he waved his hand vaguely at Steve in general— “as you would really want to be with the asshole rich kid.”
rather than
would’ve been a good place to start. “Jarvis says you have something to talk to me about.”
When Steve first saw Tony again, he didn’t know what to think.
—and catch flying objects in his jaws. The fur sank back into Steve’s skin as though it had never been there in the first place. The teeth stuck around a little longer, sharp and unwieldy in his human-sized mouth, but eventually those melted away too, and Steve flashed himself a wide grin in the mirror to check that everything was in its proper place.
Steve opens it carefully and finds a child’s drawing in red and yellow, something he can immediately recognize. Someone, rather. Someone near the very top of the list of things Steve had been trying not to think about, and maybe even higher on the list of things that kept him crying so long the night before.
What is surprising, Tony notes almost dispassionately, is that Ross finally shows up in person, to make very clear how angry he is. It’s surprising that he manages to have so much presence even in a space that is so completely Tony’s, a space that he designed and built and lived in himself. Maybe, Tony thinks, it’s because Tony has already been letting him in, into the workstation, into the conference screen, into his mind every hour of the day. Maybe it shouldn’t be surprising that Ross has so much power over him.
might be an option. Might.
“Whatever you want,” was the sympathetic reply. Jesus, Steve must’ve looked rough. He’d ironed his shirt and put an effort into his hair, but, well, he
“I’d knock him down myself if I thought it’d make him more bearable,” he agreed.
It was like the last few minutes hadn’t even happened. Steve felt almost sick with disorientation, scrambling to swim in shallower waters.
None at all.
"Hey, Steve,” Tony slurred, leaning heavily on the doorframe.
, and Tony jerked away, startling Steve into doing the same. He hoped his infatuation hadn’t been showing as clearly on his face as he feared. Tony was a good friend, and Steve wouldn’t ruin that. He
He could barely believe this
Tony turned aside at the last moment and Steve’s lips brushed over his flushed cheek instead, feeling the heat of his face even as a ball of ice dropped into his stomach. His hands dropped Tony automatically, but not carelessly, setting him back on his feet.
Abruptly, the bartender’s compliment sprang to mind, and then it was the only thing Steve could think of. He smiled.
