"That's not a good enough reason, John. In fact as far as reasons to walk away from a man like John Watson-Holmes go it's the most childish and stupid." Sherlock smirked as John blushed. "I know I will never be able to make that mistake up to you. That I just walked away from you like that. You needed me, maybe more than you'd ever needed me in our relationship to that point. I took so much from you over and over again throughout the years of our relationship. Demanding that you drop everything to help me no matter what it was for, expecting you to accept my actions at face value even when they almost ripped your heart from your body, and encouraging you to feel but then chastising you for doing just that. The biggest problem of your life fell into your lap and I acted like a selfish child instead of a supportive husband. He broke his gaze away for a moment, fighting with the growing shame in his chest. John's soft murmur of comfort drew Sherlock's gaze back to his and he met his eyes again. "It was so hard for me to be there, to watch how you were falling apart. You were pushing yourself so hard." His voice cracked slightly and John felt himself flush more. If he ever stopped feeling that flutter in his chest when Sherlock confessed how important he was, it would kill him. "Not eating or sleeping, barely making time to bathe and take care of yourself. I was losing you to your own stubbornness, to the very thing I loved about you. Your ability to care." He slowly took John's hand. "I couldn't handle it, I didn't know what to do or say. We were fighting at every turn because you were trying to push me away, desperate for me to fight back and prove that I would stay there no matter what. You didn't want me to suffer anymore but you didn't know how to ask for the help you needed. So injured as I was by my pride, I took what I thought was your intended meaning and I left. I went to Mycroft's, which was stupid because that was where we'd spent those three months before you so selflessly allowed yourself to be captured and tortured for me. I fought against myself. I found myself outside the damn flat over and over again wanting to come in and sweep you in my arms. Watching you as you stood in my window and played your violin because you had no idea what else to do. I begged Greg to tell me I should do and he had nothing for me. He told me you wouldn't talk about it but that Harry eventually told him that she couldn't be sure you weren't beginning to turn to drinking yourself. She told him you were worse than before I left, always exhausted looking, never sleeping, and that it had been almost a week since she'd seen you eat. I knew if Harry, knee deep in her recovery, could see how bad you were there was only one person who could fix it. The problem was that I was still too full of pride to come home so Greg appealed to Mycroft. Mycroft brought me this," He held up the key which he had slipped around his neck. "He told me that I was killing both of us because I wasn't being a proper man. I wasn't caring for you as I had given my word to do. I was breaking my promise." John shook with emotion and Sherlock pulled him closed. "So I had no choice, I knew I had to fix things."
“I have been through the fires of hell and lived, I know now that I am stronger than I have been given credit for, smarter than anyone thinks, and completely worthy of accepting the challenge of being your mate.” He growled as he latched on to one of Sherlock’s nipples, moaning as Sherlock shouted.
“I have no intention of reliving it, Mycroft. Please just…” John gasped as the door flew open to the study and Sherlock’s form filled the doorway. Sherlock’s eyes were wild and his face dark as he saw how close Mycroft was sitting to John.
"He..." John's gaze was irrevocably held by Mycroft's and the truth was forced from his throat. "He also wanted my hand. He sought it more when I was younger." His voice was timid, like a child's.
"You're mine, John." That growl again, the one that melted everything John knew to be true in the world. "When this case is closed we're going to take Hamish on holiday. Then when we come back, you and I are going away for a long weekend and you won't need to pack anything..."
Elizabeth sank to sleep and John swept out into the sitting room to wait for James. He did not wait long however before James swept through on his way to Elizabeth and paused just passed the doorway. He took two steps backwards and turned his head to look at John with a devilish grin, the sort of which made John desperately uncomfortable. He entered the room and greeted John as formality dictated.
"Touch. What. John?" He grabbed a fistful of those sandy locks, tilting his head back so he could nip and suckle on his neck.
"Ah finally you’ve arrived Mr. Holmes." Marcus smirked and stepped away from John. "I didn't ask you your opinion on how I discipline my son."
"Obvious, I know." He smirked proudly as he pushed John back. "I wanted to claim you last night... You dreamt of it did you not?" He purred in his ear and John groaned.
A fortnight later the group made the journey to the coast and boarded a ship for France. A few days into the journey Mycroft noticed John behaving somewhat erratically. He would find the Mender in dark corners or the wee hours of the night studying some notes he had made and refused to discuss it with any of his companions. Anthea and George reported that John treated them politely but with less warmth than before. After watching the Mender’s patterns for a week, Mycroft resolved he would confront the Mender to find out what was troubling him so. He saw John moving towards the bow of the boat, leaning over to watch the water below. He strode across the desk, however, his path was stopped when he recognized the form of his beloved moving to join the Mender. Mycroft blended into the shadows and made his way closer to them, staying back enough he could hear but not be seen or felt.
"Oh," John blushed and tried to keep up with Sherlock's abrupt change in conversation. "Sometime last week. Mrs. Hudson brought it up, said it had come at a different time than the post. The envelope had something like ten countries on it."
. John's eyebrows quirked up and he looked at him as his breath caught in his throat. Their eyes met again and Sherlock moved over closer to him. John's skin seemed to be covered in goose pimples as he realized just how close Sherlock was. He set the tea down and gently reached out, slowly - as if expecting his hand to contact air. Sherlock couldn't be sure where John was reaching for, so he stayed perfectly still. John touched his cheek with two fingers feeling the cool skin underneath of them. The shock of so gentle a touch on the same cheek where John had slapped him just minutes before sent shockwaves through Sherlock. For a long moment neither of them spoke out loud, but John searched the eyes of his flatmate for the truth. He couldn't read Sherlock the way he knew Sherlock was reading him. But he saw how he responded as John touched him. John's focus still on the man before him. Sherlock's face was so different in this moment,
“It's called familial tidings, Lestrade Surely you understand that?” Sherlock scolded and moved quickly to the corner of the room where he scooped up his violin and John's case.
"I do not wish to rest until I know for certain Sherlock is well! He has not feed in almost a fortnight!" John shouted and Mycroft sighed. Mycroft sank down onto the couch and John easily allowed his Sire to pull him along as well, desperate for some consistency in this strange unfolding event. "You said he would come back to us after two more days." He complained, sounding like a child. It hurt Mycroft that John was so desperate for Sherlock to come back to him, he consoled himself by reminding himself that Sherlock was John's mate not himself. He also attempted to remind himself that John had been ill prepared for this circumstance and perhaps otherwise they might have enjoyed time together.
"Mmhmm..." He grumbled.  “Make it better.” He demanded and John chuckled slightly. Their little Prince was so much like his father.
The next morning dawned cool and grey, John waking with the sun and immediately setting to his chores. His two younger sisters joining him as they worked with servants to prepare the house. Once the sun rose a bit higher John took his leave of the house, slipping off into the forest near his house to study. He made it easily to his usual place, a darkened clearing where he could rest easily on the low branches of a tree. He settled himself in his usual place, pulling out a sheaf of parchment. He unrolled it and began to read the notes contained therein. He knew Sherlock could walk during the day, he set his quill and ink on the ground and began to scrawl notes on the parchment with the small amount of information provided to him the night before. He then rolled the parchment and pulled out a small leather bound volume he'd made himself. He began to scrawl in details of the night before, before pausing and looking up. Sherlock was thinking about him, he could tell because he felt a flutter in his chest.
"Yes, of course.” Greg blushed slightly. Mycroft finally stepped into the room fully, having dispatched their car. John leaned back and slowly sank back down into his chair with a smirk.
"He's a right mess." Greg conceded and laughed as he pulled another carrot from Hamish's locks. "He asked you for a story didn't he?"
"I will, I promise." Sherlock smiled but his anxiety still rolled through both of their chests. John nodded understanding the feeling they were sharing and slowly sat up.
" He smirked, nuzzling his nose into John's hair and breaking into a full grin as John huffed a small sigh of pleasure.
“While I do feel you should have more control over your instincts and yourself, I understand now why you felt as you did. Why you acted the way you did. While I may not trust you the same as I always have, and our relationship may never again be the same as it was, I still love and care for you. With our enemies back at our door I need to know you will promise me to stay safe and care for Sherlock should anything happen to me.” Mycroft’s frown deepened, his thoughts flickering back to the overheard conversation during their travels.
unit. She says he's pretty bad, got a stab wound and a lot of superficial stuff. She with John at the hospital, I'll take you." Sherlock was focused but silent for a moment.
The brother's exchanged dark, pained looks as the mender shivered and sobbed, letting him be until he finally started hiccupping and the coughing sobs began to subside. Mycroft gently ran his fingers through John's hair before cupping water and tipping it over the matted mess. He lathered up some of his soap and gently massaged his fingers through it, trying both to clean and soothe the weakened and violated man. Sherlock spoke softly, murmuring sweet words of comfort and keeping John pressed close to his own body as his brother worked, both of them allowing the tenderness to overcome their anger. John's eyes fluttered closed and he held tightly to Sherlock, as if somehow being pressed firmly against his mate's body would make the darkness stay away. Once his hair was clean Sherlock shifted him to Mycroft's arms, waiting until he was sufficiently settled and cuddled against his brother before he began to gently wash him, taking care to go slowly when he approached any area that was overly sensitive or abused. He stopped whenever John began to shake or cry, giving John all the time he needed to adjust to such loving touch over such rough areas. The tears came and went but neither brother shied away from them, instead choosing to do their best to keep the mender grounded as they gently removed all the outward signs of the trauma he'd experienced. Once they were finished cleaning him they took turns washing themselves while the other kept John nuzzled against their chest and murmured sweet words to him. The contact seemed to soothe the mender but both brother knew that could shift at any moment and did their best to be vigilant to any shift in his expression. Once their bathing was completed Sherlock got out first, taking John from Mycroft and helping him dry off before wrapping him in his elegant dressing gown. All the while maintaining contact with him to keep him focused and grounded. Sherlock ran his fingers through John's hair, still murmuring quietly while Mycroft dried off quickly so he could support John while Sherlock dried off. They both dressed in their own dressing gowns, so they all were completely clothed and they gently guided him back out to the large bed.
"Good evening my love." John purred against his mouth, not pulling away. "I want you." He whispered, claiming Sherlock's mouth in another feverish kiss. "I want to be inside you."
"You are the biggest idiot of them all aren't you?" His tone was lethal and dark, his eyes burning into Mycroft's.
“What is so different?” Sherlock asked as they headed out and into the carriage that Gregory had summoned.
They finished dinner and returned to the flat, both of them aware that the next morning would bring the war to life. They passed the morning and afternoon of New Years Eve rather uneventfully, enjoying the sounds of Baker Street and relaxing together. Lestrade showed up early and for once had actually brought drinks with him. John cooked a simple but decent dinner which they shared as they laughed and talked for hours. There was something so completely safe about the moment that for awhile they forgot the clock beating against them, the web closing around them, and the looming danger. Lestrade fell asleep on the couch sometime around eleven leaving the two men in silence as the appointed hour drew nearer. Sherlock strode over and grabbed John into a full embrace and a deeply passionate kiss when the clock chimed for the New Year, not even breathing a word before he did it. Then he took up his violin and began to play, startling Lestrade out of his sleep.
"Good." Sherlock smiled and he kissed John over and over until he felt his body go slack in his arms.
“You are plotting to escape and I wish to know the details immediately. I have a strong coven; we can return there and find safety.” He frowned as he watched pain spike through John’s eyes and then felt his own pain when John refused to meet his gaze.
"Drink of me, Mycroft. Claim what is yours: the mortal remnants of a life you despise." John coaxed, his eyes fluttering closed. Mycroft felt the spike of heat rise in his body along with the desperate hunger as his gaze fell over the throbbing vein in John's neck. It had been worth the painful sleep of a day without feeding to feel the shiver that ran through John's body as Mycroft's aura washed over him.
possess you to do this?!" He demanded in an angry rage. Greg had raised his hand to his mouth, still trying desperately not to laugh and continued avoiding meeting John's gaze at all costs. John compromised by looking somewhere between amused and exasperated as Hamish pouted and looked ashamed.
"When did you realize how you felt for me?" There was ego behind that statement, pure and unadulterated. He didn't ask when John realized he
alive." Silence fell between them for a long time before John finally got the courage to ask the question burning inside of himself.
"Sherlock, if you do this to John again the punishment will be severe. Take him and make him feed, then care for him." Mycroft ordered softly, not turning back to look in the room.
"Georgina has everything ready for you. I will stay with you and help you care for Hamish and Sherlock so that you can continue to rest. Don't," She scolded when John went to protest. "I am more than happy to do this for you. I want to make up for lost time." Elaine moved over to Sherlock, taking his hand. "Harry told me how much you changed John's life but I never really knew the extent of how much you had changed it until recently. I'm glad he found you again and I'm glad you let him in." Sherlock blushed just a bit and smiled.
"Therefore," he went on, "you listen to me. You listen to me when I say, 'Kiss me,' " (and of course he did, because it was precisely in accord with his own wishes; John kissed like an artist, except that if you were very careful and wound him up just enough, he kissed like a starving man, and that was what Sherlock loved best), "and you listen to me when I say, 'Let me suck you,' " (and Sherlock did; of course he did; he'd never realized how incredibly pleasurable the act was when one wasn't trying and failing to achieve orgasm from it) "and I like it, Sherlock. Makes a nice change. And so now I'm going to tell you what to do, and you're going to listen to me, and you're not going to come until I say so."
Sherlock went even redder. "I -- yes." He didn't touch it again, but his hand rose and fell as if he were stopping himself.
There was no reason on earth to find it erotic to be ignored, but if John barely spared him a glance -- if John finished getting dressed and cast one last look over the room to see if anything were out of place while Sherlock squirmed and panted and sweated on his sheets, and only then did he meet Sherlock's eye and look down his bare body and smile --
John wrestled free just long enough to throw both garments off, shoving Sherlock's opened shirt off his shoulders for good measure.
Sherlock fell into a defensive crouch when he heard John approaching. Drugged as he was, he retained enough of his training to present his shoulder as the best defense for a man with tied hands.
John raised his chin, with difficulty, to look Sherlock in the face. "You don't do this," he repeated. "You'd ... never done this?"
A long time later, he became aware that one of his hands was tangling with John's, turning over and over in a slick way that was not remotely as disgusting as it ought to be, and the other hand was holding John's head still for small sipping kisses, one after another. He released his grip and let his head fall back, exhausted, and John's smile wasn't mocking or triumphant but frankly a bit silly.
"The way I do it is the way that works," Sherlock said through his teeth, because, inexplicably, the more frustrated he was, the more intense his arousal became.
Sherlock’s gaze went to his fingers, which were brushing across the hair at John's temple. He didn’t answer.
Just a good-natured fellow who had somehow, blindly, obliviously stumbled on a way to bring Sherlock's recalcitrant libido into line.
The evening wound on and finally only Mycroft and Lestrade were left visiting the lovers. Sherlock used the excuse of an overly tired John to escort him into the bedroom and close the door. Listening as Mycroft offered Lestrade a tour of the main house and the sound of the front door closing and locking echoed through the guest house. He pushed John against the door, kissing him roughly before guiding him to the bed. John smirked and shimmied away from Sherlock aware that Sherlock was not tired yet. He went about his nightly routine before sitting on the bed to pull off his trousers. Sherlock disappeared into the bathroom for a moment before returning, his form just a shape in the darkness as they had not bothered to turn on the lights. He swept through the room lighting several candles that John hadn't noticed previously before walking back to John's side.  He sat down on the bed and turned to face him.
“This is not the blood of the victim.” John repeated, bearing Sherlock’s scrutiny calmly, something Gregory would always admire him for. He sighed impatiently, nearly as impatiently as Sherlock did when something should have been obvious to the others. “You still do not remember this, and I have told you countless times. Mortal blood does not turn black like this. This is vampire blood.” He motioned to the word, a rock sinking in his stomach as a growing sense of unease began burrowing in his mind. “Either the killer is a vampire or more likely, being sponsored by one.” Sherlock grinned, praising John briefly before sweeping through the room to reassess the scene. John however, remained rooted to the spot, unable to suppress the sensation in his body. Something about the energy of the building and the overall feel of the crime unsettled him.
John groaned as he started to come around, his head felt like it was spinning off his neck. Something was in his mouth, cloth. It tasted dirty, like it had been on the ground. It smelled horrid and the taste made him gag. He looked up at his surroundings, trying to absorb what he could but his mind felt like it was moving through honey.
"Oh yes, you missed that." John blushed a bit and Sherlock's cheeks went a bit pink. "It turns out Sherlock and I knew each other and we were both here the summer James Pendergrass was murdered."
They both colored slightly as their eyes fell on what Mrs. Hudson was pointing out. John was laying there, his eyes open and red clearly coloring his cheeks. His teeth were clenched and his eyes dark as he surveyed the two brothers. He was almost shaking with anger and Mrs. Hudson's look made it clear he'd heard almost their entire discussion.
Anthea paced slowly back and forth outside the door to the bedroom that for the last week had served as the secret den of the two newly wedded Holmes men. Sherlock and John had barely been seen since they arrived in France. A fact which she knew was not uncommon for bonding but one that was beginning to grate on her nerves. She had been sent to protect them during their bonding state which should have reached completion four days previously, now she was simply bored. Having decided she had, had enough of their games she went to open the door when a loud moan from inside stalled her hand. She sighed in pure frustration and walked down to the end of the hall, settling back down on her chair. Inside the bedroom, in the failing light of the afternoon, Sherlock was enjoying himself as he tormented his still half asleep husband.
"NO! This isn't how it's going work Sherlock!" John wrenched himself away, which took incredible effort. "You can't just charm your way out of a situation like this! A year, Sherlock! A God damned, soul crushing year!" His hands and arms shook as he let the emotion out, rage spilling over. Sherlock watched him, first gearing up for an angry retort and then letting his shoulders slump. He opened himself to John's emotion, it should have calmed John to see such surrender in that moment - but it only made him angrier. "Day after day, waiting for something, ANYthing from
"I know." Sherlock replied. From anyone else John would have felt slighted or angry for such an insignificant comment. But from Sherlock it was so much all at once. It was something that made John melt inside. He suddenly felt as if he was no longer solid. His hand gently trailed down Sherlock's cheek and jaw, around his neck and up into his dark hair. His lips parted softly as John touched him. "You recovered some, but when Mycroft told me you weren't eating or sleeping... I knew I couldn't abandon you to the darkness I'd caused you." His voice was so soft.
"Before you even say it - you can't be bored. But I have a task I think you can help me with." John smiled.
Alexandra was trying her best not to cry, though tears ran down her face. She threw some of the blood soaked sheets in the fire and turned back to survey Elizabeth and John with a tight face. Sherlock swept through the room, taking in every detail he could see. There was blood everywhere, Elizabeth was hemorrhaging and must have been for some time. Each servant who attended to her tracking some blood to somewhere new. He turned to face Alexandra as she rested at his side.
Sherlock. "You then preceded to the gazebo to show Hamish where we met and the 'Grave of the Lost Soldier' which is now under about two feet of extra hedge according to the dust on your shoes. It was still dark and you realized Hamish would enjoy watching the sunrise over the 'Lake of Air' so you took him around passing through the kitchen gardens on the way there. You gave him a piece of Georgie's lemon mint to try and he disliked it - but he didn't want you to know that so he waited until you weren't looking and spit it out but he got a bit of it is on his face. You couldn't resist going to see if she was still growing that blue rose you used to love so you nipped into the other greenhouses where you got caught up talking to Henry the gardener and Hamish dunked his head in Georgina's little fountain that she adds rose water to. His hair is still wet and I can smell the roses." He smirked as Hamish giggled, Sherlock's face however was pure heat as he met John's eyes. John almost grunted but he broke their locked gazes and focused. Sherlock had arranged this whole charade anyway - why not torture him with it? "You finally made it to the Lake but Hamish charged straight into the water and you only just caught him at the edge. You put your right foot into the lake and came away with a wet leg and a disgruntled son knowing that it was about time that I would wake you opted to start heading back towards the guest house - but you took the same wrong turn you made every day during our summer here and ended up near the hedge maze, which you absolutely abhor. So once you managed to realize you were inside you pushed your way through the wall, just like you used to - and ended up in the bamboo garden where Hamish scraped his elbow. Then Sherlock Holmes, you took our soon to the scene of the crime and did investigations without me." He narrowed his eyes and Sherlock hummed with approval.
"Yes, thought." He whispered. His mouth right next to John's ear, pressing John tightly into his body. "He is gone, John. But the danger isn't. His work, isn't. I
"Now that I consider it, it was rather stupid of me to make that arrangement." Sherlock's admission jolted John from his angry thoughts.
“Sherlock has the most up to date versions of the files I can get you. He’ll have to let you see them.” Greg shrugged.
3 - JohnCroft or JohnLock? The plan (as far as the boys are telling me NOW) is to end up with JohnLock and Mystrade in the Modern Era. That said I know there is a lot more JohnCroft to be had in the time leading up to then, Mycroft is being particularly Alpha/Pack leader like, and Lestrade hasn't been entirely clear on his motives yet - so let's just see where they lead us, eh?
"But this can't just be normal. Things aren't like they used to be, Sherlock. You can't just act like we've been paused for a year." He dug his nails into Sherlock's chest before he stepped back and looked around the room, surveying it. The bed was neat and orderly, then he noticed that there was an imprint next to where he slept. The exact size and shape of Sherlock without his shoes on. A stack of files sat next to the bed, the top one open and pages clearly out of order. "What is that?" He asked softly, rubbing his neck. Sherlock actually looked worried for a moment before resuming his normal demeanor, including his impatience at explaining something that to him should have been obvious.
"I don't know. I," John smirked. "I did mention that we were having you all here and told him what time, so we will see."
"This is normal?" He asked softly, incredulously. "This fear gnawing at my stomach, the anger roaring through my body?" He flipped their position so he was over John. "I have so many conflicting thoughts in my head. I want to mark you from head to toe, to pound you into this couch until it breaks, and yet I'm paralyzed by the fear that in two days it'll all be over and I'll really have no reason to keep on living." John was panting at the fiery look in Sherlock's eyes. It was so many things: dangerously primal, deliciously needy, and incredibly telling.
“I am rather impressed.” His mother spoke quietly. “The changes in your manner so far are incredible,” She sighed. "You have become so refined in so short a period." Her tone was curt, disbelieving, and John flushed just slightly.
"Oh? The things I've done?" Mycroft said softly, rather surprised to hear John attempting to threaten him.
Okay guys and gals here's the thing - the next few chapters are going to involve some major feels. But fear not I am a happy ending writer! So bear with my crazy school schedule and the feels and we'll all enjoy some good vampy times!
when Sherlock wasn’t watching him as intensely as he was now. John was getting increasingly flustered, and eventually Sherlock stopped him for a third time.
Sherlock shook his head furiously. “No. I don’t know that I’ll ever be done being a bad influence on you. I suppose you’ll have to fall into the pit of despair with me, John.”
Sherlock’s flight touched down in the early morning; about 8. After Sherlock had scrambled his way through customs, he was greeted at the front of the airport by an ever so enthusiastic John. Following him was Molly, who looked equally excited for Sherlock to be back.
His heart immediately leaped to his throat, and he could barely hear John shuffling around in the kitchen just behind him through the intense beating of his heart. Curiosity besting his anxieties, he tapped the notification, and held a shaky phone up to his ear.
“I… that’s one of the most prestigious music schools in the world, Sherlock. I can’t… I would never get in.”
“So… are you finally going to murder me?” John asked, attempting to hide his apprehension with humor.
With that, they made their way outside and hailed a taxi to take them back to Baker Street. John placed his bag down once they were inside and made his way to the kitchen. “What do you want for dinner, love?”
Sherlock simply burst into tears before pulling John into another bone crushing hug. His heart felt like it was both cracking in two and being filled to the brim with love, ready to burst.
“Don’t worry, all of your belongings were collected by the police, they are on the dining room table,” Sherlock said, sitting up.
Mycroft tossed Sherlock his phone and left without another word. A tear dropped onto the phone screen as Sherlock stared down at it. It was blank. He whispered ‘I’m sorry’ as if John would be able to hear him. He knew at this point John would be breaking apart, and it was his fault.
The judge clasped her hands and leaned forward. She regarded Sherlock stern eyes. “I hope you can prove yourself correct, Mr. Holmes. This may not reflect well on your own admission if they knew you were trying to bribe judges on the behalf of another applicant.”
With that, Sherlock made his way past and continued walking in the opposite direction. John turned around briefly as he passed. What the hell did he look
Eventually, however, John made it home. He was greeted by an uneasy Mike and Molly sitting on the couch.
John shook his head, chuckling softly. “You’ll never understand it, will you?” he asked, regarding Sherlock with a warm smile and a loving gaze. “You are what I care about, Sherlock. Amongst other things, yes. But you need my help now, and it isn’t a bother for me to give it to you.”
“No, no…I’m studying medicine, I have no time to think of music seriously anymore.” John laughed as he continued. “Plus, you don’t actually think that. It’s just the endorphins.”
Sherlock let out something that resembled a growl and pounced on Mycroft, knocking him to the ground. Taken by surprise, Mycroft lost his breath for a moment, allowing Sherlock to easily pin him down.
Sherlock had an interesting group of…people. Well, they called themselves his friends, which was rather stupid of them; he didn’t have friends. Jim and his friends simply followed Sherlock around. They admired his incredible deduction skills. I mean, everyone did.
The creatures were standing still like things that could never have been alive, and Sherlock was sitting still like the gap between inhaling and exhaling, and all of them waited to know what John would choose.
Sherlock turned his head to one side, bit down on a wail and turned it into an "Nnnn," and John whispered, "Yeah," because he could feel him coming and it was amazing.
Under Sherlock's mouth and hands, John's skin proved to be sensitive in places he hadn't been aware of -- his upper arms, a spot halfway down the center of his back. Maybe they'd discovered them before, too, before the aliens made them forget. Maybe, locked away in the dark spaces of his own brain, there were places he could put his fingertips and make Sherlock shudder or moan.
"Out like the proverbial light." The doctor was a big red-faced fellow with a Northern accent; John had met him, but couldn't remember his name at this hour of the morning. "Might be a good time for you to have a lie-down, as well. Next door's got an empty bed."
Well, Sherlock knew what he'd say, didn't he? He'd say, "Slower." He'd say, "One finger, anywhere you like."
, not with Sherlock panting incomprehensible half-sentences into his neck and trying to work his shirt off his shoulders without removing the jumper first.
"I knew you by scent, naturally." Sherlock's voice was still painfully hoarse; the swelling on his forehead had bruised, and removing the tape had made his blackened eye bleed just at the crest of his right cheekbone, not to mention pulling out most of the center of that eyebrow, but he'd been worse off. It wasn't even strange, seeing him wandering about the flat all bruised and bandaged, which probably should have worried John.
A sudden certainty of safety sent a pulse through his dream, relaxing him and waking him all at once. "Sherlock," he said, and opened his eyes.
John would come home from clinic and bear him off to the couch or the bed as if he were a normal man, and the insult was bad enough, but what would happen when, instead of a repeat of last night's fluke success, John instead got a taste of Sherlock's usual reactions? He would be impatient -- or, worse,
And in the morning he could wake up already hard and wanting, already kissing, and get John off in just a moment or two, and be so ready for his own climax, aching for it --
"What is it?" John said, and then, "Sherlock," in the tone he sometimes used to get patients to stop being polite and say what they came to say. If Sherlock hadn’t wanted to tell him, he needn’t have come into the kitchen at all.
Sherlock was sitting on the bed beside him, still in his dressing gown. He had placed one hand on the far side of John's head, putting his forearm and elbow near John's nose and mouth. Good way to pull someone out of a nightmare, actually. Far better than touching or talking, which John knew all too well could have very bad consequences. "Er. Thanks," he said.
Sherlock looked at him, wide-eyed, open-mouthed, stunned. "What? Yes!" But now his confidence was coming back, and he began to move, easy, experimental. "Like that? That?"
And in fact Sherlock almost seemed relieved, though he was still radiating discomfort from every inch of his unbending frame. "You, ah, you left a -- a mark on me. Yesterday."
Better to stay here, exactly where John was imagining him, like some sort of pornographic room decor. Where John would come back into his room and choose his clothes and comb his hair and thread a belt into his trousers. Would he cast admiring looks at Sherlock in his bed? Or would he go about his business as if Sherlock with his cock in his hand were no more interesting than his pillow and his blankets?
Sherlock subsided against the wall, panting. The exertion had started his nose bleeding again. He wiped his face irritably against his shoulder.
coming, dear god -- and found John's hip on the second or third try, and at last managed to work his oversensitive cock out of John's reach without missing any of John's own climax.
Sherlock's eyelids flickered, and slowly, slowly, he followed the direction of John's pulling hand, down to lie beside him. His eyes didn't fall shut until the moment their mouths touched.
He looked at Sherlock now, still putting his body protectively in front of John's, and then back at the aliens. "Are you joking? You can't have it. I want every second of it."
Sherlock wasn't aware of forming an intention to get up; he simply noticed the stair as he was climbing it. John's door was open, and his room was dark, and he was on his back on the bed in vest and pants (between which his cock stood out with mouthwatering obsceneness), and he smiled cheekily and said, "Hoped you might join me."
But Sherlock was following his lead for a change, leaning with just the right amount of steady pressure, squeezing his eyes shut. "Tell me when -- tell me tell me tell me," he said in a voice that was almost all breath.
It was beyond bearing. "Put them on my head, then," Sherlock said, and knelt down sideways on the bed, and bent to suck him.
"When you were dead," John murmured, and Sherlock's neck was centimeters from his mouth. Sherlock inhaled when he kissed it. "You were dead, and you didn't tell me, and I was angry that I'd never got to do this." He darted his tongue out. Sherlock's skin was faintly salty. The taste of it made him need to press closer.
"You think so?" They were back in the positions that had started all this -- John lying back, still a bit breathless, Sherlock bending over him in the half-darkness.
After, he was almost afraid to raise his head, remembering the white light and what it had taken away.
It was tentative, at first. A brush and cling of lips -- a declaration of intent, perhaps, or a request for permission. And then Sherlock inhaled and pressed back, softening into it.
"God. Just want to sleep. No, seriously, Sherlock," because Sherlock had begun to push him off the bed. He grabbed the pillow and blanket and held on. "Look, I'm just going to go down here on the floor, all right?" And he slid off the bed in a pile of fabric. "I'll turn my back," he said, muffled in the pillow.
The part of him that was screaming how unspeakably awful all this was didn't scream very loudly any more. He wanted a cup of tea, and he suspected that what had gone off in the refrigerator was the leftover hot-and-sour and not the cheese after all, and before he diagnosed mastitis on this morning’s patient he ought to have considered clothing-related dermatitis, and all of that was far more important than aliens, or his arse being sore, or knowing what Sherlock looked like when he came.
So John came home from clinic and said, "Had a bit of a --" and Sherlock, without changing his position on his back on the sofa, said, "Yes, a plastic knife fight, I'm sure it was terribly droll."
There it was, a circling of the hips, a shifting of the shoulders -- with mounting excitement Sherlock waited, breathlessly, for the next step, because if John decided he didn't want to stop, if he decided he was ready to come, then he'd start to tremble lightly through his midsection. There it was! Sherlock theorized that it was partly simple arousal and partly the effort required not to manhandle Sherlock or choke him. It was good, it was
John nodded against the skin of Sherlock's upper chest, and then he stiffened, because Sherlock's last statement had got through the fog in his mind.
Sherlock raised his head from the plasters and gave John a long, unreadable look, but he didn't say anything.
John didn’t know how to say it. He touched the pink mark of his mouth on Sherlock's neck, watching his eyelids droop. "I know what
Sherlock's eyes shifted focus; should have known he wouldn't mouth a conventional untruth, would have to give even a question like that some serious thought. At last he looked back at John, and his mouth quirked. "Yes. Yes, I think so."
"There's very little alternative, is there," Sherlock said. And then he sat up suddenly as a suspicion occurred to him.
John blinked at Sherlock's tone, and some of the animation went out of his manner, and paradoxically it only made Sherlock want to hurt him again. "You're standing in my light," he said, and, "Not there; can't you see the spatters?" and "
He turned his head, and John followed his gaze and went cold. There the creatures stood, the color of wet pavement, with that unnatural expressionless stillness.
"No, of course not; it's very shallow, and though the human mouth is a haven for bacteria, for some reason it's generally agreed that it's uncommon for such ... blemishes to become infected." That sounded like the old Sherlock, but he was still looking down at his hands around the bottle. "It's only -- if something touches it --" He raised his hand toward the side of his neck. "It ought to be mildly painful, if anything. But --"
"If that's the way it is, I'll go on upstairs," John said. "You'll feel better when you've had a nice wank."
John took in the whole awful scene in a sweeping glance from the top of the cellar stair: the kicked-in door, the overturned chair, and Sherlock. Sherlock on his back on the filthy cellar floor, half-sprawled on his bound hands, muttering a low-pitched, unintelligible babble; crosses of black tape over his eyes, his lips pulled back into a snarl. But the worst of it was the sluggish trickle of blood out of Sherlock's left nostril and over his upper lip, and Sherlock unable to wipe it away.
John nodded. He was having difficulty keeping his eyes open, so he shut them. He let his weight shift forward until he was openly leaning on the long warm stretch of Sherlock's body. "For the ..." He trailed off.
hurt me." He tugged the sheet off his leg to show the row of plasters that covered the scrape on his shin.
"Two choices," Dimmock said, "both of them bad." Sherlock was clearly aware of the open stairway, but he seemed to have some aversion to that part of the room. Instead he picked an adjacent piece of wall and began slamming his shoulder into it, growling, over and over. John couldn't bear to look at him. "I've called for reinforcements. Five or six of us could subdue him, put him out so we could get him to hospital. Wouldn't have to do any permanent damage, probably."
John pulled off with a mischievous expression and said, "Shut up and enjoy it, Sherlock. When I get bored of it, I'll stop."
His pulse kicked up, and he bent forward and brushed his lips over it. "We weren't going to do this."
Sherlock came home, nodded without stopping to speak, and loped off to his room -- John, who was still a little sore, envied him that easy stride -- and John ate another samosa and settled in to work on his blog.
John blinked again, and then a broad, suggestive grin began to spread across his face. "You did yesterday."
It wouldn't have been so bad with someone normal. They'd have had some foolish, ill-advised sex, which might or might not have led to foolish, ill-advised romance, which might or might not have crashed and burned and left them both miserable. Life was full of choices like that. But Sherlock even resented the necessity of eating and sleeping. It had been obvious he was savagely unhappy to find himself with a libido, and he had responded with an indiscriminate wrath that should not have been as sexy as it was.
What the white light actually did was to do for memories what morphine did for pain. It was all still there -- the surprised noise Sherlock made when their lips touched for the first time, the hungry noise he was making twenty minutes later, the way he couldn't meet John's gaze after. It was all still there, but John didn't care very much. There was Sherlock's bare back, with a few red scratches; it was interesting the way art was interesting. There was the handkerchief Sherlock had given him, not quite enough to get all the stickiness off his belly and inner thighs but enough that he could get his trousers back on, and there was Sherlock’s eyeroll when John offered it back.
For a long moment they just breathed into it, and then Sherlock shifted. He was watching John narrowly -- looking for confirmation, ready to read a yes or a no on John's face, and christ, that was hot. "Yeah," John said. "Yeah, a little more. It's
Sitting against the headboard? On his side like an artist's model? Straddling a pillow, kneeling on the floor, flat on his back with his feet braced against the wall?
"Pure mind," John said, "unmuddied by transient shifts in brain chemistry." It had the feel of a quote, something he'd heard before.
John tried a lick in the same spot, and then a gentle bite, and then a bite that was a little less gentle. “Sound decision. Well done us.” But Sherlock was pulling back to frown down at him. “Not as though we were victims of some sort of, of mind control, right? Men from Mars? We just decided we didn’t like that choice.” John ran his fingertip upward over the wrinkle between Sherlock’s brows.
in time with the spasms in his cock, and when he did, John let out a muffled wail and his hips pistoned up hard, and Sherlock flailed out with one hand --
Disinfectant, hair gel, dry-cleaning fluid, something musky-perfumy that was probably deodorant, and a clean body smell that he would have recognized as Sherlock's even, yes, with tape over his eyes.
"Is that so?" John traced Sherlock's knuckles where he was gripping the sheet, and didn't wait for an answer. "One finger. Anywhere you like, but only one."
One more "Sherlock," one more chance to do this peacefully, and then John moved fast. As soon as he was in reach, he pushed Sherlock's chin up sharply with one hand, just enough, he hoped, to leave him a bit confused and off balance. In almost the same motion, he pivoted in under Sherlock's center of gravity, bringing the back of his shoulder under the front of Sherlock's, and backed one leg between Sherlock's longer ones. A kick-and-twist with that heel, an unbalancing jab of his hip into Sherlock's pelvis, and Sherlock's weight was briefly on John's back and then off, John following him down just a split-second too late to stop his head from hitting the floor.
Sherlock was wearing a dress shirt. John eyed what little of his neck was visible above the collar. "That was ... rude of me. Sorry."
"Think you've re-wired me," John said, thumbing Sherlock's lower lip dry. "Normally I'd be done about now, but now I just wonder what's next. Why don't I stay and watch?"
His face was pink, and he was still not quite making eye contact, and John had a thought that made him catch his breath: Was it possible that this was Sherlock's first lovebite ever? Sad, then, that he couldn't remember giving it to him, the taste of his skin or the noises he might have made.
“We weren’t going to do this.” Sherlock sounded like a tipsy man trying to make himself sober by force of will. “What made us change our minds about not doing this?”
It wasn't the worst kind of nightmare, partly because somehow he knew it was a nightmare without quite being able to free himself from it, but it was disturbing: unfamiliar shadows, moving lights, a conviction of danger; hands too shaky to punch in a phone number, terrible threat if he made noise calling for help. If he could move, he could wake himself up. He tensed every muscle, straining everything, to no avail --
that." John raised his hips, and Sherlock's thumb made contact through his shorts, and John gasped. "I'll -- you shouldn't let me," Sherlock said, even as one hand tilted John's hips into position and the other continued taking him apart with touches that were just that close to being enough. "You shouldn't -- I don't know how not to hurt you --"
John's face must have shown how horrified he was, because Dimmock spread his hands defensively. "We tried. Don't you think we tried? We haven't been able to get close enough. His feet are free, and he's got an amazing range, and he's very strong and thinks we're evil aliens or something. Falconer got
he? He'd been thinking that he was having sex with John until John came, and after that he was wanking just as he always did. But now he saw that this was far from obvious. John was in the room with him, and receiving some form of gratification from Sherlock's arousal and eventual orgasm, that much was inexplicable but obvious. John viewed them as lovers -- they
He twitched, half annoyed; it was distracting, but not enough so to make him leave off what he was doing in order to say so. John had a particular, slow, full-body writhe that he only did when his cock was in Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock wanted to enjoy it.
About the time he hit Post and went back to the kitchen for more kheer, Sherlock sidled in again. "If you'd like some dinner, there's ..." but he broke off, because there really wasn’t.
His lower lip dented inwards, hesitating. “My body -- wants your body close. It trusts your body. It remembers."
Sherlock heard the toilet flush and the shower start up, a subtle change in the sound as water went from hitting porcelain to hitting skin -- John's skin, going pink in the steam.
Sherlock didn't stop. Little by little he found himself reclining, wrong way on the bed, relaxing into sucking John off as slowly as he could manage it. John turned on his side, making everything easier to reach, and Sherlock took him deeper as a reward, and then his breath caught as he felt John's mouth on his own cock.
When he took Sherlock's cock in his hand, Sherlock pitched up to his elbows and bent his head. He watched fiercely through one exploratory stroke, and then he said, “Not
One finger, making small circles on the most sensitive spot on his cock. It wasn't going to get him to climax, but it was as though John had done something to his body, turned his finger itself into an erogenous zone. His breathing was audible in the quiet room.
When they parted, John's eyes went to the empty corner of the bedroom, looking for -- what was it? There wouldn't have been anyone in his bedroom, for christ's sake. Not when he was in here naked with Sherlock.
John looked at him as he stood there with his dark-blue shirt open to frame his bare chest. There had been an intensity between them from the hour they met. Sherlock had to be as grateful as he was that it was gone now.
"Dimmock's a bit afraid of you even when you're in your right mind." John touched his fingertips lightly to the inside of Sherlock's elbow. Truth was, when he'd seen Sherlock on the cement floor, he'd acted without thinking -- with the sensation that the situation didn't require any thinking. "Look. You were hurt. You were bleeding. It was long odds you'd throw anything at me that I couldn't stand, but if you'd tried, I knew I could stop you." Following the line of Sherlock's biceps led him up to shoulder, collarbone, neck. He gave a gentle downward pull -- enough talking. When Sherlock didn't take the hint, John clarified: "It
There was a bit of a struggle, rather blurry, as Sherlock focused as much attention as he could on keeping his jaw loose and not biting John or hurting him in any way; his mouth wanted to suck,
Sherlock bent his head, pressing his face against John's forehead, and took a breath, as though he were smelling John's hair. "You were very angry with me."
The crosses of black electrical tape were nauseating, especially in combination with Sherlock's gory mouth and the swelling on his forehead. He angled his face this way and that, trying to keep John in front of him, amazingly alert under the circumstances.
"), and he wanted to touch John all over and taste his skin, pinch, bite, squeeze, swallow, and lock his eyes on John's beautiful weathered face in that moment when he lost all self-consciousness to pleasure.
-- and John laughed, breathy. "Funny, 'cos I was thinking about you. Always thinking about you, now, imagining how you might do it --"
If this was sex, then John had the right to a preference as to how long it lasted. He would quickly become impatient with Sherlock's pursuit of orgasm. Sherlock
He instantly recognized the ring of truth. When the two of them parted, John wasn't done thinking about him. John, wherever he was, was picturing Sherlock. His mouth, his hands, his cock.
"Oh." Sherlock followed John's bent leg with his hand, pulling it to wrap around his side, rolling his hips sharply into the new angle of their bodies. It wasn't difficult to follow his line of thought. "John. Would you?"
"We know. The Yard's on it. Shh." John picked at a corner of one piece of tape near the bridge of Sherlock's nose. Sherlock flinched but didn't struggle as John peeled up the edge and yanked, revealing his eye, bloodshot, dilated, blackened on one side, but fairly rational.
Sherlock heard an inarticulate hiss coming from his mouth. John heard it, too, and smirked. How long, then, before John was done with him? "So happy to provide entertainment," he said in a poor imitation of his normal voice.
Don't you think I've tried it? It doesn't matter how much I 'close my eyes' and 'focus my mind,' it ends with a frustrated bedmate and a sore prick. Better to stick with what works."
"No," Sherlock said. His voice was as hoarse as if he'd already been shouting. "No, there was a clear tacit agreement not to do this."
He'd sworn, after the last disaster, that he'd always explain matters upfront -- if he were even foolish enough to begin another relationship at all -- but it was damnably difficult. He wished, for the nth time, that other people didn't insist on having the dots connected for them. "It's nothing painful or upsetting. In fact, it requires nothing of you at all." John's face had shifted from pained-but-game to I'm-a-doctor-tell-me-anything. Sherlock became aware that he was arranging and rearranging his own fingers, and forcibly stilled his hands. "In point of fact, I don't have orgasms in the presence of other people."
they’d made it from the couch to the bedroom last night, and the two of them were somewhat clean considering exactly how much sex they’d had last night. John stretched, rolling over and flopping himself over Sherlock. The brunet grunted in his sleep but made no motion to move away from John.
John nodded, before planting one last kiss on Sherlock’s lips. “Hurry up and eat then so I can get you in
John simply shook his head. “I’m no good, Sherlock. I never will be. I could hardly get my nerves together for deciding to audition for the Royal Academy. An audition at a school like Julliard is just going to send me into a pit I’ll never be able to crawl back out of.”
As always, leave questions and comments as you please! Also let me know if you like where the story is headed or if you feel like it would be better going somewhere else.
John could overhear Molly’s sobs through Mike’s phone. After a few minutes Mike shot John a strange look.
John groaned in frustration. “You really think I’m in the right mindset to be answering god damn physics questions right now, Sherl?”
“It isn’t you, Sherlock,” he said with a shy smile. “It’s just that this is all so unexpected. I mean, you’re
Within the next half hour, the performance had ended, and there had been a standing ovation. For the soloist, of course. Once Sherlock had taken his bow, he motioned towards John, and they then bowed together before turning to exit the stage. Sherlock bounced about, full of adrenaline from his performance.
Sitting right there was the man who flipped his entire world upside down. Except, it turned out that John had been the one who was upside down the whole time. Sherlock just helped him get right side up again. And in a few months’ time, they’d be beginning their next adventure in New York City. They’d been in contact with the housing offices and were almost done with setting up arrangements for an apartment. All that was left was packing up their lives into boxes and shipping them across the sea.
. I was very confused at first because I had never had a feeling like that about anyone. I first thought it was just a very good friendship that I sensed. But I began researching. I did multiple tests on myself to try to explain this feeling that I had. My brother, Mycroft, as useless as he is, could not have walked in at a better moment. When he asked what in bloody hell I was doing, I explained to him. Now he may be smart, but he has let relationships take hold of his brains. Hence he is losing his edge, as I believe I have told you already. He came in and sat me down and explained these feelings that I had been feeling. He explained that you and I, our minds had a special connection. He told me that I was falling in love with you. Now at first, I thought that was absolutely absurd, as I had just met you. But when I saw Jim approaching you at the table with that menacing look in his eye, or when he approached you and pushed you into the lockers, I was ready to kill him. All I could think was
“No, because I’m not the one whose lost my mind here, its you lot! You want me to try so hard to get in touch with these people as though its going to change anything, when it’s my own bloody fault I didn’t get in in the first place!”
John scoffed and turned away, trying to hide his blush. “I don’t need a babysitter, I’m in medical school for God’s sake.”
“Oh, John, where the hell have you been?” Molly cried as he walked in the door. She stood up and was next to him in a moment. “Mike texted me saying you never came home, and you wouldn’t answer your damn phone! What were you thinking?”
“Damn…” Sherlock muttered. He turned to see his brother Mycroft leaning against the doorframe of his bedroom. He stepped almost protectively in front of John as he reached the top of the stairs. “Leave us alone, Mycroft.”
Sherlock pulled John into a kiss. John pushed on Sherlock and tried to get out of his hold, but Sherlock kept a strong grip on John’s waist.
He was approaching the end of his final year at the Royal Academy. He had to start thinking about where he was going from here. He, of course, was leaning towards a graduate program. He loved performing more than anything, but he wanted to be able to do more. He wanted to be able to teach and spread his passion for music around wherever he went. He wouldn’t perform all his life. Carpal Tunnel was sure to find its way into his wrists sooner rather than later.
Sherlock fell back into his chair, hugging his knees to his chest. “It’s all because of that damned judge at your audition… she said that my actions in favor of you could reflect badly on my own admissions… I thought she was just bluffing, but perhaps she wasn’t.”
“Oh, for the love of God…” John muttered, standing up and walking over to where Sherlock sulked in his chair. John leaned forward so their eyes were level. “Are you quite finished with that nonsense of yours?” John asked.
John rolled his eyes, shaking his head as he was half listening to Molly muttering curses either at her phone, the admissions office, or both. “Because I know that you’re full of shit and that you probably care ten times more than I do, and I’m also not going to let you throw everything away like an idiot,” he responded, without even turning away from his phone. Sherlock simply shrank further into his chair, wondering what on Earth he’d done to deserve the beautiful blond sitting across the room from him.
He was about half way to his flat when he noticed the feeling of some sort of presence close behind him. He stopped and turned around; nobody was there.
“Yeah. My old instructor always pushed me to always go back to songs I knew I could play well, especially when I was feeling… frustrated.”
AS always, thanks so much for reading! The story is finally nearing it's end. Just a few more chapters, and this story of our boys will be over. I can't tell you guys how thankful I am for you taking this journey with me! Can't wait to show you all what happens next!
Ah, this was so intense for me to write because it felt so personal. Auditions pass in the blink of an eye but they always feel like they last forever. And when they're finally over and you can bREATHE!
"Oh, we don't have to. He'll be so broken after what we're about to do, he'll do all the hurting himself."
“Then that’s impossible,” Molly said thoughtfully. “Because your audition was just two days ago then. The day before you flew back, right? That gives them less than 48 hours to get that letter overseas and into his mailbox. It’s practically impossible. They must have sent it out before your audition, it’s the only way it would have gotten here before you even returned home yourselves.”
John walked back into the bedroom and flicked the light on, earning an annoyed groan from Sherlock as he pulled the covers over his head.
“I’m going to try to convince him to reach out to admissions today. Though, I don’t know how much luck I’ll have. The last thing he said to me last night was that he never planned on touching his violin again.”
Sherlock stood up and walked over to John and wrapped his arms around him. “Deep breaths, love. You’re playing wonderfully. You just need to
John’s face turned beet red as Sherlock walked across the room to plug in the kettle and begin boiling the water. How could Sherlock unravel him so easily? Why did John… like it? What had they done that had left both of them so in awe of each other? They just… played music. Molly was surely pulling his leg earlier with all that music forms some sort of special bond between musicians. It was just sound waves. It didn’t make sense that every rehearsal left John giddy with joy, and that his thoughts were usually plagued with the handsome violinist he’d been spending all of his time with as of late.
John stared at the paper in disbelief. He was so focused on it that he did not notice Jim approaching his table.
“I could say the same about you. You’re some kind of freaky detective genius and you’re only in high school.”
When John looked back up Sherlock pulled him in for a long passionate kiss. It only lasted a few second though before John pulled away.
“So, his royal highness here is going to have to find himself a replacement pianist until then, yeah?”
John was pulled out of his thoughts with a gentle elbow to his side. He jolted, turning to face a startled Sherlock next to him.
Sherlock shook his head, relaxing into John’s ministrations with a pleased sigh. “I’ll be fine. Might just take a break from practicing today is all. But I’m more worried about you… I woke up after 3 in the morning and you were in the living room sobbing.”
John turned and smiled at him. “It is a celebratory dinner, is it not? We’re going to Tapas Brindisa tonight.”
John looked at him and laughed lightly. Though quiet, it was a sincere laugh, the first one John had had in a long time. He pulled Sherlock over to him and hugged him tightly.
Molly shook her head, frustrated. “Don’t you get it, Sherlock? If having an absolutely perfect audition—” she threw a hand up when Sherlock started a protest. “I
. Molly was probably right. They knew they wanted someone as talented like you in their program and the audition was more or less truly a formality. It assured them that you really are that talented and now their minds are made up.”
“It’s one thing to accept help from a friend, and its another to let a friend do all of the things that I should probably be doing. And since I’m
"At one point I touched your arm slightly and you flinched; your face scrunched up a bit, too. One could only assume the fabric of your shirt rubbed against the cuts and irritated them, causing a small amount of pain. Simple deduction skills, John."
In the end, Sherlock and John had spent almost the entire afternoon at John’s flat, the two of them catching up with Mike. Molly had been keeping him updated, but John could tell that his friend was thankful to actually see the two of them in person after all the drama had gone down. When dinner time rolled around, John stood and stretched, reaching for his bag.
“Hold on, didn’t you just get back from your audition?” she asked, deep in thought. John gave a cautious nod.
sorry I'm garbage and haven't updated anything in two weeks lol. I've been working a bunch and its left me with very little time to write, but! I got it done!
“Clearly the man was overweight, the shoes bottoms are extremely worn out but everywhere else is only worn through a little. These shoes could only have been bought within the past year. The tops are still in fair condition, they are clean, and the threads in the laces haven’t been pulled on as severely as they would be on an older pair. This shows that the shoes could not have been worn too often, therefore there would have to be more wear and tear going on while the shoes were being worn. Since the heels of these shoes are in such horrid condition, it only makes sense that they were owned by a man on the heavier side.”
The last thing he heard was a small, harmless “shut up” from the man next to him before they both drifted off to sleep.
With that, he pressed the end button on his phone. He turned back to Mike and Molly who looked more concerned than they did before. John fished a wad of cash out of his pocket and handed it to his friends. “I’m sorry our lunch got interrupted with such bad news… I’ve got to go, though. He’s so… God, I’ve got to go. I’ll see you back at home?”
Sherlock pulled out his headphones and pulled up his playlist of repertoire for his audition. He chose Dance of the Goblins as his own piece to showcase. He laughed softly to himself.
“Hey, John, I wanted to say thank you for accepting Sherlock’s request! I’m sorry, I totally forgot to warn you that he was going to ask you again... or that I got recruited into the piano trio. This thing popped up so suddenly, and they really weren’t going to let me say no. You really saved me, Sherlock never would have forgiven me if I left him with a sub-par pianist.”
He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. A few moments later he felt a small tap on his shoulder. He turned and saw the handsome lad next to him, looking like he wanted to ask him a question.
Yes. Definitely cried over it. Sherlock truly couldn’t wait to be back home where he could be anxious in the company of the people he loved.
“Well this is the last time you’ll have to hear it,” Sherlock whispered into his ear. “I’ll be the one who means it.”
Sherlock let the utensils he was holding fall from his hands and land with a crash on the table. He slammed his palms down, trying to hold back his frustrations with how little John thought of himself. “John, the way you played today… there are some professionals that still can’t feel the music that deeply, with that level of intensity!”
“Sherlock, is everything okay?” John called into the flat. He saw Sherlock sitting at the table, practically vibrating with nerves. John approached him quietly. He wasn’t entirely sure if Sherlock had even heard him come in.
“Wrist is broken. Not bad, but broken. Doctor says she won’t be able to play piano again until it is fully healed, because the strain on the muscles wouldn’t be beneficial, plus it could cause complications with how the bones heal.”
The priest closed the book he held in his hands and smiled at the two men in front of him. “Ladies and gentlemen! For the first time I present to you Doctor and Doctor Holmes-Watson!”
John thrust Sherlock’s phone back into his hands, taking his computer and setting it down on the living room table. Sherlock’s hands shook violently as he typed the number into the phone.
"Well... that night, when you texted me saying that you loved me... I was going to say that I loved you too, John."
After school, Sherlock took John straight to where they had first spent time together; on the top of Bart’s hospital.
John remained silent. He felt a pang of jealousy at hearing that Sherlock used terms of endearment towards Molly. Though… what the hell was he jealous about? It isn’t like his opinion of him had changed; he wanted absolutely nothing to do with that git and his jaw-dropping good looks and his incredible talent with the violin. Plus, Molly’s wrist was as good as healed. He wasn’t going to be playing with him again—
“My love, you must calm down. You’re going to do wonderfully at your audition. You just have to keep calm. Remember; think of what you were thinking of during the last few practice sessions. Think of how you feel playing with me. Think about getting completely absorbed into the instrument and the music.”
John picked up his music, and he noticed a piece of paper sticking out in the back of the book. He pulled it out and read it. It was…
At lunch John grabbed his trey of food and made his way to the far side of the cafeteria where he spotted an empty table. He pulled out the map of the school and looked to find where he would be going afterwards. He placed the paper map side down for a moment to take a bite of his sandwich when he noticed some writing on the back of the paper.
Around 1 in the morning, John and Mike parted ways with Molly as they walked back towards their flat. John, now having consumed more than a few alcoholic beverages, was babbling loudly about his latest efforts with school and romance until he walked right into a familiar stranger.
“No, no, Sherlock. No matter what happens here, you cannot let that sway your decision.” It was John’s turn to cup Sherlock’s face. “This is your
Sherlock rolled off of John and pulled him up so they were both standing. He cupped his face and gave him soft kisses on his cheeks and his forehead. “John Watson I’ve never met a more talented pianist in my life, and if this school decides that you’re not good enough then neither am I.”
coming today. It had been weeks since the audition, and Sherlock had already received his. Since John’s audition wasn’t too far after his, he assumed that the letter would follow suit at about the same time frame. Which lead to today.
Time slowed to a near stop as John walked onto the stage. He approached the beautiful piano sitting on the stage; it was there for him. He stopped by his bench and took a bow, his entire being enveloped in the sound of applause coming from the audience.
After an undeterminable amount of time, John was pulled out of his blissful half-sleep by his phone violently vibrating on the table next to him. He rolled over and picked it up. He squinted through the brightness to see that it was an incoming call from Molly. He picked it up, dragging his free hand over his face.
“So… am I reading too much into this?” John asked, watching Molly as she scrolled through the messages Sherlock had sent him yesterday.
"Why are you doing this, Mycroft?" Sherlock asked, defeated. "Why must you ruin John's life... why must you keep hurting him like this…"
But it still hurt. It hurt more than either of them expected. A few weeks ago they were on their knees begging for things to be this way. Now they almost wished they could turn back the clock. Just a few more moments. A few more
The two looked into each other's eyes, smiling. It had been one extremely long, bumpy, exhausting ride, but it had gotten them here. It felt like they had just spent a lifetime to prove they loved each other. But in the end, it worked.
He shakily packed up his instrument and headed back to his hotel room. His flight back to London was tomorrow evening. He shoved everything into his suitcase and fell onto his bed. He texted John. He was
“Had a fall, she thinks she may have broken it. Can’t move it at all,” he said, adjusting himself in the seat. “She wants you to take a look at it to see whether or not she needs to go to the hospital.”
Sherlock walked over to John and planted a kiss on the top of his head. “Take five minutes and clear your head, love. I’m going to run and grab a drink.”
“I want you to do what is going to make you happy,” Molly said softly, almost hesitantly. “I know that you and Sherlock have gotten close over the past few months and… don’t throw away your happiness just for me, okay? I know that’s like, your whole mode of operation, but for once… do what is going to make you happy. You mean more to me than being his accompanist.”
“That’s not necessary, mate,” John said, taking a seat at the piano bench. It felt he was sitting down to tea with an old friend, so they could catch up with each other.
Sherlock shook his head. “John. They don’t care about your feelings. I promise. If they didn’t want you, you’d know. And the fact that the judges heard me out that day and offered you a second chance during your audition means that they
“Sherlock texted me last night,” Molly started, her voice quivering. “He said he wants… he wants to ask you to permanently replace me as his accompanist.”
John figured he had crossed some sort of line, and he decided to drop the subject. “All right, Preludium and Allegro.” He picked up the piano part and began to flip through the pages. “Kreisler, excellent composer. Can’t say I’ve ever heard the piece though. Shall we get started?”
Sherlock shook his head. “The John Watson I know and love would never throw caution to the wind like that, especially with academics. I’ve been a bad influence on you, it would seem…”
He turned and motioned for John to walk inside with him. Once they had both gotten in and closed the door, Sherlock’s mum’s voice arose from the living room.
“Sherlock? Love, I need you to breathe for me. You have to breathe so you can talk to me. What’s going on?”
Sherlock just shook his head. “He is ten times worse than me when it comes to apathy for people in unfortunate situations, he flaunts his intelligence like there is no tomorrow, and all he does is talk about how much better he is than everyone else. And whenever he gets the chance, he points out as many possible flaws in someone as he can. He is basically an older, worse version of me.”
“I know that your heart is torn, John. But I’ll tell you this. No matter what, it is never too late. Remember that. It is
Sherlock shrugged. “Guess I might have to considering I’ll probably never touch my violin again in my life.”
His pride was nothing but encouraged when he was bombarded by his friends and his fiancé in the lobby. Molly thrusted flowers into his arms and Mike wrapped an arm over his shoulders and told him about all of his favorite parts. He made absolutely no sense in musical terms, but John couldn’t help the brightness of his smile as he listened to his friend talk on.
“Okay, well my mum and dad are, well, my mum and dad. If they see you, they will probably ask you a million questions about your life. My wish is to avoid this because quite frankly, I know that you and I both would much rather get to a more private setting.” Sherlock put slight emphasis on the word ‘private’ and playfully bumped his shoulder into John. John blushed and Sherlock smiled.
“You’re very cute when you’re confused,” Sherlock said softly, almost as though he didn’t want John to hear him. He blushed furiously as Sherlock continued talking. “We’re going to drink some tea and talk about things. Musical things. It gets us both in the rehearsal zone at the same time, and I feel like we are more connected this way throughout the rehearsal. Though, I must say, our connection thus far without this ‘tea time’ has been fairly deep already, so I’m hoping that this can only make things go even smoother than usual.”
“There are other kids around here who go to school the same way. You will be fine, John.” His mother pulled him into a hug. “I’m sorry things are the way they are, but just keep your head up and everything will be fine.”
John and Sherlock turned to take one last glance at Mike and Molly, who’d come to see them off at the airport. Their luggage was currently being sent out to the plane and they were getting ready to head to their gate to wait for their flight. In about two hours, they’d be boarding a plane headed for the JFK airport. They had only a one-way ticket this time around.
John squeezed his hands into nervous fists, unable to lift his gaze from the floor. “Do you really, honestly think that, Sherlock?” Before Sherlock could speak, John brought a hand to his mouth and looked up, meeting his gaze with such sad eyes that Sherlock thought he felt his heart crack.
“The anxiety, John. The nerves. The mind racing. The heart pounding. I need you to clear your head and only think about the piano that’s in front of you and the Chopin that you are playing. Who gives a damn if you make a mistake? If you put your heart into it, it is going to sound flawless no matter what!”
Most of the walk was silent, but a comfortable silent. As they got closer to Sherlock’s house, though, Sherlock began warning John about his family members.
John reveled in the amusements of the singing waiters and waitresses as Sherlock sat fuming next to him. Luckily, both of the men and the diner staff lived through the morning, and they left the diner, luggage in hand, and hailed a cab to the JFK airport. They climbed into the cab, and the ride was uncomfortably silent for the first few moments, until Sherlock finally spoke for the first time since entering the diner.
John walked outside and headed for the end of the street; he knew the general vicinity of where he was going, he just really disliked taking the tube. There were too many people, no matter what time of day you went. As he rounded the corner, sure enough there was a group of kids walking down the street. He didn’t want to confront them; people were most definitely one of his weaker points. He kept a safe distance, hoping that they would not notice. Unfortunately for him, one of them turned around and saw him. He immediately put his attention on something else.
“Don’t worry Mrs. Watson. I’ll have him home within the hour,” Sherlock replied. He was off in a moment, not even waiting for her response. He would definitely find John within the hour. He just hoped he found him alive.
After a lovely candlelit dinner, they left the restaurant with John a blushing mess, as he usually was around Sherlock. They hailed another cab and as they climbed into the back, Sherlock whispered a destination into the cabbie’s ear. They began driving, leaving John in the dark.
“She’s right, you know,” Mike said, a proud smile on his face. “You do everything that you’ve ever done exceedingly well, John. I really don’t know how you do it. I don’t know how you get up every day and put 110% into everything.”
When he got to Mike's house, he rang the doorbell. His heart started pounding in his ears and he could feel his palm becoming rather sweaty.
Everything that Sherlock had said and done once they’d walked into the room surprised him. It was obvious he already knew the piece like the back of his hand, why didn’t he just take off and be the pompous soloist he made himself out to be?
John went silent. His hands slowly fell from Sherlock’s and he was silent for what seemed like ages. Sherlock’s mind was racing. He was already thinking of every piano piece he knew, and he knew that John could play all of them with ease. His audition would be a breeze. A pianist as talented as him had the world at his mercy, all he had to do was show John how to let it all go.
to be my friend and you knew nothing about me, but you wanted me around. That's why I followed you and hid in those bushes. I didn't want you to know how much I wanted that, how much I needed that. I was always a
"John, stop it." Sherlock scolded, annoyed. He yanked his wrist away from John and furrowed his brow. "I'm healing. I'm the same as I have been. Nothing is different or worse. Stop nagging me." He met John's eyes and sighed. "I'm sorry, I don't..."
“Do not be so cruel to your brother my love, you know he cares deeply for both of us.” John chided as they dressed.
"You know not what you say, John Watson." But his hand was already scaling the length of John's neck. "You do not understand..." His motions froze when John spoke.
“I can assure you, Lord Moriarty, the Holmes have been pure gentlemen and have cared for my every need without me so much as considering a want for
“So he did go to The Yard, at least he is predictable. The Mender sighed, sinking back in his chair and attempting to look casual and at ease. Gregory, however, noticed the tremors and the rigidness of the motion and knew his fears were confirmed. “Did he tell you the results of my study?” John made an effort to keep his voice strong and firm, though he knew Gregory could easily see through the charade.
Darkness rolled in quickly and the rain opened up on them before they made it to the Cottage. John was rather displeased and very grumpy, but he was not so lost in his own thoughts that he missed Sherlock tensing as they approached the scene of James' murder outside the unused Gardener's Cottage. John quickly saw what made Sherlock tense; a shadow flittered across the window of the cottage. John dropped the case just below the tree outside the cottage and the two of them ducked low outside the cottage moving towards the door and slinking after the shadow. They followed the person as they opened the door to the Cottage and John drew his pistol. He motioned for Sherlock to get behind him and he slowly stepped towards the opened door but did not see the shadow move out of it. As he stepped into the cottage however he received a fierce right hook in the jaw.
“From a patient of mine,” said Mike Stamford, in answer to the question of where he had got the idea for a series of drugs that could act as suppressants and regulators of Omega heats, now in the final stages of human testing. “An Omega-Y, who shall remain anonymous, expressed his frustrations over the nature of his heats, and his desire to have control over them. That’s what planted the seed. And from there, after thinking on it for a long while, it began to germinate.”
He dressed quickly, shoved his feet into a pair of shoes and grabbed his coat off the hook. Probably for the first time in his recollection, he left the flat without letting anyone know that he was leaving, without any real plan, and without having grabbed a bite of breakfast. It was a thrilling sensation.
But he simply hadn’t known: a person could suffer the very same, fraught yearning in other ways. And it was just as horrifying, just as painful, and just as desperate.
Sherlock endured his rambling and wordlessly held out his hand. Shyly, John brought out the book and placed it in his open palm. He awaited judgment.
“It means, Sherlock, that you’re a good detective. But not much more than that. In another life, you and I solved those cases. All of them. Both of us.”
John laughed at himself and rubbed the back of his neck. “I just wonder, sometimes. How things are for him. For both of them.”
Sherlock pulled and pulled, and then gave and gave. John’s scent flowed into him, and his flowed into John, and somewhere in the mixture, the intruding scent began to dissipate. The drug was dispersed, lessening in John’s system and being shared in Sherlock’s, so that he began to feel a muted sense of euphoria himself.
Shaking his head emphatically, Sherlock said, “We cannot ignore the facts. The biological facts. Alphas are vicious by nature. Omegas are smaller in everything from bone to muscle mass. It comes down to this: I’m built to fight. You’re not. Besides, if I allow it, people will say I’m mistreating you, to put it mildly.”
“It was the morning after the last heat we shared together. Him and me. It was just a little thing. He said—” Sherlock dropped his head, like he was mortified, like repeating it was costing him something. “He said,
And that was it. Sherlock was out like a lamp within minutes, without so much as a goodnight, or sweet dreams, or any kind of touch—apologetic or otherwise—at all.
He started for the bedroom, but before he was out of sight, John said in a rush, “Did you mean what you said?”
? Omegas weren’t supposed to dread their heats! But . . . that was exactly how he had felt. The intensity of the act of knotting was actually
“Doesn’t mean it can’t be managed. Regulated. Made less intense for those who want to keep their wits about them. And, for others, suppressed.”
The voice was muffled because of the noise-cancelling headset, but John could make out the words perfectly. He turned his head and saw that Lestrade had rejoined them.
.” He laughed shortly. “So like a Holmes, to dissect me at a glance, filet me and lay me bare.” With a trembling hand, he rubbed the back of his neck, searching for a scar he didn’t know existed. “Goddamit, why did you have to say any of that?”
“I’m sorry you ever felt that way,” Sherlock said, and he closed his eyes and nuzzled John’s face with his own. His lips skimmed across John’s lips. “I’m sorry I made you think you were anything less than the world to me.”
But his mirth was cut short by the thought—what does a Beta partner do, when his Omega goes into heat?
He tore the house upside down looking for them, and Dad followed him around, mocking his panic, saying, “You said you didn’t want to play. You said it, Johnny.”
A simple case—Lestrade really was such an idiot—interrupted the day and stole their hours, but at the soonest possible moment, they returned to the couch, and this time, within a few short minutes, they found themselves horizontal, Sherlock’s knee tucked between John’s (for the sake of conserving space, of course), and kissing. Touching, and kissing, and kissing, and touching, and Sherlock was at this very moment lavishing John’s neck with his mouth. At his ear, he heard John’s sultry breaths of enjoyment. Intuiting that they were ready for access to a little more skin, Sherlock deftly popped the top button of John’s shirt and gently pulled the collar to the side. His kissed, down, down, and over, and had nearly exposed John’s left shoulder when—
“If you have to,” Lestrade continued, “write it down. Put it in a letter. Make him read it. I don’t know, you’re the writer. You’ll know what to say.”
But it wasn’t the theories he was interested in at the moment. No, it was the first lines of interaction. He could read what John had written, queries about his own Sherlock at the forefront, but his own John’s words were missing, trapped on the other side of the mirror. John had recounted them as best he could, but it wasn’t the same as having them in hand. What had he said, and how had he said it. What he did have was a rather impassioned retort from the John on this side of the glass to the John on the other:
He couldn’t say what, exactly, and so on the whole, he ignored it. It was just little things, things Sherlock couldn’t even name, fleeting thoughts he couldn’t pin down when John moved a certain way or said a certain thing or laughed at a pitch that was for a flash of a moment unfamiliar—but then the moment would pass, and Sherlock couldn’t understand why he had this niggling feeling in the back of his mind. So he stamped it down and ignored it.
,” said John, “two men, walking on the same bridge, at the same speed, on the same day, could . . . mind swap.”
Sherlock spoke so matter-of-factly, that John couldn’t help but believe it. He felt emboldened, just positively swelling with good feeling, and part of that was imagining returning to his bond-mate a new and improved man. To see the look on Sherlock’s face, as impressed with him as this one! He could hardly sit still at the thought. More than ever before, he was determined to find a way home.
“Pink, Sherlock. Pink. Jennifer Wilson. She wore a pink suit, pink rain coat, pink heels, even pink fingernails.”
, as it had been described to him during sex ed, was an inferior way for Betas to exhibit and generate desire sufficient for copulation. Some Betas relied on it, apparently, and others engaged in the behavior even when already aroused, as though out of instinct. But there was no true biological function in kissing, he had learned, and so no point in doing it. Now he couldn’t imagine never being kissed again. It had been Sherlock’s idea, too. When he closed his eyes, John could still see in his mind’s eye what he had seen that night: Sherlock drawing nearer, the look in his eyes both desirous and nervous, and asking, “May I try something?” It was new for him, too, but he knew the Beta game. They both did. And clearly Sherlock had been wanting it to work between them. After all, they had been a couple for seven years. Surely that still meant something, even without the bond.
When he stepped into 221B, the curtains were already drawn closed, the lamps already lit, and the stool already set in the centre of the room. And with it, Sherlock.
And since his mistake, he and John had been tiptoeing around each other. John was back to wearing at least seven layers (okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but did he really have to button all the way to the chin?) and making life as bland as possible, what with his buttered toast and talk of weather and white-ass socks. God, Sherlock wanted to peel those socks off of him and chuck them out the window. He wanted to yank away that belt that cinched so securely around his waist and just loosen him up, for a change. Let the skin breathe. He hadn’t even got around yet to examining the feet or the legs, or the upper thighs. If only he’d been given the chance to go further . . .
“Yes, at King’s College, I presented a paper yesterday. But this is nothing to do with the conference. It’s merely coincidence that I am here this week.”
And here he came again, walking down the deserted pavement with hands balled at his sides and back rigid—John was angry, and his gait showed it. But then, he’d appeared angry in
“Of course he won’t. He knows this is my fight.” Sherlock sniffed. “He’d probably send me to his own dog fight, if it were Anthea, in his stead.”
From St. Margaret’s, it was a good thirty minutes to Baker Street on foot, but John was happy to walk. He needed the time to think. Besides, it wasn’t dangerous, this time of morning. The sun was just cresting in the East, and morning commuters were already busying the roads but not the pavement, so for the most part, he walked alone.
John quirked an eyebrow, eyes registering confusion, and he slowly took Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock didn’t let it linger. He dropped the stranger’s hand, straightened his back into an even more rigid rod, and glared down at the impostor in his friend’s chair.
“Mm,” Sherlock agreed. He continued kissing John’s neck. A hand began to rub his inner thigh, inching northward. “Very insightful.”
, puzzling through everything John had said and done, wading through all the paper and notes John had left on the table.
“Ah hell,” said Sherlock, once the giggles had subsided. “Whatever happens . . . Between those two? It’ll be an explosion.”
He hurried around the room, making sure that everything was in the exact same spot as before, even going so far as to disassemble Sherlock’s wall of tattoo photos, just in case it somehow interfered with the connection. He even put on the same clothes he had worn the night before, right down to the underwear. And then he stood facing the mirror, heart thumping, stomach writhing, and waited.
John had never been so tense at a crime scene. While Sherlock examined the weirdly contorted body in the mud, they kept making snarky, biting comments at one another until Lestrade finally intervened by threatening to send them home if they couldn’t play nice together.
Sherlock huffed a breath of incredulity. “A universe trying to set things in their proper order,” he said, “defies principles of entropy.”
John removed his hand and scooted back, but he lifted his lips to Sherlock’s once again, changing the rhythm from fevered want to slow-burning desire. “Softly.” He kissed. “Softly, my love.”
tactic at the forefront of his mind. But he was feeling impulsive, and angry. So he took advantage of Trevor being momentarily grounded with the wind knocked out of him, strode up to him, and kicked him hard in the side of the head.
of her surname. She was looking him over now, bashfully, from battered face to bandaged hand, and John gave her time to do it. He knew he was a sight, but
For the third time, she raised her hand and delivered a bone-shattering blow that knocked him from his chair and landed him on his back.
John didn’t have time to reflect on that. He barely remembered all he had said. He was like a volcano struggling not to erupt. But he had a more important task at hand now, and she was lying on her back in a hospital bed hooked up to IVs and monitors. The blankets were bunched to the side against the railing, exposing bare knees below the hem of a hospital gown, knees bent and pointing to the ceiling while a couple of pillows were stacked beneath her legs, elevating them and taking the pressure off her lower half. When she saw John approaching, she reached for the blanket and pulled a corner of it to her face, as though to hide.
“I haven’t stopped worrying about you for twenty-five days,” Sherlock grumbled, but he saw John to the bench, gave him one more critical once-over, and walked away.
Because right at that moment, the wooden chair slipped, and Sherlock, who had been balancing on it as he leveled the mirror on the wall above the mantel, leaped to avoid crashing to the floor. But the mirror wasn’t so lucky. Not yet stabilized, it pitched forward, and fell, as though in slow motion, but it was lost. Next second, it shattered against the hearth.
“You come from a world very similar to this one, yet clearly distinct. The people you knew there exist here, in one form or another. You even have a counterpart with the same name, like attributes, and similar personal relations, though due to environment and biological differences, certain deviations are naturally apparent.”
looked at him, and she seemed impressed with his question. “How would you . . . ? I mean, yes, in fact. It’s a sub-theory I’ve been playing with for some time, but I’ve not published a word of it yet. Metaphysical displacement, I call it.
She nodded, and momentarily dropped her face into the blanket to wipe at her tears. With the shield lowered a bit, her scent became a little stronger, but he could also sense the fear beginning to recede. And he noticed something else, something he couldn’t quite name or describe, but to say that something about her
