"We'll do our best to find Lancelot," John assured her, and she managed to smile at the two of them.
“Why don’t you hire a company to repair the Shack?” Sherlock asked Greg, a hand caressing John’s shin absentmindedly. “It’s not like you lack the finances. And it’d take off some work for Mrs Hudson too. She shouldn’t be straining herself too much in my opinion, she’s not getting any younger.”
Sherlock pouted. “Well, I’ve got to know what exactly will happen, don’t I? How else am I supposed to conduct an experiment?”
flower pot, this time orange with sunflower seeds, in the cart. John wanted to whine. But he was no child. No, he’s a lovesick fucking pining guy who is twenty-one and going crazy after not being to see his boyfriend for half an hour.
They both stared at it in horror, frozen in place, Sherlock’s hand placed on John’s right shoulder, the other grabbing on his light blue shirt sleeve.
“We’re not done here, Holmes,” Wilkes hissed as he backtracked into the safety of the gym. Sherlock watched him with an amused wrinkle of his forehead. The insult he used was new, but not the worst one.
“He’s also studying in Toronto, you know,” Mummy had said, and he could hear the smile that was threatening to break out on the other side of the line. “Maybe you’ll become friends and then you can study together sometimes.”
However, Sherlock’s skittishness hadn’t gone completely unnoticed. John certainly didn’t push, but the moment he saw his reflection waving at him fervently from the dark screen of someone’s phone case, the doubts fired anew.
“Mock all you want, brother-dear,” she said, flipping her hair in his face as she did a pirouette over to a stack of magazines on the counter. Kate showed her the aforementioned puppy, both girls fawning over it. Then she came out of her reverie. “But I’ve got a good feeling for this summer. Actually, my sixth sense is telling me that the woman of my dreams may be coming in this very moment through that door!”
Magnussen reached into a drawer to take out a bunch of files. He tossed two Seb’s way and he fanned through them. One file contained information about an old property on the edge of town, long abandoned, worn-out, and ruined from the lack of upkeep. Nothing spectacular, if they can track an owner it won’t be hard to buy them out, if not, then the access and acquisition will be even easier.
Sooner than their nemesis could act on any of his thoughts and plans, though, Irene screamed, scrambling to her feet and drifting aside from the chocolate statue of Alexander Hirsch. “Ew! Why is everything alive?” His toes curled, the choco mixture melted where Irene’s palm rested for balance minutes ago.
Sherlock gulped, and heat filled his eyes. How does he break this to John? No, he has to keep it together for a while longer. Rosie may still be at the mall. The sooner John knows, the better, and sod whatever happens after. Sherlock will take the scolding. And he’ll also personally beat the kidnapper with one of those atrocious candy canes that stick around the fat man Santa Claus while he’s at it. Holiday spirit and all that.
“Let me see it, you dork,” he said, walking up to Sherlock, who sighed and let his head hang down, semi-dried puffy curls still sticking to the nape of his neck.
Harry huffed a hollow laugh, ducking his head to look at his shoes. “Yeah, same. We’re not supposed to know or get help from the teachers, but since Maxime and Karkaroff don’t care about playing clear….”
John watched Sherlock flush harder, his head ducking to try and cover it. “I’m sorry,” he mouthed quietly. “I didn’t mean to unsettle you.
Irene looked around, finding no trace of their canine friends. Sherlock’s face became an open book of expressions: blankness, panic, dear, confusion….
“Oh, you can’t imagine,” Sherlock said, half groaning. Everyone turned to him. That was probably for the best. If the rest succumbed to hysteria, it could make matters worse. He had to think of a plan. But first: data.
“No.” The word could cut, she was sure of it when he clipped it like that. He grabbed his towel, pyjamas, and comb, shuffling back downstairs by a level to have a shower. This wasn’t the time to make witty comments.
there's my potterlock fic which is a crossover and I got 3 chapters prewritten but it's been on hold for so long I just *hate* that I'm so slow, even though I am aware that the system I invented is better but it takes looong, the chapters are like, 20k long to cover a lot and go into lore detail, plus I want to find a beta when I'm done pre-writing at least two more chapters for the sake of keeping it continous and to have a second opinion but yeeeeeee it's a bit overwhelming that's what I'm trying to say and I'm a mess thinking about it
His cheek was pillowed on John’s chest, rising and falling steadily as fingers massaged Sherlock’s scalp, threading through the thick curls at a rhythm that had Sherlock purring. To say that his mind had shut off would be an understatement. Touching John on this level was… cathartic? Yes, sure. Certainly freeing in ways that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to conjure up on his own without first-hand experience.
“You would’ve been able to sleep if you didn’t have coffee instead of blood flowing through your veins,” John sniffed, his nose twitching. Sherlock and Kate were similarly invested in the family feud in front of them, and Irene felt like they were watching a court TV show.
"Seems like our first official case is behind us," John joked as he sat down on the Hogwarts Express.
is superb, but what’s up with the commercials? Hoof Polisher? What’s next, a Nicolas Cage Barbie doll?”
“No, thanks. Those things’ll kill you, you know,” he wrinkled his nose at the smoke she exhaled through her nostrils.
Christ almighty. Shock and adrenaline still present in her bloodstream, Irene tracked her way back onto the field path. The round surface of the pearl she pocketed before the mill fell felt smooth on the pads of her fingers. She stopped. Should she crush this one too? Huh. She had no way of knowing where Mary got this. Did she have a journal like they did? If yes, that foretold problems. For a while, she debated whether she should tell Sherlock and John about this encounter, but decided against it. John had enough stress already, she needn’t add to it. It could marr her matchmaking plans, and that wouldn’t happen on her watch when they were
“We were thinking that we could make Greg a birthday gift. I know he said he hates to celebrate it, but if we gave him a handmade gift from the heart, I think we’ll be successful and get him to like it just this once. We can leave it with Mrs Hudson for safekeeping when we leave for university and she’ll give it to Greg as a surprise. What do you think?”
“Yeah, I know. Thing is, the curse binds me to the REAL me. It’s a complicated deed, but that’s the jist of it. I still know what’s going on as if I were my fleshed-out meaty self.”
“We can go buy Mrs Hudson that watch she mentioned,” John said, nodding in the store’s general direction. He side-stepped to let two children run by, crossing his arms. “After that, I suggest we go buy your parents something as well.”
“Sure, wanna see the love bite she gave me?” Irene said enthusiastically at Sherlock’s horrified expression when she tilted her head for him to see the red mark on her skin where blood was drawn to the surface to form a bruise. “Just kidding, that was an accident with that portable vacuum cleaner Mrs Hudson uses for the golf cart. That was fun.”
Gabriel sat next to him, feet up on a coffee table that John was certain wasn’t there three seconds ago. There was a big plasma TV hung up on a blank wall opposite, the program playing random advertisements on barfing powder extracted from real fairies at a reasonable price.
Greg walked over to Dimmock’s self constructed minibar inside his house and proceeded to grab a bite of leftover red velvet cake that was in the fridge. He
“It’s yellow,” Sherlock hummed, swiping the phone screen. He sniffed at the newly retrieved stuffing. “And old. Stale like those moth balls, perhaps. I haven’t noticed this before - it’s also on the picture you took up close, of the wound.”
“What about you, Mr Watson? Hm. Oh, yes. I horseshoe, that’s a good omen. You’ll be lucky in choosing your lifetime partner. Now, let’s move on with the class!”
John clung to Sherlock, the wind getting stronger and stronger, his feet slipping. Their bodies were too small and thin to resist this, and they were both blown back to the start of the passage,landing on their butt's for soft landing. By some miracle they were unharmed.
“How are you, Dean?” he asked his friend, and John lowered the volume on the TV. Grace grumbled and lifted her head to see what’s up, and Redbeard went to greet the newcomer.
“Our dad had a journal,” Sam explained, receiving a tight hug from her -- she reached his ribs. “And on one page we saw your name. We went through the town at the beginning of July and we had a plan to return and look you up, see if you’d want to talk.”
“The room next to the museum? It’s the biggest one on the first floor.” She began to tie her long black hair into a complicated, yet classy bun. “I even made a new Pinterest board to know what kind of decoration will fit.”
“Ah, that’s why you’re here. Sure, let’s go. I had an eventful day, I think I deserve some rest and leftover pie.”
“How about we do a big entrance?” he suggested, puffing up his chest like a proud peacock. He kept glancing over at Kate and Sarah, outstretching his arm to push the doors open. “Hey! Cullens! Time to die --”
“Everything alright, Dean?” Sammy asked, looking the boys up and down. His demeanor was nicer than Dean’s.
He started explaining his first offensive - enchanted badges that would display who the real Hogwarts champion was. People seemed to like the idea, and he was very content with it. Right, that will show that Gryffindor idiot where his place is.
"Uhm, maybe? Who are you?" he whispered the words, eyes narrowed down on the floor. He didn't want to look even more ridiculous.
“Gloria was the only ghost documented in the journal. There are several techniques that describe how to get rid of a deceased soul, but I’d like to compare it with your practical knowledge.” Sherlock grabbed the journal and pen, sat back on the sofa and opened a blank page. “So tell me, Dean -- what’s the hunter’s way?”
He kicked his brain into starting basic functions and grabbed the journal as not to leave it lying there like a bait, tucking it under his shirt vest in a not very inconspicuous manner. “Thanks, sorry, I have to go or Mrs Hudson will give me the eyebrow of disappointment! Catch you later!”
“Quite,” Sherlock quipped, his silvery gaze scanning the painting already, a forefinger tapping against his chin. “We were in search of another room, but were unsuccessful.”
Sherlock sat up, hands on hips as he regarded John with an inscrutable expression of a very serious chemist who got interrupted conducting a Very Serious™ experiment. “John Watson,” Sherlock declared in his most British voice, “will you, oh my dearest of Canadians, allow me to conduct an experiment in sensuality on you?”
Sherlock turned it between his fingers meticulously. Then, a small particle of visibly different colour caught his eyes. He plucked it free from OG’s own stuffing. He unlocked Irene’s phone again and found a picture to his liking. She had no strength left to protest.
Sam rubbed at his eyes and opened them again revealed…. nothing. Except for the absence of Marina and Cas and Dean standing alone on the water. The quarry fell eerily silent compared to ten seconds ago.
“And you’re gorgeous and beautiful and worthy of sharing the lascivious praise these fabled creatures attained,” John grinned, relishing the blush on Sherlock’s cheeks. “If you were a merman, would you be called Merlock?”
John smiled, walking backwards in the direction where they came from, Irene following him. Ugh, she hated walking uphill. At least her thighs would get some exercise. “I’d rather you are a hobbit and healthy than a moose with a streak of health problems.”
,” Sherlock said distastefully. His huff of annoyance was interrupted by John’s laugh. The tingly laugh that made his stomach somersault and flutter. Damnit. Why was he so….
“Come on John!” Harry urged him, grasping a metal rail on the outside of the carriage. She propped the door open, grabbing John’s sleeve and practically dragging him inside. “I told him we were supposed to leave earlier than that!”
“John, let’s not repeat ourselves much. I told you, it’s no problem to pay for it from my trust fund. Really. So go give them to Cas. It’s fifty dollars, with the trousers it comes up to a hundred. That’s hardly a scratch on my finances.”
“Yeah, sad life I have, huh?” the mirror said, giving him a lopsided smile. “Now, give me a highfive you madlad!”
“You sure?” Kate arched a perfect eyebrow. Jake nodded, wiggling his butt as he waited for them to wriggle out of the bush. “Okay. I’ve seen crazier shit during scout camps. But if you shake us off, I won’t call you a good boy.”
Will winced. “Yeah, same as Poki over there and the Hulk.” He gestured to his companions, both of which were reading Good Omens together. “Jake, where did you find them?”
Settling on a plan, she messaged Adler’s instagram account. She will deal with her first thing tomorrow. In the grand scheme of things, Adler was a useless casualty, John would not miss her. Mary even less so. And if the girl thought she could steal John from her, she was dead wrong. And they knew each other for how long, two weeks? Mary knew John for years. Adler is
“Don’t bother. You won’t be successful. John and I are friends, nothing more. And it will stay like it, because at the end of August, we part ways. And then we likely won’t see each other ever again. It would be illogical to start anything for a few weeks.”
“I haven’t,” he said slowly. He squinted at Sherlock in particular, a frown creasing his brows. “This is concerning. I can see three of your auras, but not Sam’s.”
“She has a Quill that writes utter nonsense,” Blake told him, resting his head on the wall. He regretted ever speaking in that woman’s presence. “Be careful what you tell her.”
“We should probably head back,” John breathed, lips wet, and not only from the water pouring down. The happiness that soared through him was enough to warm him up despite the increasing wind and rain. His shirt was getting soaked through. A lightning illuminated the sky for a brief second, thunder following suit, if with a little delay.
“Nah, it ain’t.” Dean looked up above in the darkness and frowned. His fingers were twirling around a bracelet on his left arm. He sounded defeated when he said, “This is nuts. I’m fucking bored.”
“I don’t know,” John shrugged. He didn’t get that far with planning his mission to find out the nature of Sherlock’s feelings. “I want to make sure he feels the same way.”
“Don’t you have his number? Or email?” Sherlock asked, pulling off his own hoodie. Irene didn’t seem to be affected by the heat the road radiated.
He loved many things about Sherlock. His eyes, his smile, his curly hair, his damn everything, but his personality won above it all. He was funny, witty, sharp, and so unapologetically himself that John couldn’t figure how it took them so long to get here. Okay, someone could say that it’s an ordinary summer romance, but he knew it was different, however naive it might sound. Being with Sherlock, by his side and as his boyfriend, John was fulfilled and happy. And he was in for the long haul, if Sherlock is too. He had a feeling that they were, and thank God that they studied in the same city.
“Castiel explained that because John’s aura is golden-yellow and his symbol is a bee, that makes him affiliated to Heaven. Bees were apparently God’s warriors and seeing as John is, seemingly, connected to them, it makes him trustworthy to angels. He trusts him fully, and so do I, but I don’t need bees for that.”
The effect was immediate and the book flew across the restricted section with such force a page fell out, but the book slurped it up as it regained consciousness and prepared to attack again.
“Didn’t want to go to the dentist to have it removed, so he punched me in the face and then we wagered. He said he has a legal right to it, I said bullshit, and then we got drunk, like you do at twenty years old, and lost a bowling match to Bobby Singer,” Greg explained, but it did nothing as such for Sherlock. John knew that story.
Sherlock cleared his throat dramatically. “Uhm…. Alright, well, it’s regarding… John…” Irene remained silent, giving him the space to work through his emotional constipation. “Today I was… what’s the word -- jealous? Yes, I think that fits. We watched the
“We’re lucky,” John smiled at Sherlock, and then glanced at the vast hall that was uncovered before them at once. “I don’t think any of us would fancy exploring this building like we’re in Outlast.”
"The champion for Durmstrang," Dumbledore read clearly, the now-again blue flames restored in the Goblet, "is Viktor Krum."
“You’re welcome,” they both said in unison, making Lestrade smile at them. Sherlock tipped his head to the side a little, near John’s shoulder.
“I can’t believe you’re not ticklish,” he murmured, his voice vibrating through John’s rib cage since he rested his head there now. John fought hard not to grin, his jaw setting, teeth pressing together painfully from the sheer effort. “Unfair. Honestly, John.” Next, Sherlock poked his stomach. “Wake up. Please. I’m beyond bored at this point.” John held it together. Sherlock heaved a dramatic sigh. “You’re being tedious.
“How does it work?” Sherlock walked over to John’s radio, prodding a button that opened a cartridge with the cassette. He put it against the light, observing it with keen interest. Greg walked over to him and joined him. They looked comical, and John noticed that Greg was slightly taller than Sherlock. Oh, what an ammunition he had for when Sherlock angered him next….
Sherlock, to his great dislike, found himself being hurdled towards Donovan. He really did not need social interaction with new people this early in the day. The woman seemed to know John and greeted him, and then Sherlock saw his reflection in her shades as she undoubtedly looked him over.
“I’m doing great!” she proclaimed, her white teeth shining as she flashed Irene a smile. “I got to meet my childhood best friend and she asked me to be her girlfriend.”
At first he was nervous they’d deem it weird as he did with wizard music, but it had been a success. The album with Ziggy Stardust was well-liked by both Greg and Sherlock, although Greg shot him odd glances at certain guitar solos. Sherlock, however, lay on his back, fingers steepled under his chin, eyes closed and listening for the duration of each song.
John looked at Sherlock, who remained I different throughout the whole conversation. He met John's eyes and nodded.
“Fascinating,” Sherlock said sarcastically, minding the invisible step on the stairs. John flicked him on the ear, a look of disapproval on his face. Sherlock didn’t understand why and cocked an eyebrow in silent inquiry. “What?”
“As if I care,” Sherlock retorted, rolling his eyes. He watched an ad about dish soap claiming it removed one-hundred percent of bacterias, but how it got from cleaning dirty dishes to filthy hands, he didn’t register. He’ll return to London with his IQ diminished, he was sure of that. Bloody America.
“Preach,” John cheered, his enthusiasm abated undoubtedly due to recalling a few incidents. The shiver he shook off confirmed it.
“I can, but it would prove rather counterproductive,” Cas said, considering it. “I think it would draw unwarranted attention to me.”
As Irene ushered Cas downstairs, John threw a pair of yellow shorts with floral pattern  at Sherlock, telling him to go change now. “Or would you rather change behind the car at the quarry?” John challenged his raised eyebrows. That convinced him to speed up.
“Shit, that’s a lost cause,” John chuckled and he kept wiping the fabric, his laughter growing with every new smear that appeared. He stopped when Sherlock took the dirty napkin away from him. His face was blank and unreadable. For a brief moment he thought Sherlock was angry with him (and understandably so) until….
“I hate to repeat myself,” Sherlock parroted, feeling enamoured and flattered by the fact that John paid enough attention to try deducing
“Oh, this isn’t Sherlock’s doing,” John waved a hand, putting the journal back into the backpack’s safety and throwing it over his right shoulder. “This is me acting as Justice. And if we prove that Janine’s life as she knows it is a fraud, then who’s the silly person, then?”
Thank you all for the 28 kudos and 8!! bookmarks since the last chapter was published, I appreciate it all very much :) we can also be friends via comments, ya know ;D *shameless*
“By the way,” Irene leaned closer conspiratorially. “What do you think of the boys going on a date?”
“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking. But damn, this is weird. I joked with Kate that what if we are in some fictional universe or worse, a fanfiction? We might have jinxed it.”
Harry woke up the next day before Ron and Hermione. Kreacher hasn't returned yet, which was a little discouraging and anxiety-inducing… But House Elves had proved to be quite resilient, at least Dobby did.
Sherlock reached for the uppermost shelf and grabbed a golden jar full of the delicious bee product. Didn’t look bad per se, for a Tesco brand. Oooh, it was actually imported? Neat. Hm, but not really worth purchasing. He’ll much rather support local beekeepers. He put the jar back in its previous place and looked over the shelves one last time. He and Rosie better go catch up with John, not keep him waiting for long.
With mysteries to solve in hand, he and Irene set out to get to the roots of the town, and the abrupt disappearance of the author of the journal. But they’re not alone - John Watson, quite the handsome nephew of the Mystery Shack owner Greg Lestrade, is on their side to help out, plus mess with Sherlock’s feelings, in a good way. Shenanigans, romance, fun, danger, and deductions ensue in the wake of a mysterious M club on the rise for which Mary Morstan and Sebastian Moran work.
It took all his strength and some of his blood magic to pacify the rabid dog the size of a motorbike. But Seb wasn’t one to bow down and fear a stupid dog on steroids hungry for blood, no. By the end of the day, the dog will fear its own breath, and obey Seb to the T. It appeared that some contact or another wanted to repay him for his kind help eradicating a vampire nest in the East months prior, but hellhounds? The sheer stupidity astonished him.
“I sketched out the kitchen behind you, but I want the painting to have rough edges, nothing that stretches all over the canvas,” John said, shrugging. He held his brush between fingers of his left hand as though it were a cigarette. Then, he turned his head slightly, his lips next to Sherlock’s ear. “What do you think?”
“Right, what now, Mr Ghostbuster?” Dean said and Sherlock walked to the left. Gloria kept on summoning her victims, apparently oblivious to them moving. Instead, she fixated on sending wave after wave of the undead after Sam and John.
Sherlock ignored her and focused on the phone at hand. John peered over his shoulder. He typed in Irene’s birthday. The pin or password consisted of four digits or four letters. Denied. He typed in her father’s birth date. Denied. He tried Mummy’s. No luck. The phone gave him a cooldown of five minutes.
Sherlock, sensing he wouldn’t get away with this, sat down on the edge of the bathtub and let John step into his personal space. He sucked in a breath when John’s fingertips brushed his reddened side, so John made a mental note to keep the touch light and gentle, ignoring the rush of blood he felt in his veins.
“Sherlock,” she said firmly to shake off the odd sense of time, her step-brother refusing to meet her steady gaze. “Let’s get this straight, because neither of us is -- you have feelings for John that you FINALLY admitted to…”
“It appears so. I can feel my grace and it keeps me in my form. Also… Jimmy is gone. This body isn’t really a vessel anymore. I’m the only one residing in it.”
“Of course, but sit down, boys,” Mrs Hudson smiled, her eyes glassy. Sherlock and Irene were curiously watching this play out, and John stood nearby with his arms crossed. Mrs Hudson was looking them over, her gaze soft and loving, even though they were practically strangers. “I was your mother’s aunt, Deana’s sister. The last time I’ve seen Mary was just after Sam was born. It was a very long time ago, I was already living in Florida with my vile ex-husband, hence the name Hudson and not Campbell -- he’s dead now, don’t worry, I danced on his grave this week -- but I managed to get a peek at you two and my, how you’ve grown!”
Not one to retreat without a fight, Sherlock stubbornly ignored John’s advice in spite of his legs jiggling like a sea cucumber and pushed himself off the bed…  and almost face-planted the floor, weren’t it for John jumping to his rescue immediately. Sherlock’s legs, as expected, gave out, and he would have toppled them over if John weren’t strong enough to support both of them.
“Irene’s is blood-red like her unwithering rose and yours is purple, like that talking mirror had suggested. John’s stayed the same, golden-yellow. Sam has none to speak of, but that can be either because he’s an abomination by Heaven’s standards or because the origin of this is out of this world, which would confirm my suspicion.”
So turns out quarantine is good for writing. The mood hit hard and I have the rest of the fic outlined and partially written. I hope i'll be able to finish this soon. Please be gentle as its been a while since I wrote and i'm getting into the swing of things again.
Sherlock crumpled the letter tight in his hand. How, how could John think that this was a good idea? How could he think that Sherlock would want him to kill himself? “Oh John. I am so sorry.”
"I knew it was you the moment I shot the cabbie. I was just worried that you would never want me. A used up broken army doctor."
“Sherlock! Keep going.” John replied. That was where he made his fatal mistake. The leader of the little gang that they were chasing realized that in order to get out alive and free that he would have to create a distraction and that wonderful distraction was John. Without really aiming the tall man pulled his gun and started to wildly shoot behind him. Sherlock slowed his pace to allow his blogger to catch up to him and to give the leader the appearance of being in control.
Fuck no time for this! Get to John, get to John. Where the hell did he go? Just up ahead, the water is red. It must be John. Lestrade pushed himself harder to catch John. He grasped his limp unconscious body, around the chest and swam up, breaking the surface. He hungrily sucked in lung full after lung full of air pulling John's slack body against his as he swam for the shore line which thankfully had EMT's standing by.
“Molly, are you going to be ok here?” She looked up at me a question in her eyes, a look like no one has ever bothered to ask her such a basic question.
"Agreed. She, John, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson were the original targets so it makes sense that the bastard is going to go after them now. What do you think John?"
I’m finally allowed moments to myself. It’s nice to be able to see you again. Everywhere that I am alone, I see you. I see your face. No matter when I look. It makes me happy. That is until I am forced to be with people again. When I am with people your face goes away. I feel like I am cracking Sherlock. Please come back, I don’t think I can handle much more.
The two men stared at one another for a full heated moment before Lestrade nodded his head in ascent.
John brought Sherlock’s face down again to kiss him deeply, arousal pooling deep in his belly. Sherlock pulled the two of them together holding tightly, pressing their straining erections together. A deep moan was pulled from both men.
The drug dealers we had been watching turned violent these last few weeks, bodies had started to turn up and they started to get sloppy. It took Sherlock two hours to predict where they were going to strike next, and for him to dart off like a bat out of hell.
John leaned down and trailed hot open mouth kisses up his long lanky legs, alternating between each leg, slowly making his way up. Sherlock was a quivering mess, desperate for release. John licked a hot stripe up the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, careful to not touch the straining erection before him. Sherlock nudged his hips up towards John silently begging. John smiled, and leaned down and took Sherlock in his hand giving a gentle stroke from base to tip, before slowly taking the head in his hot wet mouth.
"Apparently not. It seems that we've missed something huge. Either way this is a government case now."
Sherlock’s voice broke the heavy silence. Anthea gently placed her hand on Mrs. Hudson's shoulder and led her and Molly out of the room. No doubt she would tell them. The doctor finished dressing Sherlock’s wound and excused himself from the room.
Mycroft sighed, “Either way you are to behave yourselves. Sherlock I will do my best to not impede your investigation but you will be protected.”
Sherlock dragged John's face back up, pressing a searing kiss to his lips. John sighed in contentment, allowing Sherlock access when his lounge pressed against his lip. Sherlock licked all around the inside of John’s mouth tasting his unique flavor.
"Thank you Mycroft. I have one more favor to ask of you. Will you please let us go home? Back to Baker st?"
John slid out of the car, but before Sherlock could make it out, Mycroft held Sherlock back. “John I would like one moment with my brother. Don’t worry the car will not move a single inch.”
Sherlock smirked, “Of course there’s a leak on your side. I have three people who it might be but so far I have no solid evidence on which it is.”
Mycroft looked to both of them, a searching gaze before he held out his hand and shook with his brother. "Agreed."
“HOW COULD HE!? HOW DID HE, WHAT THE HELL WAS HE THINKING? OR WAS HE THINKING?! OH NO THE GREAT SHERLOCK HOLMES HAS TO DO EVERYTHING HIMSELF. WHAT THE HELL?!” She was panting and fuming when she was done with her rant, God that look of adorable fury on her face, just like a tiny kitten who thinks she's a killer panther.
It was never supposed to be like that, it was an easy mission. They were supposed to be peaceful they were supposed to want to be in the federation. They attacked instead. Kirk and Uhura were injured, the five security guards that were there to protect them gave their lives.
John felt Sherlock relax into his chest the tension draining out of him, his scent reverting to post coitus omega in heat.
Mycroft started to shake the moment that his brother was gone, “You’re going to be the death of the both of you my dear brother.”
Sherlock pressed up to John seeking the comfort of his chosen Alpha, his erection growing as his scent mixed in with the Alphas creating the most intoxicating concoction, grateful that the cab was sealed so that their scent wouldn't reach the driver, a beta.
John shot a look of panic at Sherlock questioning if he should argue, but Sherlock just turned to face his brother. “Don’t worry John I will be right there.”
They were escorted in by Emerson and a female partner. “We’ll be in 221A if you need anything sir’s. two more agents will be posted in 221C tomorrow morning when Mycroft selects them.”
Those two idiots! If only they had just waited! The two of them were on the ground, bleeding out and the kid was standing there shaking.
“And you can guarantee with your life that nothing bad will happen? That nothing will happen to him?”
"He received over a hundred stitches along his chest and neck, and is getting a pint of blood but he will be fine. He will make a full recovery."
"You are to get straight to the Hospital to check on John or send Anthea, and I want a full update on those men by the time that I am released."
Taylor Johnson was running hard and fast down the back alleyways, two men were chasing him down, they knew. Knew of all the people that he had killed and they were going to try to take him down. Fuck that, I can't be taken down!
I struggled to comprehend what he said through the pain and blood loss but it did me no good, my mind was fogging over.
"Delicious as well." John leaned down and gently ran his tongue along Sherlock’s opening lapping up the juices there. Sherlock let out a deep wet moan of pleasure as John delved his tongue into Sherlock’s gaping wet hole. He licked deep enjoying the lubrication that flowed out of his wanting panting omega.
Mycroft has me on constant watch now. I am never alone anymore. It was comforting at first but now it’s a pain. I would rather be alone. They won’t let me think about you. Every time I start to think they interrupt me. They won’t let me think they won’t let me be. I want to be with you. I want to be with you forever. Please come back to me.
They want to put me back into the hospital. It took me forever to get away from them. I will have to write an apology to Greg, I’m sure that the broken nose I left him with hurts. I wonder if it will hurt to die.  You see my Sherlock I’ve decided that I want to go to you. If I timed it right I should be able to put this letter in your box before I pass out and I should be with you before anyone else manages to figure out where I am. Please wait for me Sherlock.
Sherlock, I love you. I push myself forward over the edge. The air feels icy screaming past me, pulling me down to my death. To my Sherlock. To my fantasy.
“Yes, I have to set up base and besides it’s our home.” Sadness crept into Sherlock’s voice, etching in with longing for the past.
Sherlock walked around the little house closing blinds on every window he could find, noticing that each one had an agent positioned outside of it, guns pointing at him, silently ordering him out. He just smiled wide at each one. When he made it to the bedroom the one and only window had four agents pointing guns at him. Each ordering him to come out silently. Sherlock reached above the window to draw the blackout curtains over their angry faces.
“FN-2111 why are you hovering? Do you perhaps want a taste of my lightsaber?” Kylo spat out at me. I cringed internally at the pure hatred that was all too clear though the modulation.
“Don’t suppose you called Lestrade did you?” John spit out as he caught up with Sherlock still chasing after the murderers.
John looked Sherlock full in the face, searching, processing that the man he had pined after was standing in his room asking him to keep quiet or he would be gone again. He shook his head yes that he understood the situation. Sherlock smiled at his friend, a genuine smile of true happiness that he saw reflected back in Johns face.
Sherlock and John dodged a few more bullets before the leader got truly pissed and came to a full stop and took proper aim. Sherlock noticed immediately and  went to push his John out of the way. John however was quicker and immediately knew what Sherlock was about to do. John was able to shove Sherlock to the ground taking the bullet to his chest that had been at the perfect height to pierce Sherlock's heart, instead taking the bullet into his own lungs. The pain blinded John and made him black out as he hit the ground. Sherlock rolled as soon as he hit the ground and immediately sees John on the ground wheezing attempting to drag in breaths.
The two men joined Emmerson and the woman who was there the previous night. Tea awaited them at their usual chairs.
“I’m fine. The other one got away. Fucking Anderson. Good job by the way. Too bad you left him breathing.”
“I come to visit my little brothers grave every once in a while. Mostly though I come to get John and take him home.”
Mycroft and his team screeched to a halt just as Lestrade and Donovan jumped out of their car running towards the bridge.
“Well what would you have me do? Let him die just for being my one and only friend?” Sherlock asked acidly. “You know I can’t let him know yet. You know just as well as I do that there are still two agents still out there that would kill him on sight if it became common knowledge that I was still alive.”
“You know I used to be so in love with Sherlock, he was so smart, so beautiful, so aloof. I thought he was meant for me and me alone. But then John showed up and I can honestly say I've never seen anyone so perfect for each other. They really do belong together.”
He didn't speak just raised the gun a little further, I didn't give him a chance, I just shot him in the hand forcing him to drop the gun. I ran over and kicked the gun away and was getting ready to cuff him when he pulled a knife he had hidden in his sleeve. The first slash was to my upper chest slicing into the skin at the base of my neck. Taylor ran, but there was no where for him to go but into the arms of the other officers. Blood started to pour as I gripped at the wound. I fell back to the pavement breathing deep, praying to not bleed out, I looked around me and saw Sherlock slightly convulsing form and John's still form. It was obvious to me that John was already dead. I looked up to the nearest CCTV camera and mouthed one word before my world went black, Mycroft.
Mycroft nodded, turned and walked out of the room leaving Sherlock and John to spend more time together.
"Move please." Sherlock begged. John didn't need to be asked twice as he pulled out to the tip before diving back in setting up a brutal punishing rhythm. "Harder!" Screamed Sherlock. John slammed into him, the room filled with the squishy sound of wet flesh smacking together, pants and moans filled the air.
It turns out that your brother is far cleaver than I gave him credit for, and far cleaver than Lestrade. He managed to find out exactly where I was before I had the chance to die. He saved my life again. He finally freed me from the hospital again. I am being forced to go to therapy each and every day. It’s irritating. I hate this. I just want you back. I want to hear you shooting the walls, playing your violin at three in the morning.
"I want to also apologize about Moran getting as close to Baker street as he did without us capturing him. He has managed to ease himself off the radar. He has already sent two people to follow Miss Hooper and D.I. Lestrade. As you know Miss Hooper is on her way to my estate to stay with Anthea, and D.I. Lestrade is being tailed by my men on the force. He will be collected later and brought back to my estate where I would prefer you both to be. However, I am willing to respect your wishes to stay here."
I knew it would be just a few minutes before Mycroft or his goons would be here to forcibly take me. I stood and walked back the way I came, turning left and right, I managed to loose myself in all the backalys.
Sherlock ran as fast as he could his whole thought process consumed with faster faster faster! He dutifully ignored the heat rolling in waves off his oversensitzed itchy skin, the lubrication starting to form in his arse, and the overwhelming stench of the wrong Alpha chasing him. The man in front of him hit a dead end just as Sherlock pulled Johns gun and pointed it at him.
Sherlock stood and started to pace, "Honestly brother, you think Moran will be stupid enough to comment?"
Lestrade huffed out a deep sigh, "Then his men will take him to be treated. That's why they recalled the attack."
John stilled as he bottomed out, "Feel so full. Feels amazing. It's like I’ve been missing something all this time. God you're so huge." mumbled Sherlock as he pushed back tightening his muscles against Johns cock. "Yes that’s my good little omega."
Once they were properly dressed Sherlock leaned down to press another kiss softly to Johns swollen lips.
"Ugh, I should have killed him. Attacking you like that and letting that man get away. At least Lestrade and I got the other guy. And hopefully Lestrade will kick his arse."
“Of course you are.” John spat out as he dodged a new hail of bullets while silently thanking his lucky stars that Mycroft had essentially placed him and Sherlock on permanent watch.
I nodded my ascent and followed her to the other side of the ICU where my beloved was stitched up and receiving a transfusion. He was unconscious but his vitals looked good.
“You will never lay another finger on him, you pig.” John growled out deep in anger. Sherlock lay on the ground frozen in shock at the possessive display.
"Exactly. We’re not sure of whom the backup is but were positive they know by now that they are needed."
Sherlock looked to John with a huge smile that was mirrored on the other mans face. Clutching at John's hand he pulled him from the edge of the bed; "Well my dear friend shall we go home?"
John projected soothing emotions forcing his scent to switch to protector rather than enraged, to calm down his stressed omega.
Getting impatient John ripped the last few buttons off. Sherlock sighed contentedly as John pulled the offending garment off his shoulders popping the wrist cuffs off and letting it slide to the floor relishing the feeling of the cool air on his over sensitized skin.
I slammed the kid hard into the wall, and launched punches at his midriff. I wasn't focused on the gun still in his hand. The first shot missed me; the second shot hit me right in the stomach doubling me over. The Third shot caught me in the hip. I could now understand what John went through, the pain, the shock. My body was shutting down, my mind folding under the strain. My last thoughts were centered on John though. Please God let him live.
John lunged at Anderson grasping his upper arms, his teeth bared menacingly as he slammed Anderson into the wall relishing the way his head smacked hard. Anderson growled at John, kicking him in the leg, trying to bring him down. John absorbed the blow, enraged he punched Anderson hard in the face, smiling at the sound of his nose breaking.
He rolled from underneath me effectively dumping me on the ground. I watched as he stood and used the force to summon both of the rebels to his location. He used his mind control powers to force out the information before spearing both of the rebels, their bodies hitting the ground with a dull thunk. The clearing was dead quiet with the exception of my labored breath as everyone was assessing the situation and scouting out threats.
"FREEZE!" Lestrade shouted, gun pointed at the preps. The tall man said something to John then turned his head and smiled before shoving John over.
Of course. No wonder Mycroft was so upset. "I'm guessing that they have backup people incase this lot failed."
“Fine Mycroft. Fine. But just know that I have the power to call an end to all your conditions if I feel that it is impeding my work.”
Molly snorted about that; “We can only wish. Unfortunately they may both be insanely smart but they are so damn dumb at the same time.” We broke out in soft laughter together.
"No, once you start to go all the pain fades. You just feel warm and relaxed." John's voice was soft and sincere.
“Sherlock, listen to me we need to get you home before the rest of London’s alpha population tries to jump you. You smell too good for your own good.”
“Honestly John it’s not like I wanted to be an omega! Having the foolish population constantly trying to get in my pants, it’s downright annoying!”
It was all I could do to stay dead, but Moriartys threat still hung over my head, so I stayed dead. A year and a half after my death is when it finally happened. I knew what he was thinking and I couldn't find a way to alert someone to the danger that was fast approaching.
Sherlock couldn't contain it; he let out a deep belly laugh, which caused John to start laughing as well. "You don't look so good yourself."
"Gentlemen this will only take a few minutes. My name is Abigail Nightly. I am stationed down in 221C and charged with monitoring the flat for you. You already know Emmerson, Doctor Watson. Mr. Holmes this is Lloyd Emmerson, he is in 221A, and will be your personal security guard. Mr. Holmes Senior is selecting two more people to join us as we speak."
Once they reached the top of the stairs John grabbed Sherlock by the shoulders and pushed him into the wall of the flat. "John please." Sherlock managed to whimper as John leaned forward pressing his hot mouth to the taller omegas willing one sealing in the low whine. The kiss was hot and passionate, feelings of love and excitement pulsed through it.
I might go back and make some minor edits later, nothing big! Though if you see anything that needs to be changed let me know!
"No. John's sniper a Colonel Sebastian Moran was Moriartys right hand man and he escaped me, outside of Paris last week. I chased him back here to London where we got in a bit of an altercation this morning. Obviously he got two lucky swings in."
John looked Sherlock up and down, ignoring the gathering scent in the air, formulating his words as he took Sherlock’s hand in his running his fingers up and down the palm leaving fire in his wake.
I jumped up from the desk and ran out to the car waiting for me. My driver got me to the hospital in record time. As soon as I arrived I was taken to the ICU where both Sherlock and Lestrade were being held. A doctor came right up to me and led me over to Sherlock’s bedside.
"Sherlock, too much, I need to be inside of you, now." John panted releasing the heady scent of sex.
“I took him to my estate in the country and let him stay. It took a full medical team over two months to evaluate him and get him back to normal.”
Sherlock let out a deep moan from his chest, "Christ." John smiled around Sherlock’s shaft and slowly started to bob his head up and down sucking him in throat deep; he swallowed around the engorged prick, savoring the taste of his pre-cum.
Even Mary didn't see it coming, the woman who had done the most for John. Kept him alive, and on occasion happy.
"Yes. Undoubtly you already know what I want to say, but I need to say it. Mycroft, I am sorry that I attacked you, when I was not doing well. I want to thank you though for protecting me from myself. I owe you a debt."
Emmerson walked forward and handed Sherlock a flash drive, "We anticipated that. We've already followed how he got here; he was disguised as a homeless person. Hat and hoodie covering his face, he managed to make it to the end of Baker Street before he spotted the cameras around 221B. He turned and was picked up by a taxi. We’re tracking where the taxi took him."
“Christ Sherlock are you ok?” He asked as he reached down to help the omega up from the kneeling position he took up to watch the exchange.
“Keep up John!” Sherlock screamed from half a block away three murderers running ahead of him. There was no way that John was going to let anything happen to Sherlock. He was the only one who was making his life worthwhile.
"Moriarty. He would have killed you and the others if I didn't die. I had to make sure that you were safe and alive. I am so sorry that I had to die. Please forgive me."
“Nothing that you don’t already know about. The woman has been following John around, she’s smart and quick, and it appears that we have a leak on my side of the fence. Every time we move to take her down she slips off at the last second. “
I promise this will be the last angsty fic for a while. (Most likely) Love you all! Star Trek Alternate Original Series (Kirk/Spock/Bones)
He was late in getting home which went totally against his schedule. Lestrad didn't have a case for him and he should have arrived thirty minutes ago, even if he had walked. My nerves were ever unsettled, so I started the hunt, looking everywhere that he may have gone. All his usual hunting grounds were bare of any trace of him.
John agreed, pulling Sherlock's coat and suit jacket off, Sherlock shivered at the freeing feeling as John started to work on the buttons of his shirt.
When they broke apart Sherlock took the chance and pulled Johns jumper over his head exposing his chest, and seeing for the first time the scar that brought John into his life. He leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss on the center of the star burst.
"Got it, go flirt with a beautiful girl and file away an empty threat. You boys behave. I will let you know when John arrives and is able to take visitors."
Sherlock stood with a little help from Lestrade and followed me back to the elevator putting up no fuss. We could feel it as the garage lift was activated and the van taking John and his medical team descended down into the lockup.
“I’m shocked Mycroft, you haven’t done your homework. She is in America, visiting friends. She will be gone for a month but I was able to work my connections to get a new lease on the place before she left. She thinks a Mr. Hamish Brooke is living there.”
I walked out the door and went to the nearest ally to cut across several streets to loose Mycroft. Three blocks over I turned to another ally and dug in my pockets for the pills, knowing it wouldn't be long before Mycroft was hunting me.
“Well brother dear, as much as I love our little chats, it is time for our dear doctor to go home. I will see you very soon.”
Picking it up, Sherlock noted that it was heavy, for its small size. It was lock on the front of the box was insultingly easy to pick. Opening the box he found it stuffed full of letters, all hand written by John. There had to be hundreds of letters sitting in there.  The pain that pulled at Sherlock’s chest at the sight of them was almost unbearable.
"John, so good." Sherlock panted out as, John bit down on his over sensitized nipple once more, forcing a deep stuttering moan from Sherlock’s chest as he came with a shuddering gasp taking the edge off. He slumped down onto John, using him as support while his heart rate returned to normal.
John's body was placed on a stretcher, a gushing hole in his stomach where he was shot, his skin icy blue. His chest was heartbreakingly still, not breathing. The EMT's immediately started performing CPR on him, running to the waiting ambulance.
"I do. However I do want your help. I need you to make a new blog post, something that will draw in Moran, maybe go over some of your previous cases with Sherlock. We need to get Moran to comment so that we can trace a general location on him."
Think think think what was he thinking. The only thing that he had been saying lately was my name, over and over again. Begging me not to jump! The hospital!
Sherlock froze and opened his eyes to stare at John. His face showed shock and a touch of the anger he expected yesterday.
John's eyes shot open, he arched back being pushed back by Sherlocks hand on his back. "John listen to me, I need you to be quiet or they will take me away quicker."
"I have to agree; when you two are together it's enough to make us want to puke." Anthea shot from the doorway.
Mycroft let out a Chuckle. “Named for the one you’re protecting and the one you’re protecting him from huh?”
“Sherlock’s room is right across the hall and John will be in the hospital area three doors down on your left for the time being.”
Sherlock popped open the button on John’s jeans and gently stroked against his length, sending electrical fire through Johns veins.
"When you died, John spiraled into deep depression. He wouldn't speak, wouldn't eat, and wouldn’t sleep for the first week. We eventually had to hospitalize him for a while, after he was released he went to therapy for a while but he said it just made it worse. He left Baker Street and went to live with his sister for a while. He eventually returned but he was a walking zombie. Two months after he tried to kill himself."
Kirk looked up at McCoy tears streaming from his eyes, as Spock held him closer. “The doctor is right. You are way too hard on yourself Jim. No one could have known that the meeting was nothing more than a trap. You saved yourself and Lieutenant Uhura’s life today. You did the best you could with the knowledge of the situation that you had.”
John leaned up and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s, a soft gentle kiss. After a moment Sherlock deepened the kiss, licking against Johns bottom lip. He sighed a contented sigh and let Sherlock in twining his tongue with that of his detective before allowing Sherlock complete control. When they came up for air John looked to Sherlock’s kiss swollen lips and debauched hair and started to laugh.
"For right now John were going to wait for him to make another mistake which he will un-doubtly make."
John was warm, too warm. Surly the previous night was just some sort of demented hope dream. Sherlock wasn't really back, they didn't really have sex. Or did we? John opened his eyes to find himself pressed up close to a certain consulting detective’s chest, who was fast asleep.
So yeah, can't write smut. But the next chapter is going to be a little on the angsty side of things!
John bristled at the omegas command, all his instincts telling him to go after his omega, to protect him in this sensitive time and not to let him out of his sight, but he knew that there would be hell to pay if he let this murderer get away and Sherlock can take care of himself, so off he ran to the right, Lestrade following close on his heels as Sherlock and his enticing scent went to the left.
They both sat at the edge of the bed laughing hysterically. Sherlock didn't even care anymore that the people outside would hear, that Mycroft was on his way to separate them. When they finally managed to stop laughing John looked at Sherlock with wonder, it really was him, really was his best friend.
John's skin flushed with the heat of his blood rushing. How many times had he wanted to kiss Sherlock? His brilliant mad detective? And now his lips were sealed tight with Sherlock’s surprisingly soft ones. A low moan escaped his throat and Sherlock grinned.
We went on many more missions together I was always at his back watching for unseen threats. I was eventually given my own team of troopers who I trained to work with the head of the first order. We were lethal, anyone who came against us would find themselves struck down before they even had a chance to draw their weapon. I always knew that Kylo never saw me as anything other than a good Stormtrooper even though I knew I loved him. At first the rejection hurt, a deep searing pain down to my bones but the more I thought about it the more I realized that Kylo was too important to love me. I eventually was able to accept that nothing would ever happen between us and to tunnel all of my love and wishes into work demanding perfection of myself and others.
Sherlock just shook his head at his phone, walked into the living room and placed it on the coffee table, knowing that Mycroft had it bugged. He walked back into John's bedroom and closed the door. He knew he had just a few minutes before Mycroft would really be there. It was now or never, his last chance to interact with his best friend.
The first few months he wouldn't eat, wouldn't sleep, wouldn't do anything but breathe. I could see and feel his pain. I owe a great debt to Lestrade for keeping him from dying on me, for keeping him going when I couldn't.
Molly nodded and strode to the hospital while I went to the elevator. Once upstairs again I found Lestrade and Sherlock sitting in silence. It appeared that Sherlock had fallen asleep as expected.
The tall Omega and short Alpha took off after the murderers, dodging bullets and trash cans thrown at them. After five minutes of ducking down alleys and side streets they were joined by Lestrade and or all people Anderson. Where the hell was Donovan?! She must be pregnant again; otherwise Anderson would have let her be there.
"Sherlock if John wouldn't kill me I would lock you away right now so your stupidity wouldn't cause anymore danger. As it is however my hands are tied."
The leader’s proclamation made me smile through the bone deep pain in my stomach. Blood poured out of the wound, staining the pavement more than Sherlock did.
Pulling his cap down over his face and turning his jacket collar up to shield him from any prying eyes he walked over to his grave intent on feeling the residual warmth of John, but what he found was a small box.
"It was our, your brother and my opinion that you would be reckless if you knew. We kept an eye on him."
Mycroft let out a deep sigh and eyed his brother, “Are you going to tell me who you think it is? Of course you’re not.”
“That is most definitely for the best.” I could tell that she was silently fuming, the tension getting higher and higher.
Yay another chapter! So I have the story completely planned out for now! It may change but I'm hoping to have it finished before March!
It took less than forty minutes for me to get cleaned and cleared to go. I made my way up to surgery and was lead into a private waiting room where Anthea was going at her phone.
"Fine. Stay together but know this you two will never be allowed without the other nor will you be without protection and I am whole heartedly against this." Mycroft sighed, a look of pure disgust thrown at his brother. "John i want to pre-apologize for whatever happens to you due to my idiot brother. Especially if it gets you killed."
"Who cares let’s get this over with before anyone shows up. Doctor, nothing personal but were getting paid way too much to fuck this up."
“No no no John! You can not die on me!” Sherlock screamed out not even caring that the murderers were getting away. His only concern for John.
I saw him today. I know it was him. I just know it. Why are you lying to me? I can handle myself, i won’t let anything happen to me but you keeping him away from me is not helping. I know he was really there, i know it was him. I know i am not hallucinating. Why Mycroft? Why are you doing this? I have to see him. I have to.
"Yes Sherlock mine, all mine." replied John as he felt his knot swelling, as he pushed it deep into Sherlock stretching him tight. Sherlock came with a shout as he felt the knot form inside of him, stretching him tightly. John bit down hard on the scent gland breaking the skin and sucking on the open wound, mixing their scents together, permanently marking Sherlock as his. Sherlock’s muscles clamped down around the knot as John orgasmed inside of him, milking the knot for all of the seed it could, filling his womb as John shuddered above him filling him full before rolling them on their side, careful of the straining knot.
"It appears the Calvary has arrived. Run boys! Doctor it's been nice killing you." Mica shoved me hard, gravity taking over and pulling me towards the black depth below.
“I don’t think so, I think it's more likely he’ll attack Sherlock the first chance he gets, but if we can get the idiots to talk to one another like adults, they should be able to work things out. Maybe they will finally stop dancing around each other and tell each other.”
"Hello, what can I get for you today?" The barista was a pretty blond woman, before Sherlock I would have seen her as a conquest, but now she was just another face.
When he wakes up later in their shared room snuggled between the two rather than in med bay where he should have been, he smiles and feels the love before falling back to sleep.
“He started to write you the letters. At first he kept them on him in a locked box but eventually as you saw he left them at your grave. Naturally I read them when I was around, but to my knowledge no one else did.”
"Mr. Holmes is still interrogating the suspects and Mrs. Hudson and Ms. Hooper have all been removed to a private residence. He also says that you are to go nowhere and you will be taking a holiday for a while and that you are not to argue."
We sat in silence as we pulled out of London, Anthea kept at her phone. I always wondered what she found so fascinating with the contraption.
“It’s alright Sherlock, he couldn’t have gotten far and you know your brother has you on surveillance, he’s probably got his people out looking for the bastard now. If he hasn't got him already.”
"Wait," I called out and walked over to my broken baby brother and just knew deep down that Sherlock wouldn't make it. I leaned down and kissed the top of his head and whispered, "Goodbye baby brother."
Kirk continued to stare out the window, obviously lost in thought. Both men knew they wouldn’t get him to talk for a while, that it would be better for them to let him think. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Kirk spoke up.
Mycroft came down the bank carrying a blanket which he draped over Lestrades shoulders before pulling him into a tight hug.
"I'm fine Mycroft. I just need to rinse off and change clothes and get to the hospital to check on John."
"Will you two shut the fuck up, he's still alive. Doctor I hope you can't swim. If you don't die now were just going to keep coming after you."
“Ms. Hooper, Mrs. Hudson please follow me and I'll show you to your rooms. I apologize that they aren’t above ground but we need to be taking extra precautions right now.”
"I love you too Sherlock." John replied as he twined his fingers with Sherlock’s, squeezing with love. Sherlock laid his head down on John's shoulder. "I knew it was going to be you from the first moment we met in Bart’s. There has never been anyone else more appealing to me."
"Taylor, put the gun down or I will be forced to make you." the command in my voice was unmistakable. He looked at me with pure hatred, but lowered his gun a few inches. It appeared that he was going to comply with my order, until we heard the sirens off in the distance. The police were here.
Mycroft let out a deep sigh. “Yes I know, you also know that my offer still stands. Around the clock protection for both of you. I promise that nothing will happen to either of you.”
Mycroft looked him over and nodded, "Anthea will go to the hospital, and I will be questioning three dead men."
Seeing him put himself in danger always made me nervous and more determined to protect him from even his own stupidity, especially after times of him being goaded on by General Hux. Which is how we found ourselves in our current predicament. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that if we made it back alive I was going to kill Hux myself. There was no way that he didn’t know the level of danger that he was sending us into. The rebels came at us before we could even land, shooting our shuttle out of the sky. They immediately surrounded us and opened fire. The fighting was brutal, bombs going off, blaster fire from above and on ground. Within minutes half of my team that had become my family was dead. The only thing pushing me was pure rage and determination to keep Kylo safe, because if anything were to happen to him I would be a failure, I wouldn’t be able to live with myself.
Sherlock quickly pulled out his tools and had successfully picked the lock and entered the house before the first car pulled up near the place. He gave a wicked smile as he locked the door in his wake, knowing that Mycrofts goons wouldn't want to break in and alert John to Sherlocks presence. He was safe for the time being, so he pulled the curtains in the little kitchen shut as he flipped off the goons. A wide smile plastered on his face.
No point in waiting. I climb onto the ledge standing where he stood looking around. It was truly beautiful at night. Sherlock will you be waiting for me?
"Because you're an idiot." John looked at Sherlock, caught him grinning and they both dissolved into easy laughter again.
Sherlock was vibrating his skin flushed red, the head of his prick, covered in pre-cum begging to be touched.
I owe your brother a debt of gratitude. He saved me from the hospital saved me from myself. He found me and put me up in an estate of his. I still need to apologize for attacking him, for the scar I left on him. I am so sorry Sherlock. I know you two didn’t get along but I don’t think that you would appreciate me attacking your brother. I honestly don’t know what was going on, why I did what I did. I am so sorry Sherlock. I’m sorry Mycroft. I don’t deserve either of you. I just want to let you know that I have decided to move on as best as I can. Mycroft talked to me and told me how much you must have cared for me. Thank you Sherlock, I deeply cared for you too and I always will, you will always be my best friend.
They embraced a moment before Lestrade jumped into the ambulance, Mycroft watched as it drove off with his other half in the back.
John just chuckled, reached down and gave himself a few strokes before Sherlock pulled him up to the bed and switched places, before John had a chance to protest Sherlock took him in his mouth to the base. All John could do was sputter, and watch as his brilliant detective started to bob up and down applying the right amount of suction and teeth.
John slowly pulled back just keeping the head in his mouth, licking at the underside of his penis, teasing the glans there. Sherlock’s hand found the back of John's head pushing him back down.
"Joh...” Lestrade cleared his throat suddenly tight, "John is on his way here Sherlock. There was an incident earlier. You need to pay attention to me and stay calm."
Saluting I slunk back to my position behind Kylo as we advanced further onto the planet. It was quiet for a few more minutes before I spotted them. Two rebels were hiding on a rock overhang, blasters pointed right at Kylo’s heart. My instincts took over as I ran forward and shoved him to the ground as the blasters went off. There was a sharp pain in my ribs as I took the blast ment for my superior officer who was radiating pure murder from below me.
“Now listen here James Tiberius Kirk, we won't hear anymore about you being useless or a hazard. You are the most amazing Captain in the world, hell the universe. The whole world owes you their lives multiple times over. You are amazing and it's time you are showed how amazing you are.”
The road was empty of all moving cars, so that left the Thames. I could swim rather well, but I didn't want to swim. I wanted to feel the water fill my lungs and drag me under. Drowning it was then.
Mica leaned down close to my mouth which was full of my own blood. "Sherlock.....I...will...see...him...again."
Piss off Mycroft, or I will call Mummy, and remember that she still doesn't know that I am alive. Do you really want to deal with that? -SH
"That’s fine. I need a word with him anyway." Replied John, Sherlock jerked his head towards his lover, questions flitted through his gaze.
"The original contract but they all refused under torture to give up the name of the new contact but we have a fair idea who it is. Interestingly enough, it turns out that they were to go on after killing John, to kill Mrs. Hudson, Molly Hooper and you."
“Get the fuck off of me! You fucking idiot, he got the fuck away!” Sherlock growled wriggling in the tight grasp of the Alpha scratching at the hands that held him down.
“How often do you have to do this?” Sherlock glanced sideways at his brother, irritation obvious on his gaunt face.
"Then you better be ready to explain that to him. He's going to be in here in less than two minutes to pry me away from you. He thinks that I’m a hazard to your health. I suppose that I am but all the same I can't stand to be away from you either."
Lestrades jaw dropped again. Surly Sherlock knew, didn't he? He turned to look at Anthea for conformation of his suspicion. She discreetly looked away, uncomfortable. Well fuck he had to know, who better to deliver bad news than a cop.
Where would a still grieving John go? Baker Street was empty. So was his work. He had to be somewhere he couldn't have just vanished into the ground.
Boiling hot anger flashed across Sherlock’s face. Not that line, not about him. A knife flashed out of Sherlock’s pocket thrown with superior aim, just missing his brothers’ face. Mycroft didn’t even flinch, just looked at his brother with pity.
“We found him a new flat that I paid for and Lestrade kept him constantly busy on cases. He fought with Lestrade constantly about being left alone but Lestrade put him together again. You have no idea how much you owe him.”
"Donavan get me an ambulance now and keep everyone back suspect not in custody." I shot the order into my radio.
Sherlocks chest tightened. 'That's my John. Much smarter than anyone gives him credit for.' He folded up the letter and pocketed it. Thinking long and hard about what he was about to do. Apparently Mycroft had missed a great deal out of their friend John.
I look down and all i see is darkness. A small pool of light illuminates where he landed, where I will land.
I rush over to my only friend. He's covered in blood and only has moments to live. Nothing will save him.
Pills would be my next step, Mrs. Hudson had all of my pills in her flat and delivered the daily amount herself and ensured that I would take them, so if I wanted to go that route I would need to go out and purchase some of my own.
Sure enough he had just arrived. Hopefully security would be able to hold him off the five minutes it would take for me to arrive.
1. Outside the Window: What’s the weather outside your window doing right now? If that’s not inspiring, what’s the weather like somewhere you wish you could be?
He started to make an improvement when Lestrade pulled him in on cases, let him re-enter the element. His public life seemed to improve but once he got behind closed doors it was all the same. All the pain and frustration, the violent dreams and outbursts the anger the drinking the crying.
"You smell amazing." He sniffed at his fingers again, before bringing them to his mouth and licking Sherlock’s lubrication off them. Tasting wholly of Sherlock, a hint of fine liquor, wood smoke, and musk.
One of their new security officers opened the back door for them, “Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, welcome home. The place is clean.”
"The basement has a full hospital set up." Anthea spoke up from the doorway, shocking both of the men.
“It’s over. Put your hands up, this doesn’t have to.” Sherlock’s sentence was cut off short as Anderson crashed into Sherlock, knocking the gun under him as he was dragged to the ground by the feral alpha. The gun pressed hard into Sherlock’s rib cage, leaving bruises in its wake.
Lestrade knew without the conformation, "No. He slipped away. He's badly injured though, I know I shot him in the leg and I got a knife in his stomach. He should be easy to find."
Kylo for his part was using the force to his advantage and ensuring that he had the upper hand as he tried to clear the field. He sliced through his enemies with his lightsaber, impaling many on the fizzing cross guards all while using the force to take down pilots and fighters far off. Kylo heard the blaster fire before I did, knew where it was going to strike before I did, and knew that he was going to be too late.
“He didn’t eat for five whole days and only slept when he was physically unable to stay awake. He wouldn’t speak to any of us. He couldn’t stand to be at 221B so his sister came and got him and took him home. According to her he just paced back and forth all day and night. Wouldn’t talk to anyone.”
"Please John, please." Sherlock begged, panting with need. John smiled and removed his tongue, replacing it with two of his fingers. He wiggled them around searching for his prize.
"Fine, but absolutely no bugging of our actual apartment and I will be looking. If I find anything at all we will leave. Do we have a deal?"
"Gonna cum." John panted out at the last second; Sherlock just took him in deeper all the way to the back of his throat and swallowed around Johns prick, setting John over the edge. Sherlock swallowed him down as the hot salty liquid hit the back of his throat. He slowly pulled off, John panting hard above him. Sherlock moved up to the bed pulling John with him to the top where he laid John on his chest and held him tight.
Mycroft smiled and stood, "Well I will give you a bit of time, I will be here at 2:45 and Lestrade will be here at 3."
It took a whole month for me to discover that my gun was gone. Mycroft must have had his men get it before I got home on that day. Or maybe it was Lestrade. Either way they just eliminated one method of my suicide.
“No John no it’s not. Please stay with me, don’t go to sleep on me! Help is on the way!” Sherlock cried out as he heard the sirens far off.
Mycrofts unexpected entrance and comment so mirrored the time at the palace that it set off the laughter again. Sherlock and John clutched at each other for support as they rocked with laughter. Mycroft glared at them.
I would have to find a place outside of the flat to take them as well. I knew that Mycroft had the place bugged. So the park or a back alleyway, maybe even by the Thames. I pulled on my jacket and grabbed my wallet and keys and strode out of the flat. The air was dark and the promise of rain hung in the air.
"Anthea, what do you know that I don't? Mycroft must have told you something about those men. Why John, and why now?"
“It has been over two years and John still showsd no signs of moving on. He rarely sleeps, only eats when it was required of him, and is very rarely social. He never spends any time with any of your old friends.”
"Don't worry about us Mycroft. We will be fine. I won’t let them get to him and besides brother dear were as you say going to be under your constant protection."
"Too right you do." He replied as he placed the head of his engorged cock to Sherlock’s entrance, and using great restraint pushed in slowly to the silken tight wet heat, allowing Sherlock time to adjust rembering in the back of his mind that Sherlock was a virgin. John moaned, "So tight for my huge cock. Such an amazing Omega."
“Because brother dear, if I had told you, you would have rushed home and blown the whole operation. As much trouble as it was for you to disappear to begin with.”
"Thank you John. I'm sorry we didn’t tell you sooner, but Sherlock was in enough danger at the time. We needed you to keep believing that he was dead. You don't owe me a thing."
“How do you know?! You always think that you know what is best for everyone but you don’t Sherlock!”
"So large." muttered Sherlock as he pulled John's trousers and pants down, letting John toe out of his shoes and socks and step out of his clothes. As soon as he was naked Sherlock kneeled down in front of John taking the head of his cock in his mouth giving it a long wet lick, sucking in the tip.
Both men looked at him in utter disbelief but they both knew that no matter what they said Mycroft wouldn't bend a quick glance at one another and both came to the agreement that it was the best they were going to get in their situation.
“A month and a half. He was released to my care under the condition of going to therapy every day and that he have a body guard with him. I gave the orders that every time it looked like he was thinking of you that he was to be distracted. Emerson was quite successful.”
Lestrade looked between the three of them. “John take Sherlock home, I can smell him over here. And Sherlock, I know you hate being an omega, but If I can deal with it than so can you.”
Letter after letter each describing Johns days filled out the rest of the pack. He seemed to get better over the next few months based on the letters, but something must have happened last summer. The letters started to get shorter and more pained. Sherlock clutched them to his chest as he sat in John’s chair in their old flat. Most of their old stuff had been removed but Mycroft had seen to it that some things made their way back to Sherlock that evening. Clutching his Union Jack pillow to his chest Sherlock continued clutching the pillow tighter as the letters got more and more worrisome.
Another long chapter, we finish John and Sherlock's 1st year at Hogwarts! Also, thank you all for the 10 kudos, they warm my heart <3
we'll know more of John's family later, I've got a whole arc around it, but I wonder when I should add the tag
The Doctor claimed his position at the console panel. The turquoise light illuminated his sharp face like a maniacal villain, except he was a very sweet if eccentric alien. “It’s rewind time, everybody!”
“I know you didn’t,” Blake said, crossing his arms. His robes offered him some comfort in the chilly hall. He rubbed his hands over his shoulders to get his blood flow circulating. “I mean it, I believe you.”
“Maybe. But these are also fuzzy. It’s nice to touch it even when I can feel the molecules move around. It’s soothing, actually.”
He hooked Sherlock’s arm around his neck and hailed him out, locking the car. Sherlock clung to him more out of affection than need, but alas. John dragged him inside, the dogs immediately darting for the kitchen. By that point, Sherlock regained enough consciousness to walk on his own, but the two of them stayed in their half embrace.
The little Barbies made to fasten the grip, but Cas tugged at it with a jerk and they flew across the room. In that exact moment, the lightning struck again, the ropes fell limp to the ground, pooling at his ankles like snakes, and Castiel’s wings spread across the length of the whole wall behind him. Sherlock thought he had a knack for being dramatic but the angel took it to another,
“What on earth will require us to sneak out of the castle this time around?” John asked incredulously. “You know what? I don’t care. I actually want to see what your brilliant mind sees in these scattered notes. Of course I’m in. Nothing new, sneaking out after dark with you.”
Little did they know they were wasting their time. The ghoul was long gone on his way for his happy ending, out of evil’s grasp.
“Just good ol’ Reichenbach Falls,” the Doctor assured her with a toothy smile. “Interesting. You’re quite the adventurers. I’m not surprised, you being… well, here.” The Doctor took a step to the side and started pacing around. “That doesn’t change things. TARDIS is no toy for matchmaking and the whims of
Greg clutched at the hair at his greying temples, intensely watching the TV. Justinkopnik Lesterkriknik has just ended his betrothal with his now ex-fiancée, Alkantira Fakyou Shukeera. But the challenge had yet to reveal itself.
“Naturally. Presumably due to muggles visiting.” Sherlock hummed noncommittally. Mycroft wasn’t too familiar with the Watson household, maybe he should change that. It didn’t seem that John planned to orbit out of Sherlock’ periphery any time soon. Once he starts working, it will get easier to gain information.
“Just a jumpy goat,” Dean said, shoving him towards his bedroom. Sam attempted to shove him into a wall but his smaller body wasn’t as strong as his older brother’s. “Piss off! I wanna sleep.”
“Andrew West,” Mike said. “Typical jock, studies IT on a football scholarship. Molly tutored him over the summer, that’s the reason why they might have gotten closer, who knows?”
For a split second, John considered throwing the picture in the bin. But his own discomfort shouldn’t rain on the parade of some Nicolas Cage enthusiast. He put the rest of the tomes on the cart and skedaddled back to Irene, who waited for him at the entrance.
, not a toddler! Is this some sort of ploy to get at me and my husband? Did we foil your plans to take over the world? Did we ruin your ill-constructed lies? Whatever, none of that matters -- where is Rosie?! And why in the bloody hell do you kidnap children before Christmas?”
“Well,” the pixie fumbled with her thumbs. “Thing is, you shouldn’t have been able to find her. Irene is in no danger, you see. She’s only becoming our Mom and staying with us for all eternity. Right, Mom?”
“Thanks!” She gave him a hug and took Sam’s hand and led him to the living room to watch cartoons with her (this one was called
But the Ravenclaw had already set out to the cupboard to fetch the ingredients needed. John glanced around the room, glad to see others were starting to wake up from the shocked quiet that Snape’s entry had caused.
“You won’t need your books,” Snape informed them casually. He took out his wand, flicked it rather dramatically and he made move for the board to position it better for everyone to see. If John didn’t know better he would say he
So, school said 'fuck you' to me and flooded me woth work. That's why we didn't come to a conclusion of their whole third year this chapter, sorry folks. Anyway, we got... kinda in the head of Sherlock and saw some interesting... developments? Yeah, our boy is getting attached already, but he doesn't know what it is yet himself, hah.
,” Sherlock waved him off, sneering at the last word. “Less so with voicing them. John, on the other hand, can take the lead. If I let him initiate, that can count. That way, I don’t have to worry if I bollocks this up or not.”
The trunk of Greg’s car shut with a bang as he deposited his and Mrs Hudson’s bags there. The sun shone brightly above their heads, the noon light barely throwing a blink of shade on the town. Half of the Shack was up and about at seven o’clock, but John roused even sooner than that. He took the doggies out to pee and had breakfast, did some strength exercises, had a shower, dressed, and waited for Sherlock to tumble downstairs.
Irene watched, horrified by how fast this went to shit. Mike blurted out apologies, but Molly shushed him, rightfully pointing out it’s not his fault, and she looked up.
“Finally!” Mrs Hudson put a hand over her heart. “I was getting worried after what happened at the beginning of….” She trailed off.
Cas had a concerned look on his face throughout this exchange. Irene climbed into his lap next and he held her up in front of his face, eyes wide, Irene mimicking his expression. Dean had to admit, she was an adorable kid. She booped Cas’ nose and his brows furrowed, incomprehensible of her giggles. Next she squashed his cheeks with her tiny hands, distorting the angel’s face in various grimaces.
He barely heard Mrs Hudson tut at him for his reflexes, his social battery quickly running out of its short reserves. And sure enough, as soon as they stopped by the boards, he closed his eyes for a fleeting moment, and then he was back at the beginning.
’ -- you have no right for that. Oh, I’m sure he’s not as sentimental about the Shack, just look at the state of it.”
“Funny you should say that,” Sherlock countered. He leaned against the frame of the exit, the sliding doors wide open as he blocked the path. “Don’t people usually say that you shouldn’t skip leg days? So far it appears that you skip all the gym days. Oh, pardon me, you’re here now -- but that was prompted by your overeating yesterday as a result of stress resulting from the night at the opera. Good job burning a fraction of your calories.” He waved the bewildered Wilkes a cheeky goodbye, stopping once more to add, “And pink frosted cupcakes? I’d pick you for something more
She waved at them, exhausted but happy. “Enjoying yourselves, boys?” she asked, taking the cup John handed her.
“Nonsense!” Mrs Hudson snatched the paper back, tearing it into pieces. John blinked at his empty hands, then at the upkeeper. “I thought of making an original princess, but it doesn’t have the right ring to it!”
So he did. No response. Cas twisted the squeaky knob and peeked inside. As predicted, Irene was fast asleep, a patterned blanket thrown over her. He invited himself in -- he did the polite knocking thing already -- and went to sit on Sherlock’s vacated bed.
Oh, he’s got many secret plans up his sleeves for Magnussen yet to see. But more on that later. Seb cleared his throat, suppressing a smirk.
“Greg gifted me Mr Rabbiarty my first summer here,” he explained, thumbs caressing the soft grey fur. It used to be a glove puppet, not plushie, but someone stuffed it out and added legs fitted to the proportions of the body. It was positively cute. “I was a bit homesick. Back then, anyway… I didn’t know we had him, I thought they threw him out or gifted him to kids.”
. “He does that all the time when he gets overwhelmed. Apparently. I wouldn’t know. But Millie told me his mind is running at hundred different tangents constantly, so yeah.”
"He seemed to be aware of that too," Sherlock added and looked at them both. "Only his employer wishes to be patient with us."
Damn, that’s fair. Cas’ expression was softer than usual, brows knitted upwards. Irene should’ve learned sooner, though.
Armed with coffee in hand (added sugar and milk just to Greg’s liking), he set out for the office. It was at the end of the hallway on the second floor, opposite of Mrs Hudson’s knitting room. Quite inconspicuous too - the door was partially obscured by a giant plant that stood guard there, leaves shiny and greener than John’s usually very positive outlook on life. He knocked lightly on the hard wood, and opened the door without waiting.
scared,” Irene said, finally calming down. It was hard to take the psychopathic spirit seriously when he was upside down. John knew they shouldn’t underestimate him, though. The last time he fought Cage he almost fell into a pit and got cut by a real katana more than once. “What are you going to do? Sneer on us? Reference Con Air? Or worse, Homestuck?”
Sherlock found him especially endearing. He curled a strand of his dark brown hair around a finger and tucked it behind his ear. “Yes, it’s lavender. And a bit of cedar added to the mix, I believe.”
“Nothing,” Cas replied, walking towards the house. It was a miracle how it managed to stand up, Dean thought. It didn’t look twice as habitable from the outside, but the inside was pretty rustic and weird as well. But welcoming, don’t forget that.
To his dismay, John was up and about by the time he returned, opening the yellow and purple window to let fresh air in. He gave Sherlock a beaming, albeit still sleepy smile. “Shower’s a good idea, actually. Wait for me here, gotta brush my teeth too.”
“Mind over matter, John,” Sherlock mumbled into John’s pillow. John bumped his knee with Sherlock’s, but the former swatted at him. “No touching. Too hot.”
. It had been necessary. He had convinced Mummy to let him take up boxing classes when he attended highschool, just to be safe. He liked it well enough, but he didn’t do it out of some recreational desire to get stronger. This, however, could be a conscious decision Sherlock will make for himself because he is genuinely interested in the sport. Exercising granted him a peace of mind. That, plus he has the one free session to determine whether he wants to continue or not.
“John? What time is it?” Greg rasped, coughing to set his voice to normal decibel levels. He rubbed his eyes, back hunched over the desk. John continued putting the papers into neat piles.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said and Redbeard bit at his fingers with his tiny puppy teeth. He smiled at the tiny canine, but his expression sobered when he looked back at Irene. “I… I thought I could play a game of emotions on him. I mean, they’re a family of two. Grace is a single mother, do you realise how hard it is to raise a child out on the streets?”
,” the mirror said, bemused. Listening to his baritone pronounce words so neanderthically made Sherlock shiver. “When I said you have a plan, I didn’t think you would opt for psychology and mind tricks to woo him.”
Jake moved his head as though he’d just imitated an eye roll. “Girls. I appreciate that you care, but I’ve lived in these forests for years. You think I haven’t escaped more dire situations before? C’mon, let me help!”
“Okay, I’ll take your word for it. The cover art is intriguing, and the synopses too. I can see why you’d choose to read it.”
Redbeard wagged his tail vigorously, probably hearing Sherlock’s words as unintelligible, incoherent soft blabber in his floppy ears.
Sherlock let out a deep, disappointed sigh. He never understood the rift between pure-bloods, half-bloods, or muggle-born wizards. What was the point? They all had magical powers. It shouldn’t matter who held the wand, but
And just like that, from the mist among the trees that lifted above the ground, a translucent figure of a woman appeared in front of their very eyes. Sherlock and John stared wide eyed. They’ve never seen a ghost before, thinking it impossible until this summer. Dean and Sam, on the other hand, inhaled and exhaled sharply, mentally getting ready for an inevitable shitstorm that was dealing with the supernatural. What a world to live in!
“Sure,” he shrugged nonchalantly, leaving the spot under the marquise. He bumped John’s shoulder to follow him, he needed to be suave. The rest except for Wilkes followed them off to the side where the metal fence separated the sidewalk from the alley. There was a thin green fabric clinging to it, obscuring their view of the alleyway in the dusk. Sherlock looked at John, hitching his eyebrows. “There’s a ladder leading up to those weird balconies serving as emergency exits. We can get in through one of these, I’m positive. Help me out?”
“I didn’t wanna risk having them thrown out,” John said, frowning at his toes. There was a particular memory
He was wrong. Upon entering said shop, Irene released a pterodactyl-like screech when she saw a patterned skirt with drawings of unicorns pooping rainbows. Strange design, but Dean won’t judge it. Whatever appeals to kids. Sam had run off to sniff out his own stuff, and Cas hovered near Irene, as if taking an automatic protective stance over the girl. Seeing as he stood by and listened to Irene blabber about colour symbolism, Dean wandered off to a rack showcasing shades and fake jewelry. He spun the rack, choosing a random pair and tried it on. And… he looked like a lil’ bitch. Next! Ooh, this one was better, framing his face nicely, but the rim was brownish and ugly. Eugh.
Mary continued talking to Moran. “We won’t scam him via paperwork. That’s too easy for our taste. Magnussen said it’s not pressing. I…. What
“I must’ve confused it with another friend, then,” she laughed it off, pointy fingers with red nail polish clicking on the beige tablecloth. “But good for you, I imagine you enjoy the studies?”
“I’ll bring you a souvenir if you like, his glove or something. Sherlock already has the rings from this one, it’s only fair. We’re going back through Oregon when we’re done. We’ll be visiting our great aunt Em. Who knows, maybe there will be another ghost problem when we come back.”
“And what about you?” Irene asked, walking over to the wardrobe to pick a fresh pair of socks. “How long have you been on Earth? Have you fallen in love yet?”
Billy Wiggins, a guy almost as tall as Sherlock, tried to chat up Irene rather animatedly along with Eddie Van Coon, a guy who sported dreadlocks better than anyone else John met. Billy was even thinner than Sherlock (and that was something to say) and had a wild caveman vibe about him, though friendly enough not to come off as creepy. A good soul among wretched teens these days.
“And what else should I smoke when I’m stressed? Maple syrup?” Lestrade said defensively, though without bite. “I don’t smoke that much, you know.”
“They’re…. They’re homeless, Lestrade,” Sherlock said somberly. He scratched the back of his neck and scooted closer to John. Irene propped her chin up on her open palm. “I’m aware that you may not be inclined to take more than you can chew when it comes to living beings at the Shack, but they don’t deserve to be left out on the streets. Grace is a single mother, do you have any idea how hard it is to raise a child in the wild?”
” Greg replied, and from where she sat Mary saw him flick the cigarette into the bushes under the railing on which he propped his elbows.
There was a perfect circle dissected in the middle by the journal. It’s outline was grey, and there were two inner sections that were coloured. The bigger outside circle was divided into six sections, each one consisting of one colour of the rainbow. The smaller second inner circle consisted of colours that were a mix of two primary colours that were next to each other. In each of the sections in both circles were symbols Sherlock couldn’t connect to anything he’d seen before. The purple section had the symbols of a pine tree in it, red had a rose, orange had a sun, yellow had a bee, green had a maple leaf, and blue next to purple had a crescent moon.
exactly did Irene go on a date with? She’s had her fair share of women to date during both semesters, but none of it was serious. Irene didn’t seem to mind that too much as she was usually the life of the party if she chose to attend any.
And hope they did. Afterwards, their conversation shifted to trivial matters, namely beauty drama and then regarding what they’d gift Greg for his upcoming birthday in September. There was a problem: nothing they brainstormed seemed to suit the title of being ‘perfect’ for John’s uncle.
“Okay. But it’s always the strongest card to play, remember that, Johnny boy,” Kate winked at him and stood up to fish out a packet of cigarettes, offering one to John.
Eddie moved on. “Anyway, yeah. That’s what we do. We play about everything from the Beatles to Rammstein. Currently we’re going through a few songs from Queen, but as I said, no singer that could pull off Freddie Mercury. Ah, do you know what it would be to have the honour to play with him? I bet we could get a gig at Speedy’s or at some other club in town.”
“I dunno, it’s just… I didn’t have to do it, it just helped me visualise it. It reminded me of basketball.” Sherlock’s face was blank, he bit his lower lip. “Oh, you don’t know. Muggle sport. I’ll show you how to play it one day.”
Many of the villagers were already up and about, getting their products ready for passing merchants to see. John was glad to be one among the few first ones stopping in there. Right: make it quick, he told himself. Sherlock was waiting.
Not having a thing to do, he got to his feet, coughing when Kate’s cigarette smoke flew into his nostrils. Kate giggled, apologising, and he returned inside. He didn’t think he should ask Sherlock out today. He had to wait for the perfect opportunity. Or divine timing. Whatever worked. Well, while he waited, he could as well join Sherlock and his half-rotten biscuit.
“And what’s your point?” Greg said airily, finally looking at the restless Sherlock. The Ravenclaw look to John for backup, but he hid behind his Potions book. Sherlock now obviously wanted Greg’s help, or at least a favour, but he had to play nicely for that.
“Sherlock, do you seriously not see that John is interested? In you, I mean. He was since the day you collided in the gift shop. I swear, it was like from a romcom movie Mummy watches on lazy Saturdays. The moment you locked eyes there was an immediate spark. As if you two knew each other already.” She shrugged, but there was a thought nagging at her mind as though begging for recognition. She repressed it, her mind was just in overdrive.
John offered Irene his elbow in mock-manner, which she took as they determinedly stepped forth, John leading the way to the Reichenbach Falls library. He got a glimpse of blond hair partially hidden under a pink silk scarf he recognised as Mary’s, and as such he swayed them to the side and away from what could be an uncomfortable encounter. They walked, spines straightened and minds clear about their goal, unaware that a humanoid, hooded person from behind the statue listened to them the entire time.
Sherlock kept checking the time, only twenty-something minutes had passed. Oh sod this. John seemed very smug and calm, much to his dismay, enjoying the warmth of the mall. Sherlock refrained from saying anything, knowing it wouldn’t get him anywhere. If only there was a case that called them out of this hell….
Tim chuckled, an action shortly followed by a vicious cough. “Sorry lads, that’s all. Just some hush-hush from your fellow humans. Your kind can be despicable, you would know. I’ve no idea if that bit of information helps, but it’s all I’ve got. I know you two usually work it out from the smallest clues.”
“Lucky coincidence,” Sherlock smiled sheepishly at him. “I remembered I saw the bush on our walk with the dogs a few days ago. It’s harmless in its natural state, but fermented and hydrated it can cause temporary cell regeneration. They’re called fountain leaves because of their fabled connection to the Fountain of Youth. However, it depends on the concentration of the solution of how long it lasts. What’s important to note is also how the amount of the potion that is drunk is proportioned to the years you de-age. John and I managed to drink about a quarter of our glass, so by calculating the volume and concentration I would guess we de-aged to about three to four years prior to our current age. Irene drank the whole glass and she’s a child. Given that she’s nineteen she is probably four to six years old. Sam drank about a half of it, he’s around thirteen.”
“Minus the chocolate river and candy,” Sherlock remarked, kneeling to peek over the edge. John crouched, one knee on the ground to remain stable. He put a hand on Sherlock’s arm to ensure he wouldn’t fall over. “It’s spectacular!”
“Ridiculous,” Sherlock said, but the blush was unmistakable. He settled on his side, head propped on his fist and gazing into John’s eyes. “But if I’m a Prince I suppose that either makes you my righteous Knight or a King.”
But she wasn’t listening anymore. She propped her chin up, glared at him, and then stormed off. John was left alone in the corridor. He knew she was antsy to get to the station as soon as possible, but the delay wasn’t deliberate, was it? No. It was just traffic. Their dad will know next time.
Sherlock is elated, but he is restless. He goes out to the mall, where a badass called Anthea provides boxing training. He may join a competition eventually, too, who knows? In the meantime, Irene helps Mrs Hudson get a date. It’s matchmaking time! On the other hand, Sherlock is a little insecure whether John really is interested in him enough to go on a date with him, because… no one ever did, why should this be any different?
“You’re a courier?” Sherlock asked, head tilted to the side. His curls were oddly animated and fluffy-looking.
surprised that Heaven seemed to be corrupt. “You rebelled after you became friends with the Winchesters?”
Kate giggled. “Neither did I, but… I dunno. We haven’t seen each other in a while but we talked daily over the phone. I’m over the moon, honestly.”
“Cockblocked by a rainbow horse,” John giggled, plopping backwards to rest horizontally while Sherlock sat on his thighs, glaring at the stuffed animal, arms crossed. John rotated the unicorn to face Sherlock, its head tipping to the side under its weight. John adopted a russian accent for the sake of diversity. “
“‘Blessed by bees’ -- sounds bonkers,” he said eventually, trying to lift the serious atmosphere the conversation had gained .
“Alright, Bumble, let’s go home,” John said after he was done laughing. He helped Sherlock get up, neither of them letting go of the other.
“Yeah, just that. I don’t want to bother with the tooth now, but I’m going to be too bitter about it,” Greg said, smirking. “Thanks, by the way.”
“I want to help you,” he said, looking straight into those intent, saturated and quietly pleading irises. He wasn’t sure if they understood, but hope died last.
“Did you know that purple is a royal colour?” he heard Irene chipper distantly. He spotted a ring that had a skull on it. That was sick. “And yellow is like, this energetic force, happy and it reminds me of bees! I think yellow and purple go together. But red is better. It’s like BLOOD!”
What would distract her? No small talk. She had to shit-talk her way out of this fuckery. Her eyes caught a glimpse of a play ball (who the fuck left it there?) mere inches from her. If she stretched her hand, she’d get a hold of it. She had to distract that crazy woman. Irene took her chance, grabbed the ball, and threw it at Mary. She screamed and let go of her pearl necklace to catch the incoming item of offense. Irene fell on the floor, breath knocked out of her lungs.
In all honesty, Greg had no desire to leave the Shack. Not with the M Club doing fuck knows what in the town. Thankfully the deed was safely locked away in a safe in an undisclosed location in the house, should they get ideas to get to him… But then John hit him with the family talk and really, they’re each other’s sole family now, what can Greg say to that? And John’s right, he should take better care of himself, but… He’s just so tired. There are days where, even if he does get a handful of sleep, it slows him down, an invisible weight settles upon him, making it impossible to move elsewhere for hours, if there aren’t other obligations to take care of.
The song progressed, growing more agitated along with Burr and his determination. Sherlock took a step back, fingers thoughtfully touching his chin. Of all the memories from his Mind Palace, why appear here?
Cas’ grace flooded through him. He opened the door, ready to throw himself in front of little Irene and Sam… but the room was empty, devoid of animate life besides himself.
Greg’s little heartfelt rant was interrupted by John ramming into him in full force as he locked him in a bear hug, face burrowed in the crumpled fabric on Greg’s shoulder. Large hands closed over him, hugging him back accompanied by small rocking motions from side to side to soothe his nephew. John didn’t cry, but he was damn close to it. He sniffed into Greg’s shoulder, and his uncle rested his cheek against his blond hair. Their hugging position was a little awkward, but neither man cared.
“You absolutely cannot bear any weapons, she can sense them,” Sherlock told them, getting a chuckle out of Dean.
” Greg finished singing, the tune being his second nature by now.  “I hope you do. Alright, then. I hope you’re doing well enough for you to come back to us safe and sound. Take care, please. I’ll do my best regarding my own person. Fuck knows that’s difficult. But I’ll make it work. Gotta prove all those wankers I grew up with wrong that I’m not an utter fuckup, heh. Okay, okay - I’ve got to go now or I won’t be able to stop and I’ll annoy you with too much sentiment. I don’t even know what time it is where you are. Night or day? I wish I could know so that I could time it better. It’s night here - or very early morning. Five-twenty.”
Irene was happy that John bullied Sherlock into eating more frequently. It proved to be quite the difficult task to get him to eat regularly if he locked himself up in his room to study or stayed late at the library in Toronto. Takeaway was their only option this year, since neither of them cooked that much. Irene because she forgot and was scared of sizzling pans, and Sherlock couldn’t be bothered at all if Chinese or Thai takeaway was on the table. But here, Sherlock had no other choice than to gulp down the food served to him. Irene had no idea what the stakes were, but a snogging session at the minimum, she guessed.
Selcout inhaled sharply, and his eyebrows had risen and fallen as his head gave a little jerk to the side. “He said he didn’t do it.”
“You said you had those Potter books. Where?” Cas asked, his profile visible as he looked over his shoulder. His hair lay askew and dishevelled -- a signature feral crow look of his.
“Someone woke up on the wrong side of the couch,” Greg snickered, plopping two more slices in the toaster. John flicked his ear as he passed him to fetch himself a glass of water, getting one in return. John glared, shoving a middle finger up his grunkle’s face only to have it smacked down, so he resorted for a light kick in the shins, which Greg promptly blocked.
"Good morning, brother-dear," he said, his voice still groggy with sleep, though he changed into his school clothes.
“Yeah, she said you’re a good matchmaker. You pushed John and Sherlock in the right direction, right?”
The day was coming to an end. The hot air was becoming colder and it lightly brushed over Cas’ skin. He could feel it, but it had no impact on him. A storm was brewing in the sky, hot and heavy, ready to rain on the dry land.
With furrowed brows he looked at the stack of newspapers that stood by the door. It was a mix of the Sun and the Daily Prophet, all issues from previous years, except for the very top one. Sherlock’s fingers wrapped around the thin paper sheets as he took it to the kitchen where the ceiling light was still on. He didn’t want to wake John up by flicking lights on in the living room anew. He threw the newspaper on the table, dancing to the fridge and he took out a whole milk. Sherlock poured himself a full glass, leaving the milk on the counter since he would refill it soon enough, and he skimmed through the news, his frown growing bigger as his eyes read on.
“So? What about your end of the deal?” the ghoul said, shyly, wringing its calloused hands in a repetitive motion. The other ghoul paid them no attention, sighing somewhat resignedly.
“You’re childish,” he told Irene, who threw her arms around his neck to hug him tight. “Do you think you’ll win me over by being adorably evil? Fine. But I’ll be grumpy about it.”
He was young, in his early thirties, but he already had grey hair infesting his temples, and he sported a messy stubble on his face which gave him a rather wild look. He downed the whole can and tossed it at the bin next to the TV before speaking. Sherlock noticed he stained his white shirt a little by drinking so fast.
“Ah, not really,” she waved a hand. She tried to be detached about it, but John saw through it. Something troubled her. “My sister is acting up again. Not something I want to be hearing tonight. Besides, this is too exciting for me to put it off!”
“No, Professor,” Harry answered, shrinking a tiny bit into himself, painfully aware everyone was watching him.
Sherlock watched her inch closer, and he saw her tail wag. A good sign, in his opinion. He tried to minimise himself; in times like these, he became hyper aware of his height and tried to mentally shrink so as not to seem too threatening. It worked, and the mother padded closer. It didn’t escape him that she slightly favoured her right hind leg over her left.
“Yep,” Sherlock nodded, looking anywhere but at John or the man that saved him with a fly swatter and rough language. “I should go, Mum said she wanted to call from wherever they are right now.”
“I made mistakes. I came to accept that everyone does. From humans to their creator, we’re all bound to make a mess at some point. What is important, though, is to learn from them, isn’t it?”
Sherlock pushed on John’s shoulders lightly, toppling them over, mouths on each other, John’s hands resting on his lower back. But as John’s own back hit the mattress, a startled squeak made them stop. Sherlock frowned, and John fished for the intruder: Archie the Unicorn.
Kate and her group of friends take John, Irene, and Sherlock out to investigate the allegedly haunted theatre across town. Supposedly, vampires live there. Or do they? John takes his chance and asks an important question. Also there’s Freddie Mercury.
“Sup. Wanna join?” Greg asked, not prying his eyes away from the television. There was an ad about llama milk and where to buy it (at the shop, duh), and then, shockingly enough, a scheduled program came on, twenty minutes late.
“It’s the principle of the thing, John!” Irene glared. “Do you know how you ignore certain things and then you notice them and suddenly you can’t
“Yes,” Mrs Hudson said, lifting an eyebrow at how much beauty stuff Kate wielded. “They’re in the living room. Do you want to have a look?”
“Yes, John, that will do,” said Sherlock flatly, chin resting on the tips of his long fingers. “I believe we should introduce ourselves first properly. I’m Sherlock Holmes, a consulting detective,” – the other man shrugged helplessly when the trio shot him a confused look – “and this is John Watson.”
Sherlock squinted at the boy next to him. Was he… flustered? Did he just see John blush? Interesting. “No-no-no,” he said, the left side of his lips tilting up. “You’ve begun it already. Out with it.”
"Sorry I'm late," he said, breathing heavily. John noticed how his left sleeve was dripping with water.
With a sigh he started packing, first heavy books and then clothes on top. Tomorrow, he would see John again.
Before John could ask another question as he tried to maintain a friendly atmosphere and amicable getting-to-know-each-other talk, Sherlock suddenly remembered that he left Mrs Hudson’s hammer and nails in the forest. The upkeeper was very clear about wanting these to come back to her, and he sure as hell picked up on the silent threat beneath the sugary smile of the adorable woman.
As soon as they were both, regrettably, dressed, they went to the kitchen. Grace and Redbeard were dozing under the table, both still exhausted from the day. John grabbed two cans of Lestrade’s sickly pink soda and gave one to Sherlock.
"Well, the whole House looked over the dungeons, but it's as if Lancelot just vanished into thin air," Jane said, picking at her food with a fork.
Irene allowed Kate to start the next round. The four of them were alone in the gift shop and the Shack today. Greg was dozing off in the living room and Mrs Hudson tended to her flower beds. Plus, not many tourists showed up, an unusual period of stillness and concord granting them the option to do whatever they pleased. In theory, this sounded amazing. In practise, this meant that Sherlock rearranged the shop’s merchandise into indexes he devised purely for the sole purpose of not succumbing to death by boredom, Irene and Kate played games or gossiped, and John tidied up, acting as the voice of reason if the three of them got petty. Currently, John turned his attention to dusting shelves above the cash register. There were two: one displaying figurines of Sascrotches, the other showing two aquarium bowls that housed drowned (or pickled), shriveled heads of unknown origin. The eyes were scratched out at least, diminishing their scary vibe by one unnerving quota.
Sherlock sighed and rubbed his face with the knuckles of his hands. There was no escape. Curse this. A more in-depth conversation with John Watson was inevitable, too. And worse, what if he turned out to be interesting and intelligent and even more captivating? That would be his utter defeat. That would mean that
The fact straightened Blake’s spine and he leaned closer to Harry. “What? Are you sure? How do you know?”
John patted Sherlock on the back, winking at him cheekily. In the half-darkness of the hallway it was hard to say if the tall boy in front of him blushed, but the smile he cast John was unmistakable.
"You didn't learn a thing, did you?" John laughed, but then he saw Sherlock was serious. "Oh god, okay. I'll worry about it in September."
and scooted closer to Sherlock. “I am with you, and you only. Maybe I shouldn’t have shown you the text but I didn’t want to hide it from you either. Mary can shove her cordial messages in that giant tent of hers.”
So yes, Irene will have to disappoint and break lots of hearts this summer. Horrible, she knew, but even the best in this field needed a gap year (okay, not a year - but a few months to gather her thoughts, perhaps?) and there wasn’t a better opportunity than precisely right now. And besides…. Was it even worth it? She did date a lot of people, and there was nothing wrong with that. But thinking back, it wasn’t fulfilling, was it? She met a lot of interesting people along the way, but she never felt anything stronger for any of her dates. Not even for Normandy, though they did step onto the ‘girlfriend’ territory quite quickly.
He could kick Cage in and let him burn. But. He had a real-ass katana. How can he get around and kick his sorry ass into the pit without sustaining serious injuries?
She let out a derisive snort. “Yeah, sure. If I listened to Sherlock and his bloody warning to keep my distance….”
They walked into History of Magic classroom where they were welcomed by the sobs of a Slytherin girl. Her friend from Hufflepuff who held her around the shoulders tried to cheer her up.
“Fuck this day, honestly,” Lestrade swore under his breath. Sherlock saw the moment when he gave up on the world -- when he braced himself and stepped into the mud anyway to get inside. He could’ve used the passenger’s seat but apparently that required too much effort.
“You threatened to glue us together if we didn’t confess this summer, you’re hardly one to complain,” Sherlock replied, flicking her in the ear. They got into a cat fight immediately, and Cas and John wisely kept their distance.
Well, four hours of sleep after a case he expected to crash after left him miraculously refreshed. Or perhaps not. His transport had tendencies to surprise him as he got older, much to his dislike. The crash can come later in the day, who knows?
He ran after Donovan, slithering through the narrow gap of the closing doors leading inside. Slightly out of breath, he made his way to her desk. She looked up at him, eyebrows arched in silent query.
“So handsome,” the woman said, and Sherlock let out an awkward laugh. How are you supposed to react to this? “No wonder Johnny fell for you. And you for him, ha! Cuties, the both of ya. Johnny had chubby cheeks when he was a lil’ kid. You’re all sharp but handsome, too. Take good care of Gregory’s boy, alright?”
“Can’t believe it till you see it, Carl,” John patted him on the back, reliving the memory of their first Divination lesson.
Night morphed into dawn, and dawn into morning. John’s digital clock sitting on the old nightstand displayed 7:12, the red colon punctuating every passing second by blinking in and out of perceivable existence. Outside, birds could be heard chirping, adding to the natural peace of the surrounding pine forest that shielded the Shack from the rest of Reichenbach Falls and the world.
Sherlock was forced to wander around the Shack for most of the afternoon, still in his pyjamas. He heard Irene rushing upstairs so loudly he had the whole upper floor mapped out just by the sounds of their creaky floor. When the digital clock in the shape of a racoon head striked four, Irene rushed to the ground floor, tying the sleeves of a pink hoodie around her waist. She loudly announced she is leaving to no one in particular ignoring Sherlock, and shut the door with a bang.
,” Donovan hissed, slamming both palms on the table. Sherlock stepped back instinctively, his defenses rebooting. “Whatever you’re about to say,
Sherlock’s head whipped around to see John and Irene waiting for him on the curb. He wasn’t sorry for any of the things he’s just said, but he could play coy in front of them if they chastised him. “Not good?”
Sherlock steepled his hands together and under his chin, dark curls falling over his forehead. He bent over in his waist to get a closer look, sniffing the pieces. John chuckled, leaning against the back of his chair. Watching Sherlock was always fascinating - the way he went about solving the smallest of problems to his perfect vision, the way he examined everything that took his interest…
“Eh, he was easy to trick,” the impostor said nonchalantly, casting Sherlock a thoughtful look. It was creepy how they were each other’s reflections and yet they weren’t aligned. Wait, didn’t that happen in some horror film too? “I kept telling him how he should be more confident and he still screwed up, so I decided to take my chance and show him how it’s done.”
“It is a peculiar situation we found ourselves in,” Dumbledore said after a while of thought. He spoke to everyone, serious and composed. “It seems, however, that we have no other choice than to accept it. Blake and Harry have both been chosen to compete, and they will do so, according to the rules.”
John felt his knees wobble, he and Sherlock were semi-crouching behind the suit of shiny armour and if he won’t be able to take a different stance
Irene explained what went down, her empathy growing bigger for Mike’s situation. Poor guy. His best friend was swooped from him
He waved at Carl, Greg and Jim who joined the two (Carl sat next to John and avoided Sherlock's eyes and Greg just put his legs up) while Jim had no problem plopping down next to Sherlock. He did a complete turn since when John last saw him in the Gryffindor Common Room. He gave the Ravenclaw a strange giddy look, Sherlock pretended not to have seen it (or he just spaced out).
“Aw, my little nephew is falling in love!” Greg cooed over him, making kissy noises John wanted to flick him in the ear for. “Sorry. Just kidding. But it’s about damn time one of you dorks noticed. You don’t have to worry. He’s head over heels for you as well.”
“Fucking hell, Mike. I spent the last few days analysing every interaction I have with Sherlock in order to see whether I should confess without making myself look like an overly confident idiot.”
“Roger that, mate!” Kate shouted back, eeking as the ladder shivered under her weight. Sherlock was on his feet sooner than he registered, instinct giving way as he slid on his knees to where Kate was standing, securing the ladder in place. “Oof! That was close. Thanks, Sherlock!”
“My, aren’t you interested? I know he had a magazine or two on military fashion, but…  You’ll have to find out on your own. Just not in the attic room, mind you.”
“Rather,” Cas said, fiddling with the cuff of his white shirt. “I… I would like to begin by saying I’m sorry.”
To Sherlock’s immaculate disappointment, the slight tent in his pyjamas didn’t wither. Treacherous, stupid body wanting to embarrass him. This keeps him from cuddling John! Maybe he could sneak out and have a cold shower. But what if John woke up alone and thought Sherlock didn’t want to be there with him? That can’t happen. Sherlock won’t allow John to doubt them.
A kiss on his arm. “I brought your food up. It’s warm,” Sherlock said, nuzzling closer. His long fingers traced his vertebrae, sending a pleasant shiver down his spine. His toes curled, but that still wasn’t enough to make him get up. “Do you want to eat cold food? I don’t think so.”
was going to call Sherlock names. He had brushed Wilkes and his stupid butthurt ass off the first time these two clashed, but not anymore. Irene had mentioned that Sherlock used to have a rough time back in London, especially in middle school and highschool, but how bad was the extent and impact it had on Sherlock? John probably rightfully suspected that Sherlock and his peers ventured beyond what could be called ‘friendly teasing’.
“Unfortunately not,” the Doctor and Donna said in unison. They exchanged a look. The Doctor spoke up. “Your town’s bigger than I’ve anticipated. There’s more than meets the eye, and a large number of anomalies have formed in places that are intertwined on an energetic level. I can’t rule out any of them, at least not right now while the Rift is still harbouring power from multiple sources.”
“Debatable,” Sherlock said, pecking John on the cheek. John smiled, ruffling Sherlock’s hair. “Tell Irene that t-shirt looks great. And that Davekat is canon. That should help.”
She added an octopal to it, and soon she was skipping towards the exit. Dean caught a glance of an action Nicolas Cage doll. The head was titled to the left, watching the cashier’s desk. Sam was looking at it too.
Greg suppressed a shiver. The air around him shifted, but nothing materialised in front of him. This can’t be good.
Ads cut in, leaving them on a cliffhanger before the big revelation and Greg and Irene both groaned, dissatisfied. Mrs Hudson was roused from her nap, straightening her back with a jolt of realisation that she should be going home. They bid her farewell as she grabbed her car keys.
“I didn’t forget.” John let his hands roam along the length of Sherlock’s back. “I just assumed you’d be on board.”
Irene danced and turned, waving in the sound waves and vibing to the rhythm of the song. People around grew agitated, clapping along and then Janine returned, trying to push Irene out of the limelight, but she didn’t budge. The girls circled closer, proud as peacocks to show off who had better feathers.
. I’ve never even thought about this. We could ask Bobby why that is, but if you ask me, some divine bullshit is going on.
Summer was over, but as much as he loved the free time, John found himself anticipating the new school year more than ever. He was eager to immerse himself in new knowledge and learn new spells and - see Sherlock again.
Part of that was the reason he distanced himself from Sherlock and focused himself on his studies. It was nothing but enforcing their defense mechanism. That wasn’t new. But the
Kate pleaded her right to throw a party at the Shack. John thinks it fits, Sherlock talks to a mirror, and Irene snatches a couple wigs in the process. The party is wild, and there’s rain. Lots of it. And smooches.
By the time the song finished, half the party jumped around like kangaroos on cocaine, synchronized under Irene’s leadership. Next up was a half an hour break, and seeing as the pairs Irene set up kept dancing well after the first part of the competition was over, she tiptoed over to the buffet. Thankfully, it was mostly deserted, save for her two favourite people: John and Sherlock.
Hello, people, unfortunately no bonus chapter because I barely delivered this one. I'm changing seminars to bio and chem, so I gotta study. Plus, I am pre-writing another fanfiction series that will start being published in September, promo will be published on my two tumblrs in August! My bff Bee even did fanart, but you'll have to wait a bit until we do the character calls, twelve more days from now! I am pretty excite about it y'all :) drop by when you have time to spare?
“God, I wish, darling,” Freddie said, his mustache tilting up as he grinned. He got the reference. “Just coincidence, really, the names and all. I knew they were cheating long before that. In fact, I planned on breaking it off that day. They kicked me out of my own. But I frightened them enough as it was, which I’m glad for. Imagine doing the do and you see me!”
mean what I said just now. The fact that you reference a webcomic you like doesn’t make your passion or associated memes any less valid, Irene.”
“No! Don’t. I don’t care. You’re sticking your nose into private business here. We’ve even had the FBI look into this to no avail, do you honestly think a university student can unravel clues from a two years old case? No, nobody is that good. You’ve done a good job with the local queries, I’ll give you that, but this? No. Don’t get your ego that high. Truth be told, I’d think you’re weird if it weren’t for your manners and you danced in here spilling information about Henry and me. No one solves cases
“Enjoying yourself, Greg?” Sally asked, taking a seat next to him. She, too, was equipped with martini, a tiny pink umbrella leaning on the glass rim.
“The very one!” Irene proclaimed happily. Dean smirked and let his gaze wander around until it rested on Cas who awkwardly stood next to John, unsure of what to do, even though the gratitude of seeing his friends unharmed almost had him vibrating on the spot.
John knew that would weigh things in favour of Sherlock joining, in the end. He watched him consider it, lips pouting. There was a spark John grew to recognise in the past two weeks. It meant that Sherlock, sensing the potential adventure, was definitely
A cliché sound of the bell ringing upon swinging the door open greeted them in an empty bakery. A slow day, then. Sam admired the healthy succulents hanging from pots near the windows. There were tiny paintings of nature and, presumably, the Reichenbach falls itself that were scattered around the walls. It was positively lovely. Even Cas enjoyed the sweet smells coming from the kitchen.
And despite him not wanting his mind to wander there, he again started thinking about their Slytherin friend, Draco Malfoy. Who knew what happened after their hurried escape from the Burrow? He could only hope he was alright. He wished for it, desperately, and he would do anything to be able to see him right now.
“Huh, interesting take. I never thought of it. I mean yeah, there are plot holes, and this is a major one, but you can always ignore it.”
Sherlock walked towards them, unaware of the wings in front of him. John’s eyes widened, but before he could warn Sherlock, the image of the wings faltered and he stepped through them, a mirage of no importance. John stared, mouth agape and forced himself to focus on the passed out John Doe. He’s hallucinating, there’s no other explanation for him seeing
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson,” Kate said, stepping aside to let the woman dust the shelves above them. She stood by in case she fell and could catch her in time.
“Not at all,” Sam said, his mouth flooding with saliva as she plated him the chocolaty goodness. He picked up his spoon and swallowed a bite. Oh God. Is this what home feels like? The chocolate was perfect and the consistency too. “This is amazing,” he blurted through a mouthful.
“Hm, let me see. Ah, how about that girl from two days ago to whom you said he can call you his dream girl and then you punched him in the shoulder, ‘jokingly’? Or the girl who was wearing that ‘Little Mermaid’ t-shirt and you asked her if she likes sushi because you do, too?”
“Did you think I’d miss the monstrous amount of sugar you dump in your coffee at every breakfast? Honestly, how you have any teeth left is beyond me.” Sherlock returned his smile, shyly, but the mood lightened at last. “You said you didn’t understand -- but what exactly?”
“Getting attached, are you?” John grinned and patted his cheek. “Relax. If they do get thirsty for a piece of me, I’ll run right back. I’m fast. Wait here.”
Said Doctor whipped his head around, as if cluelessly. “Why, yes! Or Time Lord. Depends who you ask. I have many titles. I guess a few assigned me a name stimming from a profanity; I’m not everyone’s biggest hero.”
He and John have closed up the gift shop and the Mystery Museum, banishing any and all lingering tourists. After that they fed the dogs and cleaned up (to Sherlock’s dismay) and
Mrs Hudson canted a hip and tapped a finger on her chin. “You mentioned writing a letter, I think that is a good preface,” she said. “When we were in Florida, he and… you know, his partner -- they travelled around a lot. I distinctly remember that when we were speaking at a café that Frank, my ex-husband, didn’t know I liked and frequented, Greg and his friend bickered about getting another postcard for his collection. I had a chance to see it years later when I started working here. He has it stored in his safe along with the Shack’s deed, I think. It’s a beautiful collection, but he doesn’t really look at it anymore.”
“Who screamed bloody murder?” Mrs Hudson asked, wiping her hands in her apron with palm trees. A concerned frown creased her artfully painted brows.
“They’re siblings,” Greg had said sometime in May during their call. As John grew up, Greg had taken to getting more involved in his life. Whether it was intentional or not, John was grateful either way, because Greg was there for him when his family became unbearable and generally unsupportive. “They’re from the UK, but they’re studying in Toronto like you. Maybe you’ve met them already?”
Florida blew out a breath and nodded. “Okay,” he drew out. “That’s manageable. But it’ll take weeks for me to get it.”
“Sherlock, right? Yeah, so, the Shack’s been here for decades,” Greg explained, gesturing with his hands in circles for emphasis. “You see, these woods around us and the town itself are full of mystery, or so people say…” He went on a lecture about the apparent magical lore of the town, boring Sherlock to death. “Anyway… How old are you again? Can’t remember ages for shit. Shit, sorry. I swear a lot.”
Mary walked over to Greg, who sighed, but let her speak her litany. “Can I talk to you about beavers?”
“Dreams vary,” he shrugged, walking towards the exit leading inside the inhabitable part of the Shack. His worn-out mood got the better of him. “Now go catch up on the lunch at Angelo’s. Imma go nap on the couch.”
As he turned around, he was greeted by the sight of Sherlock bending forward, his borrowed swimming trunks snugly wrapped around the round muscle and legs. John snapped out of it quickly, not wanting somebody to notice his staring, even though he’s allowed to. Additionally, he can’t get a boner
“Bossy,” John grumbled good-naturedly. He got them to the other side in one piece, each getting only minor scratches on the calfs or arms. He picked a good spot. They found themselves in a dark tunnel of sorts, plant roots sticking out of the ceiling like tentacles.
Seriously, though? Santa? Elves? Child trafficking? Those words whirled in front of Sherlock’s red vision, vengeance fueling his movements. On another note, it’s kind of brilliant. Is it brilliant? Why is it brilliant? It’s an obvious crime that can happen unknowingly in front of many without suspicion. Until they get caught. How do they manage for the children to stay quiet? Drugging them? Singing lullabies to them? Showing them puppies? He and Rosie have to have a debate about the ‘stranger danger’ eventually, as John had called it the other day, when she’s old enough to understand.
John laughed in earnest and kissed Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock in turn planted a kiss on John’s forehead. “Prick. Try sitting out morning trains. Actually, that’s impossible, because they’re fucking stuffed with people. I hated it. I still do.”
The young man in his grasp nodded fervently, the jingles dangling from his hat chiming into the rhythm. “Yeah! She and this guy stopped by for a bit, just to chat.”
At last when it was well past one o’clock, John decided it was time to go to sleep. Sherlock accompanied him as he stalked downstairs to the kitchen for a snack, Sherlock brushing his teeth in the meantime. He stopped by the door, asking one last time with a chocolate bar in his hand how Sherlock felt.
Seb took a sip from his margarita and gently put the glass down after a slow sip. The number of vampire intruders was six. Precisely what he needed. The second mystery journal was safe in his bag that hung over his shoulder. It was nearing midnight and half the pub was empty given that it was the middle of the week. In spite of this fact, the party was about to get started.
He bent his knee and bumped Sherlock’s side, his gaze unrelenting but soft. And John saw that smile tug at his lips! Ha. Then it changed into a more serious expression. “But I meant it, John. Your food’s getting cold. Get up.”
John sat up and scratched his temple. “I think it’s a good idea. I’m in, I want Greg to see that it’s a normal day and he can get presents outside of Christmas too.”
"He didn’t attack," John said and ran a hand through his hair. "Apparently Voldemort has an offer for us. To work for him or something. Don’t worry, we’d never do that."
Sherlock grunted unhappily, glaring at John and his mighty obtuseness. “Who do you think I am? A muggle magician performing street tricks?”
John choked and dropped his fork as he tried not to suffocate. Sherlock patted his back, hissing in sympathy and then he squinted at Irene. “Really? If you kill him, there’ll be no sex.”
“What do you want to do at the lake?” John asked, stretching in his chair. The hem of his t-shirt lifted and bared the skin on his stomach, and Sherlock’s own did a somersault.
an idiot! Should he call him, tell him what’s happened and figure out the next step? Surely John would like to be involved in a potential kidnapping case of
When he turned to face his reality again, the other Sherlock was walking towards the door, aiming it for the back porch. It started whistling a cheerful tune, not sparing him a second glance.
John called after their beloved landlady, voice still raspy with sleep, Sherlock stumbling on the doorframe as he nonverbally called for his wand. They flew down the stairs in a matter of milliseconds, wands ready.
Sherlock facepalmed so hard the sound drew the attention of their dogs. “Sherlock?” John asked, stepping closer. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s back, grounding him, but it wasn’t enough. “What’s wrong? Please don’t tell me you did a mould experiment that came to life.”
John missed the fooling around, but he and Greg still managed to find time for other leisurely, albeit questionably stupid activities. Yeah, that year when they prank called the neighbourhood and the police showed up… Well, it was definitely a lesson from life.
. He felt like a part of him that was missing for months was retrieved and safe with him again. Truth be told, he sensed that feeling the very first time he set eyes on Sherlock, but now they were a thing in reality.
“If he’s so vehement about avoiding it,” Sherlock said, taking the dogs to the front door, “then it’s possible he’d bail on the town as the clock would strike midnight. Don’t worry, he’ll get the present. And Mrs Hudson will make sure he opens it. She agreed to film his reaction.”
They managed to get inside among the first twenty people. John didn’t want to be exposed right in front of Mary, so he had them take a seat approximately in the middle of the rows of chairs. Minute by minute, the tent filled up by dozens of pairs of feet, shielding the Mystery Shack group from the prime view of the stage.
They walked, the thick air becoming more difficult to breathe in some places, namely those near small ponds that were scattered across the quiet island. It felt completely deserted. A thought that maybe the ghost of Gloria Scott wouldn’t be there during the day crossed Sherlock’s mind, but the author made no such observation. He trusted the journal. And, he trusted John completely and to some extent even the Winchester brothers, so he wasn’t the only insane person here.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” Irene told him, for all it was worth. He’s developed a bond with them too quickly. He claimed that he shielded himself from sentiment, but he fell harder and faster than most in reality.
John put on the boxers and some shorts he dug from his wardrobe -- beige in colour, and they had lots of pockets. He hung the towel on his chair to dry there and flopped back on his bed, shirtless. That felt better, refreshing. And even his pillow and mattress cooled down and provided a nice chill against his skin.
“I know! My words exactly. So, I told her Kate and I can help her. Makeup, flirting, anything. I mean, it would be unfair to herself to keep pining and never say a word. Better admit it and let it out than wonder about the what-ifs, especially since she gossiped in the same fashion about you two twats. At least she agreed to let us help.”
“Oh, what is it? You seem sorta mysterious to me, but you don’t seem like the type to be a secret agent.”
“What do you want here?” he asked, perplexed as per usual. Sherlock rolled his eyes, stepping aside to allow the idiot to pass and get lost.
No, in this regard, Greg outshone John’s father by hoops. His maturity was what guided John through his adolescence and teenage years as he tried to figure out how the situation at home impacted him, offering him a safe ground to stay on, even now. Greg never complained about what troubled him besides the bare minimum, and even that was largely connected to the Mystery Shack’s business or TV shows and cheap soap operas.
Hm. He supposed that he should not let his decision regarding Greg’s offer sit until the very last moment, but in the midst of his happiness he really had less than zero desire to think of it. But he had to. They’d been draining John for ages, his parents, come to think of it. And Greg was speaking the truth when he said that they cannot command him -- he’s an adult for God’s sake. And it’s not like he’s dependable on them, either, now that Greg offered his support. But on the other hand, he didn’t want Greg to think that he’s going to leech off of him…. Though, his grunkle wouldn’t ever think that, would he? They were close, the two of them. Thick as thieves. Greg favoured honesty and forthcoming attitude just like John, so he wouldn’t say what he doesn’t mean.
“And anyways,” he continued and a creak of a chair could be heard in the background, indicating he made himself more comfortable, “the journal isn’t decoded fully yet. There may be more in it than we realise, Miss Morstan. Or should I call you Agra? You kids and your nicknames! Funny.”
“The nails and hammer!” Sherlock almost shouted, startling John as he shot up to his feet, stumbling to the side as his blood pressure recalibrated itself inside that head of his. John caught him by the elbows to prevent him from falling, sending electricity and heat up his spine. Oh, that was… good. Their eyes met, brown with silvery blue and ecstatic. And there was the weird feeling of deja vu once again, a familiarity so comforting Sherlock wanted to curl into it like into a blanket and never let go.
“Cool, so we have the results,” Kate said, exhaling through her nose. There was mild -- no, concealed -- annoyance in her tone. “It’s Janine. Whoopty-doo. Pass the crown or something, Mrs Hudson.”
“Do you have any new experiments?” Mycroft continued, not hoping for an answer. All this small talk made his skin crawl, as it did Sherlock’s. But he cared, so he had to make an effort. Even if to alleviate some of Sherlock’s suspicions and doubts.
Treading up the concrete stairs into the police building, Sherlock caught a glimpse of Henry. The poor guy was performing a happy skippy dance for anyone interested, but people usually passed him. Sherlock’s mind read through the data he had on Henry: insufficient. What happened to him? If there was a way of helping him, Sherlock would do the best he could in order to help him return back to his old, usual and happy life. Another case!
Sherlock smiled, making a show out of drawing his right hand closer to the pupper in case it skittied away. It did eye the fleshy object, but the fries were remarkably more interesting, and it let itself be petted. Sherlock could tell that both dogs spent quite some time on the streets; the puppy’s coat was dusty just touching it, leaving a residue of dirt on Sherlock’s finger pads.
“It’s a possibility,” the Doctor replied, squinting up at the sky. At Sherlock’s and Irene’s question to elaborate, he said, “A fixed point in time cannot be altered by any means. History of such a capsule is immovable by any force. There’s very little room for exceptions, if at all.”
Mall’s giant lot. He ran his hand down the length of Sherlock’s thigh, spiking adrenaline in him at the unexpected, short notion, and he stepped out of the car. Sherlock closed his eyes, counted to five, and blew out a sharp breath. Cool. Whatever. Cas had already gotten out. He recited the periodic table in his head in order to make the beginnings of his very untimely boner disappear. John seemed unaware of his power over Sherlock’s biology, thank you very much.
“Good luck with that,” Sherlock puffed, snorting. He stretched his thin legs out between John’s with no regard for his space. The other three boys in their compartment fell asleep; Greg with his mouth open, Carl leaning on his shoulder groggily, and Jim curled up on his side next to Sherlock.
They were due for Potions and Charms essays. Sherlock enjoyed Snape’s classes tremendously, even though the Professor grew colder by the day. Especially Gryffindors were on the receiving end of his typical grumpiness - which meant they were easily targeted for being docked points. Ravenclaw and Hufflepuffs were spared of Snape’s wrath as long as they behaved, and Slytherins were put on a pedestal. All this disappointed John - shouldn’t the teaching staff be unsided?
“Sherlock?” John whispered, whipping his neck around, eyebrows hitched in concern. “What do we do now?”
The bed creaked as Irene’s weight dipped on the old mattress. Sherlock watched his sister untangle her dark hair from the fishtail braid Kate tied it into earlier, his own body fidgeting on the carpet.
One day after the party, Sherlock and John are the happiest they could be. Greg, however, needs a new TV. He gets arrested in the process, and Sherlock has the opportunity to show off his deduction game to Sally Donovan while Greg cools off in county jail. In the meantime, Irene and John get sidetracked to uncover the O’Leary’s family dirty secrets, but find much more than they bargained for…
“He got all teary eyed when he realised his Brooklyn Nine-Nine DVDs are signed by the actors,” she said, smirking. “That was a good choice. It took me ages to get that vintage Good Omens book for him. I’d say it was a job well done.”
"I'd guess Sherlock Holmes," John laughed and outstretched his hand to Greg. "I'm John Watson while we're at it."
Cas folded his arms and blinked. “I see. It allows humans to express themselves creatively and helps them come to terms with whatever they’re unhappy about by putting fictional characters in fake scenarios.”
“I dunno,” Cedric admitted, casting a look behind his shoulder, then at Blake. “Probably wait and see what happens and react accordingly. There’s no point in overthinking this.”
Sherlock was torn by the prospect of delaying his encounter with the dogs, but he swallowed and agreed to come help them. They all went to their respective positions and Irene feigned an innocent meet-up with Molly and Mike at the stall.
“John, stop being a stereotypical Canadian and go help Lestrade,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, nudging him towards the house.
“You’re less talkative than I expected. Tell me, what do you know about John? He’s our mutual interest. How was he as a child? Irredeemably cute, I bet. Baby fat got switched for muscles and sharper angles, but his are fuller than mine. John’s handsome, did you notice? And he’s my boyfriend. He likes me, can you believe that? Sometimes I still can’t. It’s like a fever dream I’m afraid I’ll wake up from and all this won’t be possible. Or maybe I’ll get my memory wiped, who knows? That’d be tragic, wouldn’t it? Fall in love, then forget it, but still be in their vicinity? Cruel. But thankfully that’s not possible, so we’re safe.”
Anyway, this is my romantic que to go and do my homework~ I have tests from chemistry and biology and russian (my 3rd lingo) seminars next week (+ slovak). I'm about to get my butt whooped! How are you all? I hope you all are good and healthy :)
“No,” he said, his brain catching up to present. “Why does the gardener notify you every time there’s a new delivery?”
Really, he didn’t understand what the fuss was about. Facing the facts was easier than lying to him that it would be 'alright', as that dorm-mate of John's was always telling him. Sherlock saw no use in it. Jim Moriarty was a scared child developing an inferiority complex, and he didn’t listen to anyone but his older sister, it was obvious. Powers was wasting his time, and John too by trying to scold Sherlock. Facts were never changing, emotions weren’t - and Sherlock will take the first over the latter any day.
“Relax, I’m just taking the piss,” he’d said in the car as he parked in the giant asphalt parking lot. Then he added, “Maybe,” when she had gotten out of the car first and John had lingered. At this point, he didn’t give a fuck. Pay or not, he wanted to find those stupid fucking boards and get the fuck back to the lame fucking funfair and kiss the shit out of Sherlock. He missed him, goddamnit!
“It’s pretty fucking creepy,” Irene commented as Sherlock read it out loud. John agreed. This was way more serious than he’d anticipated, but interesting all the same.
“But why?” asked Sherlock, brows furrowing. A droplet of sweat tickled at his temple as it rolled down.
“There is no ‘but’,” Irene said sternly. She stood up, putting on her sneakers. “Now do me a favour, go join John to scam the locals, and enjoy yourself. Alright?”
“I don’t give a damn about that wretched woman!” Cage yelled, voice high-pitched. John, Sherlock, and Irene collectively gasped, as did Will Smith.
"Well then I trust you to keep me safe. Mycroft you arrange it. Have him come over about three. John and I need some time together."
I waited until they had joined me before leading the two women to a blank wall and pushing on the paneling unveiling an elevator, “Ladies.” I said as I held the door open, discreetly checking out Molly as she entered, god what a stunning woman.
"He's going to be brought to the estate as soon as he's able to be moved. We have more than enough resources there to take proper care of him."
“Got it. Lock wake up, we need to get downstairs now.” Lestrade gently touched Sherlock's face, rousing him. He looked momentarily confused and slightly panicked before he realized where he was.
He eyed the silver haired man before speaking, "The day I jumped Moriarty had me cornered, three gun man trained on Mrs. Hudson, John and you. If I didn't jump in front of John's gunman then they were to kill you on site. That detective that quit with no notice two days after was the gunman assigned to you. Mrs. Hudson’s gunman gave himself up, and John's fled. I spent the last few months going all over the world to clean out the rest of Moriartys networks."
She looked back down at her phone for a moment, smiled and looked back to me, "From what they have said so far, they were contracted through a consulting criminal last year, they were placed on standby until the order was given to follow up and kill John Watson."
"That was partially your fault. You let Moran know you were still alive. And we had already stopped him earlier in the day. He had a bottle of pills from Tesco he was going to take. We removed them from him; he got angry in an ally and ran."
"It's an off chance but it is a chance. In the mean time we will be looking at other leads but for now it seems that he has managed to go to ground. And to keep you from going bored in your flat and keep you from attempting to escape I’m going to allow you access to the CCTV network to keep watch Sherlock. I want you to watch out for anything that you deem suspicious."
The door opened and two armed guards led us down to the doctor’s entrance where a sleek black car was waiting. Behind it was a black van, the driver was obviously military.
Sherlock glared at his brother searching his face looking for any hint of falsehood. He found none and threw himself into the wingback next to the fire.
“It’s alright Mycroft. This is what I want.” John wrapped an arm protectively around Sherlocks boney shoulders, “Besides your brother is waisting away he needs a doctors care.”
“He tried to kill himself”, snarled Sherlock as he paced in front of the fireplace, “Why, why didn’t you tell me when I first got back.”
"Beautiful." John ran his hands over the newly exposed flesh, creamy white and smooth. Sherlock let out a deep moan when John pressed down on his left nipple, bringing it to a stiff peak. He leaned down and licked just the tip, Sherlock bucked against John, moaning louder.
It’s been three days since your death. Three days that feels like an eternity. I don’t think I will be able to continue on. I am so mad at you. Why, why would you leave me like this? Didn’t I mean anything to you? They found his body of course and I can only presume that he was the cause of all of this pain. I hate him, hate him for taking the easy way out, hate him for what you did. I hate you both. Please just do one thing for me; please just stop this, just stop being dead. Please for me.
John smiled as he leaned down and placed his fingers at his opening, gently pushing in meeting little resistance.
I couldn't reply, my breathing was ragged, each lung full pure torture to pull in. The men walked quickly to the middle of the nearby bridge and heaved my body onto the railings.
I feel like my last few months have been a lie. Who am I kidding? I am not you. I will never be you and I will never be able to let it go. Everywhere I look I see you. You’re always in my peripheral vision. I want to see you for real I want to know where you have been, what Moriarty said to make you die.
The ledge was cold and hard, snow started to fall silently and swiftly. It was snowing the day he died too. I wonder if I will see him again. I wonder.
“There were gunmen trained on you, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and of course John. If he didn’t die then you were all to be killed. He needed to be free to move around to kill and neutralize the threats. Moriarty killed himself on that rooftop, taking away Sherlock's only chance at calling off the hits. So he had to die. We knew that was a high probability, so we had prepared. The homeless network has proven most useful, they caught him with a tarp, and bloodied him up, a simple ball in the armpit to cut off circulation. It worked, the gunman backed down. Sherlock was free to go around and hunt for the various networks of Moriarty, but somewhere along the line someone got tipped off, the hits were recalled, a colonel Sebastian Moran has reactivated them. What we can tell is that he and John knew each other at some point in Afghanistan and Moran holds a grudge against John. Sherlock found Moran earlier and injured him, unfortunately he got away.”
"Yes John. I've missed you so much. I'm so sorry for hurting you." Tears streamed down both mens faces. John started to shake and it was too much for Sherlock, he pulled John to his chest and held him tight, John held onto Sherlock tighter and just cried.
It had to be cold and rainy John thought as he was laying in the cold wet disease infested street, why couldn’t it be sunny and warm, oh well at least my Sherlock is holding me. Maybe i’ll live and we can move to the beach John thought before he passed out from the pain and shock.
‘Of course it’s bloody cold and raining, why wouldn’t it be. Oh no Sherlock couldn’t figure out where these dumb ass criminals were when it was warm and sunny could he? Nope he had to wait till it's fucking cold and pissing my shoulder off.’ John thought bitterly.
