“Maybe eat with your mouth closed? Maybe that would be a sound idea?”
They never did listen to the rest of that song. And Steve never learned what it was called.
He was guarded, still. He liked to remind Steve of all the horrible things he thought
And, no. He hadn’t seen Tony since the night in the woods. He’d been actively and successfully avoiding it, no gigs, changing his shifts so that he wouldn’t be working when the band was playing at Sharky’s. No parties, although nobody had really hosted anything since, and if they did, he always magicked up some excuse. (
“Wherrrr es Tony?” The shorter blonde slurred as Steve sat him on the bed, he was much tougher to budge and much more lean than he initially thought.
Steve thought to himself, yes, why would he be angry?
Steve felt thrilled by his movements the moment he set eyes on him, but it was his wicked smile that stopped him from looking away.
“There’s not much to say.” His shoulders were too wide for the gap he’d been allowed but neither of them seemed to mind.
“But what do
“Can I ask you something?” Said Steve, Sharon raised her brow ever so slightly but nodded as she drank. “You and me, we were… serious, right?”
“It’s like
“Yeah.”
It was a friend of a friend of a friend’s party, their team had just won some college basketball competition and decided to go all out. Steve didn’t really keep up with college sports lately besides football, mostly because he had to. He had too much to drink, that was for sure, trying to gain some courage so he could retain some dignity for when he saw Tony.
Steve sighed long, and hard, it didn’t seem real that Tony was stood there in his briefs, smiling at him and touching him. He’d lost his train of thought in his fingertips.
Steve had unwillingly stood up off of Tony’s bed and looked around the floor for his jacket, only to feel hot thin fingers around his wrist. Tony’s chin tilted up towards him, his dark and lovely eyes consuming all of Steve that was in front of him.
“Fine. Just for you.”
He knocked on the door first, Bucky stood behind him. His friend must’ve known he was nervous too, wrapping an arm around his shoulder after he knocked on the door.
“Okay. Four months.” Steve said in a shattered, quick breath.
His troubled face made him look even younger, comforting himself and Steve through their hands held together, but his eyes just asked;
The sounds he heard as he stepped down the corridor towards Tony and Tys apartment were... very different and much worse.
weird.” He looked away, but considering he couldn’t actually pull away from Steve, he swallowed, the lump in his throat constricting as he locked eyes with him once again. “When did you lose your virginity?” Asking with a sudden smirk.
Tony had mismatched red and blue socks, which were now floating beneath Ty’s chin, laying across Rhodey’s lap, taking claim to both of them.
“You told him and not me?” Rhodey interjected, still standing at the centre of the room between them all and directing his own glare at Tony, interrupting him once he tried to answer. “No, actually, I’m getting distracted from what we’re really here for. As most of you already know, today is a special anniversary.”
“Well then where do you wanna start?” He wrapped his scarred hands around Steve’s and pulled him around the room, he didn’t care that the curtains were open.
Steve made Tony a big breakfast in the morning, he was all packed with just the ‘essentials’: several band t shirts, a few nice dress shirts, pants, underwear, socks, his makeup and nail polish, phone charger, a kindle, which Steve didn’t think people actually used, a bottle of Gatorade and something from his mother that he kept in a box and wouldn’t let Steve see.
He’d managed to find a table in the best possible part of the bar, next to a wall so he wasn’t too close to the mayhem and the racket - despite its wooden surface being sticky, it didn’t bother him all that much.
He muttered a curse to himself, and hoped it wasn’t too loud. This cursed boner wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon.
“You’re an idiot.”
“Hm. This guy up here does really amazing pretzels. You want some? I’m gonna get some.”  His nose was a little red, his lips plump and a similar shade, what was the saying?
“A - a game? I thought you’d be tired of games after... um, what is it?”
Tony sent his address with a magnifying glass emoji.
“You look cozy.”
rooftop and making it theirs.
He texted Rhodey, unsure as to whether Tony and Natasha had made up and not wanting that to impact his plan. He asked Rhodey to send a text to Tony when he was ready, with some random but casual lure like “Hey I went up on your roof to smoke when I was over and now I can’t find my ID??? Can you go check for me?”
The city seemed awfully quiet, silence between like a thread pulling, wanting to break. And both of them knew that was the end of it. But Steve had one more secret, one he was begging and urging to say, looking at Tony, he knew he finally had a reason to keep going on.
“Oh hey... Ty...” He looked over the blond standing outside the door, he was muscular but still lean, in gym attire but Steve knew they hadn’t exactly been exercising in the traditional sense. “I came to drop something off, I thought nobody was home.” A translucent lie, but it was better than ‘I heard someone getting railed and ran away’.
They shared one more familiar smile, Steve taking himself and his bag and saying goodbye to his little room he’d grown so accustomed to. He never thought he’d so quickly go back into a life of room hopping and not knowing where he was going to be staying every month. But now, he wasn’t a kid, now, he was with Tony.
“I’m gonna go find a table and get a drink!” He patted his friends shoulder, and was grabbed around the wrist at his attempt to walk away.
“Hey. Man, I’m goin’ out, text me if you need anything.” Buck had only just got back to the dorm, only to change his jacket from a thin navy bomber jacket to a thicker green raincoat.
“You’re terrible at acting, too.” The shorter one added.
Clenching his jaw, Steve tried to stay composed. Try not to overreact over what he’d just heard, if he’d heard him right at all.
Tony didn’t react, he didn’t move, he didn’t even breathe until Steve pulled away, his breath hitching in his throat, staring at Steve with parted lips like he’d just committed a grievous offence, his skin beginning to match the same shade of pink on his lips. Steve was sure he probably looked about the same shade.
“I told him I’d take it last night so he could give it a whirl you know and now I feel bad but I don’t have time.”
It wasn’t insensitive, maybe he had a habit of saying things he shouldn’t, annoying or repulsing people until they left him alone. That was his game all along but Steve wouldn’t buy into it.
“Becky???”
Steve grinned without realising that he was. “Yeah, something awful like that.” Glancing over Tony’s shoulder at the window behind him, only able to see a tall streetlamp shining yellow into the frame. “It’s getting late, maybe I should go.” He wouldn’t be able to put into words how reluctant he was to say that, how much he wanted to stay with Tony all night, curled around him and listening to him speak. But he didn’t want to seem…
“I’m glad you enjoyed it from your lonely table.” She smiled, and glanced at where he had been sitting at something, although the didn’t follow her eyes.
“Cmon buddy.”
“I think I know what they mean when they say artists are all messed up.”
And although he loved the noise that came with Tony, he was glad when he was able to join the band and Tony’s friends in the lounge away from everyone else and not be asked if he was gay by random girls with nose piercings. The last time he was here with everyone, Tony was sat with Ty, but on this night, Tony walked into the room holding Steve’s hand, bracing him and himself for what everyone would say while equally not giving a single toasted shit.
Knowing he was the only one who could see Tonys rage, his hidden sense of heartbreak - Maybe that was egotistical, his friends knew him longer than he had, but he knew Tony had let him see
So as the band played, and Steve blurred out the shouting/singing, occasionally glancing through the bodies to find Bucky, who must’ve bumped into someone he knew it was feeling friendly, since he’d started dancing/jumping with a brunette around his height - Steve (roughly) sketched Tony, and the rest of the band, obviously, and the bar, and the people, not just a stranger, that would be weird.
“I’ve never left the country.”
A simple nod, when Rhodes pulled away. A shrug in his shoulders that caused Natasha to drop her hand.
Sharon was good at making herself look much more put together than you.
then.”
“You just wanted to feel something, right?”
He managed to splash his way above water with minimal panic, not taking away from the complete
Tony. Lost, betrayed, Tony - who had only ever been lied to his whole life, so much that he’d mastered the art himself.
“Alright. Hooo, okay.” Tony swallowed so hard that Steve could hear, the embers in the fire quietened, the wildlife and the wind silenced just for them as they sat closely with their heads tight together. Steve listened, thinking that he didn’t appreciate how lovely Tony looked up close the last time they did this.
“Uhh...”
“Fuck you Tony. Hi Steve.”
“I’m guessing this must be important?” She had to stand on her tiptoes to talk into his ear, or else he wouldn’t be able to hear her.
“Hmmm. Maybe.”
“Uh… Yeah, sure, what’s up?” Looking up from his phone and proceeding to shove it  into his pocket. Implying he was ready to listen. He was good at listening when he knew it was going to be something serious.
Feeling awkward being the only person sitting down and having nothing to do with his hands but pick up his drink and put it back down again, Steve decided to root through his bag and pull out his sketchbook. Figuring that was less weird than sitting alone in an insanely crowded bar with live music.
Heads down. Don’t look at him. Like shunning, isn’t that an Amish thing? They were all apparently and effectively shunning him, Steve and Rhodey were the only ones who made an effort to at least look at him in mild disgust.
he felt, enough to distract him from how the water was almost like ice.
What Steve loved the most, really, was learning new things about Tony every day. There was something so endearing about his quiet days, when he just wanted to read and create, floating off into his own little world of wires and spanners and robots, sitting on his living room floor, singing to himself in a jokey-deep voice and asking Steve to lift heavy things for him without admitting it was because he couldn’t. On those cold afternoons Steve could just sit there and draw the view from Tony’s apartment, and his lips and eyes and the way his hands looked while he was fiddling around with a motherboard, red and green wire wrapped around his fingers delicately.
Mostly quiet in comfortable silence, watching more and more critters hop around the moonlit pond, buzzing around their heads as the flame not burned on.
Images flashed through his head. Tony on his back, flushed pink in the face, his cheeks. Tony on his hands, on his knees. The sounds he made, the-
“I don’t know you.” He shrugged his shoulders, and hoped Ty wasn’t listening.
“I enjoyed it.” He admitted with a shy smile.
They drank quietly for a moment. There was a student playing the piano in the corner of the store, some of his friends recording him, most people chatting loudly with their friends as if there was nothing else to listen to but each other.
“You sure like that word. Fine, whatever, jeez you oughta go home and see your kids
She kissed him. He didn’t know how, or why, or when, it happened, but it did.
“Well can you think about it inside by the radiator?”
he thought.
But despite everything, nothing made him happier than seeing him perform. The first time he ever saw Tony he was at this same bar, smashing his sticks on his drums making noise, he was always making noise. Yet, above everything, he was proud, proud to see him thrive, glowing in the darkest and dimmest pub lights, proud that he got to hold him at night when no one else in this dingy place did.
start feeling himself.
“Do I know him?”
“Sorry!”
“Guess I’m just gonna have to make out with Tony.” Bucky quipped.
Steve stood up off of the wall.
“Oh?” Attempting not to sound too interested in the fact.
Steve took a bite as they began their stroll. They were ‘good’ at best, but he didn’t have the heart to tell him that they weren’t the greatest thing he’d ever consumed or something. So he just nodded and smiled when Tony looked at him for a confirmation.
guy…”
“I’m guessing she told you.” Steve looked at the ground like a dog that just got caught peeing on the carpet.
“That would look cool, actually. But you’ll never get a tear out of me Rogers. Nobody makes me
“You first.”
“And the other nights?” Tony then smirked, and raised an eyebrow towards Steve, the blonds mouth fell open, feeling as though he’d been caught doing some terrible heinous act. “I’ve seen you around, shame you never try and talk.”
“Where are you going? We’re doing flip cup.”
“Just do it.”
His crush was turning out to be a bigger problem than he needed. Dealing with college was problem enough - now he had this stupid crush on a pretty boy who had a pretty (shady) boyfriend and it was beginning to ruin his life.
Steve must have been looking at Bucky more intensely than he had meant to, although Steve had been told before that he can be intense sometimes. It was mostly due to the fact he was trying to think of what to say to him. Bucky was, or hopefully still is his best friend, he betrayed him, and his trust in him. Steve never thought he was that kind of person but the last year had been a true ode to self-reflection.
Fortunately, Bucky didn’t seem too interested where Steve was going once a week, and it’s not his football teammates ever invited him out, so for the next few weeks he went alone after college to see the band, because he liked rock music. That was the only reason. Obviously.
Bucky saw himself out, Tony sitting meekly back at the table, Steve’s sketchbook in front of him. He debated whether to look through it, but that internal argument only lasted mere seconds.
“Jesus, Tony. What the hell was that about?” Exhausted, he sighed, he ought to go to the gym more if he was gonna have to do this regularly, he didn’t realise having a one sided crush on Tony Stark meant getting a free workout after you’ve already had three beers and poked at a plate of nachos. They had made it about four blocks away from the bar, on a crowded street lit up from brick to brick, bodegas and strip clubs and a food van in the middle of the sidewalk.
“Um. I don’t play anything.”
“Ha-ha.” He didn’t seem too pleased about Tonys comment but extended his arm for Steve to shake his hand, which he not so delicately accepted. “Hi.”
“Okay, Tony!”
Bucky gave him an obvious glare, to which Steve shrugged, ignorantly, all though he knew what he was about to ask.
“That’s me. The other one.” Steve repeated, a little self-deprecating.
” Tony mumbled under his breath and began kicking his shoes off, rubbing the heel against the edge of the stone to slide them off his feet and kick them to the dirt.
The constant reminder that he would probably never have the privilege of being touched and admired by Tony Stark again.
“Okay. Please. Whatever you’re having.”
“Ouch! Anyway, don’t get lost!”
Tony’s lips quivered, back and forth, Steve wasn’t sure what that meant and then – then he burst into laughter. Like – the hardest he’d ever seen Tony laugh before. He was wrenching over his gut with laughter, and Steve managed a few light chuckles to conceal his blush.
It was that weird sensation when you’ve never heard of anything or anyone before, and the moment you do, like the moment he first saw Tony, all of a sudden everywhere you go, whenever you go online all you see and hear is that thing.
A part of him felt guilty for expecting any different.
in the crowd. Tony seemed engaged in conversation already, but Steve didn’t quite catch what they were speaking about, because he went quiet when he saw Steve.
As long as he was there, chasing him, even in a never ending loop and kaleidoscope of colours,  then he had a reason to keep fighting. He knew it then, Tony was his reason to fight.
hello everyone! Finally decided this work will be 5 chapters, 4th will be the final concluding chapter and the 5th an epilogue of sorts. Thank you for reading, leaving comments/kudos etc again really means a lot to me and encourages me to keep writing! hope u all enjoy <3
“Yeah they didn’t really have party games at the uh - group home.”
He tried to reason it to himself, maybe he got lost, maybe Tony went to the wrong bus station? No, he wasn’t wrong. Perhaps he did chicken out.
He opened his palm like a clam, instead of a pearl it was a small gold coin, with an engraved triangle and a ‘6’ inside it, bronze letters on each side of the triangle that read unity, service and another word that stood out particularly among the others - Recovery.
“Really? Thought I was a little heavy handed.”
“Being perfect is overrated. And, I’m clearly the closest thing you can get to perfection.”
“What –“
He put it in his left ear, as Tony placed the other in his own right ear.
“How about we don’t talk about that? Thanks.” Tony huffed, immediately shifting uncomfortably where he sat at the mention of his father.
It didn’t feel good at all, it felt terrible, he almost second guessed even turning up so he wouldn’t have to face it but he didn’t want to be a coward. Especially not in the face of someone like Ty (who, by the way, didn’t turn up to the show).
“How do you know Ty?”
“No, scram.”
“Well yeah I’m just… thinking.”
“No.”
“I want to do this right.” Steve said softly, pulling away from Tony’s lips that he’d kissed raw.
“Don’t mention it.” He flicked his cigarette to the ground and turned towards the door.
Sharon smiled at Steve, holding a floral pink and blue coffee cup with a sticker on it for the boxing club.
And. He was close. Very close. “You’re very to close to me.”
“I’m kidding, of course… Uhm. Who ‘woulda thought? Me, being straight edge. I mean, I don’t smoke, I don’t get high, I don’t drink. Who am I anymore? I don’t even know why you guys wanna hang out with me I’m so… boring.” He drifted off into a laugh.
“Lucky isn’t a word I’d use to describe myself... I’m sorry.”
“We got games.” Raising a persuasive brow, he stopped and looked at Steve, who, without thinking, let out a chuckle.
“What happened?” Steve whispered, without realising, his thumb traced along the edge of the scar, Tony didn’t seem to mind.
Tony was messy, but in an organised way. He kept places that needed to be clean, like the kitchen and the bathroom, neat and tidy unless he was experimenting with something as basic as an omelette in an attempt to make Steve breakfast one morning and somehow ending up with a plate of onions and eggs all over the wall. There were piles of… Steve didn’t know what in random places around his apartment, but he knew where everything was when he needed it and didn’t appreciate it when people misplaced a piece of mess from one of his piles of messes.
“Yeah! He was at the party too but he was with his boyfriend or somethin’ the whole time! I didn’t really get to speak to him!” Bucky was shoved closer to him by the bumping crowd, causing his lips to press against his ear for a brief moment and making him shiver. “She told me he left home to go live with him, he’s - You know that guy who owns that big science company?! It’s called Stark!”
“Oh, so you did hear me.”
Hopefully Tony would realise, hopefully he wouldn’t just shut up and take it, live his life away from that asshole and let him -
“No. No I don’t think so.” His voice was breathless, he wobbled on his feet like the wind was ready to knock him over, there was something not quite right about the way he looked. Steve stood too, met his shaken glance from the other side of the sidewalk.
“This is my place.” He strode along the concrete floor, all the way to edge. Effortlessly,
“I was just looking for the bathroom. And some… quiet. Guess you’re doing the same.” Steve said with a polite smile.
Steve laughed naturally for the first time in weeks, almost immediately forgetting about the looming awkwardness-ghost in the hallway with them. Tony had that effect on him, and the exact opposite on a lot of other people. The ability to make people want to hug him or hit him after one or two meticulously thought out sentences.
A breath of laughter before Steve debated whether to move in first. Initial tenseness with each inch they became closer.
Steve wasn’t any better, unfortunately.
The end, it was Tony, of course, a sunset, or a fire, Tony couldn’t tell, around his beaming face, it was different somehow to the others, Tony stood out amongst all the colour, the red and the orange, the burning yellow.
“Okay. If I tell you… Will you promise not to be weird about it?”
Steve did take Tony to the movies to see something called
“I’m sorry, Tony, I- “
He stopped. Smiling down at Steve.
“You- you are an a- an asshole!” Treading the water to stay warm beneath it, scorning a sour face up at him.
Tony had stopped in front of the food truck, that only sold pretzels and churros (but they were out). Pretzels weren’t really something he’d go for if he wanted a late night snack, neither did anyone but Tony apparently, because there was nobody lining up for a salty pretzel in a dodgy neighbourhood at 11:32pm.
The local theatre they were playing at was only a block away from the bar Steve worked. Yes, maybe he did try extra hard to convince his manager to let the band hire out the place for their friends, maybe he did really enjoy the look on Tonys face when Steve told him he did it. But he was just being nice.
Tony shuffled a little bit more, glancing down at Steves lips a little shyly before letting his forehead fall on Steves.
Steve looked at his lips, the subtle curl on them, some blue glitter glazing his upper lip.
The two of them caught up outside of his dorm, Tony looking more frazzled than before.
And then Tony turned around and ran in the other direction, he gave him whiplash as he took off so suddenly, ripping the air or any possibility of a word from his mouth.
The table they were seated at was slightly too small, round, cheap and metal, they sat across from one another on equally uncomfortable plastic seats.
Like nobody was watching, slowly moving his hips, bopping his head. The song was
“Oh.” He said aloud. Tony was just quiet, digging into Steves palms to take it back into his own hands. Steve wondered why Tony had decided to share that with him, him of all people? Not that he should hide it, or be ashamed, because he should be proud, Steve was proud, and he wanted to hold him. But he shouldn’t think like that.
There was something on Steve’s face that genuinely made his friend believe in him.
Fuck Ty.
“Wanted to know where all my bruises came from.” Steves expression changed, he almost
Their feet danced around each other tentatively, like they were scared to separate for even a second. Steve looked back as he headed towards Tony’s apartment, and Tony looked back too. God, he could’ve flown to Tony’s apartment at this rate.
“Why?” Tony asked suddenly, a half smile masking his question as a light-hearted joke. “Why do you even like me?” He looked at the floor, embarrassed, ashamed, Steve couldn’t be sure because Tony was trying to play it off as if he really wasn’t that bothered.
“Steven.” Tony had his back to him, while Steve had done his best to press his own back as close to the wall as possible, but there was still some inevitable touching. In his half-sleep state Tony’s quiet and croaky voice didn’t immediately register to him, among other things.
It suddenly dawned on him. Tony. Natasha. He’d been making out with Natasha -
It wasn’t that Steve didn’t like going out or he didn’t have a particular fondness for large, aggressive crowds or that he didn’t like the ambience of the bar, you know, who cares if he may get stabbed at any moment? No, it wasn’t any of that, he just didn’t want to go out that night, and he didn’t like the music, and he didn’t like how that boy on the drums made him feel.
Steve thought.
His hand stayed there for slightly too long, brown eyes following his face for a reaction, positive or negative – but he pulled away before he could get one, and Steve refused to let the delicacy of his fingers make him shiver.
“Haaaaaaa. Dumbass. Alright, so, I think we should just stay under here and never show our faces to the world ever again. Sound good?”
“I had a feeling you’d follow me. You have a tendency of doing that.” He dipped his head up with a smile, warm and inviting, and familiar with each tentative step Steve made towards him, leaves crackling beneath his shoes like the distant fire. “Just as well, it’s probably more fun to look at this with someone else.”
“Tony, you don’t actually have t-“
“Hey. Steve?”
“Okay, slight problem.” Tony began, sighing and giving side eyes to pedestrians who walked too close to him. “I forgot that uhh… Gift, from my mom. I think I must’ve left it on the night table, I thought I packed it.”
Tony paused again, his eyes darting around the floor looking for an answer.
Steve thought about how good it would be right now to punch him closed fist, right on the nose, and watch him hit the ground. His fist tightened, but he wouldn’t do it. As easy as it would be, oh yeah, he could take Ty, for sure.
Tony immediately jumped out of his seat, taking the coin from Rhodey with care, studying it carefully between the tips of his fingers. The funny thing about Tony, was that if that had been a Nobel Peace Prize, he wouldn’t look at it twice, it would end up in the bottom of a box of random junk in a storage cupboard never to be seen again. But this - Steve could see that Tony was struggling to come up with something witty to say at the sight of it.
“This is why I didn’t want to talk inside! Look, you cannot tell Natasha, or anyone for that matter. He made it very clear that it was a one-time thing a-and he wasn’t interested in me in that way. That’s why I’ve been so weird. Ty can’t know. I don’t trust him, Buck, I don’t.”
“OH. UH. I’m sorry.”  He shifted, uncomfortably, onto his back, so his shoulder was digging into Tony’s back but, that was better than, you know.
Was it wrong Steve was kind of enjoying it?
“Tony you’re… You’re sure about this aren’t you?” Steve asked in a quiet voice from across the table.
Tony looked between them both, vitriol has spun from his tongue and suddenly Steve noticed a small tear smudge at the corner of the eye. Which was the moment he took off down the stairs, not giving either of them any mind, any more.
“I never used the word chubby.”
“Um. Yes.”
Rhodey resumed to the fire, but something persuaded Steve to look back too, after him, something tickling, no, scratching at the back of his neck, the feeling deafened anything James was saying to him now.
“I think you’re supposed to wrap it around my shoulders, like in the movies?” A hint of a smile tugged at the corner of Tonys mouth, quirking as if he were forcing it away.
“Sure hope you didn’t come out here to lecture me or talk shit or just generally be an ass.”
Coincidentally he also sucked at small talk and social chatter so after he watched Bucky delve into the horrendous depths of cheering and the sound of
Tony paused for a moment that felt like a lifetime. Glossy eyes staring widely at Steve, so much doubt, so much pain.
“Not anymore. But, you see to be doing alright with Natasha. I don’t imagine she was giving you vocal lessons.”
Tony mimicked him, laughing softly as he shuffled on his bottom closer to Steve. “Well, that is my job. Most of the time.”
“Guess we missed the party.” Tony hummed, stepping over Thor and Bruce as he made his way to the centre of the living room. “Ah. We didn’t play Twister.” Studying the box and shaking it as he picked it up from the coffee table, pushing aside empty cups and tissues and candy wrappers.
“Sorry Brian!” Tony mimicked back and laughed harder, grinning wide and bright at Steve to the point his tongue would peek through his teeth, and it made him feel so warm and so thankful that he would thought he would enjoy his new persona as The Most Infamous Pretzel Thief on this side of Shady Neighbourhood, NY ™.
“That’s pretty straight forward, I’m just thinking isn’t there any more practical way we can like... link togethe-“
Did you just take me off speaker? Well tell him I’ll call him Howard all I want it’s his name isn’t it? What’s he gonna do? I’m not there. Alright, alright I’m sorry I’ll stop... Oh are you sure
Objective, he was being objective. If you care about someone, you should maybe do something when someone is treating them like garbage. If he had just pretended he hadn’t seen or heard anything, what would he be? A coward, and he wouldn’t deserve to be close to Tony. And really, as much as he hated it, that’s all he wanted.
- but he couldn’t say that, because everyone in that conversation
So yeah, maybe Ty and Tony had some weird Blood Brothers shit going on, but Ty was taking advantage of it, and if you’re going to use a symbol of unity and trust that’s supposed to last for a lifetime, don’t cut the palm of your hand. Because it will fade.
“You never wanna admit that I might have a good idea every so often, do you?” Steve said fondly as he shifted his whole body to face Tony.
“How personal can we get?” He asked, hoping it would distract him.
“I brought Twister.” Bucky held up the box, shaking it back and forth.
“Busy standing around eavesdropping? You’re turning out to be a lot nosier than I thought.” Raising an eyebrow, there was another crash coming from the living room, catching their attention at the same time. Too bad it wasn’t enough to distract Tony from how strange Steve looked then.
Tony would cling to the only thing he had left of Steve. He didn’t know when he’d return, if ever. But he’d bind his love to the pages, and close to black leather cover on it. For as long as he needed to.
. “So, Steve Rogers, what brings you here, other than... doodling?”
Bucky stood as he noticed, he looked at the look on Tony’s face in the same way someone does at a car crash they’ve driven by.
“Ugh. Drop the protective hero act for a moment Steve. I’m not here to see Tony. I wanted to talk to you.” Ty had changed, he looked older, less boyish and daring like he had the last time Steve saw him, his eyes were darker, his clothes weren’t ironed and pristine as they always were. Steve just cursed internally.
He looked down at Tony, his cold nose and red hair. Images of him smiling and free playing back in a loop, over and over again.
“No! Shh! He’s in the kitchen. This is the
The door, Tony, Tony…
They stood and stared for awhile, the cars skirting past in the night and faceless people walking around them like they were magnetised. It was weird, and scary, and kind of awkward, but in Tonys deep brown eyes, that had turned to pitch in the moonlight, Steve had felt something in his gut that was unlike anything familiar to him. Unlike how he felt when he first saw Tony, when he confused and thrilled, now, there was that, and the undeniable uncertainty that this may be the beginning of something he’d never truly expected, and that he didn’t know what he was bargaining for, but he was grateful for the chance - for the unpredictable.
Steve made a similar face back at Tony. “Sure.”
He felt pathetic trying to explain himself, the look Bucky gave him only added to that, that look that says
The last remnants of Summer had finally faded into new Autumn. Steve still didn’t know why Natasha and Clint decided to go camping just as the air got colder and the wind… windier. His invitation came in the form of a text from Tony to Bucky, which was unsettling and depressing.
Bucky slung his whole weight on Steve as he hugged him suddenly, shouting in his ear over Natasha’s belting and cramming his drink against his chest. “I LOVE YOU, STEVE!”
Tony made an err like a broken computer and just ran away from Steve and to his drum kit like a hamster burrowing in its nest. Steve suddenly felt very aware of himself.
He could run, alright, but what from?
The door shook, more like banged, locked into place.
He stopped on the sidewalk, facing the road, his hand gently on the tip of Tony’s elbow, bony, even wrapped in Steve’s jacket. So, Tony stopped with him, looking as confused at the sudden touch as Steve was at having made it.
“Hey.” Finally, with enough courage to speak into the cold evening. Feeling warmer at the sight of
’ The dark of his eyes said. ‘
The abrupt sound of Tonys chair scraping back definitely had the most effect. Passing by his partner as if he were a ghost.
He smiled when Tony did, because that’s when he thought he’d be allowed, that he hadn’t said anything too inappropriate. It was taboo, wasn’t it, to announce in a room full of people to a stranger that you’re a recovering alcoholic, but Tony did, to him, and it was fine, nobody died, and Steve felt slightly honoured to know that about Tony. He also felt honoured that he’d been allowed to make Tony smile the way that he did.
“Right, yeah. I’m just… Wondering where it went wrong.”
Until Tony got a text.
One night, though, Tony was wearing glittery blue eyeshadow, and Steve didn’t know how to act. He wasn’t used to boys wearing makeup, or nail polish, except for pictures on the internet - and he could imagine how his peers would probably poke fun or be mean purely because they didn’t understand, even if that was the reason, he couldn’t stand ignorance and he couldn’t stand bullies, it’s just some paint and some glitter, right?
They spent about fifteen minutes reading through the instructions, well, Tony did, because the English instructions had been torn out, so he read from the Italian pages. Then Steve learnt that Tony speaks two other languages - to which it occurred to him that maybe he could get to know Tony himself.
There wasn’t a particular reason Steve had never watched that kind of porn before, he was busy, he had a roommate, who was also his best friend, he also would not want to be caught watching big giant hairy dudes bone in the bed right next to him.
“I guess, I would understand if you did. But why?”
Was this Tonys idea of fun?
“I’m sorry.” His tone didn’t suggest it, his voice flat and a smile on his lips. And then his hand was on Steves thigh, grasped around the damp splotch on his knee.
“No.” He admitted, sitting up in bed, it wouldn’t creak because the mattress was as hard as a rock. “Don’t you have that creative writing class Friday mornings?”
Nat had her hand on Tonys shoulder while Rhodey whispered in his ear.
“Am I wrong?”
“Excuse m- Oh, hey.”
“I didn’t think anything could overwhelm you.” Steve realised how naïve he sounded, but it was true, he’d seen Natasha scream into a mic for an hour straight and then proceed to chug beer while Rhodey and Thor held her upside down, and return to her feet as if it was natural to her, wearing a cool smile and making men and women tear their hearts out.
There was a brown welcome mat outside that read ‘NICE UNDERWEAR’ in big black letters. If he wasn’t so tense he might’ve laughed.
Colours began to infuse into the pages, scribbles around Tonys head like some sort of wreath, or a halo, every single page he turned to, was different, blue, green, his eyes, his mouth, his smile, scratched into the page in pencil over his head over and over again:
“Oh, hi.” He smiled, quickly as he could, avoiding looking at Tony as he approached him, leaning on the wall next to him. He offered Steve a cigarette to which he politely declined before lighting his own. “Set was good tonight.”
“Yeah?” He said a little breathlessly.
“Oh, you’re here, thought you were too busy making out with everybody’s favourite golden-boy. So. Is he any good?”
Steve didn’t hesitate. He didn’t need to.
“I was just drawing what I saw... NOT that you’re chubby or anything.”
Steve was done here, done with this. He turned his back on Ty, towards the front door, to Tony.
“Steve?”
Steve didn’t sleep all night. Because he was thinking of Tony.
The look on Tony’s face sobered him up faster than any amount of sleep or coffee ever could.
Steve also didn’t much use social media, he just didn’t care for it, but Facebook was a god send for finding local gigs for an obviously-not-specific college rock band (Tonys band was called The Avengers - a little cliche but it had a nice ring to it).
With that smug, arrogant, know-it-all smile he adored and hated.
“Ty isn’t good for me. Is he?”
“FUCK, FUCK, FUCK MOTHERFUCKING BITCH ON A TRISCUIT!!!!”
“Really?” Tony tilted his head. “I’m offering you Italy or France and you wanna go see Abe Lincoln?”
(...)
He wondered how many times they’d do this. In the cold. On the sidewalk. On a rooftop. Staring, quiet, sharing the silence like the words were on an untouchable thread in the night air. They either had really bad communication skills or it was a
Then he did. It was what he imagined battery acid tasted like. Not even that bad, just, sugar, lots of sugar.
“It wasn’t because of that.” His voice low and begrudging, looking down at Tonys thigh. “What about you then? Who’s you ‘lose it’ to?”
“Oh.” He finally announced. “Come on Bruce, lets take you into a different room and leave these two in peace.”
Tony smiled, letting himself into the room and shutting the door behind him, gliding around the room with ease and making it his own, maybe to make himself more comfortable in the situation. “Well I didn’t mean to interrupt you and the other Village People but I had a free period and decided to stop by.”
Maybe all they were meant to be was a temporary happiness, maybe they were never meant to be anything more than a one night stand in the woods and a few late nights of deep conversations, prodding at one another’s souls but never to get any further within.
“Cool.” His long haired friend sighed as he handed Steve his drink. “You doing okay?”
Ty opened his eyes for a moment, but Steve was, he saw him looking at Steve over Tonys shoulder before he pulled him into their room, shutting the door, filling him with bile.
For some unexplainable reason, there was one member in particular who caught Steves eye, unable to turn away even as he spoke to his friend, who was attempting to nod his head in time to the beating of the rock music.
Hi everyone! just a few notes:
And that time it felt good.
“Last time I spoke to you, you were with your... friend.”
“I know how to do it myself.” Tony grumbled, quietly, but with adamance in his voice, but flinched, as Thor rumbled into him, slapping a hard hand onto his shoulder, hulking tall over Tony with a warm smile that detracted from his otherwise intimidating appearance.
“Why wouldn’t it be?” He sighed, screwing the cloth up into a loose ball and dropping it by the sink beneath the bar. “I’ve been normal. Just because I don’t wanna go to some stupid party and drink cheap beer with people who don’t really like me doesn’t mean anything is wrong.”
wanted), but he wouldn’t know, because Tony dove underneath the covers, pulling the sheet over his head and ripping the wire out of both of their ears – he made some disturbed, disgusted noise before he did it.
“Tony.”
Tony nodded in the direction of the van.
“I think i’m an addict because of my dad. You know, genetics and inheritance and all that. It’s
“You?” Innocently sipping at his drink.
“Really?” Steve interjected, as they made the transaction.
Each touch was frenzied, Tony on his back although vulnerable grabbing at the bottom of Steve’s shirt, working it up his body until Steve helped him, pulling it up over his head.
“I don’t want you to go home either.”
“It’s freezing. But. That doesn’t matter…” He glanced behind him, and then at himself. “How about I just fight you instead?”
He interrupted Steve before a protest could escape his lips.
“Drink?” He said, like a conclusion.
The screams roared louder, more intense, their friends shouting surprised and unexpected
with them you knooow? Not good enough for him. Not even you. Only me.”
“Umm. Good, yeah. Gosh, it feels like it’s been forever.” She looked unbelievably pretty, even though she’d cut her hair to her shoulders it suited her just like anything did. “What about you?” He remembered was the polite thing to say back.
“Fuck you.” Tony smiled back, a distant and sad smile, his gaze trailing off beside him into the pit.
“‘M hungry, why, not happy to see me?”
“Do you want these? I’m uh... ‘Tryna quit.”
He felt pretty good, he shaved, changed out of his pyjamas, all in time for the chorus of Chaka Khan’s
Tony bundled out of the bathroom, the sleeve of his tank top hanging off of his shoulder, he had a couple short jagged scars there that he hadn’t noticed before, just like everything else about Tony he’d never seemed to notice until now.
“Are they for Nat?”
He swallowed and forgot all rational choice, his body giving in to the game.
As they got closer, Bucky didn’t need to stand on his toes to see the band, Steve didn’t need to or want to anyway - but curiously glanced over the heads to see the band members.
“T- Tony.” Steve stuttered as he scrambled to turn the music off, red as a beet. He stood up straight like nothing had happened, crossing his arms and clearing his throat one two many times. “What – uh – What are you doing here?”
“We are here tonight to celebrate Mr Tony Stark. The one and only, the man, the myth, the chaotic, queer mess – for one year of sobriety.”
“We’ve all been there.” Wally grovelled from the darkness.
“The night is still young. This is Steeeeve.” He chimed, and then the rude one finally acknowledged Steves existence. “Steve, this is Ty. My groupie.”
And then it occurred to Steve in that moment - Was it all an act? Was any of it real?
His smile didn’t falter, he didn’t even flinch or move away, he just gently shrugged his shoulders and looked in his eyes through thick curled lashes.
“So, what have you been up to?” Asked Sharon before taking a sip of her drink.
This was bad, real bad, he wasn’t supposed to have known any of this.
“That’s Thor.
He swore he’d heard a song about this before, two people, at a party, a boy and a girl but that wasn’t important. Both of them had too much to say and no way to say it, internal regrets and unshared trauma, dancing around each other until one of them twirls into the arms of someone else and it’s too late.
“I don’t think Tonys ever touched a dish in his life.” Nat smirked, and a few of them laughed.
“Well you would, wouldn’t you? After all you
“Can’t you just - you know - give it to him at the party?”
“That sounds... Intense.”
“Uh, like, Rhodey and... Natasha and... they all care about you - uh,” He was sick of watching Tony freeze, so he shrugged off his jacket and handed it to him before he could protest.
Steve smiled nonchalantly, enjoying Tony’s face twist from indignation to confusion to a challenging glare.
Unfortunately, Tony didn’t text him until a week later. He tried not to feel disappointed, why would Tony have any need to text him anyway?
“Really?! Uh, who’s the boy- the boyfriend? Is it that guy on the bass?”
The last time he actually spoke to Tony, a part from just watching from behind the bar while he performed, Steve had existentially embarrassed himself in front of his (
Steve wondered when he’d become such a coward. Hiding from conflict.
“19. You?”
“Nah, I’m okay. Full up on burgers from earlier. And uhh, I’m sure Bruce wanted to have a word with you about that sausage you gave him.”
She smiled at him in her usual way, obviously picking up on his not so subtle attempt to ask her why she was hiding in an empty bedroom.
Nice in the most literal sense. A little awkward, polite, okay looking, just, nice. Steve had had a ‘nice’ conversation with her about some tv shows that he was never going to watch until they both came to the conclusion that Bucky and her friend were not going to come back and neither of them had anything in common so she too left Steve at the 50s themed diner which he didn’t really mind, they had caramel-oreo milkshakes and he liked the music.
“But – uhh, I don’t need it anymore. I’m… I’m happy. That’s what it’s about right? I guess I’m excited about what the future holds. So… Peace.” He held up two fingers, partially smiling as he waited for the expected applause. Steve clapped too, and welcomed the slightly flushed Tony into his arms for a hug as he hurried back, clutching the coin in the palm of his hand, refusing to open it like he was ashamed for anyone else to see him treasuring it.
“It was just sex.” He shrugged unconvincingly, his voice shattering into charred pieces as he spoke.
“Steve, we both moved on before we even broke up. It’s fine.”
Steve had, as gently and non-brutishly as he possibly could, grabbed Tony by the wrist and yanked him into the water.
He thought it was better if he just didn’t talk anymore. He’d already seen how much good that did.
“So, this is a thing?” James Rhodes looked at Tony with a raised brow, and Steve didn’t know if he was teasing or concerned. “I mean… You ‘coulda just announced it on Instagram or Facebook like a normal couple.”
“Exactly, nothing to be ashamed about pal.” Tony patted Steve on the back, and out of instinct, Steve immediately shrugged him away - for some reason it brought to his attention that it was the first time that Tony had explicitly touched him, he’d already gotten wind that he wasn't much of a hugger or generally overt in showing affection (not that he really paid that much attention but it always looked like Ty did all the touching during their usually scheduled acts of PDA) so it stood out to him more than it should, and it showed on Tonys face too. It also didn’t help that he’d rather not have any sort of conversation with him about boners and or if his works or not because, trust him, it did, especially with Tony in the equation but that for that he
“Tony asked?” Coughing into his fist, which didn’t help to make him seem any less awkward.
“Oh! Okay!”
Maybe it didn’t phase him anymore, maybe it never did.
“Let’s see, I quit gymnastics. But I got a grant for my research and I started teaching a self-defence class on the weekends, so, things are coming together.”
“Sure. Okay.”
! Thank you! I promise I’ll make it up to you.” He nodded assuredly at Steve before shoving a spoonful of soggy cereal into his mouth.
“You dress well Jock Oreo.”
we are not good people - bloc party
you used to say(holy fuck) - the front bottoms
He had that smug look on his face he always did, no, of course that hadn’t changed. Steve knew what he was trying to do, and he wouldn’t but into it. No matter how much the words stung.
“You need to get laid, man.” Bucky chimed.
“Why the roof?”
Tony didn’t tell Steve about anything special about today. He wished he was more prepared.
And you don’t even know when you’ll be back? How are you going to get by?”
-Was Tony’s response as he rose to the top. Splashing and thrashing around exaggeratively although he had no trouble swimming.
Later on, that night, as he expected, it was a big turn-out. Friday night, everyone was wasted, except for Steve, who didn’t drink with Tony because he knew he wouldn’t.
Steve almost laughed, settled for squinting incredulously instead, glancing down at the smile teasing the edge of his slightly chapped lips. “I have just opened my eyes and you are already making fun of me?”
slash ‘
Tony went to the bathroom. This was his moment.
With that, Steve realised he’d had enough, and he wasn’t going to enjoy the music no matter how hard he tried and - trust him - he was trying.
When he let go, pulled away, swung his legs over the edge and began walking back towards the door, it was like a switch had been flicked. Vulnerable, open Tony was a brief privilege he’d been allowed and he didn’t know when he’d get to see him again.
He learnt about Tony’s relationship with his father. In the little that Tony told him the weight of his sunken eyes when he spoke told him all he needed to know. He also learnt about a man called Obadiah, a family friend who worked very closely with Howard Stark, he gave Tony money when he needed it after his dad cut him off. He didn’t say much else about it.
“Hi.”
He thought maybe Tony was trying to test how long he could keep up with him for. How long it would take for him to annoy Steve into submission.
Tony smiled. And Steve smiled back. It felt as though everything Steve had ever imagined was beautiful in the universe had landed at his feet, and it was overwhelming, and amazing. And he’d never wanted the future more.
“He’s comin’. Don’t worry.”
“What are you doing?” Steve asked with a laugh in his voice.
He could definitely get used to months of this, Tony, travelling and laughing, maybe bickering every now and again. Just the two of them against the world.
“You’re right. He’s not. Do whatever you want with him. I don’t care.”
Maybe this was exactly what he wanted, this would skip all the awkward phases and small talk and general social things that he was objectively terrible at.
“My mother died of pneumonia. You’re really lucky Tony.”
“Well. Hope you all enjoyed the show.”
“You’re a dork, Steve.”
Until they pulled one another into a hug. A real tight hug, old friends saying their goodbyes, neither of them knowing when they’d meet again.
“Oh, me too. Damn.”
“Ah, you heard that? I hoped you wouldn’t, didn’t wanna boost your ego anymore.”
“Really? Drunk Bruce is a whole new level of whiney. I liked it better when he didn’t speak.”
Oh God, what had he done?
“I mean... It doesn’t seem like anyone’s in any rush.”
“I was waiting to see when you’d tell me yourself, if ever.”
“Well sorry, I didn’t know you were
Tonys eyes grew and shrunk again and again as he looked at Steve, as if he was trying to say what his words quite couldn’t.
“Ty isn’t invited.”
A few days had passed in complete silence. No one had heard anything, and everyone assumed the worst.
“Yeah, my family weren’t exactly the type to play games or anything.”
reasoning went from ‘Who doesn’t want guaranteed validation?’ (Tony) to ‘Fuck yeah Georginos breadsticks are next level’ (Clint) so it was really fair game.
“Honestly, we all just put up with him. I don’t wanna shut Tony out, annoying as he is sometimes.” As much as Rhodey attempted to distance himself, Steve could hear the love in his voice. Maybe it was due to the fact that he didn’t know Steve very well, that he didn’t truly reveal himself, even when he turned around to look for, or out for, his friend, who was now kicking around leaves and branches around him.
“I was young, and you’re here, right? You don’t need to be sorry.”
Like the news had just washed over him, as if it was nothing, as if it was just a fable or a made up tale.
Steve was thankful that Bucky thought he was thinking about his interests, and not his own. And was even more thankful about that second piece of information, the warm pang of relief in his stomach suggested.
At least it couldn’t get worse than that, right?
“Alright, uhh, you’re meeting Rhodey aren’t you?”
He dug into his pocket, pulling out a crumpled carton of cigarettes, expecting him to pull one out, instead he offered the box to the man.
“Oh okay. What now?”
“And maybe you should stop wearing that God awful cologne sugarbear. It’s not impressing anybody. Least of all me.” Tony seeded, as his head fell on his friends shoulder.
But Tony caught up with him, surely. Closing the door on Ty and everything else weird he felt in that room, looking onto the living room, filled with laughs and drinks held in the air, spilling over the rims. Nat, Thor and Bucky had ended up dancing in a weird lonely line, but they looked happy.
“What did I just say about the questions? Yeah… You do.”
“Okay then. Come here. We’ll play a game.” Tony scooted across the wall, his hip touching Steves, he had to grip onto the edge for support, maybe the shock from Tony touching him might knock him backwards and fall down eight floors, it was cold.
Tony had probably been on a million trips in his life, Steve had seen pictures of him in Paris, India, Thailand, Milan, Greece. Why was he so excited to go to Washington, with him nonetheless – it could’ve been that this trip didn’t come with a return ticket. Steve was certainly scared and excited about that part.
“Oh, gotcha. Well he’s not the first man to try and explore those troubled waters. We’ll see how that goes.” He mumbled. “Weren’t into the show, then?” Steve didn’t think his opinion mattered to his person, but maybe it did.
“Bye!” Steve blurted out as he was halfway out of the door, his brain was still processing the words Tony had spoke to him.
The brunet blinked, trying to make sense of everything in his head.
“Eat shit.” He replied.
He had to hop on a bus, but he made it to Tony’s apartment in due time. He knew Tony wouldn’t have made a fuss if it held no significance, he was the type who could replace anything. But this obviously was priceless to him. Steve knew the only two people he could never replace were James Rhodes, and Maria Stark.
Considering how overly and unexpectedly supportive Bucky was. He could at least owe him that. Maybe seeing Tony would be a good thing, give him closure of some sort.
“Aw! Man! Screw you! Alright, I’m gonna go find me-lady…”
“I’ve known him since elementary school. He was my best friend, like hardcore best friends. One time in seventh grade we cut our hands and smushed them together to show we were connected - my dad went nuts. We didn’t really talk when I left for college but he does business, and we needed someone to help with the band if we were gonna be serious. Things were just... different than before.”
“Wait,” He held onto her arm loosely as she turned back towards the crowd. “Shouldn’t I tell him myself? I was the one who was actually there, he would believe it then, right?”
He told himself he was, because of how much he really wanted to knock Ty out until he wasn’t so pretty anymore, so he wouldn’t be such an objective piece of human garbage.
“Hi.” Steve smiled, politely. Receiving another disapproving nod in return.
“I can’t believe you’re actually doing this. What about your classes? I mean you got a full ride scholarship those don’t exactly come around so often.” He whined, looking at Tony he was the evil stepmother who took his dad away – not on purpose, but he couldn’t help it with the shock of Steve leaving.
He had to accept it. No matter how horrible it felt.
“I don’t think I should say.”
He devised a plan. He’d be romantic, or at least try.
“Please
He shouldn’t be listening to this.
, should’ve never said anyth-“
Bucky nodded.
“Oh – I’m sorry.” Steve said out of habit, feeling drunker than he thought he was and stuck in the crack of the door wondering whether it was okay to stay or to go.
He turned to Bucky with his unsure, angled expression, and Bucky looked back with a wide grin, Steve wondered if they were listening to the same thing, because his friend was clearly having a better time than he was.
Stark squinted, his plump pink lips pursed together, looking up at Steve interrogatively - his mind went blank, trying to think of what to say because
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.”
Tony appeared, not moments after, laughing and obviously not afraid to stare at the large wet stain on Steves crotch as he was desperately rubbing it with a cloth, the first thing he said to him being
“What do you want me to say? You know I never have fun at those things anyway. I’ve really got stuff to do tonight, I can’t.” Smearing a damp cloth across the bar for the 500th time that night, void of anything else to do, he lifted up Bucky’s textbook as he did without his saying so, earning an irritated eyebrow-frown.
“Oh… Nothing in particular. Just wanted to let you know how your existence has been an insufferable parasite stuck on my life. And I think the same for Tony, and all your little friends.”
Tony had stopped in his tracks when he saw everyone congregated outside of the bathroom, pretending to be looking at their phones or one another, but Tony wasn’t that stupid, evident by his scoff and sad, bitter smile.
Steve wondered if that was really how Tony saw him, and himself. Because if that was Tony’s analogy, then it would make Steve the hero of the story, the peak of human perfection protagonist who wards off Tony, the misunderstood, despicable monster that hides from the world in shame. But that wasn’t true at all, at least not in Steve’s eyes. Tony had his flaws, his past, but that didn’t take away from the fact that Steve had been hopelessly crushing over a boy in a committed relationship and hoped to God it would end so he might have the chance of being able to kiss him without it being awkward and feeling guilty.
“So you’re gonna ask her out, huh?”
“Right now? At this very second?”
“Yeah and how’d you gather that from her tongue in your mouth?” He looked as though he regretted it as soon as he said it, an out of character, annoyed and subconscious thought that had somehow managed to spill out of his mouth and make Steve feel even worse. “’Sorry.” He muttered.
He ignored him, or he didn’t hear, he didn’t stop running.
That was not what he was expecting.
There was another swing, and the blue wallpaper faded into grey, into ash, the flick of Tony’s cigarette.
“Um. I only really draw for fun, doesn’t mean I’m any good at it-“
“You should probably talk to him.” Rhodey nailed sarcastically, before turning away to continue his conversation with Natasha again, deciding the
lonely boy goes to a rave - teen suicide
They had a plan, it was 1:25pm by the time they made it to Steve’s apartment, Tony sprawled across his bed as he packed, talking endlessly. They needed enough time to make it to the bus station, and for Tony to say goodbye to Rhodey in person. He texted everyone else, but Rhodey wouldn’t have it. Steve knew he’d see Bucky in the apartment, who sat on his bed with a grumpy look on his face.
Because people often said that your bedroom represents who you are, what you like, your soul and spirit. But that wasn’t true for him at all, and he knew it wasn’t true for Tony, so it was refreshing, although he wondered why it was so bare.
“What? No, no I wasn’t uh, listening to you on the phone if that’s what you think – I’m waiting for the bathroom.”
“Get over it, darling. Steve, go with Nat and Rhodey, I promise they won’t eat you.” He placed a hand on Steves back, gently pushing him in the direction of the couch. Ideally, he would’ve sat with Tony and not Tonys fuckwit boyfriend who has only been rude to him for no apparent reason but, he’d deal. Tony found a large glass filled with what must’ve been somebodies glass of water and placed the flowers inside, ignoring the stare we was getting from Ty.
. What about some drawing?
. Okay, what is it, 5$ for five?”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
- He went back and forth, but by then it had been too long to reply without it being obvious he’d struggled thinking of a response. He subtly asked Bucky, and told him he was talking to a girl, to which he was informed that sometimes ‘reading and ignoring’ makes them more interested. He didn’t ask for his logic, or how he knew that, and accepted it before he ended up sending Tony a stupid picture or something else embarrassing.
Sometimes he wished he could go back to simpler times when the only parties he ever went to were late night study sessions with some people from his chem class, who would bring cases full of beer to build morale or something. It was simpler, and quieter, with a lot less drama and a lot less angst that made him think
“You know, when I asked Tony why he was with him, he told me about how he bumped into him on a bad night and that they had this history but… I still don’t understand.”
A part of Steve wanted to say: ‘
“Hi Wally. How’s things?”
Tony laughed a real childish laugh, it was almost a giggle. Steve looked up from hiding his face in shame just to be sure, Tony had never made a noise like that around him before.
The regret rose up out of him, a weight off of his shoulders, so light that he let himself laugh with Tony. Tony didn’t make him feel ashamed, and he felt like he could cry.
In one quick movement, his thumb swiped across his lip, cupping the side of his chin, Tony standing on the tips of his toes and pressing his lips against his. Kissing him.
) crush by knocking an entire glass of coke down his jeans which were thankfully already dark blue. He was pretty certain that Ty had somehow staged the whole thing, he came over to the table to talk to himself, Bucky and Bruce after the show (he often stood alone at the sidelines watching, probably feeling too important for everyone else) and somehow the glass fell off the table as he turned and walked away.
“Do I have to?” Steve sighed.
Tony chuckled, and began tip toeing across smooth rocks, Steve, walking beside him on the ground, they were almost the same height that way. “Oh, you are melodramatic sometimes. No, of course not. Just… Being a tadpole. But really, I’m interested.”
“Really?” Rhodey asked.
Tony only ever spoke about his father on the roof.
Every ounce of hope in his gut sunk into the acid in his stomach into nothing. The worst of it being that he knew he had no right to feel that way, Tony had known Ty his whole life, Tony had met Steve three times.
“I’ll let you two love birds have some privacy.” A rather scattered Tony interjected as he slipped between them, and stepping out of their quaint shared bedroom.
“Mmmmhh?” He grumbled, tiredly, morning not quite settling in.
“What do you mean? He seems very stable and well-hinged.” Steve said dryly.
He was kissing him hard and confused, riled up and smooth all at once.
There are probably worse ways to distract yourself, might as well distract someone else.
“Oh, I-“
“First off, that’s unnecessary. And… Why don’t we try that game o’ yours again?” Tony seemed to perk up at that, ever so slightly.
Steve paused almost immediately, his hand on the bar ended up slipping, his pinky knocking over Bucky’s empty beer bottle – quickly grabbing it before it toppled onto the ground. Unsurprisingly, his friend gave him a suspicious look.
Not exactly what he was expecting. Was Tony implying something?
friends were looking at them with expectant eyes as they sat on one of the patched-work couches
For a cosy ‘nice side of town’ apartment the walls must’ve been incredibly thin, either that or the -
“It’s… It’s kinda like…”
Everyone turned to the sudden shouting, and loud bustling, only to see Tony, pushing the coffee table against the tv stand, placing himself in the space he’d created with his hands on his hips.
At least Bucky was off to a good start, at least Natasha was single.
“Oh, Obie’s in town? He’s ther- no, no don’t put him on the phone. I gotta go. Really- I.” Steve watched as Tony’s fist clenched and released, sprawling into the air as his words slowly formed together. He remembered the name. “Can you tell him I’ve gotta study this week so I can’t see him? Okay.. Okay I love you too. Okay bye mom.”
Tony stared back at him for a moment before his head fell, biting his lip. “Yeah, I can tell.” Then he smiled back at Steve and it made his stomach do weird things. “Because you say things like ‘I’m not very punk rock’.”
“Yeah well you dated Sharon and she was way hotter than you! But… she makes me feel cool. The other night we went on a date and just drank beer and threw knives at trees.” He peered past Steve at the bright red wall in thought, crossing his arms over his chest. Trying to remember the last time Bucky was this worked up over a girl… He couldn’t, it was unusual. He almost wished he had it so simple.
“Maybe I’ll give it a try.”
“Well…” Bucky began, shifting in his seat and putting his beer on the coffee table. Trying to gain the attention of everyone in the room, and by his demeanour perhaps he wanted the drunk college kids in the rest of the bar to listen to what he was about to say. “I guess now’s as good a time as any.”
“Then tell me something Rogers. What makes you happy?”
Steve paused, feeling as though his words, the slight shake of his hand might betray him at any moment.
But he didn’t say anything.
“Hello sunshine, did you forget we had a date?” Tony’s enigmatic voice beamed from behind him. “Well, I’d do the same if I had a chance to sit with such a pretty lady – Hi, I’m Tony.” He flashed her a flirtatious smile as he leaned over Steve’s shoulder to shake her hand.
wanna do? Like your hopes and dreams and stuff?” Nat leaned closer to Steve, he tried to think.
“Thank you.”
Anyways - Steve thought that this particular night, he’d bring Tony flowers, because that’s what you do for people who perform right? You bring them flowers as a way of saying ‘I’m proud of you!’ - wait, that’s too forward, more like ‘you’re a star and I admire you!’ - sure, whatever. Steve kept telling himself it wasn’t a romantic gesture at all and he was just being nice, after all, most of the gigs didn’t require a ticket and they relied from profits from the bar sales that night.
Steve began to think.
Of course, he didn’t think anything of it, Tony was the type to leave the TV on when he left the house, and assuming Tony didn’t think he would ever come back to this apartment, he didn’t really care if his flat screen or any other valuables were stolen.
“I’m not even gonna pretend I know what that means.” He returned a smile as he followed Tony into his apartment - pondering how anyone could afford an apartment in Boston with no job considering they’d graduate from college soon, but then he remembered who Tony was, and how Ty might not have such a different background either.
Tonys palm opened out for him, a faint scar etched diagonally into his palm, he wouldn’t allow Steve to have a very good look at it, balling his hand up into a closeted and tight fist again.
Steve forgot that Tony saved his name on his phone as
“You know what, this might be hard for you to hear, but he doesn’t belong to you! He’s not yours Tony! Get over it!”
“We weren’t a good match… I guess I should have listened to what you said.” He spoke reluctantly, unwilling to admit it. “And that… what happened, with us, you know… In the woods. It wasn’t just
It was wrong. It was invasive, he knew that, he did it anyway. He’d hurt Tony and for some reason been proud of him for admitting it.
Several hours passed each and every day with Steve Rogers staring out of his window watching the trees shed their leaves and their orange and brown spines being crunched beneath students passing by with no idea that he was looking down at them. He didn’t go out. He didn’t want to draw, or read, didn’t want to partake in any childish games the guys were executing in his dorm.
The boy on the drums. That one. Tony Stark. Sitting on the stool where he had been sitting. Holding
“Hmmm…” Tony stopped, his shoes making a thump as he monumented himself on the stone. “Maybe we ran away together with no trace, to somewhere where nobody knew who we were and obviously the mystery of our disappearance would be talked about on the news and on Youtube videos for the rest of time because we are just
Stripping and bearing themselves down to nothing, into the ground, the warmth of their bodies together standing up against the cold, hot moans burning up into the night sky. Steve told him, he’d never been with another guy before, Tony said it was okay. And it was, it was more than okay.
“Yeah, good plan. Maybe I’ll get you something too while we’re at it.” His smile at her was friendly and familiar although they were practically strangers, and she was agreeable with him, curling her lips at Steve before leading his friend away. He followed, of course, not before giving Steve a hopeful wink as he followed her pointed footsteps.
“To mark the occasion, I have been given permission to award Tony – This.” He pulled out a gold coin from his pocket, virtually identical to the one Tony had shown him months before.
“And what did Steve think of your little spectacle?” Natasha smiled from the opposite couch; Steve took note of the fact that she was sat next to Bucky. And that her and Tony had since resolved their little ‘tiff’.
“She was nice!”
“Speaking of, thats Bruce over there. But he won’t speak to you until he’s got a couple shots in him. Or unless you’re Thor. He’s got a massive hard on for-“
Steve spent the rest of the day trying to deal with the events of that morning. Smiling, then confusion, confused smiling. Wondering why Tony would have lied to him in the woods and why he said what he did at the party.
“Sharon.” She smiled, obviously confused and slightly amused.
“Oh, you like the sound of that don’t you?
He’d also gotten so used to Tony and his friend’s genre of music that hearing anything else sounded wrong, and generally didn’t put him in a good mood.
“Well I’m honoured.”
He decided to look for a bathroom upstairs.
“Same old. You still hang around with Buck?”
“No. We’re only scratching the surface.”
“You’ve got Natasha now, I’m sure she’ll take care of you. Or whip you into shape.” Steve smiled back.
He’d brought sunflowers, because they looked like stars.
It was Ty, in the door, with someone else, someone who wasn’t Tony.
The image of the slim brown haired actor on his back was quickly fading from the back of his mind. Until he had a harrowing thought.
“Pleeeeeease? You don’t have to stay and talk to him?” That sounded like an okay enough plan. In and out, clean and simple. A lot less dirty than that sounds.
The boy that he was talking about was in fact the drummer, a pale looking brunet, his hair damp, matted and curled on his forehead and blank lining his big, wet, excitable eyes. The tank top he wore exposing his toned arms which glistened with sweat under the broken, dim yellow bar light.
’ look, if only he knew that Steve wasn’t worried about talking to this girl despite how pretty she was.
When he did realise, and wanted to put his books and pencils away before he
She sat up straight, and turned to him.
“You could say that.”
And anal, too. He imagined that was also a very strange sensation.
“Mhm.” Some of the strange liquid split over the rim of the red cup as Tony leant over to set it down on the coffee table, so he could begin digging into his back pocket - Steve just waited eagerly for what he was about to present him, still afraid to touch his drink that was bubbling like something gross in a bayou in Florida.
“They Tony’s friends so I - I
“Well... I...”
Steve sat between Natasha and Rhodey, who gave him surprisingly welcoming smiles - that didn’t stop him from feeling completely out of place. From his clothes to just... everything about him, these weren’t the kind of people he usually had to spend time with, he was used to douchey incestuous jock clones (apart from Bucky), so in actual fact, it was refreshing.
There was silence for a moment, well, not silence, the music continued to boom through the house but Natasha’s silence was so alarming that Steve stepped out into the hallway.
“Of course not.”
“Okay. Okay. This is orange juice, Kool Aid, blue Monster, a dash of lemonade and I threw a lime in there too so it looks fancy.”
“Sure, I haven’t got any lectures for a little while.”
“And I keep thinking that she’s way out of my league, she’s so cool.”
“Tones, you wanna come up and say a few words?” Rhodey smiled, he was proud too, even if he wouldn’t admit it right now in front of everyone.
“Tony… You know he’s going to be the next CEO of his father’s company? And you’re going to take that all away for him, his life, his degree, his friends, all for your own selfish little gain. He has so much potential and he’s wasting it on – on
“I wouldn’t say it’s shitty.”
“Wha- I’m sorry, are you angry with me?” Natasha responded, befuddled.
Steve groaned, rolling over so that his back was to them both. Morning wood, that was all it was. And what a yet again delightful morning it was turning out to be.
It hadn’t turned out like anything he’d wanted but then again nothing had. It wasn’t some grand and glorious display of affections and admission of feelings and fireworks going off in the background – No. Admittedly, it had been a heat of the moment, messy,
“Why do you come here alone?”
The room was mostly dark, imitating the night he wishes it still was.
Steve nodded. Swallowing as much of his feelings as he could, so much that it burned his throat.
“Okay.” Tony blew out a breath, clearly trying not to make it obvious that he was cold, wrapping his arms around himself, shivering in his boxers. They were navy blue, and not very tight, surprisingly normal. “As much as I could really use your jacket as a blanket again, it’s your turn.”
Almost punishingly, he thought,
“I look like the monster that you would go to the swamp to murder because you’re this amazing, handsome knight and everyone would be really happy and fall I love with you ‘cause you killed the goblin. I’m the goblin.”
“Stop that.” Steve replied sternly, making Tony laugh.
Steve was already warm inside. “What’s different? I’m asking because, if I know, then I can keep maintaining whatever it is that makes you feel that way, and… Yeah.”
“There was this like charity which sent some of us to school. I met Bucky there. His mom was a godsend, I couldn’t always stay with them but she carried on helping me get through school. And then I got a scholarship. And now I’m here. With you. Is that everything you wanted to know?”
“I was at a nightclub with Rhodey and ‘Tasha. I was drunk and high, like usual, I don’t even remember what I took, just anything I could get my hands on really cause the place was pretty tight. I met this guy, he was kinda too old to be in that kind of club but he invited me to his place and - the others weren’t around so they couldn’t say anything, so I left with him. I couldn’t even remember getting in the cab with him... So we were at his place and i was completely shit faced and I thought we were just gonna have sex because... That’s just what I thought. And then he asked me if he could piss on me. And I said yeah, cause I thought he was kidding, and I was so mortal I didn’t think otherwise. And then he did.”
“Shoot.” He said simply, shoving his hands into the pouch of his hoodie and looking up at Steve with those big suns for eyes.
“Well I- I doubt I could make a career out of it, or football for that matter, I don’t really... care about football. But it was the only way I could get into college so - there’s that.”
“Yeah I’m being serious I said it like… Two times! Why wouldn’t I be serious? If… If you want to, I… I want to. I want to do it Steve.”
“Burn!”
“You doing anything right now?”
, he thought. But he was fair, and reasonable, most of the time. So he nodded, courteously with some discomfort, irritated as he took a seat on the floor beside Tony, assuming the same position so he didn’t take up the entire sidewalk.
“I- You-“
“Who said it was hypothetical?” Tony stopped in his tracks.
But the Steve he knew was strong, the Steve he thought he knew was brave. He wouldn’t just ditch him without a word, like a coward.
“They grow up so fast.” Tony said through an over-exaggerated sigh, watching Thor give the sausage on a stick to Bruce who was slumped up against his tent, causing it to fold into itself. He began throwing small twigs into the flame as he turned around, a free hand placed between the space separating Steve and himself.
Sighing to himself, feeling very alone again with the bar filled with people, apparently all already drunk - he wondered how they didn’t throw up jumping around like that.
“I know, I am. Just one last-“
Steve folded his hands together in his lap, finding it impossible to avoid Tonys gaze.
He thought.
He’d been drawing mostly from memory for awhile, what he saw when he stood against the crowd and what he saw of Tonys hip and armpit, the lead singers ripped tights underneath her shorts and the bassists long dark fingers etc, it wasn’t a realistic drawing at all, but worked at keeping him content, he wouldn’t have known how to dance anyway.
“What? Why would you ask me that?” Tony blinked, tugging on the collar of his bleached Led Zeppelin t shirt.
“In case you’re wondering we don’t do that to everybody!” Rhodey yelled into the mic as he was putting away his guitar.
, in an annoyingly fond way.
There was a sad glimmer in Tony’s eye, they flickered and searched Steve’s face. Like he was confused, like he’d never heard anyone say anything like that to him in his life. His lip quivered as if he wanted to say
“...A friend of the family.” He chewed on his words and his smirk, watching Steves face for reactions, but he wouldn’t let him have them for too long, Tony would never do that, he knew how to control whatever people focused on if he wanted it to. Surely Steve would be the same? Right?
“Ah, fuck Brian. But stay out of trouble, don’t be a moron.”
going to be our secret?” Steve asked suddenly.
“I’m bored of parties, go without me. I’m too busy anyway.”
Maybe he was used to having his trust betrayed.
for a long time and I just want you to- to kiss me again. Hit me. Anything.”
He smiled up at him. A part of Steve wanted to say
“Um.”
Tony uttered like a drop, slamming down onto Steve’s chest.
He wondered, desperately, how he could tell Tony how much he wanted to kiss him. Or hold him. Whatever he would allow.
do that.” Steve laughed lightly.
“Wh-“
“She was very nice, still didn’t make it any less unbearably awkward. But don’t worry I’ll do you a favour so you can hook up with a girl, again.”
“What about me?!” He snapped, turning away with a usual point of stubbornness. He wouldn’t let Steve see all of his face, as if that was revealing too much on its own.
“Hopefully you didn’t accidentally knife someone having a late-night stroll. You know, Buck, you’ve never actually told me why else you like her. I mean, you throw knives and drink beer when you’re alone anyway.”
And then quickly, almost too quickly, there was the sound of a door opening from inside, and then the increasing noise of footsteps.
“Well, Ty doesn’t know that I still smoke, and I could do with the quiet.”
Tony wore a placid and fidgety smile behind sunken eyes, as if Steve’s presence was relieving and discomforting at once. He knew that because he felt similarly.
“Well. It was nice to meet you, but we need to start putting the gear away. Tony.”
Tony stood in a crevice under the stairwell, he knew it was his straight away, the sound of his voice, the back of his head. He’d cut his hair a little shorter but undoubtedly, he recognised the curve of his neck, the last thing he’d seen when he was left in the woods. There was an insecurity in his posture, a little hunched, one arm wrapped around himself and the other pressing his phone tight against his ear.
Now we’ve got two blond skyscrapers in the gang.”
As Steve reached for the door handle, Ty kicked it with his foot, Steve turned, he saw a baseball-bat, he heard Only You (And You Alone) by The Platters, and a horrible pain on the back of his head as he hit the floor.
Bucky blinked at him.
Steve was in shock. Genuine, shock. Happy, it made him happy, for only a second. Because why should it matter to him? Tony didn’t want him anyway, right? If anything, he should be angry at Tony, angry for leaving him, for getting upset with him and Natasha while he had a boyfriend the entire time. But he wasn’t. All he could do was pretend for his own sake.
He braced himself for the worst, swearing, anger, sadness, tears, anything.
+ enjoy :)
“Oh, yeah, I broke up with Ty.” Tony was so obviously trying very hard to act nonchalant, his grip on the bed post tightening. “Well, pretty much. Can’t reach him in Europe so I just left all his stuff in the hall and had the locks changed, which I think’ll do the trick, don’t you?”
“I TOLD YOU TO LET IT COOL DOWN!” Tony yelled behind him, Rhodey and Clint were laughing at a very poor and intoxicated Bruce.
Steve didn’t know a lot about relationships, he’d only ever been in one, but he didn’t think that was healthy.
Tony was a blessing if there ever was one. An angel in purposefully ripped jeans and green eyeshadow with a chip on his shoulder.
“Sure, we’re good, Steve.” He stood up and began walking over to him, if Bucky were someone else, Steve would’ve thought he was about to punch him in the face, not like he didn’t deserve it. “Glad I don’t have to kick your ass.”
“Young love.”
“Thanks?”
“My friend dragged me down here, he’s at the bar sweet talking your lead singer right about now.”
The words Steve dreaded came out and provoked an annoyed sigh, seeming to surprise Bucky by his expression. Steve usually gave out favours like cheap hard candy but the underlying problem was: he wanted to see Tony so bad that the thought of actually seeing Tony made him want to vomit.
Left foot blue, right foot red, right hand yellow and left hand blue. Tony was above Steve, hovering over him and the mat sprawled across the carpet.
you think I don’t notice how little you shower lately. Someone needed to tell you. I’m your friend.”
“Is it? I’ve been asking that of myself. Whether I should just, lose control.” She looked at him intently, blurry red lips and flushed cheeks.
But Tony didn’t need to wonder what it meant. Not many people could handle him. He understood, he had heard and felt lies before, and although they’d never quite hurt him like this. He was used to it.
- tilted his chin up at him, with a sedated sort of smile. “I’m Tony. Tony Stark.”
“Go ahead.”
“You really think so?”
wants me to come home for the holidays?”
“Thanks. I think you’re very attractive.”
“I didn’t realise we had a poet in our midst.” Ty mumbled, so Tony pinched his knee that was between his legs, which resulted in him being a little too forcefully pulled off of his lap and beside him on the couch. Steve didn’t like that, not one bit.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Tony smirked. “You goin’ to take me out to dinner and buy me flowers? I thought we were past that by now.”
Fear.
“You didn’t really do anything
“You’re only friends with Tony so you can get close to Natasha.” Rolling his eyes as he spoke.
“Yeah, you too.”
Steves night had turned out to be much more interesting than expected.
Steve laughed and peeled his drink away from him for the safety of both of them. “Yeah! You too!” Steve yelled back, earning a sloppy kiss from Bucky which must have been intended for his cheek but barely scraped his ear.
He stopped in surprise when he saw Steve, standing tall with his hands held together by the edge of the roof. He didn’t say anything for a while, but then smiled. And Steve smiled back, shyly at first.
“I don’t care about sports at all. I hate it. But I feel guilty about it, because I know there’s so many people who would want what I got.”
“What? Really?”
Natasha steered away from Bucky at the last moment to talk to Bruce, who keenly looked away from his phone to chat with her. Steve was glad to have someone rescue him from this impossible awkwardness.
, without saying it, otherwise Tony might bop him on the shoulder or pull him into a choke hold which Steve could most certainly get out of, but he’d let Tony wrestle him like a puppy just to make him feel proud of himself.
“Drink. Shut up.”
Steve, in synchronised response, gathered Tony up into his lap so that he could never get away from him, protective hands on his hips that slid up and down his back, drawing him in nearer as their mouths grew hotter, wetter, closer.
“I mean, you made me look awesome, I’ll give you that.”
No one knew about them just yet, only Bucky, who partially had to tell him where he was all the time and because sometimes Tony wanted to come over and cuddle in
Tony has invited him to a party, him specifically (Okay, and Bucky), he’d been wherever he was thinking of who to invite to his party and he thought of Steve? Maybe he was just trying to fill out space, but still, he’d begun thinking Tony was too cool for him.
He returned to her, offering her yet another polite, normal smile. It was strange. He thought the next time he ran into Sharon he’d be filled with dread and self-loathing and spent the next few days after the interaction thinking about what a complete toolbelt he is but weirdly, it was refreshing. He wondered if she felt the same.
A blonde around Tonys height interrupted Steve as he wrapped his arm around Tonys shoulder, it was like he didn’t even notice Steve was there.
Tony didn’t talk to Steve much as they were all settling in, but people got drunk very quickly and it was easy to see that Tony quickly drew into himself, clearly too cold in just a t-shirt and denim jacket, cooking a sausage over the fire for Bruce to try and sober him up. So after he managed to escape Bucky venting about Natasha yet again. (He’d just finished watching Bucky show him knife wounds in a tree that him and Natasha had made last time they were there). He took his place by him on a much too small log by the fire, Tony smiled up at him as he sat, one that was usually followed by a joke or sarcastic comment, but he just smiled, and waved the stick around which stabbed the sausage.
“Anywhere. You know I’ve never seen the Leaning Tower of Pisa.”
“Why would you even THINK that?” He asked incredulously, firming a hand onto Steve’s shoulder. “Dude, it’s fine. It would never not be fine with me. You’re my best friend. I just wish you’d told me sooner, instead of being all stubborn and secretive like you do sometimes.”
Steve’s head shot up when Bucky scoffed in response. “Steve, I live with you. I have to see your sad face and your depressing little drawings every single day.
He couldn’t find one.
oof- it's over! I hope you guys enjoyed although this is very big sad :'(.
“Why not?”
“Listen, you betrayed me Tony Stark. I can’t let you get away with that.”
He didn’t know what came over him.
It was full of torn out sketches that had been stuffed in between the leather roughly. He sifted through random sketches of trees, books, wondering why Bucky thought this had any use to him. Until he reached a portrait of Tony he’d never seen before, pencilled in, black and white.
“Really?” Softly, edging closer to him.
had turned into a sad, flaccid, guilty, floppy stain on his integrity. At least they were both guys. Somehow that thought was comforting and disturbing all at once.
“There must be something that can break that impenetrable wall of yours.” He pointed to the jacket wrapped around Tonys body with a sly smile.
Tony just stared at it, the entire black denim length of it, so Steve waved it a little to imply it was for him.
“My hopes and dreams are that you leave this poor man alone.” Clint murmured.
“I’m not judging, I just, I think you’d be a great game show host.”
“Oh, I don’t know if I should say. Well I don’t know if I
“Hey. Steve.”
“The truth game? Why, do you think I’m hiding something?” Their hands flattened next to one another’s over their own make-shift blankets on the floor, sprawled out and never touching. Steve glanced down to see Tony’s fingers wiggle at the suggestion.
“Oh yeah?” Steve laughed, briskly like the air cooling his cheeks and twirling into the trees. “And you would? Rich boy? I only followed you out here ‘cause I was scared you’d end up mauled by a bear or shot by a poacher or something. Maybe you’d get stabbed by Natasha and Bucky playing with knives.”
Tony’s head spun to look at him. Staring at him, his eyes. He was trying to be sure, sure of something.
For the first time, in a long time, he was happy.
“Tony-“
“See you around.”
“Actually, uh, Tony.”
“Is he on that shit again?” He threw his apron off, slightly angry as he stepped out of the truck. A big woft of powdered sugar and cheese and onion followed him out, leaving the door wide open so the smell eventually diffused into the air.
“No, not really. But I believe in God, I guess, is that strange? Do you?”
all dose asshoooles.”
“That’s her! The singer - the redhead! Cute right?!”
He came in and shut the door behind him. Mostly out of obligation.
“You had dinner?”
“Anthony, is it done yet?”
“Okay... And?”
“You never brought anyone else up here?”
“I... One time, I made a pros and cons list, it was full of probabilities and calculations and it was for the possibility of me killing myself.” He swallowed, Steve stayed quiet. “One of the cons was that my mom would be sad. But... I tore it up, purely because I couldn’t figure out whether my dad would be happy or sad that I was gone and whether either of those scenarios was a pro or a con.”
“That was just a favour. I’m going now. Go to class.” Pressing his foot down on the wheels of his friends chair gently, pushing him an inch in jest, a soft and reluctant smile on his face.
“Yeah? What about it? You have been acting real weird lately… Seriously. Is everything okay?”
The bathrooms were all unisex, there were no stalls so it made it much easier to hear.
That’s where Steve would be. Waiting on the roof for him because he couldn’t think of anywhere more appropriate. The first time he’d touched Tony’s skin, heard his secrets and his pain, and realised he was deep in it.
He could be an idiot every day if it meant he could make Tony laugh, even if it was at him, or only a little bit. Because Tony had probably the best smile he’d ever seen in his life, most probably, like if there was some scientific calculation that measured how great someone’s smile is than Tonys would probably be the greatest, or whatever.
But he recalled what Natasha had said to him. Why she’d kissed him at all – it was all an act of self-defence.
It was very swampy up close, bubbling like it was something he definitely shouldn’t put in his body.
He thought bitterly, but decided not to say anything out loud, Ty taking the bag from Steve with as much passive aggressiveness that Steve had when he held
“H- alright, let me try and make this… Sad, little fire, better.” Steve scooted closer to Tony, who watched him, carefully, the light dazzling around his dark eyes giving him away.
“Hello to you too. Enjoy the show?” He replied with sarcasm leaking through his tongue.
(...)
Steve hummed back in the same tone as he left the room, already hearing some distant rap music from the common area and some chatter  that he’d gotten used to hearing and used to avoiding.
While he was waiting for his name to be called, he noticed a familiar voice beside him, one he hadn’t heard in a long time.
But Tony was looking at him now, really looking. In the eyes, facing him, leaning into his hand even if he didn’t realise – no quick glances or non-engaged smirks, his eyes were wide and full of – full of –
Tony looked as though saying it took every ounce of energy left in his body and every breath in his lungs. Admitting it, hard and almost triumphantly, too much so, that he couldn’t even bare to look at Steve.
Steve just wanted to know why Tony kept trying to push him away, when it was so lovely like this.
Out of nowhere, once again, he saw Tony leaving the bar alone, in the middle of pulling out a cigarette.
The simplest of questions that up until recently had no answer. And it was asked as if he wanted advice, an example, because he’d never truly known it before. Tony sat, waiting for an answer that Steve couldn’t give, and so he just sat there, beside him, looking at his plump red lips and pink cheeks, trying to stop his mouth from saying:
Still confused and increasingly angry on Tonys behalf, with a mixture of wanting to exit the situation as quickly as humanly possible, he stuttered and forgot the entire reason he came. “Huh - oh. It’s a drink. Bucky was meant to bring it over yesterday. Thought Tony would still be here bu-“
They waited until Steve’s co-worker Jared could cover his shift so he could take a break – Sitting outside the alley behind the bar so Bucky could smoke (something he’d taken up for some reason he didn’t want to go into), and Steve wouldn’t have to worry about strangers walking by listening to him attempt to come out to his best friend. Buck was crouched by a tin trash can, shielding himself from the cold, Steve pacing back and forth slowly and crushing long burned out cigarette butts beneath his feet on the concrete. Too worried to even think about the cold.
“Um… About four months ago.”
“You know, ‘Bucky’, at some point, the things people do stops being so surprising. Maybe you’ll learn that from this. And… And if you’re so convinced that he hasn’t left on his own accord than by all means,
” Tonys whispered into his chest, aggressive, but playful above anything else. He didn’t know what the fuck he was doing.
looked weird, Bucky and the vocalist were approaching him. As much as he wanted to pack away his things, his mother always told him to stand up when a lady was approaching -
He locked his phone, and let it fall onto his chest, pushing out a huff of annoyance.
“How have you been?” Steve choked out pathetically. He hated small talk and knew Tony hated it just as much if not more.
He didn’t know why, and he didn’t know what encapsulated him to follow Tony into the woods. A part of him knew that Tony wanted him to and didn’t want him to at once. Aside that, he couldn’t stop himself, crossing through the camp, and the noise, into the silent darkness where Tony disappeared.
“How long?” Enthusiastic all of a sudden, Bucky practically jumped as he asked the question.
“Cool. I’ve never played.” Tony hummed and took the box, and the bottle, before swapping both of them around, handing the box to Steve and the bottle to Bucky, ignoring their confused expressions. “Bucko, take that to the kitchen, Nats in there fixing herself a drink she’ll show you where everything is.”
About half way through, most people (although mortally drunk themselves) noticed that Ty was way past his limit. Tony attempted to pull him up, throw his arm around his shoulder to get him to move, all he achieved was allowing Ty to fall into an angle where he could sloppily kiss Tonys neck and murmur inaudible things into his skin. Tony laughed, of course, but Steve could see he was irritated, something about the way his hands were strained upon his chest, uncomfortably and way way too familiar.
The door opened, and Tonys head whipped around almost instantly, the small indication of fondness on his lips changed to a grin with the flick of a switch.
“Wha- “ His friend looked up from the book, pinning it the table with his fist so it wouldn’t curl over. “No, idiot, to the cook-out. Nat made sure it was a strict no-boyfriends, no-girlfriends event which, I guess explicitly bans he-who-shall-not-be-named. And until I officially ask Natasha to be my girlfriend, I am allowed to come.”
Bucky nodded and looked away, Steve, searching his face for a reaction, forgiveness, anything, at this point.
“I like the music.”
“You too, Tony Stark.”
Tony gave little regard to Steve as he got up and walked away, Rhodey swiftly took his place beside Steve. Steve wished he drank more, so it wouldn’t be awkward, they’d never spoken properly before, he got the impression that Tony’s best friend wasn’t really leaning into him as much as he’d want. Then again, he should be at least thankful, he had more friends now than he had for the entirety of high school.
He looked cold. And weary.
Rhodey wrapped his free arm around Tonys shoulders, he looked at him fondly, closely, almost protectively. Not that he looked
again. Thankfully the
Tony chewed on his lip, glancing at his partner on the couch, accepting a hand that Ty held up, entangling his fingers in his for a moment before letting go with a shrug of his shoulders.
“Was that necessary?” He heard from Ty.
A voice to his right struck a nerve on the back of his neck, freezing to the point of no return.
Natasha had her own tent, as did Clint. Thor and Bruce decided to share although Bruce seemed as though he’d rather have his own space. Tony and Rhodey shared a fairly big tent, and of course, Bucky and Steve were forced to squeeze into a tiny, fairy-sized tent they borrowed from someone in their dorm. Thankfully they wouldn’t spend most of their time inside, as they all sat around a very measly fire arguing about the best way to make a fire, while Clint played indie-folk music from his wireless speaker, but as people began to get more drunk and more high it somehow transitioned into some intense screamy-techno noise that he found hard to see any appeal.
Steve checked his watch as he made his way out into the living room, he was way on time, if he left now, he’d be able to make it to the bus station and –
Getting back to what he had originally planned on doing before Bucky charged into their dorm and informed Steve they were going out whether he wanted to or not, what he’d begun sketching at his desk no longer inspired him.
“Well. It seems that… It doesn’t seem like, actually, it is, that – um. Ever since you… kissed me. I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it, no matter what I do. It’s kinda becoming a real problem for me. But it was the first time I’ve really felt…
“Wait where do you live?”
“See,” Rhodey began. “Tony and his mom have told me about this rivalry him and Ty always had growing up. Everything was a competition, but Tony was always better, and I’m not just saying that ‘cause he’s my friend, trust me he could do with a little knock to his ego every now and again. Ty is definitely obsessed with him and not in a cute, honeymoon period kinda way, in a crazy nutjob kinda way. I think he does the things he does because he wants Tony to like… fight back? Or, he wants Tony to feel so shitty about himself that he won’t.”
that made Steve realise that Tony was really doing this, in front of everyone, this was his statement to him. His acceptance.
“Yeah well at least I’m not too scared to tell someone I like them.” He shrugged his shoulders nonchalantly, his hands shrugging with them as he began to turn to where the party was warming up. Steve scoffed at the back of his head. He wasn’t wrong, Steve never thought himself to be a coward, that didn’t mean he wasn’t utterly and completely hopeless when it came to romantic situations. That had been proven many, many times.
“You wanna come hang out with us?”
The last resort was making Tony a playlist. It was very 80s-
He thought Tony would laugh, or tell him that wasn’t possible, or say something about how he felt bad or how he didn’t feel bad and that was stupid, he expected him to look at him like he was wrong, but he didn’t.
“A little? You caught me in my jammies.”
“Was it because you like guys?”
“Kissed Natasha? Yeah, I know.”
“I- I know I don’t have a lot of money and I’m not all that brainy but –“ Steve gasped as he pulled away, hugging Tony close to him, looking at every freckle, mole and pimple on his face to remind himself that it was really him and this was happening.
Unfortunately, Steve had a feeling that the night wasn’t going to go so smoothly.
“Yeah alright, how about I make you my housewife?” He smiled back, licking the pad of his thumb and wiping away some of the black under Tonys eye, which he didn’t seem to appreciate, scrunching his nose up and turning his head away.
“Look at what?” Taking his place beside him, on the edge of the pond and trying to follow his eyes.
Whenever Steve wasn’t with him, he felt like he was going through withdrawal. He had tried to tell that to Bucky one night, slightly drunk and staring at his bedroom ceiling – which only led to him being called a cringe-worthy idiot. Maybe he was right, he didn’t care if he was.
“Not her, the one on the drums!”
Steve gathered the rest of his clothes as quickly as he could, having to pull his sweater on as he followed Tony, and instant stick in the gut of worry with each step.
, which freaked him out when he was paying attention but Tony decided to give him a hand job halfway through and so he couldn’t tell you what the rest of the movie was about.
’ Because really, you shouldn’t go through some strangers belongings just because you feel like it - But he was a cute boy, a really cute boy, Steve had never been so conflicted with himself in his life.
“No! No he’s clean, y’know.” Forgetting for a split second that this was all make believe, he gently lowered his body onto the pavement. Props to him for playing a very good passed out person.
He couldn’t even remember.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well… Let me think, when did we go to the gig together for the very first time?”
“I’m very dedicated to making fun of you.”
“Home.” He replied sharply, like the word had been playing over and over again on his breath. “I’m going home, I’m going to see my boyfriend.” The pace continued; Steve was only faced with the back of his head.
“A cheater! A liar! I feel sick…”
“But I don’t want to be alone anymore. Not since I met her.”
“Okay.” He let out a breath, like a relief. “Okay, if you’re serious… Let’s do it.” He held Tony in his lap, held his hands like he wouldn’t have needed to travel the world because he had it right in his arms, but he’d go anywhere if Tony asked him to. Happily.
Stirred by a muffled shuffling sound, he woke up to a bright sun beaming down on him, the fire turned to ash and rubble, a charred stain in the dirt where it once burned on. The night before didn’t seem real, like it must have been a dream. Sleeping with Tony, the things they did… It was disturbingly fresh in his memory and yet Tony wasn’t there beside him like he was when he fell asleep.
“Nah. He’s not in the band, does publicity or something? I didn’t talk to him, seemed a little sketchy!”
.” He sang, placing hand on Steve’s chest, satisfied at the feel of it.
“He’d probably like to know you think that… I think she’d be good for him too.” From his perspective, Nat and Bucky’s bodies were just above the flames, as if they were burning from the bottom up. If they were to look at him and Tony, they would probably see the same thing, or maybe they’d be encased in it.
He thought hard about how to respond. He could send one back, but that might look weird, maybe make a joke? -
“Tony made it for me. I haven’t tried it yet.” It was still too fizzy for how long he’d been holding it.
“My love. Come here.” Opening his arms, pulling his hand away from Steves, like a flinch, like he’d been shocked all of a sudden.
? You don’t have a penny to your name, if you can even spell it. You don’t deserve him.”
Maybe he said something, or stirred something. A thought or a doubt, pissed him off, cheered him up, he didn’t know, but Tony leapt to his feet, pulling Steves jacket on himself. It was comically big on him,
Out of the corner of his eye he noticed Ty offer some of his drink to Tony but he refused almost immediately. “Um. I don’t know. I think my future is looking to be whatever I can get.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But you wanted to see me?” He asked, genuine curiosity in his voice.
“No.” Firmly, and yet his eyes locked to the ground. Doubting the confidence that he was gaining. “But it’s not a real relationship. Not really. It never was. I’ve known him since we were kids, nothing has changed at all. We just grew up.”
He went to Steve’s dorm. Bucky hadn’t seen him, maybe he was lying, covering for him.
Bucky gave Steve an anxious yet reaffirming smile before left, shutting the door behind him and for the first time that week it shut on a Steve that felt somewhat content.
“Wouldn’t you fancy that, Ty? easy college ride, nice job, wife and kids?” Tony smiled, pulling his feet up on to the couch and pushing a golden curl behind his boyfriends ear. Tonys eyes glossed over him intimately, and Steve could tell they’d known eachother for a very long time - although, he didn’t know whether it was hope, or the light, or the way glitter ran fell down Tonys cheekbone like a tear drop, but he could see a certain doubt in his eye.
People on the sidewalk cleared a path for them, as sparse as they were that time of night, drunk and shouting and pushing around as he teared down the concrete, Tony like a firefly in a field he was trying to catch, not knowing where to go in the open nothingness.
In the library, Steve and Bucky were attempting to study. It was the area on the second floor where moderate noise and chatter was acceptable as per study groups and people who just wanted to hook up pretending like they actually want to sit and read through a calculus textbook together. The second floor of the library was also the only floor with bright red walls that made it impossible for him to concentrate, as if that wasn’t hard enough already.
Every morning was mostly the same, they’d been lucky enough to get roomed together, but after a while it becomes tiring to wake up each day and say ‘good morning’, ‘sleep well?’ and gradually just began getting up and going about their days. But they didn’t need to, it wasn’t necessary.
, he’d messed up again but the music was incredibly loud and Tony was holding his coke and he had chipped black nail polish and he could see his nipples through his shirt when he looked down and-
After the two hour set, which mostly involved Steve standing around awkwardly with the flowers and leaning against the wall, trying to enjoy the music, one song was basically the words ‘
His brain went away to a couple nights before, in Tony’s apartment. Tony walking out into his living room in nothing but some striped socks that touched the knobs of his knees with a playful smirk and saying
And then he was looking at Steve, thick black lashes and big brown eyes looking, at him.
“No.”
“What makes you think I can’t handle myself ‘tough guy’?” Tilting his head to the side, an eyebrow pointing the same way.
“Would you have rather I never said anything about it?”
“Garden management.” He must’ve pointed to the flowers in the glass.
“Well I cant lie on the stand! Unbutton my shirt.”
“Or you could like… Not do that.”
Tony grabbed Ty by each side of his face, kissing him harshly and fiercely, so much so he stumbled backwards into the door frame.
“Have I been an ass?”
“I can tell...” The back of Tonys hand was warm, and he knew that because it was brushing against the back of his own. “Can I ask you something?”
. “I know this is probably a little unexpected.”
[Proceed with caution]
“I’ll go to libraries and do my work. I don’t know. You know I never wanted to play football anyway.” Steve sighed, stuffing another shirt into a duffle bag.
Or would he?
Steve didn’t reply, even if he knew what to say, he wouldn’t say a word.
hand looking at
“Well. I better get going, I have a workshop this afternoon.”
Tony somehow looked offended he’d asked. “Uh well you know… Fine. I’d ask you the same but your friend tells me you’re always sick, glad to see you’re well enough to make it out tonight though. I was beginning to wonder when you were gonna heal from complete-and-utter-baloney disease.”
The end of the hallway didn’t blank out the noise, but definitely quietened it. There was not in fact a line for the bathroom, but the short white wooden door was shut, so he assumed that someone was inside.
“No problem.” He walked around Steve and followed Tonys subtle point inside the apartment with no complaints, he figured at the mention of a girl he forgot he’d left Steve alone with Tony.
The brunets smile softened, just for a moment, but Steve caught it, until it soured again, as he nodded at Steve and walked back towards the now lonely corner of the bar where he’d first set eyes on him.
Steve thought, last time he’d seen Tony was the party, and the last time before that was when he abandoned him in the middle of the woods. Neither had been pleasant. So why now? Why would he seek him out?
That night, there was going to be a ‘battle of the bands’ type gig, mostly for small college groups, it wasn’t very competitive, the winner being based on how loud the applause and screaming and shouting was - the prize being a grouping for unlimited cocktails and breadsticks for life at a local Italian restaurant. Apparently most of them were just doing it for fun and publicity, apparently
, Steve thought.
“You think Alex Trebek is the coolest guy in the world?”
The nakedness was not as comforting as he originally thought.
If you're a fan of my other works just know I have NOT given up on either of them, i clowned myself thinking I could produce multiple works at once but I've learnt from my mistakes aha. I truly love writing all these stories and seeing the responses I get, they really mean the world to me and help motivate me to write more so I appreciate every comment or kudos I get
Steve had never been with a boy, he thought about it, a lot, especially since he met Tony, he wasn’t just nice to look at, he was interesting too, his charisma, how he was slightly annoying and a teeny bit rude. But he knew Tony was inaccessible and that was fine, he knew he would probably never have the courage to be with a boy especially when his teammates were the peak of testosterone and steroid induced toxic masculinity, but that was fine.
Perhaps his expression was showing clear disapproval, because the stranger quickly said his last goodbyes to Ty and began walking away, giving Steve a brief head nod as he passed him.
“No, you. Since you want to be all ‘fair’.”
He wore a smirk on his lips, it was sharp, but his eyes were soft despite the black lining his lashes. Steve couldn’t stop looking, it was like there was nothing impossible in the world but his ability to stop looking at this boy, this stranger.
“So, what does that make you then? Payback? Is that really what you want? To be a ploy in me and Ty’s fucked up little game?”
“Why did you do that? You- you…” His troubled tone trailed out. His ears felt like they were ringing, the rest of the street and the cars and the distant drunk shouting fading into a incessant noise until –
But Tony reached a point where the poignant, picture-perfect sketches of him began to slip, not in quality, just… Something else.
“Oh! Shit!” Clint yelled slightly too loud.
“You sure?” He beamed all of a sudden.
“...No. It’s not gone. It’s just sorta like background noise now. It’s all background noise.”
The brunets smile was comforting, but shifted, and somehow Steve knew he was looking for something different.
“How’ve you been?” She asked politely, with a tinge of concern as she noticed the bleached patch of hair.
by Debra Laws, which made Steve
“I think you should just do what makes you happy. If Ty makes you happy… then fine. But I don’t think he does. Oh – I’m sorry, it’s not my place.”
, and overall just makes you want to curl up into a ball and stew in your own awfulness.
so that before a very important awards ceremony the principal read aloud
“Don’t you think it’s somewhat wrong or even... I dunno, unethical to eavesdrop like th-“
“Nothing. At the moment, why, you want me to cook you up something hubby?” And as diligently as ever, he returned to his casual façade. There was, however, a very specific and observable release of tension in Tony’s demeanour whenever Rhodey was around, even if they were bickering.
“I’m fine -“
Steve just smiled in a way that said
And then Tony snorted, wrapping Steves jacket tighter around himself as he let out a chortle.
Steve laughed nervously, shoving his hands into his pockets so he would have something to do with them. “Oh. Good. I’m Steve, by the way. Steve Rogers.”
Steve just nodded. And smiled for a bit.
- im so sorry -
Maybe it would all go to shit, maybe Tony would blame him and still hate him regardless, but atleast he would know, right?
“…Were you hoping to go missing tonight? Because… Well, I gotta tell ya, I wouldn’t let that happen.”
“Don’t get... Thrashed!”
“Relax, I’m…
“I… I can’t answer that without digging myself into a very deep, dark hole that I’m afraid I won’t be able to get out of.”
One thing about Steve, was that he didn’t party often.
so captivating and energizing, pulling in everyone in the room and the room around him was a sight he wasn’t used to – nothing before that had made him want to just pull out whatever paper he could find and try and savour every little detail he could manage to fit on the page.
“He’s in class. Maybe next time, bring things over when you’re supposed to.”
How many people had tried to crush Tonys spirit before he started letting them?
“You want me to start?”
Alone, sad, sitting on the edge of a king-sized bed that was perfectly made, emptier than it should be.
“That’s Clint, he’s an asshole.”
“Oh.”
“Tonys dad is like a kajillionaire.” Natasha said to him, as if she was telling him something he didn’t know already.
“Hi...” Steve cleared his throat after he spoke. Tony wobbled back and forth on his heels and looked around.
“Oh.” Plump lips forming an ‘o’ that sat there for slightly too long. “Uh, yeah, alright.” Tony sat up immediately, pulling the sleeves of his hoodie over his hands.
“Man, I’ve packed on a few pounds huh?”
The band was set up, they were ready to go. And then the worst, most sickening thing happened, something so quaint that would somehow haunt him.
like?” Steve replied, annoyance in his voice. Glancing at a couple of strangers who were talking by the stove, but he’d tuned out their conversation along with the music booming through the doors.
i threw glass at my friends eyes and now i’m on probation - destroy boys
But he was done being a coward, hiding from the world and hiding from his feelings. If he wanted Tony and he did,
They were silent for while, sharing a quaint, indescribable gaze. It was terrifying, he thought Tony was terrifyingly beautiful and maybe that was his point.
coke in
“Who’s that?!” Steve shouted, he didn’t even think he meant to say that out loud.
“He didn’t seem too happy to see you.”
“Hi.”
“Still, I’m sorry.”
And he did smell like sweat, but not in a bad way, it was boyish and kind of exciting, his eyes were exciting. Then he became conscious of how he smelt, and if he remembered to put on deodorant before he came out.
“Frick...” Tony chewed, Brian shrugged his shoulders apathetically at him, which mustn’t have helped his mood, he replied by scrunching his eyes and nose and mouth at the man in agitation. Then he stepped closer to Steve, really close. “Okay, just, follow my lead, alright?” Whispering, Tony patted Steves chest, but that wasn’t quite enough the prepare him for what Tony was going to do next.
for a while until some 80s soul music started playing.
“Yeah, alright.” Ty walked away from Tony without another word, which provoked an irritated sigh from Tony. “I hope I see you around here again Steve Rogers.” He said through an evidently forced smile, which made him feel awful.
“I did.” He smiled back, glancing at Bucky who was giving him his usual ‘
The show had gained quite a big crowd, and opposing bands had to stand amongst them while their competitors performed, the lights low amongst the crowd below, enough people around so people could smoke weed without being spotted and thrown out by the staff.
“Barely.” Steve smiled, a little bashful, especially when he noticed Tony smiling at him.
“Hello Steve.” He nearly jumped out of his skin.
” He said in a jovial tune.
“I… Really had no idea.”
“Your boner’s diggin’ into my back.”
He let himself believe it was happening, Tony was really in his arms, grabbing his cheeks like Steve was giving him the air to breathe.
“Um… Well it’s a very morbid thing to think about. What would’ve happened to me?”
No, Steves eyes were bleeding out of his skull, like Tony was some cursed painting in a horror movie and Steve was the fool who’d unlocked all of his secrets, a fatal, flaming mistake.
Steve wanted to replay the moment over and over again, the feeling of finally being acknowledged as not just someone, but someone else’s. He was grateful to be Tony’s and for Tony to be his.
A syringe of relief breathed into Steve’s chest. From finally having said it out loud, and the support of his friend. He always knew Bucky wasn’t anything like anyone else at school, or on the team, and he was sure that they would
“Oh. Right. Fine, because I’m so nice.”
The next was the door to the bathroom slamming across the room.
When Tony had done his best to so casually try and brush it to the side, he realised it must’ve been because he assumed Steve didn’t have feelings for him.
“I really hope that doesn’t become a thing.” He mumbled to Tony, and noticed Ty on the couch as he did, giving him an awkward smile to which a strained one was returned.
“No, Tony.” Steve answered firmly. “But that wasn’t that, was it? I know it wasn’t, so… It was something… something else. Right?”
, but this wasn’t some testosterone fuelled 2am tinder conversation and Steve wasn’t that kind of guy and that was definitely not appropriate.
He flicked onto the next page, and it was Tony, again, sitting naturally, focus on his hands. The next page, another drawing of Tony, and the next one had another.
“So do you wanna be an artist? Or do you wanna play football forever?” Natasha questioned.
Ty fell back onto his pillow, rubbing a hand across his forehead. “Thank gawwwd. I cannot
He had nothing else on his mind though, he could put aside Ty’s possible (and maybe imminent) ass kicking for Tony.
Tony smiled, sitting up so he could throw an arm over Steve’s shoulder. “Nahhh I like my way more better.”
The tone had changed, it became more difficult to hear Tonys voice through the door, he wasn’t yelling anymore, the fire in his voice depleted almost instantly into a crippling charred bundle of sticks.
“Wait,” It must’ve cut through him like a knife, one he didn’t deserve to bare. “Don’t you wanna wait and see if you won?”
Tony used his phone as an escape, pressing play on the song almost immediately.
“I’ve still got my scholarship; I get enough money to get by as it is. I know I haven’t thought it all the way through Buck but when have I with anything?” Steve zipped up his bag and looked at his friend. “Come on, I don’t want to leave on a sour note.”
Disdain.
“You wanna prove it-“
“Oh. Um.” Then he caught Steves gaze for the first time, he’d never really looked at him before, always past him. “Thank you?”
“Should there be?” He raised his eyebrow, questioningly, but with a smile that suggested he knew why Steve thought that, because people had often associated that implication with him many times before.
. Shutting the curtains and having a private (emphasis on
“You’re not a tadpole, thankfully. But, um, do you wanna talk about it?”
“I - uh...”
“I’m sorry.” Was all the breath in his lungs could manage at that moment. “I really, really don’t know what happened. No, I know what happened, I was super drunk and I guess she was too and she was talking to me… Ugh…”
Tony paused. Stopping to think for a moment, which was unusual because most of the time it seemed like Tony either didn’t think at all before talking or that his brain operated like a faulty calculator that didn’t always give correct answers.
The sound of the band stopping blending in with the sound of the bartender replacing the noise with the radio so that there was no time for any audible silence and loud chattering was so efficient that Steve hadn’t noticed they’d stopped, and the crowd was quickly filling out the room towards the bar and out the door to smoke most likely.
“Of course.”
“Yeah, exactly.” Bucky exhaled, swivelling around in his chair with his cereal in his lap. “I told Tony I’d bring over this crazy Korean drink I found for the after party tonight - tastes just like his trash cocktail.”
“I’m not gay. I… I don’t know what I am. And I really don’t know if I can think about being
“Ty.” Steve clenched his jaw, more annoyed at his presence than anything. “Man, you know you shouldn’t be here. Just go.” Speaking in a level tone, trying to calm down from the scare and wanting to get out and to Tony as soon as possible. “Tony’s not here, and even if he was, he doesn’t want to see you, you know that.”
Once Steve explained the story to Natasha, and she pulled away, standing back on her high heeled boots, her face was enough to tell him she wasn’t surprised at all, that this must’ve happened before. Instead of shock and rage, she just looked tired and annoyed.
Tony looked at him as if to say, ‘you pulled away, you’re lying.’ So he gave in, with a huff, resting his head gently back on Tonys, for some reason it had quickly become to feel so normal.
Something shimmered in a dull light between his fingers, until he flipped it on the top of his nail up to Steve, and he caught it, in his spare hand, maybe that impressed him a little.
“Hm, me too.” Tonys eyes glimmered in delight when Steve accepted, but he tried not to act as if it was anything special, Tony probably would’ve asked the nearest person so he wouldn’t have to be alone, right? “Okay, but you know I don’t smoke right?” He asked as Tony slipped on his shoes and began walking to the door.
And then it hit him.
“Happy now?” Steve sighed, feeling the breeze on his pecs, and his legs.
“Yeah…” She sighed.
“Tony. Do you want to know what I think?”
“Tones!” Rhodey yelled from the stage, throwing the strap of his bass over his head.
But it might be good to get it out, to someone he cared about, who cared about him. Someone he trusted.
“I like the way you think muscle man.”
“Um, these are my only clothes dumbass. What, did you think, I was gonna go back on a challenge? You’re talking to the wrong man.”
Steve knew Ty didn’t like him, and Ty probably knew Steve didn’t very much care for him
“Scared?! I am not scared. Fine, no. I see what you’re doing, I’ll show you…” Rhodey said that Tony and Ty used to compete a lot, he was beginning to learn it probably wasn’t just Ty who held all the competitive rights. “
probably very expensive being smashed, he decided to head to the bathroom.
“I was! I… am. I think that’s why I went along with it. Was feeling sorry for myself. I’m sorry. Buck, I really am. It wasn’t anything, I swear. Just… Ugh, I don’t know what it was.”
Tony didn’t respond well to the ever so slight demand in Steve’s voice – causing him to almost recoil and stop eating completely, looking at Steve now, oh, he felt bad.
“Regret wanting to get to know me yet?”
“Put your head on mine.”
Tony was shivering, trying not to look Steve in the eye - he could’ve been more cold than anything, he was wearing ripped shorts and a ripped top.
Steve just smiled. “I kinda like
“You know what I’m talking about, don’t play dumb Hercules.”
The next few series of events played out like a video game. Steve stood in the middle of the crowd with Bucky, who was talking to him but he couldn’t really listen, as his eyes were watching Natasha around the room. How she approached Rhodey, whispering in his ear, seeing his expression go from generally nonplussed to pissed off in a matter of seconds - From the right hand corner of the room, Tony emerged from the bathroom, all of their eyes set on him, but all he could do was stand there. Natasha and Rhodey approaching him together as he headed towards them, Steve tried to appreciate the last few moments of ignorance on his face, blissfully unaware, he’d been excited too even though he’d just watched him from afar, keeping his distance out of shame of the knowledge he held and didn’t wish to have.
Steve was pulled into Tony’s embrace, his lips and everything he wanted to offer and Steve would accept all of it. The hours that went by as they explored one another, every nook and every cranny until they exhausted themselves, and the rest was history.
“I’m really sorry, Tony, for all of it. I feel like, I could have kept it to myself and nothing would be different from now. I thought I owed it to you, the truth, but nothing’s changed and I- “
“We?” Halting in his tracks, leaves of orange and brown swept around his ankles as he turned with the penultimate question. It was the first time he’d seen Tony hesitate, the boy with the quickest wit of them all.
He was so nice to look at like this. His fringe curled over his forehead, hair tangled by his cold red ears, lips and nose to match, swallowed in Steves jacket - smiling, dazzling and lovely smile. No audience, no shitty boyfriend, just the two of them. Where fragments of the real Tony could shine through and shards of Steves could crack and pierce through too.
“It doesn’t matter anymore. You’ve got me, Tony. You had me the whole time.”
Rolling over was more difficult than it should’ve been, trying to rotate onto his side without being about to stretch his arms or legs or he might touch Tony and he didn’t want to do
“What’s cookin’?” Rhodey interrupted, stood between them both, hands in his pockets. Steve let out such a big sigh of relief that Tony have him a suspicious look.
Bucky chewed on it for a little. Steve saw Tony rooting through his own bag out of the corner of his eye.
“Wha -“ Tony scoffed, hitting Steves broad arm with his stale snack. “Wow, where’d this Steve Rogers come out from? A little rush of adrenaline and one petty crime later and now you’re
Tony could barely keep still at the table, rambling in between shoving fork-fulls of eggs in his mouth. “You need to go home and pack, I’ll come with you, I’m pretty much done here.”
Tony held a small black earbud between his chipped-nail-polished fingers, looking at the space between Steve’s eyes eagerly and uncertainly, most of his hair had either tangled or draped across his forehead, that, combined with his bare face and dark lashes made him look years younger, softer. Their faces had become very close and amongst his anxiety he worried he had morning breath, because Tony didn’t. “Got it caught in my head. And it’s probably time you start listening to something from this century anyway.”
“Can we still go to Sharkys?”
There was music booming through the door, but through his nerves all he could focus on was the gold number 12 on the door.
“Nah.” Bucky said after a long and thoughtful sigh. “You’re alright. Maybe this was the wake up call I needed. Well, you could’ve taught me my lesson using different methods but – yeah. It’s cool.”
His eyes landed on Steve in the crowd, but quickly darted away once they’d made eye contact.
“I met this girl at a party, she seemed cool, seemed into me. She told me to come see her band.” His friend replied, standing on his toes to try and spot the girl over the row of dotted heads bopping up and down.
He was glad Tony didn’t let him answer, in a strange way, not glad Tony had so much control over him.
, over at Boston.”
“Only when I’m interested.”
Avoiding eye contact with a couple of girls gossiping on the steps and clutching onto their empty red cups pretending to be invested in whatever gripping drama the other was talking about, he found upstairs to be mostly empty. Opening the first door he saw.
“Right. Well, the story goes, I woke up, very confused and feeling very, very shitty. My dad was pissed, he didn’t even ask if I was okay, he didn’t ask why, he didn’t wanna know. I thought I wouldn’t hear the end of it, you know, he was like:
“You’ve been sober for less time than you overdosed...”
Steve passed him a troubled and discontented look, silently asking for patience. Bucky just nodded, instead of apologising, not that he needed to.
“Please. Everyone keeps asking where you are. Even Tony, he always asks why you can’t come and I feel bad using your dumb excuses.”  Sliding the book back to its original spot with a tad of passive-aggressiveness.
Tony was looking at him. He was. As he turned, back towards the sunken woods and Tony’s stout, fragile figure. Of course, Tony didn’t allow them to make eye contact for long, folding his arms and walking into the woods without saying a word to his friends.
“You haven’t tried them!” Digging into the white grease stained bag and giving Steve one first, then one for himself, messily scrunching the top of the bag and shoving the rest in the crook of his arm. “I’ll make it up to him anyway, that bloated creep.”
“…Very much so.” Tony mumbled, looking away. Steve stood up on the rock beside him, the silver stone feeling like ice under his feet, maybe Tony felt the same thing, as he gasped when Steve stood next to him.
Natasha was spooning Bucky on the couch, Rhodey somehow sat upright in a chair, his head tilted to the side in sleep, Thor’s long and large body spread across the floor next to Bruce’s, while Clint was sat at the small dining table, his head on the surface as he drooled onto it.
“Cool.” Steve tried not to sound too relieved, balancing it out with a casual nod.
Steve was caught out, and wasn’t sure how to react. Run away? Cry? All plausible options but he liked to think he had at least a grain of dignity left.
The rooftop, the things Tony told him -
Some could call him an evil genius, he managed to cheat on Tony, multiple times, get outed and somehow end up with Tony apologising to
He noticed he was starting to get a little more chub in the midriff area but he didn’t care. Because he was happy.
Tony was packing his clothes all night, excited and nervous, he could barely sleep. He’d clearly been waiting for a reason to escape too. And Steve began to hope he was more to Tony than just an escape.
“We’re not friends.” Steve put it blankly, sitting up on the bed with a guttural groan, as if the obvious and bitter lie was punishing him with some horrible acid reflux. The only reason he said it is because he knew Tony probably didn’t think of them as friends, why would he? “They’re your friends. I just hang out with them sometimes.” A sigh was pushed up out of his mouth as he stood, walking past Bucky to grab the white plastic bag on his desk which did have a bright orange and pink bottle with lettering he didn’t understand all over it inside.
Jumping into the couch between Ty and Rhodey, who had a bowl of popcorn, diving his hand into it with as much ease as a hammer.
A thump on the ridge of his back turned into a wave of freezing water slapping him in the face, and engulfing him in an instant.
The worst thing, though, was the look on Ty’s face.
) the satisfaction, following in Tonys path towards the exit, he’d dealt with worse than all this. Probably.
He held them up as an anxious reflex. “Uh, oh it’s-“
“That’s okay. You don’t have to be anything. And whatever you are, or aren’t, I’ll still be your friend. I hope you believe me.”
he felt. But he’d try to get the right sentences out for him.
When Tony came back, holding two blue drinks, he kneeled beside Steves chair, which made him abundantly smaller than he was compared to himself standing up.
He thought about it. Telling Bucky what was really wrong – the initial intense questioning of his sexuality and self to the awful and detrimental crush to sleeping with and subsequently being dumped by the crush he’d spent months yearning after to seemingly no end. Even after Tony’s rejection it was still impossible to get him out his head, possibly worse so. Because they’d done it, and it was great (at least he’d thought so) – after they just lied together and talked until they fell asleep, but over night it was like someone flipped a switch inside Tony.
“Wait, seriously?” Steve immediately checked himself, remembering it was Tony he was dealing with. “Nah you’re messing with me.”
If he wasn’t ready to put any strings or labels on what they had. Then that was fine. Steve had all the time in the palm of his hand.
Tony must’ve parted the bathroom door a crack after dramatically slamming it so Ty could enter, he had a way of being petty sometimes that made him laugh but it didn’t seem appropriate then.
, hormonal puke of a kiss.
“It’s uhh… overwhelming.” He’d never seen her brow furrow with so much self-doubt before, he hadn’t ever really gotten a chance to know her even though he wanted to. Always fronting with confidence and propping up an impenetrable steel wall.
Steve let out a gentle laugh, the fire seemed fine, especially as it flickered yellow and orange onto Tony’s cheeks, crackling against his skin so naturally like there was already a fire inside him.
“Talk to me? What about?” Steve almost laughed; it was an incredulous situation. Was Ty spying on him? On him and Tony?
Hopefully, in those brief moments of laughter and pure glee where nothing else mattered, Tony would forget that he didn’t want to be that way with Steve, and would keep laughing and smiling in that way he does until he remembers that he doesn’t want Steve to like him.
“Kids these days.” Steve tried to joke, enjoying Tony in the warmth, enjoying how quietly thoughtful he was.
“I’m alright, I’m not the one all... punked up.” If there was any way Steve could be
“Later!” Steve swiftly interrupted and turned towards the lonely bar.
Anyways! thank you all for reading and I hope you don't give up on my writing!
Then his hand was warm, looking to the source, he saw that Tonys bruised and calloused hand had encased his, wrapping his fingers around his fingers and squeezing gently.
with a red and a blue heart - he suspected he was making fun of the way he pronounced his name.
“I’m glad.” Her painted lips strewed into a line as she turned her smile towards Bucky, who had already averted his gaze to her. “I think Steve here needs a drink to loosen up a bit.”
“It’s good to meet you, other one.” Slapping Steve rather roughly on the shoulder with a jovial smile across his face before trudging off in the direction of the kitchen.
Bucky looked hesitant, which wasn’t unusual.
“Uh, I’m not very ‘punk rock’.”
Why else would he be so ready to let someone who is supposed to care about him, walk all over him like he’s even less than a doormat.
“Come on, it’s getting late.”
“I always think you’re hiding something Stark. But I’m thinking rather that, like you said last time, nothing can be held against you. And… The woods can be the rooftop. What is said on the rooftop, stays on the rooftop.” Tony’s finger circled on the ground as he thought, his one revealing trait as he tried his best not to show Steve any kind of reception.
“Whatever. I need to go smoke.” Nat announced to the room, and caused Steve to dip in the couch more as she got up. “Coming?”
Steve grew more and more fond of the idea of drinking until he couldn’t walk and flushing his head down the toilet, in either order. He laughed deprecatingly, without an inch of real joy.
“Hello.” Oh, he had an accent. “Are you the one football player Natasha told me abo-“
Attempting not to cause too much of a scene, although Bruce and Rhodey has somehow ended up laying over one another anyway, the thumping guitar drowning out snores and burps - Steve guided Ty to him and Tonys
“Apparently so. Unfortunately Ty and I have an obligation to take care of eachother or something so...” He chewed the inside of his gum for a moment, scrapping the rest of his conversation and tilting his head towards Steve as if he’d just had an epiphany. “Um. I’m gonna go smoke, on the roof, wanna come?”
“Nope.” Popping the ‘p’ as he pulled out a cigarette, knowing not to offer Steve one.
“Get away with this motherfucker!” Tony leapt up, jumping as much as he could, wrapping his gangly arms around Steve’s neck and pulling him down into the water with him.
“Steve?” It wasn’t Tony, it was Ty. Which for some reason was worse. He knew he couldn’t just keep walking, how did he recognise it was him from the back of his head, his stomach flipped over and over again at the sound of his own name, churning inside him as he slowly turned back around.
“Same old. You still messing around with that kid?”
When at an overcrowded house party with drunken horny college students, you learn to brace yourself before you open a closed door, but he found something, or better yet someone he wasn’t expecting to see.
“That’s for me to decide.”
“Wait, what?”
bed. Bucky didn’t mind, in fact, he was glad for them.
- his hand fell out of his lap, and almost fell on top of Tonys, but he didn’t mind.
“I really don’t like rock music.” He said suddenly. And then smiled, and Tony smiled back. And then they didn’t stop.
“All this time I just – Fuck. Wanted… wanted to… You know.” Tonys eyes fell onto Steve’s lips, his leg tapping on the floor nervously. All it took was for Steve to tilt his chin up, and kiss him gently, for it all to stop. For it all to finally make sense.
it out.
“Trust me. Steve. It’s changed. Everything is changing.”
“Mmh? Sorry, what?” Steve lifted his head up from his notebook which had become an impromptu sketchpad for which he was doodling… something with his ball point pen. Historians and Psychologists might look back at it and recognise it as his gradual slip into insanity caused by an angsty college senior.
Natasha put her ear against the door first. Eventually everyone finding a space according to their height where they could effectively listen, Thor being so tall he could lean over Bruce, Natasha and Rhodey on the right side of the door, Bucky and Clint claimed the left.
“T- OH MY GOD. I can’t believe you! It’s f-fucking freezing in here!” Steve yelled, tall enough to practically stand up in the pond, running his wet hands over himself to stay warm, Tony was laughing, devilishly – squatting on the rock in an attempt to show off to his faux rival once again.
“Are you gonna come?”
“I’m doing it for Tony! He needs his juice!”
“No. We have to stay like this.”
He missed Tony’s forehead against his.
He obviously didn’t know when this occurred, completely coincidental, a twisted change of fate. He no longer enjoyed the soothing tones of jazz or gentle guitar, nope, not at all.
Blinking as the door opened in a flash, to a grinning Tony. He was more dressed down than usual, no makeup on his eyes or barely there black clothing, just a regular button down with some differentiating swirls and spirals over it - he was just as pleasing to look at.
He stopped himself, when he looked at Steve, the black makeup on his left eye smeared across his collarbone, slightly damp and shiny, like blood in the dark.
“You’re so cheesy. Big cheese man.” Tony looked at the floor. He could’ve been blushing. “Why do you even like me?” He asked suddenly, smiling at Steve like he was trying to pass it off as a joke, but it wasn’t.
It was black, and then the blue wallpaper of Tony’s apartment, a picture of Tony, Rhodey and Natasha in a frame by the door.
He swivelled suddenly, gracefully - Tony was fun to watch, no matter what he was doing, he didn’t know if that was creepy but he had a way of making every movement, every word, every look exciting. It could be the unpredictability of him, maybe he wanted everyone around him to be on their toes in his presence, after all, the worst thing you can be, is boring.
“Mm?” He hummed, turning back around.
“-I don’t wanna go home.”
“Hi!”
cry.”
“Oh quit being miserable, come on, let’s get closer, hopefully I can actually see her.”
“Well. See you tonight. I’ll give this to Tony when he’s back.” The aloofness in his voice stirred up something violent inside him, but he better not, he couldn’t afford to get into trouble and lose his scholarship, aside from Tony hating him forever. And then when Ty got to his door, he turned and smirked at Steve, but it wasn’t just a goodbye, it was a challenge.
To remind him he was a big stinking liar.
“Ah. God knows I’ve had many of those conversations. But its mostly me, yaknow, yelling about what a complete an utter psycho that guy is.”
“I’m listening.” He reaffirmed him, whispering, like he didn’t want to stir him.
Steve liked Tony. And like was just a less important version of love, which Steve was sure, no, he
They were laughing too, together, without even realising it.
“Do you always ask so many questions, Tony?”
“Cool. Let’s go.” Tony declared, ignoring them and passing them all by. He would try to be careless, he could try all he wanted,
Surprisingly, Tony gave Steve his number, when Ty went to the bathroom Tony took Steves phone from his hands and demanded he let him put his number in. Tony was, arguably, the weirdest person Steve had ever met.
“I’m sorry about that.” Steve replied with a smile. “I wanted to speak with you about something, something I should’ve said a long time ago.”
“What and he- he hasn’t done the same to you? Over and over again? You’d rather be the person who just shuts up and takes it?”
He began to walk over to Steve, his hand raised as if he was going to speak but he didn’t. Not until he stood before him, chewing the corner of his gum and waiting for the exact, right, moment.
Sure, Tony and Steve hadn’t put a label or a nice wooden sign on their relationship, or whatever it was. But that was fine, why wouldn’t it be? When almost every day was just talking, food, sex, talking, sex, sex, more sex, talking, more food and the occasional movie binge.
Natasha and Bucky were talking, and laughing, waving sparklers around and pretending to point them at one another, it caught Tony’s eye.
He screwed up his face, and wondered if people listened to this for pleasure, and then mentally slapped himself on the wrist for being judgemental, he had a tendency for that sometimes.
He scanned every outlet in the room until he reached the pile of clothes on his desk chair and socks beneath his bed. Sorting through the clean from the dirty, worn and unworn, new and
Tony emerged from the fire exit door, dressed in a large hoodie and pyjama pants, some slide on shoes and Steve had never thought he looked more adorable.
“Shut up, Tony.”
I have recently started uni in england, which is why updates are taking so long along with a lot of mental health problems and generally being overworked etc, I'm so sorry and I'll try and make a schedule and upload more frequently.
He decided to interrupt whatever bout of surprise or shock that was about to come from his friend. “But it’s just a crush. I mean, we slept together bu-“
“It’s overwhelming… Isn’t it?”
“Okay, um. I’ll tell you what, give me your key, I’ll go grab it, we’ll meet at the station, okay?” Steve smiled, squeezing his shoulders.
“Wow… What an honour.” Tony joked, wiping away fake tears to coax a few laughs from his friends. “I’d like to thank… None of you. As being with you, horrible people, makes me wish that I was back in rehab, eating mashed potatoes every single day and going to bed at 8pm.”
“I never
Hi readers! This is a shorter chapter as I haven't posted in a while (as you probably know) and I need to ease myself back into writing before I start dishing out big beefy chapters but I hope you enjoyed this one regardless! I hope you are all staying safe in the current state of the world and know I will be posting updates to all my fics more frequently because I've currently got nothing but time :,).
Fuck that.
“Tony.”
Steve spent a little extra time drinking his coffee to stall the answer to that question – only for it to be knocked away from his mouth, getting froth all over his top lip as something came crashing down on his shoulders.
“U did that on purpose.”
for you. Just name it.”
His friend didn’t really seem angry, or even disappointed, just… confused.
“What do you mean? I was more than pleasant.” Tony sighed, eyeing up Steve’s drink with intrigue.
“Usually…” Tony started. “I would be sat here thinking:
When Tony just kept staring, like Steve was showing him something completely incomprehensible, he flattened it out, reaching forward, tentatively, as Tonys eyes flickered in confusion - he draped it over Tonys shoulders, and his chest and his knees and his arms, it practically covered him completely in the beetle position he curled himself up in.
“We can trade if you want. I got this JD and coke because I thought it would make me look more... sophisticated? But i hate it.”
“Will you come downstairs?” Tony whispered into his lips.
“Hi.”
“No.” The man was blunt, even as Tony folded his arms over the counter, tilting his head to the side almost childishly. Nobody could ever tell anything was wrong, he teased his eyes at Brian and his cinnamon stained apron and greasy stubbly chin.
Steve also helped Tony bleach part of his hair, just a strand at the front that he was planning on dyeing blue another rainy day, and in the process accidentally wiped some on his own sideburn, bleaching a small part of his already blonde hair. It took a while for Tony to explain that it didn’t just ‘come off’ and he would have to wait for it to grow it out and cut it off.
“Why?” He choked out.
“Nat, you were great. All of you were, but, yeah.” Bucky cut in, not meaning to, Natasha replied with a sedated smile, perhaps more focused on the wellbeing of her friend, even if he appeared to be fine.
Tony chewed on his lip. “I think I’m just about done with secrets, really. Might take a shot at telling the truth. That sounds optimistic, right? What is it those life gurus say?
“Too bad we both cant fit under here. Now you look cold.”
“Yeah, actually. Hi.” He spoke shakily, looking at Steve for a moment before looking at his phone, probably so he didn’t have to force conversation.
With each button, he revealed a scar, a white zigzag between his breasts.
He wore a navy-blue shirt that matched the sky that night. A few stars decided to make an appearance, maybe they knew, the city was usually too bright with artificial lights to see any of them.
Steve and Bucky stared at one another, awkwardly, of course, as boys are often.
“I haven’t played it either.”
say.”
“You sure?” Tony bit his lip. He looked so uncertain, and looked up to Steve for reassurance whether he’d admit it or not.
Tony paused, blinking at Steve, as much as the fire crackled beside them. Laughter and music once again all becoming white noise, irrelevant extras in them.
A subtle approach, that might be better. Don’t be too full on. Maybe make a joke -
he would be overtly flirtatious and obnoxious, say something like
The world is pretty scary right now and we all need a distraction even if it's a sad distraction, I know some of you will hate me for this ending but sadly I live for angst.
“I mean you pretty much took the easy job. You must’ve had a role as a possum in a school play or something because you play dead a little too well.”
“There’s no alcohol in this?” He asked as he took it from Tonys hands, brushing his pinky with his pointer finger as he did and muttering a ‘thank you’.
Steve stuttered on whatever he was planning to say, his blush clearly satisfying Tony.
, honest, vulnerable, fiery,
His eyes tracked over Steve in particular. His fault. He made it even worse now. His lashes were painted dark, atleast he hadn’t been crying, otherwise it would've been really obvious.
“Well I’m your
Then he stood up, and began walking around the coffee table, towards him, each step was like a rock on his chest.
There was only the band members Steve had met that night, plus two others he hadn’t seen before, admittedly he’d expected a bigger party. Perhaps this was an exclusive thing, an intimate gathering of friends.
“It’s fine, I took philosophy 101 for a semester so now I’m extra insightful.” She laughed a little, looking down at the table. “So, who are you seeing?”
“Steve, I’ve never been surer of anything. Except for the time that I thought I saw John Travolta wearing crocs in Times Square. I was very sure that time.”
“What happened to yours?”
An invite to a small party was a surprise after all of that.
“Hey!” Tony twisted around and shouted. “Wait for it to cool down first!”
“Oh! You wanna make it fair? Okay. Then you get in the water.”
“What?” He pulled away, almost immediately. “No -“
He didn’t mind being bumped into and knocked around by others on the dancefloor, at some point he actually started to enjoy the rabble, the noise, the contact. Times where he caught Tony smiling at him and he could feel his stomach dance.
He was glad it was dark in there so nobody could notice the blush across his face once Tony pulled away, although he was suddenly very aware that all their friends were looking at them, Tony holding him proudly in his arms was enough. He’d noticed how much Tony would seek safety in him, but never considered that Tony would do the same for him, until that moment.
“What do you mean?” Narrowing his eyes and tilting his head in a curious way.
He pulled up his backpack that was resting beside his chair, reaching into it and pulling out a thick leather book. Tony recognised it immediately. He could pick it out from the first time he saw it.
“I don’t get what’s been going on with you lately Steve.” Bucky huffed. “I thought you were into Tony.”
“Alright, if you’re too scared then I’ll-“
“I was perfectly happy being a loser, thank you.”
It seemed that Tony, who apparently could charm the shit out of a snake, was not getting through to this overweight middle aged man. Steve just watched, Brian glared at him like adults look at teenagers who are yelling on the street, like he was already deciding in his head what kind of guy Steve was.
“I get it. She… was upset. I don’t think she knew how to handle her feelings. And I know what that’s like.”
Squeezing through a mound of couples making out and grinding into the people behind them trying to talk, the corridor to the bathroom was far too narrow and he imagined there would be a very long line to get in, the downstairs bathroom being a prime location for having drunk mediocre sex and tactical throw-ups.
“No!” Tony snapped, harsh and fast almost tripping Steve up on his heels. He spun around, to face him, interrogate him even. His eyes were red and full of sorrow and regret, sending a sick feeling to the wound that was already in Steve’s stomach. “We shouldn’t have done that. We should have never crossed that line, not you and me.” The air between each word grew with intensity, each breath shakier in his throat. “That’s not me, I can’t be that person.”
“I - yeah I get it. Is there anything else I should know?”
“I believe you.” Steve smiled, contently. “Finish that, and then we’ll head to my apartment.”
when to stop.”
Tony stopped like the wind had pushed him back. “I don’t know.” Throwing his head over his shoulder one more time. “How will you know if I’m telling the truth?” And with one more flash of his signature, mysterious smile, Tony turned and left into the stairwell.
!” Clint replied.
“13.” His nose twitched when he said it, the dry smile still looming on his face. “Who to?” Tony asked.
“Kinda. Yeah. I don’t really wanna be in this situation.”
Maybe if he asked, Bucky would come with him, he’d probably like to see Natasha, but it was weird, he was weird.
“I don’t like it. I don’t like it at all I- “
Ease aside, it didn’t make the actual words on the paper better.
“We didn’t want to come for the same reasons... I suppose.”
“-As in, just let me know when you wanna leave. I ain’t gonna hold it against you.” That meant, ‘you look ridiculously nervous, please try and talk to someone before you get existentially sad.’
After Steve got up, thankfully, boner-less, got dressed, brushed his teeth, exercised his regular boring routine and wound up back on his bed, Bucky had either decided to start talking to him or was just speaking aloud to himself.
Maybe if he just stared at him long enough, the right words would come to him, a resolution or a witty comeback, but he couldn’t. It was a mystery in itself, how Tony had this affect on him, he’d seen this boy at a gig, and he’d somehow managed to disrupt his life completely like a whirlwind of hormones and eyeliner and nicotine and bullshit.
Steve’s voice was cold as he spoke. “Your sick obsession with Tony should’ve ended when he threw you out of your own apartment Ty. I thought you were supposed to be the big hot shot, aren’t you the heir to a company? And here you are arguing the rub with me. You need help, Ty. Not Tony.”
“I play football, like
Like when two ‘roid monkeys asked Steve and Bucky where they were going the next night, and Steve felt kind of cool.
“Basically the equivalent of a communion wafer.”
. Maybe it would end up killing him, but he’d stopped caring, all there was was...
or something like that, that probably didn’t apply but, how could he not? It was so hard not too. “You know pretzels were invented by a monk? So it’s basically a spiritual snack.”
Whatever came over him in that moment, he’ll never know. Because his hand was on Tony’s cheek, pulling his face back towards his, and he was kissing him like it was the only thing that could keep him alive.
While everyone proceeded to get more drunk and progressively louder, sitting or slumped around the living room - they were attempting to play various party games that people had brought. Only some of them actually involved drinking, like this card game where you have to take a shot every time you fail at doing a task or choose who has to take a shot if you succeed. Steve only got chosen twice, and they must’ve all known Tony well enough that they never chose him, even though he was drinking shots of grenadine syrup.
“Right. Of course.” His hands were as shaky as the words leaving his mouth, moving up the length of Tonys chest so he could slip open the buttons leading down from his collarbones. Each one exposing more of Tonys chest, by the fourth button, Tony shivered at Steves touch, letting out a playful giggle, bumps rising on his skin.
He was glad he didn’t think he was strange. “Never get a chance to. Not my fault you’re the equivalent of small town famous.”
So it seemed that apologies weren’t even easy with Tony, not that they should be, but he was so good at turning simple gestures into part of his big distraction game – don’t feel too much, don’t show it, get over it, look, look, I have something shiny, oh please get lost in my big brown lovely doe eyes and forget anything ever happened, forget that everything isn’t okay.
Steve hadn’t heard that doubting voice in head for weeks. Tony seemed to drown it out.
thought he was straight.
He cleared his throat and wore a proud smile as he wrapped his arm around Natasha’s mesh covered shoulder, squeezing her as she smiled at him and only him with her bright red lips.
moved away but thought not too. It was difficult to tell what Tony was feeling, his eyes were genuine but his lips trembled as if they didn’t know whether to smile or not, like he didn’t know right from wrong. “See? That was a secret, or a truth. Get it now.”
“Your back is against the wall...”
Every second waiting seemed like an hour, he paced back and forth making sure the tiny tea candles he’d lit on the brick wall hadn’t gone out, using a red lighter with ‘AHHHH’ carved into it that Tony left in his room. He should have given it back but it made him smile so he kept it in his drawer.
“I wish almost dying was enough motivation to stop me from hurting myself. But I don’t
“Since when are you friends with Tony Stark?” He looked at Steve in particular.
And Tony knew, smiling back.
“Well what about you?”
Tony spoke with such certainty, that he could make people believe that he himself believed what he was saying, a casual saunter that always lingeried in his voice, careless and vaguely persuasive. A flicker of gold and red in his eyes as a police car passed down the street gave himself away.
“I know.” Sympathetically, he grazed his thumb against the edge of her wrist as he thought of what to say. But his clouded mind had its own thoughts. “It makes you wonder how you felt before you were… Overwhelmed. And whether you’ll ever go back to being that – that ignorant, that ignorant and free before you met – before it happened.”
“No, I wasn’t.” Steve placed a subtle hand on Tony’s back. “If you’re worried about that, you don’t need to be, not with me. Ever.”
“Right. Well. Uh.” Sitting up on the edge of his bed, back to the window for the first time in days.  “I need to own up to something.” Steve let out a big sigh to prepare himself for what he was about to say.
“Uhhghh… I didn’t think you’d wanna see me after how we… left things and all that.”
Tony paused, staring at him like he’d said something wrong. His eyes were still just as big and brown and his lashes just as thick and curled towards him without all the accents, and they crinkled with lovely lines beneath them when he smiled suddenly.
“More like he’s messin’ around with me. I’m hanging out with Steve.”
Tony was going to meet him on campus one November afternoon at one of the very overpriced coffee shops by the library, decorated in many bright colours like a kindergarten playroom with posters about LGBT groups and petitions for more vegan options at the cafeteria. Steve never really went there himself; he didn’t start drinking coffee until he met Tony who consumed it like he needed it to stay alive.
“Are you serious, Tony? Wha- Not that this is even any of your business-“
“Ok?”
Everyone, who must now all be caught up, watched in anticipation at the expected confrontation.
“They’re - uh - they’re for you.”
“I tried to walk home. Or back to the club, I don’t really know. I bumped into Ty, it was like the first time I saw him in years since he went away. I guess it all kind of made sense then, like I was supposed to see him. He was there, then, he hadn’t been for so long but then he was there and nobody else was. I guess in some way he’d always been there.”
