“Don’t believe a word of ‘em,” Bucky says, and Steve has to laugh at that, interrupting the weird flirtation happening at his kitchen table.
He has Steve panting and gasping by the time he finally enters. He pulls back and watches as the head of his cock pushes past the tight rim of Steve’s entrance and he feels Steve’s muscles clench—tight, so tight—and then ease.
“I’m real sorry I ruined the evening.”  Steve steps out, letting the doors go.  Tony stands stock still for a moment, and then spurs to action just in time to slip into the hall.
The winter air hits him crisp and bitter cold as he steps out onto the sidewalk, but the day is bright and sunny and what’s left of the snow is churning to slush in the gutter.  Except for in some of the parks, snow never stays long in the city.
is Steve's outfit for the premiere. This poor boy didn't even own a tux, if you can believe that! It was a situation that needed immediate remedy.”
Bucky stays behind Tony but his touch is loose, his guidance gone. He lets Tony take control of Steve’s body, Steve’s legs dropping to Tony’s shoulders. Tony locks focus on Steve’s face, driving hard and fast until Steve’s eyes roll back into his head again and his lips part, but there is no sound. His eyelids flutter shut, long lashes wet with tears of pleasure as his orgasm wracks his body. His chest and stomach muscles contract, his legs tightening and spreading like he’s still trying to get Tony further inside. His toes curl and his fingers grapple for purchase he can’t possibly get against the smooth wood of the headboard. Everything about this makes it the most gorgeous thing that Tony has ever seen.
“Tony.”  His name again.  Steve has this way of saying it that sounds like both a plea and an order.  Tony doesn’t know how that’s possible and he knows why most everything is possible.
The zipper fully opened, the flaps of Steve’s jeans fall open in a vee that perfectly frames his impressive erection, straining against the thin cotton of his white boxer-briefs.  Tony cups his hand over the bulge, his own cock pulsing with excitement as he feels Steve’s length throb under his palm.
Natasha arches an eyebrow at Tony and taps the arc reactor through the fabric of his thin black tank as she passes by him.  Tony frowns at her unspoken observation.
“Buck, we don’t have to do this now,” Steve assures him, moving closer. “We can take a moment. We can take the whole night, the whole week, if we want to. This doesn’t have to be all worked out—”
“He’s really a very lovely man,” Pepper declares, taking a seat on the oversized armchair an arm’s length away.  Tony rolls his eyes and moves a pillow behind his head.    “Do you want to talk about it?”
But to his surprise, Janet Van Dyne deftly stops the small rock, pinning it easily beneath the pointed toe of her bright red high-heeled shoe. She smiles at him as he looks up, lips a matching shade of red and her teeth brilliantly white.
Steve nervously pulls at the collar of his crisp white shirt and adjusts his new suit, which is made of this dark navy blue material that has this strange, near sheen to it.  It seems to shimmer under the string lights.  The narrow tie matches, of course, and Steve’s never worn a suit tailored so well.  Besides making him feel guilty, the exorbitant cost of his clothes also makes him scared to eat or drink a thing, terrified he’ll clumsily spill.
to find out where they took him, I will do it,” He takes a step toward Tony, desperate and pleading.  Hill yanks him back, pins him hard against the door with one hand.  She lets him keep talking though.  “I don’t care about what happens to me.  I don’t care if I wind up a blubbering fool in an insane asylum, or if they have to lock me up forever.  I will die for him.  I will.  Just figure something out.”
“Yeah.  I suppose so.”  They could stay there.  It would be easy.  It might even make sense.  But not using the tower seems like a forfeit, a failure.  And the more Tony thinks about moving everyone in there, the more he feels like it would be capping the year off in triumph.  He’ll have won New York back.  He’ll have won
Steve puts his hands on his knees, ignoring Tony’s complaint.  He only ran 18 miles and at a damn near leisurely pace.  He’s barely broken a sweat, so Tony’s just trying to rile him up and distract him from the matter at hand.
“So it’s probably going to matter that he doesn’t seem to like me much.” Tony observes, and Steve tilts his head.
To anyone else, the scene might seem inviting. They may not be famous but they are undoubtedly a group of attractive people, well dressed enough to be noticed but not so much as to signal intimidating riches. They are warmly lit, their body language open. They smile and laugh pleasantly, passing drinks and gossip, camaraderie practically spilling forth from them like the groundswell of an uplifting music cue.
“Who’s there?”  Steve’s voice cuts through the darkness, the mattress shifting and creaking as he sits up.  Tony can barely make out his shape in the shadows.
“Well…a good man once told me not to.” He shrugs.  All their time together during the war, Bucky looked at him with amazement and disbelief, but not awe.  It’s strange to see it on his face now.  “You don’t seem all that different either, Barnes.”
He leaves for Malibu for a few days.  The house is crushingly Pepper-less so he Howard Hughes’ it for as long as he can personally stand it.  Fury calls him after four days and says he’d prefer Stark back in the city to keep an eye on things as Bruce and Betty set to work on Barnes, but Tony doesn’t oblige.
There’s a list of supplies they need for that afternoon’s work that everyone’s been scribbling down throughout the morning, so Steve pulls the paper from the clipboard, folds it in quarters, and slips it into his pocket. The pencil gets tucked over his right ear.
He had thought about telling Steve, once, when he got his call up and he realized he’d be going to war and might never come home. But he’d thought about doing that to Steve, putting that on him and then going off and
As much as he associates the house with his parents, he also associates the house with the flesh and blood Edwin Jarvis, and that gives him a certain sense of security.  Until he’d met Rhodey and Pepper, the old man had been the closest thing to real family he had.
“Captain.”  Fury greets him firmly but not without respect, and knocks twice on the metal door, signaling for Natasha to come on out.  She reluctantly pulls away from her quiet conversation.
.  A strip of photos catches Tony’s attention.  It must be from a photo booth on the boardwalk at Coney Island, because Tony can’t imagine where else they would have found one these days.  He has no idea how four people crammed into one of those tiny spaces, but they seemed like they’d had fun trying.
Steve’s mouth slants perfectly over his, tongue sliding deep and pulling him immediately into a world where only the two of them exist.  Tony lets himself get lost in it, reveling in the feel of Steve’s lips, the warmth and strength of his body pressed close, the tug of his strong fingers threading through his hair.
“Dig the Beetlejuice reference, Cap.  That was almost current.”  Clint bumps him on the shoulder and Steve’s grateful to him for breaking the tension.
A busboy finally comes by and clears off the table, wiping it down quickly and giving Steve a word of apology that he assuredly does not need. Steve musters a smile for him and Sam pats the young man on the shoulder before he walks away.
Steve’s whole body is wound tightly again; the line of his back is tense and he’s unconsciously grinding his teeth in that way he does when he’s bottling up his feelings, holding back for fear of saying something wrong.
Steve can see it now, Tony building a small bot to clean out the inside of the pumpkin and then using the holo to project an intricate design onto the curved surface, maybe using lasers to precisely carve out an elaborate image.
“I am not familiar with this Picasso fellow, some time in the near future you must avail me of his exploits.”
“Let’s see…I was going under the knife to have the arc removed.” Tony draws an imaginary circle on his chest where the reactor used to be.  “And injecting myself with a volatile virus in order to basically turn myself into the most highly advanced technology on the planet.”
“Barnes has been operating on behalf of the Russian government under the codename of Winter Soldier.  Agent Romanoff had contact with him in this guise prior to her involvement with SHIELD.  Before today, she was our only agent to have met the man face to face.  While working through your file after your recovery, she recognized your associate Barnes as the one we now know as the Winter Soldier and has been working to locate him since that time.”
“Well tinkering happens to be a hobby of mine as well. Quite good at it, actually, the tinkering. Is this what I think it is?” Tony flicks on the work light above the table and swings it over, bending down to look more closely.
Steve sighs, looking up at Tony with patient concern.  His hands smooth up Tony’s thighs before coming to rest at his waist, holding him there.
“Why am I here, Tony?” Something in the way Steve says his name gives him away; it’s in that last syllable, soft and plaintive and a little bit wounded. Tony can hear it so clearly and it makes his heart ache.
“You probably never give up, do you.”  He finishes a half-formed notion that began somewhere unspoken and came out a damning accusation and an awed observation.   Steve’s brow furrows and his hold tightens almost imperceptibly on the glass.  Tony lets go of it and stands up.
The whole trip would’ve been a lot better if he’d been with Steve.  He realizes how idiotic the sentiment is, considering he’d gone to D.C. to
He's still got his chin tucked over Steve's shoulder, and he finds himself oddly transfixed by the blurry red numbers on the digital alarm clock on their nightstand, so innocuous next to the stack of Steve's books and the art deco table lamp they'd picked out together at some flea market in Chelsea. The day they got it had been so hopelessly domestic and couple-y that Tony was sure that ten years ago he would've hated doing it—if he had even been convinced to go in the first place—but now he nearly smiles every time he turns on the damn light.
“I don’t want to have to try and explain to the authorities that you were murdered by an AI.  I’d rather not spend the next 25 to life at Sing Sing.”
.  It’s about this absolute lout of a guy who finds out, after his father dies, that he has an older brother who is autistic and has spent his life in a home.  His dad, who was pretty much the asshole to end all assholes, actually leaves all the family money to
“Who’s funding you? All this.” Tony gestures around Bruce’s cluttered workshop. Bruce looks at him, face crinkling in confusion. He picks his small screwdriver back up, worrying it in his hands.
Tony turns, gestures back toward the party.  Behind the large floor to ceiling windows, it’s easy to see everything playing out in tableaux before them.  Steve searches the crowd for their friends.  Bucky and Natasha are at the bar, drinking their way through a bottle of vodka.  Nat’s smiling, for once not hiding her happiness.  Bucky’s gaze never leaves her face.
It stings a little, once he parses Steve’s polite, detached speech and realizes that he has in essence been rebuffed as Steve’s shoulder to lean on.  It should be fine, since Tony never meant to offer that shoulder in the first place.  Instead it feels like the kind of rejection Tony hasn’t allowed himself to feel in years.
“You’re still angry with me.”  It’s not a question, because Natasha doesn’t do that, doesn’t approach a situation unsure and fumble her way around.  She has a point and she’ll make it.  “I wouldn’t change what I did.  I could’ve been mistaken.  We might’ve been unable to bring him in.  If you’d known, you might have had to hunt down and kill your own best friend.  I didn’t want that for you.”
After their rushed trailer tryst that afternoon, all Tony wanted was to make long, lingering love to Steve tonight. He's so tired of having to frantically steal every moment. But taking their time is not in the cards, and that's his fault. All he can do is make Steve fall apart, as quickly and as quietly as he can.
“Just…make sure you’re not turning things down for the wrong reasons, okay? You can handle whatever comes your way, and you deserve to be successful. Your past is nothing to run from. You should be proud of what you’ve done.”
Barnes is stirring, sitting up and clutching his head.  Tony stalks over to him, stands over him menacingly.
He carefully climbs into bed beside Steve, pulling the covers up and settling in.  He moves close but doesn’t touch.   He doesn’t ask if this is okay because he can’t risk the answer.
“Steven America is much better, you should consider a legal change.  Hey, if Rhodey were here, you’d hit the trifecta, the trio, you’d collect the complete set.  Pep, tell me, where is our darling James Rhodes right now?”
“Don't fidget.” Jan pulls his hands back down by his sides. “It ruins the lines. We want Tony to see how fantastic you look. Doesn't he look fantastic, Tony, dear?”
“Tony, if this is something that’s going to come out, if this is something that we need to get ahead of…” Pepper puts her hands on her hips, reclaiming her bearings and getting ready to fight. “There’s things we can do. We can manage this. Let me call Steve and we can strategize a response—”
“It’s okay, Tony.”  Steve’s smile is sad and half-hearted, now.  “I know what they used me for after I was gone.  Heck, there were comics and film reels and all that before – I was part of it.  I knew what they were using me for back when I was alive.”
Clint is warbling some circus song by the time Steve deposits him carefully onto the sofa in the communal living room.  Natasha sinks down beside him, mumbling something drowsily in Russian.  Steve’s a bit rusty, but he thinks she says something about wanting to go to the ballet, or maybe being in the ballet.
The double-entendres are loaded, and Steve wonders if Tony fully understands that there’s a serious undertone to all these joking words about futures.
“I’m good here.”  Tony pops the last bit of crust into his mouth and starts in on another piece.  He lifts his foot and rests it on one of the bars of Steve’s stool, keeping his own chair from sliding as he moves.  They eat the rest of the pizza in companionable silence.
“Clint and I are gonna go out on the porch, tell Tony and Natasha to meet us out there with the candles.”
“And there was never any moment where you thought he would?” After seeing the way Bucky looks at Steve now, with Steve as he was that night Bucky last saw him at the Stark Expo, Tony can’t possibly imagine that his love for Steve wasn’t written all over his face back then, plain as day.
“And…I’ve been had.”  He sighs and sets the water down on the countertop.  He has to smile, because they really played a good game.  He believed every second of it.  Tony waits for him to explain.
He doesn’t want to leave Tony for Bucky, and the thought that maybe he doesn’t have to make a choice is revelatory. To be honest he still hasn’t wrapped his mind around it entirely. It had seemed like such an impossibility but Tony…
With his other hand, he takes one of Steve’s, twining his oil-stained fingers with Steve’s paint splattered ones.  He folds their combined grasp on the top of the table between their place settings and stares at his boyfriend’s pale lips, remembering how swollen and lushly pink they’d looked last night when they’d been wrapped around his cock.  He flushes with heat, thinking of Steve on his knees.
Tony knows what she must see – the same wrinkled clothes, the unshaven face, the bloodshot eyes.  He’s a disaster, and her concern is written plainly all over her face.
“Jan designed all my costumes, Stark – she's seen me far less dressed than this,” Steve explains, sitting down on a nearby armchair to pull on his shoes. He's discovered it's far easier than hopping around on one foot behind the screen without a shoehorn, so he'd shifted to doing it this way ages ago.
It turns out that “just the place” is an automat on St. Mark’s called BAMN!  While it’s hardly a Horn & Hordart, Steve’s tickled pink that Tony found it and thought to bring him here.
“Didn’t end up going.  Buck came over for a while and then I got to painting.  Haven’t had much time for that lately.”
“Yeah, it was one of the shots where the sound didn’t roll. It’s a short enough gap to fill that we’re just using the MOS we got, and the Foley guys laid down an ambient track.”
“Makes you think,” Steve replies, looking down the street at the neighboring houses, home lights on against the darkness of the night.  Behind each window, everyone’s just going about their lives.  “In fifty years, people will probably look back on things folks are doing now and wonder how we could all be so stupid.”
“Alright man, but I gotta go ‘cross the bridge and go up through the city rather than take the expressway and hit the tunnel.  East side’s still a mess over there from all that crazy alien Avengers shit.  Gonna cost you extra.”
Tony’s floor now, and Steve invited him up, it never feels right to be here when Tony is too. Maybe it’s because Tony has never done the inviting, or that he and Tony have never been alone here without Steve, but whenever Tony arrives, Bucky instantly feels like an intruder in their private space.
“If you want to see me more often, buddy, all you gotta do is ask. I miss you too.” Rhodey claps a hand to Tony’s shoulder as they duck under the wing and walk toward the front of the plane.
Steve throws his hands up against the headboard and tosses his head back against the pillows. The rosy flush of arousal is creeping from his face and neck down to his chest. His body is pulling ever more taut, muscles tensing against the onslaught of pleasure. His cock is flat against his abs, a string of come stretching from the tip to his stomach, pooling on his skin. It’s like Steve’s having a long, slow, drawn out orgasm, come forced out of him in a weak but steady stream.
“That’s not…” Tony mutters, rubbing his elbow like Steve had injured him.  Steve is hyper-aware of his own strength though, and he’s sure Tony’s just being petulant.  “Playing Barbara Walters isn’t the solution.”
“He wants to sit down, all three of us, tomorrow. Or, I guess today, rather.” He glances over Tony’s shoulder at the alarm clock on the nightstand. It’s after midnight, after all.  “We didn’t settle anything. Not until we all could talk together.”
It’s actually very quiet on this vacant street, and the warmth of the sun makes him feel lethargic. The previous night's lack of sleep is hitting him now, and it's hitting him hard. He shouldn’t have sat down.
Bucky brings the cigarette back to his lips, cheeks hollowing as he breathes in deep.  His face is far less gaunt than it was a month ago but his cheekbones still stand in stark relief, his face angled with shadows.  He’s silent in consideration as he holds the smoke in for a moment before letting it go.
“Yeah, I don’t think even I could fake an ounce of cynical disdain now,” Tony replies.  “You’ve fucking ruined me.”
But he lifts an eyebrow in challenge anyway, waiting for Tony to read his expression as the waiter departs with a small bow.
“Then why are you here?” Bucky asks, with a hint of frustration. “I mean, I know what Tony said, but I know you, Steve, this isn’t you.”
“And that never used to bother you.” Tony retorts, raising his eyebrows at Bucky. He stops beside him, facing him, and leans one elbow against the railing. “But now it does. Why.”
“And I doubt you’re someone who takes being ignored lightly,” Steve replies.  Tony taps a finger to his own temple and then points at Steve like he’s got it in one.  “Can’t see you taking that laying down.  So, what’s your sketchbook?”
He supposes he should be upset that he cannot remember his own history, that all he knows is what he’s been told, but he simply does not care.
Steve stares at Tony, not sure what to say or how to act.  Seeing Tony hurts, yes, but there’s also a strange sense of relief, like he’d been unknowingly holding his breath and now can exhale.  Tony looks beautiful in the way only Tony can be beautiful, smooth but just a little bit rough, suave but just a little bit broken.  Even with a short glance, Steve can see cracks in that polished veneer, the small things that make Tony gorgeous in ways well beyond his appearance.  Everything would be a lot easier if Steve couldn’t see them.
Bucky pulls back and tugs his shirt off himself, clumsily getting caught in the tangle of sleeves. They both laugh as he finally frees his arms, and Bucky kisses him again even as they grin against each other’s mouths. Bucky doesn’t lower his body back down all the way though, holding himself above Steve, palms flat against the couch cushion on either side of his shoulders.
“You think I’m being overdramatic but I’m actually making an astute prediction of the months to come. Tony Stark’s gonna mess with our livelihood – hell, our
“Stark.” Natasha greets him as she rises from the mat with seemingly no effort at all.  Steve gets up with considerably less grace.   “Come to get some of that much-needed practice, I hope?”
“Zvvvt, zip it for one more second,” Tony holds up a finger to silence him, tugging him forward with his other hand.  Steve lets himself be led into a red and yellow car, biting back his questions as Tony slams and locks the door.  Despite there being room for six, their car is apparently full at two.  Tony had slipped something to the operator to head an argument off at the pass, and Steve can only imagine the size of the bill.
“Actually, from what I can recall, I kinda thought he was an arrogant self-centered prick,” Bucky states, not smiling.  “I’m not Steve, I don’t own a pair of rose-colored glasses.”
Tony gasps at the feel of cold porcelain against his naked skin, and they both laugh into each other’s mouths, surprised and breathlessly light. Tony’s hands grope his backside, urging him closer to rut their cocks together. Their laughter fades away into the steam as Steve reclaims Tony’s lips.
“Lovely to see you again, Mr. Stark.” His accent sounds like Falsworth’s, but not quite. In any other circumstance, Steve might have introduced himself and asked him where he once called home, but Steve’s out of place here, and its feels safer to stay silent.
Steve steps forward, carefully hitting his mark as to not cast Wanda’s face in shadow, and then wraps his hands around her slim waist to pull her closer. Just as he’s about to bend to kiss her, a 1K Fresnel blows with a loud pop and sizzle, rendering the flag that’s providing Wanda’s eye light utterly useless.
He attempts to re-focus but his previous thoughts remain a steady undercurrent to everything running through his mind now.
!” Lensherr yells from beside the camera. “Das ist doch alles Scheiße!”  Various people snap into motion the second the camera stops rolling.
In the logical part of his brain and the sensible chamber of his heart, he doesn’t want to do this to Pepper.  If –
Instinctively Tony lifts his hands from Steve’s shoulders, creating what space he can between them when they’re literally still wrapped around each other.  He doesn’t want to let go, but he can feel embarrassment and confusion practically radiating from Steve.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Tony waving Scott over to their pow-wow, taking Bruce’s place in the circle as the DP gratefully departs. Lang looks even more harried than the rest of them, his short brown hair sticking up every which way and the back of his plaid shirt dark with sweat. He and Lensherr exchange words, with the director spitting out a few choice ones in German, before Tony steps back in and pulls Scott off to the side. Lensherr glowers as they walk away.
“I’m awake,” Steve mumbles drowsily, only shifting back toward Tony slightly instead of rolling over to greet him as he usually does when Tony sneaks in from a late night in the workshop.
“Y…y-yes,” Steve stammers, forcing his eyes open to look at them both. Tony breaks rhythm with Bucky, thrusting harder. Bucky adjusts to follow him this time.
“Are you supposed to be here?” Tony counters, suspecting that they’re both where they should not be.
In this new position, Steve is practically in his lap and Tony and Bucky both hold him up, Tony’s arms wrapped around his midsection and Bucky’s metal arm firm across his shoulders. His fingers brush Steve’s neck, his jawline, his chin. Tony breaks his kiss with Bucky to turn his attention to Steve’s mouth, kissing him for all he’s worth as he starts thrusting up into Steve’s body again. Steve is looser and wetter now, his muscles quivering with exhaustion.
Bucky advances on the bed, good hand curled in a tight fist by his side. Bucky has never hit him, but it’s nonetheless clear in this moment that Bucky is holding himself back.
“It’s not…” Steve starts, and then hesitates.  He leans against the railing, looking out toward the ocean.  Tony mimics his stance, resting his elbows on the worn wood and bending slightly forward.  “There’s just a lot about you that I don’t know yet.”
Tony’s phone starts buzzing.  He hears it, but he can’t process the information, all he can think about is those six words Pepper just spoke, turning over and over in his head.  He stares at Pepper, who stares back.  The buzzing stops, but quickly begins again.  Someone clearly wants to get a hold of him.
“Steve…” Bucky whispers reverently, already sitting up to get his hands back on him and pull him in. Steve lets himself be moved closer, but only enough to hook his fingers over the waistbands of both Bucky’s jeans and boxers. Bucky lifts his hips and Steve tugs them down over the curve of Bucky’s ass, down his thick thighs and muscular calves, and over his long, elegant feet. His cock, once free, slaps up against his flat abs, hard and leaking and beautiful.
“That was you, holding it back?” Steve laughs.  Tony trails his hand down the side of his neck, stopping at the collar of Steve’s pale blue Henley.
He hasn’t been dismissed and every person in the room starts in at once to try and make him stay, but there’s nothing that anyone could say to make him do so.
Bucky is strangely breathless too, his eyes slightly wild. He’s barefoot, and his hair is down and more than a little rumpled. Tousled, like he’s been running and tugging his hands through it. His red and gray plaid shirt is untucked and unbuttoned, a loose white tee underneath with the v-neck just a little stretched, and his denims are worn soft at the knees. He looks perfect.
“I never left.”  Steve corrects, surprised that Tony didn’t know that already.  Tony’s face is carefully blank.  Steve looks away as fast as he can, not wanting anything on his own face to be accidentally read as a challenge. “I crashed on the couch, I hope that’s okay.”
She moves like she’s going to spin a crescent kick up high and at the last second continues full circle and comes around to drop down low, sweeping Steve’s feet out from under him.   He lands flat on his back with a resounding thud.
Steve also seemed designed as his exact contradiction, from the big things – Steve firmly Green Party, while Tony refused to vote on the principle that the whole system was corrupt – to the tiny things, like how Steve swore by Stereogum and Tony was diehard Pitchfork.  They argued about everything.
“Never expected to be with another man, seventy years in the future?” Tony laughs breathlessly, his hands slipping on the countertop.  “Can’t imagine why you didn’t see that one coming.”
to stop doing this.” He coughs, sitting up.  The Hulk reaches over and shoves him back to the ground, grunting.
“Tony?”  Steve is insistent on turning to face him now and Tony keeps his eyes closed against Steve’s concern.  A hand goes to the side of his face and Tony is helpless to lean into the touch.  “Tony, the thought’s never crossed my mind.  Why would you even ask that?”
Steve chooses to ignore her.  He puts the milk back without even having poured a glass and puts thoughts of breakfast aside until later. All the telltale signs of another set-up, another blind date, are in the air. Natasha’s winding up to something.
He checks with JARVIS later and finds out that Steve stayed down there alone until dinnertime, occasionally glancing up to see if Tony had returned but not budging otherwise.  It’s then that Tony decides something needs to be done.
“Hello to you too, lovely,” Tony says. He imagines Bucky clutching the note in his metal fist, crushing it in his grip. “As I wrote, I’m heading out of town.” He leans against the wall of the cabin, ducking down a little to look out one of the small, thick windows at the dark clouds passing below. It will be quite late in London when he arrives, and it must just be getting dark in New York. Steve surely must have tried to talk to Bucky by now. “Have you seen Steve?”
“He’s asking for you,” he informs her quietly, sounding defeated.  He holds open the door for her but looks at the ground as she passes by and into the room.  The second she’s clear he lets the door close, and heads toward the exit like the place is on fire.
“Am I interrupting something?” Tony freezes halfway through stepping out the window.  Steve hears Bucky heave a sigh.
.  There are only a few feet between them but Tony seems miles away.  He’d obviously rather be somewhere, anywhere else, his distance and distraction abundantly clear.
It hadn’t taken too much convincing, honestly. Studio execs are more forgiving of people who do damage to unions rather than strengthen them, and Steve suspected that even without his assistance, Scott’s time on the blacklist was already nearing an end. Juicers with Scott’s level of expertise in both mechanical and electrical engineering are hard to come by.
“Okay.” Steve pulls at the hem of his t-shirt, straightening his appearance.  “Do I need my coat, are we going somewhere?”
“All right.  At least I should get you some water.  Is there any available in here or do I need to go out to Refreshments?”  Steve starts to get up but Tony waves him back down.
“I may be a bit biased, however, as Tony and I go way back. We’ve been friends since we were children.” Jan explains.
“Oh lord, don’t say things like that, someone might hear you.”  Tony warns him, sighing overdramatically.  “I have a reputation to protect.”
The communications center, a vast cavernous space that actually rises up three stories, lays blown to pieces in front of him.  There’s a huge hole in the far wall, blasted straight through to the outside.  He can see the New York skyline stretching indifferently into the night.
“Check in.”  Tony Stark’s a busy man – a busy man with much more important things to do than simply “check in” with someone like him.
Maybe they could have had more than stolen kisses bolstered by drunken courage.  Maybe instead of Bucky reaching over, pulling him close and pushing inside him in the middle of the night, carefully quiet and hidden in the darkness, they could have made love in the light of morning, loud as they wanted to be.  Maybe instead of dancing around it and pretending it meant less than it did, they could have talked about it.  Named it.  Stopped denying it.
“Well, what’s a few.  It’s a relative term.”  Tony shrugs.  They’re all silent until around floor twenty-five when Barnes turns to him, sarcastically hopeful.
“A person can be more than one thing. Furthermore, the problem here isn’t my daddy issues. I’m well acquainted with those, Pepper and I have already had this talk regarding Steve.”
“It’s not that I don’t think you can take it,” Steve responds quickly.  “I know you can.  And I’m sure if it came down to the wire, you’re far more skilled than I am.  But-“
“Just have to make whatever comes to mind, then,” he mumbles to himself, wishing that Tony had at least given him some clue as to his preferences for food. He likes planning, not guessing.
“Quite unique.” Bruce says diplomatically, taking a seat on a stool beside Thor and opening up the academic journal he’d brought down with him.  He shoots a confused look at Tony, who mouths back
“No. I mean, yes, but to say he worked for my father isn’t really accurate.” Rhodey starts to cut in, not about to debate the finer points of the matter when there are clearly a lot of bigger things to discuss. Tony stalls. “Accuracy is important, I’m a scientist, you know this.”
Pepper doesn’t argue it further, mainly because it’d been a perfunctory exercise in the first place, a hopeless attempt to get him to calm down.  She knows better, but dealing with his restlessness and concern when the Avengers went to battle without him is something neither of them has been handling well.
“Fuck, you’re beautiful,” Tony whispers as they lock eyes in the mirror. Steve can see how much he means it, and all Steve can think is that he actually
“Maybe everyone will stop hitting on you now.” Tony pulls back just enough to speak.  He sounds like he’s aiming for a joke but not entirely sure he’s not serious.
Instead they have this: Steve sitting what feels like a mile away and Tony with absolutely no idea what to say to him.
That reminds him, Steve had mentioned wanting to try Korean barbecue as the 7 had rattled through Flushing the other night.  He makes the suggestion for post-battle lunch and Natasha cuts him off before anyone can answer.
“I do not…I…I just feel better when he’s here in L.A. working under the AMPP, that’s all. Those airshows have all the safety precautions of the Flying Wallendas, for Christ’s sake.”
is on the tip of his tongue but it won’t fall all the way over, instead remaining silent there just before the point of speech.
“You said something about breakfast?” His voice is rough and he’s not sure if it’s the usual morning gruffness or something else. Steve brings a hand to the hollow of his throat, remembering how Tony had wrapped his fingers loosely around his neck when he’d been the one flat on his back, Tony thrusting between his legs. It hadn’t been hard enough to choke, just a little extra pressure that heightened every sensation of Tony moving inside him. He’d rather liked it. He hopes Tony left a bruise.
“Are you having someone keep tabs on me?”  Steve’s shocked, and Tony lets out a surprised shout of laughter.
“Call me on my cell if you need anything.”  And there would’ve been the perfect opportunity to just spit it out – say
“Okay, Tony.” Steve is back to being half-asleep already, somehow soothed by the sound of Tony’s incessant prattling.
They spend the next two nights in Denver.  Which is patently ridiculous, because Aspen is a stone’s throw away.  He has to pick them up some decent clothes before taking Steve out on the town, and that involves a little
Tony lets Steve’s harsh words linger in the air between them for a moment before quietly leading Steve back outdoors. The moon is out but it’s just a sliver of light, barely reflecting on the night waves of the Pacific.
“He likes expensive location shooting out in the middle of the god forsaken desert. Who in their right mind likes the desert? I’ve seen enough desert to last me two lifetimes.” He arches an eyebrow at her before turning on his heel and marching onward, tossing another criticism over his shoulder. “I also hear he’s a mean old drunk.”
Tony pauses, sniffing the air as Pepper shoves a towel at his face.  He grabs it and wraps it around his neck, accomplishing nothing as water from his clothes still soaks the floor.
He hurries on without a reply, clearly having a laundry list of things to still accomplish before his night is over.
Steve’s hand moves toward the tapestry, like he wants to touch that too, but he draws back before making contact.
“You want me to do one?”  Bucky’s taken aback as well, but Steve thinks the surprise is pleasant.  Bucky still looks at Tony like he’s waiting for the other shoe to drop.
He doesn’t sound all that sorry, but seeing as how he and Steve making out like teenagers is a recent development, he supposes he can’t rationally blame Barnes for awaiting Steve’s return.
.” She reaches up and pats him on the cheek. “You're so hopeless at flirting, Stevie, it's really quite something. If it weren't so adorable, I'd scream.”
“Thanks, Tony, that’s really nice,” Steve snorts, tilting his head and shrugging his shoulder to get a look at the damage.  The pale blue fabric of his thin sweater is streaked with wet, sticky orange, Tony’s fingers leaving a smudgy mess behind.
A faint but real smile, weak from non-use, comes over Steve’s face as Tony drains half the glass and then slides it back.
“Facial hair contests are totally stupid,” Tony mutters and Steve hides his smirk, ducking his head.  He has to admit it’s hilarious that Tony’s still secretly bitter that he lost the great mustache contest of ’08.  His facial hair, while immaculate, has always been far too calculated and modern for any contest that usually names a 70’s porn ‘stache as the winner.  Bruce had won that particular round and Steve had never been so glad as when he finally shaved that big, bushy handlebar
The bare bulb fluorescent light fixture above Steve’s head is flickering slightly; Tony can hear it buzz.  It’s probably an update from the 70s by the look of it, so, really, not much of an update at all.  He eyes it, eyes Steve.
“They're not on the payroll, Steve. They're not under contract. Why would you show our work to the competition?”
“It’s nice to be part of any team at all,” Steve manages to reply, pulling back a little when it becomes clear that the man doesn’t plan to leave his personal space.
“I told you not to call me that, Stark.” Carol says sternly, but the corner of her frown twitches, giving her away. “And needless to say, we’re not broadcasting this to everyone. Just our close friends.”
“You’ve made it perfectly clear that you’re done with …with me, or whatever it was that we were.” Steve’s voice echoes back hollowly in the large space. Tony stares at Steve’s broad back, not missing the way his shoulders hunch for one brief telling moment before he squares them again and turns around with his jaw clenched, arms folding over his chest. “I’d prefer it if you didn’t extend this evening needlessly with insincere hospitality. Make your point.”
“Pietro!” She calls as she turns from him, that smile disappearing as quickly as it’d come. Her brother is at her side immediately, carrying her two Pomeranians, Billy and Tommy, one fluffy ball of golden brown fur happily wiggling in the crook of each arm.
“Is it?” He doesn’t get the sense that it is. He may not be the most adept at reading people, but even he can see that Steve’s not okay.
“Carol, you sly temptress!” Tony kisses her sloppily on the cheek. It's a testament to her happiness that she lets him do it with barely a roll of her eyes. “You’re the one who took the plunge?”
“Tony, you need to hear me. If Steve comes to me and he wants this...I am not going to be able to say no.”
yours is brilliant.” He exclaims, looking back up at him and rolling his eyes exaggeratedly.  He points a finger close to Steve’s face.  “I’m stealing it.  Anyone asks I totally came up with it.”
Because Steve and Bucky are going to have a talk, that much is clear. Even if tonight hadn't happened, there was no way Steve was going to let Bucky’s behavior drag on for much longer without forcing a confrontation. If Steve hadn’t spent most of the last month sick in bed, it would have happened already.
“And besides, I suppose it would be incredibly rude to lock him out considering he owns the place,” Steve allows.
“Guess you weren’t quite ready for that yet.”  Tony’s grin is careful and strained.  He claps his hands, shaking his head like it’s no big deal.  “That’s okay, we’ll work up to it.”
“It’s already happening, Fury.  So talk.” Tony’s advancing on Barnes, and he feels Bruce’s hands grasping for his shoulder, trying to get him to stop, but it’s no matter.  He’s not going to attack Barnes.  He only wants to hear it, whatever this man has to say.  “Where did they take Steve?”
“Ok.  Well.”  Tony looks up and down the street, not seeing much that will be of assistance.  A diner, a drug store, dentist’s office.  Happy is waiting in the town car just fifty yards back, expecting to drive two passengers to the airport.  “Here’s what we’re gonna do.  We’re gonna get something to eat in that lovely little establishment over there because I need coffee and you need to eat something, and then we’re gonna find some place around here that sells motorcycles, I’m gonna pick one up and then I’m coming with you.”
Steve looks at the sculpture, considering.  It kind of does look like fire.  If fire were made of steel.
“Don't be a baby and get yourself all wound up over nothing. You said yourself the ending doesn't work, and it seems to me you came here looking for Steve's opinion in the first place.”
Bruce signals Tony to come over and they put the book down on the table between them, Bruce on one side and Tony on the other. As Bruce flips the cover open, a square black and white photograph slips out and onto the floor. Tony stoops to pick it up, holding it loosely between two fingers as he hands it back to Bruce.
Bucky’s fingers suddenly twine through his hair too, and Tony pauses just a moment to glance up.  Bucky’s lips are forming words under his breath, speaking in a language Tony thinks is Russian.
“I want my mouth on you. Can I suck you?” Tony is too riled up to play coy. He drops to his knees even as Steve is still gasping out a yes. He pulls down Steve’s trousers and underwear in one go and takes Steve’s length in hand. There’s a loud thud above his head; Steve had slammed one hand against the door to steady himself as he nearly pitched over.
Bucky is leaning forward, hands pressed flat against the headboard on either side of Steve’s head. His rocking movements cause the sturdy wood to rattle against the wall. He rides Steve hard, but at a slow, deliberate pace that ensures Steve feels every minute movement he makes.
“Too early to call, quit the chatter.”  The Captain's voice is in his ear and it feels eerily familiar.  Like the man’s warm breath should be tickling his skin, lips brushing his throat.
So that someone can’t stand in the shadows and stare at you for a good long while before you even realize you have company.
Tony pretends this actually needs to be considered and weighed.  Debauching Steve in the common room where anyone can see does have a certain appeal, but he’s not about to make that case to Steve.  Besides, he’d like to actually complete said debauching before anyone finds out and feels the need to lecture him about besmirching a national icon.  He much prefers sitting through tirades about things he’s actually done, not things he possibly might do in the future.
“Well if change is what you want, I can offer you a different setting, perhaps maybe even some new housemates.  How do you feel about the upper east side?”
Tony lets him go. He hesitates for a moment, wondering if that was Steve’s abrupt, unspoken goodnight. But Steve didn’t tell him to go so that’s enough of an invitation for now. Tony follows him inside and watches as Steve crosses to the kitchen cupboard and grabs a glass. He rests his weight against the counter as he leans over the sink and fills it from the tap.
Her closet is empty, her things gone from the bathroom.  She must have cleared out the second she saw the news report.
In this chapter, there is a brief scene wherein Loki attempts to blackmail Steve into sexual intercourse. He succeeds in making Steve intensely uncomfortable and upset but Tony interrupts and Loki departs. Tony is jealous at seeing Loki and Steve together and Steve angrily corrects his assumptions.
Tony pulls up the chair, taking off his suit coat and throwing it over the back. He rolls up his shirtsleeves and unlatches his wristwatch, casting it off to the side.
“Apparently twice was enough to make an impression, although honestly I can't imagine why. Your Jimmy is quite the charmer—although I suppose that could be the problem, now couldn't it. Tony's never much liked competitions he can't win.”
Even Brooklyn looks beautiful tonight.  All of the lights on the bridges twinkle prettily, crisscrossing the East River, perfectly engineered threads of brick and steel stitching all of New York City together.
“At least.” Steve repeats, rising as well but with far more grace.  He bends to pick up their discarded clothes from the floor, broad back and sculpted backside to Tony.  When he straightens back up and offers Tony his shirt, Tony very nearly groans at the picture Steve makes, half naked and hard, open jeans barely clinging to his slim hips, the warm light from the table lamps casting soft shadows along the sharply muscled planes of his body.
“Hope you don’t mind getting a few new housemates.” Steve approaches with Sam in tow, the other man looping an arm loosely over Steve’s shoulders and introducing himself to Bruce with a far more genuine smile than that which he’d offered Tony.
. Who does he think he is, DeMille? You have to earn the right to be that much of an asshole in this town.”
rehearsals even begin." Tony assures Steve, as he knows Steve felt terrible about what had happened.  Personally, he’d found it hilarious.  And educational, as he never knew Asgardian theatricals usually included audience participation.  "No one seemed too broken up about it.  I think a member of the stage crew actually asked Thor if he'd be able to provide directed thunder and lightning for a staging of
“So, should we –” Steve gestures toward the nearest set of armchairs, about to ask Tony to sit down, when Tony steps toward the door and gestures outside.
“You know Steve fucking hates it when I smoke.” Bucky shrugs. Tony points at him. “And you know full well he hates it when you do too.”
“Oh. Well.  Bruce demanded we shut down for the night and do something besides work on our little mind re-arranger.  So, they’re out somewhere, ‘taking the night off’.  You know, he gets his girl back and suddenly loses his work ethic.”  He rolls his eyes, preparing another tirade about how close they were to cracking the Barnes problem wide open, when he suddenly realizes that none of this blathering is keeping Steve at bay.  “Hey – how did you get the codes to get in here anyway, I thought…JARVIS.”  Steve shrugs.  “Such betrayal.”
“Yeah…that.” Steve admits, then heaves another sigh. He rubs his face, frustration and anxiety rising higher. Tony reaches over and grabs one of his hands, pulling it away from his head and toward his own chest. He also moves closer, tossing one of his legs over Steve’s, his sock-clad feet tangling with Steve’s bare, cold ones. His body anchors Steve’s into place and the weight of him calms Steve a little.
Steve nods his thanks and turns into the crowd. Nick may play like he’s a hard-nosed bastard, but he’s got a soft spot for Steve and his pals, most likely because they were patronizing his place long before the Hollywood elite sashayed in. Steve appreciates the loyalty.
It left Tony uneasy, and he downs two tumblers of scotch before gathering up the courage to follow Steve to bed over an hour later.
“I don’t…It’s there.  Somewhere.  But I can’t get at it.” Barnes closes his eyes for a brief moment, struggling even then to try and grasp something just out of reach.  He opens his eyes to blink away tears.  “I can’t remember.”
“It doesn’t matter if that’s what happened. It’s what Peter Quill says happened. They don’t call him Lord of the Stars for nothing.”
Bucky looks at him, wide blue eyes bloodshot and wild, and then his grasp tightens around Steve’s hand.  Bucky’s hold feels strange, his fingers seemingly real yet not quite right.
“They say running is bad for the knees.  You’ve missed it, being frozen and all, but doctors now suggest participating in more low-impact exercise.  Like yoga.  Or water aerobics.”
The air is beginning to warm with the day by the time he climbs the stairs to their apartment on North Hayworth; it’s going to be a hot one if the temperature is already climbing like this. Steve pauses for a moment on the landing outside the apartment door, taking time to straighten out both his thoughts and his appearance. He untucks his white and red striped tank from the tight waistband of his white running shorts and uses the hem to dry his sweaty face, then runs a hand through his hair in a poor attempt to straighten and flatten the damp strands.
Bruce has slowly been perfecting the rushed algorithm that they’d thrown together during Loki’s attack; a few more tests and the system might be ready to permanently implement.
Tony slides his hand over Steve’s shoulder as “The Nearness of You” begins – a tune he actually recognizes.  He had the Glenn Miller record; he doesn’t know who’s singing this version but her voice is warm and smooth.  Steve lets Tony arrange his hands back the way they were before, biting his lip to keep himself from protesting.  Tony Stark should not have to teach him how to dance; this is going to be embarrassing for the both of them.
Tony still takes his first step slowly, looking around like he expects a last minute attack or an electric shock or some other kind of deterrent.  He smirks, unimpressed.
He has to scramble to turn the projector off before the reel runs out; rewinding is so much easier when you don’t have to feed the film back in again. He only turns on one set of overhead lights, keeping the room dim and intimate, before going back toward where Steve sits, waiting.
Miss Van Dyne glances across the street and realizes that she’s not without an audience. Instead of ducking away, she waves good morning to him as if they know each other and then elegantly saunters inside.
“Stark, hey.”  Bucky’s angled away from him, but he can see Bucky flash Tony a smile.  His hand gets squeezed again as Bucky gestures back to him as if to say,
“Listen, Steve…” Tony begins, putting his hands together in front of him.  He doesn’t continue right away and Steve doesn’t prompt him to.  “I just…I’m sorry, okay?”
, making it sound like he’s some object being passed back and forth, but he doesn't have a better way to describe how this would work so he lets it lie. “You’d want that?”
“Steve…Steve, I’m gonna, I’m gonna come, we gotta…” Steve lets go of his ironclad grip on Bucky’s hips and Tony sees the deep purple bruises already forming there. Bucky thighs are trembling as he climbs off of Steve and kneels beside him on the bed.  His hard-on is standing nearly straight up against his stomach, less thick than Steve but nearly as long.  These two are ridiculous.
Steve sits up to let Tony tug his shirt over his head, and Tony pushes him back down into the cushions as soon as the fabric hits the ground.  His fingers find Steve’s nipples and his lips seek out that spot on Steve’s neck that makes him arch and sigh.
But the rats down on the Manhattan-bound track are starting to scurry back to their hiding places, signaling the rumbling train approaching, so Steve reluctantly pulls back from his boyfriend.
After that, Steve loses track of time.  They leave that casino only after a young woman approaches him in the lounge and strikes up a conversation.  Tony’s drink has turned watery in his hand before Tony appears to extricate him from the awkward situation.  He seems amused at Steve being propositioned by a prostitute, but his mood turns slightly dark for a little while afterward.  Steve thinks maybe Tony expected him to be a little more mortified than he was, but mainly Steve felt saddened by such a lovely dame being in such desperate straits.
He helps Steve to his feet, hand on his hip to steady him, and uses Steve’s cast aside undershirt to wipe between Steve’s legs and down the insides of his thighs. Then he folds down the sheets and tucks Steve into bed, carefully draping the sheets and then his comforter up over Steve’s shoulders. Tony knows Steve would usually stubbornly resist such delicate treatment, but he goes easily, sinking into the mattress and pillows with a contented sigh. Steve may have been a little buzzed from the booze before, but this is different; he’s loose and languorous now in a way Tony’s never seen him. Something tells him Steve won’t be waking from any war nightmares tonight, and he wants nothing more than to crawl into bed beside him and wrap himself in Steve’s comfort.
Here he is, still dirty from last night’s activities, his mouth dry and awful, and his hair a mess. On top of it all, his face is tear-stained and his eyes surely puffy and bloodshot, his nose probably red. Bucky always told him that being a fair-skinned Irish kid certainly did him no favors when he got all upset. He doesn’t consider himself a vain person, but that doesn’t mean he likes feeling this rough.
Like most things with Steve, it paradoxically happens against his will yet is entirely his own idea.  In his grand tradition of doing something at one thousand percent or not doing it all, Tony leads Steve anywhere but back to New York.
“And don’t go thinking the star on mine is for you, Barnes.  It’s Cap’s shield, not that crappy emblem on your lame-ass robot arm.  Your lame-ass robot arm which, by the way, would be ten times more awesome if you let me at it.”
“Yes, I was just informed of that fact.  Belatedly, I might add.”  He glares at nothing in particular; it’s hard to aim a withering stare at JARVIS.  “Did you talk to him?”
But Tony doesn’t want to focus on that now. Right now is for good thoughts, like his best friend finally hand-in-hand with the girl of his dreams, smiling widely like he couldn’t even help himself if he tried.
“When I was a kid, I was nearly always sick in the winter.  Hell, I was sick all the time, but winter especially.  All the other kids were out having fun, building forts and sledding and having snowball fights…I would’ve given anything to be out there with them.”
“Since I’m up, I…I think I’ll make breakfast for everyone today.  Would you like anything in particular?”
“I don’t care if she hates my guts, Steve!  I meant what was with her, and the-“ She gestures in a circle around her upper body.  “And the-“ She gestures toward the closed bedroom door.  Steve lifts an eyebrow at her hyper behavior; he’s never seen her like this before.  “And…wait.”  Pepper stops, dropping her arms to her side as her brow furrows.   “What did she mean,
“What exactly is going on?” Steve whispers, trying to ignore how it feels when his lips brush Tony’s ear.
“Stark is MIA,” Steve repeats. He makes a flitting gesture with his hand, a bird escaping its cage. “Gone.” He picks up his drink and stares for a moment at the clear liquid before taking a drink. “Just as well, we’re nearly done anyway. Who needs ‘im.”
“President Eisenhower,” Tony amends around a mouthful of food.  “And did you actually know him?  Cause even I’d have to admit that’d kinda be awesome in a Forrest Gump meets JFK kind of way.”
“I agree, but for now we need a quick solution.  Tony, see if you can get him to follow you to the landing deck, he seems to like you all right.  Contain him there best you can.”
Tony grabs his pillow from beside Steve’s head and wordlessly instructs Steve to lift his hips. He slides the pillow underneath Steve’s body and then parts his thighs, settling back between them.
motion with his hand, leaving Tony to fill the blank silently, not wanting to embarrass the man any further.
Things must go roughly because he gets a few late night calls from Steve, telling him with false cheer that Bucky is improving but in the same breath asking Tony to please come back home.  Tony erases the voicemails and doesn’t return the calls.  Steve eventually stops and Tony feels worse about that than anything else.
“Which one? How many cars do you have?” The question seems impertinent the way he asks it, which Steve automatically regrets. He doesn’t mean to be rude, even if he’s not entirely sure he wants to be here. “I mean…”
“No, that's not what I meant…” Tony’s brow furrows, like it’s just now registering how that might have sounded. “But I’m going to be insanely busy getting this thing off the ground – if you were on set everyday, wouldn’t that make ‘my seeing you’ so much easier?”
When they hit the lobby, he breathes a huge sigh of relief and some of the tension in his body eases.
“Hmm, what’s that?”  Tony clearly fakes distraction, climbing up on the treadmill and fiddling with a few buttons.
The first thing that he becomes aware of as he stirs slowly is the cold.  He’s freezing, and he can’t move.
“I’ll call Happy to come and get you. You can look while we wait.” Tony ambles back toward the front door, gesturing for Steve to follow him. “He’ll be just a bit; I told him to stay around the gate house.” He’d said no such thing, but Happy knows the drill.
“Before.” Tony replies, waving his hand over his shoulder like that indicates the past, behind them. “Then I got back with Pepper, then I broke up with Pepper, but he ran off with Bucky, y’know. Shit happens.”
Tony had woken up Steve a few times like this himself, rutting against him in the early morning light, and now Tony knows why Steve would always come so fast and so hard when he did it. Part of him feels hurt by this, betrayed that those quiet morning moments weren’t entirely about the two of them, but another part is aroused by the fact that in the end,
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out.  Pee-Wee Herman.  Look it up.  No –” He shakes his head.  “– On second thought, don’t.  That’s a bad idea.  I’m sure you’ve seen enough weird stuff as it is.”  Steve exhales with a hint of desperation.  He takes the glass from Tony’s loose grip and bends down in front of him.
He’s not built for standing still though, more likely to steamroll over someone and just keep going than plant his feet and face them down.  So he moves.  He’s a mover.
“I should like to commission a portrait from you as well, dear Steven.  My Lady Jane has asked for a likeness to keep in her chambers, to remember me during our long and sad times apart.”
“Um...yes?” Steve's brow furrows and he stops in the middle of tying his shoelace. “Natasha too. You never told me I couldn't or shouldn't.”
“But that’s not really what you want, Buck.”  Steve stops him before he goes any further down this path.  These aren’t words he needs to hear.  He doesn’t want to traffic in
“You’re always tryin’ to talk me out of things you talked me into in the first place – you realize that?”
“Having two separate relationships is one thing, all of us being in one relationship is another. They’re each challenging in their own way, but with Bucky and I…”
“Let me make it up to you,” he pleads. “I’ll cook you dinner at my place and then take you to my bed and you can just…stay.”
“Partially.  I have to say carrying a nuke through a wormhole in the sky created by an alien army puts certain things in perspective.  But it didn’t make me want to stop…if anything I needed to keep going; get back some control.  But it wasn’t enough.  The shit with Extremis and the Mandarin was too much for Pepper and because of that, it clearly became too much for me.  When I was able to use Extremis to help repair my heart damage and get rid of the RT, it seemed like the universe giving me a sign to walk away.”
With Tony, nothing is impossible. That Tony is not only okay with him trying this but actively wants him to, and that he's actually here with Bucky now talking this through…well, he’s a hell of a long way from those early days when he and Tony first met and Steve had been terrified that he’d be caught out for staring too long at Tony’s wickedly gorgeous smile.
“I woke up today and he was hard, Tony,” Bucky whispers against Tony’s skin. “Still asleep, but so damn hard, hard as a rock. Underwear all damp and sticky, cock ready to burst. I sucked him off, Tony, and he screamed your name.”
The blast of Los Angeles summer heat hits him like he’s walked into a wall. It’s a different kind of heat than June in New York – less muggy here, more space and fewer people – but the pavement bakes just the same. He ducks back inside and tosses his flannel and his tool belt to the floor, just out of the way of foot traffic. His things will be safe there for a while; these few days of preparation before a shoot begins are incredibly busy but they are less hectic, and the suits won’t be around to take a look at the progress until at least tomorrow.
So he watches from afar as Steve and Tony fight with words at the farmhouse and fight with fists at the Tower. He watches as they fight together in Sokovia, and as they make up and part ways in the aftermath.
To his surprise, all of the lights are blazing and the atmospheric orchestration of Sigur Rós echoes loudly through the small apartment.  There are a three empty bottles of Miller High Life on the kitchen counter that must’ve been drained by Bucky, as Steve is really into homemade microbrews right now.  Stalwart standbys from the Velvet Underground, David Bowie, Elliott Smith, Arcade Fire, Radiohead, Neko Case and the Decemberists have been pulled from Steve’s crates and are laying open and scattered on the floor around the turntable, the most recent Beach House left to attract dust on the deck.  The scene is surprising, as Steve’s usually more careful with his vinyl.
Natasha casually tosses a red and white striped towel over the mess. She arches an eyebrow at him as she takes a sip from her own mug, evidently choosing to keep her thoughts to herself.
It’s one of the few times Steve wonders if being his old self, 10 inches shorter and 105 pounds lighter, would actually be to his benefit. People look at him and see some brawny beefcake who built the rooms they stand in, but they forget that it all came from intricate, careful plans created in his mind and drawn in detail by his hand.
Realizing that everyone, Pepper included, is momentarily distracted, Tony slowly starts backing away from the crowd. Sufficiently convinced that no one is paying him any mind whatsoever, he turns heel and slips away as casually as he can.
love happy…that’s not a burden, Steve. I’ve never been uptight about sex, you know that. But if Bucky wants more than that with
“I want you to take me like you said you would,” Steve says, voice rough with want, deep and rumbling. His words vibrate through Tony like the aftershock of an earthquake.
"Maybe someday I'll find someone worth courting and you can witness my humiliation for free," Steve counters.  He'd tell Tony to save his money and be patient, but he's beginning to doubt he'll ever find that right person.  It all feels so cruel, to have lost both Peggy and Bucky, only to have Bucky back again, so close, yet entirely out of reach.  He supposes it serves him right, really.  He'd let Bucky push him toward Peggy, and now he's reaping what was sowed.  Bucky has his own girl now.
His father always saw New York as something to be improved, his mother viewed it as something to be tamed, but Tony reveled in its dirt, its stubborn wild nature, its utter refusal of predictability.  He always saw something more than they did and felt special because of it.  Like the truth about this place was a secret only he understood.
Even though Steve is clearly very upset, something akin to unbridled joy wells up within Tony out of nowhere and he is overcome with what can only be termed
“Leave me alone, you evil…evil something or other.” He drops his aching head back to the mattress with another groan. “You’re my secretary, not my maid – it’s not your job to wake me up. Why are you even here.”
His eyes lift toward their bed as soon as he drops his keys in the bowl on the counter and enters the main room.  The bedroom is empty, the mattress on the floor probably just as rumpled as he left it this morning.
He pauses in the foyer and attempts to capture his breath, to re-gain some sense of composure before going outside.
“I don’t like Stark. But…I quite like you. I’ve seen you at my brother’s parties before, you know, even if you didn’t notice
“It’s a helluva lot harder to share a bunk with him now that he’s double the size, triple the weight, and one of us is waking the other with our stupid nightmares every five minutes,” Bucky explains.  “He’s been insisting on giving me the bed for weeks now.”
It’s drizzling a bit now, a faint mist landing on his drawing and pearling delicately across the surface of the vellum.  He reaches over and closes the cover, pulls the sketchbook back onto his lap.  There’s a sudden impulse to throw the whole thing out and his hand tightens on the spiral binding for just a moment, eyes seeking out the nearest trashcan, before good sense prevails.
ache – but it’s still merely one night, singular. Baring his soul seems like too much, too fast. Tony’s asking because he’s kind, but that doesn’t mean he actually wants to take on all this extra burden.
Bucky rides him through it, whispering encouragement and praise and assurances. Steve’s orgasm lasts for what seems like an oddly long time, long enough that his thrusts begin to force his own come back out of Bucky’s body as he continues to pound up into him.  But even as his own body is shaking, trembling from the sheer force of his arousal, Steve eventually manages to wrap a hand over Bucky’s erection.  Bucky swears and shoots immediately, sticky ropes of come pulsing from the throbbing head of his uncut cock.  It ends up all over Steve’s skin, exploding messily over his chest and neck, splashes of it reaching Steve’s chin, even his lips.
, even – to make introductions.” Jane picks up her full glass of red wine from the coffee table and uses it to gesture toward her assistant. “Don’t lie to this poor man.”
Tony steps forward instead, pulling Bruce away from Betty’s lap and easily lifting him into a fireman’s carry.  Tony must catch his irked look because he lets out an annoyed huff himself.
“Oh. Hey, Pete. I didn’t realize you were here.” He shoots Tony a look and the other man waves him off.
It could be that he’s wondering what this might look like to Tony. If Tony were here, if Tony were watching.
“Bruce, you can’t be okay with Tony using you as a threat.” Pepper steps in between him and Bruce as the two of them reach the elevator, keeping Bruce from joining Tony.
He meets the rest of the Avengers on the roof in less than five, because he’s efficient and brilliant like that, and Steve steps out into the bright morning sunlight not a moment after.
They’ve stopped in the set, lighting and grip department and Thomas Lowell, the poor schmuck tasked with leading him and Pepper around, is blathering about equipment and crews and other such-and-such.
“Well, Stark, you aren’t looking so great yourself,” Steve replies, and Tony falters only a split second before laughing the comment off.  Despite knowing better, he’s still caught off guard by Rogers giving as good as he gets.  Forty plus years of imagining the man sans a smart mouth is a hard habit to break.
He can also drink every one one of them under the table. That hasn’t stopped Clint and Bucky from trying, though it's only Natasha who really stands a chance. She may be slender and petite, but she’s got a stalwart constitution worthy of her Russian roots.
“We never...after the serum.” Steve replies to the question Tony hadn’t realized he’d asked aloud.  Tony sucks in a sharp breath and pulls back, wondering what other things he might’ve said without thinking.  “He thought I was better off pursuing Peggy.  Couldn’t convince him otherwise.”
“Stop,” Tony whispers, pushing him back and putting an arm’s length of space between them.  “I can’t.  I can’t do this.”
“Oh, golly no.  Nothing as good as all that.  Barely made enough to pay my bills.  If Dr. Erskine hadn’t come along I probably would’ve had to find another line of work.”
“Even still. I don’t know if you thought this would be one last time or what I’m really doing here, Tony, but I can’t do this. I can’t fall into bed with you again and then be nothing again to you tomorrow.”
Tony also knows that he will have to face him eventually. He will have to go back to L.A. and deal with the movie. At some point. There's no avoiding that. At the very least, he's going to have to attend the premiere.
“We can’t stay in here forever, you know,” Steve comments, poking holes in Tony’s happiness, right where the weakest spots are.  Tony knows he’s right but he’s not that eager to test it out. “I’m not going to change my mind once we leave the apartment, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
He stares at the ceiling and just breathes.  The darkness is comforting.  Maybe with a little time he could get used to this city – something in its swirl of color does tug at his artistic sensibilities, even if his brain is too cluttered at the moment to sort it all out – but that’s not going to happen tonight.
“While I appreciate your philosophy on the relationship of breakfast items to overwhelming personal grief, I’d like to take a minute to remind you that while you may think everything’s a big joke, there are people who care about you.  Me, for one.”
, and he doesn't want to muck anything up for Steve by putting his foot in his own mouth with Bucky.
“Well, I don’t think this was a mistake and I’m not freaking out.”  Steve replies, then looks down toward the ground, considering.  “And I could escape from here without breaking a sweat." He looks back to Tony. "What else you got for me?”
Tony wishes he could say he didn’t hesitate at Steve’s blunt request, but he does; the cold expression shuttering over Steve’s face feels like a punch to the gut.
“Try and take it easy, bro.  You’ve been through a lot.  Stark’s got everything under control for the time being.”  Clint’s leaving; it takes his brain a moment to catch up with the movement.  He’s at the door before Steve recognizes that the last thing he wants is to be alone right now.  “You should get some sleep.”
“Usually takes you all night to get through one of these, Rogers. Now you’re on to number three.” He puts the dirty glass in the sink and picks up another tumbler from the rows of clean ones lined up like obedient soldiers in front of him. He flips it in his hand once as he continues to watch Steve carefully.
Steve arches off the floor, stomach muscles seizing. He shoves his own wrist into his mouth and bites down.
“You know…you are so Brooklyn when you talk about him.”  Steve stops, confused.  Tony makes a gesture up and down his own throat and around his mouth, like that somehow indicates
Tony holds his breath as Steve stares at him.  It’s only a matter of seconds, but it feels like forever’s stretching out before him.
“Well, you’re hardly in the position to do that anymore.” Bucky winces at his own cruelty, wishing he could take it back. He’d never criticized Steve for his slight stature, his slim frame. Teased, maybe, but he’d been the only one growing up besides Steve’s ma who saw beyond his physical limitations, who saw his real potential.
He also knows that Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.  He’d want Bruce’s gal to come first.  Part of him thinks he should honor Steve by seeing things that way too, but he’s too selfish to really see that through.  He’d sacrifice anything, even himself, if it meant Steve’s safe return.
“Tony, Happy’s this way.”  Pepper takes him gently by the elbow and re-directs him toward the Town Car waiting just past the restaurant.  Steve hadn’t even noticed it when he came outside, which makes him uneasy regarding the state of his own mind.
Tony joins him nearly every day after that, and more often than not when Steve pauses in his work he finds Tony staring at him, his expression inscrutable.
“I couldn’t handle that either.” Steve replies, relieved. “I don’t want this to be some illicit weekend. That’s not me. That’s not us.”
“I have contingencies for nearly everything.  And I’m quite good at coming up with awesome shit on the fly, too.”  Tony grins, waving toward his arc reactor.
“I’m not the person I was, Steve.  The person I am now…whoever that is…I need to be with her.  I can’t…”
As he and Tony tear into bacon cheeseburgers, Steve thinks that maybe being here, at this place where the old has crashed into the new and made something special, well…it might just be all right.
, just underground, like I said.  They tore the old building down in ’63, built this monstrosity instead.  You should see how bad it is during the day – at night, all lit up like right now, it actually looks kind of okay.”
“I’m coming over there and kicking your ass, Barnes.”  She hands the phone to Steve and storms off.  Bucky is chuckling on the other end of the line.
Steve musters a handshake for Tony and manages to kiss Susan’s hand in gentlemanly greeting but is mercifully kept from further conversation by the house lights dimming and the lush curtains parting to reveal the movie screen.
“Stark Pictures, Mr. Stark’s office. Miss Potts speaking. How may I help you?” Pepper glances at him as the person on the other end of the line speaks. “Oh, yes, Phil, hello. How are you?”
There’s a hint of desperation in his voice and Steve softens against his will.  He sighs, taking a moment to consider Tony and whether or not he can unlearn the sensation of Tony’s lips on his or forget the feeling of their bodies crushing close.  He doesn’t know if he can but he has to try.  There’s too much else on the line.
“Steve, turn over, turn over.” Bucky’s voice is shaky. Tony doesn’t want Steve to move; he wants Steve to lay there on his back and let him run his hands through the streaks of come, rub it all into Steve’s skin. Tony wants to claim him.
He’s always been a visual person, so Steve supposes it makes sense, but there’s something different about how much he’s turned on by watching Bucky. It’s something different from when he’s with Tony. It’s like he’s partially outside himself, observing with interest the sight of two lifelong best friends becoming lovers.
“Mrs. Goldberg…” Steve sighs, laughing lightly before the rattling in his chest cuts off his breath. “Haven’t thought of her in years.”
Crossing the lobby of Caesar’s Palace, Tony’s all charm and bright smiles for the staff he knows and the few people who recognize him, but the façade abruptly crashes the second he and Steve are alone in the elevator.
Steve’s night, in contrast, now seems to be wide open. Any messages from the office would’ve been brought to his trailer, and it’s obvious now that Tony hadn’t left word himself. Maybe something had come up, or maybe he’d forgotten. Steve pushes away his disappointment.
.  I saw him die.  He…” Steve clenches and unclenches his other hand underneath the table, remembering reaching, straining, grasping for Bucky’s hand and finding nothing but air, watching as his best friend plummeted, screaming, to the snow and ice-covered rocks hundreds of feet below and taking so much of his heart with him.  He closes his eyes against the memory but it’s useless; he can’t block out the vision of Bucky’s terrified face.  “No.”
He’d been resting his head on his hand, elbow propped on his desk. In his scramble to answer, his elbow slips and he falls nearly face forward against the hard mahogany with an inelegant
The kiss is urgent and demanding.  Steve gasps in surprise and Tony slips his tongue inside to deepen things fast.  Steve tries to react but his mind is blank, his power to speak and to act wiped away and the space filled with thoughts of Tony and Tony alone.
“Time is of the essence here, babe.”  He turns to her and gives her a distracted, placating kiss on the cheek, squeezing her hip.  “A drug that affects Steve is a major red flag.  JARVIS, any chance Bruce will be back before the rest of the gang?”
!” Clint exclaims when he sees them, popping up from his seat on the couch like an excited child.  He’s holding a green shiny case with a cartoon ghost trapped in a red
“It’s something.”  Steve retrieves a glass from the cupboard and glances toward Tony, holding it up in offer.  Tony allows the conversation to be diverted elsewhere, pretty sure he doesn’t really want to get too deep into this with Steve anyway.
“It does when he built it so I would leave him alone.” He’s angrier than he’d like but of all people, he would’ve thought Pepper would understand that for Tony, building that studio was just the easiest way of getting Steve out of his hair, the path of least resistance.  Money is no matter to Tony and he had others to do the work; beneath the surface of the gesture there was nothing of substance.  It was merely a Stark’s version of a practical solution.
He draws in a deep breath of the night air as he steps outside.  The fog in his head clears just a little.  Standing at the curb, Steve tilts his face toward the inky black sky, imagining the stars that surely still exist despite being obscured by the city lights.
Bucky places his cigarette back between his lips, ceasing his tirade for a moment to stow the pack in his pocket and then flick open his silver lighter. He does all this so deftly; even though it’s been four years since the war ended, Steve never ceases to be amazed at how well Bucky’s been able to get on with the use of only one good arm. Steve’s got plenty of experience making do with a body that simply doesn’t want to cooperate, but losing a limb entirely is quite a different affair.
Instead, he goes out onto the back deck by the swimming pool and waits for Happy to show Steve in. Happy always knows where to find him; it’s a trick of his cultivated over the years and years spent by his side.
Then Steve steps away.  He rubs a hand over his face, drawing in another deep shuddering breath and exhaling slowly.
Tony dips his head to look out the window, surprised to see the city in the distance.   It’s lit up brilliantly against the dark night, looking downright majestic.  He hadn’t realized they were this close to arriving.  “Hey.”
Bucky spins on his heel toward the other door and makes his escape, ignoring the way Steve’s plaintive call of
“I was having a dream. A nightmare. The…it just woke me up, startled me, I guess. Didn’t know where I was or…” He gestures to the swanky room, to the messy bed, to his own naked body. “Or anything.”
He looks like he’s about to argue, and Tony honestly wishes he would, he wants the fight, but in the end the other man remains silent.
Steve keeps his gaze locked on the task at hand, not wanting to think about Tony getting lost at the bottom of a bottle.  It’s not a thought he enjoys.
“Who, Loki? We don't exactly chat. I've only met the man once or twice in passing, if that. And people think
But he stays where he is as Tony walks over to join him, sitting down in the dark blue armchair closest to Steve’s end of the couch rather than give Steve the distance he so clearly desires.
He nudges Steve with an elbow and prompts him on with an easy grin.  Out of all the Avengers, he’s known Clint the least amount of time but in his company, Steve feels more at ease than with anyone else.  He hasn’t quite put a finger on it yet, but there’s something about him that brings Bucky to mind.
comes the reply, and Steve thanks God that Tony hasn’t managed to completely change his reputation.  Billionaire playboys don’t ride the N train.
“We weren’t exactly kicking off 2013 with the smartest choices, were we?”  Steve leans on the railing, glances toward Tony as he comes to a stop beside him.
But he just holds onto Steve more tightly, feeling the reassuring solidness of his body, and lets the wind whip by.
“Excuse me, what?”  Tony kinda wishes Steve had been drinking something because that would’ve been a hell of a spit take.
“It’s good to see you again, Phil,” Steve says, shaking the man’s hand firmly.  Phil’s eyes tick upward nervously, giving Steve one of those awkward smiles that only he can cause.  As ever, it leaves Steve feeling equal parts amused and uncomfortable.
Steve’s body is trying to wring pleasure from him and Tony doesn’t know how he manages not to come – until he realizes that Bucky’s metal hand is tight around his cock, stopping him from shooting off. Tony outright groans in frustration, cursing Bucky and begging him to let go.
“I can’t last, Tony, I’m gonna –” Steve chokes off, releasing Tony’s hair and reaching down to grab his own cock, trying to pull out. Tony chases after him, getting his lips back around the head just as Steve starts to come.
As is his tradition, Steve places his palm against the cool concrete of the Astronomers Monument before turning to make the six-mile journey back home. Bucky made a joke once that Steve would run to the stars and back if he could, and it stuck in his mind enough that he’d made the observatory a touchtone ever since. The stars in the sky are the only stars in L.A. he’s truly comfortable with, and there’s peace to be found in climbing the hill to the park, alone, watching as they slowly fade from view in the sky.
They haven’t spoken since the day he first woke up, over a week before.  His visitors since then have been limited mainly to SHIELD personnel, an endless stream of specialists and psychologists and agents who wanted to draw out as much information from him as possible.  Bucky was usually allowed to see him at least once a day, and every day he looked a little worse.
“Christ, Tony.”  Steve taking the Lord’s name in vain is a first; he seems shaken, his eyes lingering over the remains of the Mark VIII.  “You all could’ve been-“
His hands tighten on Tony’s hips, fingers digging in to the cut of muscle, the curve of his ass. He backs Tony against the sink without really thinking about it, just wanting something hard and stable to press Tony against.
“Don’t apologize.  Didn’t say anything that wasn’t true.”  Steve brushes Tony off with a shrug.  “I certainly can’t pretend to know why you’re here, Tony, but I can imagine there are a million other places you’d rather be than babysitting me while I run away from this thing like…well, like a big baby. I'm sure it's frustrating to have to deal with this."
“Don’t worry, I won’t hold it against you.” Darcy winks at him, and he is actually a little shocked she
worshipped as Bucky’s strong hands intimately stroke his thighs and slip reverently over his stomach. When one of Bucky’s long fingers finally breach his body, Steve is rapt with desire, nearly dizzy with want.
“Well, you’re not me. You're supposed to be better than me." Bucky's words are harsh with disappointment.
“God, you’re too good at this, it’s unfair,” Tony groans as he bends slightly forward, rocking slightly with Steve’s rhythm.
“That’s not what I think.  I don’t think that.”  Tony sits up and Pepper’s hand falls away.  He doesn’t look at her; he knows she’s going to have that pinched, hurt look on her face that makes him feel like the worst man on earth.  He sighs.  “I’m not punishing him for anything.  He just reminds me of things I don’t want to be reminded of.  That’s all.  I’ll get over it.  I’m
“Because I don’t think I ever have.” Tony forces himself to look at Steve now.  He looks devastated, which Tony’s not sure he understands.  “I really mean it, don’t look at me like that.”
, not even as the Cap – that he’d lifted from his father’s things.  He’d burned the come-splattered picture afterward.  He has tried to forget the wet dreams of his teenage years and the carefully constructed fantasies of his jerk-off sessions in college. His list of former bedmates includes only a few men, but if anyone had pointed out to him that they were all tall, blue-eyed blondes, he would’ve
with a hand over Steve’s mouth, so worried that someone will hear. He remembers thinking that he'll never get out of the war alive, but Steve will, and that he is okay with that.
Instinctively, Tony reaches out for him, but Steve is already getting up from his seat. He crosses the room, stopping at the side of the grand piano if only because it’s the first thing that lays in his path. Steve sets his broad hands on the polished black lid, his back to Tony.
“All relationships are a bargain.”  Tony sits upright, hands gesturing to animate his point.  “Deals, compromises, negotiations, or whatever term you want to use.  Though you should consider sticking with ‘bargain’ because with behavior like this, I think the overall connotation of ‘cut rate prices’ might help you to get people to buy what you’re selling, if you ask me.”
said and definitely the most ill timed, but to his shock Steve doesn’t seem at all put off by it.  In fact, his anger and dismay seem sapped, replaced by general weariness.
“If those are the right terms…” Steve tries not to feel unprepared or stupid; he knows that’s not what Tony intends. He’s just processing things aloud the way that he sometimes does. ”I was going to do some more research today.”
“I could at least read the script.” Steve shrugs, his smile turning a little sly. “See if it’s worth all this fuss you’re making.”
“That’s easy enough, because there’s really nowhere to go but forward.” Natasha leans her head on his shoulder, tucking one arm around his elbow. Steve turns his own head and buries his nose in Natasha’s hair, breathing in her warm, flowery smell. He presses a brotherly kiss to her temple and pats her hand.
Rhodey sighs. He leans against the plane just below the cockpit and stares at his friend’s profile, just waiting for the dam to break.
“I was so scared we wouldn’t still be us,” Steve whispers against Tony’s chest. Tony holds him, not speaking, as their breathing settles, as their heartbeats calm. Tony brushes his hair off his forehead and kisses him there, leaving his mouth pressed to Steve’s skin as he speaks next.
“Shows what you know, I was actually thinking that the tower is all of ours now, not just mine.”  Tony sticks his tongue out at the pair of them, pleased with catching them both out in their rush to judgment.  Natasha is mildly surprised by his admission.
Tony stops just inside the kitchen, taking in the sight of Steve sitting at the counter. The late morning light streams in through the windows and catches in Steve’s golden hair and makes his pale skin glow. He’s wearing one of Tony’s faded grey MIT t-shirts—Tony’s clothes fit his smaller form better than his own, now—and a pair of loose navy blue sweat pants.
“I forgot to slice the bread.”  She turns on her feel and disappears into the kitchen.  Steve makes a move to follow her, offer a hand, but Bucky pulls him back.
Tony knows that if Steve’s still awake and working this late at night, he’d probably like to be left alone to continue.  It’s usually how it goes.  But Tony wants nothing more than for Steve to come to bed with him.
“C’mon, Bucky…” Steve bats him away then tries to smooth his hair back into place.  A Canarsie-bound train screeches into the station.  The car doors slide open to unleash a torrent of fellow twenty-somethings onto the Bedford Ave platform.
So Steve shakes his head no, rubbing his eyes and cheeks to dry his tears. He sits up as straight as he can manage and squares his shoulders, then forces a smile to his face. It feels as fake as it surely looks.
Hands at Steve’s shoulders, he takes advantage of Steve’s surprise to back him inside the apartment, letting the door fall shut behind them.
“You could really use a sprucing up in here, cowboy.  Or perhaps a complete tear down and remodel from the ground up.  Either or.”  Tony comments dryly as he spots the green pilled fabric on the old-fashioned love seat by the old Zenith radio –
on the bar top. A slightly blurry photograph of him and Jan getting coffee at the studio café is above the fold, under the headline:
“I’m sorry, of the two of us here, which one has been in love with Danvers since ’44 and hasn’t done a damn thing about it?”
“It’s forever, Steve.”  He whispers, lips brushing Steve's with every word.  “I don’t say that lightly, ironically, casually…I mean forever as forever. Yours.  I couldn’t be anything else.  Ever.”
,” she adds, tossing a look over her shoulder at Tony as she guides Steve toward the elevator.  “And call me Pepper, please.”
After a while he pries off his shoes and pads around the place, seeking out the bathroom.  The tile is cold under his bare feet.  He flips on all the lights and stares at his bruised reflection in the large mirror.  He’s still pale, the skin underneath his eyes shadowed purple and sickly yellow.  Lifting up his t-shirt, he gingerly touches the incisions and wounds left from the Red Room’s cruel experiments.  His body has been slow to heal.
Tony takes pity on Coulson and extricates Steve, but not before “accidentally” knocking Ward to the ground as he passes by.
When he slowly opens his eyes again, Tony is standing at the opposite end of the window, pulling back the curtains to peer outside.
care that you’re gay, or bisexual, or whatever label you want to slap on it, you should know I don’t.”
“I don’t know who this Barbara Walters is, but I can tell you that I’m hardly that complicated.  I always say exactly what I mean, Tony.”  It’s the hard truth, and one that’s gotten him into trouble more often than not.  Strong opinions, an overdeveloped sense of right and wrong and a big mouth aren’t the world’s best combination.   And it’s a hard truth that he’s sure sends Tony spinning back to that awful confrontation on the helicarrier.  Steve can’t lie; he had meant exactly what he said.  At the time.  “Doesn’t mean I can’t be mistaken.  I’m often mistaken.  And I’ll admit it when I am.”
“I didn’t know you and Betty Ross were sweet on each other.” Tony comments and Bruce colors, shoving the photograph into the breast pocket of his rumpled plaid shirt.
“Tony—” Steve tenses up in his embrace, and Tony knows he’s only got a moment to get this out before it all goes sideways. He holds Steve close, trying to tell him with his actions that he’s not going anywhere, no matter how Steve answers what’s next.
There is a sleek black Town Car waiting for them at the curb, door held open by a young agent who seems to be struggling to keep the required frown on his face.  There’s been an influx of new, eager recruits since the Battle of New York and not all of them seem to have mastered “SHIELD Stoic” as of yet.  Coulson being back in action should probably help with that lapse in training.
“Don’t have much to report,” Steve replies as he starts dicing tomatoes, splitting his focus between his current company and his need to not accidentally cut his own fingers off.
He’d known Tony had been excited before by the thought of Bucky and him in the abstract, but that had been talking. What ifs. Now, Tony’s kissing and licking over the finger-shaped bruises that Bucky had accidentally left on his right hip.
“I am the first to admit that do like to stand out,” Loki replies. He turns and leans against the marble countertop, so close to Steve that the strong scent of his cologne tingles Steve’s nose. “I was hoping I would run into you, you dear thing.” He walks his fingers across the countertop and taps the back of Steve’s hand where he still leans against the sink.
“Anything I can help with?” Steve interjects before the conversation can get any more heated. Hiring Scott had been his suggestion, so he feels a certain responsibility to intervene. Scott’s vocabulary only got more colorful during his stint in prison, and it’s only a matter of time before Tony’s exposed to a whole rainbow of insults.
The room Tony has given him has a fireplace, two flat screen televisions, its own sitting area, and a bed that has to be at least seven feet wide and is half covered in pillows of all different shapes and sizes.  The sleeping area can be closed in on all four sides by heavy curtains running from the ceiling to the floor.  Even at a glance, Steve can see the private bath is the size of his entire apartment back in Brooklyn.
“Folks are just full of opinions today,” Steve mutters to himself, standing up and returning to his former position leaning against the piano. “I have to be on set early tomorrow, so I’m gonna head for home.”
When Bucky comes to see it, he takes a step back and turns to Steve with a hard look on his face.  Steve instantly deflates.
Steve picks up the hem of his shirt and pulls it away from his body, twisting and squeezing from the fabric all the water he can before coming in.
Bruce pauses, digging into his free range, organic scrambled eggs.  He swallows a bite and then continues, gesturing with his fork.
“You didn’t really want me here though.”  Tony’s needling him to say something mean, and it bothers him in more ways than one.
Tony is piling on the pressure because Tony wants him to explode, to send pieces of himself viciously flying out in every direction like jagged shrapnel.  Instead Steve dissolves, every part of him grinding thinner and thinner as Tony presses, until there’s nothing left but dust.
Steve nearly asks what Darcy wasn’t wrong about when Jane adjusts her grip, squeezing his arm again, the implication quite clear.  His face heats and Jane giggles.
“It’s me.  Bruce fell asleep in the lab last night, he’ll be late.”  Steve announces.  Tony rolls his eyes.
“That’s as close as you’re getting to seeing it tonight,” Natasha retorts, tossing him a taunting look as the subway rolls to a jolting stop and the doors open on the 1st Avenue platform.
Though it seems Captain America and Thor have developed quite the working relationship, their battle styles perfectly complementary, it’s when Tony heckles Steve warmly that something inside the Winter Soldier rankles. He no longer feels pride in having hacked their complicated communication signal and he switches off the feed. He leaves them to their inevitable victory.
“He and my father…had words.” Betty explains, looking guilty.  “I tried talking to him; sometimes when he’s…he understands it’s me and he calms down but today it was just out of control.”
“Steve…” Tony wants to wrap his arms around Steve’s waist and bury himself in Steve’s warmth, feel him seep into his bones. Steve puts a hand out to stop him, gentle but firm against his shoulder. Tony blinks at him, dazed; he feels a little inebriated himself. Steve makes his head spin without even trying, just by proximity.
“While Sourpuss here is the most patient person I know—I mean, he’s put up with me for years—” He pats Rhodey on the shoulder, giving him a hearty shake and another wide grin. “— so if you’d waited on him, I think you’d have been waiting forever, Memphis Belle.”
“Like Tony Stark carried these home.  Please.”  Bucky laughs, turning his pumpkin around in a circle, hands trailing over its curves and ridges.  Steve hesitates before sniping back, quips not coming as easily as they once did, and Bucky’s grin falters.  He points a finger to the face of Iron Man that Steve has so carefully carved.
Bucky smirks at him as he leans against the arm of the couch. Steve glares at him as he tosses some salt into the near boiling water.
“I shoot pictures, Tony.” Bruce shakes his head, already saying no before Tony even lays out an offer. Tony's too excited by the prospect to back off. Bruce may seem shy and retiring, perhaps even verging on slightly grumpy, but they might have more in common than their differing personalities would suggest. Like finds like. There’s a spark there, a promise, something about Bruce Banner that fires up Tony’s curiosity.
“Cause I stopped enjoying pointless things a long time ago and that thing’s useless.” Tony’s dark features turn darker for a moment, then he smiles, clearing it away.  “At least a pool, other people can use.  Forget the pond, Cap – c’mon, wanna see your room?”
Steve reaches back and gingerly touches himself there; he’s feeling a little tender, but it’s not unpleasant.
“I still don’t hear any solution, Cap.” Clint comments and Steve sighs, gesturing for Clint and Natasha to follow him to the elevator.
“Ok, I realize that half an hour at dinner isn’t exactly ‘long before,’ but still.” Tony chuckles, but Steve doesn't echo him. Tony squeezes a little at his waist, a gesture that Steve thinks is meant to be reassuring. “Come on, Steve. I
He turns in his seat and glances up toward the balcony. Bucky and Natasha are here, somewhere, having taken him up on his family tickets. If he could be up there with them to laugh over his performance, perhaps this night could be enjoyable.
Not sure what else to say that won’t be a lie, Steve turns his focus out the window, watching Sunset Boulevard slip by. Shortly after they pass the Garden of Allah, Happy signals and pulls to the right.
“God bless you, Potts,” Rhodey says, and Tony can practically see him saluting her from afar.  “Take a breather, Stark.”  He disconnects before Tony can say anything more.
“So.”  Steve says, pulling at the frayed edge of the dirty tape on his hands.  “I can go.”  He gestures over his shoulder in the direction Natasha just went.
As Happy weaves them in and out of traffic on their way back uptown, Pepper manages to keep Tony’s attention focused long enough to discuss the agenda for the next day’s meetings.  Tony listens and responds –
“We good?” He glances at Jones, his lead carpenter, who steps back and nods. Dugan joins Jones by his side, tucking his hammer back into his tool belt. He crosses his arms over his barrel chest and jokingly huffs with pride.
He may as well have punched Steve in the face for the reaction he gets.  Steve’s visibly stunned; he stares at Tony for a long, hard moment, his wide blue eyes eventually narrowing and his open mouth closing into a frown.
Steve is standing in the doorway to the workshop, dressed in faded jeans and a grey Henley, hair immaculately combed.  Despite the careful presentation he still looks like he went twenty rounds with Banner on a bad day.  The sight of him makes Tony feel simultaneously nauseated and incredibly grateful.
The space is grand, with over 1,500 seats gently sloping downward to the magnificent proscenium. The house is already nearly full, so-called less famous having arrived much earlier. The walls are done up to look like limestone, with two inscribed columns on each side of the stage supporting a two-layered proscenium-arch topped by an elaborate, gold-plated sculpture at its center. An intricately decorated half-circle spreads above on the ceiling, like a mirrored sunburst. All of this decoration, meant to look like ancient Thebes, was kept over from the original 1920s architecture, now just lovingly restored to a high polish shine to welcome in the new decade.
“I know that, but the diseases festering on that thing are probably ones you’ve never heard of, old timer.”
“Stark.  Come on.”  Steve twists in his seat to face Tony and Tony waves a finger in a diagonal motion across Steve’s body.
“So sorry, please come in.  Sorry.  Pepper, let me take your coat.”  He assists her in taking it off and then stands there stupidly holding it over his arm.  Pepper is in business attire, white blouse, black pencil skirt, like she’s just come from the office.  He hadn’t known she was in town, but then again, these days why would he.  Darkly, he wonders if she and Tony have reconciled.  He reminds himself quickly that it shouldn’t matter.  He has no claim to Tony – he’s not even sure he wants one – and Tony’s made it pretty clear that their friendship has severe limitations.
She looks at Cap again, her gaze lingering a moment too long.  Tony’s shocked to see a great deal of emotion – Regret?  Longing? Sadness? – as she watches Steve, who has left the group to stare idly at the painting above the fireplace.  Natasha’s strange behavior is enough to make Tony swallow the quippy brushoff on the tip of his tongue.
Natasha stares at him for a good long beat.  Or at least Steve assumes that’s what she’s doing, as her sunglasses are so dark he can’t see her eyes.  But her face remains impassive and unmoving long enough that he almost asks if she’s all right.  Then she snaps back into motion, turning on her heel and heading off down the street.
“They’re going to try to renovate, move Madison Square and build up the station again.  But not for at least ten years.”
“Maybe I was waiting to see what side of the fence you came down on," Tony puts forth uselessly, not believing it as an explanation himself.  He’s Tony Stark, after all, and someone not liking him has always been a welcome challenge to convert them into the pro-Stark camp.  Or at the very least, an equally welcome opportunity for some steamy hate sex.
“God, Cap, who ran you over with a Mack truck?”  He bypasses Clint and Natasha, making quick time across the black and white tiled floor, and stops in front of the super soldier.  Curiosity always wins out over courtesy.  “I didn’t think it was possible for you to look this terrible.”
“Not near the food!  Ugh!”  She slaps at him again, ducking away.  Bucky winks at Steve again and they rise at the same time, Bucky casually wrapping his good arm around Steve’s shoulders as they join the others.
From his inside suit coat pocket, Loki draws out a small manila envelope and holds it out to Steve. When Steve reaches for it, he teasingly snatches it away, but then hands it over.
There might be. His childhood hadn’t exactly been idyllic, and Steve’s not sure he wants to share anything so personal with Tony Stark. In spite of – or maybe even
“I...I really wish you could decide if you liked me or you hated me.  It would make things a lot easier for us both.”
Bucky is absent when Steve joins the others in the living room and the open window signals where he’s gone.
“I had all those years between us, me and him against the world. No matter what anyone else took, no matter how much he shared, I was the only one who had that part of him. I was the only one alive who remembered, the only one who
They’re words.  He knows that they’re supposed to be words.  Sentences.  It’s just that they’re not really making any sense.
Steve’s already at his side; he heard the whole thing.  They exchange a long, hard look, and then Tony glances at Pepper.  She nods, letting their personal matters be shoved aside as always.
Against his back, Tony can feel Steve’s heartbeat, slow and steady, and he already knows he can’t go back from this.
“Jesus,” he breathes out as he slumps over, resting his cheek against Steve’s chest, tucking under Steve's chin. Steve’s heart beats fast underneath his touch.
“That you are.”  He agrees.  He signals the bartender and orders Pepper a martini with three olives and another shot of tequila for himself.  Tony watches Pepper’s reflection in the mirrored wall behind the bar, tries to imagine what his life would be like without her.  He doesn’t want to consider it.
“Try to keep me from doing anything too stupid, okay?” He knows it’s pretty silly to ask an AI for that, but a polite reminder from time to time to keep his cool might be good if he’s really going to make a go of staying here.
Bucky sits down at the opposite end, putting lots of space between them, but despite that his whole body is angled toward Steve’s.
He wonders if that’s why Natasha spent the previous night holed up with Steve in his quarters.  Tony shouldn’t know about it, but he does.  Being curious and having an AI monitoring everything that happens under his roof is a dangerous combination.  He’d doubled down on work all day long to avoid confronting Nat over it.  If he saw her, he figured it’d be two seconds before he demanded to know why she was coming out of Steve’s room at six in the morning.  He wasn’t sure he wanted an answer or an explanation anyway.
“Top drawer, center. Next to the pens.” Pepper informs him as she saunters toward the desk. Tony pauses in his search to watch her move; she’s still breathtakingly beautiful, after all, even if the way her lips pull into a tight, unflattering line gets more severe as the day goes on.
business.”  He lifts on tiptoe and leans in, pops a quick kiss to Steve’s mouth, then nods toward the front door.
“That was subtle.” Bucky comments as soon as he and Steve are alone.  Steve smiles nervously, feeling put on the spot by all his friends abandoning him to this moment.
“Steve, hey, come on – that’s not-“ Tony starts, but Steve shakes his head and looks pointedly away until the elevator closes.
be sweating.  That happens a lot, even now, after all this time – his mind at a disconnect with his body.   He supposes a part of him will always believe he’s sickly, scrawny Steve, always struggling, always fighting.
Instead, he feels panicked as Darcy opens her purse and slides the card carefully into her pocketbook. It feels like he’s losing something.
“Then maybe you and I need to take a break.  Take some time apart so you can think about what you really want.”
Bucky lifts one eyebrow, crossing his arms over his chest. His fingers flex and unflex against the metal and wood of his prosthetic, evidently itching for a fight.
“Everything all settled with your burgeoning throuple?” She’s aiming for a light tease but Tony can hear something else in her tone.
Afterward he lays in Steve’s arms with their legs tangled together, his head pillowed on Steve’s broad chest, sweat and come cooling on their bodies and sheets twisted in a mess by their feet.  He doesn’t want to move, his mind and body for once perfectly at ease, contentment thrumming through his veins.
“Some?” Tony glances again to the house across the street. “Jan’s drunk as a skunk and Bucky’s blitzed; how drunk are
“Up until just now, Tony, I didn’t know how much you cared for Cap,” Bruce counters, putting both his hands on the back of the desk chair, fingers gripping tightly, digging in.  “We seem to forget that we don’t actually know each other all that well.”
“Got anything stronger?”  He asks, though he hardly expects Steve to suddenly pull a bottle of Jack from some secret hiding place.   To his shock, Steve reaches into the small cabinet above the stove and pulls down a bottle of scotch.  “Your file says that you can’t drink.”
“Our film.” Steve is the one to repeat Tony’s words now, a rueful smile playing at the corner of his mouth. “I see.”
“I…” Tony hedges, slightly ashamed as he thinks back on this morning’s conversation. “I may have been a little too…
“Can I time that?” Bucky asks, extending his arm and then bending it back, looking at his own watch. “And…go.”
, you know? When we got together, you and me, we stopped hiding and obfuscating and dicking around with each other’s feelings and I…I can’t go back on that. Not now.”
He grabs his drink and downs what’s left in one uncouth gulp, then slides the empty glass back onto the marble and glass coffee table. He stands, bracing himself with his hands on his thighs.
Steve tenses involuntarily, sucking in a sharp breath. He’s a bit sore, still. His whole body aches in a pleasurable way, but between his legs is particularly tender, and maybe a little too much so. He and Bucky had gotten carried away, perhaps, and it’s not like his body can repair itself quickly like it used to.
“Christ, Steve, would you listen to what I’m actually saying? You really think – don’t you know me at all?”
“I brought wine and dessert.”  Tony adds weakly, holding up a bottle in one hand and a pink bakery box in the other.
“Could’ve just asked, knucklehead.”  He rights the glass, eyeing the water dripping down onto the floor.  “Not that much left in there anyway.”
, really – but Steve’s not sure he’ll remember a word of it come morning.  He suspects Pepper’s well aware of that probability.
“And those are just the ones we know about.”  Fury adds to the unspoken statement he’s just made.  Steve shifts his stance, ready to protest, defend Bucky from all of this.  There’s no way.  His best friend cannot possibly be this person.   And yet, he is.  Was.  Still is?  There’s no way to comprehend this.
“Uh-huh.” Steve ducks away from Tony’s efforts, slipping under his raised arm to go back to the main dressing room.
“The great tactician has no plan?  What is this madness?”  Tony taunts and Steve’s smile spreads full.
Bucky smiles his slightly crooked, earnest smile, and turns his head to press a kiss to Steve’s palm.
He does a furtive headcount as he descends, footsteps light and fast, and comes up two short.  He knows where Bruce is but Tony is saved from asking after the Captain’s whereabouts by the opening of the front door.
“Oh, uh, yeah, I did.  I think I did?  Honestly, time’s been nothing but a blur this past…whatever it’s been.”  He takes off his work gloves, tosses them aside.  “You…you look better.  In the grand scheme of things.  I mean, you’re not winning Mr. Universe any time soon, but you’re upright and you’re talking, so I think we can go ahead and file it in the plus column.”
“Barnes was recovered by a team from the USSR and cryogenically frozen.  That’s a little like what happened to you except absolutely intentional,” Natasha explains before he even has time to be confused by her terminology.  “The Winter Soldier was first activated during the Cold War and then disappeared off the map in the early 1990s after the wall came down.  Some years later, he turned up in the Middle East, Northern Africa, China.  It was at this time that I first became aware of him myself.  He was pretty much a legend, a bedtime story that they would tell us.  The ultimate assassin.”
He doesn’t realize what’s he’s done until he’s putting on the finishing touches.  He’s dropped a loosely structured column of falling glass down the center of the piece, each tiny shard connected to the others with tensile strength cord that Bruce had given him precisely for this purpose, something he got from OsCorp.  The cord’s nearly invisible so it looks like the icy blue glass is suspended on its own, an explosion frozen in mid-air and trapped in the curves of the surrounding flames.  The three pale blue lights he recessed inside the bottom of the sculpture illuminate each piece of glass, setting everything a shimmer.
“Hmm-hmm,” Tony nods, concentrating intently on mixing a fresh cocktail even though he could probably do this in his sleep.
“We also have to have enough money to get the picture made. We can’t do that if we can’t get beyond casting.”
There’s not really enough room on the couch for both of them to lie down beside each other, but they make it work.  As he wraps an arm around Natasha’s slender waist, he can’t suppress a light chuckle.  This is not how he imagined his first time sleeping with a dame would be.
Tony pulls the drawstring of Steve’s pants all the way loose and drags himself away from Steve’s kiss.  He drops to his knees, stripping Steve’s only article of clothing down his strong legs.  Tony doesn’t stop to look before engulfing Steve’s length, taking as much down as he can in one smooth movement.  He’ll give himself a moment to appraise as soon as he brings Steve to the brink, not willing to risk a moment’s pause for Steve to doubt.
He keeps kissing Steve until his cock goes soft and slips out, then Tony moves his mouth down Steve’s body and buries his face between Steve’s legs. He eagerly plunges his tongue inside Steve’s hole, lapping up all traces of his own come. Steve lifts himself up onto his elbows and buries his hands in Tony’s hair, sighing with unexpected pleasure. While Steve does this to him often, he’s always so surprised by how good it feels when Tony returns the favor, like he didn’t know his body could react so well to someone’s mouth
“No, Tony.  I can see it all over you.  Everyone can.  I’m okay with twelve percent of a building; I can’t make do with twelve percent of your heart.”
“Because Bucky Barnes has called you about half a dozen times in the past hour and you’ve ignored every one. Considering that he’d only call you in the event of a Steve-related emergency, I’m wondering why you’re not answering.”
…” he murmurs to himself.  Below the one-inch high bold print there is a photograph of a young man, crisply posed.  He has a flashy devil-may-care grin that Steve has seen before on another man’s face.
“Exactly.  And I could sell ice to an Eskimo.  I could talk him into seeing you, if I had the chance.”
Despite the rain, Tony is leading away from the mansion, going deeper into the park, and it occurs to Steve that he never asked Tony why he’d sought him out in the first place.
Finding out how Sam wound up in this business will take a little hacking into SHIELD that he doesn’t have the patience or time for in present company, but from his short bio, this kid sounds like someone right up Cap’s alley.  The kind of hero Steve could readily relate to and accept.
“I hope you realize that now that I’m here, on top of you, on this couch, I don’t plan on moving for quite awhile.”
It’s not the same place.  It’s not the hangar of HYDRA’s base in the Alps.  The dimensions are different, the light is changed, and the details are off.  But it’s so close to the past that when he catches a flash of the woman’s dark brown hair out of the corner of his eye, for a second he thinks she’s Peggy.
“God, I love you,” he whispers, backing up the stairs and bringing Steve with him.  Steve echoes his sentiment, mouthing endearments and promises along his jawline and throat as they finally manage to find the bed.
“I want to see him.”  Steve doesn’t realize he has risen from his chair until he sees all the faces around the table angling upward to look at him.
“I know what you’re worth, I’ll hold out for a better offer.” Steve glances back over his shoulder at Tony and half-smiles crookedly, a tentative thing that seems to eke out despite his efforts to hold it back. Tony practically melts even at that timid, barely-there reaction.
Tony takes the gamble and lets himself in.  The click of the door closing behind him announces his presence in the quiet bedroom.
He takes a deep breath and puts his fingertips against the thick glass, resting his forehead gently between his hands and looking straight down.   It’s a long drop.
, as this is all a little out of his realm of experience, but he at least wanted to look Bucky in the eyes when he, at long last, said the unsaid.
“Natasha?” Steve scoffs. “Have you ever tried to pry anything from her? She’s not going to say a word.” It never even occurred to him to try asking her, the idea is so ludicrous. “Besides, I wouldn’t want to put her in the middle of anything.”
Pepper smiles, and he’s sure it’s real this time.  She raises her glass, tips it toward him in a silent toast.  Steve copies the movement and clinks his rim against hers before taking a sip.  The champagne is dry and crisp and the bubbles tickle his nose.  It occurs to him that he’s never actually had champagne before; Tony would be amused and appalled if he knew.
This realization didn’t hit until much, much later.  He didn’t immediately comprehend that he hadn’t suddenly been willing to lay down his life for the sake of the city and for the world at large.  He hadn’t needed any reason on that grand a scale.  He’d been willing to do it for
“I’m willing to try. If he is, that is. And if you’re willing to be patient. It’s not gonna be smooth sailing.”
“Most respectfully, I do agree with Brother Stark,” Thor states.  “It seems highly irregular to inform the Captain of his comrade’s continued existence on this earthly plane to only then turn about and deny him the right to visit this dear friend.”
“No. Not at all.” It’s a confident, absolute refusal, and Tony immediately believes it. “Honestly, he’s more my brother than anything. Been living in each other’s pockets since we were kids. He’s the only family I got.”
Entering the apartment, Steve sees it with fresh eyes, wondering what it will look like to someone as fashionable as Janet. Their furniture is merely serviceable, their décor practically non-existent. Steve’s pretty sure the boring ocean landscape painting above the couch came with the place.
But perhaps it is a small comfort to know that Steve Rogers is only two steps behind him, should he ever change his mind.
Then Bucky’s face freezes for a split second, and Steve knows that he hadn’t meant to bring up Tony right now, like that. He looks instantly regretful of his choice in words.
His words trail off as he catches sight of Natasha and Clint standing up, somehow miraculously sober, and walking straight down the hallway to the elevator with unwavering steps and nary a look back.  Steve lets his shoulders slump.
“Something’s wrong.”  He announces, quickly pulling up the message from one of the previously unreturned calls.  It’s a video from Maria Hill.  There’s a large gash above her eyebrow and her usually cool eyes are wide with panic.  There’s commotion behind her.
“I’ve always loved these tiles,” Steve remarks, gazing up the ceiling.  Impossibly, the Minton tiles look even better than they did in his day.
,” Tony complains, frowning. What was Barnes playing at here, getting Pepper involved? Granted, maybe Tony shouldn't have ignored his calls, but his deliberate absence was designed to give Steve and Bucky
Steve’s body seems to radiate heat when they’re close like this; his skin is warm to the touch and Tony wants to get his greedy hands on more of it.  He rucks up Steve’s tee, sliding his palms over the ridges of Steve’s carved muscles.  The sensation makes Tony shiver, like the first time he ran his hands over the curve of a classic car or held the Iron Man helmet in his hands.
“So the brother, the autistic one, is a savant with numbers so the douche takes advantage and uses him to beat the house in Vegas.  Anyway, long story short, somewhere along the way, this guy, this jerk, he finally sees past his own bullshit and he realizes what having this brother, this really special brother, means to him.  How important that is.  So he’s trying, and
“It’s nothing, just a business card.” Steve holds it up between two fingers, meaning to show it as nothing at all important. He didn’t expect Darcy to snatch it from his grasp, though he probably should have.
He lasts five minutes, every tick-tock of the clock taunting him with its utter slowness, before he can’t take it any longer.
“Never heard of him.” Jane nudges Steve with her elbow lightly, conspiratorially, and relief washes over him. Her gaze ticks upward to Natasha, who must signal her own approval because a small smile curls at the edges of Jane’s mouth and Natasha’s hand relaxes on his shoulder. “And did you just imply that I’m
He doesn’t frequent The Shield often enough to have any claim to a regular seat, but this spot half in the shadows at the far, curving end of the long mahogany bar is the closest he’ll ever come to one. He angles his back to the wall, his eye line toward the door, and he nurses the same scotch and soda until it becomes far too warm and watery to taste worth a damn.
Bucky gives him a quick look like he’s not entirely sure he should be saying this or that Steve wants to hear it.
“Nat, I dig your hot pink bra, by the way,” Bucky abruptly changes topic, looking down pointedly at the shock of neon color showing through her black crocheted dress.
“Not fast enough.”  He turns to Pepper – he never knows what to say to her at times like these, but this circumstance feels worse than ever.  A casual quip to reassure her isn’t going to cut it.  Tony looks at her, waiting a beat before he speaks, wanting her to fully understand.  “I love you, Pepper.”
.  He doesn’t think he’s ever hung up on Pepper before, not during a real non-business related conversation.  But he doesn’t want to hear any more about how he’s going to wreck Steve or how Steve’s going to wreck him.  Can’t break what’s already broken.
“Well he’s doing great. The script’s a bit of a mess and that Erik…” Jan shakes her head, taking another sip of wine like she desperately needs the alcohol. “That man may be talented, and granted he is a bit of a looker, but his
to look loads better than Steve looks right now. If even just because he’s dressed better.  Even Steve’s boring khakis and blue plaid shirt are rumpled rather than ironed and creased to perfection.  “So, what’s up, pussycat, what’s got your star spangled self all less than super shiny?”
Tears well up behind his eyelids and he doesn’t even know why.  He hurriedly wipes them away, desperate to get ahold of himself before Pepper and Tony follow him outside.
Steve had never been to L.A. before the war, and hadn’t spent all that much time here during his time as Captain America, but even he can see the difference in the air now, can feel it when he breathes. He doesn’t know if it’s his sensitive lungs or if it’s really just growing that bad, but if it gets any worse, Steve might have to figure out a way to pack his glass nebulizer to take with him during his morning exercise.
“Touching down in a minute, guys.”  Clint announces from the cockpit, reaching upward to flip some switches.  The Quinjet dips lower, slowly descending.  The mansion was not really set up properly to have this thing land on the roof, so that’s just another reason why the tower seems like a good idea.  Tony almost wishes they were going there now, and he could lay Steve out on their brand new bed in the suite he’d designed to share.  He could spend all night whispering victory over every inch of Steve’s body.
He tosses it into the wastebasket without so much as looking at the headline and resolutely tries to focus on the day ahead, even if Natasha’s words niggle the back of his mind.
“I’ll grab some for you,” Steve offers the others even though they haven’t asked.  When he enters the kitchen, Tony’s rustling around in the fridge, beer bottles clinking as he grabs two in one hand and turns around.  Steve grabs the door to stop it from closing as Tony steps back.
“Fine.” Steve shrugs, taking a big bite of his sandwich.  Tony grunts, crumpling up his napkin before shoving his own food aside.
“Tony Stark, ready for anything.” Happy states and Tony agrees without thinking, the boast as natural as breathing.  It’s not until the elevator doors close on Happy’s departing figure that he stops to consider if it’s true.
“It’s only across the street, darling. Simply a hop, skip, and a jump.” Steve eases her out the door onto the landing even as she tries to hop, skip, and jump her way there.
Now it feels different.  Steve’s silence isn’t passive-aggressively antagonistic or the slightest bit standoffish.  Tony doesn’t even get the sense that Steve’s withdrawing, locking himself inside his head with thoughts of Bucky and other ghosts of his past. He’s warm toward Pepper, pleasant toward Tony, and the rest of the time he’s just…quiet.  And calm.
Steve moves to sit on the edge of the bed, looking up at his best friend through the shag of his bed-mussed hair. He pushes the wayward strands off his forehead. He’s still dressed in last night’s clothes, rumpled and unkempt.
“This elevator is private when in use,” Tony mentions casually, as if it were merely an interesting piece of trivia and not a clear invitation. Steve’s grip tightens. Tony places a hand over his and slowly urges Steve’s arm all the way around his waist. Something close to a whimper escapes Steve’s lips when the bulge between his legs nestles perfectly against the small of Tony’s back. Just hard enough to seem purposeful, Tony rubs against him through their clothes, excited by Steve’s obvious arousal.
Steve wants to care – and part of him does, the part that had kind of hoped that he and Tony had finally found some common ground, some mutual respect, and could work together well in the future – but right now he’s too exhausted to deal with a man who had taken what had happened while fighting as an Avenger and pulled entirely the wrong lessons from it.  After Tony first decided that he could handle every situation on his own, he then turned around and decided he’d rather not handle any situation at all.  Both decisions seemed like the wrong call.
Tony watches her go, his brow slightly furrowed.  He couldn’t have heard what she’d said, but it’s obvious the kiss and the whisper have his interest piqued.
“I met her once.”  That gets Pepper’s attention back on him immediately.  “She came ‘round once to see my dad.  I must’ve been around nine or so.”  Tony scratches his forehead with his thumb.  Pepper is staring at him like this is mind-boggling news.  “I told you that, I’m sure I told you that.”
“But it’s a big one,” Tony observes, flipping back through the book in the opposite direction, like he’s counting the drawings this time.  “You’ve been covering quite a bit of ground.”
He ignores that for now, filing it away, and reads the assignment with as much thoroughness as he can afford when Pierce is waiting for an immediate appraisal.
The water is washing away the evidence Tony left on his skin; Steve grabs the soap and scrubs away the rest of the flaky streaks of come on his stomach, and where it had leaked from inside his body and dried on his inner thighs. Doing this only makes him harder, and by the time he’s washed his hair with the shampoo that smells like Tony, he’s on the verge of coming again.
“Uh, um, what?”  Bruce blinks, head dropping forward and then jerking back up, stumbling clumsily into alertness.  “Sorry, I-“
“And we should probably make out.  I think the law requires that two attractive people in this position do so.”
Steve’s had to fight him for every inch of ground in this relationship, from the day they met up until right now.  Steve always has been better about the honest emotions, about making the effort, about the straightforward, straight up love that has no use for ironic distance.  Steve doesn’t love with the safety on.
“Could’ve at least let me say I love you too,” Tony says as Steve hits him in just the right place and he pitches forward with a moan, hands slipping on the counter.  Steve slips forward with him, pressed against Tony’s sweat-slick back as Tony involuntarily clenches around his length.  Steve comes with a bitten-off groan and the feel of Steve pulsing inside of him is nearly too much for Tony to take.
“Next time, Buck.  Gotta sit this one out.”  Steve grabs his keys and his jacket.  “Pepper, I’ll let you know soon as I get to Tony.  I’m sure he’s fine.”
“Not that I don't enjoy your glittering company, Tony, but what brings you here? As you've already been so kind to point out, you're hardly in need of new costumes for the film,” Jan asks, drippingly sweet.
"You know, you look younger when you smile," Steve comments, which only serves to make Tony's grin grow wider.  Because of Tony’s glib refusal to take most things seriously, Steve never thought of Tony as someone who smiled rarely.  But it’s something he realizes now, simply because if Tony is smiling
Tony should probably be thankful he’s being let onto the Paramount lot, that someone’s willing to talk to him about leasing him production space.
He sucks in a deep breath, considering doing it, just bringing himself off quick and dirty all over the tile, when the bathroom door opens, bringing with it a rush of cool air that flutters the shower curtain.
The first photograph is him and Tony on Tony’s balcony, standing a little too close but seemingly engaged in innocent conversation.
Steve doesn’t reply.  For some reason, he knows he’s not supposed to, which is fine because he doesn’t really have anything intelligent to say.
“So, that was what I walked in on here?” She prompts him softly.  “The cathartic breakfast of champions?”
Tony found Steve breathtaking since the moment they’d met, so it’s no shock that something lustful stirs deep inside of him as he looks. But something else tugs at him, something deeper that makes him wonder if it’s possible to fall in love this fast.
“And I ordered Thai curry for dinner from that place you like. I know, I know, you’re not hungry,” Tony cuts off a protest that Steve didn’t even try to make. “But it will help clear out your sinuses and I tell you, that heat actually feels good on the sore throat. You’ll see, I’m not wrong.”
“You coming?” Steve jerks his head out the door as he opens it. He and Tony entered his trailer together; they should probably leave it together. Nothing raises a red flag quicker than acting like they have something to hide.
Steve folds the paper and sets it aside before placing his hands on his knees. One would think Bucky was gunning to be the next studio head with the way he always harps on about these things. But the big honcho’s office is a lifetime away from the small little screenwriting bungalow Bucky and his partner, Natasha, share.
“He does.” Steve nods slowly, while his mind races a mile a minute trying to figure out what his next move is here. Bucky takes a step toward him. “I was…I was planning on talking to you about this. I mean, he wants us to talk about this and…”
Old, yellowing monster movie posters are tacked up crookedly on the right wall, and the wide double doors take up most of the last wall, leading out to the rest of the basement and the long, sloping ramp back up to the backlot. There are no windows, and if he hadn’t just walked in from outside, he’d have no idea of the weather or the time of day.
The inner rim of Tony’s mouth is stained dark red from the wine, and Steve wonders what he would taste like if they kissed. Steve drinks from his own glass to busy himself, letting the earthy flavor explode over his tongue.
The doctor leaves him for a moment, going to the second ‘copter and efficiently pulling wires loose from the control panels.  She disappears from his view and he can only assume she’s doing the same thing to the third.
Steve seems lost in his and Tony’s kiss, and he blindly chases after Tony’s lips when Bucky grabs Tony by the shoulder and pulls him away. His muscular arms circle Tony’s slim hips, and Bucky’s flesh and blood hand, slick with lube, encircles Tony’s cock. He strokes with purpose, not teasing in the slightest.
He’d expected to hate the man if they were ever to meet. Instead, Tony wants nothing more than to see him again.
“That…is that recommended? The whole gutting and the rebuilding? Seems a little extreme.” Tony can’t help himself; he moves back in and peers down at the thin silver brackets and pronged knobs, held together with the tiniest of screws. Granted, he’s taken apart his fair share of equipment of all different types, but that’s him. He’s unsure of Banner’s skills.
