‘Sam is a close friend. One of my best friends. I find it easier to speak to him. Because that’s all he is to me.’
Dean laughed at that. ‘Are you sure? Maybe you need to tell your face!’ Cas looked disgruntled for a moment then started to laugh. Sam joined in. And just like that the tension was gone and the group was back to normal.
‘Thank you Dean. It’s a loan. A new designer I met is trying to get some publicity. Usually I have a stylist for the events I go to for work, thought I would try branching out on my own.’
‘Cas of course I want you. I’ve just saved your life, made you human, all because I was too selfish to consider my life without you.’
‘Cas, you promised man! You promised. You’ve got to come back. You got your ears on? Wherever you are, you have to come back to me. Or so help me, I will come and find you.’
She went and put a pot of coffee on. She was amazed, given their positions, not to find an empty bottle of whiskey lying around.
Dean started chuckling. ‘Calm down both of you. You’ll be best buds by the end of the week.’ Cas just raised an eyebrow at Dean while Benny put an arm around his shoulders, in a definitely not staking his claim kind of way, not at all.
The rest of the group arrives soon after. Cas makes introductions. Rowena raises her eyebrows at Dean, but makes no comment. He’s not sure Hannah or Alfie have any clue who he is, which makes life easier.
‘Hold on Dean, you can see for yourself.’ Cas put his fingers to Dean’s forehead and in a blink they were stood outside of a log cabin on the edge of a lake.
Dean gave his father a hug. ‘Say hello to Mom.’ Sam gives a small nod. Dean heads purposely out of the bar. Sam watches him go.
Chuck is an odd boss. Sometimes wants to know all the nitty gritty of his team’s lives, other times not interested at all, in work or his team. He totally checks out and Cas has to pick up the slack. He finds it very frustrating.
They dominate the conversation over dinner, luckily, so Dean can sit back and laugh at the appropriate place, without having to contribute much. Lisa kept catching his eye.
Mary hunched over the body of her dead husband sobbing. Sam came to comfort her, she laid her head on her youngest son’s shoulder letting out her grief for the life she should have had.
Cas finds a table in a corner, away from prying eyes outside. It’s late so there are few other patrons.
He sat down next to Cas. I’m not very good at forgiving. I should have tried harder to sort this out.’
‘Look Benny, it’s not. If it was then I would have done something about it a long time ago. But neither of us feel like that. There’s love, yes, but you know, just not in that way.’
Dean came into view, dressed in shorts, flip flops and sunglasses. Anna let out a gasp and went purple. He bent down to look at the camera, putting his sunglasses up on his head, ‘Everything ok Claire?’
He glances at his phone as he gets out of the cab. Meg is inside. Sam and Eileen are on their way. He’s not heard from anyone else. Maybe Dean won’t make it after all. He’s very busy. Cas isn’t surprised.
But he couldn’t explain all of that to Cas. It would make it seem like he meant, well... something else. And Cas didn’t want that. He’d had plenty of opportunity over the years to say if he did, hadn’t he? Hell, Dean made it clear last night that he wanted Cas to want him in that way. How could he have been more obvious? No, that was not something Cas wanted.
Claire detaches herself and heads into the waiting embrace, breathing in his smell as she burrows her head into his chest. ‘I had no idea it was going to be like that, Dad.’
Surprisingly, the night goes smoothly. The rest of the bar patrons generally leave Dean alone. They sample a few more French whites, getting slowly tipsy. Cas feels a warm and fuzzy glow surround him. The group spend most of the night laughing. It’s easy. Dean is, obviously, a born entertainer. But he does it in a warm inclusive way, everyone is drawn into his stories.
He cocks his head in question. It’s so reminiscent, no, nope, uh uh, he’s not going to think about that.
Dean lies in bed and runs his hands through his hair. Life would just be so much simpler if he and Cas ...
‘Well if I hadn’t heard the end of your conversation just now ... Charlie told me. I was trying to get hold of him to talk Christmas present shopping a few weeks ago. I spoke to her about his schedule. She mentioned a date.’
They had no idea. All the injuries they could see had been healed by Cas while he was alive. What they couldn’t were see all the reckless things Dean had tried to do as time wore on. He knew Cas was there, interfering, keeping him safe. He got more stupid, more obvious. It was the only way he could go on, the only way to get that feeling back, to fight the loneliness, to know that Cas still cared.
‘You wrote this?’ He nodded. ‘It’s good, best one yet I think.’ A big compliment coming from her. He pulled her in to kiss the top of her head.
Sam knew what he was trying to say. ‘Deaf? No, but he worked as a translator, a respectable job, unlike his namesake’.
‘What? Not now Sammy.’ The second glass was gone. ‘He didn’t even think to mention this to me? I thought we had fixed things, were friends again.’
‘Nothing Cas, nothing. I just, uh, needed to vent. You know.’ Dean falls silent, Cas hears him swallow.
He couldn’t understand what had happened. It had been years since they were able to speak like they used to, but Cas was still his best friend. He missed sharing his life with him.
‘Dean.’ Cas repeats insistently. He crouched down so his face is level with Dean’s. Dean looks up into the blue eyes which stare into his sole. ‘I love you.’
‘We’ll need a new refrigerator, that one has seen better days. And I can fix that loose step. Maybe paint outside.’
As the day wore on the party eventually dwindled. In the new heaven everyone had a home of their choosing with their loved ones or close to as they wished. Most of Sam and Dean’s friends were only a short walk from the bar.
‘Just peachy.’ Dean tips the glass into his mouth, leaning his head back, keeping his eyes on the bar in front of him.
Ben’s tutor came to introduce himself the next day, a tall serious man, Sam soon relaxes around Ben and his father. He often travelled with the production company. His best friend had got him the job temporarily a few years before, he hadn’t been sure when he first started it, but Sam now relished the opportunity. He enjoyed the one on one teaching, getting to know families, travelling and seeing new places.
He’s disappointed too. Cas has decided to stay away. Bobby said he was around. But not for Dean clearly. That’s fine, he gets it. Maybe Cas regrets saying what he did. Of course he does. He didn’t mean it. Dean isn’t those things Cas said. He should regret his words, Dean thinks the guy is a bit insane if he thinks all that stuff about him. He definitely isn’t worth dying for. Of course Cas regrets that. Dean mentally kicks himself for having let himself start believing Cas really felt like that about him, that what he said was true. It wasn’t. It can’t have been.
Sam continues to look worried but Dean ignores him, slapping on false bonhomie, keeping the celebratory atmosphere going.
He looks up to the house to see lights on inside. That’s odd, Claire would usually have told him if she’d decided to come home. Maybe she had an argument with one of her friends.
Cas picked up his phone. ‘I’ll talk to Charlie, she’s the pro. She’ll know how best to do it.’ Dean nodded.
He’s catching up with Charlie and Tess while Cas is off speaking to some people he knows. Tess suddenly stands still, tense. ‘What the hell is she doing here?’
‘You’re perfect, just what we’re looking for Ben.’ He beamed under Gabriel’s paternal tone. Dean’s encouraging presence, ‘Go get them kid’ murmured in his ear before every audition, was right behind his son.
He learns about her ‘former life’ as she calls it and how she ends up with Dean. Though she can’t be more than ten years older than him, it’s clear she has motherly tendencies towards him. Cas is glad Dean has someone to look out for him like her. He needs some good friends, he’s learnt that in the short time he’s known the man.
It was Dean Jr’s turn to look harrowed. ‘She was kidnapped. She was pregnant. Whoever it was did something, she lost the baby, we think they harnessed power from them both somehow.’
When she caught up with him he was chopping wood. She stood back due to the flying wood. He was swinging the axe with such force the wood was mostly splitting after one hit. It seemed to be making him angrier.
‘My tenants move out next month. Your dad has kindly been letting me stay. But as you’re home I can relocate to a hotel.’
‘Yeah, that definitely makes more sense Claire, good idea.’ Dean shook his head. Had Cas really just said that? He looked over, Cas shrugged questioningly at him.
Dean surged forwards, unable to stop himself, but brought himself up short when he reached the glowing ball of energy that was Cas.
He makes a dash for it soon after, sauntering along the hallway to the escalator of the fancy building their offices are in texting Cas to see when he’ll be home. He walks into someone he didn’t even see coming. He finds himself staring into deep brown eyes as he helps her gather the papers he has scattered around.
‘I’m sorry Cas.’ Dean reaches out tentatively, ‘I didn’t mean to be so self involved.’ Cas shrugged but didn’t reply.
Dean decides to try writing again. He had been living off savings and now everything is settled he has bought a new house for him and Ben in LA. He can’t face going back to Texas and he’s only round the corner from Sam. Sam nags him about looking after himself, his diet, exercise etc etc. He tries to be bothered. But the whiskey bottle is more appealing. It numbs the empty feeling.
‘I’m fine Gabe, thank you for your concern.’ The second drink was gone within seconds of being placed before Dean. Gabriel wisely chose not to comment again.
‘I disappoint everyone eventually, it was only a matter of time with you. I ruin everything I touch. I’ve made you miserable this weekend. I’m sorry Cas.’ Dean is almost crying.
‘To be honest, I think I’m done. I’m not made for this role, I hate it. I’m going to look for a new job.’
The red head came in with a decidedly sunny expression. Her nose wrinkled as she surveyed the wreckage.
He turns over and can see Dean in the small corridor by the door with a blond woman having a whispered conversion. Dean is in sweatpants with bed head. The woman seems to be in work out gear.
‘They thought it upset me?’ Dean coughs out a laugh, ‘Yeah man, he looks like you, but he’s not. Have you got any idea? I’ve watched you die so many times and seeing him was like seeing a facsimile of you. He’s so obviously not you. Have you got any idea how much it hurts?’
While he raced upstairs, everyone else remained outside the front door. The mood suddenly shifted. No one knew what to say. Claire came back from the bathroom and looked around. ‘Who died?’
‘Well, now you have seen this version of me this may stay as your preferred way of remembering me.’ Cas responded, cheeks reddening slightly.
‘Yeah, Dad, sure you have.’ She raised an eyebrow at him, ‘you were on hold, waiting for things to get better. If you weren’t so emotionally constipated you would have spoken to him sooner and sorted out whatever it is you guys sorted out.’
Dean turned quickly, searching out the newcomer. A huge smile spread across his face. He grabbed Sam’s arm and pulled him towards the door. When Sam turned, he started running. He picked his wife up and spun her around. ‘How long?’ ‘Ten years.’ Eileen signed. Sam buried his face in her hair and pulled her close.
‘Look, I don’t know what happened with you guys, but you’re the best friend Dean ever had. He needs you back.’
Ben and Jack slump in the sofa talking a mile a minute about the fishing trip. Poor Eileen can’t keep up so Sam is signing the conversation for her.
Sam opens and closes his mouth. Screws his eyes shut. Let’s out a long breath. ‘That’s a relief.’ Then, a pause, ‘Why isn’t he here?’
‘And the image no doubt. Fans imagining Dean going home to dirty nappies isn’t quite the same as the hard partying persona he’s painted over the years.’
‘So you don’t speak to me because there’s more to our relationship than with Sam? Care to elaborate Cas?’
He’s used to having no home. He spent his childhood bouncing around, and most of his adulthood. It’s only been recently he’s felt settled. The bunker became his home. Would there be a bunker here? There’s a roadhouse, so logic would mean it likely. He’ll ask Bobby.
As the evening wore on, Dean relaxed. He realised that Sam was right. His friend was a genuinely nice person. He was warm and funny (although not traditionally so, but Dean likes his dry style, thinks he is hilarious), interesting to listen to and listened attentively to others.
The conversation in the car ride is little stilted. Benny seems a nice man, but not someone who Cas has loads in common with. Though he doesn’t with Dean on paper either. He decides Benny is sizing him up, though he’s not sure why. They have a good conversation for duration of the journey.
‘Really?’ He smirked over at Cas, ‘I must have a go at some of yours!’ He grabbed a sheet at random and set it down.
They got through pleasantries and ordered some wine and food. Cas’ nerves settled as the evening went on. Rowena was right, they did have a lot in common.
‘Oh, I think I can do that.’ Jack steps forward, waves his hand in front of Cas’ face. The cut and the blood are gone.
On the way home in the car Dean began to look tense. Claire could see it in the way he gripped the steering wheel. They were sat in traffic when he blurted out ‘Do we need to have the talk?’
In the end Sam shrugs, goes along with Dean’s ridiculous stance. ‘The main thing is, he’s out. He’s here.’
The problem of Amara reared its head just as they were about to go home. Cas had avoided the topic. She rang Dean the night before they were due to leave. She wanted him to join her at a meeting with the network the day Dean got back. Provide a united front. Dean agreed.
‘Yeah it’s great, the crowds are amazing, we’ve always had so much fun up on stage.’ He paused, ‘but it’s getting tiring. Sam is still going, but I’m nearly 40. It’s a lot. We’ve been on the road for years. I think it’s time to slow down.’
When he was dating, perhaps he was only really looking for the physical, as he had everything else. Even when they weren’t speaking, Dean was there at the forefront of his mind, Cas realised.
‘I need to apologise to you. For the way I’ve been... I have missed you so much Cas, I can’t even tell you.
‘I’m going for a drive.’ Dust flying, he tore off down the road. Bobby remained sat in his chair with a small satisfied smile on his face as he pulled out another beer.
Dean is lying in his room, earphones on, blasting Metallica to calm himself down. He’d seen the look on John’s face. Knew what it meant. Not that John had anything to worry about. It wasn’t like that. It really wasn’t.
The press obviously spot the interaction and call for photos of all four. Gabe calls out and explains their link. It breaks whatever is happening in Dean’s head and he snaps to, turning and moving back from Cas. Cas looks down at his shoes.
She was pleased to hear him say that, although he had said it before. She knew that stopping singing and touring would be like stopping breathing for him. But she appreciated the sentiment.
‘Dean, you’re still my best friend as well. But I couldn’t stay anymore. For my own sake. Although I am sorry it didn’t work out with Amara.’
They’re stood outside the terminal with Lisa’s bags around them. Ben is giving her a tearful hug goodbye. Dean leans in to give her a kiss on the cheek when suddenly she lunges and pulls him in for a kiss full on the mouth.
They start to move out when Dean stops short, ‘Cas? Dude? Come on!’ He’s hopping impatiently from foot to foot, while fixing his brilliant green eyes on Cas.
‘Great buddy.’ He turns to Cas, ‘Where did I put my shoes when we got in last night?’ Cas’ stands mute, he can’t form words. Ben jumps in to save him, grabbing his dad’s shoes and following him back upstairs gabbling about his trip.
They agree to keep things light for their son’s sake. Not make a big deal of it. Maybe absence would make the heart grow fonder.
Cas stepped up, ‘It might be better if you stayed away. Dean is the Michael Sword, but it’s your bloodline that’s the key.’
‘Hey, I was giving him the space he needed! I didn’t know what was wrong, I didn’t want to make it worse. And he was raising you, what more could I ask for? He’s the best example of a stable, rational person you could have had.’
Dean snorts. ‘Wow, you really are a dorky little dude. That’s an odd compilation of facts there Cas. Don’t ever change.’ He looks toward Cas with a fond smile which takes away any sting that may have come with Dean’s first words. Cas feels a warmth spreading across his chest. It takes him a moment to recognise it as relaxation.
Claire was in her room. She could hear them laughing. Something in the tone sounded different. She started to head downstairs, peered into the living room.
Cas smiles at him snd steps back to let Dean in. He hasn’t been to Sam’s place before other than to drop him off. It looks a bit stark, but somehow cluttered.
‘Yes Dean, she is. She’s been a good friend since we moved here. Her son has left home and she’s all alone as well. It’s good to have someone to share a glass of wine and some gossip with sometimes.’
‘Dean Winchester and I have been friends since I acted as his son’s father in a film a number of years ago. Dean has kindly let me stay with him while my house is unavailable. We are good friends and nothing more. Please respect his privacy. I will be making no further comment.’
‘Nice isn’t quite the word to describe Meg, but I like her. She grows on you.’ Cas stops for a moment, thinking, ‘Dean, she’s not…’
She arrived at Dean’s house bearing nacho fixings, a bottle of wine, beer and wearing a Star Wars T-shirt.
‘The bunker?’ Cas nods. He slowly descends the stairs. ‘Well you’re always welcome here, as usual.’ Cas nods again but doesn’t say anything. He carried on looking around. Picks up some objects, things that Dean was sure had long since been destroyed. Thumbs some books. Cas nods again. Is he not going to say anything?
Then it comes to him, he lets go and pushes the younger man up against the bar again, ‘How are you here? Sam didn’t say you were coming. He would know.’ He didn’t get how heaven worked, but your loved ones knew when you were coming.
He makes his way to his own room, pottering about with his nightly routine. The house is silent and dark. It gives his mind room to sort through everything he has learned recently.
Cas’s ears then pink and the shade creeps up his neck. ‘No, I do still like his films. Just, I think I might be busy then.’
Cas looked at Dean, then quietly, ‘Yes of course Dean. I may do. But I will also make sure to speed up the process of moving into my own home. I’m sure you would also appreciate the space.’
Dean glares back, he’s not sure what she’s talking about but won’t give her the satisfaction of asking.
Claire, meanwhile, opened the door and threw her bags in wordlessly as Cas handed her a helmet. She got on the bike, doing up the chin strap. ‘Just go, Dad, please. Everyone is staring.’
A soft knock on the door was followed by Eileen’s head peering in. She smiled at him and held out a cup of coffee.
What? No. I mean he would. Definitely. But he wouldn’t dare try. He wasn’t mad! He catches Dean laughing at him and relaxes.
Jack was his usual oddball self, disappearing for hours to come back with random flower samples, which Cas took great delight in trying to name.  Claire grilled him on her crushes to find out which ones were nice people (not many) and who Jack could introduce her to (none, Jack, she’s not even 17, so help me).
Dean runs his hand over the sleek black body. ‘I missed you too.’ He murmurs, but maybe not just to the car.
Dean walks over to where Sam, Castiel and Ben are sat with the Jack. He watches for a moment before rubbing his hands together, ‘So, lunch?’
Dean grins. ‘Thanks Cas, maybe another time. I actually do have to do some work tomorrow so I should head back.’
‘You are a worthy man who has much love to give. You will find the right person who will see that and return that ove. I have faith.’
Sam happens to walk in at that point and snorts. ‘He’s no different to everyone else.’ Cas smiles up at Sam.
Her friends and family had a right to be happy; for the rest of their lifetime would be filled with safe, joyful memories. The Empty would not strike again soon.
I still want you. I wanted you the moment I laid eyes on you, I wanted you at dinner, I wanted you when we danced, I wanted you when you walked away. Dean… I’m scared, too. For someone who’s studied soulmates almost their entire adult life, I shouldn’t be as nervous as I am. But the moment I saw you and you showed me how kind, selfless and loving you were, I felt inadequate. You’re just so caring and loved, your whole family thinks the world of you. I was scared that when you found out we were soulmates, you would be unhappy to be bonded with me. And… and I suppose that wasn’t too far from the truth.”
looked. Dean found himself staring at Cas’ pizza, along with his own burger. When he looked up, he found that Cas was doing the same.
Swallowing down his disappointment, he nods his head to the stool next to him. “Take a seat Cas, what’s your poison?”
graders settled into the couch, Sam changing the settings so the movie had subtitles. As the movie neared its end and the youngest Winchester had fallen asleep, Cas, who had been sketching the entire movie, stopped and tapped Dean on the shoulder. Dean who was in the middle of eating his fourth doughnut, paused mid bite to look over at his friend.
It all made her realise that she wasn’t a story teller. The stories however, never seemed to leave her.
It takes him a few minutes to navigate to Cas’ office as the building is full of long winding hallways and an abundance of offices. Mostly everyone has left for the day, all the offices he’s passed empty and dark. He wonders if Cas will still be there, or if he’s already on his own journey home. Dean worries that after all of this, maybe he’s missed his chance.
Despite his exhaustion, Dean ends up tossing and turning all night. The weight of everything suffocates him, from his past decisions, to the current choices he has to make. He knows what he wants to do, but doesn't know how to do it. He’s worried that he’ll mess it all up,
“Now cheer up, sunshine. Let’s get some coffee into you, and then after breakfast we can open Grace’s presents.”
Dean tied their horses to a pillar, before helping Castiel take off his overcoat and boots. The atmosphere was chilly, as the pool of fate was only just below the icy peak. However, the pool required the person entering to wear all white, as a sign of innocence and purity. Castiel stripped until he was in his training outfit: a silk white shirt and pants. As Castiel walked towards the pool, Dean turned away to face the only entrance to the area, protecting Castiel through his moment of vulnerability. Dean’s protection made him feel safe enough to enter and to try with all his might to summon his magic that laid dormant.
Dean spends the rest of his night tossing and turning, feeling an overwhelming sense of dread and anticipation over what he knows he has to do. When he eventually gives up and gets ready for the day, he feels as if he’s walking on legs made of jello. The nerves are kicking him hard, and the thought of what Cas will say churns in his mind. He hopes for the best outcome, that they’ll be able to forget about what happened, and move forward with a relationship. But a large part of him thinks that he may have fucked up, past the point of no return. Cas won’t want him anymore, and he’ll be left all alone.
The next day, Dean ends up trimming the video and sending it to Charlie, only to get a flurry of texts from her along the lines of:
The corner of the street was the home of Moby, another spirit that Cas and Dean knew. However, he wasn’t friendly like Mrs. Winnigan--rather the exact opposite. He was a preacher in his human life, that much Dean could tell. From what started as friendly conversation when Dean was 16 and visiting the campus for the first time, turned into a distaste when bigoted and vile words spilled from the ghost’s lips. Turned out the preacher was racists and highly homophobic. He grew to know Dean, classifying him as a “faggot” long before Dean could identify himself. Whenever Dean would go to the burger joint with Cas, Moby was shout hatred towards them--he’d claim that they were sinners for being fags and would be punished in the pits of hell. All because they stood
The first was Anna, a college sophomore who transferred to KU only last semester. She met Charlie at the first annual LGBTQ+ club event and it wasn’t long before the two became mutually exclusive. When Anna began eating with them late the previous semester, she asked if her brother could tag along. Turned out the only reason Anna transferred was so she could be closer to her half-brother, who had chosen KU as his own university of choice. The two of them had been estranged for most of their lives due to their parents’ rough divorce. Anna wanted more opportunities to talk to him and get to know him, considering neither of them were fond of the dad they shared, nor their respective mothers. It was what led Castiel to join them for lunch everyday, although he rarely talked. He mostly observed the conversations, answered a few questions here and there and ate his lunch quietly.
She walks over to him from her desk, instantly pulling him into a warm embrace. Dean doesn’t hesitate in relaxing into it, wrapping his arms around her and sinking into the hug. He’s known Pamela — Pam, as she prefers everyone to call her — for the past three years of his life. He can still remember when he met her, on a stormy Summer day in late August of ‘06. He remembers being terrified of her, scared of what she might think of the demo CD he’d sent her the month prior. He had no idea why she’d invited him to LA, or why she’d asked him to meet her at Lazarus Records. Little did he know at the time that Pam had big plans for him. Which is why she’s now both his manager, and good friend.
Dean’s lips were soft, despite being a little chapped. The beginning of the kiss was slow and unsure, the two of them both trying to navigate these new, unchartered waters, both attempting to get an understanding of each other. However, after a while, it grew more intense, with Cas lying back on the bed and Dean hovering over him, the kisses becoming hot and heavy and practically euphoric.
They both stood out there for a few minutes, until Castiel grew the courage to head back into the castle, towards the prayer circle.
“Cas, honestly, I can’t even look at you right now.” Dean snaps, causing Cas’ face to fall. Dean attempts to ignore the pain he feels seeing Cas so dejected. He bends down and picks up his tie and jacket, beginning to storm off towards the road to find a cab. He needs to get away, to deal with the betrayal and hurt he feels alone. However, he’s only gotten a couple of steps away before Cas calls out to him.
“Don’t mind them,” she said, “it is customary when Dean returns home that he goes and trains with his father. John likes to make sure his skills are still intact, such as his strength and stamina.”
Cas smiled gratefully. He then turned his back to Dean and dragged over his backpack, pulling out his homework.
He begins to run again, not wanting the monsters from before to catch up. He sees no other monsters in his near vicinity, but spots a camp of them in the distance. Worry pools in his stomach at the thought of having to face them. He barely survived the last ones… in fact, he has no idea
Mary got out her camera and took pictures of the two boys, both of them pulling the most unoriginal poses side by side. They then got a few pictures with Sam, the 4
“That is what confuses me.” Dean states. “Look you knew me once upon a time. Tell me. Why do I feel such an urge to do this? It’s like… deep inside of me. Why do I feel the need to fight… all for a prince I barely know. Why?”
He gives her one last forced smile before walking forward, keeping his gaze straight ahead so he doesn’t have to see the building in all it’s ferocity. As he nears the entrance door, he encases the amulet in his hand.
missed one of their weekly meetings. He’d wanted to contact Jody to ask if Claire was alright, but didn’t want to come off as creepy for caring about the teenager. So, to say he was relieved to see Claire there, would be an understatement.
The small shape looks like a face, but unrecognisable. Gently, he finds himself grazing his fingers over it. As soon as he does, the sound of another’s voice startles him.
on him. Dean’s shirt stretched across Cas’s torso, moulding to his surprisingly toned chest. Instead of his suit pants, he was now sitting snug in a pair of jeans that looked all too good on him. Dean could feel his throat tighten and the words that usually were so eager to be said, disappear from his mind. He was speechless. Cas sent Dean a confused look, perplexed as to why he wasn’t saying anything.
Missouri began to laugh softly. “Dean Winchester? Oh my, I haven’t seen that boy in years! Not since he was a loudmouth college student. How is he?”
His mind is drawn back to the man’s words, the way he chose to greet him. He wonders maybe if this is it, if he’s finally met his
“The prince... “ he watched as she looked away from the moment, staring out the open archway. Dean guessed that she was looking in the direction of the castle, once her home long ago. “The prince was my son… is my son. Castiel.”
They stood up together, giving each other one more fond glance, before heading out the door to celebrate the new year with their family and friends.
Without hesitating, Dean sliced the still cooling pie up into eight parts. He grabbed two plates from the cupboard and placed a slice of pie onto each. He then passed Cas a fork, shivering at the moment their two hands made contact. Cas accepted it and the two of them silently ate their food.
The question came out hesitant, almost as if it were a question within a question. Castiel almost drummed his fingers on the table as he contemplated his answer, but knew it would be impolite. He wondered what the correct answer was, should he lie? Should he tell the truth? He did not know which answer would be more acceptable. However, in the end, he decided that the truth would be best.
At around 9pm, the two boys separated. Cas wandered off to the bathroom while Dean went to grab himself some water. With a small smile on his face, he headed towards the kitchen—only to stop dead at the sound of his own name.
He decided that he wasn’t going to finish these assignments in his current state and called it a day. He left the unmarked papers on his desk and got up, grabbing his laptop bag.  Cas peaked open one eye, saw Dean was preparing to leave, and with a groan got up from the chair. Dean was quick to head out of the room, leaving the spirit behind him. However, he wasn’t surprised when he got out the door to find Cas already there, waiting for him in the hall.
They were quick to move everything upstairs and once the last box was set down, they all decided to go out for lunch. Dean sat in between Cas and Sam, the two older boys making jokes with Sam, trying to include him as much as possible. Dean was going to miss his little brother,
He didn’t act on it until his last week of freshman year. He’d gone to a party with his friends, a big frat party where there had to be at least 100 people. Throughout the night he’d lost most of his friends to the crowd, all except Aaron that was. Charlie, her girlfriend Gilda and Kevin had all disappeared and Cas hadn’t decided to tag along.
But that smile always told Cas that he was okay, that everything was going to be alright. And even then, with Dean being five hundred miles away, just the thought of that smile brought Cas to ease.
“We have pretty much learned all we can about the Nephilims,” he continued on, “and we have an extensive knowledge of the fortresses. At this point, we are well equipped for The Empty’s return.”
They go their separate ways at the gate, and Dean is thrilled to see that the woman in the aisle seat is now nowhere to be seen. His other ticket lists the connecting gate, so he uses the signs to lead him there. His connecting flight isn’t for an hour, but with the airport practically empty because of how late it is, Dean feels it’s best he waits there.
And for two years, he didn’t have a problem. He kept to his studies, caught up with Aaron even when they were no longer roommates. He remained an active member of the LGBT society. Yet, his sexuality remained a secret and he never felt the pressure to come out to anybody else. He continued to date girls, continued to have the occasional hook up, continued to flirt as per usual. He never was attached to anyone and while he found guys in passing attractive, it was never enough to pursue a full commitment. Usually just the occasional, secretive hook up. He didn’t even think that he would ever
However, on the other hand, Claire was worried about how angry Dean would be if or when he found out. Despite all the stories he told, Claire knew he didn’t like it when people invaded his privacy. He would be absolutely livid if he found out the Claire had just happened to be visiting his childhood home. God, he would think she was a
Cooking with Mary was fascinating and much more enjoyable then Claire would have thought. It was obvious that Mary was a mother, through her nurturing nature and the way she instructed Claire. She had never experienced anything like this before, considering most of her foster homes never gave her the chance. By the time she landed on Jody’s doorstep, she hadn’t even thought to try. It made her think about when she went home. She’d definitely try cook with Jody more.
” He replied. “Jess took me to the one in California during Spring Break one year and it was fun. Besides, Jack and Cas have never been there. You know Jack would
“I know my son’s job is to protect you, his duty is to you and the kingdom. I understand that he is brave and courageous. I am proud of him and all of his accomplishments. Yet, I fear for him, He lives so far away and every day, I can’t help but wonder if I will ever see him again. So I ask this of you: please protect him. Please keep him safe. Whatever you do, protect Dean at all costs.”
As he finished his story, Claire took another bite of her chocolate pie as she scribbled down another answer for her homework. She then looked up at Dean.
Claire signed asking if they had any address books or phone books from the past few years. The woman hummed and typed on the computer, her eyebrows furrowed.
Dean was restless, knowing that the next day he had to take an exam for a subject he was completely clueless about. 11pm, 12am and 1am ticked by, with Dean awake and staring at the ceiling. By the time 2am came around, Dean pulled himself out of bed.
“The reason that Castiel made sure you were resurrected was because you are the only one that can save us, Dean. You are the final champion and it is your duty, your prophecy, to defeat The Empty and help save the island. Castiel calls for you. You are the only one that can do it.”
While Dean is scared, downright terrified of what is expected of him, he suspects that she is right. He can’t shake this feeling, a deep feeling that he can’t seem to place, that this is what he needs to do. He
“Have you decided on what you’re going to do?” Sam ends up asking after awhile, picking up one of his cold fries and dipping it in some sauce.
They take a moment to rest before they set off and search for the village’s leader.  They ask for directions from a few of the citizens, who point them to a small house on top of a hill. It’s only a small hill, barely a climb and apparently, a Miss Elizabeth Latiffe. Charlie recognises the last name instantly.
Cas then stands, sending Dean a forced smile. “I’m afraid you’ll have to sleep out here tonight as my guest room is now Grace’s room. I’ll go grab some sheets. I apologise for the early night, I’m usually in bed by nine as Grace is an early riser.”
Inias and Amara exchange a look before the woman nods. Inias turns away and exits the room. Moments later, he returns with a large painting in his hands. He goes up to Dean and gently, he places it into his hands.
“As us fae would know,” she says, “magic can be fickle. It can also be overwhelming and sometimes the most powerful of spells can fix some of the most broken things, but also tear them apart at the same time.”
“Hey kiddo.” Dean said, walking over to Claire. The teenager popped her head up, obviously in mid-chew. She had a half-eaten gingerbread cookie on a plate and an empty mug of what appeared to be coffee.
“So.. uh…” Dean begins, causing the man’s attention to fall back on him. “You on the St. Louis flight too?”
Castiel felt parched, listening as his heart drummed rapidly in his chest. He had known about this prophecy for a while, he knew of the weight that rested on his shoulders. But for some reason, hearing it from the prophet’s mouth, made it all the more daunting.
“They miss you.” Sam told Dean and Dean clenched his fists in agitation. He only wanted to have a video chat with his brother, he didn’t need the long bullshit guilt trip that went along with it.
Dean takes the man’s hand in his, ignoring the jolt that floods through him as soon as they make contact. He’s already given up on the idea that the man in front of him is his soulmate, considering that Cas had no reaction to Dean’s words whatsoever. He supposes he’s not surprised, considering that Cas is most definitely out of his league. He’s like walking sex on legs, with a suit that looks like it cost far more than Dean’s rented one. There is no way that the universe decided to pair them as soulmates.
“This bag contains the letters which me and my team gave the thumbs up. That other bag is from the loonies — the stalkers, the weirdos — just a basket full of crazy. We didn’t exactly want a repeat of Trenton.”
He watched as Dean did his own sign name, which was the letter ‘D’ moved from the left of his chest to the right.
They stop for a break halfway through the trip in some fields on the outskirts of the Grasslands. Dean and Charlie sit amongst some flowers, rare ones according to Charlie. Apparently they are called the Silent Prince flowers, and while they are good for healing potions, they also apparently have an old tale to them.
Mary said she had been dropping Dean off when Castiel was carried in by his mother. Apparently what was first noticeable to her was Castiel’s eyes. He had always been told that he had peculiar eyes. as they had always been such a bright blue that sometimes they appeared to be glowing. But it wasn’t the blue hue of his eyes that Mary had noticed, rather it was the fact that they were brimming with big, salty tears. He was scared, frightened by the new place and his fear was what worried Mary. Castiel couldn’t blame his younger self, he wasn’t used to change then.
He peels out of the car park, driving like a maniac through side roads to make it through the university. He’s sure that he may have passed a speed camera or two on his way, but he doesn’t even care. The fine is worth it.
“Of course, Your Highness,” Castiel states, leaning in to give a swift kiss to Dean’s temple, “they await for
They turned to Castiel as he was the king and he had all the financial means to support the child. And without even discussing with Dean, he had chosen to welcome that child to his family.
He ponders the thought as he begins strolling down the path, the gravel road leading him through the trees, hopefully towards civilization. While the land around him is magnificent and the scenery is beautiful, he can’t help but note how… how
Charlie shrugs. “I like to think that it is what any loving creature would do. However, I guess no one can know what they would do unless they were put in that situation. Missouri has cared wonderfully for me, I am very thankful for her generosity and love. Yet, somedays, I can’t help but feel the weight of my curiosity. I never knew what happened to my parents and I know that the answers are out there somewhere. I have always wanted to travel and explore, to find out what went wrong.”
Cas quirked his lips in reply but didn’t say anything more. They were quiet and still for far too long before Cas broke the tension.
Cas looked over to the house he presumed the man lived in, where the Chevy was parked only slightly in front of the edge of the driveway. There was a SUV in the driveway and he could see from there that was more than enough room for it to reverse out. If he hadn’t already hated this guy for his ignorant and insensitive behaviour, he would’ve hated him then after seeing how ridiculous the entire confrontation was.
He’d always ask the moment Dean got home from college. He’d taken to going straight upstairs as soon as he stepped inside, just so that he could flee Sam’s taunts.
At first Dean is hesitant. He wonders if Bobby’s suspicions weren’t that the sword belongs to Dean, but rather Charlie or someone else entirely. However, with Bobby’s stare directed straight at him, Dean decides to do as he’s told.
The voicemail was a minute long and Castiel listened to every word of it, feeling as his throat ran dry, almost to the point that Cas found himself unable to breathe. When the voicemail ended, Castiel clicked on it, listening to it again, and again, and
It took Dean a moment to process, like Castiel when he heard Dean’s voice message. The man’s mouth opened and closed several times, strangled sounds barely escaping his lips. His eyes were wide and trained on Cas, a constant look of disbelief there.
All I could feel was fear and I just needed to get away from there. Once I began to wander though, I realised something.”
Claire narrowed her eyes at him but after some hesitation, took a bite of the brownie. As she chewed on it, she shrugged signing:
Their lunches continued the same for a few weeks following and as the term began to near its end, it was obvious to everyone that there were underlying feelings. Well, that’s at least what Charlie had told Dean. He didn’t realise how transparent they were being. It took him a while to work up the courage, even with the encouragement from his friends. Yet when finals began to rapidly approach and Cas was preparing to travel home for the Summer, Dean knew he’d have to make his move soon.
“I will take you in the morning. It sits on the lower plateau of the mountain, in clear sight of the castle. My men are useless, they won’t go near the thing, let alone lead you there. Stay the night in the inn and then meet me out front of the town at dawn. You better be prepared, it is quite a hike.”
“What would I call you, if not ‘Your Highness?;” He can’t help but ask, a little agitated by the prince’s demeanour. He drops the amulet for a moment, giving himself time to survey the rest of the house. There isn’t anything sentimental there, just things that he supposed once belonged to his parents. He takes one look at the painting, promising to return for it, before he walks away.
At first, the kissing is tentative. Dean is still second guessing his decision, too caught up in the attraction to wonder if it’s really a good idea to lose the start of a friendship this good over a one night stand. But then, as Cas leans further into him and their groins rub together, all logical thoughts fly out the window.
They have their bags packed and their pockets full of coins when they leave the village. He knows how worried Missouri is as she watches them leave, knowing that her adoptive daughter is going to be facing some of the most dangerous situations. Dean knows he isn’t nearly as much of a fighter as he was a hundred years ago, but he also knows that there is no way that he’s letting anything bad happen to Charlie.
“Your best bet of solving this for both Cas and I is to find someone who can pierce through the veil.” Kevin said quickly.
Over the next month he attended the meetings with Aaron, meeting all the different people who he would never have interacted with. From Charlie, a literature major to Kevin, a pre-med student. He began hanging out with them in his free time, with Cas sometimes tagging along too. Dean felt like Cas only did it because he wanted to observe who Dean was now spending all his time with. Yet he seemed to like them as well, judging from the small smiles and laughs he cracked every now and then during some conversations. Dean knew at the time that if his friends were able to meet Cas, they’d like him too.
“Yes… uh…” Dean coughs, trying to clear away the memory that is all too vivid in his mind, “I… I remember her… Anna.”
He saw Claire take a sip and saw how the tension in her shoulders began to decrease. After she took a few more sips, Dean decided to speak up again.
Charlie sighs, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I know, Dean, this doesn’t sound like a fun situation you’ve found yourself in. But think about it, you’ve just told me you want to be there for them, for Cas and your daughter. And that doesn’t mean you have to marry the guy, it means co-parenting, both of you being the parents that your child deserves. And as for your career? I’m sure you’ll be able to find a similar job, even in a small Kansas town. I don’t think that’s the issue. The issue is that obligation, what we talked about earlier. You feel pressure to keep living that childhood dream. I hate to break it to you Dean, but it doesn’t exactly sound like it’s a dream anymore.”
He continued to work through his study questions, a small smile on his face. He reflected on Cas’ words, the encouragement that his friend had given him. Cas wasn’t usually the type to do that, so the way he’d been there for Dean in that moment really had touched him. He remembered just thinking
As soon as the system re-establishes itself and the sirens stop ringing, he is greeted by a familiar voice.
“I see that you are wearing your father’s amulet,” Missouri said, pointing to the object that hung around his neck. “I remember that being also a gift from his father?”
Standing behind Michael’s leg, peeking out shyly was a boy around Dean’s age. He was a small boy, a couple inches shorter than Dean himself. He had floppy dark hair and pale olive skin. He stared back at Dean with wide eyes. Wide, pale blue eyes.
He cooked up a small broth, one that always made Cas mad. Apparently spirits had a sense of smell and
“Sorry, man. I didn’t want to interrupt your sleep or anything,” He says, raising his arms in defence. “I swear, but you looked like you were having a nightmare.”
Despite the looming situation, Dean never felt happier with Cas by his side. It was a constant reminder that despite everything, some things do work out.
“Yes,” he agreed instantly. To share a bed with Dean, even in a platonic way, was an opportunity that Castiel could not refute.
“Um… I was hoping to let you sleep a little more, but I have no idea what to give her for breakfast.” He says. Cas holds his arms out and Dean reluctantly places Grace into them.
She stares at him for a moment and Dean worries that she won’t let him up. However, she must see the look of desperation in his eyes because after awhile, she sighs.
However, he decided that before he made any hasty decisions, that he would try again some other time. That instead he would focus on moving in and settling in to his new humble abode and on another day, he would attempt another introduction.
“Forgive me, Your Highness, I know I am being disrespectful. But what has been said here, I will not speak to another soul, not even to my own husband. I just ask you, Castiel, for one favour. I have one request, one that I hope you will be able to accept.”
He left at quarter to six and returned with his order thirty minutes later. He parked in his usual spot, which for the last eight months was now
Pam gives a slight shake of her head and holds her hands up. “Dean, I’m not in charge of you, okay? Well… I guess I kind of am, but not with this. If you want to read those, it’s your choice. I just don’t know if you’ll like what you’re gonna read... and whether you may be a bit too trusting.”
Dean almost melts at Cas’ endearment for him, before stopping and remembering what he has to do. Realising it’ll be easier to say without Cas looking at him, he blurts it out.
He wonders why he didn’t see it earlier, as now he can see it clear as day. It’s a large grey building, several stories high, void of windows. Red lights flash all around it, warning everyone of danger. From where he is, he can’t see much of it, just the basics but it is already enough to make him want to turn back. Compared to the warmth of the houses in Vale Village, the building above is cold and uninviting. He believes that it is meant to be that way, to terrify anyone from stepping foot inside of it.
“No worries at all. I completely understand.” The man laughed rising from his crouch. “Michael Shurley.”
Now instead of looking shocked, Claire just looked curious. She had that spark in her eye, that small sign that she knew something more was going on. Dean attempted to ignore it but Claire was stubborn. She leant forward, narrowing her eyes at him.
It’s their usual Saturday morning, the two of them lounging together in the living room. They’ve been living together for three months in the apartment Cas has leased for about a year. However, Dean has practically been living there since their first month of dating. Dean’s on one couch typing up the end of semester reports that are due to go out in a couple of weeks, while Cas is going over his finances (like the biggest nerd he is). They have some quiet music playing in the background and the smell of their coffees lingering in the air. It’s honestly one of those blissful mornings that Dean wishes could last forever.
Dean reached out to grab his hand, gently leading him into the room and closing the door behind him. Once they were alone, Dean turned to look at him.
” She growled. Dean continued laughing. He realised that Anna thought he was as straight as a ruler and the bantering between himself and Castiel was just Dean being friendly. He always assumed she had some indication or that Charlie had accidentally slipped it out in conversation. So, Anna’s obliviousness was hilarious to Dean.
Claire wondered if there were any address books, any she could find pointing to where Michael Shurley lived. Any references there that could help her find them. So with a little more hope than what she had been feeling before, she walked straight into the building. Not having a membership card, Claire decided against going and attempting to scan for the books herself. Instead, she went straight up to the counter.
As he watched them head over to Michael’s car, realisation dawned over Dean. They were going on their annual camping trip, the one they went on at the end of June every year. Dean had been invited the past two years and he’d assumed he was going to go again this year. Instead, Cas had obviously invited Balthazar.
the same. And while he knew this was a tradition they weren’t going to be able to keep forever, especially once they grew up and created their own families and got absorbed into new lives, he still couldn’t help but let the guilt eat him alive, knowing that he let down his friends.
“Because Cassie has a stupid crush on Winchester.” Tom Azazel said with a laugh. “She knew that his ass wouldn’t have come if she didn’t invite the loser as well.”
“I’ll have to leave early in the morning,” Cas says as they walk, “I would love to spend tomorrow with you, but I have a lecture at nine.”
The champions wrote to him once a week, updating the royal family on their progress. Hester’s letters were short and abrupt and Benny’s were much the same, however with a little more heart. Anna’s were generally lengthier and always finished with a sentence in which she sent her regards to Dean. Meg’s on the other hand, were more letters to Castiel than letters about her duties. Not that Castiel was worried, Meg was more than familiar with the Hell fortress. He did not need her to update him on that. Rather, he enjoyed the reprieve her letters provided.
“He met Kate when Sam was two, but it was only a one night stand. Kate lost her own soulmate during college and she had never even thought about finding someone new and creating a family, so finding out she was pregnant with Adam scared her. She didn’t tell Dad until Adam was a year old. They co-parented long distance for a while, with Dad constantly going to Minnesota to see him. It took them almost a year to begin dating, which was when we all moved back to Lawrence. It was hard at first, ‘cause I was a very angry kid. I still have a rocky relationship with my dad. But Kate’s the best and so is Adam, and I’m pretty freaking glad that they made things work.”
At first Cas freezes and Dean almost breaks the kiss, realising that he probably should have gotten the man’s consent first. Yet before he can lean back, Cas pulls him in closer, shoving their lips tighter together. Dean practically melts into the kiss, knowing that if Cas’ arms weren’t around his, he’d be falling to the floor right about now. Cas leans forward to brace his hands against the wall, effectively trapping Dean there while Dean moves his arms up from his sides and around Cas’ neck, holding himself against him.
Cas waited a moment, knocked again and continued to wait. After a couple of minutes, he realised that no one was coming. The man inside
Over the weekend, Cas attempted to come over but every time, Dean refused to see him. Mary tried to get him to let Cas in, but Dean being as stubborn as he was, declined each time. He was furious at Castiel, more so than he had ever been before. He knew it was something immature to get upset about, the fact his best friend didn’t hang out with him for one night. But to Dean, it was the principle of the situation. Cas hadn’t even bothered to send a message and let Dean know he wasn’t going to make it. The two had rarely seen each other and Dean had looked forward to that night more than ever. And Cas had just bailed without even a sorry.
“The prophecy told us of these events and so we prepared. Yet, The Empty was far more cunning than we expected and the destruction that he caused was devastating. Grace Island has never been able to return to what it once was, with The Empty still within the castle walls and the liege of champions either dead or incapacitated. To this day, there are very few of us who lived the events of a hundred years ago. Not enough of us to tell the tale.”
Drives were Dean’s comfort and Cas knew this. Dean would always drive when he felt stressed or sad, anxious or scared, even when he felt his happiest. Dean had grown up in his dad’s car, driving all over the place. In a way, it was the only home Dean had known until they settled back in Lawrence. Sometimes when he would go for his drives, Cas would go with him, sitting beside him in the passenger seat. Dean never liked to talk on these trips, instead he would blast some
He eventually hissed, causing an alarmed look from a passing bystander. Dean just flashed them a sheepish smile as they scurried on.
“There was an interference… like trying to call someone in a place of bad reception. It seemed as if there was something… or someone… blocking our communication. I could barely hear him, but what I did get out of him was that someone placed him there. Someone that goes by, or is connected to the
He works the lunch shift again, fairly quiet for the most part as it’s a Tuesday. He spends 90% of his shift pondering every scenario of what might happen that afternoon, every little word they could both possibly say and every single outcome that may or may not happen. He’s snapped out of his thoughts forty-five minutes before his shift ends, when a large party coming in causes an influx of orders to hit the kitchen. His mind is blank from that moment on as he cooks meal after meal, pushing plate after plate into the server’s window. He doesn’t even realise the time until his boss, the Roadhouse’s owner, Ellen comes up to him with a frown on his face.
The next few moments are hazy in Dean’s mind. All he can remember is the heat, the warmth, the feeling in his gut that continues to build and build and build. He’s panting hard, their kissing interspersed with soft moans of pure delight. At one point, Dean can’t help but break the kiss to lean his head back and gasp on a choked breath as Cas pulls their bodies tighter, his dick almost fully swollen from the touch. He aches in his pants, but doesn’t bother paying too much attention to it, not when Cas’ lips and tongue are
Or, maybe, probably, he’s got better things to do now he’s got his mojo back. It’s fine. He’ll have forgotten all about Dean now that he’s back in heaven looking after his son, the new God. Dean was just a blip in the radar during in his infinite lifespan. Probably already forgotten.
Albeit by a somewhat unusual method, Dean feels like some normality has returned to his life. He can speak to his angel, (his? That’s a new one he’ll need to think about) regularly, he’s with Sammy, he’s getting to know his nephew. It’s all good.
‘Why did you not fight to live? Out of all the options in all the death’s books, and you chose that one?’
Claire heard the unspoken fear of his unworthiness. She came round and laid her head on his shoulder. ‘You’re a great dad. He is too. You’re just different, neither is better.’
Dean’s mouth is agape. He has no idea what’s happening, he’s powerless, completely unable to fight her. He’s getting an odd sense of deja vu.
Sam strides over and stands between them, ‘Not now guys, you can pummel each other as much as you like when Cas gets back. We need to fix this now.’
‘But of course Madame,’ he does a twirly bow. He gets a snicker from Ben and Jack and raised eyebrows from Cas. Sam crosses his arms.
‘I do. But you also have my car and if I’m staying a few days I could do with some wheels so I don’t have to bug Cas all the time.’
By the time she was ready for school, Cas had managed to shower and attempted to start tidying up the detritus from the night before. Dean was still barely functioning.
He closes his eyes again. He narrates everything he sees to his brother. It’s kind of like watching a film in his head, there don’t seem to be any bits where they deal with functional practicalities. Dean just sees action.
They sit in a companionable silence for a while, watching the TV. Dean reaches out to hold Cas’ hand. Eventually Cas drops his head onto Dean’s shoulder. Soon he feels him fall asleep. Dean settles down, smiling to himself as he also dozes off, thinking about just how lucky he is.
Dean took that as approval. He nodded behind her, ‘He’s got a helmet for you. And he can take your bags.’ Cas had pulled in behind Dean in his usual SUV. She glared at him. He shrugged his shoulders in a way that said ‘you know what he’s like’.
When the song finished the group of teenagers went wild. After signing autographs for most of the room Dean and Sam fought their way outside. Sam caught Cas’ eye and motioned that they would head back to his. Cas nodded almost imperceptibly.
‘All good. Plus Ben’s here and you’re here, all my favourite people in the same room. Except for Jack. We need him here too. It’s been years.’
He started thinking about Cas again. He really hoped he would come and visit LA, the city was so soulless he needed some company for the few weeks he was likely to be stuck there. Charlie was away on a business trip of her own. Benny was working all the time and had barely a free five minutes. Everyone else he knew there was an acquaintance at best. Except for Lisa. And Ben. Ben would love Cas. He should definitely introduce them if he came for a visit. Maybe take them to the zoo. They would both love that.
‘Yep, probably next month, all being well. Dean is doing an interview next week and it’s going to be one of the questions.’
We see good friends and nothing more. It’s like a punch to the gut. At least he knows where he stands.
‘Claire, what the hell? You said your dad did stuff in the music industry, we thought it was boring paperwork stuff!’
‘Huh, I wasn’t embarrassing at the weekend when I got you and your friends VIP tickets to my concert was I? They thought I was, and I quote, seriously cool.’ He looked over the top of his sunglasses at her wiggling his eyebrows, he got an eye roll in return.
Cas drags on sweatpants and a hoody and heads downstairs, drawn by the smell of coffee and clattering pans.
‘Well, we’re both adopted if you didn’t already know.’ Ellen nodded, Dean looked up, intrigued. ‘I was abandoned by my mother, she didn’t know how or didn’t want to look after me. I don’t remember my father at all.’ He glances at his sister, who has a sad smile on her face, ‘Eileen’s parents died.
‘You’re Eileen’s brother? I’ve heard so much about you.’ She comes forward and grasps him into a hug. Cas is barely awake enough to respond so lightly taps her back.
He hung up and turned round to head over to the drinks cabinet. He was greeted with a glass already poured from Sam. He eyed Sam carefully before downing it and pouring another.
Sam takes his seat next to Eileen once again. Castiel sits down next to Dean. His arm brushes against Dean, he doesn’t seem bothered by the fact they are sitting much closer together than people who have just met usually do. Dean can feel his heart beating 1000 times per minute. His palms are sweaty, oh god he felt those sweaty palms. He steals a glance to his side, sees Castiel ordering a drink from the waitress, his serious expression in tact. Dean’s turn is next, he tries for casual and places his order with a wink and a smirk at the waitress. He’s thrown by Castiel’s presence, but trying to keep up his bravado.
Cas stood up. As he turned around he saw Rowena and Balthasar looking at him. He didn’t know when they had come up to the stage. He didn’t care.
‘Damn right! He murmured into her hair. ‘You know we’ll always love you, no matter who you turn out to be? No matter what happens ...’ he trailed off.
Dean buried his head back in the pillow. It was going to be a long week. He needed to speak to Cas, it was imperative. He grabbed some pyjamas and pulled them up as he ran to the door and pounded down the stairs. He saw Jack’s backpack in front of the house out of the window. He got to the door just as they pulled away. Cas expression stoic as he looked ahead, not once glancing back at the house.
Sam took it better than Dean. Asked more about the technicalities of the deal, his legal training showing through from all those years ago. He looked at the problem rationally. Thought about how the situation could be useful to them.
Dean wiggles his eyebrows, ‘The same as the good, you’ll never get rid of us now.’ His face cracks into a grin. He pushes down the feeling that he should run away. Castiel can’t help his own smile forming on his lips in reply.
‘Most people aren’t too pleased when they read untrue articles about themselves in the press for the first time.’
With a nod towards John, Cas continues out of the room, only stopping briefly to call, ‘Dean? A word please.’
‘Ha,’ Dean reached for his glass of scotch, ‘Maybe that’s why I don’t like it as much. And no one else does either.’
He sat for a while staring out into the distance. He didn’t hear Sam call his name when he came down for a glass of water at midnight. Seeing the tears streaming down his face, Sam decided not to disturb him.
Twenty minutes later Dean swung into the driveway. He looked terrible. He swiped his hand over his face, it did nothing for the black circles and red rimmed eyes.
‘But, I don’t… every time I thought that maybe… I was wrong. What if I’m wrong again. Misinterpreting.’
‘Dude, you’re going to be playing his son, it’s Cas. And no handshakes. Give him high five?’ Cas solemnly holds out his hand for Ben to hit it. And just like that, Ben is sold.
Dean rounds on him, furious ‘Why didn’t you tell us this before? Cas, you know we can’t keep making deals. It always ends up with one of us dead. Cas, I can’t lose you again...’ he swipes his hand across his face.
As the Impala pulls into the garage, another car has recently arrived, the occupants stood chatting with their trunk lid up, blocking them from view.
Ben pops in every few days as he’s still in town. Has rented himself a place about a 20minute drive away. Is working on a few projects but taking some down time.
The next few weeks are hell at work. Things get quickly out of hand. His supposed new partner Crowley is out to make himself look good and that’s his only goal. If he makes Cas look bad in the process, so be it. A totally, Cas thinks that’s a plus in Crowley’s book.
‘That’s supposed to be helpful, Cas?’ Dean turned green as he looked back at Cas as they put headphones over their ears. Dean is looking (despite the pallor) classically gorgeous, with aviators and a plain white T-shirt.
Jack arrives to answer their questions. ‘Dean is fine.’ There was a collective sigh of relief, ‘He’s back home, healed.’
‘Yeah, just these guys don’t believe me.’ She turned the phone so they could all see Cas, who waved.
‘Damn straight.’ Dean whips round and glares at Cas. ‘What? Decided I’m not good enough for you now that you’ve upgraded in heaven? Yeah I get it Cas. You’ve left us far behind. You go off with the new Dean and save the world, I’m done here, this piece has been taken off the board.’ He spins back round, arms folded, shoulders hunched.
Dean looked at Cas, confusion evident in his features. ‘Well maybe some maternal instinct had finally kicked in. It only took ten years! It worked for me, really boosted that album and tour.’
‘Uh, no, he was thinking about it but we just thought it made more sense to stay with us. We all used to live together, long story. Claire’s mother isn’t on the scene. I was guardian for my nephew. It was practical to share resources I suppose!’ Cas let out a laugh.
Apparently feeding people huge quantities of food was a family trait, as Dean served up more breakfast than Cas had ever seen before. It seemed that it was a tradition to let him take over the kitchen as Ellen and Bobby made no attempt to try and cook when they arrived, drawn by the bacon aroma, just sat back with the others.
Dean stomped around for a few minutes, stopping to pour himself a glass of whiskey. ‘I need to know if he’s going to bringing new people into Claire’s life.’
Sam turns to the table, ‘Dean, I would like you to meet Castiel, the friend I’ve been telling you about.’
Dean nods, unsure of how to respond. Cas never seemed to relish the idea of a celebrity lifestyle. He is an artist and enjoys performing. He doesn’t want the baggage that comes with it.
He had spent his whole life fighting. This time, he decided to do something for himself. He was heartsick.
Dean didn’t want to start fighting again, but he couldn’t help himself. He put his glass down on the table with more of a bang than he had intended.
He turned to see Sam and Eileen at the door watching closely. Jimmy walked over to hug Sam as well and Dean heard him thank him as well, before Sam introduced Eileen.
Later that evening Cas, predictably, drops Claire at the twins’ with her overnight bag. He leaves his car at home and gets a taxi to Rowena’s.
He pointed to the door. ‘There, that’s where Claire took her first steps into your arms while I took a video. Over here is where I fell over drunk and dislocated my shoulder and you popped it back in before taking me to hospital. My whole life is you, and you’re not here.’
‘No? But we’ve got a sword of Damocles, just waiting for something to accidentally make you too happy. Like a particularly special hive of bees, or some of those flowers you like so much.’
He sighs. ‘But I’m back to looking normal and I’m heading to LA, so this will be the last time for a while.’
He resolved to try that in the morning. He hears footsteps in the hall. A pause outside his door before they continue. So his mom has been to play peacemaker with Cas then.
Cas let out another sigh. ‘I don’t really know what I’m doing any more. I always seem to mess things up.’
Balthasar was leafing through the music on the piano, ‘Boring, boring, boring, what else have you got Cassie?’
Eventually Dean stops griping and goes to the gym with Donna, but Cas is on strict instructions to stay so they can have breakfast when he’s back. He’s tasked with ordering.
Sam gave Cas a big bear hug. Cas awkwardly put his arms round the giant man. ‘Forever grateful, man.’
‘I asked Crowley to let me have a few moments today to speak to you all. I want to dedicate this performance to my father. Many of you will have met him this evening. Dean Winchester is my hero. He does not think he is, which makes him more of one in my eyes. He has forsaken his own career for the benefit of mine, travelled around the globe for me, supported me endlessly. Without him I would not be the man I am today.’
‘We would like to dedicate this next song to my daughter.’ A gasp of surprise, Claire could hear the muttering, a daughter? Since when? ‘She’s all grown up now and she’s here tonight. Although, I’m not kidding myself that her friends came to see me and my brother,’ he pauses to playfully punch the taller man holding the guitar, ‘we all know that Jack was the draw!’ The crowd laughs along. ‘I wanted to sing something just for her, now. It’s a song I used to sing to her as a lullaby when she was a little girl.’
By the time Dean has eaten all, yes all, the remaining leftovers, the ice has melted from his face and hair leaving him looking a little like a drowned rat.
‘I got rid of that thing I had here, I never liked it, much prefer the bike I have at yours, and I didn’t use it much... ‘ he trailed off, Claire smirked at him having proven her point, walking into the kitchen leaving him spluttering.
His plans to visit are forced on hold later that week when he gets a call at work from the chair of the board. Naomi calls him into her office.
Dean lay back on the pillow as they left the room, covering his eyes with his hands. What is he going to do? He can’t shake the look on Ben’s face when he saw his parents together again.
By the time Dead Men Walking came on, Balthasar and Rowena were well on their way to tipsy and were ogling the band on the stage.
As the set nears to an end, the group are hot and sweaty from endless dancing and singing along. The lead singer steps to the front of the stage, his band mate on the guitar closely following. The rest of the band melt into the background. A single spotlight focusses. The sound of the crowd dies down.
Dean reached over and took Cas’ hand. With the other hand he tilted up Cas’ chin so their eyes met. Dean took a long look at Cas then closed his eyes.
As they roared off, Cas turned back to Mrs Harvelle. ‘I’m not sure what you’re insinuating. That is Claire’s biological father. I assure you there is nothing inappropriate here, aside from his attire and need to turn up at a school in various loud forms of transportation.’
‘It’s part of the wider reforms that Jack and I introduced. Everyone can see their loved ones as they choose to remember  them best. So you might see Sam as you last saw him, but his son, when he gets here, will see him as an older man, the father he remembers. I just manipulated that slightly.’
They played stomping rock covers for an hour, until the prom was nearly at an end. ‘For our final song, we would like to debut something new.’
‘I don’t want to cramp your life. I know I’ve held you back before. This is better for you and Claire.’
‘No, I don’t want to remember.’ Dean looked down, embarrassed, he couldn’t say it. He wanted to, he didn’t know how. He frowned and looked up, ‘Have you any idea what my life is like? I don’t want to go back to that. There’s nothing left for me.’
A few miles later he takes a left turn into some trees and shortly a house comes into a view behind the trees. The snow is barely falling now, leaving a picture perfect scene.
Benny looks at him for a few seconds, clearly making a decision before he answers. ‘I knew Cas was your best friend, I know he’s Claire’s dad, I even knew he was in love with you.’ Dean tries to respond but Benny holds his hand out to stop him, ‘He is Dean. Even you can’t be so blind as to not know.’ He takes a sip of his drink. ‘Have you always been in love with him too?’
Dean held his arm, pulled him into a hug, ‘Thank you for wanting to. But I think this is what he came for.’
Cas watched flummoxed as Dean attempted to leave the room. When he started struggling with the stairs he rushed after Dean.
The house the production company had rented for them was unexpected. It was set back from a beautiful lake, with well manicured lawn, decking to enjoy the sunset and every appliance known to man inside. Ben settled in fast. Dean was impressed.
‘No, now if you please. Look there’s a giant piano there just waiting to be used.’ Rowena looked at him through her eyelashes with a sly smile.
He stopped and looked outside distracted, before looking back at her, ‘But now, I think he feels like he’s getting to be a bigger part of your life.’ A beam spread across his face.
‘If you’re sure,’ is her cryptic reply. They dance along to the remainder of the set before the show switches to a different band.
‘Oh,’ Dean wasn’t sure what to do next. He looked at his feet, toes nudging tight step. What is he, a teenage girl? Come on msn! ‘Want to hang with me then? If you haven’t got abetting on?’What are you doing Dean, he won’t want to hang with you. Just leave now before you embarrass yourself. ‘Or I can chat to Jack.’ Wires, you’ve made it worse.
Jack doesn’t take the proffered hand, instead keeping his hand held upright he walks closer, ‘Would you like to high five?’
His nephew pulled himself from his father, looked round, fearful but grateful to stay on topic. ‘No. But Katy was unconscious, she didn’t see anyone. But we’ve been keeping tabs on him. I don’t think it was him.’
‘I thought it best to give you some space, Dean. To make sure you wanted to see me. I received a few prayers after you met Jimmy. Apparently your friends thought it upset you. Suggested I visit.’
Dean woke up the next day in an unfamiliar bed. Light streamed through cracks in the curtain. It hurt his head. He tried to work out where he was and how he had got here.
He gets to the cab and gets in, leaving before Dean can reach them. Dean’s wrecked face staring at him through the window.
‘Well we wouldn’t want that would we now.’ They both turned to see Cas had joined them, stretching out his neck.
‘Jody.’ She finally gets out. She doesn’t manage any more words, but gives Dean some serious eyebrows behind Cas’ back. Dean just shrugs and points at Sam, shifting the blame.
‘Dad, look, shall we just head back and we can work out what’s going on, how to sort this out. We’ll do some research. And try and explain some stuff that’s happened since, uh, you’ve been gone.’
Cas thought back to Dean’s words from the night before. He knew that what Dean had said was not what he meant. He was well versed in understanding Dean’s way of thinking. He liked the fact that he could rely on Cas to always be there, to be his family, to love him. Sam and Dean hadn’t ever really got that from their family growing up. Dean deserved to know that he was loved and Cas was happy to be the one to tell him. But he was under no illusion that Dean meant anything more.
Dean gets pulled into a few photos with his son in the red carpet, but mostly he hangs back. He’s standing watching the other stars make their way down the carpet when he spots a familiar face. He lifts his hand to wave to Gabriel when he notices the man standing beside him. His skin is noticeably tanned, his hair styled shorter, but the striking azure blue eyes, crinkled at the edges are unmistakable. They lock onto Dean’s and the stare doesn’t waver.
Dean sprang up like he’d been shot. He looked blearily and angrily around. Claire gave him her sweetest smile. ‘Shall I drive myself to school today Dad?’
She turns round, a little apprehensive. ‘Uh, guys, this is my sort of brother, Jack Kline, my uncle, Sam, and my dad, Dean Winchester.’
Dean’s mouth is opening and closing like a fish. He can’t speak. His palms are sweaty. His heart is racing.
They sat in silence for a while, nursing their coffee and headaches, before a loud rap at the door startled them both.
‘Dude, I haven’t seen you this miserable in a long time. Come on, hug it out.’ She pulls him in, even though he’s almost a foot taller, and hugs him tight. She’s right, it is what he needs.
When Dean returns to LA Cas expects to hear from him that he’s in negotiations to get out of his contracts. But for some reason he goes quiet.
‘You guys go on, grandmas. I’ll stay with Gabe here.’ Dean looked round the table and realised Gabriel was the only one left, but that he had a girl in his lap.
‘We don’t keep Cas around just for healing powers though. Cas is family.’ Dean is firm and soft all at once. He can feel John’s gaze on him.
‘Their actions wouldn’t damage our friendship Cas. It wasn’t your doing.’ Dean breathed. His voice was softer too.
The next morning Cas and Claire were packed ready to go by the time the others came down for breakfast.
Everyone eventually headed off to bed. Cas had gone to his room some time before, he has been silent through most of the evening and took an early opportunity to leave.
‘Come home?’ Dean doesn’t know how to respond. This is how she always got him to agree to stuff. There was always a catch.
He spends the whole of the next day stressing about an outfit. Decides on black jeans and a white shirt. Not too formal not too casual.
‘You weren’t sure about this next one either. I can see why, the flow is a little bumpy.’ Cas made some suggestions for tweaks. He went through all 17 songs. He was spot on for each one.
‘He’s, was, a writer. Terrible stuff. But quite successful. Apparently his written all my siblings out of the Will. Decided that they are all useless. That despite being ‘defective’ I was the only one who had any professional success. So, because I don’t need the money, I’m the one who gets it’
Her English teacher came up to her. ‘Hello Claire. A quick word please?’ She liked English, was good at it. She wracked her brain as to what could be wrong.
Benny finishes his drink. ‘No, I think I’ll stick with the sofa.’ Dean looks at him confused, ‘What, man? I thought ...’
‘Dean, please will you remove your socks from the kitchen side.’ Dean rolls his eyes as he complies.
Sam and Dean exchange a look. John laughs, ‘It’s ok boys, so long as it wasn’t wasted. Tell me I at least took yellow eyes down with me?’
They spend some time chilling at the hotel spa (it’s manly ok, Dean said so. Cas wasn’t so sure, but didn’t care) and tried their hand at golf. Both concluded it was a bit dull. They agreed to spend their retirement learning how to golf together when they were old and less capable.
Ben had first gone to drama classes as a small child in her parents’ attempt to find a way to burn off some excess energy. It turns out he was something of a prodigy. First starring in the drama school’s performances, then local theatre, then a stint in the west end, small parts on TV.
‘Hiding it, ignoring my true feelings has become second nature. I’ve got so good at pretending I wasn’t sure for a long time if I could feel.’
Benny is gone in the morning when Dean heads downstairs. Cas is in the kitchen brewing coffee. He passes Dean a mug wordlessly.
By the time he was home it had poured with rain. He was soaked. The battery on his phone had died. Sam was waiting at the door beside himself with worry.
He could feel time slipping away from him. He had lived for millions of years, but it had never felt like this before. He knew he couldn’t have what he wanted. He knew if he did that he would everything lose everything he had now.
Dean Jr looked down at his hands, took a deep breath, then looked his uncle in the eye. ‘1972.’ Dean stared back at him.
Soon after, Claire sees the rest of the band packing up to head off. She takes it as their cue to go as well. She rounds up her friends. She waves goodbye to the band, promising them not to stay away for so long, gives long hugs to Sam and Jack, checking they’re still ok for brunch tomorrow. She steps in front of Dean. He hunches his shoulders, she knows that look.
She looked at him, scandalised. ‘You realise you’re supposed to deter me from drinking, not encourage it?!’
‘No. But she’s got someone very caring who loves her like his own daughter. A good friend of mine. My best friend in fact.’
‘Now that’s what I’m talking about Cas.’ The windows are down, cool air blowing in their faces. Dean seems at ease, carefree on the open road. Cas is enjoying watching him, his hands gripping the steering wheel tightly, wide grin on his face.
Cas looks up behind Meg to see Dean sauntering over nonchalantly with two glasses of pale white wine in his hand.
It may have taken them half a lifetime, but they made the most of the rest of their lifetime together. They both walked Claire down the aisle at her wedding. Became doting grandfathers to her children and Jack’s adopted son with his partner. They made it to stage where they were only playing the occasional greatest hits gig. Cas sometimes wrote professionally for others, but he and Dean were constantly writing and singing for one another at home.
He was going to miss Cas. But he was an idiot. The man had his own life. They were friends. They would keep in touch.
They sit in silence for a while. Eventually, Dean yawns and decides to head to bed. He turns to Benny, ‘Coming?’
With a rueful glance and a quick hug, Sam headed off to grab his bag. Dean came to hug Claire goodbye, ‘No rest for the wicked?’ ‘You loved it! I’m the coolest dad in your school.’ ‘Shhhhh, Cas will hear!’ She stage whispered, giggling.
Then a great cheer rose up and they were mobbed. The bar was deceptively sized. Inside were all their friends and family, but also every single person they had ever saved personally. There were hundreds of people. All waiting for the Winchester brothers.
The restaurant was Cas’ choice. A little fancier than Dean’s usual selection. But it was nice. A bit quirky so he didn’t feel the need to stand on ceremony too much. That was good. He relaxed a bit as the evening wore on and he had a couple of beers.
‘She did. She’s a wonderful lady. Still fosters now. Lost her own son and husband young. Chose to give her love to others in need instead. So selfless.’
‘Of course, would The Macallan M suit you?’ Dean gives a cursory nod, turning his attention back to Castiel.
‘What have I done this time? Huh? Am I not allowed to make any decisions before consulting you, just in case you get offended?’
Dean splutters his drink. Sam’s eyebrows raise. ‘Lisa? She still around? Haven’t heard you mention her in months.’
Cas and Dean found a house in the country, not too far from the bunker, but they didn’t go back often. Cas raised bees and chickens. Dean had the house itself as his project, taking it from a run down dump to a state of the art, custom built master piece. They were thinking of buying another place soon for him to do the same. Apparently people make good money from property, but Dean enjoys the work, watching things change, knowing it is his creation. Cas enjoys watching Dean.
‘Dean. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I was worried it will affect our friendship. That you would see me differently. That you would misinterpret my actions.’ Cas risked a glance at Dean, really this was his biggest fear. He couldn’t see his face, gauge the reaction. This was the reason. The reason he had never said anything. Fear. He had still lost Dean for a while anyway.
Castiel was, what? His friend. He was excited, yes. Nervous a little. Those were normal feelings going out for dinner. With a new friend.
It turns out Dean’s ankle is broken. He’s in a cast for several weeks. He finds it the most frustrating experience. The silver lining is, however, that Cas cancelled a planned trip and fusses over him like a (stern) mother hen.
Sam and Eileen come back from their evening stroll shortly afterwards, flushed red cheeks glowing more than usual. Eileen holds out her hand to Cas.
The boys had gone to bed and Cas was brewing an herbal tea for himself. Dean sat down at the island. He poured a glass of whiskey, offering Cas some. Cas declined.
‘I’ll be right there.’ What the hell? He knows nothing happened last night, did it? He’s sure he left Lisa downstairs. She knew where her room is. Why did she come into his room?
He looked at his phone for a few moments after hanging up. It wasn’t proof but he thinks Becky is right.
As the business took off she set up branches around the country. She travelled to each regularly. He didn’t admit it to anyone, not even himself for a long time, but life became easier when she wasn’t there.
‘You do? I felt like a teenager bringing a girl home, wanting him to like you. Like a 20 something in my first home showing him our home. I didn’t feel like a grown man who’s fought angels and demons abs everything in between and won. I wanted his approval. But I realise now, I don’t care if I got it.’
‘Thank you everyone for letting me take a step back tonight, so you could see the real master at work.’
Dean doesn’t cope well being constrained by his ankle. Surprise surprise. He’s grumpy and surly and bitchy to everyone. But most of all to Cas.
He sat at the table and texted Claire. Then he fidgeted with his napkin. He should just go. The waiter arrived with a menu and some water and his companion for the evening. Too late.
Cas closes his mouth in a firm line, getting up from his chair in Chuck’s office. ‘Well, I better get started on this project. I’ll leave you to it.’
‘Sure buddy, it’s fine.’ Dean claps him on the shoulder, watching the awkward high five with a smirk.
Cas remembers the day like it was yesterday. He has got home that day in a daze. His housemate Uriel kept trying to talk to him, but none of his words made sense. They were both classically trained musicians, looking for work in orchestras working on film scores. Cas had been in the studio doing some soundtrack work that day when he had walked past and heard Dean. His voice called to him in a way no other music ever had before.
Dean splutters. He’s so angry. ‘You almost got yourself killed! You didn’t tell me? I’m your best friend!’
‘I see him most of all. He likes to come by and sit on the porch and hear about you and Sam as kids. We talk about the apocalypse and Jack. The angels, and god. It’s heavy stuff.’ Bobby gives Dean a sideways glance, ‘but you are his favourite topic of conversation.’
Sam grasped his shoulder, ‘Bobby and Ellen are our parents, even if we were never formally adopted.’
‘Really? So why did you avoid me when I got here? No you know what, why did you choose to leave me? We could have beaten Billie together, you hid that deal and it ripped me in two. You can’t do all that Cas, then casually tell me I’m your home.’
Dean appears triumphant after a surprisingly short time with a huge platter of fish and another of grilled vegetables. Cas grabs plates and cutlery and they sit on the deck to eat. It’s really relaxed, Dean surveys the group. Ben and Jack have become inseparable in such a short space of time.
‘No? Because you haven’t ever?’ Dean Jr raises his eyebrows, ‘My dad has told me all about you Dean, you can’t lie to me.’
They exchanged presents in the morning with the usual levels of chaos and Christmas spirit, but Cas disappeared pretty soon after for a walk. He refused company.
Dean turned abruptly, stomped behind the bar, slammed a glass down, grabbed a bottle of Bourbon and filled it to the brim.
The air between them becomes a little odd after that. Not awkward or tense, but thick, pregnant with something that neither can put their finger on.
‘He doesn’t.’ Cas retorts marching out of the room. He returns after a moment bearing a pair of light slip on shoes.
Dean’s brain seems to malfunction. He’s not sure how to respond. They continue to the house in silence.
Dean took a few hesitant steps towards him, coming out from the trees, the moonlight illuminating his face.
‘Dad,’ the brothers start, almost having forgotten about Dean Jr for a moment, ‘It got more urgent after you died.’
Dean waited with baited breath to hear from Cas back in LA. He tried to distract himself, to pretend he wasn’t waiting. But even Sam could tell something was up.
They stroll into the studio at 7am the next morning, Dean sends Ben over to makeup and checks in with Gabriel.
Dean had an idea. ‘I can get a place here, she can come and stay with me here so she won’t be away from her friends but I get to see her more.’
The yeti appears in the doorway, beard and eyebrows now full of icicles. He roars ‘Sammy!’ As Sam jumps up and they join in a bear hug. Bobby and Ellen soon follow and even Eileen gets a hug.
Dean’s mouth dropped open. He grabbed his phone from his pocket and found 7 missed calls and a terse text from Sam, ‘Call me, it’s urgent.’ He laughed, then, remembering, looked up at Cas.
At the foot of the stairs Cas held open the door for removal men carrying in a huge sofa. It looked comfortable. Cas’ furniture still needed replacing.
Dean jumps, clearly not expecting Cas to actually speak to him. Cas cringes. ‘I assume he meant to before we met, but maybe he forgot?’
Ellen collapses into the chair, ‘Fine! But make it a good one, I don’t want my brain turning to mush.’
‘Nice to meet you Dean.’ Balthasar eyes him closely as Dean gives him a friendly wave goodbye and heads out to the waiting cab.
‘Well, I hadn’t really thought about it. But, you know, Cas and I are friends again now. We’ve both got used to living separately. Being independent adults I suppose.’
Tears slid down Cas’ face. He decided to go out for a walk, he needed some fresh air to clear his head.
Cas and Dean wave them off into the limo they had arranged for the group, Dean behaving like some ridiculous misty eyed mom. Claire was beetroot by the time they got in the car.
Cas purses his lips and narrows his eyes. ‘As you so eloquently put it, yes. But it’s audio books, not music.’
They planned their outfits, bought glow sticks, listened to the new album on repeat  and talked about Jack incessantly. He was a god to them.
‘There are ten here, is that right? I will need names and to see ID for everyone. As you are all,’ she peered over her glasses, ‘under age, you won’t be able to go to any of the bars in there but there are plenty of soft drink tables around.’
He walked back outside, took a stroll around the back of the bar, the setting was different to the real Roadhouse. But it was beautiful. The green of the forests on the mountains rising in the distance striking.
He shouldn’t have said what he did to Dean. Things were only just getting back to some semblance of normality. He knew Dean was going to disappear for a bit because of their conversation. That it was too much for Dean to handle, the rage and anger he had demonstrated showed just how badly he had taken Cas’ words. But Cas didn’t regret it. He wanted Dean to know he was loved. He knew Dean had such terrible self worth. It made Cas happy to give him love, he didn’t expect anything in return.
‘Uh, sorry, we’re here with Ben and his friend, family stuff, another time.’ Dean guides Sam firmly towards a table at the other end waving goodbye at a dejected Becky.
What the hell? Was Cas flirting? That was impossible, Cas didn’t like women.  Cas didn’t like anyone!
‘Uh, there’s a reason that’s my favourite song’ She rolls her eyes at him. He pulls her in close for another hug. ‘Dad, you know this isn’t very rock and roll, right?’
Dean ponders at how quickly Castiel has gone from this unknowable personality to a real flesh and blood person. He prefers the person. Even if he does make Dean feel, uh, nothing, absolutely nothing. 110% straight and into chicks over here.
‘Hey, you should have some passes waiting for me?’ The woman behind the ticket counter glanced at her ID and went into a box under her desk, pulling out various lanyards.
‘Everyone has been telling me to date. To move on. To find someone new. Have you any idea how hard it is.’ He’s staring intently at Cas, green eyes flashing with grief. Wisely, Cas doesn’t reply. ‘How on earth can I move on Cas? Huh? How am I supposed to do that? I just,’ a sigh, ‘It’s not over. It can never be over. I’m forever trapped in this.’ Dean waves his hand vaguely in the air in front of him as if to explain his point.
‘Ok, so someone is trying the back to the future mojo like the angels did. We can just do the same. Hail an angel, call on Jack.’
They stay with Sam for a while, he home schools Ben until they get him into the local school. Sam is Dean’s saviour. As close as brothers could ever be. He’s so lucky to have a friend like him. He worships Eileen too, she’s incredible. She and Sam are are perfect match.
Cas starts to defend him, Dean holds up a hand, ‘Woah, I don’t mean it in a bad way. Not entirely. I like the guy. But how is he not in show business? He loves himself more than anyone I know.’
Cas took the opportunity to observe Dean interacting with his family. He felt like he was having a slightly out of body experience watching a world famous actor, one that he particularly enjoyed watching, and, yes, found devastatingly handsome, relax in his family kitchen.
‘Thank you Dean,’ he pulls his phone out of his pocket, ‘I need to call a cab, what’s your address?’
Michael smiled cruelly as he dampened the flames. It was enough distraction for Cas to grab the knife and hurl it at Michael. It caught him in the middle of his back.
Dean paces the room. Then he tidies up. Then he goes and showers. Then he looks online again. He sees Cas’ statement.
They tweaked the song as they went along, repeating and editing lines, adjusting tempo and melody. Rowena just sat and watched the ease of their interaction. It was clear they were long standing partners. Dean would falter and pause singing, Cas would usually comment with an ‘I know, how about...’ or a ‘try it this way’, and they would fix it quickly, moving on. Cas would change speed in his playing, or elongate a note, Dean would instinctively match his voice. It was effortless.
‘Great! See you there. Got me a hot date! We should catch up Ben.’ He waves as he scampers off into the hotel.
The subject of Sam’s impassioned speech backed slowly away from where he stood, just out of sight, accidentally eavesdropping. He retreated to his room.
She brushed it off, ‘Nah, we’re all good Sam, it was cool.’ She pondered for a moment. ‘I think Dad wants to make up for lost time.’
Dean didn’t know what to say. Cas was right. He would feel like that normally. But Cas wasn’t, no, isn’t a man. Cas is an angel. And Cas is the person he loves.
‘I certainly see why you would like Amara. She’s very attractive, intelligent and persuasive. All excellent qualities. But you need to watch out. She uses people and discards them once their usefulness has passed. Her branch of the family are all the same.’
They sit quietly in a dark corner, Dean chattering occasionally, he’s very observant, likes people watching. Must be what makes him such a good actor.
His wife travelled for work, he fit his work around looking after their son. He was the primary carer and he could work flexibly. His wife was the fun parent. He had the week long slog, his wife had the chilled Sundays.
Dean turned to look at him, ‘I need you Cas.’ He said simply. Cas nodded and they turned to the huddle of Sam and Mary.
Ben grabs Dean around the middle and sobs into his t shirt. Dean turns them back to head to the car, rubbing Ben calmingly on the back. He stops as he spots a familiar head of jet black hair wearing a billowing trench coat hurrying in the opposite direction.
