Dean grimaced and turned away looking at Miracle. "I think I'm gonna puke."
"If I had would you have still fucked- what the hell kind of a name is Inias anyways?"
"The- the one we sang that morning." Dean hoped Cas would get it because he was too drained from everything. Luckily Castiel started singing it. His voice thick and deep like honey, so sweet he wanted to drown it in. The gravel scratch of his voice mixed with the rumble of his words made his chest vibrate as he sung to Dean. Dean closed his eyes allowing himself to be swept away by the sounds of his boyfriends voice.
"Happy birthday, honeybee." Cas said. Dean took the four candles out of Samantha's cake, letting her lick the frosting off. They couldn't believe she was already four years old and couldn't believe where all the time went. Dean laughed and put a dollop of frosting on her nose.
"You don't have to tell me how much of a moron I am, I get it." Dean said sitting down on the couch and Castiel followed.
"Shame." She winked. It took Dean a minute to realize she was flirting, and when he did he felt uncomfortable.
Eventually Deans eyes got heavy and his lack of sleep caught up with him. He tried to stifle a yawn, but Cas still noticed.
"Well, I've dated probably three people in my lifetime. As far as hook ups go, there has been countless one night stands, and you."
"Whoa! Dean, just me!" He said.
"That the weird snail thing?" Kate asked.
"Bye."
"No I understand that, I'm just saying this will end badly."
"And what's that?" Dean asked eyes twinkling in the moonlight.
"C'mon man," Dean said taking a drag. "Try it." He handed the cigarette out to Allen who eyed him sceptically.
"What, this?" Castiel asked slamming in hard hitting Deans prostate. Dean practically screamed from the sheer force of it. Castiel knows when Dean gets close. His skin gets clammier and his limbs tremble a bit not to mention he clenches down too. Just as Dean was on the cusp of orgasm, Castiel yanked his head back forcefully by the hair making him groan.
"I'm sorry. So I hate to ask you this, but Gabe's taking me out tonight and would it be okay if I brought him here afterwards?"
They made it to the airport in just a little under thirty minutes. Dean was shaking by the time they went through security and Castiel had to hold his hand, all the way until they boarded their flight. Balthazar paid for their tickets, and even insisted they ride first class when Cas mentioned his boyfriends fear of flying. Once they boarded their seats in first class, they were shocked to find that they were the only ones in there. Dean was still gripping Castiels hand tightly but he was taking deep breaths at least.
"Okay. I l-"Dean had to stop himself from saying something that he really didn't need to say to Cas this soon. He covered his ass by saying "I like them a lot."
"Like hell 'it doesn't matter'. Okay I'm coming over, but no funny business. I'll see you in ten." With that Dean hung up and quickly got dressed.
"I wouldn't object. We sure worked up an appetite last night." Castiel smiled. Dean threw his head back in a full hearted laughter, the sound so beautiful.
"Go to Cassies."
"I bought a special canvas. I would like to cover us in paint and fuck you on it. Then when we are done, I want to hang it on display."
Cas's eyes went wide like he hadn't expected that at all. He pointed down to Deans still clothed groin as if to ask: "really?" And Dean nodded.
Sam's eyes were watery and Eileen was outright crying. She signed yes over and over and Sam smiled as he picked her up. He put the ring on her finger and pulled her into a kiss that had everyone cheering. Dean smiled at his brother and Eileen, extremely happy for them. When he turned to look at Cas, he had both a joyful and considering expression on his face. Everyone got up to congratulate Sam and Eileen, Cas included to where he was left at the table smiling, just with Jody. Dean was looking as Cas hugged Eileen and placed a hand on her stomach with a bright grin when Jody reached over. Deans attention snapped to her as she held his wrist and tilted her head in the direction of Cas.
"Keep it. I'd rather be human knowing that death can't keep us apart forever. Otherwise I'd have to watch you grow old and eventually you'd leave me. I'm happy like this. I have you." He said softly, letting his fingers trace along Deans jawline. Dean wanted to protest but he couldn't. If the rolls were reversed, he knew he couldn't bare to watch Cas die and he'd have to live. He leaned into the touch of his palm and kissed his wrist softly, both of them smiling softly. Dean reached across the table and took a piece of string from a book mark and tied it around the vile. He made a makeshift necklace and put it on. Cas laughed lightly, a sound so beautiful; Dean wanted to hear it forever.
"It's enochian. Angel language. It's a protection charm."
"Hey, angel. Whatcha doin'?" He asked setting his book bag aside.
"That's good. I wasn't rushing or pushing. Just curious." Dean rinsed the sink before going over to use the toilet.
"Tell me about your family."
"No problem. All though, you should really thank Dean. Hell, he didn't sleep probably more than a total of twelve hours in the past month."
"About what's going to happen?" Sam nodded. "It says that Jack Kline is going to get trapped. You see, he didn't just go in to pull Cas out, he went in to make a deal."
"Yes. Yes, very much I want." He chuckled kissing Castiel again. "But let me shower first, I'm covered in flour and cream."
"Dean." Cas said sternly.
"I'm sorry... uno." Cas said as he placed down a draw four.
"Drunk off beers? Wow Dean, you've become a real wuss."
"You're so dramatic." Dean rolled his eyes pecking a kiss on Castiels forehead. "Pizza okay?"
"Now let's get the hell out of here." Dean announced.
Time went on. Dean and Castiel made a comfortable place in their lives. Deans father passed at the end of July and Dean handled it surprisingly well. Especially with Cas to comfort him all the way through it. Dean still couldn't believe that after everything, Cas chose him. Dean got to listen to all of the interviews Cas went on and eventually got over his fear of flying so he could accompany Cas on all of his art galleries and shows. Dean himself was looking on the market for empty kitchens that he could maybe start his own establishment. A little bakery of sorts he thought would be nice.
"He says he likes me more than Dean, so I think I'm good." Castiel laughed.
As Cas rolled off he must've have sensed Deans slight nerves because he erupted in a smile that made Dean's chest ache with the discomfort of unbound happiness. He wished for a moment that he had only stepped out of his own way sooner, but was too caught up in the feeling of Cas's marble skin to think of much else. Cas rolled over to his side of the bed and pulled Dean against his chest. The hunter felt himself melt into his embrace as Cas planted a firm kiss to his damp forehead.
"For what?" Dean chuckled. "Who was that?"
He needed to get over it. Get over Cas, but he couldn't. He could still feel that phantom hand on his arm, still smell that clean linen and lilac. Fresh grass and spring rain in the Impala, still feel that ache in his heart. Why did it all have to hurt so much?
The two of them cleaned up from their dinner and decided to watch TV on the couch. Dean wasn't to surprised at the fact that Cas was a cuddler. After all, they had been sharing a bed for the past week. Dean wasn't usually a physical affection, kisses and cuddles kind of guy. And he thought he would be weirded out by doing it with Cas, but it just felt right. Castiels head was pillowed on his lap as they watched a documentary about honey bees. Cas was so mesmerized, Dean found it adorable. He couldn't even pay attention to the show anymore. He was just carding his fingers through Cas's shaggy dark brown hair. Occasionally, he traced the backs of his fingers along that scratchy stubble before Cas smiled and swatted his hand away. It all just felt so perfect.
The smile on Cas's face was so sweet that he forgot how to breathe for a moment. He leaned forward and pressed a soft and tender kiss to his lips. One that felt so raw and full of emotion that even Cas melted into it with a sigh. When they separated they just rested their foreheads together.
"Wait can we- without?"
"Sorry. But we just got rid of god, Lucifer, Michael, super mega hell and Billie. We don't need anyone else on our ass." Death sighed and looked at them with warning. "So you gonna help us or not?" Dean asked.
Castiel crawled into the bed slowly, and albeit a little awkwardly. But when Dean simply pulled the covers back for him, he seemed to relax a bit. The both laid on their sides looking into each other's eyes for a long time. Castiels hand came up to cup his face and there was a look of wonder across his features. Like Dean was something special.
When they got back to Lebanon, things were different. Cas was distant and not because of their previous awkwardness. Cas had taken Robins death pretty hard and Dean wished he could make it better. Dean felt bad, sure. But it was part of the job. He was used to it by now.
"Bedroom." Castiel said and a tingle erupted over Deans whole body, it wasn't a question or a suggestion that they move to the bedroom, it was a command. Normally being with women, Dean was in control, he took charge. Even with Lee, Dean was the one calling the shots. But Dean wasn't intimidated or afraid or even weirded out. He found himself nodding and following Castiel completely at his will and submission. Castiel turned around and pulled his turtleneck over his head exposing his back.
"What would you think if I wanted to get a tattoo?" Castiel head spun around and his eyes went wide.
"We should probably head out. You two have fun." Gabe said standing.
He stood up and walked back and Dean just sat and watched in wonder. Deans head snapped down to Castiel once he heard a shuffle. Those ocean, sky blue eyes were fluttering open and Dean no longer felt like he was drowning. The air had returned to his lungs.
"Are you mine, Dean?"
"You calling me obnoxious?" He smiled.
"How do I get the paper?" He asked trying to pull the little corner of the fortune that stuck out. Dean laughed and held up a finger. He pulled one of his own out of the bag and demonstrated snapping it in half before getting the paper. Cas followed in suite and frowning at his paper.
"You've never offered this before." Castiel said crawling up the length of the bed.
"What?" Dean asked a little nervous.
Cas wrapped him into his arms and kissed him deeply before putting on the ring. It was a simple gold band, much too nice and shiny for Deans rough calloused hands. But the ring was much like Cas. Too good for him. He held Cas close and kissed him under the stars until it became too passionate to do outside. They slipped into the backseat of the Impala, making slow love, giving themselves each other. Dean could no longer think of a world where a 'them' didn't exist, and became attached to the idea of always being Cas's. Dean was long lost, but at least he had the courage to lose himself in something he truly wanted. They just fell asleep, messy, sweaty and tangled in the backseat of the Impala, proud to be with one another, to belong. Proud to have rebelled as it got them here.
"Because it's fun." Sam answered as Dean made his way over to the coffee pot and Cas sat down at the table.
"Yes please. Filters are in the cupboard above the toaster." Castiel called out for him.
"Well I don't know what you want from me! It's not like I have any objections to being official with him. But I- I don't think he wants that. He's confusing sometimes."
"Balthazar said he wanted to meet you and personally offered to pay for our hotel room, so yeah. You're coming."
"I thought it might help you relax." Castiel said placing the box on the end of the bed. He looked and noticed the lube already set out and he smiled before turning to kiss Dean gently on the lips. "You're so good for me."
"If you want. But beach first. Go get dressed." Cas pecked his cheek on his way upstairs.
"So I never did ask, how old are you? You said you already went to college." Castiel asked.
"Gabe I got to go, Dean just got here."
"Je l'ai cassé." She said weakly holding the broken sand dollar up to Dean.
"Yeah. Well uh," he blushed as he pulled his sleeve down. "I took a picture of the handprint you left, cause I liked it a lot. Like you marked me I took it in to Pam and she did it for me, even though she's kind of scary. Do you- do you like it?" Cas's jaw was slack and he reached out and place his hand over the mark smiling ear to ear and sighing contented.
"Do you want to be?"
"I think it should be the other way around." Cas chuckled.
Goodnight and sweet dreams.
Dean smiled proudly at him from the front of the croud. He looked amazing. He was wearing a long robins egg blue dress. That's right, his boyfriend was wearing a dress. And goddamn, if that wasn't the sexiest thing he'd ever seen. He also wore the trench coat Dean bought him and his hair was fabulously tousled as always. He dressed much fancier at this event than he had at some of the others in the past. But Dean wasn't complaining. Especially as Cas was on stage talking about him.
"Dean?" The reply vibrated with the same depths.
"Careful now, we both know you love when I dress like this." Cas smiled and kissed his temple.
"It was nice," he sighed happily. "What'd you guys do?"
But Dean bit his lip and followed in suite, stripping his own clothes as they headed to Deans room. They were both clad in nothing but their boxers by the time they got the door shut to the room. Castiel was pressing back against Dean, mouth relentless as it kissed down Deans neck and chest making his eyes roll into his head.
"Dean Winchester, would you make me the happiest being in creation, and be my husband?" Castiel had a glistening tear in his eyes and Dean felt his own forming. For the first time in a while, he didn't feel bad for crying, or ashamed. Just utterly happy.
"Dad please," but then Johns fist connected with his jaw popping it out of socket.
"Yeah, Gabe he uh... he told me I should wear it."
The letter was from Deans pharmacy, it was labeled about is prescription.
"Drink." He said tilting Cas's head in his hand for him to swallow a bit of the water. After it went down he sighed and nuzzled into the blankets. He felt Deans strong soft hands carding through his hair.
"You just did." Sam replied.
"Par tous les moyens."
"You taste like blueberry." Dean grinned.
"Why not? Do you not want to?" Dean asked feeling a little guilty.
"Dean?" Cas rasped.
"Are you saying you're not jealous?"
"Okay babe." He chuckled. He fell asleep soon after that warm and heavy with the weed. Or maybe that was just his heart.
"Oui, Ange."
To be honest I didn't even know how much French you spoke.
-Dad.
"Yes, Sammy, I can."
"No, you need rest. You should get some sleep, Dean." Dean nodded hesitantly and stood up. He brushed his hand over Cas's shoulder on his way out. He stopped at the doorway though turning back to Cas who was still sitting there facing away.
"Bonjour." He heard Gabe say after the second ring.
"Jesus fuck. You know I almost called him Dean like three times?" Castiel laughed.
"I can't afford it."
"If you're so afraid of flying, why'd you come to France from the states in the first place?"
"Bedroom." Castiel managed in between breaths. Dean nodded willing to give Castiel anything he wanted as he sauntered towards the glass doors. Once he was in the bedroom he took a deep breath and decided to grab out the lube and condoms- well condom, they were going to need to buy more- before Cas got back. He set them on the bed before making work of his belt and the buttons on his shirt. Dean was pulling the shirt over his shoulders when Castiel came back in. He had a beautiful smile on his face that made Dean flush in every way possible. He was carrying his stash and Dean eyed the box curiously.
"... I want to ask for his blessing."
Why are you sad?
"No harm. No foul." He said holding up his hands. "I get it. I'm not super fond of this trap however. Kind of a pain in the ass. But now, I'm a demon. And you," he said pointing at them. "Need me. So... shall we make a deal?"
"Yeah, alright." Dean yawned. "You're going to have to bring the Xanax again." He chuckled.
"Charlie." Cas signed the cloth for her and handed it back. "Thank you so much. And like I said I'm a huge f-" she paused and looked at Dean for a moment. "I thought I recognized you! From the paintings in the news article!" She smiled and punched him in the arm.
"Why? Dean and I aren't exclusive. Hell he asked me out once almost a week ago and is yet to make any advance on that."
"Could you, what?"
"Ugh gross. Okay my turn. Never have I ever, been to the beach." This time Sam, Gabe and Cas took sips of their wine.
"It's nothing, really. Don't worry about it."
"Forgive me your highness, I've been a little busy." Castiel chuckled. "Dean this is Meg."
"Hm?"
Sweet dreams angel.
smut warning, and major manic bipolar episode.
"It's okay. How about you?" He mumbled. "How many people have you been with?"
"My boyfriends a celebrity." He chuckled.
"I would never." Slowly and reluctantly Dean walked into the frame of his phones propped up on the kitchen counter. Dean couldn't look up at his phone, not even to see Castiel because he was so embarrassed. Cas was silent for a long time and Dean flushed an even brighter red.
All of the students in their class made a dessert of some kind for the ceremony. There were quite a lot of people there considering how small of a class it was, most of them friends or family. Everyone was at the food table, trying the students dishes. All of them had name tags of who made what item and what was in it. Of course Dean made pie. As Sam and Dean were laughing, Cas cut himself a slice of the blueberry pie and walked over to them.
"What are you doing? The place is a bust." He said stepping back into the building. Dean simply held out the long sleek feather. "What is this?"
"I'll get it." Dean smiled.
"I understand... wait, you said not to tell- Does he think you're still taking them?!" Sam yelled.
"Well, I wonder what Eileen and I could do while you two are gone." He winked and Dean grimaced internally.
"Are you real?" Dean whispered finally.
"As much as I like that... I think I like Dean Novak more. Plus you already have a celebrity name." He chuckled when Cas rolled his eyes.
"Bonjour, Monsieur Novak. Tu devras pardonner mon Français, je pense que je suis un peu rouillé."
"Can I ask you something?"
"Dude! You get paid out the ass for your paintings. People from fucking England wanted you to come sell your art. The funny lesbian chick from my class just asked for your autograph. Oh, and apparently, you were in the news paper?!"
Until he held his daughter in his arms for the first time.
"They are more commonly known, as halos."
"It's alright, Dean." Cas laughed. Dean picked the mushrooms off of his without even being asked and Castiel smiled so sweetly at him as they did.
"Thank you. Now scooch, I gotta brush my teeth too. Unless you want to make out with my garlic breath."
"I'm not drowning myself in it. And I'm certainly not drinking over you." He lied
"I'm just not in the mood to be made fun of right now, okay? I had a really great night and I don't want your douchiness to ruin it."
"Well, what's your favorite color?" Dean rolled his eyes with a smile.
So, Sam and Eileen came over to help set up the nursery... Well, Sam helped. Eileen bought all the cute clothes and toys once they found out they were adopting a baby girl.
"Morning, Cas." Dean said. His voice sounded like gravel, hoarse from all the noise he made last night.
"Yeah." Dean blushed to himself. "Look I'm gonna go shower and then I'm going to stop at Monoprix to get some groceries. You wanna come with?"
"Your fingers broken? You can't pick up a phone? You've ignored my calls, texts, emails. I gotta fly down from Athens to make sure you haven't hung yourself in your closet."
"What?" Castiel laughed.
"What?! You can't do that Dean! Why would you do that?!"
"Don't bother, I finished it. It gave me the name of one of the ingredients we need, but I have no idea what it is."
Dean was sitting in his flat watching tv in the living room while Cas slept soundly in Deans bedroom. The sun had just gone down and Castiel had passed out right after Dean gave him a blow job to which Dean just chuckled before going out to the living room. Dean wasn't really listening to the television only the soft sounds of Cas's snoring emanating from the bedroom down the hall. Dean decided to check the mail since he wasn't quite tired yet.
"Cas... what did you mean... the one thing you want his something you can't have?" Dean was fairly sure he knew the answer. But he needed to hear Cas say it to him. Cas just sighed and refused to meet his gaze again. "Did you really think, that you couldn't have me?"
"So how was that?" Castiel asked, his voice rough and scratchy probably from having Dean all the way down his throat not fifteen minutes ago.
"I do. With all my heart. And I want you here, all the time. Because when you're gone... it's like someone's taken the air from my lungs. And it- it scares the hell out of me, because I can't lose you again."
"That's not what you said to Dean this morning is it?" He picked one last time. "I'm kidding!" He hollered as Castiel barged into the kitchen. "Jesus what crawled up your ass? Dean?"
That's the idea. That is of course if you would like to.
"I know. Dinner?" Cas smiled.
slight nsfw
"Dean you know that's not good." Sam sighed.
"Want children?" Dean asked.
"I love you two, dearest." Cas said kissing Deans temple. Sam and Eileen both smirked at them and Dean blushed. Dean drew his cards and went round back to Cas who put his final card down with a smile.
"That was because we weren't together then. We didn't mean that much to each other. Now we do and if you wanted to try it I would like that as well."
"Michael. Not even a year ago."
"'Time to date. I need to focus on my art. I need a clear conscience.' I know, I know." He mocked.
"No, I," Dean laughed, a little hysterically. "Wouldn't want to interrupt."
"Because you just got back from super mega hell and you don't have your grace. You could get hurt and that's not happening."
There wasn't one.
Dean was in awe. It was so peaceful here.  "You are quite the poet, my angel."
Sam was silent for a moment, but he didn't seem angry or even shocked. Dean expected more of a reaction if he was being honest. But Sam just contemplated with a blank expression. Deans nerves cut into him so he started talking again before Sam could.
"You can haunt my ass anytime." Dean smirked trying to be subtle, but also trying not to laugh because he knows how to handle a haunting.
"I could get used to your morning kisses." Dean smiled. Cas hummed his agreement before they both sat up. Dean held Cas's hand out of bed and walked him into the kitchen with intertwined fingers. Sam and Eileen were already at the table which had several plates dished up for them.
"I would love to. Wanna help me with dinner?" Castiel was surprised with the slight chuckle Dean let out.
"I think he likes ya, Sammy." The green eyed boy whispered.
Castiel was almost positive he didn't have any std's so it came as no surprise when everything was negative but he still jumped onto Dean. Deans test came back a two days before so they were both in the clear.
Maybe I should teach you.
Love,
"Don't worry about it little bro. You know I just want you to accomplish your dreams."
The two made their way back into the bathroom and took a long hot shower together. Dean could get used to the feeling of hot water on his back. But he could get even more used to the feeling of Castiels mouth around him. The two had a long hot round of shower sex before they voted on actually getting clean together. By the time they were done it was a little before ten and Dean quickly got dressed before he left to go to school.
"For what?"
"What's so funny?" Dean asked.
Dean was outside the bowling alley with his friend Allen. He met Allen in the begging of eighth grade and they instantly became friends. Dean was about halfway through his freshman year at the time and it was the longest place he'd ever stayed at. He still slept in a shabby motel room and had to share the Murphy bed with Sam, but it was better that the streets, that's what his father told him.
Cas is so thoughtful, not just because he does Deans chores or makes him delicious food, but he respects his boundaries. Dean doesn't quite feel comfortable kissing Cas in front of Sam or Eileen yet, despite their closeness. Cas knows about Deans past with boys and how his father beat that out of him, and when Dean first told him the story, Cas kissed each and every one of his scars that his father had given him.
"You look like shit." Cas said looking Dean up and down. To be fair he did. He was wearing boxers and an old Zeppelin t-shirt with holes in it. He hadn't shaved and only showered after he had to throw up.
Castiels face shot up in surprise at what Dean said. He opened his mouth like he was trying to say something, but he couldn't get anything to come out. Dean didn't speak again just gave him the chance to say something.
"Look, I haven't seen Inias in over a decade. He was my first boyfriend, can you blame me for wanting to catch up with him?"
"No, he doesn't." Sam sighed after a moments hesitation.
"Cas, man you killing me." Dean panted a breathless chuckle as he closed his eyes. In the split moment he looked away from Castiel, his whole cock was suddenly enveloped by a soft, wet, velvety warmth. He let out a shuddering moan and looked to see Castiels perfect lips wrapped around him. Without warning, Castiel started sucking and bobbing like his life depended on it. One hand came up to Deans chest and gently nudged him to lay down. He did just that as he would do whatever Cas wanted him too. The hand returned to his hip and they both started massaging his hip bone all the while Castiels mouth tortured him in the best way possible. He had never been so vocal before but the way Castiels tongue moved around the head of his cock, the way it pressed into the slit, the soft graze of his teeth underneath his shaft was all to much. It was like nothing he'd ever felt before. The hands massaging his hips were strong and placating, working to relax his pelvis. The hands kept his hips still for a while and soon he felt Castiels nose brush his groin and when he looked down Castiels eyes were closed in concentration. He was all the way inside Castiels throat and he was using it to flutter around him. Dean could feel Castiel actually trying to swallow him down and that was all it took. He felt the hot burning coil in his stomach and groin build.
"That's one way to wake up." Dean chuckled breathlessly.
Dean mellowed to the sound of Cas's voice and felt himself grow heavier as he pillowed his head on Castiels chest. He yawned and tried to keep his eyes open, wanting nothing more than to listen to the whiskey like sound of the angels voice tell him poetry as he laid there. After a moment, Cas said another poem, easily washing away any and all thoughts other than the man embracing him.
"What happened?" Cas growled.
Late Friday night Cas was sitting at home eating some grapes and mindlessly trying to put anything on his sketchbook. He always found it easy to draw when Dean was around, but when he was gone it was like the color drained from his system. But that was ridiculous, he needed to make a career in art and his career shouldn't depend on the guy he's sleeping with. A sudden knock at the door suddenly shot him out of his concentration. He tossed the sketch pad on the table and went up to the door.
"But I just wanted to tell you, cause... you're like my best friend. I don't have many people y'know."
"But you want to date, Dean?"
"Well maybe you should have realized that, before he fell in love with you!"
blood. He felt a wave of nausea rise back in his stomach. He completely ignored the strange look he got from Sam as he ran right past him for the bathroom. He heaved up all his breakfast and didn't even notice the tears on his face until he was done. He was so beyond tired. He just needed Cas back. He'd spent the better part of the past night screaming crying for Jack to please bring him back, but he didn't answer. Maybe he could try again.
Shut up Castiel.
0-0-0
Bobby knocks and it’s not four seconds until it opens and a woman steps out… Well, more like swaggers out if he wants to be honest about it. She’s all sass and innuendo and liquid sex from what Dean can see.
For a long time they are quiet, so long in fact that Dean wonders if the Castiel he left in Oakland would understand this or if it would fly over his head like so much else has. It’s frustrating to think that His Castiel, Castiel the Angel and this shattered husk are so very different when they FEEL the same.
Dean knew what it was. Oddly enough, he felt it. When the cloth was flipped back the gun sat there, seemed ordinary enough considering the carvings Colt had done on the grips and cylinder. But something else. Something Dean had never noticed before.
Dean just tries to separate himself from everything that’s happening because goddammitall but this is probably the most humiliating experience of his life, and that’s saying something because he’s experienced some doozies.
Bobby nodded, didn’t really care truthfully. He’d bought the thing about five years ago off some nervous red head. She hadn’t even tried to haggle with him, just took the money he offered for the scrap value and skedaddled. Bobby had felt kind of sour about it for two or three days, knowing he’d low balled her. The truck could be fixed and was worth more than the four-hundred he’d given her for it. The body was sound save where it had been sideswiped and the glass broken out. The engine could be replaced, and the upholstery wasn’t too shabby. Worn, but in a good way, in a way that said the truck had been well loved.
Dean’s breath hitches in his chest, gets caught somewhere below his tonsils and refuses to budge.
“A human soul, Dean, like Grace—is a source of immeasurable power. When one shatters the backlash is devastating.”
Sam was already tucked under the covers, eyes closed, oxygen cannula half pulled off. His headphones were askew the tinny crooning of the Cranberries wafting gently through his mussed hair.
Dean just blinks at him and shrugs; “What? You got hurt in Purgatory you died… Had to do something.”
Sam’s eyebrow slowly cocks up, “I am dying… to check this out
He looks at her; “What if he would have been stronger?”
Dean lifts his brows and smiles as he unrolls his cutlery.
Sam, at least, is predictable. He’s angry that Dean had slipped him the valerian root, but he’s pleased when Bobby tells him about the storage locker.
But Sam isn’t in the car now.
“Yeah,” He tangles his fingers in Bobby’s shirt again, grounds himself with the rough feel of flannel, the smell of motor oil, diesel and sweat. “You too.”
Dean couldn’t help staring at the glow in Castiel’s chest, he could see his veins and very bones through his skin and it made him feel kind of sick to his stomach. He remembered seeing some guy on TV swallow a light bulb once, remembered seeing it glow through his skin, but this was worse. This was worse because it was so much brighter and dark, sick parts of Dean’s mind wondered what it would be like to peel the angel’s stolen skin back and find what was lit up within him—
“Yeah, it’s okay. I didn’t think… Just, be sure to eat something, if you can. Want me to save a potato for you?”
“That’s bullshit,” Jo muttered, “Nine mil? It’d pop right through that like butter.”
“Hunting.”
Dean couldn’t have denied him if he’d wanted to, it was like Castiel reached over with his ethereal hands, grabbed Dean’s and MADE him pull over. Right there on the exit twelve ramp like a couple of jackasses.
“No, I mean; You feel like yourself? Anything, strange or different?”
Until Dean leans against the wall in the school teacher’s bathroom and notices something… a smudge on the window. He pulls Sam over with him and points, breathes out against the cold glass and the fog created by the heat of his breath is revealed.
“I’m talkin’ to you, Sam.”
Something’s happened, she acted incorrectly. It went wrong.
Then everything stopped. Silence. Blackness.
He gives Sam a somewhat dazed look and turns off the water, pats his hands dry on a towel  and gives another full bodied shake.
How he makes it to his feet he doesn’t know. But the next thing he is fully aware of, Cas is pushing a bottle at him, saying it’ll help.
He shakes his head; “What else can he do? I’m useless like this. I’m just dragging him down with me…” He lets out a self-depreciating snort; “I can’t even look at him for fuck sake.”
Dean turned and regarded his brother. Yeah, sure, Sam ‘really’ wanted to go. The fake grin and nodding were real convincing. “I don’t do skiing, sorry.”
Rot and fire and damp. Kerosene and bone fragments.
Castiel tripped trying to get his foot off of her and went down hard on top of Dean, all elbows and knees and sharp hipbones.
After that it’s a quick retreat. Sam’s feet are so cold they’re numb and even Dean’s commenting that he’s feeling a little chilly under his jacket.
Dean looked toward Sputnik warily. “No, why?”
Dean flinches back—PUSHES with a spike of pain in his head against it—and feels Castiel brush the opposition aside easily, worriedly as he pulls away.
“We just left Troy… Castiel said he headed North-East.”
I hope.
“Jo said there were other ways to learn about human sexual practices, but Jimmy is opposed to me accessing his memories—”
“Oh, like you haven’t!”
Dean felt himself smile and he groped upward, caught the angel’s sleeve and held on.
“That’s highly improbable.”
Sam compresses another shell and gives Bobby an emphatic look, asks with the lift of his brows and the wideness of his eyes just what he’s supposed to say to that. Scrapes his tongue on his teeth nervously and wipes some sweat off his upper lip.
Dean twitched a little, as if shocked and tossed his whoppie cushion on the counter—Jo followed it with a pack of inking gum and an innocent shrug.
Dean drives until sometime late that evening when he starts shaking his head and blinking repeatedly, widening his eyes to focus on the road.
All signs pointed to something very, very bad.
Dean finally gets a full breath in and he looks at the angels in disgust; “You’re some heartless sons-of-bitches, you know that?”
“I’m here to help. You hurt?”
There are more gunshots and then it’s quiet… A scream of rage and sorrow and—
“Sam, I’d rather chop off vamp’s heads any day of the week than hunt down another fucking stone lizard or horny toad any day—“
Sam is willing to bet that as long as no supernatural fuglies get his brother again, his cholesterol will be what kills him. Dean just has no respect for roughage. Sam blames himself. If he hadn’t looked so happy at Dean chomping into that burger at Bobby’s weeks ago, maybe he would have been able to prevent Dean’s new body from suffering the same abuse as his old one.
Dean inhales, feels it catch in his throat and has a difficult time letting it out again without making a noise.
And the air around them crackles.
“What do you mean you can’t find him?” Dean speaks more to the bowl of the sink than the angel, can’t quite lift his head.
Sam felt a shiver run up his spine. He shakes his head, looks away—back again, shakes his head some more; “No. That’s not true. I-I’m doing this to help him. When it’s over I’ll quit. I won’t need it anymore.”
He screams and threatens and fights, pulls at the chains and doesn’t care who he’s hurting, but they creep closer the same, bite and CHEW and rip…
It seems like it would be easy, seems like everything that went wrong started that day. Started because he was afraid. Maybe—maybe he could fix it. Maybe he— “When this is over… When we stop this,” He swallows, actually feels a lump in his throat, puts on a fake smile that feels twice as transparent without his body; “Wanna—wanna right a few wrongs?”
Castiel picks up the phone and holds it to his ear, listens to the white noise on the other end for all of two seconds, then turns and yanks the cord clean out of the wall. He stands there a moment, seeming to fill the room and lifts his fingers at Dean; “Stay here… Don’t go to sleep,” Then he’s gone in a whirlwind, like a sudden breeze came along and swallowed him, kind of like watching a distant house disappear in the rain only much quicker.
“Wait, wait,” Sam was chuckling too, waved his hand a little to get her attention, “What does that mean?” He repeated the sign.
“It’s not your concern—“
Dean looks at him and releases a laugh. It’s thin and hopeless and he leans over his knees to rub shaking hands on his face; “You could have mentioned that… would have made lastnight a lot easier.”
“He’s in here now! That body ain’t him—never was, understand?”
0-0-0
“You managed to heal Sam well enough on your own—“
“Uh, okay?” Sam muttered in concern; “What kind of ingredients?”
Bill was going around the corral, but Dean just planted one hand on a fence post and heaved himself up and over it, dodged the horse as it made for him with a shriek, eyes rolling and wild.
Sleep comes upon him unannounced. One minute he’s watching some cheap old schlock film and rubbing the sting of salt out of his eyes the next he’s fishing. He knows where he is. A lake in South Dakota Bobby had taken him and Sam to one summer when Dad had left them. Dean can’t remember the name of the lake, not really, something he’d laughed about at first. He’d liked fishing even then, found it peaceful, calming. There was nothing but him, a line and the water. Maybe a fish or two, but this… Bobby had said the lake had been blessed by Natives and as far as he knew not a single monster or nasty came within a five mile radius of it. Dean had always assumed it was Bobby’s way of easing Dean’s tensions as a kid, getting him to relax. But it had always stuck with him. He hadn’t thought about the lake in years. Non since the last time they’d been here the summer after Sam’s tenth birthday.
“Dean?”
Dean blinked. “You mean somebody could have her?”
The demon had its black eyes locked on Dean’s, bloody mouth pulled back in a red grin; “Hi, there,” She said. A giggle; “Oh, that looks painful.”
Sam peeled back the bandages on Dean’s back and wing—there, he said it without flinching this time—and found the skin around each wound reddened and blistering, that same blueish white light peeking out between the stitches.
“Because that is the natural order of things—“
Elk Creek was much like Alliance, small, seemingly untouched. Julia Wright lived in a small chipped white house amid an overgrown yard behind spike tipped iron fences and hand painted ‘No Trespassing’ signs. Nine of them in all.
Dean nodded, “I can see that,” He peeled up the tail of Castiel’s shirt and used it to wipe the blood from his face.
Dean feels it in his chest, feels the muscles in his stomach tightening, his lungs constricting, heart pumping faster and faster. It happens suddenly, a hard painful little jolt from his middle and Ruby looks at him sidelong, unimpressed.
Click
Castiel lifted his chin when he spoke; “The only hope they have now is that we can trap and kill this demon… Afterward, a Reaper will escort them to their respective afterlives.”
“Says the blind angel.”
“What’re you doin?”
He doesn’t speak again for close to two weeks and even then there’s a resignation to his features. A sadness –regret.
Sam doesn’t say anything else about it.
The machine made a distressed beeping noise and an electric current rushed up Dean’s arm, ricocheted around his elbow and made for his eye socket. He jerked his hand back, insulted, took a deep breath to steady himself and started again.
Dean makes a wet belching noise and slaps a hand over his mouth.
“What?”
Dean’s heart is beating unevenly, too quick and shallow and he can’t find a rhythm in it to coordinate his breaths. He doesn’t look up, can’t. Needs to find his center before he starts this or it won’t end clean. He has to end this
He just cannot take it and blessedly there is respite, unconsciousness. SILENCE.
“In my car?”
Dean pushed the computer back and closed the lid; “I’m not goin’.”
Dean blocks the exit and when he looks Sam in the eye he’s not sure who he’s looking at.
“Leg—My leg—“ He reaches for it, finds everything intact and the world grays out again in relief.
Dean nodded, jaw pushed forward as he fought to swallow a burning feeling in his throat. He snuffed, looked at the floor to focus himself, and with a grunt of sore muscles, pushed to his feet.
He didn’t look at her, pretended like he hadn’t heard her speak. Childish but when had he ever claimed not to act childish on occasion.
0-0-0
What if it was Lilith? What if this was it? What if this was their only shot and Castiel had been brainwashed in Sunday School and Dean was going up against a Whiteyes alone?
Dean went still, tried not to look it in the eye. Bobby had told him that once, about wild animals. Don’t look them in the eye they think it’s a sign of aggression and will attack you. He pulled on Castiel’s shirt tail and muttered, “Just back up slowly.”
Dean, at one time can’t look away and can’t make himself look. It’s the strangest thing. There is Sam. Sam’s stupid hair and goofy smile and dumb straight nose, but at the same time what looks out of his brother’s eyes is not Sam.
No… No, this is his choice, he’ll prove it. He can do this without it getting out of hand. He’s stronger than this. Dean will see, he will. He will.
“Like a lot of… of stuff,” he wasn’t even sure why he’d called Sam up here anymore. “Look, forget it, I—“
Castiel gathers what’s left of himself what hasn’t been infected and taken over by the Wolf his vessel has become and lifts free—doesn’t even hesitate as he wraps his hands into the ruined fabric clothing what had once been Jimmy Novak’s body and burned the life from it.
Castiel found himself near that boarder again, fingers hesitating—unable to break it, but craving to know what was in there just the same.
Dean’s mouth compressed and with a sigh he nodded; “’s a long… long story.”
It was not a conversation Dean wanted to have. He knew it was coming just as surely as a celestial backlash was building because he’d… what he’d done to Castiel.
Sam’s mouth moves, there are words, but Dean can’t understand them.
Stupid—of all the shitty stupid things—
“Ya’ think?” Sam takes a deep breath and pushes back from the table. “We’ve gotta find this witch, Dean… We’ve gotta find them and stop them.”
It flickers across Bobby’s face, recognition, fear, shame… joy; “Dean?”
Toby came over after the older woman had left and for the last forty-five minutes of the ‘appointment’ he bent Sam into strange positions on a mat across the room and kneaded the muscles in his legs. Dean thought it was kind of weird, yeah he’d rubbed Sam’s back before, and Sam had rubbed his, but just MASSAGING a dude’s leg?
The angel snorts and his lips curl up.
He wonders if this is what being poisoned feels like, but at the same time his mind whirs because ‘poisoned’ isn’t the right word. It doesn’t carry the need or urgency that he feels. It doesn’t carry the warmth… But the words elude him. Hundreds file past his consciousness in a never-ending column. Word after word, meaning after meaning, and none of them fit.
This was a city. A modern city—One he’d been in before and seen thriving and bustling with activity, now it was bombed out, decaying and wet. Like a rotting corpse. Yeah, this wasn’t a city, it was an urban corpse. Broken windows and collapsed buildings the jutting bones, the debris in the street its maggot riddled oozing flesh.
“I’ll keep an eye out—“ He stretched out the threads of his own grace like an octopus, wiggled around wildly in all directions.
Sam shut up and sat down, tried to take up as little space as possible with his giant frame, tried not to watch how Dean’s hands had begun to twitch.
“Sam! Can you hear me!”
Castiel stands there and stares at the spot where Dean had fallen, the demon slaying knife is still caked in Alastair’s blood, cracked and rotting and stinking of sulfur and death.
And just like that the meeting was over.
“It’s not going to get any easier.”
It wasn’t necessarily easy to forget the THOUGHTS, or the worry, or the anxiety, but something about their closeness felt right. Like the grace in Dean’s chest fit against the scar in Castiel’s and between them they were whole.
Sam let out a put upon sigh; “Would Rufus accept help?”
Sam shook out the autopsy report and started reading; “’Upon retracting the lids I encountered a thick gray oily discharge with a mucus like texture. I have sent some of the substance to the lab in Everett for analysis… Upon re-examining the other three bodies I found similar material in the sinus and ears. Perhaps it is a chemical residue or unknown contaminant from the sea water. I have taken samples from each victim and sent them for analysis as well… However considering the evidence and lack of bruising I must conclude Mrs. Gaines’ cause of death drowning-suicide,’” Sam closed the file and turned to Dean with a pleased smirk.
Like static cling up his neck. Up his arms.
The amputee checked a hand in the air; “Chad Browning, nice to meecha’!”
Dean rubbed his brow tiredly, “Sure, why not. Go eat a couple Wafflehouses. Try every goddamned thing on the menu! But do it because YOU want to, not because I want you to.”
The pendant around his neck gave another microscopic twitch and when the woman turned her head to giggle at the other women with her, Castiel left. Stepped backward through space and time and forward again, in a cosmic twostep.
Sam ends up taking some of the clothes in his closet, mostly the pants like Dean had, because the majority of his jeans back at Bobby’s have holes in the knees or are patched. There’s even that one pair he split the seat out of. Dean laughs when he pops open Sam’s sock drawer and finds everything organized in rows of twos. Underwear and socks matching and paired together in neat little bundles.
“Dean?”
Castiel said nothing, blinked at the ring; “Did you put it on?”
“What?”
“To touch you—“
The dog looks up at him with her head cocked to the side, whines a little and pulls against her lead.
0-0-0
“What? You hacking people’s bank accounts? Stolen credit cards? Hitting up old ladies for nickles when you open jars for them? Be realistic, man. I’ve got medical bills a mile long. Your ride is a busted ten-speed you’ve had since you were what, thirteen?”
Dean stares at the kid’s picture for a minute, thinks the poor guy lucked out being the last person to die instead of the first to survive and scratches his wrist particularly hard; “Maybe it is what the people say it is.”
It was shortly after six in the morning when they stopped. Sam was exhausted, couldn’t keep his eyes open, and as much as Dean wanted to get the damage to his baby repaired, he was going to be realistic. Sam did not need any more coffee and there was no way his little brother was going to be able to keep driving without it.
Ellen made a noise in the back of her throat, watched Dean take another bite and purposefully looked away; “Uh—Oh, he wants to knock out the wall by the bathroom back there and put a room in. Nothing fancy, but something Sam could shut himself up in if he wanted to… He’s getting to that stage I guess.”
He leaves, storms upstairs and shuts himself in one of the dusty empty rooms, pulls a chair down off a stack in front of the window and plops it down right in the middle of the floor, sits and presses his hands together between his knees, leans forward until his chin almost meets his thighs and tries to breathe.
Dean’s eyes opened and he blinked dazedly, saw the room washed out in the colors of evening and Castiel’s borrowed face. Amusement tenting his eyebrows.
Chuck’s jaw tightened and he met Sam’s eyes evenly for a five count—just five tiny little seconds—Looked down at his hands and sighed.
“What’s that?” Jo glanced up at Dean to gauge his reaction.
“Can we just go, please?”
He chuckles, shakes his head and turns to the menu. The moment is broken though when Dean looks at him with a concerned, perhaps even worried expression on his face and says; “Does that make me Pokey?”
The demon was writhing, snarling and snapping its teeth, had taken on its human like form once more, and when it saw Dean its orange eyes widened and it released an inhuman shriek, renewing its efforts to escape.
Dean felt like he couldn’t see anything and panic ramped up in his chest. He shouted in rage—tried to jerk back from the angel—pushed at the hand against his brow but it kept going—kept pushing and his memories were being snuffed out one by one. Like balloons popping, swelling bright and GONE.
His stance widens and his wings shift low, all four arms out, palms tilted. “Lucifer.”
Dean feels something in his chest catch and he can feel ash on his fingers, even if there isn’t any. He steps back, kicks up the stained molding rug and stares at the pattern burned into the floor of Bobby’s library.
Bobby snorted; “You gonna play with it or kill it, Rufus.”
0-0-0
“Not a very tasteful one.”
Castiel’s grace flickered visibly around him, little tongues of aquamarine light. It cast rainbow hued shadows on the walls of the pipe and the flashlight in his hand burned bright— crackled— and went out.
Sam doesn’t eat meat for almost a month. Dean thinks he’s being over dramatic.
Sam saw his brother flinch from the corner of his eye; “What about the djinn?”
He feels more than hears Castiel land a few feet away. The angel takes up the end of the adjacent bench and leans forward with his elbows on his knees. Dean sighs and turns to look. “Let me guess… You’re here for the ‘I told you so.’”
It’s Pamela, of course it is. Poor woman hasn’t given them enough it seems. Dean’s roused himself enough by noon that his vision doesn’t split or waver too much if he keeps his head still and Sam reluctantly agrees and makes the call.
It was as if her legs and feet were suddenly made of concrete.
Sam rolled his eyes; “Dean—“
“Why are you pinning me to your body?”
Ruby is gone when Dean and Anna come back. Dean won’t meet his brother’s eyes and heads immediately toward the back of the barn so Sam can’t see the bloodshot inflamed appearance of his eyes and the redness of his face. Anna asks where Ruby went but Sam doesn’t answer right away, watches Dean’s back as he jogs up the staircase into the workshop part of the barn and disappears.
She curls up in the foot well between Dean’s feet, leans herself into the wedge of space between his shins and Dean squeezes his fingers even more tightly together where they’re clenched between his knees.
Bilbo had said he felt thin, like butter scraped over too much bread.
Thing looked right at him with weird silvery cat eyes and twisted bat nose said; “Which one?” It had laughed and laughed and laughed, hadn’t given him any more answers even when he’d threatened to cut off its balls.
And on the bed, where the Sputnik look alike had been, was now a writhing mass of bloody mucus, and off white tentacles covered in short fur, and two bulbous, watery eyes.
0-0-0
The hotel room was drafty, looked like it had been welcoming patrons since the civil war and there was a weird smell coming from under the bathroom sink but Dean couldn’t find the source of it. Dean couldn’t tell if the décor was intentional or just a remnant because there were some old doors in there with cracked peeling paint set up like a room divider. It reminded him of those weird little shops springing up all over the south-east selling badly painted pictures and wall hangings that looked like the Blair Witch had tied them together in her spare time.
"Do you like it?" Castiel asked.
I'm already home. What would I be upset about?
"My names in here." She said tilting her head to the side, just like Cas does when he's confused.
"What did you mean the night you got back from Arles? When you asked if I was yours?" It was Cas's turn to look away.
"You're up early." A voice said in the kitchen. Dean quickly set the milk down on the counter but he slipped off when he reached for his gun.
"Is he okay? He sounds sick. Is he sick?"
Hello gentlemen. Could I interest you in some champagne?
"As do you," he said digging into the eggs and bacon Dean whipped up. "Are you a fan of The Beetles?"
Yes ma'am. Can we also have water?
"It's Dean," Dean grumbled.
"Okay. So if something feels to real, what would you like me to do?"
"There is nothing complicated in the way I love you." He said. And just like that, they were back to kissing. Castiel made work of taking off Deans own flannel and traced his hands up the bare flesh. Castiel touched That Spot on his shoulder and it felt as if the stars were dancing across his skin. Castiel got off of Deans lap and Dean almost groaned his disappointment before he saw Cas walking back towards the bed. Dean could get on board with that, so he stood up and took off his belt following Cas to the bed. The look in the angels eyes had Dean gasping in a breath and then he wrapped him in another kiss. The two of them fumbled for each other's pants, pawing to get them off, desperately  needed each other in this moment.
"I actually had a surprise for you today too." Dean said.
"It's the story of how I fell in love with Daddy. As you well know, angels weren't supposed to have this life. But this book," he held her hand over it. "Will tell you everything about us. I wrote it for you because I wanted you to know how you came to be a part of our lives."
The reaper stood there with warning and contemplation in his eyes. So long so, Dean got antsy and thought about taking it back. But finally the reaper smiled.
"You changed me, Dean." Castiel said with tears in his eyes. In spite of the tears, he was smiling. He was happy. Dean couldn't comprehend what was happening.
From the moment Castiel walked into that bar in September, he was lost. Sam had just moved in with Dean and they were out having drinks talking about their plans for school when him and Gabriel walked over. From the first time Castiel kissed Dean in the entry way of his apartment, to the first time Dean saw Castiels tattoos and the beautiful planes of his body. The first time he and Castiel made love, to their first date and even to their first fight. Nothing had ever felt so real and yet so unbelievable all at the same time.
"I love you." Dean said back and Castiel smiled before kissing him again.
"What can I do do help?" Cas asked kissing Deans chin.
"I'm just glad I met you. That I have you."
"I don't know."
"Yeah just no mushrooms."
"A little bit," he decided. "But I'm fine."
I mean there was that time with the bees...
"Yeah I did." He said solemnly.
"Yeah. Sam's been taking it pretty rough. It's a shame, what it is liver cancer? Anyways he's going to fly out there sometime soon."
"Yes. Yes I am, and that's okay because I love you."
Silence fell over them and it wasn't awkward, it never was with them. There wasn't any tension aside from the obvious, but it was solemn. Castiel looked like he had been on the verge of tears for a while, but none ever fell and it broke Deans heart. He sure as hell was scared because he was taught he couldn't love boys, but Cas wasn't just some boy. Cas is his Mary. So John can suck it. But finally, Castiel looked up of his own accord, locking eyes with Dean before letting out a shaky sigh.
"Deals a deal. You help me get into the empty, you get Deaths scythe, help me get my," Dean almost said friend out of habit, but Cas is more than a friend. Not that the reaper needs to know that. "Help me get the angel back."
"Besides," he said nuzzling in closer. "This is going to work out, rather you like it or not. Because I can't give you up."
"Don't you get that you are?! By doing this you are hurting him! I've been with Cassie since he was sixteen years old. The kid left his boyfriend back home who he claimed he was in love with. And yet I have never seen him more hurt and heartbroken in my life. So let me tell you something. You've got fourteen hours. You go to him. You sort this shit out. You fix this mess and do whatever it takes to make it right."
"Sex?" Castiel asked not even really a question.
"Y'know you would be too." Dean blushed slightly and shrugged. Yeah, he wanted kids, but did Cas? And even still, they were both men. They'd have to make some serious money before they could either get a surrogate or adopt. But, yeah, Dean had thought about it. A lot. "Thank you, Dean. I'm gonna go check in on everyone."
As soon as Dean left Castiel cursed himself for being so fucking stupid. Gabe warned him that this wouldn't end well and if him fucking Dean didn't scare him away, this certainly did. His stomach suddenly felt nauseous at the idea of never seeing Dean again and he had to breathe.
Dean woke up the next morning to an empty bed. As he sat up he felt the stiffness leave his body after spending so many nights on a rock hard mattress. He looked up and spotted a note on the nightstand.
Castiel was truly something else. The way he touched Dean was as if they had had sex thousands of times as opposed to twice. And although he wouldn't really admit it, he almost enjoyed their small talks and conversations over breakfast getting to know each other almost as much as sex. They hardly knew anything about each other but Dean found himself wanting to know everything about Cas. He wanted to know more about his emancipation and why he wanted to be an artist. He wanted to know about his sexy, sexy tattoos and what they meant. He wanted to know every minuscule detail about the blue eyed man. And although dating wasn't in the cards for either of them, he couldn't help but wonder if it would really be the worst thing.
"It's fine. I could handle a beating. Lord knows I had a smart mouth and probably got myself into trouble so it's not entirely his fault."
AHHH! So that's the end of the story. I would like to say a lot of my inspirations came from the fan fictions Painted Angels by WinJennster and riptides by sharkfish, both here on Ao3. Anyways, I hope you guys liked this. I sure know I had a lot of fun writing it. So thanks for reading heller friends!
"No way! Us too!" The younger one smiled.
"Well now that you're not there to distract me from Mr. Campbells lessons, I would say so." Castiel joked.
"So how'd things go with, Sam? It was Sam right?" Castiel asked.
Dean groaned as he closed the space between them. "New rule. You can't speak French and wear a skirt at the same time."
"Me and Cas need to get out of here for a bit. Get some space,"
"You don't? Well," he got even closer. "I would like to know which color, style, fabric you have containing that pretty, gian-"
A letter from his bank, a check for his disability, a form from his doctor, and a letter from home. Dean had started to be content because the letters stopped coming from his Dad. For months, and now all of the sudden, there was one again. He stared at it with his heart in his throat and a knot in his stomach. When Sam had moved out, he asked him to keep all of the letters since he couldn't bare to throw them away, no matter how much he didn't want to read them. Suddenly he felt the need to read all of them. He quickly pulled out his phone and called Sam.
The two of them scrambled out of the covers, both of them getting changed when Sam and Eileen stepped out. The two of them headed to the entryway of the bunker together where Sam and Eileen were.
"I dunno... both?" Dean mumbled.
"I didn't think you had... so the meds working?" Dean went tense and hesitated a moment. "Dean?"
Two and a Half Weeks Later
"Do they know about Gabe?"
"Draw fours?"
"Not a chance."
"Thanks." He made some quick toast and a cup of coffee so he wouldn't be sick and could focus on reading today. Sam had his nose buried in a book, and when Dean walked past him, he ruffled the messy mop that Sam called hair.
"I just feel like this is going to bite us in the ass..." Dean sighed sitting down.
"Okay so," Sam started to explain. "At first we deal everyone seven cards. Now whatever card is facing up, you either have to put down a card with the same color, or the same number. If you don't have either, then you pull from the deck. There are draw twos that you can place and make the next person draw, then there are wild cars to where you can make the next person play any color you want. And then there are draw fours..."
“Aw, cripes,” Dean slouched dramatically, almost dislodging Sputnik from his lap. He rubbed a hand over his face.
“Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance! You know I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest!” He prods the spot with a rigid finger, the skin is still very tender and bruised and he feels like throwing something.
He stands there for a moment with his face tilted up into the wind panting, fighting back a growing tension in his throat and sinuses. Then with a growl he claws at the bandages over his eyes and wrenches them away, rubs his fingertips against his eyelids warily, afraid he’s been lied to and he’ll find nothing but loose skin and empty sockets.
“Bullshit…”
“Unless something wanted to power it down, but not enough to leave it vulnerable to attack from other demons. And not powerful enough to put up a fight.”
Dean grabs the nearest thing to him, eyes locked on the man before him, and puts the desk chair between himself and the older hunter; “Woah-woah—WAIT! I’ll prove it! Your name is Robert Steven Singer. You became a Hunter after you wife got possessed—You’re about the closest thing I have to a father.”
Sam finds it faster than Dean had the one at the Wallace house, wiggles it between his fingers when Dean glances over the girl’s shoulder and it’s over pretty quick after that.
Dean felt himself grin; “There’s a lady barber,” He covered the mouthpiece of the phone and turned to Cas with a smile; “Sammy’s on a date with a barber!”
“Spelling suggests Myan, maybe Aztec…” Bobby lets out an exasperated sigh. “I got no idea what it is, give me a minute,” He knocks books around flips pages, punches in something to his computer, flips through more books.
His head bows, chin to his chest and he feels himself sag, diminish.
“Dean—“
Sam gives him the finger, grins because it doesn’t hurt too badly and finds one of his old soccer balls in Bobby’s little used office, strips Sputnik out of her sweater and nudges it around, lets her chase it and Dean watches  while he starts scuffing what paint is left on the truck so the new coat sticks.
For one thing, it was hot. For another there were snakes. Dean didn’t like fucking snakes. He’d chopped one into pieces with a machete once and the thing had still tried to bite him.
Sam paused in the doorway, passed his toiletry case back and forth between his hands; “Hey… uh—“
“Cas.”
“I… You seemed peaceful, so I didn’t wake you… But that seems pointless as you’re awake now.”
Sam had opened his mouth to offer thanks when Dean had made an awful choking noise and started coughing up bile.
“I see you holding my hand.”
I'm probably going to rework a few things in the last chapter now that I'm home and settled, but in the mean time, please enjoy this little bit of angst.
Dean lined his fingers up with the mark on his shoulder and squeezed, poked and prodded at that weird… weird HOLLOW in his head where it felt like something was missing, but it didn’t retreat and show him what was hidden beneath no matter how he raged against it.
“Let me know if you find one.”
Chuck takes a step away rubbing his face, turns and regards Dean critically; “Oh-Nine, huh?”
He blinked, waited a moment and called Sam back. There was no answer.
“Whatever,” She motioned to the computer screen in front of her; “Did you guys check the weather patterns for New Jersey?”
“The whole bloody thing, Dean… The reason Lilith wanted you there in the first place—“
Bobby slammed his thick hands down on the roof of the Prius and the resultant crash echoed through the garage; “NOW, I SAID THAT’S ENOUGH!”
Cas has his arms crossed, has pulled out a chair and dropped into it, hips cocked to one side, eyes distant; “Because they knew your weakness was Sam and you were his. They’re demons, Dean. They don’t stop. They will never stop… They have a lot in common with Winchesters in that respect,” He breathes deeply, shifts his feet and looks up again; “We weren’t there because at the time, we thought we were doing the right thing. You thought staying apart would keep you both safe.”
It hurts…
Rufus is giving him a purposeful look, almost knowing. Dean feels like it’s written on his face. The memories on display like dandruff on his shoulders. He shoves his hands deep into the pockets of his jacket and turns away, shuffles up to the bed and picks compulsively at the sheets. “Doc say anything about releasing him?”
His heart is racing and a sour sludge has dripped into the back of his throat and refuses to budge no matter how many times he swallows.
His finger lifts and he doesn’t bother making the sound this time but there is a noise—a wet crunching crack like noise. Dean’s heard—and felt—it before and Sam’s legs fold, drop him suddenly and heavily to the floor.
“You don’t have to be bad,” Sam said urgently; “You can’t help the way you were born. You can’t change that— trust me, I know. but you can choose to be something better. You can choose to be good. Jesse—it doesn’t matter what happened before. It doesn’t matter what their intent for you was—all that matters is what YOU want to do. What you choose to do with the power you have. You don’t have to be bad, just because people tell you that part of you is. You can prove them wrong—“ He glanced to the side, caught Dean’s eyes and held his gaze for half a breath; “Your choices are what make you good or bad. Not your blood, not your parents, or their intent. YOU. You’re responsible for your own choices, you’re actions and decisions make you, not theirs.”
HOT!!
The audience laughed mechanically, and the band began to play.
He took a step back and shook himself back into reality. Saw Jo sitting there before him with a concerned look on her face.
People are staring at them, someone says something about ‘gay’ another replies with ‘must be retarded’. There are a few women who huddle together and watch, whisper to one another about autism or post-traumatic stress, how kind ‘The Big One’ is for doing what has to be done and not caring what other people think—But neither Sam nor Dean care. Sam has his brother’s face pressed between his palms, fingers like horse blinders to keep Dean focused only on him.
“And then some,” He tries to smile, but can’t quite manage it, so he looks down at his hands instead, presses his palms flat on the polished wood and focuses on his breathing.
“See what?” Sam paused, “What is it?”
“I gotta finish the truck and—“
He tried once, and Sam had pulled his lips back from his teeth, eyes narrowed and filled with anger—his color had shifted, gone almost entirely black and lashed out at Dean like a battering ram. It had made his chest feel tight and his head ache.
“Not really, no—”
For a moment Dean looked very pale, like a deer caught in headlights, then his jaw tightened and his gaze shifted from Sam’s eyes to his forehead, near enough to make him think they were still looking directly at one another, but not quite.
Castiel doesn’t realize his vessel’s eyes are closed until they open and he finds himself staring up at Dean’s face. The lamp is on and Dean still looks like he hasn’t slept.
Sorry for the wait, my grandmother had a health scare and I had massive writer's block. It's broken for the moment, so I'm writing as much as possible. Lets hope I can actually finish more chapters on time this go round.
And gets none.
Purgatory is not what Dean thought it would be. It is nothing like hell, while at the same time it is exactly like it. He did not feel powerless here all the time. He knew these things, knew how to fight them, and he did.
0-0-0
Dean relented, begrudgingly and handed the map over from where he’d spread it out in the front seat and halfway over the dash. He muttered and slammed into the Impala to find Castiel in the passenger seat. He looked like a statue sitting there, back straight, eyes forward, hands on his knees.
Dean snorted; “What stage?”
Sam took a step back and looked at him—actually looked. “You got somethin’ to tell me, Dean?”
Dean felt rightfully smug as he took the dog into the grass across the road from the gas station. He was going to get to drive again. Awesome. At least something was going right.
Castiel fell asleep sometime after seven, Dean didn’t even really notice until he glanced in the back and saw the angel was limp and still with his head tilted back. He kind of snored a little.
“Get away from the fuckin’ door.”
0-0-0
Dean holds up his hands and snorts derisively; “Okay, whatever you say, you’re just kind of… LOOMING.”
They find a lake. Dean’s lost track of time, doesn’t even know what time of day it is outside of this ‘Place’. He just walks until he gets too tired to stay on his feet. Fights until his arms don’t want to move. Carefully picks out the berries and other flora that won’t make him sick and eats when he can.
“You hurt your stomach?”
“What?” It came out harsher than he’d intended, more of a vicious snap than a question.
0-0-0
Castiel was slumped against the window snoring lightly, and Sputnik lifted her head lazily when he climbed back behind the wheel, blinked and lowered her head again with a sigh.
It’s a warehouse, of course it is. The Impala is parked at the end of the lot, twenty or so feet away from the door. Sam parks and wriggles around, manages to get the passenger door open and it only takes ten minutes to force his chair out, and another five to get it open and the wheels locked so he can transfer himself out. Then just two minutes to get his weapons squared away on his person. In all that time he hasn’t heard a peep from inside the warehouse.
Dean stares at him for a minute then carefully unwraps him from his cocoon of blankets, grinds his teeth at the hisses of pain and peers at the bandages with a weird pressure in his throat.
The doctor grinned and peeled off his gloves; “No, sorry. That’s not my area of expertise,” He turned to Castiel; “You stepped on glass?”
It’s about the size of a Great Dane, emaciated and missing clumps of its greasy fur. It smells heavily like fish and damp and rot and screams like a child when it realizes it’s cornered, the hand on its tail doesn’t give up though. TWISTING, WRENCHING at Trina’s leg until the bone snaps. It’s a saving grace really that Trina had managed to hook her arms around the pier railing or else she would have been pulled into the depths.
So he doesn’t try, he just turns and leaves.
The static in the air is shifting, rising and falling in quick little waves and Dean realizes it feels almost like a heartbeat. Like he can feel Castiel’s pulse quickening in something like fear, if angels can even feel fear.
“Dean?”
“There, are you happy now? I could never stand to see a seraphim groveling!”
Bobby looked up at him agape; “You mean John had the sword the whole damned time!”
Dean stayed back in the kitchen with his arms crossed and just watched. Castiel stood a few feet away absently plucking at a fray in his blanket.
“Yeah.”
Dean looks at him. Scowls and gives his head a shake; “Sam, I never said anything about demon blood.”
Sam motioned to the dog; “Look at her!”
It was sudden and entirely involuntary, but Dean’s vision slid to the side and he saw the gold of Sputnik’s color reaching out and connecting with Sam’s, a sparkling, dazzling bubblegum pink where they met. Sam—Sam’s color hadn’t really changed. Some of the black had receded, giving way to threads of that candy-apple red that made Dean breathe a little easier, but there was no abrupt end to it at Sam’s waist, no indication whatsoever, that his color—or soul or whatever it was— had been affected. He was dim, likely from stress and tiredness, but Dean had seen worse—so much worse.
He tried to swallow and couldn’t, his mouth was too dry; “You saw what it was like down there… If you dragged me out I know you did,” The wind shakes the corn; “But you have no idea what it felt like to be stuck down there for forty years. You don’t understand that and I hope to god you never do… The things he did to me—“ Now there’s too much in his mouth and the beef jerky smell from the back seat is charred flesh—his own charred flesh. He tilts his head back to keep from choking; “I did things when I was younger that I’m not proud of. You kind of have to when you’re in a situation like we were as kids… I’ve done things recently that I’d really rather not remember, but this—this was a whole ‘nother ballpark, Cas. He didn’t use my body… Alistair—that demon raped my soul, OK? And that’s a lot harder to deal with for me. I’d never had anyone touch my soul before and he—He just took and took and took and I couldn’t stop him. He touched pieces of me that nobody has the right to and I—” He feels Castiel looking at him but can’t meet his eyes. Can FEEL the confusion and disbelief and horror even before Castiel touches him. Even before the angel reaches out with four of his ethereal hands and seeks out the edges of everything that makes Dean DEAN. He doesn’t touch, just hovers over Dean’s feathery edges, the invisible boundary of himself
0-0-0
“Just checkin’.”
That… Whatever it had been, THAT was what Castiel wanted. He couldn’t name it, couldn’t describe it, but he wanted it with every fiber of his being. He CRAVED it so badly he shook within his vessel in want of it.
Outside Sam called for the dog, chuckled as she yapped and waddled over. A moment later the Prius’ doors shut and the engine started.
“Sam, this is all hands on deck. We lost a LOT of seasoned hunters to the Witnesses, we don’t have much of a choice here.”
Dean swallowed again, a bitter sour taste crawling up from his stomach; “And what VISSAGE,” He spat the word, “Are you in now, huh? Been plumbing around in my head, cause, I promise you, this won’t make me sympathetic… You picked the wrong face to hide behind if that’s what you’re after.”
“Sorry…” He flicks the knife in his hand, forward grip, reverse, defensive, offensive, it’s second nature he can’t help it—exhales loudly and puts the blade down. He shakes his foot like he’s trying to hold back the urge to pee and looks around. “Touchy-touchy, huh?”
The cook chuckles. It’s a dumb almost cartoony sound and Sam grinds his teeth and rolls a little more onto his side, arm shaking and lifts his palm at them.
“My fault?” Dean rolled his lips away from his teeth; “What the hell crawled up your ass!”
“Uh,” Dean chuckles nervously and looks at the security camera again. Punches a few buttons but they don’t take. Vivid dreams, Jesus. He’s never going to be able to sleep again, it’s like it’s written across his face in big curly letters;
Maybe Castiel heard him, maybe he could feel it too, but he stopped and seemed to tremble, the proximity of his body like a weight on Dean’s psyche. Then with a shuddered breath he shifted to the side and crawled forward. “Stay close,” He said over his shoulder.
Sam’s standing at the foot of the bed with his arms crossed and there’s a dead guy in the corner.
“Cas, OK?”
Dean cursed and shuffled over with his hand held to his chest, tried not to stare side long down the gaping maws of unexplored culverts and followed.
“Go—“
Sam shakes his head; “No… The angels need him for something, they wouldn’t let him die like this, Castiel wouldn’t let him die like this—“
Dean gave him a hard look, “But it was different. When Jesse brought him back it was different, MORE. I—I felt something. I… I felt what he felt and… And it freaks me out.”
He’d tried and tried and tried some more to dial it all back and couldn’t. “Cas… You should take some of this shit… It’s driving me nuts.”
Dean played his part, shuffled over and tried to put a stop to it, gave the biker a pleading look and turned his palms up. It was a familiar dance, they’d been doing it since Sam was sixteen and was tall enough and fuzzy in the face enough to pass with his fake ID.
If you don’t like it, you don’t have to come back. But you’ll get free cookies and coffee—And Annmarie is making a cake. It’s a nice group, really. I think it’ll do you some good to get together with people who know where you’re coming from.”
He’d never been frightened of his own behavior before, not until Hell. But now, since he’d been freed, everything seemed just a little bit frightening. Mainly it was the little things, the stray ideas and thoughts that crept into his head in the stillness of the night, or after a nightmare. Dean was frightened. Not just of what had happened to him, but of what he might do because of it.
Dean feels something in his chest twinge and he exhales, looks down at Sputnik and scratches behind his ear. She looks up at him with her head cocked to the side and one lower canine poking up over her lip. He shakes his head at her and heads toward the other elevator.
Jo stirs to wakefulness behind him as he’s searching. Asks Castiel what’s wrong but Dean speaks first; “Had to piss… Got a headache.”
Adler’s voice becomes calm, easy; “You know, all you have to do is give the word and I can have someone in here to help.”
“We get in the car and drive away—“
Dean climbs to his feet with a slow breath. His hands are shaking and he doesn’t exactly feel hungry anymore but Food is a good excuse as any to escape from this place for a little while.
“Not only can he heal Sam, but he could stop this. He could stop Lucifer and Michael. He could stop all of it.”
“Saint Imogen the Triumphant. Hundred-year-old old woman canonized to Sainthood the week after her death by a church in Nebraska which then disbanded two weeks later because the priest was caught playing ‘Doctor’ with the organist.”
“What’s happening, what did—“
Sam sits up and taps a passage in the book he’d been pouring over; “Maybe because it’s not about that.”
Dean turned, watched how Sam hunched under the blankets again and let out a sigh.
Dean shifted his feet against one another; “I don’t know… He’s not having much luck looking for God, so I—I was just gonna offer to help, yanno? And he looked at me weird then took off.”
“What about me?”
Sam watches him go; “Well, it takes a pretty powerful one to put a bag like this together. More juice than we’ve ever dealt with before.”
“And he never bothered to, oh, I don’t know—MENTION THAT HE HAD A FUCKING ANGEL SWORD?”
“Well… in labor mostly—”
Ellen’s fingers tightened on his scalp and Dean felt every muscle in his stomach and chest draw tight.
“So I’m gonna be like this forever?”
Castiel shifted his shoulders and crossed his arms, eyes locked on Ellen.
“And I suppose you’re going to teach me?”
Dean blinked at her slowly and turned to look at Castiel.
Dean snorted out a pathetic sounding laugh; “Oh, yeah. Time of my life.”
Castiel’s stolen skin was warm to the touch, smelled vaguely of soap and sweat and the interior of his truck. The bandage on his forehead was still in place, and Dean could feel the slight raised area beneath it. The rough scratch of stubble on his cheeks and jaw and the underside of his chin.
“Says you. You ain’t never been scalped before,” Bill muttered dejectedly and side-eyed Dean; “’s it look awful?”
“Cas got a cut on his foot, but he’s checked out already. And I don’t think you can repair my pride, so—“
Dean swallowed a lump in his throat. “Hey, uh—I can help with this stuff.”
Dean turns his head away and tries to choke back the sobs.
No. En-OH!
“I’m sorry.”
Dean shook his head, snuffed wetly and shook his head again. “No,” He pushed to his feet and grabbed up his duffle; “You have fun with Cthulhu Junior, I’m gonna go find my dog.”
He had yet another human face. Dean recognized this one, the cancer patient who’d taken his wife out for their twentieth anniversary just two days ago. He didn’t need to see the white eyes to know who it was.
“He really sick?”
“—Like a GIRL!”
You have too much time to think when you’re not the one in the hospital bed. When your time consist of sitting and waiting and watching with worry eating at your insides like some kind of ravenous intestinal parasite.
“So,” He licked his lips; “You been using your freaky ESP stuff?”
0-0-0
Sam scoffs and reaches for the gauze, starts wrapping his arm.
Dean looked down at her and snorted, scratched his head because talking to the dog had helped before, crazy as it sounded. Crazy as it made him feel; “Am I wrong about Cas? About this thing with Cas?” He wetted his lips; “Or am I just—just overcomplicating things because I’m scared? Or is this just a manipulation. Was it all just a manipulation,” He glanced toward the door and back to the dog, rubbed a twinge from his eyebrow. “I’ve got too much stuff in my head. I feel like I’m gonna pop—Like a zit or something… I can’t deal with it. How am I supposed to deal with this?”
0-0-0
but then you stopped. You remember that? You accepted it—you
Dean tried not to be freaked out about the whole BILLIONS OF GALLONS OF WATER FLOATING AROUND OVER HIS HEAD bit. The rest, well, it—it was nice to just drive and listen to the weather alerts buzz low on the radio while Castiel talked about the rain. Sputnik snored from the back seat and despite the chaos going on in the atmosphere, Dean felt calm, like maybe everything would work itself out and he and Sam would be OK.
“Are you offering?”
“You should eat more yogurt,” Sam said digging in his toiletries case for his medication. “Really helps with gas—”
The spell had been complicated. They’d needed the blood of thirty believers loosed by their weird knife and caught in their magic bowl fermented for nineteen days with some pretty rare herbs. The eyes of a non-believer burned to ash and mixed into the blood to form an ink, the skull of a murdered man onto which symbols were to be painted and the tongue of a virgin cut out during her deflowering.
Jo wasn’t much of a people person. Especially when she had already expressed dislike of the townspeople. She was, however, god at acting.
“I don’t understand—“
Older ATMs made a sound when money hit the tray, kind of like Sputnik’s kibble rattled in her bowl. Dean heard the first clicks and put the preverbal pedal to the floor.
It was like plunging head first into cold water.
He couldn’t open himself up all at once, mainly because he was still afraid of inundating himself with the unfiltered sensation of a demon’s aura. His mind rebelled at the idea, and his skin crawled; but carefully, like testing the waters of a murky lake, he let himself work deeper into it. Slowly the room began to fade out. The noise from outside became muffled behind a low monotone ringing—the echo of his own screams in the pit hushed and Dean could FEEL the demon scurrying around the interior of the room, like the flutter of an insect against the back of his neck, hungry and single minded. Its blackness swallowed all other color, all the joy and hope and energy of the boy it had killed.
“It was him, Sam!”
Dean flinched, like he’d been slapped. “No… He—“ He opened and closed his mouth, “I met him because I made a rash decision and—uh—this was kind of a parting gift.”
Dean tried to choke down as much of the coffee as he could but wound up tossing the cup out the window about two blocks from their hotel because the sweet aftertaste was becoming nauseating. Settled on stealing Castiel’s fries between bites of burger.
Dean itched under his skin; “I don’t know… I’m not hearing anything, you’re just—You’re thinking really loudly and I’m getting all this static!”
His voice came out thin, wavering, like a heat mirage; “Yeah?”
“That doesn’t make any sense… Why can’t you just accept that something GOOD happened to you and just—just say ‘thank you’.”
“Wouldn’t a razor be more efficient?”
By morning Dean’s temperature is normal again and aside from a general weakness in his muscles and an ache in his joints Dean’s fine. He blinks stupidly at the world and drinks the water Sam hands him without protest, nibbles at some crackers and swallows the stupid froufrou tea Sam forces upon him.
“That’s in there too, yanno,” Dean scoffed; “I mean I don’t know how this guy is doing it, but he’s doing it! I can’t see your face, but those are definitely your ‘brooding and pensive’ shoulders.”
His eyes were blue, as they had always been, but there was something—
“This isn’t working.”
Castiel feels it building and struggles to keep it pushed down; “You can’t tell him—“
Sam snorts.
Dean’s eyes rolled back and he gave his head a little shake; “I mean you don’t just stand there and STARE without announcing your presence. If I’d been armed I could have shot you in the face!” He turned back to the truck and made a steady right to left pass with the paint across the interior of the passenger door; “Like a goddamned floating head just standing there.”
Late lunch and Sam takes the wheel.
“I’ll talk to him tonight and I’ll give you an answer Tuesday… So he’ll have a few days to think about it.”
Sam flinches and claps both hands over his head, gives Dean a wounded look; “Jeez, what was that for!”
Dean is quiet for a long time, feels his heart beating, feels itchy and cut loose from his strings. Wild and floating free—He pulls the top most pillows off the wall and tosses them into the floor, finds Castiel lying there looking at the ceiling. “Cas?”
“I believe that metaphor is the closest you will come to understanding.”
“Obsession can go both ways, Sam… I remember being human, OK? And every time I gave you my blood I remembered more of it—I FELT more of it and it SUCKED ASS, okay? It really sucked, but I did it anyway because I knew it was the only way to stop Lilith and that’s how much I want her gone, do you understand that? I would have died for you!”
Sam tries calling one more time and gets nothing.
She’d been an annoying necessity before, but now… now she’s kind of grown on him, despite her dog smell and the dog farts when she gets dairy. She helps… She really does. And he doesn’t want something bad to happen to her.
Then there’s the voice. Barely audible, high and playful—mocking.
0-0-0
“Is that possible?” Sam says.
0-0-0
He presses up and specks—grit, tumbles between them into his face, gets in his eyes—BURNS and he can’t see, blinks until the tears wash it away and there is mud on his lashes. He can feel the splintery wood above him. It stabs into the pads of his fingers, pinpricks—little smears of blood. It’s wet, gives under his nails as he scratches. Rotting—Everything smells here. He can’t take the
He exhales and nods, but when he turns to thank her she’s gone.
“Do you know where the witch is now?”
Sam nods, shivers and nods again, feels a hot pressure rising in his throat, in his sinuses. Thinks of Dean lying in that cabin near death, of Bobby and all the people he’s met and saved. Thinks of what would happen to them if Lilith won. If the apocalypse goes on they would all die, not just die, they would be decimated. Tortured, possibly dragged to hell—
“He sent you into the future.”
Mr. Adler appeared just a few moments after Dean made it into his office and began looking through his drawers.
And there is a moment of realization, of epiphany as he stares down at his hands and the wet patches on the sheets. He isn’t enough. He isn’t who Dean wants and he never will be.
The Xuphrek roared and its skin went through a series of fluid color and texture changes. Hair growing and fading from black to white to bright orange with black stripes, skin wrinkling and bunching up into horns and talons and feathers in a rapid display.
They’re crushed together in the front seat of the car, Sputnik cowering in the back yapping excitedly at the window as they speed away.
Dean blinks, rubs his knuckles under his chin and looks away; “No… No, it’s gettin’ late, you’re right.”
“I have no idea how I did it.”
Sam takes the phone so Dean can sleep, pulls the dog with him into the bathroom for her weekly bath and puts the older hunter on speaker with the volume turned low while he scrubs Sputnik down.
It’s just barbed wire up top so Dean scales the fence, swings himself over and lands hard on the other side, winds up crouched there for a while with a hand on his side because it feels like he’s split himself open from armpit to asshole.
"Thank you. For everything."
"He said he had to put it to rest. Said that he had prayers he needed to answer."
Dean took a shaky sigh. "I didn't want you to be the one who found me..." it was vague no doubt but based on the hitch in Cas's breath, he knew very well.
"Yeah, uh. There should be a little purple box somewhere. I don't know where he would've put it but it's got like- birds or some shit on it."
"Well, Dean. I believe I might be able to help with that, if only for the night."
"Fuck, Dean..." Cas moaned and Deans eyes flew open. His eyes gaped at the angel for a moment before Cas furrowed in confusion. "What?" He panted, still thrusting and groaning softly.
"Yes. Well, him and Pamela. They're good people. If that's something you're interested in, I will certainly talk with them about it."
"Yeah, me neither." She said slinging an arm around Kaia.
They were both soft and rough like the caress of his hands. The subtle scrape of stubble making it all the more enjoyable. He sighed into the kiss closing his eyes and kissing right back. He had never been kissed like this before. It was passionate and strong yet so gentle it was almost like a whisper. He moved his hand up to Castiels waist and slid it up to the small of his back to pull him in even closer all traces of nervousness gone and replaced with lust. This blue eyed beauty was kissing him and that in itself was unbelievable. Castiels fingers carded through the hair at the base of Deans neck and the gentle touch left goosebumps in its wake. A shiver rolled down his spine as he felt Castiels tongue swipe the seam of his lips. He parted with a gasp and let Castiel explore his mouth. Castiels tongue was so unbelievably soft as it licked and swiped every corner of his mouth. He groaned into the kiss when their tongues tangled together, fighting for dominance. He gave up though and just melted into Castiel. He tasted like wine and cream. Soft and sweet like a pastry and yet there was a faint taste of marijuana that Dean smiled about.
"So what now?" Dean asked.
"Cas I have school in the morning. What's going on?"
"Baby, wake up. I'll make you breakfast." Dean grumbled something in response that he doesn't quite remember. "You're so beautiful." Castiel whispered petting Deans head."
"Yeah, I'd like to get a room for the night please."
"Fair point. I'll see if maybe I can get him into some lingerie. I feel as though that would make for a lovely painting."
"I'm gonna feel that tomorrow." He said and hissed as Cas finally slid free.
"Why the hell would we do that?" Dean asked.
"Hey!" Dean defended but he was smiling.
"Dean Winchester. I wondered when I'd finally get to meet you."
"Yeah..." Dean blushed.
"I love you too."
"Yeah.... there's only one bathroom. Am I not supposed to? Bad boyfriend etiquette?"
They took turns passing the pipe back in forth until the bowl was cashed and they were pleasantly clouded. Castiels head was pillowed on Deans chest as he traced circles on his abdomen in thought.
"That's the plan," Castiel smiled before reaching into the side table and pulling out a bottle of lube. "Good thing I put this here last time I visited."
"No," he said. "Fuck this guy. He can't talk about us like that, about you like that."
"Dean," Cas said turning to face him seriously. "I will never get bored of what we do. I love everything we do. We could go to gentle hand jobs and I would still be satisfied. I don't want more, I want you. Okay?"
"Nothing." Sam shrugged but kept grinning. After a short pause he spoke again, mischief in his tone. "Where's Cas?"
"Careful there you little monster," Dean said trying to steady her. "Don't want you to fall."
"Knew you would." Dean suddenly ripped off his headphones and buried his face in his hands and sobbed.
Dean and Castiel got back from their vacation about two weeks ago and things have gone back to normal for the most part. Only now Cas is always inspired. He paints portraits of Dean mostly, but other things as well. He paints a chapel in Sicily with crows flying above in the grey sky. He paints the Eiffel Tower highlighted with rainbow sheens. He paints a tousled messy bed with legs tangled in the sheets and rain on the window outside. He paints the ocean and a broken sand dollar on the shore. Mostly he's painting things he wants with Dean. In their future, things he wants to do and see with him. And the paintings are some of his best. Dean has always been his muse and he can't believe he ever tried to deny that to himself.
No alcohol.
“Lucid dreaming?” Dean wrinkles his nose, “Isn’t that where you—“ He motions vaguely to his crotch. “And you’re not ‘tapping’ me.”
The waiter, Castiel realizes his name is Justin and wonders why it took him so long to know this, brings over a tall glass of water with ice in it and a straw.
And Castiel withdrew. Dean felt it like a blanket being pulled away. Suddenly the room was colder and his body ached a little sharper. The angel turned his back and settled stiffly against the mattress, as much distance between himself and Dean as he could manage.
“You feel exasperated and on the verge of shouting.”
“What the hell does that have to do with anything?” Jo said, propping her chin on her hand.
He felt Castiel’s weight settle on the end of the bed and the TV clicked on, volume so low it was likely only Castiel could hear it.
“Basically.”
Couldn’t. He was both too nervous and too tired to sleep. What if he Dreamed again. What if he woke up with wet boxers and Sam staring at him.
There is kindness in those eyes, sorrow—self-righteousness. And cold, calculating intelligence.
Bobby rolled his eyes, “Alright, I get it, I’ll fix the damned toilet in the morning!” and he practically stomped back into the kitchen and took his seat at the table with a muffled grumble of irritation.
Two days later they found the portal.
“Whoa…” She took a step back from him; “What happened to you?”
“Dead?” He shook his head; “Burnt out.”
0-0-0
Dean sees it in the bright flare of one bulb bursting, the thick wooden beam they’d barred the doors with bows inward like it’s made of plastic—pops—crackles, SPLINTERS and the doors swing open wide.
She was a small demon, child like. Skin burned and cut, chunks missing where claws and teeth had torn through… But her eyes. Though those of the body she’d stolen were black, those of the demon she was were not. They were bloodshot and all too human. The grin that split her face was not and with a wave of her hand the heavy oak doors of the chapel slammed closed.
“No.”
Ellen scoffed, “Yeah, right… You still hunting that demon?”
Sam stared at her in shock—But in a blink he was back on that Beige chair and Jo was tumbling across his lap, groaning as she quickly chewed and swallowed.
Dean’s bed is stripped down to the mattress, all his blankets and sheets and pillows piled in the corner.
0-0-0
“Why the hell not! Did he sprout a second head or something? Emergency rooms can handle more weird than you think they can— It could be BAD, Sam! He needs a doctor!“
Sam answered the door with a gun in his hand, his eyes were wide and his hands were shaking, he watched as Bobby stepped high over the line of salt on the floor and dropped Castiel on the nearest bed.
It is ridiculously hard to catch the damned squirrel and when they do it bites Sam while he’s trying to get the watch off of it.
0-0-0
“That's where you're very wrong, you see,” He pointed to the oatmeal; “This tasteless goop is only doing one thing for this body right now, and that one thing is going to clog your toilets.”
“So, you’re saying your dreams are special visions and you’re some kind of psychic?”
Castiel’s lips compress and for a second there’s something else in his eyes, something maybe a little frantic but it’s quashed quickly and the angel’s shoulders shift like he’s shaking off snow. “That’s unnecessary.”
Castiel’s eyes were open wide, grace bright in the darkness, like the glow of lightning in distant clouds.
“I like you as in… as in I’m attracted… to you.”
Shapes covered over by layers of spray paint and hidden beneath piles of rubble. Something tingles in his skin and he tilts his head a little farther to the right, steps deeper into an alleyway and—
“Then don’t,” Sam meets his stare; “Just let me help. I’m strong enough to take care of myself—“
“And you don’t? I mean—come on! ‘Fiery demonic passion?’”
Dean stops not far from the cabin and stares at the overgrown ruin of the Impala. Feels his chest tightening up and his breath shortening. It’s like a magnetic force, like fucking gravity—he finds himself standing there where the driver’s door should have been, crouched with a hand over his mouth staring in at the mess. Part of the rear seat is still there, singed and melted and dry-rotted. All cracked and brittle and covered in dirt. There is a sprig of dry dead grass amid the mulch of decaying acorn shells and leaf litter. Like it’s grown there, the earth slowly beginning to swallow his baby down.
“Good talk? Good. Now let’s get the hell out of here,” He snatches up his bag again and smacks Sam’s shoulder as he passes.
“Okay, that’s it… You are going to obedience school,” Dean reeled in her lead one last time.
0-0-0
He wobbles his head, doesn’t lift it from the tabletop, continues to stare where his fingers are clenched in the ritual cloth.
"I like when you make noise, you know?" Dean said with a breathless chuckle. Castiel didn't know how to respond exactly so he just stopped trying to be quiet.
"You'd really do that?"
"Dean, I am a grown man... angel. I can go on a simple hunt. Plus I've already been back for a week. I'm fine."
"What do you mean?"
Dean and Cas pack quickly for their trip and then decided to go out for a quick dinner later in the evening. In the early morning, Dean wakes Cas up around four so they can head out. Castiel grumbles and is nearly impossible to get out of bed but eventually he manages with telling Cas he can sleep in his lap in the car. When the do leave right before five, Castiel pillows his head on Deans lap as he starts the long drive out. They make several stops for gas and food and it's a little after four in the evening by the time they get there.
Jo was packing the Prius when pulled up Bobby’s driveway at about half past one that afternoon. She lifted her chin to Dean in greeting when he climbed stiffly from behind the wheel, raised her eyebrows when Castiel shuffled around the truck wearing Dean’s flannel over his slacks. His shirt, jacket, coat, and tie slung over one arm, face flushed and scrunched in misery.
Dean hung there, suspended in warm PRESSURE and wept. He clutched at whatever this
Dean glanced to the side and found Castiel staring at him with one eyebrow raised, he glanced away in shame, and back again to hide the fact he was ashamed—then away again because he felt guilty; “What, like you’ve never had problems.”
“Hey.”
Sam nodded.
The skin is red and inflamed in wide strips from the nape of his neck down to the waistband of his jeans. Little blisters dot the skin halfway down his back and a few of them have dark cores across his shoulders. Some of the darker ones have burst and are bleeding.
Dean rouses slowly, doesn’t know where he is or what’s going on, doesn’t talk. He’s rattled, Sam’s seen it before. Dean has a damned thick skull and he’s not used to concussions. It takes a mighty wallop to give him one, but when it happens it isn’t pretty. He’ll respond to simple directions but if he has to think or is left alone too long he decides it’s a good idea to continue doing the last thing he remembers doing.
Jo came back down the stairs, boots making far too much noise for her size. She stopped at the foot of the stairs and watched it like a train wreck. She couldn’t see Castiel’s face from that angle, but she could see Dean’s; The relief and wet tracks on his cheeks. The way the pain showed through like light through all his cracks.
Ellen’s teeth clicked her mouth shut so quickly, and after a deep breath for time she started talking; “Bobby’s thinking about building onto the house… For Sam. He’s been bitching about wanting his den back and I saw him working on plans the other day.”
Dean motioned to the stairwell door to his right. “I’ll go sit in the car, maybe get some sleep.”
She was thin, almost gangly with a long thin nose and rose-gold colored hair.
“No… I just can’t shake this feeling like I don’t belong here… You know what I mean?” He exhales and shoves a hand through his hair; “Like I should do something more than sit in a cubicle.”
A brief flare of brightness ripples out from the angel’s core and for an instant it appears he’s going to simply vanish— Instead the shape of him seems to lamely glance behind himself, then faces forward again and it’s almost as if he pokes himself in the chest with one finger.
Dean had done a better job with it than Bobby would have, simply because most of the cars and trucks Bobby got running again went to hunters and most hunters don’t give a shit what their cars look like, as long as they’re older so there’s no risk of computers being tracked. Dean cared though. Dean cared a lot.
He DREAMS.
Rufus was trying to peel the Xuphrek off his arm and scare the thing down a storm drain, but it wouldn’t go, just kept wrapping its suckers around his hand or clinging to his boots. Bobby put an end to it, said he wasn’t staying in a hotel room with a damned tentacle monster and Rufus narrowed his eyes, sprinkled more hair onto the thing, pleased when it had assumed a more ‘normal’ shape. “Can you stand a dog?”
Dean rubbed his hair with his towel and let out a sigh; “Don’t worry about it, we’ll get you some odor eaters and they’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam rolled his eyes.
Zechariah leans back a little, hands folded on his stomach; “No more headaches, no more backaches. No more seizures.”
Dean missed Castiel. He knew it, denied it, and felt it all the more potent with each passing breath. His fingers sought out the familiar weight of brass dangling on a cord around his neck, and found it missing. He seemed to be able to FEEL the chilled weight of it in Castiel’s pocket. Maybe he was wearing it, maybe it had fallen out of the hole in that old coat he was wearing. Maybe those boots were rubbing blisters on his feet and Castiel was too scatterbrained to find ones that fit properly. Dean WORRIED about the angel, and his worry made him brittle, made him feel like he was all jagged edges, cutting himself with every breath and move.
Castiel’s face was scrunched in what looked like minor discomfort considering it was over a hundred degrees in the car. He rather unsuccessfully disentangled himself from Dean, which consisted of his hands burning into the skin of Dean’s waist when they slipped against his sweat saturated clothes and found flesh.
Sam nods but that line of tension doesn’t leave his brow.
Her head tilted in sympathy. She patted his hand from across the tabletop, “Yeah, I know.”
They meet in an abandoned steel factory outside of Chicago.
He paces. Back and forth, carefully scoots all the bones into one corner where he can keep an eye on them, shines his light back to Joe Barton’s remains to make sure they haven’t moved and tries the door again.
Some of it made him want to laugh, some of it made his throat burn and the urge to sink his nails into his flesh grow. Others made him uncomfortable and twice he closed the window only to open it again and force himself to keep reading.
Brewer pointed right at him and nodded; “Oh, he was a vampire.”
And Sam says it; “Because I’m not a demon. This is hurting you and I’m not going to hurt you like that.”
“They do Oktoberfest?”
Sam had been tempted to make a Viagra joke but something—he wasn’t sure exactly what, had stopped him. Dean hadn’t slept that night, he’d showered for longer than usual, come out with his skin red and raw from too hot water and too much soap, then sat against the headboard with his elbows on his knees just staring at the wall until morning.
“I’m OK,” He says it between heaves while Sam sits there and watches the cars pass by, tries not to breathe in or watch how his brother’s back tenses as he retches. Dean spits out a glob of mucus and gall then says it again like he’s trying to convince himself more than anybody else; “I’m OK.”
Bill sneered and thumbed a switch on his steering column. The blast was just this size of deafening. Like standing on a street corner with a semi-truck parked two-feet behind you hitting its airhorn just to be an asshole.
“I meant your—Jimmy. He’s not allergic to anything, is he? I mean, you’re not gonna eat French Toast and swell up like a balloon, are you?”
The glass breaks, pushed inward on the very sound waves assaulting him. The shards hit the floor, imbed themselves in his hands and hair and he tries to protect his face. At this point he’d go willingly as long as that sound STOPPED.
“Yeah… do you believe in them?”
“I’ll think about it,” She sighed and looked around the group then gestured with the flat of her hand; “What about Sam? How was your week?”
Three days seemed to pass like a week. Changing bandages and IV bags, taking Sputnik out for long walks because Bobby said Dean was worrying himself sick and the last thing he needed was to drop over convulsing because he didn’t take care of himself.
She cajoled Sam into doing the dishes while she made tea. Then shared some of her Pepperridge Farm cookies that she’d hidden behind an urn of phoenix ashes in the back of the spice cabinet.
0-0-0
The Other smiles and it is by no means attractive. It pulls his face up into something bitter and pleased and dark. “Funny thing… That grace we’ve got? It reacts to the same things Angels do.
“You—you know him?” Sam said, tried like hell to keep the anger and betrayal out of his voice.
“That’s it unless you want cream of celery.”
“I like you too, Dean.”
“Then nobody’s dying.”
His body reacted on instinct, either from fear or remembered trauma he didn’t know, but the hiccups returned, painful hard shocks from his middle that squeezed his stomach and made acid burn up the back of his throat. Castiel’s eyes were wide now, terrified and he was practically thrashing. Alastair was pressing his head down into the dirt—harder and harder and harder—
Zechariah’s grace is wrapped around it, preventing its erasure. Castiel isn’t strong enough to mend this hurt, as much as it pains him to leave it knowing what it means. He tries again anyway and pulls back quickly when Dean whines in pain.
Dean shook his head and took a long, deep breath, let it out and squeezed his hands together between his knees. “I’ve just had a lot of time to think and I… I think—“ He swallowed, “I think we need to talk.”
Dean needed to find a way to get some money… Fast.
“Well, Grim Reapers, that’s what they do, right? Schlep souls?”
0-0-0
Dean grunted; “Uh-huh…” He swallowed again, balled up his burger wrapper, “Well—I—I’ve gotta go. I’ll—Just let me know if you need anything.”
He swallows with a measure of difficulty; “You could say that.”
Sam had shown his brother the bottle when he picked it up. Dean had been sitting in the chair by his hospital bed in sweats, a t-shirt  and that ridiculous neck brace the doctors insisted he wear looking annoyed with the world, staring at the ass ugly purple socks they’d put on him with the white zigzag tread on them. He’d looked up at Sam, looked at the bottle and turned to focus on the corner again, like it fascinated him.
"Yes under the coffee table." Cas rolled his eyes. Meg skipped into the living room and Castiel came up to Dean handing him his lunch. His kissed Deans temple in the kind of way that gives him butterflies before nodding for them both to sit down.
"Gonna come back to bed?" He asked.
"Wait!" Jack said capturing the attention of all of them. "We should put it to sleep... for good. That way it can't try to take Castiel back."
"Hello." He said monotone.
"Assbutt." Cas muttered while chuckling.
"Open it." Cas smiled back.
"He can't afford to stay in France and has to move back by the eleventh. He was under the impression that, that meant you two had to break up."
"And what's in it for you?" He eyed Dean skeptically.
And now, Dean had never felt more complete. Never felt more whole. He loved Castiel, and Castiel loved him too. Everything was fine and perfect in a state of bliss.
"Why would he want to meet me?"
"Well my Mom, she would sing to me when it got bad."
"Why don't you go to the bedroom and get undressed, I'll grab the weed."
"Jerk." Sam stood up and held out his hand to help Dean stand with a smile. "I believe our lord and lady await."
"Shit." Cas whispered and smacked his palm to his forehead leaving red paint there as well.
Inias. Dean recognized the name. Gabriel had mentioned Inias the other night when Dean had said Castiel didn't want to date. He didn't say this though of course.
"I never used you, Dean. I just- I wanted you. Probably too much." Dean didn't have a response so he just sat there a moment. "If you wanted to do the exclusive thing we could."
Guilty as charged.
They all ate their spaghetti dinner, conversing with Jack about how he's fixed up heaven and now it's all together. He talked about how Bobby said to say hi to them, and how beautiful it is up there. But he said he was lonely and missed being around them, said they were like his fathers. Dean felt a little happy and sad at being referred to as a father, but didn't say anything.
"Did you like it?"
"I guess I'll just go jerk off in the bathroom then."
"Okay." Dean rasped, throat dry. Castiel worked peppering kisses over the insides of his thighs, nipping every now and then like he knows Dean likes. It didn't take long before Dean was plumping especially with Cas's soft lips and faintly murmured praise. Before Dean was expecting it a wet digit was circling Deans entrance. His body twitched and convulsed from the sheer promise of it before Castiels other hand steadied his hip. Cas shushed him before circling again, slowly working Dean up.
"What? What are you talking about?" Dean asked confused.
"So what? You're gonna be fuck buddies now?" Gabe smiled.
"You..." Dean swallowed. "You said fuck."
"What are you talking about? Dean dresses straiter than strait."
"I have money."
"You just go right ahead, sweetheart." Castiel chuckled low in his throat and the two began to lazily kiss and grind against one another, still clothed. After the hunt and the trip home, Dean realized that there are things he missed, that he shouldn't really miss. He realized that sometimes he wants what he couldn't, and loved someone he could. Dean kissed Castiel back as passionately as possible in his still sleep clouded mind as the moved with and against one another. "Fuck, Cas." Dean groaned clinging tightly to the other man.
"Never have I ever, taken it up the ass." All three Sam, Cas and Dean drank and Sam and Dean eyed each other for a moment.
Castiel waits a few minutes and almost calls before Dean responds.
Dean knew Sam was right but he wasn't going to give him that luxury so he just sighed and opened a book on the table. The three of them read multiple books for multiple hours with no breaks. Occasionally Eileen would take a break, make Sam and Dean some coffee or food if they needed it. Dean couldn't eat. He guzzled coffee like a mad man and forced himself to not even go to the bathroom until he physically couldn't hold it. His head ached from caffeine withdrawals every few hours when he hadn't had a cup. The bunker lights were both too bright, and not enough light to see.
"Sorry for interrupting." Dean said lamely.
Soon he got the hang of it and it went from simple shotgunning to kissing the smoke into each others mouths. The Sativa had made Cas relaxed and numb feeling while the effect it had on Dean made him very touchy. While Castiel was closing up the box once the roach was done, Dean was practically in Castiels lap kissing and biting his neck.
"What are you talking about? I have sex all the time." Castiel defended.
They studied for days until they finally had the successful list of all the ingredients they needed for the spell. They had almost all of them collected, but when it came to that one they couldn't figure out, αύρα, they still had no clue as to where to find it. So, of course, the Winchester brothers did something oh so very stupid.
Dean put on a cheesy apron that Cas had bought him at the end of January that said Embrassez le cuisinier or Kiss the cook.
He loved him and the child more than anything in the world.
"Do you want me to fuck you?" Cas asked breathless.
"You and Cas?!" He whisper yelled. Dean just looked over his shoulder at Cas who was tugging on his sling and looked back at his brother. He huffed a little laugh before going back to the dishes.
Death was leaned up against the bookshelf with a book from the J section in his hands. "Well, well, well. Howdy boys. Good to see you again. I was just reading up on your little friend, Jack."
"Nice." Dean said as Sam started the engine for his shitty Prius.
"Cas?"
"You wouldn't," Cas laughed and looked back at the road. "Also where is all this language coming from lately?"
Any doubts looming in Deans mind about whether or not he was ready to date again were shoved down because he had an answer. He liked Cas. A lot. They way he touched him gently and soothed away his fears. The way his lips and kisses stole his breath away. The way he draws at night when he thinks Dean doesn't know. His piercing blue eyes full of such tenderness and adoration, yet fierce and commanding all at once. Even the way Castiel smiles, the way it lights up his whole face and makes his sharp nose and eyes crinkle.
"I'll say." Cas panted. "Was that- I mean... was it okay?"
"What's that?" Cas asked.
"Cas," He murmured, the name coming out like a contented purr.
The mail still comes to Deans old apartment that remains empty for the time being. Dean tried talking to get the address changed to Cas's flat. Well, their, flat now. He ran into his old neighbor Edith and she wished him a Bonjor and told him to "Dis bonjour à la mignonne aux yeux bleus pour moi." Say hello to the blue eyed cutie for me. Dean smiled and wished her well as he got the mail out of his slot.
"He's not real. Nothing around you is real, except for yourself."
"Jack fixed it. Said it was the least he could do." Dean nodded and let out a sigh of relief. He sat up from the bed and pulled Cas to his chest in a deep hug. Cas hugged him back just as deeply before tilting his head up and placing a kiss to the corner of his mouth. Dean was only about two inches taller, so it didn't take much of a reach for him to lean down and capture the angels lips with his own. Soft, tender and electric as always. When Cas pulled away he tilted his head in that adorable way he always does.
By now Dean has gotten used to the fact that Cas likes to paint him. Hell, he even posed for Castiel once. But this truly took his breath away. The painting is a headshot from the shoulders up of Dean. But instead of it being a normal portrait there are black wings sprouting from behind and multiple rings and halos that actually look like they are glowing adorned above his head. Dean would almost be freaked out by the large number of green eyes that were staring back at him, but the painting was to beautifully done.
"So Dean, what do you do?"
Dean didn't know what do say so he reluctantly took his eyes off Cas who was pleasantly chatting with Sam.
"Of course I want to." Dean laughed. "I know I'm clean cause the only person I've slept with is you for the past five months, but I'll still go and get tested with you too."
"Yeah. A lot but hey, who doesn't have daddy issues?" He chuckled.
His soft pale skin practically glowing in the early morning moonlight. His beautiful feather tattoos shifting as he breathes and twitches in his sleep. He softly tousled hair that feels like silk between Deans fingers. For a moment everything faded into the background and there was just Cas. He walked over to the other side of the bed to place a kiss on his temple before leaving the bedroom. As he was leaning up from the kiss though he bumped Castiels sketch pad off onto the floor. He winced afraid the noise would wake him but he simply rolled over. If the people upstairs weren't going to wake Cas neither was Dean. As an after thought he took Castiels pad with him as he quietly exited the bedroom.
"Shitty, what's new?"
"I've never really thought much about it, but," he panted with a little chuckle. "They're hot on you."
A declaration of their love, marred deep into their flesh forever.
"Hm. I think we should celebrate." Castiel smiled running off to the bedroom with Dean chasing after him.
"Yes," he laughed a little in shock. "Okay you have a deal!"
"I want him to meet you." He whispered hoarse. Castiel had heard many things about Deans father. A majority of them about his drunken abusive tendencies, but Dean loved him. That much was obvious. He'd also heard happy stories about John that made Deans eyes light up at the memory. If John really was going to die, and Dean wanted him to, he would gladly meet the man who raised him for better or worse.
He'd always been a little suicidal. He just never did anything because he had a very low pain tolerance. He also was afraid of death. He didn't want to die really. And for a long time he couldn't have because of Sammy. If Dean left, then no one could protect him. But if Dean left now, who would protect, Cas? Against his better judgment he listened to the rest of the voicemails. Most of them sounded the same. Begging and pleading in a fit of tears. One was massively slurred so Dean could only imagine he'd gotten drunk. And the last one was unbearable. The last one just sounded so much more heartbreaking than the others. Even considering it didn't sound like he was crying much, he sounded exhausted. Tired. Like he wanted to give up. He realized he sounded like he did.
And it was going to be a damn good one.
Castiel pulled his robe on that was draped over the ottoman and tied it before catching his breath.
"Look, everyone is coming over tonight. Well, not everyone. But Donna, Jody, Eileen, and Garth are."
Thank you for leaving kudos
"Sorry." Cas hissed as well.
"You'll have to excuse my brother Gabe, I'm afraid he is a bit of a flirt."
"Seriously, I could braid those locks. I've dated chicks with shorter hair than you."
"It feels so weird to hear that as an adult?" Dean laughed kissing Cas softly. "It was fine. I got your mail."
"No I uh... I haven't been taking them."
"I'm dating you. That should be answer enough." He smiled. "I know. It's too hot for your precious skin, I'll turn it down." He chuckled. Castiel wrapped his arms around him from behind placing open mouthed kisses on his spine. Soft and comforting. Dean leaned back and sighed into his touch. He turned around in Cas's arms and kissed him deeply. Things weren't forced. They weren't rushed. They weren't even that heated, despite the fact that they were both wet and naked in a steel box. They were just being affectionate and loving. Healing is a great way to describe their touches. Castiel washed every inch of Deans body with soft loving hands and Dean returned the favor before they were both so warm and lax, they almost fell asleep standing in the shower.
"Yeah... but maybe like, in French."
"I missed you too."
"Castiel," he said trying to roll the name off his tongue. "Odd name."
"Well, I don't know. When I find out what true love feels like I'll let you know. But if I had to guess I would say it feels like you're happy and inspired. You want to be the best version of yourself."
By the time they made it to Ada county, they found out that they were hunting Dybbuk. According to Hebrew lore, it was a form of ghost possession. They found out the ghost was getting revenge on the boys he attended Catholic school with. The three priests who had already been killed, partook in bullying their fellow classmate named David. Apparently the men bullied him so bad, David took his own life. Dean had seen this a million times, and every few times, Dean thinks maybe he should just let the ghost finish his job. Put itself to rest. But that's not his job so he and Cas dug up to find out who was David was possessing.
Well, he tried to relax anyways. He really did. But there was too much going on. He stopped taking his medication and was lying to Cas about it. Castiel was letting him live here for free, just so he could take these meds, and he wasn't. But, Castiel was also the reason he stopped taking the meds. Because what if Cas decided that not having sex wasn't worth this? And of course his father. He's glad that John like Castiel- hell ecstatic he likes Cas. But now that the call went well, he realizes that John is a different man. A good man. The kind of father he always wanted growing up, and now he finally has that again. But he's about to lose it in a matter of months. He was graduating soon as well, and then what was he going to do with his life?
