Dean deals with the fact that Cas left him on the beach and devises a way that they could go out another time.
“To be happy and to be loved,” Dean answers. Dean pulls back from the hug so he can look into Castiel’s blue eyes. There are so many emotions going through them and Dean knows this is the moment he needs to tell the truth, “I love you, Castiel.”
I slowly make my way to the stage and search my mind for something that would not make me look like an idiot.
“I am sure that it is not a matter of him not noticing you, Dean. You have a way of entering a room and becoming the center of attention. Did it occur to you that maybe Castiel isn’t used to being noticed?”
“Alright, I will be waiting over there,” I say as I point to a section of the library not far away from the reference desk. “Come find me when you have the chance.”
“But I am fine,” Castiel lies. At Dean’s disbelieving look Castiel lies further. “I have a ruptured eardrum.”
“He was upset that everyone was making judgement about him without getting to know him, the real him,” Dean states easily. “And the real him seems like an awesome person, or at least what I have seen of it.”
Gabriel silently watches me for a few moments and just when I think he is about to leave or that our conversation is over, he opens his mouth.
“Alright. It looks like we agreed on the terms of this bet. To recap, I need to get Castiel to fall in love with me in six weeks and if I don’t I will do the polar plunge. But if he falls in love with me, you need to do the polar plunge.”
“Things just seem so much better when you are around,” Dean says, green eyes locking with blue. They stare at each other for several moments.
“Because no one ever wants to hang out with me, not without ulterior motives,” I state matter of factly.
Looking in the mirror appears to be a mistake because his reflection shows puffy red cheeks and a bleeding left ear. Castiel cannot even recall whether or not Naomi slapped his ear, but she must have for blood to be oozing out of it.
Dean can see the moment that Castiel’s eyes clear. “Dean?” Dean sees fear flash into his angel’s eyes. “Are you real?”
“But this isn’t about what I want, you know that. No matter how much I want to be with Dean. It could never happen. It can’t happen. I cannot risk it, my life and my happiness do not matter. And you know as well as I that if Chuck and Naomi found out about my feelings for Dean, they would make me disappear.”
“You heavily implied it and that is just as bad as saying it. Not everything in my life is dictated by my father or the Bible,” Castiel states, no longer able to hide his ire. “I am my own person, free to like whatever I want, no matter how much my parents don't like it. I am no different from you, so why are you treating me like I am?”
“I noticed, Dean.” Sam levels me with a look, one that I can only describe as pity. “But this is the first time I am hearing you admit that it hurt you more than you have been letting on.”
Dean has been praying to his angel best friend for months but it has all been in vain. Castiel never answers his prayers, never comes to see him. And while Dean understands that the angel has obligations to Heaven, he cannot help but feel empty inside.
Castiel’s declaration of love rang through Dean’s ears as he fought to keep the tears away. But he couldn’t. He didn’t even get to tell Cas how he felt about him before he was ripped from this world. And now the angel would never know the truth.
I make my way through the cafe to a booth and take a seat. It is my preferred seat in the whole cafe because it has the perfect view of the park’s gardens across the street.
Charlie lets out a laugh. “Well, I hope you do. I have read some of your poems and they are beautiful. It is a shame you are letting your talent go to waste by not sharing it with the world.”
“She is in love with him,” Sam clarifies. “She may not be willing to give you the information you seek. And she will be mad as hell when she realizes that you’re trying to take him from her.”
“Don’t do that Castiel. You put me back on my feet and have helped so many others in the process. You gave me the tools that I needed to start over and for that I will forever be in your debt. But it is not only me you helped, you impact someone everyday. I know that even though I am not there, you are still making donations to the homeless shelter, whether it is food or clothing. And I know that they are all appreciative of your kindness and generosity.”
“Not necessarily,” Sam starts, “from what I have heard, Castiel hasn’t shown any romantic interest in her or anyone for that matter. Play your cards right and you might be able to get something useful out of her.”
“No, I have schoolwork that I need to catch up on. I don’t know if you remember but I did miss two days of school.”
Sam looks at Dean and smiles, “Tomorrow is Sunday, we all know where he will be in the morning. We could meet at the church and form a plan from there. But I think Charlie is right, Cas will be more likely to accept the invitation if it came from Dean.”
“Since you are being honest, I will be too.” Cas moves his gaze to meet Dean’s, blue stares into green intently. “I have always felt a connection with you, Dean.”
I wait a couple of minutes before I open my door. Before I know it, I am rushing down the hall and am gently knocking on Cassie’s bedroom door. It is a secret knock so he knows that it is me: three fast raps followed closely by two slower ones.
I shrug feigning like I didn’t care. But the truth is, Cas is a nickname that I actually like; it is far better than the nickname all of my foster siblings call me: Cassie.
“I know I am,” I say. I move to place some ointment onto his chest wounds. “And that is why I have made arrangements for you to hang out on Saturday.”
“I am reading Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire,” Castiel says as he holds up the book so that the cover is visible.
“I mean he is the youngest of sixteen kids, his parents don’t really pay much attention to him. And the attention they do give him is not always positive. They put a lot of pressure on him and have his whole life planned out for him. After he graduates, his parents are sending him away to a seminary.”
“That is what makes this bet so interesting,” Ash responds. “Are you still accepting the challenge, Dean?”
“Hey Benny,” Dean addresses the man. Dean rises from his seat on the blanket and pulls the other man into a hug. “What are you doing here?” Dean asks as he pulls from the embrace.
“Winchester,” someone calls, pulling me out of my thoughts. I look up and catch sight of a blond man walking towards me. “We need to talk,” the man says with ire in his voice.
“Remember our bet, Dean,” Benny whispers into his ear. “Tomorrow will mark one week. And it seems that you are no closer to getting him to fall for you than you were when this bet started.”
“Oh,” I say as I look away from Dean shyly. “I used to attend private school. The dress code there was slacks and button downs. So, that's all I really have.”
“Thanks,” Castiel responds. He takes a bite out of his sandwich, “This is my favorite kind of sandwich. But I only like it if it is made with jelly, I am not to fond of it with jam; I think the jam ruins it.”
Before Dean can comment, Castiel begins to walk away. He walks up the path and is not too surprised when Dean doesn't follow him.
“There is. And maybe there is an explanation for why he did that. But you would need to ask him, not me.”
“Dean, wait,” Sam says, stopping me where I stand. “You need to know that you have your work cut out for you. Castiel is a private man. But if anyone knows anything about him it is his best friend, Meg Masters, though I do not know how much help she will be.”
I sigh and pull out my phone to check the time: 4pm. I know I should be heading home soon because I need to check on Sam. But I really wanted to stay to talk to Cas.
Cas levels me with a glare. “I am working right now, in case you haven’t noticed. We can talk later,” Cas says dismissively.
“No, don't apologize,” Castiel says, cutting Dean off. “Because I know you don't mean it.  You would rather hang out with your friends than hang out with me, I get it. I was just too stupid to realize it before now.”
“Maybe you are but I am not. I just want to go home and curl up with a good book, maybe write some poetry. I want to be anywhere but here.”
“You are going to get caught one of these days. Chuck and Naomi are wondering how I am properly taking care of my wounds, especially the hard to reach ones. They know someone is tending to me and are really upset about it. Please watch yourself.”
Ash leans against a locker and looks at me. “My weekend was alright. I just did the usual, get high and play video games til I remembered I had homework. Quite frankly, I am surprised I managed to get it all done this time,” Ash says.
Disclaimer: I do not own or have any rights to the song Simple Man by Lynyrd Skynyrd. The song belongs to it respective owners.
“I didn’t mention it earlier, but you have a lovely car,” I say as I gently run a hand over the car’s polished frame.
“I was thinking we could go to the cafe a few blocks over. They make a good cup of coffee and have wonderful pastries,” I answer.
“Baby is a ‘67 Chevy Impala,” Dean answers. “She belonged to my father and was passed down to me when I got my drivers license. She is my pride and joy; there isn’t any other car in the world like her.”
Dean could hear his phone ringing but ignored it, knowing it was probably Sam calling to check in on him.
And maybe Ash is right. When Lisa and I first got together I was happy and felt loved, but things changed. I cannot recall a time when I took Lisa out because I wanted to, not because it felt like an obligation.
“For years,” Cas answers. “Writing poetry is my way of dealing with things; it is a place where I can express my feelings.”
“I know you are thinking that I am praying for you to save Sam, but I am not. I mean, yeah I miss Sammy. And yeah I want him back. But I also made a promise to him. I promised him that I would try to move on and be happy. And I am trying my damn best to keep it.”
“Cassie, I do not care if I get caught. I cannot just sit by and watch them do this to you. I need to help you in whatever ways that I can. I have tried reasoning with them, but they failed to listen. I cannot sit and watch you in pain. If it is my last act tending to your wounds, then so be it.”
The loud purr of a car engine along with blasting rock music pulls me from my thoughts. My attention lands on the large black muscle car that pulls into the parking lot. The car comes to a stop at the curbside, the ignition cuts off, and the driver’s side door opens to reveal Dean Winchester.
If you are returning to this work, I advise you that a lot of changes have been made. It is probably best to start from the beginning.
“Meg, just because we are friends does not mean I will let you manipulate me into doing your schoolwork for you. The best that I can do is provide you with the tools to do the assignment. You need to do the work yourself.”
“It all depends on my motivations for writing and my mood,” Cas starts, “but most of the time, yes.”
“Are you certain he just wants to be friends? Because it seemed like he was flirting with me yesterday.”
Despite the pain it probably causes him, Cassie shrugs his shoulders. “Maybe. But that doesn’t explain why he asked me to go out with him, not just once but a bunch of times.”
“Not asking you out here, just asking in general so I know, alright?” At my nod, Dean continues, “Do you want to go out with me again sometime?”
But it was starting to make sense to him now. He could never love her the way she deserves to be loved because he is already in love with someone else, always has been. He is in love with the angel who saved him from Hell.
“Well, it is a hot Saturday, so I grabbed the gang and figured we can come beaching. Didn’t expect to see you here though,” Benny states.
“It was but we managed. I much prefer the life we have now - it is much simpler but full of love and happiness. And that is all I ever wanted for Sammy.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says. Dean takes a seat on the blanket and pats next to it, indicating that Castiel should do the same. “You want something to eat?”
“Because it wouldn’t change anything,” Cas replies. “It is better that no one knows their identity. But most of all, it is better for me. I do not want them to find out how I feel, only to have them pity me because they couldn’t feel the same. And I cannot have their pity. Because knowing them, they would go out of their way to try to fix it. But there is no fixing it, it is beyond repair. I am beyond repair.”
“Have you tried telling him that?” Gabriel asks with a raised eyebrow. “Because Cassie is under the impression that you want to be more than friends.”
I give my friends a small smile, grateful for their words and friendship. “Thanks, it means a lot to have you two in my corner,” I state.
“Castiel, are you going to read tonight or are you just going to be sitting there looking pretty all night like usual?” Charlie teases.
It was a hard transition for Dean to leave hunting behind. Partly because he has been doing it his whole life and partly because it made him feel connected with Sam. He has nightmare every night: of his time in Hell, of all the horrific things he has seen happen in his lifetime, or the faces of people he has failed to save.  And it seems the longer he goes without hunting the worse the nightmares get.
“Probably,” Cassie agrees with a smile on his face. And it is a genuine smile, one that I have not seen on Castiel for several days, maybe ever.
“I told you the other day, I want to get to know you better,” I say. And I am surprised to find that I honestly mean that.
“It is not the life any kid wants nor is it the life I would wish upon anyone. It’s quite difficult to make friends when you are only in places for a short time. Most of my life I only had Sammy. And before we moved in with Uncle Bobby, the longest we ever stayed in one place was a month, two at the most. All I ever wanted was a place to call home, a place for Sammy to have a life. I was used to moving around but for Sam it was difficult, he hated that we never stayed in a place long. But I am grateful for Uncle Bobby, he took us in and gave us a home.”
“Hey Dean,” Benny says, pulling everyone's attention off of Castiel, which he is grateful for. “How about we play some volleyball?”
I let out a sigh. “Thanks, I appreciate the advice, Sammy.” I check the time and stand to leave, “I will go now, so you can enjoy the rest of your lunch.”
“Lisa and I broke up. She told me that I wasn’t enough for her anymore and she was tired of waiting for me. Lisa even admitted that she has been cheating on me with someone. She left me for him,” I say.
I let out a sigh. “I just want you to be happy, Cassie. And with things the way they are right now, I know you are far from happy. And I have been thinking maybe Dean could be the one to make you happy.”
“That is a chance you are going to have to take, Dean.” Sam levels me with a look. “You think that talking to men is different than talking to women, but it really isn’t.”
My gaze shifts from Dean to look at my house. I try my best to suppress a shiver knowing what must be waiting for me on the other side.
Charlie chuckles, “Of course, I know Dean. He is like a brother to me.” Charlie levels Dean with a small glare, “And how long have I been trying to get you to come visit me while I am at work? Don’t answer that. I am just glad that you finally did.”
Surprise! I'm not dead. I've come up with a sort of schedule that gives me time to write around my classes, so hopefully chapters will start coming out a little faster.
But then again, none of them really knew what to do, not even Cas. This was sort of dumped on them all of a sudden, and throwing in the older Winchester’s life in the mix gave them no time to think, just to act.
“When, uh. When a seraph accepts his or her grace it doesn’t affect their personality or values in any way.” Cas noticed how Sam tried to restrain his grimace when he said the word seraph. It turns out Dean isn’t the only one having a hard time with this. Cas turned to face Sam before he continued. “I know this is hard for you both, but Dean is going to have a harder time accepting himself once all this is said and done. He’s still gonna be the same old Dean, remember he’s always been a separate species all his life you just didn’t know it until now.” Sam closed his eyes and took a deep slow breath as Cas finished his last sentence. “Sam, you’ve been brothers all your life, and no matter what you will always be brothers.” Sam bowed his head and let out a breathy laugh as his water line burned with tears.
“I’m afraid so yes.” Dean sat there he looked as if he was actually debating dying instead of taking his grace for a minute.
Roughly an hour passed before Dean's crying slowed and his breath evened out into sleep. Cas eased Dean into the mattress and slowly began to free the sheet out from under him. As he did so he noticed how peaceful and young Dean looked. His face was completely relaxed not weighed down by guilt and loss he had acquired over the years. He was also still partially curled into himself from when Cas was cradling him to his chest. He thought back to how safe he felt holding Dean to his chest. Given Dean was completely losing his identity that he had built up over the past thirty years, but he still felt safe knowing he had him there in his grasp. Cas has almost completely forgotten Sam had re-entered the room until he spoke up
"No, nothing in the supernatural or mental health department. So that means the parents are most likely gonna be a dead end, but it never hurts to check."
“Which is?” Dean asked with his eyes still closed. He and Cas exchanged wary looks and Cas spoke again.
He thought about what Cas had said to him before he broke down. They needed to find his grace, the rest it. Because he was- because he wasn’t human.
Dean got dressed while Samantha was doing her hair, Jeans, Flannel, and a utility jacket. 'Winchester chic' he thought to himself. Just then Sam walked out of the bathroom.
He thought whatever the hell was doing this to him was going to pay. He stripped the rest of his clothes and stepped into the shower, and let the hot water spray his back as the steam clouded his mind. He took the washcloth and scrubbed at his back. It hurt, which encouraged him to scrub harder. For some reason, he thought the more pain he inflected into his back, whatever it was that was mocking him could feel it as well.
Hearing Sam use that voice again scared him for some reason. Maybe it was because he only ever heard that voice before or after things started going to shit.
"Agent Stevens?" Sam said turning completely toward Dean, him and the coroner sharing the same concerned look. Finally, Dean couldn't handle it anymore and passed out "Stevens!" Sam yelled rushing toward Dean to catch him before his head collided with the floor.
"Yeah I'm sure you got a rash through your clothes, and  we put you on thereafter you passed out for seemingly no reason."
Dean didn’t know if he was being serious or not given their situation, but it didn’t matter right now.
“Dean, ya gotta eat something you didn’t eat anything for breakfast or at the diner. I can just order a pizza or something.” Sam asked. Dean kept his eyes on the awfully patterned carpet.
“I mean how is it possible for Dean to even have grace at all, I mean he’s not a Nephilim. Is he?” Sam asked. Both Winchester boys looking at Cas with scared pleading eyes.
His back tensed and caused him to almost completely straighten his back. The shift in his position hushed the talking between the two in the kitchenette, but they resumed talking moments later. He gingerly rolled his shoulders under the duvet, careful not to draw their attention.
He reached his hand back and touched the area. It didn't feel any different, it wasn't buzzing or cool like it felt in his head. His skin felt warm and still under his fingertips. He pushed the base of his palms deep into his brain stem and leaned forward till his head was in between his knees. As he moved it felt like his whole reality shifted with him.
They had gone over this with Cas ad nauseam,  that Dean was still Dean and that wouldn’t change. But Sam knew his brother. His brother who had spent his entire life under the illusion he was human was becoming a seraph today, and if he didn’t he would die. And he didn’t know which was worse. He didn’t know what becoming such a powerful angel in such a short span of time would do to his brother.
"Dean I- I didn't know you were a, um. . . " He let his words trail off, vaguely gesturing at Dean with his hand.
Tomorrow everything was changing. Even if Dean was only changing physically, it was still going to be extremely hard on him. A few moments later, Deans had tired out into sleep. Cas still didn’t move. Cas looked up when he heard the key being put into the door. Sam walked in and stopped his tracks when he saw the scene in front of him. He was completely still for a couple of seconds before he gave Cas a questioning look. Cas could feel his face immediately flush with color. “Um, hello Sam. . .” Cas said trying to speak around the lump in his throat. Sam raised his eyebrows and nodded.
"That's not all, the blood was in a perfect circle around her, and they never found what she used to cut herself. The official death certificate says the cause of death was bleeding out but there was no blood found on the arms or shirt, and the only wounds on the body were her slit wrists."
“Dean soul in preparing itself to accept his grace, it has already pulled out a thin strand of it from the town’s atmosphere,” Cas said casually as if it were nothing. Dean’s blood ran cold a took a shaky breath before asking.
“Sorry, Sammy. But hey, I’ll probably still feel you and your support wherever we go. It’s hard to get rid of you.” Dean said, trying to provide solace.
He shuttered at the thought that was now a fact.  He leaned against the cool tile. His back itch so badly he wanted to set it on fire. It felt like he had wood splinters digging themselves deep into the muscle of his back. He got up and dug a flask out of his toiletry bag. He gently reached a hand back and touched the skin on his back.
“A-“ Cas stopped himself from saying seraph because each time he said it the Winchester’s looked as if they had both been stabbed. “People like Dean can only pick up pieces of their grace if they are within a 100-mile radius of a crypt.”
“I’m going to go look at Miss Brennan’s body. If my suspicions are correct then you have no case.” Without another word, Cas disappeared with a flutter of wings. Sam turned to Dean and his hands curled into fists at his sides. Dean felt that he was pissed, he looked pissed too.
"Dean, that’s impossible. Humans can't heal themselves." The way Sam eyed him when he said the second sentence sent chills down his spine. The fact that he used the word ‘human’ made him feel that much more isolated and completely alone. He slowly looked up tears starting to burn his lower lids, he couldn't lose his baby brother. Not Sammy.
"Dean, I don't know but she has ripped and blistered skin all down her back on both sides of her spine."
"Dean whatever caused Ashley to kill herself is now happening to you." Sam’s worry, stress, and anger buzzed violently in the base of his skull and spread through his head to his temples.
"Dean we have to talk about this, if it was really a spell of some sort wouldn't everyone who's handled the body is affected and not just you."
'Weird' he thought it felt more like a mass than just swelling. How the fuck can something grow so large and so strong in such a short amount of time. He reached back again and pushed down hard with his index finger.
"Yeah, but it's not blistering and shit." He said rolling his shoulders, damn his back was starting to itch just talking about it, or maybe it just never stopped.
"Yeah, no it's fine, I'm fine. I'm just gonna grab a shower and clean this up." He said waving his hand at the left side of his face. He grabbed his duffel and claimed the bathroom door behind him.
“The first night we got here it uh, it just sort of happened,” Dean said he could feel his heart in his throat.
“He said he wanted to give you as much time as possible to process everything that’s happening.” Sam cut himself off before he said ‘to you’.
“You are fine Dean, I just wish I could have been of aid. Your first time shifting your consciousness into a different plain must have been disorienting. I’m actually surprised your doing this well.” Dean simply shrugged and looked down at his feet as he kicked the worn carpeting.
Dean said sheepishly scratching the back of his neck. He could feel his cheeks warm up, 'Son of a bitch' he thought. 'I'm acting like a seventh-grade girl talking about her crush.'
“No, Dean, I’m sorry. If your wings existed on the same plain that mine do demons and angels would know what you are.” Cas said giving Dean a sympathetic look. Dean silently nodded and put his head in his hands.
"Dean, you passed out and almost broke your skull open on the floor. Something is going on with you so spill" Sam said handing him a bag of chips and a bottle of water. "Eat."
“Sammy, l . . .” Dean weakly started letting the words die-off on his lips. What the hell was he even gonna say to Sam?
Sam hesitated for a moment lowering the gun a couple of centimeters. Before his anger reignited and the gun was back in Dean’s face.
“How the hell am I supposed to hunt with wings, how the hell am I supposed to go out in public with wings?”
"For a walk, so I don't shoot you," Dean growled as he slammed the door behind him. The motel they were staying at was just over a hundred meters away from an empty lot. It was probably going to be something before the town was finished, but they must have run out of funding. Now it was just a plot of red clay surrounded by a falling chain link fence and illegally used as a dumping lot by some of the locals. There was old furniture, leftover building supplies, and a car that must have combusted in the Nevada heat. He thought back to how at the bar he was praising whatever was doing this to him, whatever gave him this 'ability'.
Dean didn’t resist. He leaned into the touch and curled up against Cas’s chest. As soon as he did he started sobbing. He was finally letting himself feel the events that had unfolded through the past three days. Cas just sat there with him. Cradling him and whispering Enochian comforts into his ear.
"I guess I'm just excited about ganking a witch, to get my mind off- nothin’." Dean cut himself short
'First with the ringing in my ears, my back fucking itching like crazy, and now I've got whatever the hell this is.'
Some fucking gift he thought. He probably never would have lost his cool if he didn't feel his anger plus one. He could still feel Sam from the motel room, this time he wasn't even trying. He could feel Sam as strongly as he could when he was standing right in front of him. The same buzzing rage that festered in the base of his skull and stretched to his temples had calmed down to a low vibration. His biceps began to burn, he raised his arms a looked at them. He also started to feel a little winded. He laughed and threw his head back. He laughed out of frustration since he was already pissed at everything. Sam was doing push-ups, Sam was doing fucking push-ups to calm himself down and blow off some steam and Dean could feel every fucking every bit of it. He just wanted to feel alone in his god-damn mind again.
“All angels have wings. You will most likely have three pairs. A pair to protect your face. A pair for combat, and a pair to protect the rest of you. The pair that protects your face will be the smallest. The largest pair being the set you would use for battle, and the pair that protects your torso and legs will be somewhere in between.” Cas said finally meeting Dean’s gaze. Now, this was news to Dean. He would not only be stuck with one pair but three fucking pairs of feathers. Three!
Dean rolled out of bed and walked over to the counter. He found he wasn’t tired what-so-ever. He rolled his shoulders and cracked his neck, trying to work out some of the discomfort. He could feel Sam’s eye on him as he did the movements. Dean poured himself a cup of coffee out of instinct, despite not needing it.
“In order to withstand an attack from an archangel, you would need to be stronger than them,” Cas said still scared to meet Dean’s eyes.
He was tossing and turning for a good hour after he had gotten into bed. The buzzing settled after Sam fell asleep, to the point where he could barely feel it. Which allowed him to really feel the other force from the first time.  This time it was stronger, pulling and nagging at him to come and find it. He pulled his pillow over his face and growled into it. He flipped over onto his stomach and pressed his face into the lumpy mattress.
Dean balled his hands into tight firsts. He was ready to punch someone, he needed to break something.
“Dean, I am sorry. I have not been entirely honest with you.” Cas said not meeting his gaze. ‘Damn straight’ Dean thought to himself but played along anyway.
‘Wings’ He thought to himself ‘My brother is going to have wings. That I can touch and see.’ He thought to himself. He put his elbows on the table and rubbed his hands over his face.
“Wait Cas, I’m sorry. Are you telling us Dean was born a seraph?” Sam said barely able to wrap his mind around the fact that, Dean his older brother, the man who had hunted supernatural creatures with him had been a supernatural creature all along. Cas glanced at Dean before turning back to Sam and answering.
"Ah- damn, what happened? How long was I out?" Dean asked looking at a worried yet mildly pissed Sam. Sam sighed and helped him off the metal slab.
He was taken aback for a second especially because the thought came out of literally nowhere. He didn’t even know what it was, or what its intentions were.
Dean looked at the floor by Sam’s feet trying to decide how to break it to his brother that he was a freak.
"And they tell why our girl Ashley kept going to and from the desert," Dean said absently scratching at the back of his shoulder with his thumb.
“Yeah okay, I’ll be here I guess,” Sam said, taking a step back and locking eyes with his older brother before Cas teleported them out of the room.
“When they come in it may take a day or so to get the hang of them, but you should be able to fold them into your back under your skin,” Cas said in a reassuring tone. Dean had never been so fucking relieved in his life. Now that Dean was a lot less stressed he was curious as to what his wings would look like.
Dean opened the door with a six-pack of beer in his hand. Sam peeked his fuzzy head out from under the covers to see who came in. Sam was laying on his stomach with the laptop propped up on the pillow, he had open some museum website or something like that. Sam felt like he had only been up for about half an hour before Dean arrived.
“Yes Dean, I shall return momentarily.”  Dean shoved his clothes into his duffel and crammed his toiletry bag on top of them so he could force the zipper shut. The feeling in the room was tense. Dean could feel anger coming off of Sam, but not the rage from a few minutes earlier. He thanked Chuck for that. Cas popped in not a moment later.
“What? No. No! Stop that. stop that right now! Nothing happened last night because nothing is going on.”
"Alright fine so get this, this girl, Ashley Brennan, moved into town about four weeks ago. Everyone she talked to for the first week said she was fine, perfectly normal. Then they said as the days went on she seemed to mentally deteriorate. It sounds like it was slow at first then gradually picked up the pace as she started nearing her death. It says her neighbor, Mrs. Jennings became concerned after she didn't see Ashley leave the house for three days. And when she went to check on her she found her lying on the living room floor on a pool of blood with her wrists slit and crossed across her chest like a mummy."
"Why not?" Dean said pulling a metal ruler like tool out of his suit jacket. He slid the ruler in between the passenger window and door and jiggled it until it sild left and they heard a 'click'. Dean opened the passenger door with a self-satisfied smirk. "Shall we?"
Sam and Dean walk into a well-decorated house that gives off a warm homey feel to it. And for the outside of the house looking so old the inside seemed pretty nice. The walls were painted with light warm colors, and the floors and ceiling were made up of solid dark oak that was heavily polished. The furniture matched the floors solid dark oak with a heavy polish. The decor consisted of Native American style vases, blankets, cushions, and a few masks placed on the wall. Among the warm desert-like decor were cameras ranging from old polaroid cameras to the newest Canon models. Behind each of the cameras on the wall were pictures strewed up on a metal wire and held on by clothespins. Dean took a closer look at some of the Polaroids and saw she had written coordinates and a date on each photo, he assumed that was when and where the picture was taken. After a few moments of looking around Sam piped up. "All these Native American artifacts look legit. We could be looking at some kind of curse maybe even a ghost."
“Dean?” Sam said short and sternly, leaning up out of his chair. Dean sighed and closed his eyes before he answered.
"No, I think the shower really helped." The warm water had just barely relaxed whatever was going on with his back, but it was enough so that when he pushed on it, it had some give.
“Dean, I’m saying you that shall be stronger than an archangel.” With that Dean fell silent.  When Sam had told him he was in a state of shock, disbelief. Hearing it from Cas, an actual angel made it all real now. He sighed and put his head in his hands. Cas spoke up again. “Dean, I am sorry. I wish I could give you more time-“
“Hello, Dean. Sam,” Cas spoke nodding towards each of them in acknowledgment. “I felt the both of you were awake. I came down so we could begin searching for Dean’s grace as soon as possible.”
He felt Sam start to drift off, the Sam hadn't gotten much sleep since the hunt started. He pulled out his phone and text Sam.
"Yeah, are you?" Sam said eyeing him. He felt a pang of suspicion, nowhere near as strong as the worry but still there. Alright, so he could use the gift to hide the gift.
“Only my brother is allowed to call me that.” Sam snapped. “And if you have any hope of being left alive he better damn well still be breathing,” Sam said hovering his finger dangerously close to the trigger.
He scooped them up and threw them in the trash, ringing the towel out in the sink. He sat back at the table across from Sam, who was anxiously rubbing his thigh.
This is why I added the Empathic!Dean tag. I know I say this every time but I'm hoping chapter 6 comes out soon!
"It's just itches, I probably got a rash from when you put me on that weird autopsy table thingy in the mortuary."
“People like Dean, um. When they. . . “He couldn’t bring himself to continue this has already been so hard on the brothers and was probably going to get harder, so they needed to know. He took a deep breath and continued. “When Dean accepts his grace his wings will finish developing, but-“
“That’s still a lot of land Cas,” Dean said he was looking in between them with his eyes glazed over. He couldn’t even think about what Dean was going through. He could barely comprehend it himself, and it was physically happening to Dean. He also knew how much Dean would try and deny this, but he can’t. Cas hesitated again before speaking.
“No,” Sam said curtly. “One more thing.” He said as he turned back to the same duffle bag and brought out a flask of holy water. The identical match to the one Dean used last night.
“Okay, let’s do this then.” Dean declared getting up and standing in front of Cas. “No, use dilly-dallying right?”
“Your face.” The buzzing of Sam’s thoughts began to warn ‘Intruder’. It was subtle; like the little bubbles that form in a pot of water while you’re waiting for it to boil.
Dean shot up in bed. His head snapped to the kitchenette to see Sam smugly sitting at the small table with a cup of coffee.
“Yes Dean, a from of angelic grace. Congratulations.” Dean ran both his hands through his hair and pushed himself further onto the bed as his mind panicked and spiraled out of control.
Almost immediately Dean felt Sam slip into a light sleep, and the buzzing went from a buzzing to almost a fog, or and cool mist.
“Dean!” He heard Cas call him which snapped him back into his body. He made a move to stand up and fell over, his back was so stiff and sore. He got up more carefully and unlocked the door. Slipping out the bathroom door and leaning against the wooden door frame. Cas stood there staring at him, his expression both shocked and confused. They stood like that for a second before Cas finally spoke again. “Dean, did you just come in contact with my spectral from?”
Slowly like it was any other muscle in his body. The buzzing became more prominent but didn't hurt. He soon heard the quiet sharp ringing in his ears again. He began to panic a little, the last to times this happened it had been debilitating. He relaxed more, gripping the edge of the chair, he slowly let in the noise. He didn't fight it. The noise swelled and got louder, but this time it wasn't sharp. It almost sounded like someone dragging their finger along the ring of a wine glass.
“Okay?” Dean said slowly. Sam gave him a look that said Dean was supposed to know what he was implying. “Sam I-Shit,” Dean said, remembering that he fell asleep in Cas’s arms. He honestly hadn’t expected Cas to stay.
"The dude's busy, from what he tells it sounds like heaven is still in shambles and the angels are still in broken into factions."
The muscles all along his back felt like they were completely seized. He rolled his shoulders forward but it still didn’t help.  He rolled his shoulders back and held them there for a second before rolling them forward nothing helped it. All the movement must have caught Sam and Cas’s attention.
“Really Dean, then what the hell was that reaction from Cas? And I don’t know if you noticed, but he also heavily implied that you may no longer human.”
Dean sat in the middle of the empty booth with his hands folded in his lap making him look small and tired. Dean just sat there fidgeting and shifting, looking at Sam and Cas with wide anxious eyes.
Sam looked up at him with confusion and curiosity before asking, “Wait, you can feel me? I- I thought you could only feel Cas?”
Dean woke up to the smell of coffee and the sound of Sam typing away on the computer. He was too busy furiously researching to notice Dean was awake until Dean got up and started moving around.
“Sam I didn’t even know what the hell it was! It was just happening completely out of my control! No warning, nothing!” Just then all the lights in their motel room shattered sending sparks everywhere. Sam was left dumbfounded for a moment, and Dean trying to get a handle on the amount of power surging through his veins. In a flutter of wings, Cas was out of the motel room and back in less than a second.
He weakly reached a hand behind him and poked at his back, and the skin turned white under his finger. His skin felt tense and hot under his fingertip. He rolled his shoulders and he could feel his muscle oppose the motion as pushed back against his shoulder blades.
“Dean.” That was all Cas could say. He quickly closed the space between him and the human- no, the seraph. He sat next to him on the bed and wrapped his arms around the shaking man next to him.
“Sam I know this is a lot to process right now, but I need you to listen to me. Dean will die just as Miss Brennen did if we don’t locate his grace.” Sam put his elbows on his knees and ran his hands through his hair. He sat like that for a few minutes and meet his watery eyes with Cas’.
'What kind of mojo was this witch using to leave an effect that strong on a body like that?' Just then he saw Sam coming out of the building.
"Oh, yeah. Just let me phone the doc and you can go right back, agent."She said tucking the black cord phone in between her chin and shoulder. She punched in the number with the back of her pencil and hit call. After two rings the doctor picked up.
“How is that possible?” Cas felt Sam swirling with question after question. “I mean both our parents are human right? And if Deans a seraph or whatever won’t that make me one too?”  Cas felt a slight tinge of fear under Sam’s words, scared of also losing his illusion of humanity.
Sam let out an impressed chuckle. So, his brother can in fact sense him. He thought to himself as he typed his reply.
“Cas said, well you know how Angels and stuff have ‘true forms’ and all?” Sam watched the blood drain from Dean’s face as a controlled horror swept across his features.
His back had swollen out about an inch from what it was this morning. He sighed and took a long pull from his flask. Rolling his shoulders he could feel the hard mass in his back that was causing the swelling. Cas’s words echoed around in his skull. Cas’ plan. What the hell would happen to Dean once they went through with it. Fuck he might as well try this on his own one last time before they watched him do whatever it was he did.
“Um, no Dean. But I feel it won’t be as drastic as your wings.” Cas said. Dean had been doing good throughout the entire conversation, but he couldn’t help but cringe at the words ‘your wings’.
“No, I would like to think your grace is not that different from an angels or archangels. When you reached out for my grace the other night I was able to recognize it as angelic origin, so going off of what little information we have I would like to say it works similarly. And as you’ve proven the other night as well you already have some idea of how you can use it, so I am confident we will be able to find Micheal’s crypt in time.” Cas said, from the sound of his voice it sounded like he was trying to put this together as they went along.
“Damn it Sam! For god’s sake, I’m me!” Dean said. “Here,” Dean said giving Sam his bare forearm. “Test me.”
“Honestly Sam, I know you want to help and support your brother through this process, but I don’t know if there is anything you can do. I myself am not even completely sure how to help in this situation.” Cas responded.
"Okay." Dean felt the worry subside some, and he was glad Sam stepped off. The poor kid would be even more worried if Dean had told him the truth. He decided to change the subject. "So I know it's a stretch, but maybe it's a tulpa?"
'Dude, you haven't slept much since we started this case. Why don't you get some rest while I'm out?' He felt Sam jump at the sound of the text, it took a couple of seconds before Dean's phone finally buzzed.
What the hell was he gonna think. Dean? Physic? What the hell was this? Shit, shit, shit! Sam can't know he won't know. Not until he finds out what this is. Once he knows what it is, he'll get rid of it, and if he can’t then Sam will know. He won't be happy about it, but it's better he doesn't know.
“Awesome, so we’re just gonna wait around till I self-destruct then?” Dean said, waiting for Cas to finish his thought.
“Dean.” Cas started not exactly knowing how to continue with what he was saying. “You, don’t understand,” Cas said sitting on the foot of the bed next to Dean. He turned his body to face Dean, putting a hand on his shoulder in a vain attempt to provide comfort. He could feel Dean’s grace quivering and trembling inside him like a plucked cello string as Dean became hyper-aware of its presence. He sighed and began again. “Dean you- you were never human to begin with.” He said straight and true. There was no point hiding anything from the green-eyed seraph in front of him. Before he could speak again Sam spoke up.
"Dean-" the buzzing gave a small pang of frustration that surprised Dean for a minute he hadn’t expected the connection to stay. He heard Sam sigh over the monitor. "Dean, do you remember how you were scratching at your back in her house?"
Just then the second entity pulled him out of his thoughts. It felt like a phantom touch after someone pulls their hand away. He felt fairly drawn to it. Its energy felt oddly familiar. It didn’t seem harmful in any way so Dean ignored it, he needed to find out why he could feel Sam in his head.
"No, I'm not hungry" When Dean said the last two words he realized he hadn't eaten anything since last night, sometime around eight. And he still only ate half his burger, and it was a decent burger he normally finishes it even if it's not that good. He wasn't hungry even in the slightest, he felt like he had just eaten an hour or two ago. What the hell was wrong with him?
Sam and Dean pull up to a decent looking Victorian house with deep red and green earth tone, wood siding. Dean pulled over in front of the house and shifted gear into park.
“Well, it’s just the way they were created I assume. As I said earlier seraphs were created to protect the angels from Lucifer and whatever he could conjure up. And as you know Lucifer is an archangel. It would be hard for them to protect mankind and angels if Lucifer could smite them where they stand” Sam nodded along, Cas watched his Adam’s apple bob up and down in his throat. Sam’s eyes were red and swollen now. Sam looked over at Dean and then meet his eyes again.
Sam had honestly had never taken Dean as bi, or, pan or whatever. (He also never took him as a ‘super-angel’, but that’s neither here nor there.) He truly didn’t care. He was just upset that Dean had never told him about him and Cas. Sam turned to close the bathroom door not missing the soft kiss Cas placed on Dean’s hairline. He smiled to himself and shook his head as he stepped into the shower.
“Cas, how the hell am I supposed to hunt and let alone leave the bunker if I have wings?” Dean said. The panic from earlier flooding back into his system. “Three damn sets of ‘em”
'Poor kid' thought Dean. He could feel how tired he was from six miles away. Holy shit, he could feel Sam from six miles away. He could feel him pretty damn strongly too. He thought back to when he was alone in the motel room while Sam was at the morgue. How alive and electric everything was, it was so surreal. It overtook every one of his senses, everything was so pure. He wanted to feel all of it again.
“It’s hard to say, I’ve never seen a seraph’s wings before,” Cas said cocking his head and looking at the empty space behind Dean’s shoulders.
“What if I don’t, what if I just want to stay human?” Dean said. Tears already threatening behind Dean’s eyelids. Cas’s face fell. It’s probably hard for Dean to accept this new identity, and being raised in the hunting lifestyle was not helping.
Okay so a few things before you read this. As I was writing for some reason I can’t write Sam and Dean having a conversation without it escalating quickly. Also something to just watch out for while writing this I somehow managed shift the third-person-limited P.O.V from Dean to Cas about half way though and didn’t feel like rewriting it, so hopefully it isn’t too confusing to read. Enjoy <3
"Yeah sweet cheeks I've noticed, it's nothing I can't handle. Plus once we kill the damn thing I bet I'll be brand-spankin’ new."
“Cas, How the hell am I supposed to do this.” Cas closed his mouth a solemnly took it in for a moment.
“Cas, remember when you were telling us about angels true from?” Cas looked down at his hands and quietly nodded as Sam waited for him to continue.
"I'm not laughing, let's find the and witch kill and 'em. It's probably the only way I'll get better."
Sorry about the complete radio silence for months, but I hit literally the world's worst writes block. I got some encouraging comments that allowed me to at least get out this small chapter. I hope I’ll be able to get more soon enjoy!
The buzzing that Dean was beginning to associate as Sam snapped from a sense of confusion to danger real quick.
"Dean I'm just worried about you. And I know something is wrong, so don't bullshit your way out of it."
"Alright, you son of a bitch. Whoever you are, whatever you are, you’re doing this to me for a reason, so why don't you just tell me?" He waited for a minute then cracked one eye open and looked around.
“Yes and no. Yes, both of your parents were human. No, you are not a seraph like Dean. A seraph’s celestial entity is like a caterpillar’s chrysalis. The human soul of a seraph is like a chrysalis, it’s only there to get them to their end-stage of life unharmed. Then the seraphs grace pulls them out of the chrysalis and it is no longer needed. My father created them like that so that they would be undetectable by both demons and angels. Michael would take the soul of what would be a human child and remold it so it could have its own grace once it was ready to accept it.”
"Ah, well here she is. Nothing special." The coroner opened the small metal compartment and rolled out the body. Now Dean had seen his fair share of dead bodies in his lifetime, hell he even has a body count of his own. But for some reason, Dean couldn't handle it. The body didn't make him sick hell he barely glanced at it, but the second the coroner pulled out her body his head started spinning, his ears started ringing again a painful ringing, and his peripheral vision went blurry. He pressed his palm against his temple and took a step back. The room was spinning faster and he was seeing black dots the ringing in his ears was getting higher and sharper, and damn it was really starting to hurt Dean thought at any second now his head was gonna explode.
“I am sorry Dean. I wish I could have given you more warning or time, the both of you. To be completely honest part of me is just as scared as the two of you. The only information I had that you two did not was the fact that a Seraph existed and what it was. I am, as you say, ‘making this up as I go’, but I will make sure to the best of my ability that I make these events occur and painlessly as possible,” Cas shared.
Dean sighed and flicked the EMF reader off, they had scanned the entire friging house looking for a cursed object and found squat.
He closed his eyes and took another deep shaky breath, and turn to leave because with Sam’s anger and his coursing through his neurons he needed to be alone at least physically.
“Cool, Dean you hungry?” Sam asked. It was a seemingly innocent question, but a shadow of shame came over Dean’s face. “Dean?”
“No Dean! I thought once you start developing these kinds of abilities you tell me and not just brush it off!”
Sam sighed, rolled his eyes, and turned back to his laptop. He looked exasperated, dean glanced at the clock on the coffee table between the two twin beds '1:48 am' it read in red LED numbers. They pulled into town around half an hour ago found a 24-hour diner for some grub and a cheap motel. Once they walked in Sammy got right to work.
? Trickster- could be an actual trickster this time around, but we haven't had any signs of a sweet tooth.
"She was a witness in a case a few years back and we're just making sure all the proper paperwork is in order," Dean said, he was over eager to look at the body and kill some witches. He despised witches, fucking hated em'.
“Dean, Sam, and I are both here for you. When you accept your grace you will still be the same person-“
Dean sat on the edge of the cheap motel bed, finishing off what was left of a BLT. Sam had found some vengeful spirit or poltergeist case he wasn't really listening. Not that he could his ears were ringing, not painfully, they were just ringing. It was probably from him blasting music from Oregon all the way to Nevada. Yeah, that's definitely what it was.
He is helpless, too, to keep from feeling a sense of triumph. As he writhes, trying to get Dean deeper, he sees in his mind a much younger Dean, locked in this same pose with another, smaller, softer body.
There's no flutter of wings, not anymore. The thing walking behind him has no need of them. The only announcement he has of its presence is a second set of footsteps not quite in rhythm with his.
A few days later, Cas had almost convinced himself that his parting words were forgotten. That Dean had excised them from his memory, whitewashing the events of Cas’ sacrifice, turning him back into the chaste, self-abnegating creature he pretended to be. It wouldn’t be the first time Dean’s need for a truth had created it in his mind.
“So you think we should just let some fang run around?” Dean has turned to face Sam, still leaning on the map table.
“Yeah but… Cas, he doesn’t let you leave without supervision. He doesn’t let you go out in public, or talk to anyone, or…” Sam seems to run dry in defeat as he watches Cas’ unchanging expression.
Cas smiles up at him, throat working as he swallows around the barrel of the gun that’s meant to kill him. Dean’s breath is shallow.
The universe freezes around them. Instead of crickets and rodents and his own movement, a ringing like angel voices presses into Dean’s ears. Dean could swear that he sees dust motes hanging in the air, just over Cas’ shoulder. Perhaps time truly has stopped.
Afternoons are the only time when Cas must exist for himself. Dean is aging, and always retires to his room for an hour or two after lunch. He has never allowed Cas to follow him - Cas knows that he fears any appearance of weakness, and he does not want anyone to know that afternoon naps are starting to become less of a luxury, more of a necessity. Regardless, Cas can smell sleep on him when he returns (and if he doesn't, he prepares for a Bad Night). While Dean sleeps, Cas uses the time to allow himself emotions that he knows Dean would never countenance.
He avoids Sam and his judgemental looks and his obvious pathetic distress. He can’t handle Sam’s problems right now. Can’t even handle his own. So he sneaks from Bobby’s secret stash, and he drinks in the garage, or the basement, or the Impala. And he breaks down.
“It seems uncharitable to reject the angel you dragged down from heaven as defective.” The voice has not changed. No new emotion penetrates it. Dean can hear that eternal little smile.
Dean rolls off him, breathing heavily. Cas reaches over to stroke his hair, feeling as he moves the wet stickiness of Dean’s mess sliding out of his vessel, beginning to cool. He could disintegrate it with a thought, if he wished, but he actually enjoys the grossness, the physicality of it. And he likes it when Dean marks him as his own.
“What? I didn’t- that’s not what this is about, Cas,” he says, and there is a slowness in it, like Sam is approaching a wild animal. Cas supposes that that is, in a sense, what he is to Sam. To a human. A half-domesticated feral creature.
“But they didn't. I was simply… fertile soil. It was you who planted the seed of free will within me, Dean, I just nurtured it until it bore fruit.” Maybe there is a change in the voice. A breathiness, perhaps. Or had that been there already?
with cattle blood.” Dean’s eyes are narrowed now. Cas offers Dean his own beer, but it takes a second for him to notice. When he does, he swipes it out of Cas’ hand with brutal swiftness. Cas can’t keep himself from licking his lips as Dean cracks the top and takes a swig.
Dean asked him, once, guiltily, if he had even moved while the brothers were gone. Cas had, of course, lied. But now he always makes sure, a few hours before the Winchesters’ return, to create a small, insignificant mess in the Dean Cave, or the library, or Dean’s bedroom, in order to give a more human appearance to his waiting, and alleviate Dean’s concerns.
This little fantasy lasted until Dean pulled him aside after dinner one evening. Sam had retired to his room; was, Dean said, “calling that new girl he likes so much.” Cas had wondered if he meant Eileen, or if there’s someone else in the picture now. It didn’t occur to him to ask. He would find out in time.
“Well, first of all, I'm not gay. Jesus, buddy, you can't just say shit like that. Dudes don't talk that way to each other.” For a moment, Dean is talking to a friend. Is remembering talking to a friend. A friend he can chide and teach and mentor and mold. It's nice, for just that moment.
Sam continues on, oblivious: “It’s just that the other day, I found a room full of pictures of him, and candles, and those candy bars he used to eat-”
Now, after years of struggle with his newly minted individuality, all he can feel is that overwhelming need to become one with Dean, to become a part of him, to be consumed by him, to be in harmony again. Cas wonders if this is the closest any angel has ever been to the object of its worship.
Cas did not ask the Winchesters where Jack was, because he had a feeling that that would be a Hard Question. He didn’t want to lose his welcome quite so soon after getting it back.
“I mean the kid was- Oh, hey, Cas.” Sam’s composure snaps into place as he looks down, and he smiles in his apologetic way.
Cas likes Dean best like this: after they make love, exhausted and still wanting. These are the times when the anxiety that seems to nip at Dean’s heels all hours of the day and night melts away, and Dean shows a softness he doesn’t normally allow himself. When under cover of darkness he lets Cas touch him, comfort him, without shooing away Cas’ hands. Lets Cas kiss his neck, and bury his face in Dean’s shoulder. Lets Cas love him.
“No, no, I get that, but… I just- he doesn’t let you leave the bunker, Cas.” Sam sighs, seemingly in relief.
the Colt, drool spilling from the edge of his lips. Cas’ eyes stay locked on Dean’s as he tries to take it deeper. Dean’s skin is hot.
But they are, and terribly so. He has taken as a lover the man who killed his child. If he could save his child, he would give anything, even consigning the said lover to the child’s fate.
“Hey- hey Cas,” Dean panted, breaking away for a moment. “Cas you’re- you like men, right?” Cas squinted at that. Wasn’t their current pose answer enough? But Dean barrelled on. “You’re- you like guys, so you want to be the girl, right? You can be the girl, and I can be your guy?”
This time he makes it in the kitchen. Dean knows he drinks tea sometimes - the brothers call it tea, but Cas almost never actually adds the teabag. It’s the experience of drinking straight boiling water that he enjoys, not the extracted essence of tea leaves. Cas pulls the electric kettle out of the cabinet, and places a single mug on its side in the sink.
“I know, and I get that, I’m sorry I pried and I didn’t mean to, but I just wanted you to know I’m here for you. I mean, he was my kid too, and Dean’s, but he was yours most of all, you were closest to-”
So he plays the part, and runs. Runs from Sam, who killed Jack as much as Dean did. Runs from his own words, which still ring in his head. Runs from the contradiction that he lives in and can’t stand.
“For one thing, I never once stuck my dick in you,” Dean says. “...Least as far as I can remember.” He shivers, thinking about that hospital room. Standing over the bed, watching him press a hand to her forehead.
Cas was lost. He must have. Something was wrong with his… perceptions? His human language capacity? His interpretation of the words? He- this wasn’t-
Sam and Dean arrive home after the sun has set. Cas waits at the bottom of the staircase. When they come in, Sam looks upset. Dean’s face is stony.
Like Anna, she gave him her experiences. But instead of one moment as Dean’s lover, she showed him a life built as Dean’s woman. With a home. With a child. (She also showed him a home destroyed and a child harmed, but he had paid no attention at the time.)
“I- Look, I’m not asking if you’re, I don’t know, unhappy dating him, or something. I just mean… I know you’re new to this kind of relationship, and it’s not exactly like Dean has been on a lot of second dates. It can be… tough to figure these things out. And it can be tough to work on stuff like, I don’t know, setting boundaries.”
Dean himself was standing. Gripping the back of a chair, leaning over it, as though there was something he needed to see more clearly on the other side of the room.
Waiting is simple for Cas. He is still, by his essence, an angel, even if he has long worshiped the wrong god. The absent-yet-alert mental hibernation of an angel awaiting its orders is something easy for Cas to access. It is perhaps the only part of him left that is still a soldier of God. Or perhaps more accurately, a soldier of Dean in the way he had once been a soldier of God. He has been so twisted and warped by… well, everything, that it often seems strange to call himself an angel. But waiting - for orders, for the apocalypse, for God - that’s something angels were created for. It’s something Cas is meant for. Waiting for Dean in the bunker is only a half-step to the left of what he was intended to do with eternity.
is perhaps a strong term. But he sits before the small altar he constructed in a disused room of the bunker, and he lights the candle that he had to disable the smoke detector for, and he stares into Jack’s photograph, and he prays.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam says. Cas stops in his tracks. He is making his way from the library to his secret shrine. He has no excuse, no reason, no explanation for why he is in this particular hallway.
Cas doesn’t even wince. His throat works, swallowing that one down, too. And the next. And the next and the next and the next, as Dean empties the whole impotent clip into him.
He can’t hear Sam and Bobby, but he knows they’re there, waiting just outside. There’s nothing they can do, but, well. It’s still nice to have the backup.
Cas isn’t sure what he did wrong, on that first hunt, but since then, Dean doesn’t invite him along.
her.” Dean starts walking again, this time with a purpose, anger lengthening his strides. The footsteps behind him keep pace.
, only the song of the holy host, and the angel Castiel as a single member of that vast chorus. He only perceived himself during those few terrifying times he had by some accident fallen out of harmony.
house, he knew exactly what it was he wanted, even if he could not say it. He nearly lost dominion over his vessel when she reached out to hold Dean’s waist as he thrust into her.
“Cas,” Dean starts, his eyes closed, face lifted skyward. “Cas, would you- Cas, can you come down here? I know you said we’d never see you again, but…” Dean stops, puts his head down for a moment, takes a breath, and resumes. “I just wanna- I just wanna apologize. For not trusting you. You’ve done a great job with the- with the world. You’ve helped a lot of people. And that- that never would’ve happened if we had our way. So I’m sorry. And- and thank you, Cas. For everything.”
He thinks there might have been a glimpse of something. A robed figure, with a hideous, pockmarked face, and a horrific, distended abdomen. Perhaps.
“That’s not- Okay. That’s another thing I’ve been meaning to talk to you about. You know you can… talk to us, right? About stuff that’s upsetting you. About Jack.”
On the TV, Dallas and Leeloo made love in the recovery chamber, and the credits rolled. Cas nestled closer to Dean.
Dean knows Cas is choosing to leave these things as they are. He wonders if Cas will depict himself like this on the next stained glass window.
Cas watched Dean as he bit his lip and glanced to his left, the opposite direction from where Cas was sitting.
Dean kissed him, holding his face with both hands and taking. After a short moment rendered motionless, Cas had no choice but to fist both hands in the thin fabric of Dean’s t-shirt, and give as good as he got.
Choking, icy relief filled him at the thought. They really could just go back to the way things had always been. Never having to speak of it. There would be no irreparable crack. No schism. Only more of the same.
Grace pools in every part of his vessel Deal touches. In his collarbone, under Dean’s lips; in his shoulder, under Dean’s hand; in his guts, where Dean penetrates him. Everything that makes up
When Cas stumbled into that basement room, his first reaction had been confusion. He wasn’t meant to be awake. He had promised eternal sleep to the Empty, and it had promised him the same.
Cas’ favorite type of evening, however, is when Dean wants to go for walks. In the darkness and loneliness of the woods outside the bunker, Dean will hold Cas’ hand. The absolute isolation allows Dean to be a little more free. The eyes he seems to feel don’t extend all the way out there. Once, he swung Cas around on an impulse and kissed him against a tree. Dean is never so spontaneous, conducting their life on a rigid schedule, within rigid boundaries. There is something freeing for him about being alone, outdoors, and Cas reaps the benefits with pleasure.
“I never truly thought…” Cas looks around the room, turning, a leisurely curiosity animating his features. He lifts a finger to his lips and rests it there. “I assume this is some sort of trap,” Cas says, and Dean’s throat closes. “You're not the kind of man to apologize.”
And after, he composes himself and returns to the bunker’s kitchen, readying himself to become Dean’s once more.
They’re in bed. He’s on top of her, and she is writhing and keening and scratching up his back. As she moans her head turns. For the first time Dean - not the Dean of the vision, but
Dean doesn’t hunt so much anymore. It might be because there is simply less brutality in a post-Chuck world. But Sam still seems to find hunts for himself.
“Okay. Okay. I just mean… I’m really happy for you and Dean. Like, I’m glad that you’re together now. I know you’ve had feelings for him for a long time, and I’m glad that you finally get… a happy ending for yourself.” Sam looks down. Cas is suddenly frozen. There is a “but” coming.
The first time the three of them went out on a hunt together after he saved Cas from the Empty, Dean had seemed to draw into himself. He was angry. Touchy. He didn’t touch Cas or talk to him beyond the required, and he didn’t meet Cas’ eye once. When a random civilian tried to speak with him, instead of charming them, he would snap, or brush them off. When, once they were back at the motel, Cas tried to stroke his hair to calm him, Dean shook him off with a short,
