"The blogger?"
Senator John Boynton (D-NY) has been awarded numerous accolades: the Congressional Gold Medal, the Wallop Howard Leadership Award, the title of Tony's personal nemesis. He doesn't know he and Tony are nemeses, but that's fine; Tony has always been more than capable of constructing a narrative without any awareness from the other involved party.
At 6:03:33, Tony discovers he can access the electrostatic venting procedure meant to discharge any excess energy he can't absorb and convert with the suit. Steve has both hands wrapped around the armor's wrist; he's clawing at Tony's fingers.
was there."
"What's your plan here, boss?" Friday wants to know.
"Is this part of building yourself into a better man, Tony?" Steve wants to know.
"You know what I could never figure out," Tony says, "is how when I drink, it's substance abuse, but when he drinks, he's opening himself to the higher mind."
"I'm not here to talk about my relationship with Steve Rogers."
TS: Can you get Cora a copy of this interview?
VP: You can touch, hear, all his life support equipment with your mind. He wouldn't have wanted this, Tony. You could turn it off. I would never know. It's what he'd want. There's no reason to drag this out and make him suffer.
Tony builds a symphony of justification. The first movement goes like this:
In a subjective sense it feels like months since he was last in Avengers Tower. He's been spending time in D.C., time in his workshop, time in the loft in lower Manhattan. The tower is empty. Carol has her own apartment; Jan has her own penthouse. Tony isn't sure about the rest of them. They aren't a team, not really. All they are is a holding pattern, a suggestion that might one day evolve into a functional whole.
PASSIVE MODE //
means only that he must rededicate himself to self-abnegation. The armor helps. He can take a lot of abuse in the armor. One day he'll manufacture an armor so flawless he won't even feel it. He'll build himself into the suit; he's on his way already.
"My records indicate you were… sleeping," Friday says. "But boss, you're the only one who can override my records."
HO: And the delay isn't because Stark Industries is trying to control access?
Tony immediately banks back towards the city and lays on the speed. "One of ours?"
After the sixth blow, he sucks the blood from his teeth and chokes out: "What are you waiting for?"
"I barely talk to James more than you do," Carol says. "Tracy isn't talking to me. My best friend is a fugitive who wouldn't spit on me if I were on fire."
JK: That's it? I expected more of a fight. Glad you're being reasonable.
"What's the survival rate, Maya?"
Sam Wilson pushes his way through the crowd and says, "Steve, what are you doing? We're
He gives a lecture at Cal-Poly—big symposium, he's the featured speaker because of course he is, and they want him to talk about micromunitions but Tony wants to talk about Extremis because he
At last he disassembles the bones, the lunate and triqueturm, the metacarpals, the distal and proximal phalanges. He sorts them by size and lines them up beside his nails on the worktable in front of him, working one-handed because his other hand has been broken down and set aside to be studied and then discarded. Now the real work begins, the fun work, the work of construction. He doesn't waste time perfecting the osseointegration of bone and implant, because soon enough he'll be nothing but implant. He doesn't fine-tune the artificial nerves; his new hand is wireless.
"You can't blame yourself, Steve. That might be true, but we have no way of knowing, and you know how much I hate saying it, but—maybe he was right. He sees things that other people don't."
Tony sets aside his tools and stretches in place on his stool. His back pops. It's a release. It's nice. "And what did I do to deserve this pleasure?" he says.
. Always a step ahead of him, that's Maya, who sees no problem with selling her oldest friend down the river if it meant releasing her panaceia three years earlier than the correct channels allowed. He knew how she benefited the first time; he doesn't understand how she's benefitting now.
He's clearly there with his team responding to the distress signal just like Tony and the rest of the sanctioned Avengers. Of course he is; Steve's a hero. An idiot, but a hero. He's clearly there to help the guy behind him, the guy in a standard-issue worksuit with fire licking up his leg. Tony can't actually smell the odor of cooking flesh through his suit's atmosphere, but it's there in his nose and mouth nonetheless.
And then Friday breaks in. "Avengers alert, priority one," she says. "Breakout at Ryker's Island." She throws a report up on the window; one of the news stations already has a helicopter on the scene, although they won't for long if they keep circling that close to Graviton. "Instigator unknown."
"Don't call it that."
What is he like? Tony hasn't let himself wonder, but the Doctor Yinsen he knew was a good man, a great man, a humanitarian and a pacifist, but a realist, too. Tony still misses him, sometimes, when it's late and he's alone; he and Yinsen used to talk for hours, for days, holding discussions that meandered in and out of the more important conversation of survival so elaborately they would have been opaque to anyone else. Tony wants to talk to him again. Maybe it's only the illusion of forced intimacy that he misses, though; maybe Yinsen wasn't as accepting as he seemed. Maybe it was only that Tony felt he could finally, at the end, stop pretending.
Please let me know if I can help in any way.
Maya, desperate as always for recognition, rips Tony's communicator out of his ear. She takes part of the ear along with it. The pain hits him in a white-hot flash that eats away at his existence, that eats away at him even though part of an ear is nothing, certainly nothing that should hurt, absolutely nothing he should miss.
ROGERS: Tony.
"Is it that much of a surprise? I sold it as a super-soldier enhancile. Those are the magic words—the DOD fell over themselves to break me out and give me money." Her eyes drift to somewhere over his left shoulder. "I wonder what Steve Rogers would think of that."
The tempo's off. Better try again—
No. That can't be true. It isn't right. Tony built the armor to protect his heart.
"All right," Reed says. "Since you're asking."
"I told you," the kid says—
TS: Be nice, not all of us have enough biographies to fill a national library.
STARK: That feels like a trick question.
The articulation of movement as he sits up is transcendent; a hundred thousand processes and a hundred thousand seconds go into merely dragging his constituent parts together, bracing a forearm against his stomach, and leaning forward. "We're running out of time," Steve reminds him, but he lets Tony take the laser cutter from his hand.
DAEDALUS: We can still be rigorous.
And he dreams.
DAEDALUS: It looks like jewelry.
He's long gone by the time Tony makes it back into the building. The rest is clean-up, not easy but no longer fuel for nightmares; Carol and Jenn had already guided most of the people present out of the building, and even Tony's armor doesn't carry enough suppression agent to fight a fire of this scale. Time to hand it back over to the professionals. He meets up with the rest of the Avengers on the north side of the building. Jan and Natasha are talking to a fire department official. Danvers is standing to the side, arms crossed while she stares out into the night. She looks pissed.
Another grunt.
"Uh-huh. And how is Madame Hydra?"
At the time, the Avengers had been offworld, providing an assist to NASA by installing monitoring equipment on Mars. Most of the equipment had been proprietary technology of Stark Industries. Tony knows how that looks. He knows that it's been a slow news cycle. He knows that people who are caught up in grief and fear want a convenient target to blame. He knows that part of the reason the story's still getting attention is because it happened so close to the city the Avengers call home. None of that stops him from wanting to ruin the reporter who tried to suggest that any of the blame is Steve's to shoulder.
Here's how you know Tony Stark has the moral fiber of mayonnaise: this right here, this act of merely walking into a room containing the hollow shell of a man who more than once saved Tony's life, this is the hardest thing he's going to do today, and it's the hardest thing he's going to do tomorrow, and it's the hardest thing he's going to do in a week that includes jailing people he loves and crawling into bed with people he hates. Tony Stark is a black hole of conviction. He does it, because Happy deserves better than Tony, but nothing about it comes easy.
about it, but the damage couldn't be forgotten, couldn't be unlearned. Tony couldn't expose himself like that. Stark men knew better.
"Right. That Smithsonian appearance?"
"Good?" Tony prompts.
What's going on six miles beneath Tony's feet is that three of the local peacekeepers (that's the SRA's term) have gone missing. Not at the same time; Captain Ultra vanished four weeks ago, Gadget a week after that, Paragon two days later. Gadget wandered back into the local police station barefoot and drugged out of her mind thirty hours after she disappeared and apparently retained no memory of what had happened to her. The other two have yet to turn up. Tony figures they're dead and buried in a cornfield. But there's a pattern here—
soared over Midtown last night alongside an unidentified woman who appeared to have no trouble keeping up with them. We're putting a pic below, so tell us in the comments if she looks familiar. (Ren thinks she looks like Knightress—remember her?— but Jamie isn't so sure.)
How these factors might affect his performance I cannot say, but I strongly recommend he receive some kind of regular psychological care. If you can convince him to come talk to me, so much the better.
Tony jerks. It probably isn't visible from the outside; probably the armor absorbs it.
"Done," she says. "No more Registry. There's a reasonable facsimile in its place, but it won't hold forever."
"Okay," Tony says.
"Good. Anything else?" Hill asks.
Reed glances up at him and then away.
Steve may not be the
"Yes," Tony says again.
Lithium; or how he said yes.
Little Lila Rhodes looks like her eyes are going to swallow the rest of her face. The press likes to paint Tony as a showman, but what he really enjoys more than performing for a crowd is performing for that one person in the audience who not only appreciates but
They crack the hatch while he's still staring at Steve. Tony doesn't resist. It's not worth the effort.
And then he pours the bottle of whisky down the drain. The smell lingers. It's rich and sharp. Deep enough that he can imagine the weight of a mouthful. When the bottle is empty, he breaks that, too. It takes him a while to find a broom and dustpan, but eventually he locates them in a cabinet by the sink. He has to make three trips to the trash can before he's sure he swept up all the glass shards. When you can't help anyone else, the least you can do is clean up behind yourself.
He catches the kick on the meat of his forearm, grabs Steve's ankle with his opposite hand, and yanks. Cap overbalances and corrects with the kind of elastic agility that makes Olympic gymnasts look clumsy, but it's enough to prove to Tony that he might have a shot. A year ago, going up against Steve like this would've been suicide, but now, the new Tony—Tony 2.0—he's strong enough to move the mountain.
SR: My pleasure, ma'am.
Nobody suspects. He doesn't hint around it. You'd have to be an expert on the subject of Tony Stark—you'd have to have made a study of him, you'd have to have watched him, you'd have to have loved him absolutely to understand the subtle, intricate pattern of behavior that sketched the shape of all the things he hid. You would have to love him deeply, even when loving him hurt; and like all worthwhile endeavors, loving Tony would hurt very much. You would have to love him willfully and faithfully; and maybe, if you loved him long enough, if you made a study of it, you would begin to understand that nobody hated Tony Stark more than Tony Stark. It would be a long, thankless task, loving him like that; you'd have to love him broken heart and all.
, just to avoid the growing terrible suspicions that take root in his head. He gets a thought in his mind and he just—can't—let—go—
"That defense always holds up in court." Three people are dead. That guy Steve was trying to help, he might lose his leg. What else can they do but joke about it?
"Even you can't control everything, boss," Friday says, a blithe dark spirit. She holds all his secrets. He hopes he keeps hers as well as she keeps his. "All those revisions came too quickly from too many different quarters to have been effected after the fact, though. You were plantin' seeds in senators' ears."
TS: There's another concept known as the "bleeding edge." Not just the most developed applications, but the most visionary, the most prescient. The kind of innovations that eventually become the cutting edge, after the risk recedes and the cost-efficiency is proven.
Maybe he shouldn't have told them yes.
. Reed understands. Maya Hansen understood. Tony wishes he didn't.
Steve frowns. "I don't like the
"Keep your head up," says Steve, who thus far has been relentlessly silent.
TS: Jack.
They want to flagellate him with Steve? Let them. Tony has borne those lash marks for more than a decade. There aren't any nerve endings left; he's scar tissue all the way down.
ROGERS: C'mon, be honest.
you doing up?"
Iron Man has always been about atonement. Not only atonement; Tony built the suit out of necessity and rebuilt it out of love, he puts it on because that's who he is and who he wants to be, he improves it because of what he wants to become and he uses it because Iron Man is the best part of himself; but the suit and the name and the idea behind both are about atonement, a reckoning for all his sins, the wrongs he's committed and the wrongs that are yet to come.
Tony, who is folded within the Iron Man, which is itself folded into the suite of rooms that once housed the Avengers, doesn't reply. What can he say to that? There's nothing he can say that Steve doesn't know already. They know each other too well. It's a sign of Tony's own deficiency that even a fathomless understanding can't span the void between them.
They all had their own suites here. The new helicarrier quarters the new government-sanctioned Avengers, but here once upon a time they'd made a home. He walks past their rooms: Jan and Carol, Adam and Luke, Natasha and Monica and Peter. And at the end, on opposite sides of the hall, Tony and Steve. Tony's door is open. Steve's door is not.
JV: This is private, though, Hank. It's just for us. Or for Thor, maybe. All the ones who aren't here.
BOWMAN: Yes.
"You got it, Cap," says Tony.
TS: I—
He hangs up on Dugan. Friday will make his excuses. Tony has better things to think about.
God, she thinks again. Her hand strays to her side, to the mark snugged up against her ribs on the left. She keeps it covered with a digital bandage as a safeguard, but it isn't easily visible—not like Stevie's matching mark, which edges out from beneath her tank top to feather across her shoulderblade. Tony had always thought of her mark as a rotten, sucking blemish, but on Stevie she first notices the spray of silver stars so brilliant no ink could imitate it and then the unmistakable blue pearl that sits just on the edge of the void. Three colors, no red: Tony's very own black spot. She's protective of hers nonetheless, was protective of it even before they pulled Stevie out of the ice. Sometimes she finds herself standing with her arm curled up against her side to shelter it; sometimes she wakes to find herself curled in a ball around it. She hates it for being precious to her, but she guards it like an open wound nonetheless. There's an ache there like a scab that she'll never scrape away. It's
TS: Or that we don't get left in the dust, exactly.
Tony shudders. His breathing is labored. The panic attack he's been fighting off all day looms just out of sight over the horizon. Extremis was supposed to fix any occurrences of panic attacks, but Extremis didn't do its job because Tony didn't do his job, and now there are vulnerabilities in his brain for good ol' Yinsen's son to exploit. It's just a long string of entities not doing their jobs, and that's fine, Tony's going to get himself back under control and then he's going to get this situation back under control.
"Artificial humor from an artificial intelligence?"
TS: It's what he would've wanted. I believe that. We're the ones responsible for pulling him out of the ocean, we should be the ones responsible for putting him back in it.
FR: Livin' out your Spider-Man fantasies?
He takes a helicopter to Ryker's. Tony flies at will in American and international airspace. There's no one to tell him he can't land his Robinson R22 on Yinsen's son's head.
Boynton, 68, has been a sitting senator for fourteen years. He is a Vietnam veteran, a recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal, and the Vice Chairman of the Senate Democratic Caucus. He is also tied for the record of most appearances by a U.S. senator on
She says, "I would never know."
I'm going to be off the grid pursuing a lead for the next couple of weeks, but my new partner and I will return with an exclusive that's guaranteed to knock your socks off. Keep an eye on our site:
"Options? Does she get options?" He squints at Rhodey. "Is she old enough to have options?"
"I didn't say he wasn't," says Maya. They had—this isn't common knowledge outside of a certain academic sector, and there it had ascended beyond legend into myth—met while both were under the tutelage of Sal Kennedy, who had believed that his two awkward, undergraduate prodigies would shape the world to come. Sal's field was biology, but his interest was in systems of thought; although only Maya and not Tony had followed him into the life sciences, they had both looked to him as a model of reason and passion. To say Sal is disappointed in their respective divergent career choices understates reality by a factor of infinity.
WHY DON'T YOU COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
AT LEAST I'M THINKING.
Mr. Grey was last seen the evening of the 12th by his wife, Grace. He left for the grocery store around 7 o'clock and never returned home. Security footage shows Mr. Grey pulling out of the store parking lot at 8 o'clock. His car was found abandoned on the side of 225th Street.
STARK: Absolutely. You can talk to the legal team if you don't believe me—I had the paperwork done up years ago.
But what about superheroes who come to their powers by other means? Every American over the age of five knows the story of the Fantastic Four—how a family of explorers ventured into space, were struck by cosmic rays, and found themselves forever transformed into what the Yang Hierarchy calls "metahumans"—human beings who through outside forces find themselves capable of feats well beyond the average person. Jan Van Dyne is a metahuman. So is Simon Williams.
"Are you sure? I can take the kid and go, if you want a nap—"
. Appearance is just another commodity. Tony's great with commodities.
"Okay," Friday says. "Then let me tell you what I've found."
TS: We've known each other too long, you mean.
," Tony says.
No. Take some goddamn responsibility, Tony.
"The trade-off is Big Brother, looking over our shoulder," Tony says. This is the best, the clearest kind of What If: the What's Coming. He can see the foundation of it, can draft the dozen different blueprints that could lead to its construction. "First they monitor us. Then… then they dictate to us. Then they start calling for internment. Any of us step out of line, we go to the Raft. We question the law, we go to the Raft."
He wastes a precious second absorbing the involuntary twitches racking Steve's body that tell a story of suffering.
"That's you telling me what you know, not asking me what I know." Her long hair is pulled back in a tail that falls over her shoulder, her face is free of makeup, and her gaze is filled with the crystalline clarity known only to saints. She isn't a martyr; this is her own design. "But sure, Tony—keep going."
The singularity of Tony's life is that he can finally make that atonement absolute. The thought isn't one he lets sit on the surface of his consciousness, but it's there and it drives him—that for the sin of being human, Extremis lets him make reparations. Test-pilot for the future. Someday he'll test-pilot them right into a world without sin.
"Good. There are drones on-site that should deploy automatically to help control the flames. Friday, how many are trapped?"
"Lies, damn lies, and statistics," Tony agrees.
CLASSIFIED INTERNAL MEMO
So Tony runs his security checks, he drinks his espresso, he wanders in his underwear and undershirt into the palatial bedroom that could pass for a ballroom and the grand closet that could pass for a bedroom.
TS: You'd be surprised.
"Not here," Tony says, and he retreats to one of the dark corners on the far side of the living room. The view here is a totality; floor-to-ceiling glass, and at night and with the lights off, New York unfolds so far below it looks like a toy or a dream. Steve must have an entire notebook filled with cityscapes by now—Tony's caught him at it before, drawing brownstones in Brooklyn from memory or the sun coming up over the Empire State Building from this exact spot.
ROGERS: Still waters run deep.
"You're tired," Steve says. "Been getting enough rest?"
DAEDALUS: Of course not. Just thinking about how close we are.
"As far as necessary
It takes him a long time to fall asleep, but when he sleeps, he dreams. In the What If of his nightmares, he's at home again, in the foyer; his mother sits on the bottom stair of the grand staircase.
First, though, come the black trunks and the undershirt, this one clean and disconcertingly free of the scents of grease and metal, and then his socks, because Tony Stark is a traditionalist. Next is the shirt; he buttons up the front while he thinks about Camp Hammond but fumbles when it comes to choosing his cufflinks. He goes funny with them sometimes, because he gets a kick out of seeing kids light up because Tony Stark is wearing Spectrum socks or Captain America cufflinks, and that's great, it's a hoot, but today he picks out a somber silver pair instead and threads them through his cuffs, one-two-three, not a fumble in sight now that the difficulty of selection is behind him. He's been wearing clothing like this since before he was old enough to dress himself, and it shows in the way he holds himself in bespoke tailoring—he wears it like it's no different than a mechanic's jumpsuit, and people love it, people
"He's had his heart broken by an alcoholic before. It won't be the first time." She takes a turn around the island, looks at the old Invaders calendar pinned up on the wall, glances at the open junk drawer. She's still wearing her Fantastic Four uniform, and her face is drawn, and her jaw is set. Sue's a problem-solver. She's a multi-tasker. It's a blend he sees in a lot of successful CEOs. The boldness, though, is what marks her as the kind of explorer who thought taking a ride into space in an experimental craft sounded like a great adventure, who walks straight into the most heavily-secured skyscraper in Manhattan to confront an adversary. That quality runs in her family; all of them are crazy.
SR: Traded him. I signed his sketchbook, and he signed my copy of
Norman Osborn was previously held in a secure facility for the criminally insane out west. Iron Man only secured permission to transfer him after agreeing to transfer his team of mental healthcare professionals alongside him, which is why Doctor Covington, Doctor Cashman, and Father Coulmier are now the only personnel not selected by SHIELD to have access to Prison 42. He doesn't like it, but he doesn't have to. Iron Man bows to necessity.
"These are early days yet, Mr. Stark," says Senator Hawk. "Confidence may be warranted, but overconfidence is not."
"No, he would have abhorred this." The kid's fingers are flying over the keyboard again. "He was a true pacifist. A good man, where I am not a good man. But I have a sister," he says. "My mother was pregnant when my father died. My sister is a prodigy. You can relate, I'm sure. She's brilliant. Young, but already in college. The big joke here is that my mother named her after
)  uncategorically stated that the company would no longer be donating to the Common American Causes PAC, which supports John Boynton and his campaign for reelection.
"He's a despot," Tony says.
BOWMAN: He is.
Steve sucks in a deep breath and then blows it out. "Sorry," he says. "Didn't mean to jump to conclusions. What's on your mind?"
"...Huh," Tony says. He picks it up. It's just an object; about three ounces, four-point-two inch display, the best resolution and hardware on the market for the price. Killer battery life. That's why people buy StarkPhones—the design is sick, sleek, sexy, durable all at once, but what people are really paying for is the battery life. Tony's all about building a better battery.
Maya Hansen, sighted more than once on the arm of industrialist playboy and reader-favorite Tony Stark, has been denied an appeal for parole. That's right, ladies—Tony's old flame is now a jailbird! We're betting that arm of his won't stay empty for long.
He builds a What If. In his What If, all he has to do is fall back and close his eyes to be rid of the need to concern himself with how easily his unprotected skin could rupture if someone touched him. All he has to do is close his eyes. He could go so gently. No one would condemn him or damn him, no one would disassemble him, no one would yell at him or shoot at him or try to beat him to death. No one would notice. It wouldn't hurt at all. Tony's belief in the afterlife is abstract and concerns itself with legacy, with innovation, and with impact, so in the What If, he doesn't go anywhere, he just falls back and closes his eyes, he just fades, because even if he believed in an afterlife there are no reunions for a man who has yet to free himself from human sin. The idea that he would end up in the same place as Steve strains credulity even in fantasy—but Tony doesn't believe in an afterlife unless you consider the eventual repurposing of his matter an afterlife, so none of it matters.
HH: But you think that even if we change like that, somethin' else makes us human?
"Why are you staring at the cabinet?"
BIRCH: Very funny.
It's a miracle of nano-engineering. Each part is powered discretely through an application of Casimir plates pioneered by Tony himself and linked through the undersheath that lives beneath Tony's skin, and, as a redundancy, through autonomous communication systems. The entirety of it was built not piece by piece but particle by particle. The number of patents he holds for processes invented purely to create this iteration of the Iron Man is staggering.
They land late in Omaha, and Tony makes two pit stops in the airport. The first is when he walks past a kiosk and spots a bluetooth headset out of the corner of his eye. Why is he wearing headphones? Did he forget, he's been forgetting—
"Tony," Steve says, and Tony begs:
and instead he has in himself discovered a depth of fury previously reserved for Justin Hammer and the impartial machinations of the blind gods of the universe.
ROGERS: Pot, kettle.
Forty-three at large: that's their shorthand for
"Morning," says Steve.
They're doing really well, the both of them. Tony isn't drinking and Carol isn't drinking and maybe that's part of why Tony doesn't take his helmet off anymore. He'd made repairs, after Steve had tried to cave his face in; the new helmet is reinforced, rebuilt, reborn to be something better. Or at least something less likely to shatter when an opponent drives the edge of a twelve-pound vibranium-alloy disc into his head to crack his shell and drag his soft body out for all the world to see. They're doing really well. Carol isn't drinking, and Tony isn't drinking, and if they're staring at each other with the sort of vacant grief that suggests neither of them have slept in six days, it's fine, because they're doing really well, because they aren't drinking. Tony doesn't need to sleep anymore anyway. Almost doesn't need to sleep. He sleeps very little; he never needs more.
Only in defining "extraordinary abilities" do these concepts start to get fuzzy again. Dr. Yang has argued that humans with profound skills or access to cutting-edge technology also qualify as metahumans. The SRA doesn't quite agree—the phrase "parahumans, metahumans, and other peacekeepers gifted with extraordinary technology or skills" appears fourteen times in the body of the Act—but neither does it deny that some humans can, through dedicated practice or advanced machinery, keep up with the Earth's mightiest.
"I did."
"I traced the trigger signal to Ryker's Island."
"Springfield," Steve admits, and Tony winces.
Steve stares back at him. Steve is everything that Tony Stark isn't: a hero stripped of weakness, of limitation and doubt. Steve is something better, something more, Steve is everything that Tony Stark aspires to be. He's dead right there in the corner. He watches Tony with blue blue eyes, and Tony watches back with blue blue eyes of his own. Jesus aren't they handsome men, these two blue-eyed boys.
"What did you think would happen?" Steve asks. "Did you think that someday you'd confess and be forgiven? That I'd been in love with you all along and too cowardly to admit it?"
BOWMAN: This isn't a real clinical trial.
FR: Of course. It'll be waiting in your inbox, Ms. Birch.
He leaves as soon as Pepper does and books it straight to the helicarrier. There are no more What Ifs while he flies; instead, Iron Man addresses What Is. He records a voiceover for a short documentary on Camp Hammond, he hires two new vice presidents for Stark Industries, he replies to a message from one of the Stamford widowers, and he designs a new and better skin for himself. The flight takes three minutes. Danvers and Hill are waiting when he lands.
She says, "He wouldn't have wanted this, Tony."
software, capable of being hacked and upgraded as necessary. I'm in favor, obviously. I've done it to myself. It doesn't have to be that radical, but the possibility is there, and the possibility should be nurtured.
I'd call local law enforcement the real heroes. No, no plans to force them into conflict with resistors. They're overworked enough, and confronting those with extreme abilities demands an extreme response team. SHIELD is exploring further options.
There is nothing in the world that beats flying.
HH: In that case, we better make this the most well-defended community center in the tri-state, huh? I'll make sure these end up in the right hands.
STARK: If you're insinuating that any of them can be bought—
"What," he says, because that's his line; he's been on the other side of the stage often enough to know.
TS: Did Samson have anything to do with this?
Tony wakes up.
BOWMAN: Of course, but it's also absurd to pretend that we don't have enough data to move forward. Don't mistake me. We won't stop testing, but I am not going to put this operation in jeopardy merely because you want to replicate predictable results an additional hundred times.
"I hope there always will be," Tony says.
The slacks follow the shirt, and a belt follows the slacks, and then he loops the tie around his neck and makes a neat half-Windsor snug against the valley of his throat. Last comes the waistcoat and the suit jacket. Thus assembled, he goes to the mirror, straightens his tie, and tries to remember if he ever felt anything other than dull contempt when studying his reflection.
Jack continues.
NB: Yeah. Got a tip about a fugitive in the area.
the armor—
BIRCH: We'll be coming back to that.
Steve punches Tony in the face.
Tony slumps back into his nice groove in the couch and discreetly activates certain subroutines in the secure computer network most closely slaved to his brain. He'll have a name by morning.
He looks at Steve. Steve looks back.
Steve says.
"Boss?" Friday says. Her voice is coming from a speaker across the room, because she can no longer whisper in his ear. That intimacy has been stripped from them.
"Yes, she's recording," he says. "I can ask her to stop, but there's not much point in it; she's smart enough to piece it together once I start trying to implement what we theorize here."
"Got to be better than that," Tony says.
"Saw what coming?" he asks.
"I shouldn't have left her alone when she was a kid." It's
"Tony!"
"Little wonder they call you the Da Vinci of the age."
Go. I'll be here when you get back."
I KNOW.
to wake up, but…"
"I am?"
and then promptly gotten the shit kicked out of him by the guy who had stolen Extremis in the first place. Maya came to Tony for help, and when Tony failed at helping, he shot himself up with Extremis, too.
He says, "Sleep."
Senator John Boynton (D-NY) had been the one to introduce the Superhuman Registration Act to the 109th U.S. Congress. It had passed through both the Senate and the House with unprecedented speed; Friday staged an entire holographic production of Schoolhouse Rock's "I'm Just a Bill" to either cheer Tony up or piss him off—hard to tell with her. The president signed the act into law in the early days of summer. A matter of hours after it passed, Steve Rogers, in one of his usual unintentionally iconic displays, had announced his decision to resist Registration and go underground. Neither the announcement nor the resistance were peaceful.
TS: Overhauling the hydraulics. Here, hold this. Didn't he meet Patton once?
What to do if external forces tried to turn the Avengers against each other.
is 100% due to the community who reads and comments on the pieces posted here. I'm sad to announce that the blog's time has come to a close, but I remain as committed as ever to bringing you the stories that larger outlets obfuscate.
There's a long pause. Despite the threatening tidal wave of despair, Tony's pulse beats out a slow, steady beat. All thanks to Extremis: he has the heart of a super-soldier.
HH: Okay, I get the message.
He flies alongside it sometimes—the R&D helicarrier. It's a behemoth, if not on the scale of Hill's headquarters, but fast for its bulk. Iron Man finds that it suits him. Stark Industries is no longer involved in the design and construction of the helicarriers, but they still hold many of the original patents.
"And you can't oppose every politician in Washington just because they back legislation you don't like."
BIRCH: Tony? What do you think of that?
"Yeah, Tony," he says finally. "Men like you."
"Yeah. I figured."
"The publicity director pulled me aside to apologize—"
It is my opinion that Mr. Stark's reliance on his armor is pathological, although please remember that this is an informal assessment for internal use rather than a formal diagnosis. Mr. Stark appears to idealize his "Iron Man" persona at the expense of his other identities. This is a trait that appears in a lot of costumed heroes, but what makes Mr. Stark's case unique is how this idealization interacts with his fixation on technology.
He can build a hundred, now a thousand, in a day, a What If for every branching decision he encounters, a What If for every idle thought, a What If for every desperate dream. Most of them are pointless, helpful only as thought exercises. Some of them are not. He played What If, and funded the Avengers; he played What If, and built the second through thirty-seventh iterations of the Iron Man.
Oh, you wanted to know about Tony Stark's
It's the best kind of What If: the What's Coming. He's close enough to making it a What Is that he can taste it on his lips, which will soon be replaced with a miniaturized molecular scanner. He's so close. If he could just step inside that hollow golden glow and live there—
"Ha ha," says Tony, and then he bats Steve's hand away. He has trouble with this sometimes, when he's not ready for it, when his defenses are low: Steve's regard undoes him. To distract both of them, he flips the TV over to CNBC. He can pull a live feed of the stock index, but watching the tickers scroll across the screen is ritual. Almost nothing bores Steve more quickly than being forced to think about business finance. Steve has the head for it, understands why it's important, can even fathom a measure of enthusiasm if it's required for something Avengers-related, but on the whole he is deeply and aggressively disinterested in market equilibrium and margin buying.
"Fine." But for all his anger, his motivations have always been shamefully unclothed: "Then take off your mask. I want to see your face, too."
TS: What
"By forcing edits on the AI's ethical core, sure. Or by convincing it to make its own edits."
Tony looks past the people, past the banks of electronics, straight out to a view without a horizon. They're parked six miles above Omaha, and it's clear skies as far as a transhuman eye can see. Tony blinks over to infrared, blinks again to summon an overlay that tells him the names, ages, and security ratings of every SHIELD agent on the bridge. The overlay isn't on his HUD. He could take off his helmet and the same bright web of lines would be drawn not over his eyes but his nerves. Some day he won't need the armor because he will be the armor.
"Jesus Christ, boy," Howard said. "You're flinching before the gun even goes off. Stop tensing up. Like this. Both eyes open and on the target.
"Maybe a shower first," Friday suggests.
"Tell me," Rogers snarls,
me, shouldn't I get to name it?
"And I punched Spider-Woman."
VP: It's what he'd want. There's no reason to drag this out and make him suffer. You can make it an equipment malfunction. Or not. You can fool the monitors. Maybe he just fades.
Please let me know if I may be of further assistance.
TS: Don't look at me like that. I didn't mean me.
BOWMAN: I don't care about that. It's enough that they survive. In the meantime, we can alleviate suffering on a massive scale.
That's what it
They try to have meetings like this at least twice a week; most of the active-duty roster live in Avengers Tower, but tripping over each other in the laundry room doesn't necessarily equate to everyone having the most up-to-date information. The burden of leadership falls primarily to Steve and Tony, who both shoulder the day-to-day operations, although Tony does a little more with communications and funding and Steve comes down harder on field work. Jan pitches in with the organizational side every now and then, but one of her conditions for returning had been not having to chair the team "no matter how much either of you beg."
At 6:03:13, Iron Man, desperate as always for Captain America's full attention, rips Steve's communicator out of his ear. He takes part of the ear along with it. Steve goes white, sags, and then comes back hard with a joint lock on Iron Man's outstretched arm. He avoids a repulsor blast so narrowly that the flank of his uniform develops friction burns.
In an unprecedented demonstration of influence, Tony Stark has been appointed head of the Strategic Hazard Intervention, Espionage, and Logistics Directorate.
"Not since he backflipped out of a helicarrier," Tony says. "I don't know what Hill was expecting." Sometimes Tony thinks that if he could talk to Steve, really talk, just talk, he could engineer an understanding: but then he realizes that's the most fantastic What If of all. Steve doesn't change his mind. When he plants his feet, you could use his shoulders as a fulcrum to move mountains. And he doesn't change his mind for
"Unless unmasking is only the first step."
STARK: Oh god.
"There's a story behind the Registration Act. A woman. Her son. The son's untimely death… do I need to mention their names? Let's let the kid rest in peace. It's enough to say that his death was caused by our neglect.
TS: The technology is there. Maya understands that. She sees what's coming.
Listen, Tony's thought about this. He's had a lot of time to dwell on it, because when he gets a thought in his head he just can't—let—it—go, and of all of his obsessions, all of his grand orchestrations of idea, all of his What Ifs and What Ises and conceptual playgrounds, nothing has taken root in his soul in quite the same way as Steve Rogers. Steve isn't the dearest concept, or the most important; but he is the most persistent. He's aspirational. He won't go away. Tony's tried to drive him out a time or two in earnest, but even those times are fewer and further between, because Tony doesn't really want Steve to go. If the only way he can have Steve is to let his mind be haunted, then he'll throw open the doors and invite the specter in.
On a fundamental level, their anger disagrees. Steve is a slow, eternal smulder; there was magma moving beneath the surface of his skin a thousand years ago, and in another thousand years the molten river of his fury will still be burning strong. You don't often see direct evidence of it on the surface, but you feel the heat in your bones—a comforting, righteous, necessary sink that was all the more dangerous for its familiarity. Sometimes, though—sometimes all that heat and pressure would build up until even Steve's thick skin couldn't contain it any longer, and then it would erupt, spewing fire and ash and noxious fumes into the sky. An endless fountain, that was Steve; predictable, maybe, in the way that forces measured in eons rather than years are predictable, but no less terrifying for his predictability.
I added an additional chapter because I had to suddenly vacate my house and haven't had much time for writing. But I got this done and wanted to add it.
That made more sense. Clint glanced at Bucky and saw him roll his eyes. At least they were on the same page. Tony was injured and Steve was being a dick about it. Clint wondered if he’d yelled at everyone else, or if he was special. “Bleeding out in the snow.” He offered.
This got Bucky to put his book down and grin. “Always the performer.”
Teams of superpowered people – and Clint – weren’t traditionally sent in to keep everyone alive. Killing people made the jobs they were sent on so much easier. There were only so many non-lethal arrows he could come up with, and Bucky’s body was generally just lethal. Steve was crippling the team by telling them to keep the goons alive. They had made their bed by becoming goons.
He could do his futzing job. Boyfriend or no.
Steve shrugged, “got dinner with Tony tonight.” They could make of that what they wished.
Natasha shrugged, looking between the pair of them. Their lives were starting to feel a lot like a bad novel plot. They needed to find new people to mess around with; too many of them shared partners. It was getting nasty.
“He refused to join the team.” Steve shot back, as though it changed things. The wizard had his own things to do. Protecting reality seemed pretty important. And time consuming. Steve didn’t ban the X-Men from the tower. Evil Spider-man had even been allowed to visit that one time, and that was after he’d tried to eat Not Evil Spider-man. Clint hadn’t read the report. He wasn’t sure on the details. “He shouldn’t be able to come and play when he wants to.”
Steve looked up from a thrilling article on motorcycle maintenance – he needed to check his bike whenever he was done being Yorick. There were so many places dirt and grime could get and mess things up. He’d had no idea. The robots probably did more work on his bike than he knew. It was how Tony showed affection. “What?”
It wasn’t worth it to correct Tony when he was revising history. At least when Howard was involved. Howard had been a touchy subject anyway since Steve had ratted Bucky out about sleeping with Howard anyway. Which had been wholly unnecessary and was just another symptom of Steve being stupid in love, Clint thought.
“The glamor of the circus is addicting,” he grinned, “and I give spectacular head.”
He was going to make one.
“Clint thinks Tony will get his shit together first. I was morally obligated to say Steve would.”
“Which one’ll figure it out first?” Tony asked, stopping in the middle of waxing poetic about… science (?). Steve turned the page of American Iron and hummed.  Tony got on these tangents sometimes, he just wanted someone to at least pretend to listen. A boyfriend made a willing soundboard when Bruce wasn’t available. ”Which one?” It was nice being around Tony anyway, even when he was rambling.
“I know, right!” Clint interjected and was ignored.
) “I yelled at Clint that time he got in a war with the Russian mob over a shitty apartment building.”
. The report was probably more interesting, Clint thought, at the very least it was shorter. Bucky liked boring shit like that though, he said he hadn’t read well before the war so he was enjoying one of the few benefits Hydra had conferred on him. Clint could respect that. “Steve still looks over his shoulder for the cops if you so much as stand next to me.”
“Hey, Steven. You’re looking good today.”
Clint glanced over and smiled at Steve, “go play with Tony. He’ll show you how to have a good time.” At the very least, Bucky thought, Tony’s antics would distract Steve from the discomfort. The last thing they needed was someone posting an article about Steve being uncomfortable around gays. The United States government has wiped out any record of the week Steve had spent in jail for attacking a man with a crowbar after seeing him punch a man coming out of a gay bar.
“It’s about morale.”
“Tony Stark apparently needs it if he talks about himself in the third person…” Clint mumbled, but knew he needed to let it drop. So he did.
“I’m trying to keep him alive.”
Bucky let his metal arm slip off of the couch and brush against Clint’s exposed ankle. Clint hummed contentedly. He didn’t understand the science, and didn’t care much about it either – fuckin Nazis – but he knew the metal limb somehow stayed warm. “If they do, my money’s on Tony.” He turned the page again.
“Hi Steve.” Bucky waved as Clint pressed up against his side. Steve didn’t know if he’d ever be able to be that open with Tony. Their friends would have no problem with it, but Steve felt like tact was still an important thing. It wasn’t as though he’d flaunted his relationship with Peggy. He’d leave the public indecency to Bucky. It seemed unnecessary. “They’ve got Clint all doped up.”
“What do you want?”
Tony shrugged, “same. Not your fault.”
“The writers have decided he doesn’t carry guns.” Wade added and Steve couldn’t keep himself from glancing over at the other man. He was nodding as though he’d said something useful or sagely. Peter was also nodding.
“I’ll bet on Steve then,” he dropped his file onto his chest. Clint bet Bucky wouldn’t be scolded for not making it look like he’d read the literary genius in the file. Steve played favorites. Though he might have been convinced that Hydra had electrocuted Bucky’s ability to read out of his brain. Steve Rogers got stupid when Bucky Barnes was involved. Bucky loved to take advantage.
“There’s a rage monster, three assassins, and me on the team. There’s gonna be death.” Tony brought the conversation back to Steve in a way that impressed even Clint. That meant he was really fired up. This was a chance for Clint to try and nudge the odds in his favor though, so he supported it. “I’m not putting rubber bullets in the suit.”
Bucky narrowed his eyes, eyeing Steve suspiciously. Good Bucky was getting the hint. “I have to go call Clinton.” He stood up and rushed out the door.
Bucky inhaled deeply. “I suppose this is payback for the time I blamed you for getting Clint shot?”
Bucky opened his mouth but closed it without saying anything. Apparently, Steve had said something he couldn’t comprehend. Clint didn’t think he’d ever seen that before. Bucky usually had something witty to respond with when Steve was being Steve.
Tony smirked at Steve as though that solved the entire argument. Because he was also an idiot. And running on no sleep.
Steve glanced at Clint and noticed that his eyes were incredibly unfocused. At least he’d agreed to take pain killers. In the past he’d just broken out of medical against orders without any sort of medication. Then they wouldn’t see him for two to three weeks.
“What are you two going to do if I do that?”
Steve glanced over at Tony, expecting him to break whatever was in his hand at Bucky’s mention of Howard. The dalliance between the two was still a point of contention. It was one for Steve as well, if he was honest. “He probably didn’t. We weren’t anywhere near this tech when he drove himself into a tree.
Steve watched Bucky help Clint down onto the couch. Barton really needed to be in the medical ward, but apparently the two of them thought they knew better than the trained medical professionals. Steve was fairly certain Bucky had been smarter than that in 1942.
"Yes."
When the doctor refuses to discharge him, he checks himself out against medical advice anyway. Happy meets him at the curb with his favorite Rolls—Happy's favorite, not Tony's—to drive him home. They ride back to the tower in silence, Happy in the driver's seat, Tony in the passenger's. He tilts his dark glasses down and looks up at New York, up and up and up, and he wonders what Steve had been trying to say:
"For that reason, HomeSec and Registration have the full support of Stark Industries. Ladies and gentlemen, I remain in your service. Do with me what you will."
The soldiers still had their hands tight around his wrists.
, not Friday and not Happy, not Steve, who by circumstance and by design retains the high ground, and not Maya, who displays a ruthless single-mindedness that Tony both admires and abhors. Maybe, with a lot of R&D and years of testing, you can start to fix yourself; but Tony's never been entirely sure how to structure that experiment. He tries things, and sometimes he succeeds, and sometimes he fails, and the conclusions he reaches rarely match the conclusions reached by those around him. There's something off in his moral compass, something in him that spins the needle away from true north. If he could, he'd cut that part of himself out entirely.
TS: I always compare it to being a firefighter. Not that what we do is comparable to what they do—
ROSENTHAL: Amelia Rosenthal. Mr. Stark, what do you think of the proposed bill that would require extra-legal peacekeepers to disclose their identities to the government?
"Done," Friday says.
"Not much they can do for you that you can't do for yourself," Friday says. "Jack Kooning wants to meet as soon as you're able. He's waiting in one of the hospital meeting rooms. I took the liberty of having a suit sent over."
And then he says again, "Fix it, Tony."
"Of course," Tony's mouth says. He'd never really appreciated his feet before this. If Stark Industries isn't already investigating luxury socks, they certainly will be by tomorrow.
TS: …
TS: I'm always reasonable. Sometimes I could choke on how reasonable I am.
RIDLEY: Does the enhancile really let you wirelessly interface with computers?
BIRCH: Absolutely. The two of you have been the linchpin of the team almost since its inception—
"Scoot," Stevie says, and she edges into Tony's side to flip on the electric kettle. She takes up all the space in the room, and not only because of her size, although she's big—not much taller than Tony, herself a tall woman, but Cap's broad, with defined arms and the kind of shoulders that can move mountains. She could take apart a man in the time it took most men to blink, and there's a security in standing beside her that Tony has never been able to replicate under other conditions. Maybe it's less that Stevie takes up all the space in a room and more that she takes up all the space in Tony's room. Tony wouldn't know.
Friday's eyes fall shut. Sometimes it's impossible to remember she doesn't see through them. After a moment they open again, still the most translucent blue he's ever seen.
"Send a message to Hill. Top priority, her eyes only. I want a description of Yinsen's kid, as many pictures are you can pull, and a full report of the situation."
"If he'd just figure out that he doesn't have to do everything alone, maybe we coulda stopped this whole thing before it got out of the gate."
He sees Steve from a distance. His arm's in a sling, but his ear is fine. He looks… tired. Tony remembers being tired, once; now he's not sure he'll sleep ever again. And that's the first day.
CB: Now this I'd like to see.
Dugan says.
Steve's eyes are bluer than the sky. They're a hot blue, gas blue—how could you ever mistake him for cold? This isn't a bad way to go. In a certain sense, this is Iron Man sacrificing himself for Captain America. He can think of worse deaths.
"We've seen it before in very narrow, specific applications. Super-Soldier Serum, that's one—what else is that but reprogramming the body to be stronger? That's not the only instance, but it's the first one, it's the one everybody wants to recreate, which is in my opinion shortsighted idiocy. Think bigger. Think about having a serum that you can tailor to give you whatever results you want. Make you stronger? Sure, okay. Get rid of asthma? Okay. What
says the Secretary of Defense.
STARK: I call him 'Honey.'
"Not strictly true," Tony counters, because Friday has full discretionary access to his accounts and the freedom to purchase whatever desire demands and reason allows. He's never been sure why conventional wisdom portrays artificial intelligences as emotionless, flat,
He severs the fine ligaments with surgical precision. It takes time and patience to tease the web of sinew away from bone; sometimes he imagines using a dull deboning knife, one that tugs at the filaments of flesh until the edge catches just right and the collagen splits apart. His arm is intact above the carpals, just the tip of his radius and ulna poking out from the cross-section of tissue that curves around the exposed bone. He doesn't feel pain, because pain is an outdated diagnostic tool. Tony receives real-time feedback from all of his components, data that is precise and exact and useful and does not hurt no matter how deserved the hurt might be. It's one of those sins he should carve away: the wish to be free from pain rather than the wish to endure it.
Tony picks up the shield and cracks it into Steve's head.
"Chop chop. Time to take the training wheels off. You're a big girl, you can handle it."
"You want to talk?" Steve says. "Then talk. You owe me an explanation."
WE DON'T HAVE TIME.
Jack says, with the sort of mildly friendly warning that only comes from years of political ass-kissing,
At some point they must have found him clothes.
"Is that a slight on my personal hygiene?"
TS: I get the picture. Call me when I'm out of the doghouse.
"What
"Last night? Maybe the night before. It doesn't matter. Do I look that bad?"
STARK: Lots of time to kill on those long quinjet rides to the moon and back.
They're right in the most base and pedantic sense. The SRA's preferred terms are "extra-legal peacekeeper" (frequently shortened to "peacekeeper"), "parahuman", "metahuman", and of course the titular "superhuman". It uses these terms in incredibly specific ways; they are neither broad nor interchangeable.
"Not everyone is fixated on Captain America. He's a factor, maybe the most important factor, but Cage and Sue Storm are both more than capable of pulling a stunt like this without Rogers leading them."
"Be patient, Director," Iron Man advises.
"Boss," Friday says.
"Friday," he says.
"The plane was losing altitude and speed quickly when it hit the ground," said Morel. "There was a large hole torn in the side of the fuselage, as though someone had peeled it open."
"What does that say about you, I wonder?"
BOWMAN: Our pool for late-stage subjects is limited enough.
BOWMAN: Oh?
HH: I read that article Pepper was towin' around by your gal. Dr. Hansen?
"Gonna be like that, huh?" Tony says. "Okay, Cap." And he shucks the armor. The external suit parts, detaches, settles on the ground at Tony's feet. Steve drops his shield on the table. His kick snaps upward at Tony's face too fast for a human to track; but Tony isn't human. He's the next stage. He's something better. He's something
TS: Maybe.
"Have you heard from Steve?" Reed asks.
"I'm going to fix this," Tony says. He reaches out and touches one hand to the glass; it's cool beneath his palm, reinforced to the
"It's fine. Not your fault. I've had worse."
"Scanning," she says.
"Having a nap." Tony waves a hand in a polished crescendo of nimiety. "I'm thinking of making afternoon naps a company policy."
BIRCH: That's Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes?
something called
Tony slips a finger under his collar to feel the throb of his pulse against his finger. "Yeah," he says. "Can we talk?"
"Block it. Turn her down."
There's two ways to see it. In the first, this is Tony Stark dying a hard death of his own invention—a death that leaves him, ultimately, alone and in the dark. For a man who has struggled his entire life towards illumination, it's the most ignoble end possible.
JK: Maybe. Anyway, we're temporarily relieving you of your position, medical assessment pending. I have all the paperwork from the CSA and the DOD right here.
"And here you are," the kid says. "Didn't it occur to you that this might be a trap?
STARK: Cap?
He's unusually quiet, is Reed—not lost in thought, the way he sometimes is, but pensive, maybe. Reserved. No: sad.
Stark's interests are simply too divided to adequately serve the position. He would be, however, my first choice for running some kind of associated task force that would enforce the Act in the long-term. It is in the interest of national security to once again allow SHIELD to operate broadly, as it did before the Act, instead of eating up its resources solely with enforcement.
TS: No. It's a forecast.
He can't build this. He can't figure out the logistics. There's beauty in the design, in the way his eyes have been replaced by advanced ocular lenses with a three-hundred sixty degree field of vision, in the way that his skin has been peeled away and substituted with low-maintenance carbon nanotubes grafted into an exoskeleton. In the What If, very little of his original organic matter remains; there is some small biomass located in his torso, mostly to continue certain processes that provide chemical energy to redundant systems. His faulty heart has been replaced with a backup processor.
The interior is vast, cavernous, large enough to house every suit of armor Tony has ever built and a couple of collector's pieces besides. Iron Man lines the walls, hangs suspended from cables, lies in scattered pieces across every workstation and beside every machinist's tool, Iron Man is flayed open across every draftsman's screen and holographic blueprint and simple pencil drawing. Iron Man wears this workshop the way Tony wears the Iron Man.
"No," Tony says. "It's fine. They won't force the issue."
"What did I say to tell me this morning?" he asks.
JK: It's just another symptom, Tony. A couple of kidnappings aren't worth the time or, quite frankly, the taxpayer dollars you're spending to look into them. This is a good thing. Take a vacation, get a massage. Work off the stress. You'll come back with a clear mind.
"God I miss you," he says, and Steve smirks and answers, "Do you really?" and that's the moment when Tony becomes aware that someone is on the other side of the door.
This isn't the first time Stark has claimed omniscience, nor will it be the last. Stark is a self-styled "futurist"—someone who tries to predict and prepare for what will someday happen. Even his detractors can't deny that he has an uncanny talent backing the winning side in the war of consumer electronics; he correctly predicted that Blu-Ray would win over HD, that Apple would not only make a comeback but emerge as a market leader thanks to the iPhone, and that haptic VR devices wouldn't be ready for wide release until well after 2005. It's characteristic arrogance when he suggests that that same talent can be applied more broadly; social trends are to DVD players as calculus is to figuring out much a coupon can save you at the grocery store.
He's less quiet than he is distracted by the CNN feed blaring a breaking news update straight into his brain. Stark Industries stocks are still climbing. Hill is angry she was cut out of the loop. Kooning is breathing down his neck. And if he could only make the armor smaller, reduce its weight, figure out a way to make it fluid—
Dugan says.
"Nothing," Tony says. "Just couldn't fall back asleep. Thought I might get a little work in now that I'm up." The mark's right there. Tony's never touched it skin-to-skin, but sometimes after a fight she'll clap Cap on the shoulder, safe in the knowledge that her armor maintains the correct distance, that it shores up all of her weak points.
He finds Friday. She's already working on countermeasures, preventative inoculations to make sure that what Yinsen's son did to Tony will never be done again. He takes her work and adds to it, gives it back to her, waits to see what she does with it; by the end of his first day of consciousness, his protocols and hers are already in place.
Cap's a good man, but he isn't this country's moral compass.
It worked by overwriting the body's repair center with a new blueprint. That was what you customized: you could tell your body it was supposed to fix your hands so they had six fingers, or your immune system so perfume didn't make you sneeze. You could tell your body to fix itself so you healed faster, so you thought faster, so you reacted faster. You could tell your body to fix itself so you could breathe fire. Tony's contribution had been the customization. Maya said she had been building soldiers, but Tony had his own objectives.
"The federal government, all those big boys in big suits with their big balls—they can't regulate us for who we are," Tony says. "They try, and they fail. But regulating us for what we choose to do? Chair Force, that's what governments are
The Iron Man armor is fully equipped with a number of fire suppression methods, and Steve knows that, but four months were enough to dull the reflexes of a decade. When Tony says "Move," Steve hesitates. It's a picosecond, a blink in the grand scheme, but that fraction of a moment suspends them in infinity. For one hanging instant, Steve's distrust of Tony is stronger than his drive to save a human life.
"Same as ever," Tony says. "He's into psychedelics and causal layered analysis this month."
Once upon a time there was a bright drunk girl and a bright drunk boy, and they each recognized in the other something of themselves. They studied under the same wise old master, and when he wasn't trying to push psilocybin mushrooms he was a pretty good guy. He believed in his students, he believed they could change the world, he believed they would test-pilot humanity right into the future.
This is in some way the crux of the entire fight. It's a thought that's been eating at Iron Man, gnawing on him, that despite his burgeoning ability to regulate his emotions and reprogram his mind just—won't—go—away. It's a thought that makes him desperate, a scar on the perfect surface of what Iron Man is becoming.
"Sorry to interrupt, boss, but you have an incoming call from Colonel Rhodes."
"Sorry," she says. "I didn't mean—I know it's personal. I mean, it's personal, isn't it?"
The view from up here is relentless. It's darker inside than it is outside; the suite is shadowed and cavernous, but the streets below are threaded with light and movement. They're so far away they seem like a toy, or a dream. Tony has that problem sometimes—he confuses dreams with dreaming. It's still easier to look at the city than it is to look at the reflection of his own face in the dark, liquid surface of the glass. He used to find Steve here, in the days after they'd reformed the team; Steve liked the view of the city, and he liked the big flatscreen with its enormous library of movies, and he'd liked being close to the kitchen, where the Avengers inevitably congregated.
BIRCH: You two have talked about this before.
"I can't tell if you're punishing or rewarding yourself, boss."
and then he has to stop and touch his fingers to his lips to make sure the word didn't actually escape. Horrified, he spends the next two hours pouring over Extremis, checking the coding, checking himself. He isn't going through a bout of insomnia; he fixed that. It's been written out. Tony Stark 2.2 was rolled out last month. He sleeps exactly four hours a night and wakes without an alarm.
"Cap's right, we're gonna talk about this—"
And Steve—
Tony plays What If the way some people play chess: to sharpen his instincts, inure him to his flaws, and develop his ability to value strategy over sentiment. In older days he used it as a catharsis, the sort of emotional release he denied himself in the real world because Tony's real-world releases tended to be messy and involve far too much fallout. Now he doesn't drink, doesn't dream, doesn't waste time building castles in the air. It's locked down. He's in control. He's taking responsibility.
"Did you have anything to do with what happened to Happy Hogan?"
Maya gives him a flat, unimpressed look. "Did you come here to talk about your feelings? Do I
In the What If, Tony opens the liquor cabinet. He takes out the bottle. He pours. He lifts the glass. He drinks. It goes down soft and then with bite. He downs it neat and pours another glass, and his blood lights up with gold and his thoughts take on a warm glow. It's that contradiction he likes best—burning out all the messy organic material and the cold remoteness of his reasoning at the same time. If you take that away, what's left? Maybe nothing. Maybe that's the most aesthetically pleasing state of existence: a warm, golden void.
"Yeah, well, that was just… predictive damage control. Look at all the decisions that came back to bite me in the ass. I didn't anticipate the important parts." He pauses, lets the name fill his mouth; when was the last time he'd said it to another living person? "I didn't anticipate Steve."
TS: Ah. Do I believe it's the right path? Absolutely. But with limitations. We have to figure out an ethical framework before we jump into the deep end and start building better people.
In the process of improving those original cybernetic arrays, though, he'd learned a lot about telepathy and cyberpathy. In the process he had designed and integrated into not only the armor but into his phones and watches and cars and homes a series of failsafes to guard against intrusions. Mind control. Brainwashing.
If he leaves now—this is something Tony grasps intuitively, one of those on-the-fly calculations that pass for instinct—if Steve leaves now, that's it. This is the last opportunity; this is their Rubicon, and if one or the other of them crosses out of the room without reaching some resolution, they're never again going to be what they once were. Not the country, and not the Avengers, and not Tony and Steve, who were once friends and partners and brothers-in-arms.
TS: Yeah. I… Thanks, Happy.
he trying to accomplish?
"You're wrong," Steve says. "Those are exactly the people we should be fighting against. We're down on the street helping people. They're removed from the situation at best and willing to compromise their values at worst. We can't be answerable to some of the most corrupt men and women in the country."
TS: You think you can make me?
Maybe it's why Afghanistan shook him so badly—they locked him in a cave for three months, and while claustrophobia is one of the only major anxieties he hasn't manifested in one form or another, he suspects that's because he long ago learned to associate subterranean spaces with his workshops. And the cave in Afghanistan had been that, at least; it wasn't only a workshop, but it was a workshop. Rhodey got it. Nobody else understood, but Rhodey— Rhodey got it.
"This isn't about me."
"Maybe it did!" Tony snaps. "But the super-soldier serum sure as hell changed you too!"
"They- they got me. I’m- I don’t even know where I am and... I... I'm so sorry, Tony. Please, I’m so sorry." Steve was rambling, he knew that but he had to get it out now.
Steves throat still hurt like hell and was rough and sore from all the coughing.
"What are you doing here?" Her voice was covered with concern.
He was breathing, nearly throwing up and nearly crying. He didn’t know what to do now. He had 24 hours.
He was dreaming.
But he couldn’t. He was weak and useless. Even if he had his hands freed, he  would just flail his arms around aimlessly.
"Go on, soldier." Tony could practically see the mans smile as he said that. He was going to crush him.
"Tony-" Steve whimpered and tried to keep his eyes open, tried to search for his brown eyes.
He was hallucinating too as he saw Bucky standing in the corner a few times, looking at him with those worried eyes. It reminded him of Brooklyn and dirty streets.
Even if he should probably want that after everything the man did to him.
"No, Steve. I’m serious. We’re going to be okay." That seemed to mute the blonds brain and he slumped back against Tonys chest, his eyes closed.
He looked... lost.
Then the worst thought of all entered his mind: What if they kidnapped Tony too?
Sad eyes were looking down at him and Steve wondered how horrible the sight of himself really was.
"What the-" he slurred and felt his legs giving out underneath him. His body crashed to the floor and everything turned black.
"What did he, you know..." Tony cleaned his voice. "...do?"
His side looked the worst. There was an angry, open wound right over his ribs. And Tony wasn’t sure if what he saw there was bone or muscle.
Steve cried out. His wrists were hurting, his head too, everything in his face felt so fuzzy and swollen, frozen and tight.
"What do you mean, you don’t know?"
"Here. Drink." Tony whispered and sat down on the bedside. Steve mustered him before he let Tony push the straw into his open mouth. The mechanic was wearing elegant trousers, a white shirt underneath a blue suit jacket. His outfit a stark contrast to Steve in a hospital gown. Tony was in good form, he noted to himself as he swallowed gulps of water.
They were all gathered now. Well kind of. Nat, Wilson and even Clint were on their way to Russia too, only in a separate jet. They were constantly updating each other. Even T’Challa said he’d be there if they needed him - Whatever that meant.
Still, he didn’t even show a slight sign of discomfort as he pulled her up and helped her towards the door.
In the middle of the screen he could make out a tall person, covered in dark clothes that was moving through the corridor and taking out the guards. He moved ruthlessly, striked without looking if there was somebody behind him, took one risk after the other. Reckless.
(See the end of the chapter for
One last time he went to his room, appreciated the view he had on the jungle of Wakanda and grabbed his few belongings. His phone too, of course.
"I don’t know. I guess I thought you and I could..." Steve was at a loss for words, his thoughts were confusing him.
He felt helpless, his damped voice throbbing in his ears as he choked and struggled for air. His lungs were filling with water and his heart beat uncontrollably, the panic of dying present in his head and body. Every single cell was fighting against the feeling of drowning, of dying.
"Can we get this over now? I’m sure Steve doesn’t wait over there while knitting us a pair of socks." Sam said and Tony retrieved his hand. "Ok, here’s the plan."
(See the end of the chapter for
"NO! TONY PLEASE, DON'T GO!" Steve begged and it was horrible to see Tony walking towards the door. He was going to leave him like everybody else did.
"Yeah, Steve. I’m here. I’m here. God-" Steves chest constricted with relief. He was safe.
Tony was more confused than ever. All he felt was worry, fear. He never heard the man talk like that.
Maybe it was the drug they gave him. Steve did remember a needle or something hitting his neck.
"What do you mean he’s taking care of himself?" Steve asked and he could practically hear Nat smiling when she said "So you ARE interested. Ask him that yourself." and hung up. Just like that.
"Come on, we need to get you out of here-" The deep voice of no one else but Tony said. Steve was close to crying. He was here. Tony was here.
"Just because they didn’t kill you, doesn’t mean that it didn’t happen."
The next words hurt Tony deep. "And the last words on his lips will be... I died for you, Tony Stark." Steve whispered wetly, then pulled away from the mans grip which earned him a light slap on his head as if to say, We’ll talk about that later.
"Can I see Tony now." Steve said, his voice deep and demanding.
When the call ended, the tall guy came over to him and leaned down, locking eyes with Steve.
"On it, Sir."
A deep russian accented voice interior his thoughts "Read the paper“.
There was a moment of silence and Tony heard somebody sighing. "But I can’t-" then there was the sound of skin hitting skin, someone breathing heavily and groaning. Tony gripped the phone tight.
"You going to be alright?"
"Come on. Get in here." Tony said casually and opened his arms for Steve to lean into him, his head falling against his chest in exhaustion.
"I missed you too, Tony."
He could be seen on his way out of a russian hotel. It didn’t take him long to find out where exactly the hotel was located. Tverskoy, Moscow. Why the hell was Tony there? Wasn’t he having meeting after meeting with Ross?!
Tonys eyes were focused on Steve only, taking in his face and his half-closed eyes.
He was covered in blood, bruises and cuts from the previous fights with the guards.
After a few minutes he realized his head felt so heavy because he was sitting, his chin resting on his chest. There was a cold seat underneath him.
"As far as I know, Captain Rogers demanded a jet that flew him straight to Russia. I think his destination point was Moscow."
"What if I don’t have the answers?" Tony asked.
Steve looked at him with an expression of hurt on his face.
"You sadistic fuck-" Steve shouted when the man carved deep lines into his chest, the knifes breaking his skin as they moved. He didn’t even realize the fact that there were being pictures taken before a bright lightening color appeared.
His face didn’t look as smooth and his hair wasn’t slicked back or parted. It was longer than usual. He noticed the dark circles around his eyes, looking like sleepless nights and nightmares. That served him right, Tony thought but before he could dwell on his anger, he saw how Wanda fell to her knees and Rogers followed her immediately.
It wasn’t that big of a deal, really, for Steve. Of course it was s huge deal for him but in hindsight it could’ve been worse.
An uncomfortable feeling settled in the pit of his stomach, thoughts and scenarios building in his head. He felt panic rising and immediately forced himself to calm down as he gripped the metal beneath his fingers. "Be a man." He growled at himself.
He did as he was told. They went through the big hall, Steve shooting glances left and right.
Think, Rogers. Think!
"But you shouldn’t!" Tony shouted and Steve flinched at his loud voice, his head stinging. "Sorry." Tony then said, almost not audible as he tugged the blanket over Steve and picked up a glas with a straw from the nightstand.
It was all there was. Everywhere he went, there was a darkness surrounding him like a shadow that never stopped growing and dragged him down. It reminded him of all the things he had done, the lies he had told.
"CLINT."
"You sure you don’t want to talk about it?" Tony pressed and Steve eventually gave in as much as he could allow himself.
"I hate you." He whispered before he threw the mobile back on the desk.
Bucky who didn’t hug him back because he was in a cryogenic chamber.
He heard a pocket being opened.
"Sure uhm... I... we gotta get the doctor."
Be a man, Rogers. Be a man.
"Tony, no! Stay with me please. I’m sorry. I’m sorry Tony. All that I have done - You’re right it was my fault. You don’t have to forgive me but just listen to me!"
The next thing he saw were the cells, the dark figure opening one after the other. Tony motioned his hand and zoomed in as he got to Wandas cell. He could see the tall man crouching down in front of her, taking her in his arms and slowly opening the collar around her neck.
And then the man was right in front if him, staring at his blue eyes and smiling mischievously. "Now that I’ve done everything I can possibly think of, there is only one more thing I can do."
Who was there with Steve? What were they doing to him. He was getting so angry, his skin was curling as he heard the Captain reading.
"Yes. may I ask why you demanded this information?" Friday asked innocently and Tony smirked victoriously. "Because that’s where our golden boy is."
"How about this." The man said and before Steve knew what was happening, the man took a swing with his hand and stabbed the scalpel right into his side.
"Boss, you need to calm down. Your heart rate-"
And Tony couldn’t hold back a victorious laugh because when had Captain America ever seemed lost.
Tony. He wanted to say but his lips were stuck together like someone had just sealed them with glue.
"Do you mean Tolstoi?"
He was still dripping.
He felt like a lab rat. A laboratory experiment. Like Tony once said. He felt worthless.
"You missed me blondie?" The man sneered and Steve already had enough of him. "The name is Steve."
"I always wanted to see how you react when theres an electronic rod shoved down your throat." Steve jerked at that and his eyes snapped open when the cold metal pressed against his hard palate.
Steve didn’t comply, no not to this guy. He just couldn’t.
"Just know... I got your back. Always." Sam said nevertheless and Steve felt a grounding hand on his shoulder, giving him something steady to hold onto.
Silence.
"Get off jacket." The taller guy said with a heavy russian accent and was already pulling at the fabric.
"You’re a coward, you know that?"
"I know everything. Or a lot."
He couldn’t see what was going on but something was placed underneath his head. It sounded like the rattling of a bucket.
"Which part of you need to rest, didn’t you understand?" He nearly shouted and ran up to Steve, catching him in his arms. "I can stand!" Steve protested but he gave way and let Tony heave him back into the bed. "No, you can’t." He growled.
The man finally sat down on the wooden seat, his legs spread widely as he leaned forward, hovering above Steves thighs.
Tony leaves the mans office with a satisfied smile, praising himself for making it possible to allow Sam, Clint and Sam as well as Lang to walk on american soil without getting arrested the second they breathe.
"Most people do, don’t they?" He chuckled and Steve was too tired to follow him. He just wanted to eat something. His stomach was growling with the need to digest something. Anything. The last time he ate or drank was... Steve couldn’t even tell how long ago he had been kidnapped due to the drugs and being out of it multiple times.
"Stop it." He cried out when he was hit there again and again. The man took turns on his stomach too and Steve could see the red angry dots on his skin.
"Yes, thanks."
Tony ignored Steves words and searched for injuries. His hands wandered down on Steves legs. He saw the two huge wounds right over his knees. He winced at the sight. He opened the restraints easily and the skin underneath came away red, bruised and swollen. The mechanic massaged the abused skin there and gasped at how cold Steves feet were. Hands too. Like ice
His whole body was wet and glistening. But not with water, with sweat. His hair was wet too. Maybe it was the serum fighting the injected drugs or just his bodys way of coping with the fact that he had felt like dying over a stretched period of time.
He cleaned his throat again.
"Thanks Fri, I’m going to sleep."
He tried to focus on something, anything really. He fixated his eyes on the opposite concrete wall, tracing the cracks and holes.
——————
"How do you feel?" The sadistic voice said and Steve tried to blend it out, tried to stay calm.
He smiled a little. "Yes, Tony I’m sure."
Everything was hopeless.
"You don’t say." Steve let a quiet chuckle slip. Then his eyes fell and he hung his head in shame. "I thought you wouldn’t come and ... get me." Tony turned around, he couldn’t let Steve see him like this. He still felt awful.
"They what-?" Tony looked at him incredulously and finally it all made sense. The restrains were not made to hold somebody like Steve Rogers. The supersoldier would have easily escaped them.
The message said "Where the hell are you".
"Tony-" Can you stay with me? I’m scared.
"Korotsnik!" He shouted. What kind of name was that. Immediately, a guard stepped inside and ran to him.
But now all that anger had vanished.
"What do you mean you can’t find him? Where is he?!" Tony could hear the panic in his own voice.
"Say I’m sorry for being a brat, Sir. Final warning"
"For gods sake, Rogers. Just scoot over!" Tony muttered and jumped on the bed, careful to not bump into Steve.
Hell, he shouldn’t even be here. He should have went into the ice all those years ago and stay there.
He slowly tried to get himself into a sitting position. It probably took him minutes, his throbbing side making it a living hell.
He didn’t know when but his captor suddenly had two knifes in his hands.
"Hey, big guy. It’s me." A voice said and Steves eyes opened a little bit now, his mouth gaping in disbelieve.
"Listen, Steve. I know how hard this is for you. But you need each other. It’s also hard for him-" Steve sprinted for the phone again and held it in front of his mouth before he spluttered "H-How is he?"
He threw his backpack down on the bench, ripped it open and frantically searched for his phone. He sighed in relief as he felt it in his hands.
Tony had been staring at this phone for what felt like hours now. He thought about calling him. Call Steve. No not Steve. He thought about calling Rogers.
When he stepped into the building, he gasped in surprise because the ceiling was incredibly high, golden, massive chandeliers hanging down and lighting up the marble hall.
It was definitely Rogers. Without a doubt.
Sometimes he wished he could face him again and not hold back with his repulsors. Shoot and shoot until Rogers was bleeding and coughing and-
Steve was blinking the dripping blood out of his eyes as Tony responded "I’m going to tear you apart. You guys think I’m giving you answers to these shit show questions? What do you think, you think I’m stupid?"
He went downstairs into the cellar and put it in the corner. Covered with the soft material, the shield didn’t look like a weapon. It looked so innocent.
Steve didn’t say the words and after what felt like hours and hours of suffering, they finally stopped, left him to himself. He was swaying in and out of consciousness and he kept coughing up water even hours after they were gone.
"Get in." The taller guy hissed again and he was pushed inside.
And then his head was pushed down and dunked into ice cold water, making him trash in the restraints, panic. There was water filling his mouth and nose as he tried to get his head out but a hand over his face pushed him back in. All he saw were two faces looking down at him, a finger pressed over his eye and bubbles clouding his vision.
"Where’s my phone! Give it back you asshole!" He needed that phone. What if Tony was in trouble.
Tony.
"Steve-"
He whipped around, ready to snap at that guy. Who did he think he was talking to?!
"You need to get some rest, can you do that?" Steve nodded and immediately regretted it as pain raced down his side. He cringed. "Shh, I’m here." Steve looked up and really, there he was, Tony looming over him, a small smile on his lips as he looked right back at him. "Sleep." He said and Steve closed his eyes again.
"It was nobodys fault. Like you said." Steve told him with a smile. Tonys lips shut and gave him a small smile in return.
Steve went on "The fight we had was my fault. The split of the Avengers was my fault. It was all my fault. If I had told you... If I hadn’t fallen for HYDRAs trap you wouldn’t be concerned about me... See how I screwed up again? I endangered you and Natasha and Clint and Sam. I’m so-" pathetic.
Steve decided to not give the man the pleasure of an answer and looked to the side.
"The person who will bring you so much pain." A shadow appeared from the corner of the room, heavy armor covering his body. He must have been here all this time.
"Steve-"
He couldn’t finish the thought.
"So answer the questions or not. Your choice." The man simply stated and just like that the connection was gone.
Months passed. Months of not seeing his teammates except when he watched the news. He talked to Sam and Nat on the daily but he still hadn’t had the guts to call Tony.
"You look good like this. You don’t know how badly I want to get my knife on that throat." Steve had to swallow down a gulp of air which was kind of hard in his position.
They made their way over to the doors.
"Oh no..." A weird feeling rising in his stomach. "Friday, get the jet ready."
"Listen, Pep. I don’t wanna talk about it. I need some space. I need-" the doors slid open.
A gentle hand pushed down on his front. "Hey, careful Rogers. Lay down, will ya?" Tonys voice? Jesus, for one year Steve didn’t see him at all and now he was there all the time. Steve couldn’t believe his luck.
(See the end of the chapter for
But Tony wasn’t here. Steve slumped back into his seat as the cum dried and made him feel sick, cheap and so vulnerable it hurt.
"Maybe another time. Right now.. can we just-"
"What do you say, sweet thing?" And then he was touching him - there.
Steve looked up at the hotel and back at his phone. Was this Tonys way of saying: Come up here and visit me, we need to talk.
"My, my Captain. No need to get all worked up. I’m a.. how do people call it?" He came closer, setting screeching boot after boot on the concrete floor.
"Captain Rogers is no longer in Wakanda. I can’t find him on any camera or public place." Friday explained.
"Later." Steve said and Tony gazed at him just a second longer before he helped Steve out of the bunker.
"But only if you have time-" Steve added.
"No. It’ll heal. The wounds I mean." The memories will be burned into my brain forever. Serum makes me remember everything vividly.
The door was opened in one swift motion.
"It’s okay, Sam."
But he felt hands on his shoulders and he tensed up, flinched away from them. They stayed there.
Tony was staring at the shining shield in front of him. The bright colors of red white and blue stinging in his eyes. It had scratches and dirt on it. Memories came up. Bad memories mostly and he threw a huge sheet above it, gathering it up in his arms.
Steve carefully took a look inside. It was a big room, luxurious, renaissance and.. not really Tonys style. Maybe he wanted a change. "Tony?" Tony was nowhere in sight. There wasn’t even a bag standing on the counter or a curtain drawn back.
When was Tony going to be here?
Suddenly the man had a knife in his hand and slammed it into Steves leg, just above his knee cap. The air stopped in his windpipe and came out in ragged breaths. He curled in on himself but the man grabbed his hair and pushed his head back so far that his front was exposed.
By the end of it, he was covered in them, his chest, his arms, his legs. Everything was red and soon to be blue, bleeding.
"I can!"
He had to get this right. The team. Tony.
"There you go, big guy. You got nothing to worry about." Tony whispered and Steve felt the mans heart beating steadily, his chest rising and falling.
It was some time later (again, Steve couldn’t tell how much time had passed) when the door creaked open and Steve heard a pair of alarming combat boots hitting the floor.
A territorial description appeared on the hologram in front of him. He scribbled down some notes and mumbled incoherent stuff.
Steve sighed heavily, not wanting to meet Tonys eyes, he looked out of the window. "God Tony I feel... it’s hard to talk about feelings for me."
"Tony." He said, more like a question.
Maybe Ross wasn’t so wrong when he asked Tony to turn Steve over. Steve deserved it after all. Tony could even visit him then without the worry of getting hurt. There would be a thick, indestructible wall of glass between them and Tony could leave whenever he wanted. He could just leave Rogers to himself, in a cell. Or he wouldn’t visit him to make Steve suffer even more.
He tried to get on his feet and leave the sitting position but his body simply wasn’t able to hold him up. He slumped down on the seat again and huffed out a sigh of desperation.
His heart skipped a beat as he read who the message was from.
But it’s just what he did. He picked up the broken pieces all by himself. Every time.
"And my name is Sir." the man snapped back and pulled a seat right in front of Steves.
"You think Tony will save you? He’s probably glad that he finally gets rid of you. You’re a burden. Nothing else. All you brought him was war. He had to go through a war because of you. This mess, it’s all your fault." The words hit Steve much deeper than he liked to admit. It was true. It was so true. It was his fault and he knew it. He couldn’t expect Tony to save him. Why would he do him that favor.
"What were you expecting when you visited my room, Rogers?" Tony asked with a dirty smirk and got a blush as an answer.
Steve woke up to darkness. Immediately he closed his eyes due to the stinging, surging pain.
He felt circled and under observation, noticing the cameras pointed at him.
The moment was so private, so personal, just the two of them, Tony helping Steve to drink. It was surreal. Steve loved it.
Why did you do it, Rogers? It was all your fault. Tell me why.
"Say, yes sir." The man said calmly as if it was the most normal thing in the world. But Steve wouldn’t submit to an asshole like this.
The stairs were the worst thing and finally, Tony decided to gather Steve in his arms and flew him to the jet. The iron man suit was comfortable against Steves hot skin. He was home.
"Exactly. You’re hiding from him. You think he hasn’t found you yet? Tony could blow your covers in the blink of an eye." He sighs in frustration because on one hand he still trusts Tony enough not to let Ross catch him. On the other hand he goes to sleep every night with a weird feeling in his stomach, the thought of being taken in his sleep torturing his mind.
"But I should’ve-"
"Nat, you don’t know how I feel when I hear his name. My stomach turns and I feel so sick that I could vomit, cry and beg how sorry I am all at once. I’m just so..." sad.
And then, just for a few seconds, Steve looked like he had zoned out, standing completely still, staring at the blank wall, his chest heaving.
Do something in terms of meet Tony.
"Oh, it’s gonna be fun with you." He heard somebody say and he went still.
"One, two-"
They must have hit him with a syringe that made him numb and lose consciousness. Whoever made it, knew how to take out a Supersoldier.
"I-" Steves voice was ragged and rough as he forced the words out of his mouth. "I, Steve Rogers was captured by the last remaining heads of Hydra. No mercy. Just pain. Which is why-" A shudder went through Tony as Steve groaned in pain.
"For me it is." And Tony took a breath because he wanted to say something but he couldn’t think of anything fitting.
The young guard didn’t say anything in response when they were finished, he just left the room again.
"No Mr. Stark. We think you are a genius. Therefore you’ll be smart about playing with your friends life." The man said now, still sitting a few feet away from Steve.
All of it happened while there were two knifes stuck in his thighs. How fucked up was this.
And then, when those ocean eyes appeared in front of him, so familiar and calm, he swore to himself that he would rather kill that man than call him.
Steves eyes widened with fear. He didn’t want it. Not like this. He didn’t want this.
"I wish you a wonderful morning. What can I do for you, Sir?" The woman at the reception said and Steve snapped out of his trance.
"HE JERKED ME OFF, WAS THAT WHAT YOU WANTED TO HEAR?!"
"Good boy." He whispered in his ear and stroked over his chest and through his wet hair which would have been nice if the guy wasn’t who he was. If Tony would have done it- he would have leaned into it. He would have begged him to stay and do it again.
"Repeat." There was the hand over his face again. "NO-" Steve gasped but the rest of his words were muffled by the water and Steve tried to hold his breath but he didn’t last long, there still was water in his nose, burning and irritating.
"No sir, Captain Rogers is still-"
Silence.
It couldn’t be true.
They must have drugged him again.
Thanks for reading and stay tuned :P
"He needs some medical attention." Natasha pointed out and Tony looked down at Steve. He looked so young and vulnerable with his closed eyes. "I know."
"He tried to make me say stuff. It wasn’t that bad."
He nearly fell over on his way to the kitchen counter, grabbed his phone and held it in his hands, wishing so badly that it was him.
——————
"Thanks."
"What." Tony said and shrugged his shoulders as he turned off the lights and stormed out of the dark room.
And now he was living in his own personal hell.
"Tony, I don’t want to talk about-"
He huffed out a laugh at his thoughts. He was embarrassing and a mess. A true mess. He later on proved that to himself once again when he beat his fists bloody while destroying the punching bag.
He looked around the jet in confusion. The dull melody came from his bag. He slowly walked up to it and opened it. The song was now blaring through the room.
It was an action out of sheer panic.
Maybe Steve was just training in some Wakandan bunker where there were no cameras installed and where the chip in his jacket that Tony had designed for him didn’t work.
"I’m sorry, I thought they were going to let me see you." Steve mumbled, ashamed of how stupid and naive he had been.
"...Clint told ya, didn’t he."
Stay down, final warning.
"It also should be in your interest to get this man behind bars, Stark." Ross voice lowers as he searches for Tonys eyes.
Cap. That one again.
"I’m afraid you might be missing a point here. Steve Rogers wants to visit you. You are in Moscow, therefore he went to Moscow. It was all over the news. You were caught while eating at a restaurant, there are even videos and pictures of it." T’Challa stated and all color drained from Tonys face.
His already sore throat was burning and convulsing but the man didn’t stop and pushed it in further, making Steve cough and try to escape. His captor didn’t stop. He grabbed the back of his head and pushed him down on the stun gun.
"It’s safe, okay? Even I haven’t been there for years. I own the place. It’s huge. Now fuckin stop looking at me like I don’t own half the planet."
His breath hitched and his hand went to his neck, feeling numb as he touched his own skin. He heard something metallic clattering to the ground, like a pin only much louder.
I was wrong about you. I will never forgive you. All that you have done... there’s no going back and it’s all your fault.
It was Tony.
"Who is there." His voice was deep and successful in hiding his uneasiness.
Steve nearly crushed the phone in his hands.
"Was he responding?" He heard. Clint? "Yes, I think he’ll be okay until we reach our destination. I’ll let the Doctor there have a look at his wound." Tony said and Steve listened to his voice as he felt Tonys hand stroking carefully over his shoulder.
Tony was focused on the mans face as he stood up and held Wanda on her feet. "Stop the feed." He yelled and Friday did. "Zoom in on his face. Heightened quality please."
Very slowly.
Natasha looked at him. "You and I we go into seven. Clint, you can manage three?"
"Don’t worry about it. I’m okay now." Steve murmured but Tony knew that wasn’t true.
"Everything remains in its normal order except for Steve Rogers’ location."
"Y-Yeah." He mumbled and gave her a curt nod, not wanting to draw attention.
"Nothing. I want something from Stark. You’re just the means to an end, the functional instrument." And Steve sighed because wasn’t that how it always had been. Wasn’t that how everybody saw him? He just was a fighter, a soldier, a working defense. He wasn’t allowed to be egoistic. Never. Not until Bucky turned up.
Steve remained silent.
"Oh yes. A villain." The man was now in front of Steve and he could smell him, a penetrating scent filling his nose. It reminded him of Doctors and hospital beds.
"Trust me, you will." The man wrapped his arm around Steves neck, holding him in a chokehold. "Hold still." A searing pain raced through his body as Steve looked down and saw that there now was a needle stuck in his arm. Shit.
If he couldn’t talk to him on the phone, he just would have to meet him.
"Clint, whats your status." He felt weird since that part of the dialogue had always been Steves.
"I’m sorry-" he whispered as he leaned into the touch.
Tony watched as Steve slumped down in the chair in the jet. He watched as Steve fell asleep, absentmindedly tracing the mans eyebrows. He caught himself and felt a flush creeping up on his cheeks before he pulled away.
Where was the phone?
"I'LL NEVER SAY IT" Steve gritted, the knuckles of his hands turning white as they gripped the metal armrest. Steve was coughing up blood, his body was shuddering.
They were just like him. Sort of.
“What are you putting down for the bet then?” He asked, looking at Tony’s shoulders as they flexed against his tank top. Shit, he was good looking. Steve hadn’t even known he held interest in men until he’d met Tony. So that had been a shock.
“Have you considered reiterating the point?” Bucky asked and sat down in one of the visitor chairs. “He’s got a thick skull.”
Bucky sighed and out of the corner of his eye Clint saw him turn his own page. He was nearly positive Bucky was doing the same thing he did with his reports. Fifty pages about Steve asking the morlocks to leave the subway alone was unreasonable. There hadn’t been a single weapon discharged in the entire thirty-minute ordeal. “No. They’re not bright enough.”
Steve and Tony continue to be oblivious. Natasha has to get involved with Tony's wizard friend starts spending too much time at the tower.
They went quiet once they saw Tony’s open door. It wasn’t fair if they gave Tony too many hints. (Clint really needed Tony to win, he didn’t know what he’d eat if he couldn’t have pizza.)
“Myanmar, with Nat. He didn’t get me any details.” That was abnormal. It must have been something more secret than normal. “I’m just hanging out here until he gets home.”
“You bet on Natasha’s personal life against Clint?”
“It’ll probably be Barnes,” Tony admitted, as he started writing something down on the chalkboard that had been brought in for some reason. Steve thought Bruce had said something about liking the smell of chalk. “But I’ll put my money on Barton just for the sake of the bet.”
Steve shrugged his shoulders, watching Tony and Wanda. His shoulders drooped as Wanda was pulled into a twirl with a passing woman decked in rainbows. She let out a bright laugh and Tony tossed more confetti on her. “You know it’s not that I’ve got a problem with this, or anything…” He muttered, and Bucky nodded.
“Sometimes I rag on Clint for using trick arrows instead of real ones when we fight Hydra.” Bucky jolted forward and frowned at Tony. He snatched the tool out of Tony’s hand and pulled it out of his hand. “Watch what you’re doing man. I can feel this shit.
If he made it seem like Tony’s idea then they could probably get in a round or two in the lab. He smiled at the thought and put his magazine down on the work table. As Tony turned around, he unzipped his hoodie. He was dating an easily distracted man. A glimpse of muscles and Tony couldn’t focus on work.
Tony rolled his eyes, crossing his arms over the filthy t-shirt he was wearing. Ew.
“I’m his commanding officer. I get to visit when I want.” Steve leveled Bucky with a glare, crossing his arms over his chest. “What the fuck were you doing when Tony got hit with an EMP?”
Their apartment looked like a suicidal college student lived there. Clint had never once brought a book past its front door until Bucky had moved in.
Steve frowned, making sure the world knew he was disappointed in Clint. “You let someone get the drop on you, so you weren’t on our six.”
“Steve is having a meltdown.” Natasha dropped onto the couch between Clint and Bucky. In hindsight, Clint should have known he’d left too much space between their thighs. Perfectly spaced for their mutual ex-girlfriend. Weird.
Ew. Was Clint’s first reaction, but thankfully he kept it internal. Steve, however, didn’t seem to be having the same level of success. His face had gone slightly ashy and his jaw had dropped. That was Tony’s dad though. Ew.
Clint got the feeling there was more to it than that, but he wasn’t going to press. They had more important things to focus on anyway. Like getting the living Stark together with Steve. “Put me in a wheelchair, Buck. We’re going to go see Tony.”
Tony hummed as he picked up a bigger metal tool. He stared at it, weighing it in his hand. Clint thought he looked relieved at the new information. “Maybe you should just talk with him about it?” Bucky offered, leaning back slightly. He stared down into his own wrist and sighed. “Nothing is getting solved by you two being at each other’s necks.”
“So, I shot a couple of nameless Hydra idiots,” Tony waved the tool in his hand around and rolled his eyes, “they’re Nazis. The world is better off with them dead.”
Bucky stared at Clint, frowning slightly. He hadn’t cheated so Bucky could deal.
Bucky took his book back from Steve, “Clint’s been captured so many times I can’t even count them. It’s his modus operandi.”
Bucky shrugged one shoulder, “it was war. He was hot.”
Steve looked down at Clint, his brow furrowed. It seemed Bucky had finally told a lie too big. “You learn something new every day,” was the answer he settled on, and Bucky had to cover a snort of laughter with a sneeze.
. Whatever that meant.
“Thanks for that Buck,” Steve and Tony had apparently stopped arguing and Steve had made his way into the television room. Just in time to hear Bucky’s review of Clint’s dick sucking ability. Just what Clint had always wanted.
Tony rolled his eyes, “of course they’ve got magic rings now. That’s just what they need. Did you tell Cap?”
Bucky rolled his eyes but didn’t look up from his book. “You see the problem with that, Clint, is that you’d do anything I asked in bed because you’re a kinky shit.” Clint supposed that was true. There was very little Clint hadn’t done before he’d met Bucky. And Clint got the impression that Bucky hadn’t had the chance to get very creative before the war. “What do you want?”
“Stole it from Clint.” He lied. A piss poor lie, Clint thought. No one would believe Clint was intelligent enough to be reading a book like that in French. He had them all convinced he was an idiot. Except for Natasha, and she knew he’d never waste his time reading children’s tale’s like that.
As soon as he got off the morphine.
That wasn’t entirely accurate, Clint thought. They had been forced to go to a therapist in order to convince her their relationship wasn’t going to keep them from being effective at saving the world. They hadn’t had to attend more than one session because they’d been assembled, and Clint had made the responsible decision to save a child instead of Bucky after Bucky’d taken a knife to the neck.
Preferential treatment.
“If I remember correctly, I’m the one who initiated this,” he gripped Clint’s ankle, “the day we met.”
Steve had spent years lying for Bucky so he could get off with strange men in alleys. He should have been used to it Bucky thought.
The metal fingers wrapped around his ankle again, the thumb rubbing at the knot. “You do know how to give one hell of a suckjob.”
Bucky slid his hand into Clint’s back pocket, smiling softly over at him. Out of the corner of his eye he caught Steve checking over his shoulder, and sighed. “This is Pride, Buddy.” He turned back to Steve, pulling Clint up against his side. “It’s going to be fine, I promise.”
Steve glanced over at Tony. “You throw swell parties.”
“We’re making a bet on it?”
Steve smiled, knowing he’d hit a tender spot. Tony loved when he talked about technology incorrectly. It was basically foreplay. “Technology is just there to rot our brains out and make us sheep.”
Steve sighed, his shoulders dropping slightly. He had never actively attempted to keep Bucky from getting laid as far as Bucky remembered. It didn’t seem he was going to start either. With a small smile he grabbed the replica shield Tony had made him (adamantium was so cool, Bucky thought) and reached behind him to attach it to the magnetized bracers.
“He likes science. And you like telling people about stuff.” Steve grinned, making himself comfortable. “I’m sure you’re having an amazing time.”
“You weren’t even close with Howard, Buck.”
He eased himself out of bed, groaning when it pulled at the stitches. Doctor Cho had taken her flesh creating device with her and now he had to heal the normal way. Like a boring human. He eased himself down into the wheelchair and let Bucky turn it around.
“What do you want if you win?”
“It is really irritating how he won’t let me kill people.” Bucky agreed, shrugging his flesh shoulder.
Tony swayed closer to Steve, his eyes locked firmly on Wanda. Part of Bucky wanted to go make sure she wasn’t being kidnapped by the group of lesbians she was dancing with, but she was the Strongest Avenger so she’d be fine.
“He fell two hundred feet for a stunt!” Steve crossed his arms over his chest and when Clint glanced back at him he looked every bit the petulant child Clint had expected. Tony had dropped two hundred feet to change suits, but no one other than Steve had gotten the impression it had been a stunt. Steve was being dramatic because Tony was involved.
“I can see that.”
Bucky got up so he could grab the wheelchair. They had specifically been told it was only to help Clint get to the loo, but he was an adult. He could make his own decisions. And his decisions included going to check on Tony.
“You should just let Tony be Tony.” Clint offered as Steve took Bucky’s book from him. Bucky hated it when people took things out of his hands, but he let Steve get away with it because of their weird co-dependent life-long bond. Steve had been able to free Bucky from decades of brainwashing. He supposed that earned some concessions.
“We had to steal a pencil to write that contract.” Bucky told Natasha, as though the traitor actually remembered writing it, “That makes it extra binding.” He shrugged his shoulders, “Steve shouldn’t have to share Tony if he doesn’t want to anyway.”
“It’s just a bad habit, Buck.” Steve gave a wry smile. “You made me look out for fifteen years. It was my job to keep an eye out for cops, so you didn’t get carted off.”
“That’s probably way more illegal.” Clint agreed, leaning in to press a kiss against Bucky’s cheek. “I think Tony would really like your company. Here at Pride. You two could have a dance. It wouldn’t even be a big deal. It’s Pride.”
“I’m starting to worry they’re too stupid to ever figure it out on their own.” Clint said, waving at a nurse. She took one look at Bucky’s arm and then didn’t bother to say anything to them.
“It’s legal now, Rogers.” Bucky grinned, releasing Clint’s ankle so he could sit up and make space for his best friend. He stuck his tongue out at Clint, happy to ignore the red flush in Clint’s cheeks. “Clint and I won’t even have to do hard labor for holding hands.”
Steve shrugged and leaned against the door, locked into whatever 1940s bullshit argument had commenced. “Howard only liked Peggy really.”
Steve frowned at Bucky’s answer but didn’t say anything. He liked to pretend he didn’t think Clint was an idiot. He was afraid of offending members of his team. That was part of why normal people liked following him. (Clint personally preferred other team leaders, but that might have been because he was human.) It was also possible that Steve just hated calling Bucky out on his shit.
Natasha rolled her eyes and pushed Bucky off of her. As though she hadn’t imposed herself on their far more important discussion. “Just don’t go to the lab if having the wizard here bothers you so much, Steve.” She looked down at Clint and Bucky, “And Clint, try a new restaurant. The diner is terrible.” She smiled plaintively and moved swiftly out of the room.
Clint rolled onto his back so he could fully appreciate Bucky’s relaxed form. He could cut steel with that fucking jaw. It was perfect to sit on as well. And those muscles. Clint groaned appreciatively just looking at Bucky’s chest muscles through his black tank top. “What?”
“Tell me what they’re saying!” Clint hissed, leaning back further against Bucky. This was way less thrilling than debauching each other in an alleyway, but it was their life.
Steve has issues regarding Bucky, the police, and suckjobs in dirty alleyways. Wanda dances with a lesbian.
“Buckaroo and Birdboy.” Tony replied as if it explained what he was talking about. Steve had apparently tuned out the part of the conversation he was supposed to participate in. “Which one’ll figure out we’re doing to horizontal tango first?”
It wasn’t like Bucky had been thrilled when he’d had to stick his finger in Clint’s chest when he’d been shot.)
Clint nodded, his eyes locked on Tony and Wanda throwing rainbow confetti at passersby. It was her first Pride as well, but she was handling it far better than Steve. And she was from a socialist disaster of a country.
Tactical genius, indeed.
“I thought you were making uniforms this week, Tony?” Steve dropped into a chair near Bucky.
“Stark is dicking around with nanotechnology.” Bucky told him, answering the questions Steve had before he could ask them. “It’s fuckin’ cool.” He pointed at a jar of swarming shiny things, “I don’t think in Howard’s wildest imaginations he ever would have dreamed this sort of stuff could exist.”
Bucky turned the chair into Tony’s room. Other than a cast on his leg he looked fine. His face wasn’t even bruised. He must not have fallen too far. That seemed like a tactical error, Clint thought. “Heard you broke your leg.” Clint said when Tony didn’t react to their entry.
Clint realizes they need to expand their group of friends.
“Fuck, he’s dumb. I think the ice turned him stupid.” Bucky turned around and dropped back into his chair. His locked eyes with Clint and smiled at him. “He never had any game though.”
He and Bucky had things to do once the arm was fixed up.
“Don’t be dumb, Steve.” Bucky was on a roll, apparently, he was sold on Tony’s new ideas. That was probably dangerous as well. “You just gotta hold them off until someone can bring your shield.”
Clint waved lazily up at him. How he had become a spy, Steve would never know. “We’re gonna grab pizza from that place near our apartment tonight, want to join?” Bucky offered, reaching out to help Clint put his hand back by his side. He’d really gotten the good stuff.
Bucky rubbed Natasha’s thigh gently and shrugged his shoulder, “I’m contractually obligated to agree with whatever Steve’s position on the argument is as per the document I signed in 1925.”
Clint wanted to pat Bucky on the back, but his body hurt so he stayed still. He turned his focus to Steve to see what he reaction would be to Bucky’s words. They didn’t talk about Tony’s problems as a principal, and Steve liked to pretend Hydra wasn’t still floating around in Bucky’s brain. Steve’s greatest skill was staying in denial against all evidence, Bucky had told him. That seemed in line with everything Clint knew about the man.
And last but not least, pay attention. Pay attention to your plant, Steve. Because once you plant something, make sure that was the worthiest and most important thing you did in your life because you have to be responsible for something you planted. You can read newspaper to your beautiful plants, talk to them, touch them and feed them every day and do whatever makes you feel your plants inside your heart.
Second Reminder: It's okay to be upset sometimes. It is All right, my dearest Steve. You can cry, break things, mistreat others (though I know you never do), sleep for hours and be angry. But you should never hurt yourself. You know being sad is one of the feelings we all experience sometimes in our whole lifetime. But don’t you think it would be better if you just draw it, talk about it or even write about it instead of working out so hard and passing out at the gym? (I am not a stalker; I am just keep running into you by accidents!)
So here are some reminders for you so whenever you feel not so good just like now, you can read them and realize how important and valuable you are.
First of all, you have to decide what seed you want to plant in the ground to grow. I would have to say, it depends on the situation you have, or the personality you have. That was the first mistake I made when I was confused right the moment I saw you. You were breathtaking, but I didn’t want my breath to take away. You were stunning, but I didn’t want to stare at you for an hour every second you looked at me. I chose to lose the feelings I had for you to relieve myself. But then somehow, sometime, somewhere, you will realize, my dearest Steve. You will realize you have to plant the seed of love and grow it like that is the only thing that left for you on the planet. Do you want me to tell you more about it? So listen to me.
And do you know how many times I had stopped myself to do that?
I was looking at the sky today very deeply; so I thought, it reminds me of you.
is what you need.
Thank you for spending your time to read my worthless letter. I will make sure to write a worth-to-read letter next time.
My letter was not worthless this time at all because it was all about you and everything about you is worthy.
“ Dear Steve,
Do you like growing plants?
I would love to think you do; or at least, you don’t hate them.
Perfect is an adjective; it means something you have in you and describes you; not something you have born with it. You grew it in you. And it means a person who is trying to be nice, polite and gentle; but they also know the fact that humans cannot carry the word "perfect". So the perfect persons call it trying, but I say it they can’t be perfect all the time. You know, I said it before; there would be a storm or a thunder sometimes. So I would like to think a perfect person is nice most of the time; but not all the time and I would like to define you as a perfect person because I accept you with all your rainstorms because I know how broken you feel sometimes. I wish I could hold you and tell you everything is okay; you are okay. You are perfect to me.
Tony reached out and took Steve’s hand into his own. He squeezed it gently and nodded. “So, yeah.”
Clint could nearly feel the righteous indignation radiating off of Steve before the man said anything. “That is inappropriate!”
“On the bet.”
“Aw, boyfriend no…” Clint pouted, “It’s supposed to be sexual.”
“Hey Buck.”
Bucky’s lips curled and he rolled his eyes. “Thanks Wade. As always, you’ve shined a light on the situation.”
Bucky turned the page, his eyes scanning the words as though having a conversation didn’t affect his ability to comprehend what he was reading. It probably didn’t. “You’ve gotta go a week without eating pizza.”
Steve furrowed his brow and turned on his heel to leave the room without another work.
“He lives in New York, Tony.” Steve burst into the room, walking right past the tangle on the couch. Clint couldn’t help but roll his eyes. It was getting annoying watching the pair of them argue about everything. “He doesn’t need to stay here.”
Clint shook his head. He was absolutely not going to mess with Bucky’s arm. That was the stuff of his nightmares. The arm could go inside Clint, but Clint wasn’t going into the arm. He had rules.
Steve frowned. “That’s illegal Buck.”
“He’s done a mostly decent job of that himself. Even before you were in his life.” Clint turned the page and looked down at a picture of the standoff. It looked as boring as it sounded. “Other than, you know, getting captured by terrorists a couple of times. But who here hasn’t been captured by terrorists a couple of times?”
He did look amazing in that black tank top. Big fan.
“Your two-hour argument with Tony was thrilling by the way.” Clint stated, his eyes locked back on his report. He still wasn’t reading it, but with Cap in the room he had to at least look like he cared about protocol.
Peter Parker had become a feature in Steve’s life despite his best interests to ignore the strange child.  With Peter Parker came the worse addition of Wade Wilson, who – now that Peter was eighteen – seemed to be around constantly. It was an improvement from when that dirty chaotic journalist had been lurking around though.
Bucky stuck his tongue out and sat his hands on her thigh. He knew how things were as well. “Tony’s messing around with the wizard?”
Bucky snorted. “Steve isn’t with Wilson.” Good, Clint thought. Bucky wasn’t dedicated to the bet enough to let people think Steve was sleeping with Sam.
“Of course, we are!” Tony waved his chalk through the air, still not looking at Steve. Whatever he was making was more interesting than the smedium shirt Steve had picked out for the occasion. Tony liked his grey Nike shirts. “I make bets about everything our friends do. I had to outfit Clint’s entire apartment building with StarkTech after betting him that Bruce and Nat were going to get together before last Christmas.”
“Do you think he’s enhanced?” Steve asked, suddenly curious. It hadn’t occurred to him before, but Clint did seem strangely hard to kill.
“You’re going to have to live with it.”
“He’s good at getting people to bed.” Clint shrugged, tilting his head to watch the disaster unfolding. “Howard was kinda like my dad, Tony’s a bit weird with emotions.”
“Why?” Steve asked cautiously, not wanting to put a damper on Tony’s parade, but also not sure why this new upgrade was necessary. He very rarely found himself in situations when he needed to dress up in his spandex without at least enough warning to grab it and put it on.
Peter between the two men and then over at Wade, who shrugged his shoulders. They probably weren’t privy to the issue there. They weren’t exactly out publicizing it.
Bucky rolled his eyes back. Tony was being a child. “Go to couple’s counseling then. Clint and I went once.”
Fair, Clint thought. The document was hanging in a museum. That probably made it extra-binding.
Bucky shrugged and glanced over to Clint. He was thinking the same thing. “He has to make up for me.”
“Howard told me.” Bucky’s tone indicated that Steve should have been able to guess where he’d gotten the intel.
“You’re getting on to him for being deaf?” Bucky stood up and put himself directly between Clint and Steve.
The look Natasha leveled him with told him that she knew he was playing dumb. She hated when he played his part. “Because they’re in love with each other, Clinton.” She crossed her arm over her chest and dropped back against the couch. “Bruce says they’re playing us, but Steve is probably the worst liar I’ve ever met.”
Natasha tilted her head, listening to the arguments in front of her. Clint was pretty sure the three of them were on the same page here, but he wasn’t going to interrupt.
Bucky nodded, “Clinton is a purveyor of fine literature. Our apartment looks like a rare book store.”
“Sorry.” Bucky leaned back in his chair.
Gross.
“Swell, he says.” Tony chuckled softly. “I mean talking about shit. Being honest.”
Clint hated new things.
The strangled noise that escaped Tony’s throat was more than worth it.  Seeing Tony Stark go without internet for a week would be hilarious. He would probably film the day two meltdown. “Why?” He asked, putting his chalk down. When he turned around Steve noticed there was white powder all over the front of his tank top. Steve shrugged. “Fine, if I win then you gotta let me put internet in your apartment.”
Clint said it was better that way, otherwise Steve’s competence kink would have gotten a hardon just thinking about Bucky’s
Tony had been fine when Clint had been taken by surprise. He hadn’t even been aware Tony had also been injured in the fight. There were four other people on the team, he wasn’t sure why it was his fault Tony had been injured. It wasn’t as though he had some sort of anti-EMP arrow.
“So yeah, I get the appeal of a Stark. I was just smart enough to bag one, unlike other people in this room.” Bucky crossed his arms over his chest. Clint wasn’t certain if Bucky was telling the truth or if he was just trying to rile Steve up to win the bet. Appealing to Steve’s competitive side was a good method, Clint though.
“That’s hardly the same thing.” Steve frowned and reached out to take the book from Bucky. “Where’d you even get a French copy of this book?”
He just stared at the pages and turned them after an appropriate period of time.
“I’m not good at this shit.” Tony dropped down into the chair next to Steve. His gaze remained on the rest of the team, milling about the space he’d set out for their team building party. Bucky and Clint were being nearly indecent against one of the walls. Clint got handsy when he drank and Bucky lived to please.
“Isn’t he kinda cute when he’s riled up though?” Clint asked, glancing over to see Tony opening the panels on Bucky’s wrist. That seemed unnecessary, but Tony had a hardon for the arm so…
“That is hardly the same thing, Bucky,” Steve shot back, “you’ve always been an idiot about your boyfriends. I’m pissed because a member of our team got hurt because Clint wasn’t there.”
(Clint wanted it on the record, however, that he fucking loved Bucky. The arm was part of Bucky and so he even loved the stupid Russian star on the shoulder that had branded Bucky as property. It was fucking normal, though, to not want to look inside the Star Light of Your Life
Bucky shook his head. He did not, in fact, remember that ever happening.  He did remember the police having wooden clubs they used to terrorize people, but that was it. “Try to enjoy yourself. Tony said it’s the biggest party of the year.
“Very.”
Tony looked back at him, eyes drifting over Steve’s torso. Perfect. “His blood says no. He just doesn’t die I guess.” It was a good skill to have when hanging around The Avengers he supposed. Barton had been near death more times than Steve could count. “I guess carnie life makes people more durable.”
“’Bucky and Clint said we should have a dance, I’m not much of a dancer.’ Fuck. He’s got no game.” Bucky whispered into Clint’s ear, doing his best to make sure Steve didn’t catch them. “Tony says, ‘don’t worry, it’s just about having a good time.’ I thought he was good at this shit.”
Bucky grinned and nodded his head. Exhibitionism made Clint happy, and making Clint happy made Bucky happy. Besides, it was somewhat thrilling knowing they could get caught. Especially if they weren’t going to go to jail in the end. “Clint’s into doing shit in public. He’s a performer at his core.”
Clint frowned, “as long as I can get coffee.”
“FRIDAY isn’t hooked up to yours.” Steve knew that, and it was exactly the point. Tony needed to detox from all of the technology.
“One, Stark the first was almost as weirdly obsessed with you as Baby Stark,” Bucky started, shaking his head when Steve tried to respond to that mess of a sentence,  “and two, I was sleeping with Howard.”
“Even our scientists are less intelligent than the ones in my day.” It would be more than enough to set Tony off and get him to forget their ridiculous bet in an attempt to prove he was better than Howard. He brought his magazine up again, rereading the section on cleaning mufflers.
Steve thought that was a bit rich coming from Tony, considering the number of times he hadn’t died in the past. For which Steve was grateful.
He needed to never meet Matt Murdock.
V + I
“He’s just so self-righteous.” He heard Tony tell Bucky and knew who he was talking about even without other context clues. They were in for another round of Tony and Steve being too dim to know they were in love. Awesome. “How do you even put up with that?”
Steve nodded, “probably.” Tony could do anything he set his mind to, Steve had learned early on not to doubt Tony. Probably around the time he got caught in the propeller of a helicarrier.  Definitely by the time he’d flown a nuke into space.
He finished reading just in time to hear, “and another thing, they gave you heroin for asthma and told you to smoke” which was, Steve though, an incredibly good argument. He did still enjoy a good Marlboro.
“Remember that time you got cracked over the head with a billy club?”
It did make sense though.
Steve furrowed his brow, looking deeply betrayed at Bucky’s words. Greatest military mind Clint’s ass.
“What the fuck Clint?” Steve stormed into the medical room in which Clint was being held hostage. One of the Hydra goons had stabbed him in the stomach and pushed him out of his perch. Steve didn’t usually gripe at him for getting injured though. Bucky had already scolded him for managing to land on the only rock for two miles, and that had seemed sufficient.
Bucky nodded. Bucky was always down for killing Hydra.
Those were valid points, Clint though, and he noticed Bucky nodding. They were all in agreement it seemed. Bruce’s theory was stupid. Though he spent the most time with Tony. Tony would tell him secrets like that.
“No.” Bucky frowned at the same time Tony let out an emphatic “yes.”  Clint smirked, staring directly at his boyfriend.
If Bucky could get with a Stark then Steve could do it too. And Tony was conveniently there.
And so when Steve walked into Tony’s lab to check on the status of the new uniform he apparently needed, he was not surprised to see Peter Parker standing on the ceiling and Deadpool lying on one of Tony’s tables. He was equally unsurprised to hear Peter Parker rambling about old ladies giving him and Wade snacks. The surprise was seeing Bucky lounging in a desk chair, with no Clint in sight.
Bucky’d always been very single minded about sex. Even when it had been illegal.
“Probably.” Tony didn’t bother to look up, “This is just phase one. I can probably do anything once I figure it out.”
