Just thinking of all of these additional irritations had Castiel practically seething when his husband walked into the kitchen.
“I’m glad,” Castiel said with a smile, and kissed him. “They seemed rather taken with you as well.” He took their bowls to the counter and a smile spread across his face when he felt strong arms sliding around his waist and soft lips pressed to the skin of his neck. And he leaned into the touch, grabbing Dean’s arms and holding them around his middle, and closing his eyes.
Dean chuckled. He was going to miss this kid.
He heard the voice over the intercom just then calling for his flight to start boarding.
Dean flinched slightly but answered. “Since I was five,” he said.
Twenty minutes. Twenty minutes and he would be standing at the alter, waiting for Lisa to walk down the aisle.
“Mom?” Dean said, his eyes not even open. “Dad? What’s going on? Where am I?” And Castiel found that his voice sounded different without the mask. Clearer, and less muffled of course, but deeper almost, and sweeter, too, with a sort of innocence to it.
“Thank you,” Dean said.
Panic started to seep through his veins. How long had Dean been sick? And he was out here all alone, no one to take care of him, for the past three days. Castiel felt horrible now for not coming sooner. And what if this whole thing had happened because he’d insisted on dragging Dean out into the snow the other day?
Castiel stood.
, Dean thought,
“Tell me about it,” Dean replied as they headed next door to their own room.
And they fell onto the bed, Dean on his back, and Castiel leaning over him, their mouths pressed to each other’s once again.
*************
, he thought to himself, as he slid on his boots and coat. He grabbed Dean’s coat and jerked the front door open calling his name, and stopped himself when he saw the man sitting on the rocking chair on the front porch, arms wrapped around himself, hunched over, rocking and shivering.
They met two or three times a week for tutoring and Cas couldn’t help but wish it was more. Dean flirted with him constantly and Castiel tried to flirt back but he wasn’t sure if he was any good at it. He was attracted to Dean, but he’d only ever been with women before and flirting with a man was new territory for him.
“You ready?” he heard, and looked up to see Castiel standing in front of him. And apparently the meeting was over, and he hadn’t even noticed because he was too busy freaking out like a frickin thirteen year old girl. A thirteen year old girl who’d been having spicy dreams about a coworker that is, so okay, maybe this was a slightly different scenario, but Dean still felt like he was back in junior high. He had to pull himself together. He’d done it once, for an entire year, kept his feelings for Castiel in check, and he could do it again.
“But, you’re not well yet, Dean, I can’t . . .” Cas argued, pleaded with the other man. “I’m not scared of you, Dean. I . . .”
“Is there something I should know?” Principle Ackles asked.
Cas chuckled as he felt Dean’s lips on his cheek. “I love you too, Dean,” he said.
Damn, those thighs were perfection. Not that that was surprising given what the rest of Cas’s body looked like, but Dean hadn’t expected to get the full picture.
"Sure," Castiel said, ruffling her blonde hair.
“Personal reasons, I guess,” Castiel said, looking down.
Bobby pulled back the curtain then and entered the kitchen, closing it behind him.
“Good morning, gentlemen,” Mr. Ackles said, and gestured for them both to sit as he took a seat behind his desk.
"Lead the way," he said.
She grinned. “You were there all afternoon?” she asked.
“Hey,” he said softly, "talk to me. What’s wrong? I get the feeling there’s some sort of story here I’m not aware of.”
Anna would go to the local taverns on occasion with her friends and invite him to go along but it wasn’t his thing. He much preferred a warm cup of tea and the solidarity of a good book to the ruckus of the bars. And he found it difficult to socialize on the rare occasions when he did make it out. He’d never been much of a people person. They were confusing, difficult to read and understand, yet he could get lost in his books and his wood work for hours and feel content and at peace. That was what made him happy.
Dean blinked. “Oh,” he said. “I, uh, I see.” Shit, he really wished he could have thought of something more encouraging to say to the kid but he was tongue tied. Cas was gay? Shit, the boy he was head of heals for was actually interested in dudes?
“It has a different meaning for me now, though, than it did then,” Cas continued, and he looked right into Dean’s eyes.
Cas chuckled and looked down at himself. “They’re in the dryer,” he said. “I’m waiting for them to get done.”
He’d never met anyone who loved to read as much as he did.
Dean’s eyebrows narrowed. “Look, I said I was trying. I don’t think it makes sense. We’ve been over this. But I’m still trying to remember because I now it bothers you, but sometimes I just don’t have time. Like I have to get back to work right away, or I need to use the bathroom cuz I’m about to explode, or the kids need me, and I just don’t have time. And yeah, sometimes, I forget, okay, or sometimes, I’m just damn lazy, and I’m sorry. I’ll try to be better. But you know, you aren’t perfect either.”
“As out as one can be, I think,” Dean replied. “My family knows. My friends know. I’m not saying it’s all been sunshine and roses. But along the way I realized it was harder to hide my true self than it was to be honest, especially anytime I found myself interested in a guy. And the person I was really hurting in the end, was me, and it wasn’t worth it. If I told people and they couldn’t accept it, that was on them. And yeah, it hurt, the friends or family I thought or hoped would stand by me and didn’t, but ultimately it was okay in the end because I was my authentic self, and that made me happier than my relationships with them. And if they couldn’t accept me and support me in that, then they weren’t really my family or friends anyway. You’ll find your tribe, Castiel, and it might not be the people you thought it would be. And there will be a grieving period if you lose people, but there are people out there who will love you and support you, too, and you will also find tremendous freedom in living your own life as your truest self with someone that you love.”
Dean lowered his head again and bit his lip. “Cas, stop,” he said again. “Please. You can’t say that.”
“What makes you say that?” he asked.
But then his stomach sank, and he frowned, and his chest tightened. Would Castiel still be flirting with him if he saw who he really was, underneath the mask? If he knew the truth about what Dean had done?
Cas frowned and his shoulders slumped, but he kept his eyes on Dean.
Dean was crying now, and Cas shook his head, and brought Dean’s head down to his chest and held him once again, tightly. “You are so beautiful, Dean,” he said. “If it takes a lifetime of me telling you that for you to believe it, I will. We all have parts of us that we don’t want to be seen. That we’re embarrassed or ashamed of. For me, for the longest time, it was my sexuality. I thought there was something wrong with me when I realized that I was attracted to men and not women. I thought I needed to be fixed. But, Anna, she helped me realize that there was nothing to fix.”
Anna gave him a sad smile. She dawned her cloak, and placed a chased kiss on the cheek of Dean’s mask.
And so he lay in his bed that night, tears sliding down his cheeks, and when he wiped them away more followed, and he found himself sobbing, over a boy, over
“I was gonna tell you after class, but I didn’t get the chance,” Castiel said, “but I thought I’d let you know that that letter of recommendation you wrote for me got me accepted into Stanford. And I got a scholarship.”
“We will gladly accept your offer, Dean,” she said, walking over to him. “Thank you for welcoming us into your home.”
“You should rest,” Cas said. “I’ll make you some tea first, and then you should sleep.”
Castiel sighed and his leg bounced up and down. He bit his lip and ran his fingers through his hair. “I don’t think so. She didn’t seem to be enjoying herself much anyway.”
“I’m sure you will,” Castiel said. “That’s okay. Tears are never wrong, Dean. Especially when they help us heal.”
It was fall, and Dean loved fall, and everything that came with it, especially pumpkin spice, so he got in line to order his favorite pumpkin spice latte and that’s when he got a glimpse of something, or rather, someone in the corner of the cafe that made his heart stop, and he stared.
Cas was crying now too. “Was it just me, Dean, that wished that trip to DC never ended, so that I could keep waking up next to you every morning?”
His heart rate picked up, his chest tightened, and his breath caught in his throat. He swallowed. “Why aren’t you afraid of me?” he asked as he started to tremble. He couldn’t help it.
“For what?” Castiel asked.
“Cas, will you marry me?” Dean asked.
“Oh my God,” Cas whispered as tears filled his eyes. He was shaking, the gears in his head working so hard to try and keep up with what was happening right in front of him.
“Castiel, I’m surprised at you,” Anna said, narrowing her eyebrows. “Mother and Father always taught us not to judge a book by it’s cover, remember?”
And he left, feeling slightly less relieved than he had the first time he’d said goodbye to the man in the fox mask.
Their afternoon had been quiet and calm. He’d made a conscious effort not to mention Dean’s mask. Although he did feel bad when he noticed that Dean continued to offer him food and drink but did not take any for himself and he realized that maybe he should cut his visits shorter for that reason. He did not want to make Dean feel uncomfortable in his own home and the poor man was going to starve to death if Castiel continued to stay for as long as he had today.
As he left the shop he heard Meg mutter under her breath, “Makes me wish I was gay, and a dude.”
“If you say so,” Dean said.
Dean smiled and nodded.
“No,” Dean said, in a barely audible whisper now, and he was trembling once again, his hand reaching up to grip Castiel’s forearm.
But Cas laid wide awake for several minutes, unable to fall asleep.
And the fact that he was interested in one of his students was, he knew, not okay.
Dean’s breathing was even and his chills had diminished from the previous night. Castiel prayed that his fever would be gone by this evening.
Dean looked at him. “I’m sorry,” he said eventually. “That must have been hard.”
because he actually sort of, maybe
“She enjoyed being outdoors, but she died before we moved here,” Dean said, looking down, his hands in the pockets of his pants.
“Would you like some food, or something to drink?” he said. “Anna liked the tea I made for her.”
“Is there any reason whey we can’t share the bed?” Cas said. “I mean, this is kind of stupid. It’s plenty big for both of us, and I’m not gonna sleep cuz I feel guilty that you are on the floor, freezing your ass off, and you aren’t gonna sleep cuz you’re on the floor, and we have a long day tomorrow, and we had a pretty exhausting day today, so I’m just saying, this whole thing is pretty dumb. We’re not gonna catch cooties or anything. We can be grown up about this, right?”
“I . . .” Dean was hesitating, but he didn’t know why. “I’m Dean,” he said eventually.
He sniffled and buttoned the sleeves of his suit jacket, and wiped more tears away, and his chest heaved.
And Dean’s face fell.
“Whatever you want to do,” he said, pulling away. “We can take it slow. But just think about it, okay? I really think the people in the town would be more accepting than your father led you to believe. It’s a big world, Dean, and you fit. I promise.”
“Dean,” Castiel said softly, sadly, squeezing his hand.  “How long has it been since you looked at yourself?”
He pushed himself up on his knees now and reached slowly towards Dean’s face once again, and the other man was trembling, and crying still, but he did not pull away as Castiel brushed his fingers along his cheek. And Dean closed his eyes and allowed himself to savor the touch and then looked into Castiel’s eyes.
“I do.”
“I’m sure it’s not as bad as all that,” Dean tried to assure the boy.
Dean was crying now. And Cas continued softly.
Dean grinned and nodded.
“Hey, this is exciting, huh?” Castiel said as they boarded the plane for Washing DC a month later. He was wearing jeans and a Stanford hoodie and had his coat slung over his arm and a duffle bag over his shoulder. “I remember doing this as a senior. Can’t believe I’m a chaperon now.”
“Know that you are in a safe space, and that if at any time you feel overwhelmed, it’s okay to stop, and just focus the attention right back here, on your breath.”
“Okay, a metra fuckin ton,” Cas said, with a small chuckle. “I wasn’t gonna mention it.”
“I’m sorry it took me so long to ask you out,” Dean said, and Cas looked at him. “I think I was just nervous.”
And Dean sat, and buried his face in his hands and sobbed.
“Dean?” he said eventually. “You awake?”
And when he woke up the next morning, staring into sapphire eyes, he found himself wishing he could make this trip last forever, because he didn’t want to let these moments go.
And Castiel looked at him, sapphire eyes wide and soft. “It’s delicious,” he said. “And, if I’m being honest your soup the other night was delicious too. You are a very good cook, Dean.”
“No,” Dean stated emphatically. “Not gonna happen.”
“Uh hu, yeah,” Dean teased. “I’m 29, Cas, not 70, I can sleep on a floor for a few nights.”
And Cas laughed. “You’ve never built a snowman? Or made a snow angel? Or had a snowball fight?”
Dean was more than a little surprised when he was called into Principle Ackles’ office the next day and Castiel was there as well. He’d never been “summoned” to the Principle’s office before and he felt a bit like a delinquent student and wondered what on earth was going on and what he could have possibly done wrong. Was he in trouble? Was he getting fired? Why was Cas here too?
Dean shook his head now, facing away from Castiel. He bit his lip and wiped the tears from his cheeks. And when he spoke it was barely a whisper.
Dean grinned. “I don’t know, the shock might kill you.”
And Castiel did.
The man with the fox mask cleared his throat, and she was pretty sure if she could have seen his face it would have been tinged with pink.
Castiel didn’t even look at him. “No thank you,” he said tersely.
Math had always been his Achilles heel though, and being in college hadn’t changed anything. If anything it just made him feel more insecure, more stupid. Everyone passed the entry level math course, but not him. And not only did he not pass it, but he needed help as well, so now here he was, at the library, waiting to meet his tutor.
And it wasn’t until Castiel’s fingers brushed against his cheek, that Dean’s consciousness took full effect, and his eyes went wide.
Castiel was eighteen when Dean fell in love with him. He couldn’t help it. Castiel was beautiful. Dark hair that always looked like the boy had been running his fingers through it endlessly, striking blue eyes, thick, chapped lips, a breathtaking smile, and the most infectious laugh Dean had ever heard.
Castiel tore his gaze away from Dean and ran his fingers through his hair. He let out a deep breath.
“You can’t leave it like that,” she’d said. “You have to try again. He needs friends, Castiel. And Lord knows, so do you.”
“Goodnight, Castiel,” Dean said softly. “Thank you. Turns out I’m not as spry as I thought.”
“Fine, sir,” Dean replied, still confused.
“So what to do you do all day, up here, by yourself?” he found himself asking. “I mean, you are by yourself, right? I didn’t see anyone else around for miles.”
“In the meantime, you keep him hydrated, keep administering the herbs, either in tea, or water, or soup, anything he can get down. Make sure he’s staying hydrated and getting plenty of rest.”
Dean hummed and stepped in between Cas’s legs, sliding his arms around his husband’s waist and pulling him closer. “I got an idea for how we can pass the time,” he said, his voice low and sultry, and Cas leaned in. And then, instead of kissing his husband, Dean turned his head, and took a bite out of his donut.
The knocking grew more incessant and he swung the door open, gun in hand, and was met by striking blue eyes and dark tousled hair, and he cocked his head to the side, taking the stranger in.
Anna’s eyes softened, and she wanted to say something but a wave of dizziness washed over her and she found herself stumbling forwards and resting her hand against the wall to keep from collapsing.
“Worth a try,” Castiel said. “Come on, let’s switch.”
But the warm arm around his chest and the soft lips pressed against his neck made the early morning hours a little more bearable, and he smiled despite his fatigue as he turned to face his girlfriend.
And he made up his mind right then and there, that this wedding was going to happen. No more second guessing. No more second thoughts. Lisa was a good person, and he cared for her, and she loved him. They were good together. He could be happy with her. And he was going to forget about Castiel once and for all.
“I’m Anna, by the way,” she said.
He repaid him with food and another book which Castiel deemed was much better than money and gladly accepted.
He moved to the side and squatted down now, looking up at Dean, the other man’s eyes glistening with tears.
And his chest began to hurt as Dean’s hair tickled his jaw. Because he knew this was as close to the man he loved as he would ever be.
“Stay,” Dean whispered.
And Cas smiled and joined him, laying on top of the covers, but moving close. And when Dean brushed his foot against Cas’s he returned the favor.
“Pie,” Dean said.
“Oh, God,” Castiel breathed. “Sir, I can explain.”
And he ran his hand over his face and let out a deep breath.
“Why not?”
“I take it a library, donuts, and coffee would be your perfect day,” Dean said, coming up behind Castiel as he looked around.
“How are you feeling?” the other man asked gently.
The man was silent for a moment. He looked down and then back up at her before saying softly, “It was my mother’s.”
“Don’t you get lonely out here, by yourself?” Castiel asked, looking around then. “Do you ever go into the village? Go shopping, go to the taverns? Anything? It’s a nice town. Nice people.”
“Dean?” Cas said, searching his boyfriend’s face, and his hands went to his mouth when Dean reached in his coat pocket and pulled out a silver ring and held it up.
“Oh,” Castiel said. “My parents died a while back. I miss them a lot too.  Anna and I, we kept each other going. I think Anna did more for me than I did for her. I was kind of a mess, honestly, and being the oldest she picked up the slack, but we got through. I don’t know what I’d do without her.”
“I uh, I wanted to thank you, actually,” Castiel said. “For that talk on prom night my senior year. It really helped me, more so than you realize. I told my parents about a year after I graduated high school.”
They arrived in DC in the evening and headed straight to their hotel to check in. Dean and Castiel were not the only chaperons but they were the only male ones and as such they would be sharing a room. They made sure their students were settled and knew the rules. No loud noises, no sneaking out, no drinking, etc. Fortunately they had a good group of kids and weren’t worried about their behavior. They were only allowed to go on this trip if they were trustworthy and reliable after all, and they knew if any of them acted up or misbehaved they would be getting hell from their parents who had payed a bundle to make this trip possible in the first place. Half the students had worked their asses off to pay for the trip themselves.
“He’s right, Castiel,” Anna said.
“I like you, Cas,” Dean said as they stared at the night sky. “I like you a lot.”
The problem was, Dean couldn’t tell him. Dean couldn’t tell anyone. Hell, he’d been trying for a long time not to even tell himself.
"Thank you, Dean," he said, and hugged his husband tightly once again.
“I like being alone,” Castiel said dismissively. He avoided Anna’s gaze and finishing up the banana bread and the water, and then went back to work.
“Did I snore last night?” he asked, grimacing.
“Sorry for the early morning everyone,” Principal Ackles said, addressing the room full of exhausted teachers and staff, “but we had a phone call from Mrs. Anderson last night and she’s informed us that she’s been instructed by her doctor to be on bed rest until her baby is born so she’ll be at home for the foreseeable future, and we hired a teacher to take her place, and I wanted to introduce him to you. He should be here any minute. He’s actually a former student who graduated from Stanford recently and moved back home, and has taken this position very last minute, so he’s doing us a big favor.”
“But we are going to
“Like what?” Castiel said as they made their way through the woods. He had a feeling he wasn’t going to like what Anna suggested and he was right.
The man was at her side in an instant.
“Oh, God, Dean,” Cas said, anger boiling inside of him now at the man Dean’s father had been. He didn’t know how Dean had survived with that man as long as he had, or how he’d ended up with the tender and compassionate heart and soul that he had with everything that he had been through. No one deserved to be treated like that. No one.
God, he felt like such an idiot. He couldn’t believe he had to have a tutor. Having a tutor for Physics or Calculus, or Trigonometry, or Latin, or something he deemed actually counted as a difficult course was something he could live with, but
Dean smiled and pressed a soft kiss to his husband’s hair. “You’re welcome,” he said. “You’re a good dad and a good husband, too, Cas. We’re in this together. Always. No matter how much we drive each other crazy.”
Castiel gave him a small smile, but Dean noticed that it was a sad one. “Thank you, Mr. Winchester,” he said. He paused for a moment before speaking again, nervously. “You, uh, you seem to know a lot about this,” he said. “Are you . . .?” He gazed at Dean, biting his lip, his blue eyes intense and questioning.
Anna noticed and smiled playfully at her brother and offered to get him seconds, but he declined. His stubbornness was winning out over his hunger.
“Hello,” he said.
“It was nothing,” he said after a moment.
“Oh,” Castiel said. “I didn’t know that. Is there anything I can do to help?”
“Castiel?” Anna said, when she heard her brother’s voice, and she was at the door in a second.
Dean sighed. He knew in his mind and his heart he had the best reason ever for not sharing a bed with Cas, but once again he couldn’t tell the other man that.
**********
“Yes,” he replied. “Enough lumber for the table and chairs I need to start working on.”
“I saw that, Dean,” Castiel said. “You should be in bed.”
They continued on for a moment, in comfortable silence before Castiel spoke again.
“It’s okay,” Castiel said. “You don’t have to talk about it.” He knew all too well the grief of losing a parent and the kind of emotions it could stir up. If Dean ever wanted to talk about it, he would listen, but he wouldn’t push him.
“Oh, shit,” he said. “It’s my fiance. I gotta go.”
Cas smiled. “Nah, nothing important. You’re good. The whole point was to distract you. That seems to have worked.”
“Dean,” Cas said, crestfallen.
“Sure,” he said. “I’d be happy to.” And Castiel beamed.
**********
“Anna’s doing a little bit better,” he said slowly. “I guess I should thank you again, for saving her. She’s the only family I have left.”
“Please, nothing I wear is going to make my eyes stand out like that,” Dean said, and Cas blushed even more and bit his lip which Dean found absolutely adorable.
“More importantly,” Cas said, staring him in the eye, “you don’t need it.”
He felt the other man’s body relax, and Dean’s eyes stayed closed, but he murmured, “Cas?”
He was scared out of his mind that he would somehow mess up, say something or do something he shouldn’t, but so far so good.
Dean discovered Cas’s love for mexican food, and his dislike of Italian food. He learned that Castiel loved theater and music and writing, and that he'd in fact written some poetry which Dean was more than intrigued by.
“Feeling like what, Dean?”
There was a long pause before Cas spoke again. “Continue breathing through the discomfort. In and out. Feeling the weight of this cord, and picturing that all of your energy of unforgiveness, all of the negative feelings you have about this person or this situation, are just flowing directly into this cord. Almost as if they’re exiting your body.” He paused again for a long moment.
And Dean held out his hand, and Castiel took it.
And he was sniffling and wiping away more tears when someone sat down right next to him and let out a heavy breath. And he shuffled uncomfortably, wondering why a perfect stranger would sit so close when there were plenty of empty seats in their vicinity.
“Morning, Meg,” Castiel said, ignoring the wink. Meg had been shamelessly flirting with him for months, even though she knew nothing would come of it. Meg was pretty enough but Castiel had discovered some time ago that he preferred men and he was still waiting for Mr. Right to come along. Until then he would put up with Meg’s flirtations if only for his sister’s sake. Meg’s was the only shop in town that Anna trusted to supply her with what she needed.
And as the realization hit him, he felt his chest constricting, and his breath hitched in his throat, and tears started falling down his cheeks.
Now they were laughing a little.
They sat at a table with the other teachers and went over their itinerary while they ate, and then made sure all the students were there before heading out for their day on the city.
And his chest heaved ever so slightly and he felt a tear sliding down his left cheek. He couldn’t let Cas love him.
Dean glanced down, embarrassed. “I’m sorry,” he said, and sighed. “I . . . I don’t leave the forest. And I don’t take off the mask, unless I’m alone.”
“I knocked but you didn’t hear me,” Castiel said, gripping the straps of his back pack with both hands. Dean noticed that he was wearing a rather broad smile. He nodded.
Castiel entered and stood next to Principal Ackles, his messenger bag slung over his shoulder. He wore slacks and a navy blue dress shirt, untucked, with a red tie, and Dean found himself swallowing again and thinking just how attractive Cas looked in his “teacher” attire and . . .
“What?” Dean said again, and he was shaking now, but for a different reason than before.
“Uh, sure,” Cas said. “That’s fine.”
“No,” Dean said firmly, and it startled the other man, who looked at him with wide eyes.
He was growing more and more fond of the man in the fox mask.
They were at Castiel’s classroom now and he unlocked the door and stepped inside.
“You should be gone,” Dean said from behind the curtain. “I told you to go.”
This should be the happiest day of his life.
But Castiel just grinned and nodded. “I’ll do my best,” he said. “Will it help if you have the window seat?”
“Thank you, Mr. Winchester,” he said. “For everything.”
They were both laughing and breathing heavily when they finally called a truce and laid down in the snow next to each other to make their snow angels. Dean grumbled once about how ridiculously childlike it was but Castiel just smiled.
Castiel sighed in relief once they were back on Balthazar and heading home.
“As Albert Einstein once said,” Dean told him, “‘if you judge a fish by it’s ability to climb a tree it will spend it’s whole life believing that it is stupid’.”
, he thought.
Cas was at Dean’s side in a second, his heart racing. He checked his pulse. It was weak, but there. He shook Dean, trying to wake him, but it was no use.
And as if to cement the idea in his head he gripped Lisa’s arms and pulled her close, pressing his lips to hers firmly, and she smiled.
“No, Cas, please,” Dean said, and he grabbed the other man’s hand.
And he swallowed, and his heart stopped when Dean moved his hand from behind his head and reached over, pulling Castiel's hand away from his stomach and taking it in his, intertwining their fingers together before resting their hands in the space between them. His gaze never left Castiel’s.
“I mean, there’s nothing wrong with it,” Castiel said. “I was just curious.”
They had started sitting closer to each other as they read together on Dean’s bed, their shoulder’s touching, and every once in a while they would let their hands fall to their sides and brush against each other’s as they held their books. And they would turn the page, and bring their hands back down to rest next to each other. And their heart rates would pick up, and they would blush, and Castiel would feel a shiver going up his spine, and Dean would feel the hairs on his arm standing up.
“You two are free to go,” Mr. Ackles said, and he couldn’t help the small smile that played at the corners of his mouth when the two men walked away.
“That’s my point, Cas,” he said. “We’re human, and we have our quirks, and we’re going to make mistakes, and piss each other off, and hurt each other, and fucking mess up over and over again, but that doesn’t mean we don’t care about each other. We need to give each other grace, too.” He rubbed his hands up and down his husband’s arms as he spoke and looked into his eyes. “I love you,” he said. “I’ve loved you for twelve years, and I’ll love you for a hundred more. Even if I never put my dish in the dishwasher.”
“What is it?” Castiel asked when Dean didn’t look at him right away.
“He’s going to be okay, Castiel,” she said. She was not oblivious to the feelings her brother had developed for Dean over the past couple of months and her heart ached to see either of them suffering. Especially when they had both found something so special and so wonderful in each other. That was not something she wanted her brother to lose. He’d already lost so much.
“And Smores,” Castiel said. “I agreed with you affirmatively on that.”
Cas flushed. “Yeah,” he said, certain that Dean was judging him silently. “It’s always hated me for some reason.”
And secretly she hoped that this would be good for both Dean and her brother.
Dean nodded. “He kept a mirror in our house on purpose, Cas, as punishment.” Dean started to shake as he spoke. “He made me look in it, and tell myself I was a monster. Every day. And every day I did it, Cas. And every day, I cried.  Until I couldn't do it anymore, and I broke it.  And then he beat me.  He was an angry, abusive, drunk, Cas. And I blame myself for that, too. If it hadn’t been for me, and what I did, mom never would have died and my dad would have been happy, and . . .”
And so Cas had gone. He’d booked an earlier flight. He wanted to get as far away from Dean and Lawrence as he possibly could, as fast as he could. He’d put his heart on the line, and he’d lost everything, and couldn’t stick around, even for twelve more hours.
“Could we maybe do this again sometime?” he asked. “My treat?”
Some might look at the collection and see it as being mistreated but Castiel looked at it and saw it as well loved. These books had been read over and over and over again. And it showed.
And Dean just felt more and more guilty as the meeting went on, because try as he might, he couldn’t keep his eyes off of Castiel.
And Dean was head over heels in love with him.
The only thing Dean did mind, but would never tell Castiel was that it meant the other man was spending less time on the bed with him, reading which meant less time that he got to brush his hand or his shoulder against Castiel’s, and he was beginning to miss it terribly, the subtle touches.
“You will be healed when you can learn to love and accept yourself for who you are. And when you can finally learn to forgive.”
Castiel scooped Dean into his arms and carried him over to the bed, laying him down. His body felt warm and clamy, and Castiel was certain he was running a fever without even feeling his forehead.
“Where are your books?” Castiel asked, looking around the small cottage. He didn’t see them anywhere.
“Come on,” Cas said, putting his arm around Dean’s shoulders and guiding him towards the door.
Right?
Castiel gripped Dean’s hand in both of his now. “Does it involve your father?”
Dean hummed. “Ready as ever,” he said, stroking her bare arm in return. She wore a light blue night gown with spaghetti straps that he’d bought her for her birthday a few months back. She’d teased him at first, asking if it was really a gift for her or for him. And he’d blushed, and asked why it couldn’t be both. But then she’d raved about how soft and comfortable it was and wore it frequently. And Dean never tired of seeing her in it, not just because of the lace at the top and the cute bow in the center, and the way it hugged her curves in all the right places, but because she truly lit up every time she put it on.
“What?” Dean asked, swallowing hard now. And Cas’s eyes never left his face as he spoke.
he thought.
“Yeah,” Dean replied, clearing his throat. “We used to go all the time when I was a kid, as a family. My parents and my brother and me. It’s been a while though. I don’t really have anyone to go with anymore.”
Dean shook his head.
Dean and Castiel both received apologies later that day from the students involved in the newspaper article. The girls were blushing fiercely and looking thoroughly embarrassed when they entered Dean’s room.
Cas had to rouse him to get him to drink his tea, and then pressed his lips softly to Dean’s temple as Dean rolled to his side once again.
Another long pause.
Dean shrugged. “I don’t know,” he said. “Maybe.”
Jack picked Paw Patrol and the kids sidled up next to their parents on the king sized bed and watched cartoons and ate waffles.
“So, I know I suggested coffee for our second date,” Dean said when he and Cas were in the Impala a few days later, “but there’s somewhere else I’d like to take you if that’s okay.”
“And what are you?” Cas asked, stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair again, and he could hear Dean’s breath hitching. Castiel was fairly certain that Dean had never experienced touch like this before. Loving touch. And if he had it hadn’t been for a very very long time. But he seemed to welcome it, so Cas didn’t stop.
Castiel turned and grinned at him. “Sounds pretty spot on,” he said.
"Me, too," Jack said.
“I’m noise sensitive, okay?” Castiel pouted, crossing his arms over his chest, and looking down. “And I have anxiety, and when it gets triggered I buy things.”
Date. Dean called it a date. A second date.
“Cas?” he murmured.
He gave them a look conveying both sympathy and caution, and they nodded.
Castiel sighed. He knew better than to argue with his sister over this. And he also knew that since she was still sick and needing to rest and recover for the next few days he would be the one coming back to visit Dean, on his own.
“Dean, would you be willing to show Castiel to his classroom once we’re finished here?” Principal Ackles asked. “It’s right next to yours.”
Dean shrugged, looking down.
“Of course,” Dean said, and gave Cas a smile, because he was after all, a goddamn professional and he could pull himself together and work with his former student.  His former student that he
Cas’s smile got bigger and he knew he was blushing more now, but he didn’t mind nearly as much.
He placed another kiss on her forehead, this one longer, and held her close. “I love you,” he said, looking into her brown eyes once he’d pulled away.
And it wasn’t just the dishes. There were little things like that that Dean did all the time, like never throwing away trash. He’d bring in the mail and leave the junk mail sitting on the table for days instead of throwing it away even though the trash can was right fucking there. Or he’d leave the door to the laundry room or the pantry open which drove Castiel crazy. Or he’d leave the kid’s dirty, used pull ups on the bathroom floor.
“I see. So you are both denying there is anything going on between you two?”
He expected to see his brother, or one of his parents, or even the pastor, but the last person he expected to see was Castiel.
“There’s nothing you could tell me, Dean, that could make me think that you are anything but good.”
Cas’s mouth gaped and his head was spinning. He didn’t know how to respond.
, he thought.
“What?”
“Mr. Novak will be taking over Mrs. Anderson’s history class,” Principal Ackles said. “We’re glad to have him on board and we hope that you will make him feel welcome.”
“Cas?” Dean said, his heart rate picking up as well.  Cas had never looked at him the way he was now.  And he stepped back as Cas stepped forward. “What are you doing?”
“I enjoyed today, Cas,” Dean said as Castiel stepped outside.
Dean hesitated slightly but really couldn’t think of reason not to. “Sure,” he said. Wouldn’t hurt to catch up with one of his old students, right?  And he had planned on staying.  To do work, orginally, but he didn't want to blow Castiel off just because he was a nervous idiot.
But it had been so warm, with the fire going, and the smell of the wood burning and the sound of the pages turning as they sat together on the bed, their backs against the wall, and it had made Castiel feel so content, and comfortable, in a way he’d never felt before. He found Dean’s presence soothing, and his voice calming when he turned to Castiel every now and again to ask questions about the book he’d lent him.
Dean shook his head. “I can’t,” he said.
Cas blinked and did a double take. Had this nearly total stranger just flirted with him? Really?
“Here’s your mother’s dress back,” Anna said sweetly, holding it out for him. But he pushed it back into her arms.
“Anna!” Castiel shouted as he rode through the woods on Balthazar. They were going deeper into the forest than he’d ever been before and a shiver was starting to creep it’s way up his spine, and it wasn’t from the cold.
“Thank you,” Dean said. “I’ve always enjoyed cooking. Which is good, I guess because I’ve had to do it since I was very young. After my mother died, I . . .”
Dean wiped his eyes, sniffling, and a moment later they fluttered open, but he stayed where he was, holding onto Cas’s leg.
Dean closed his eyes and bit his lip. “I was eighteen the last time, Cas, and it’s not a good memory.”
Dean smiled mischievously and tugged his husband closer. “I can think of a way,” he said.
“You should probably tell him,” she stated.
Dean hesitated, but the weather was beautiful this afternoon, and he loved the woods in the fall, the leaves in all their bright colors. And some fresh air would be nice. There was really no reason not to.
“I couldn’t marry Lisa, Cas,” Dean said, gazing intently into sapphire eyes.
Anna took the bed that night and Castiel slept on the floor next to her. Dean slept in the kitchen, curled up on the floor. And Castiel noticed he still was not removing his mask even as he slept. And he was getting more and more curious. But even stronger than his curiosity was his exhaustion and he found himself drifting off to sleep in the strange man’s home.
Cas let his hands fall into his lap, and tilted his head to the side. He wanted more than anything to crawl into the bed next to Dean and take the other man into his arms, holding him tightly and planting sweet kisses on his nose and cheeks and all over the scarred side of his face to prove that every part of him was lovely and beautiful and good. He wanted to card his fingers through Dean’s hair and nibble on his ear until Dean was smiling and blushing and all of his worries and insecurities faded away. But he didn’t.
Dean gave him a small smile. “It’s no trouble at all,” he said. And he let out a deep breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding when Castiel grabbed his back pack and left the room.
“He told me it was my fault she was dead, Cas. That I killed her. That she would be alive if it wasn’t for me. He told me I was a monster. He even told me that my face was just physical evidence of what I was on the inside. I tried so hard to make up for my mistake Cas. To do better. To be better. To prove him wrong. To make him happy, or at least not miserable. To make him not hate me. But nothing I ever did was good enough. I was never good enough.”
Cas grinned. “I also know that you, Mr. Winchester, are nothing if not well versed in the art of self control, and we have to be at work in twenty minutes.” He pressed his lips to the tip of his husband’s nose, and unwrapped his legs from around his waist, and Dean huffed.
“What do you mean?” he found himself asking.
And Dean turned and looked at him. But the words he spoke were not at all what Castiel was expecting to hear.
He gripped the collar of his shirt and pulled on it and then swallowed.
“Any new developments while you were there?” the Principle asked, folding his hands together and placing them on his desk.
Castiel’s ears perked up at that. Truth be told he was parched, and the cold from the long ride here was seeping into his bones. Tea sounded wonderful.
Dean didn’t know exactly how it happened, but he found himself reaching for Castiel’s hand and squeezing it gently. “I’m not so alone anymore,” he said.
Why was this man being so kind to him? Why had he come back? Dean didn’t deserve this.
“I’m fine, Cas,” Dean insisted, laying on his side, his hands tucked under the pillow. “Go to sleep, okay?”
“You know what else I love?” Dean said, "and will always be immeasurably thankful for?"
“Sorry,” Dean said, pulling his hand back. “You had a leaf in your hair.” He raised it, showing it to Castiel as proof, and the other man smiled and blushed.
God, he hoped not. He hoped he was better than that.
“Dean,” he breathed.
**********
Castiel had finally settled on one about a wizard and prince who fall in love.
“Dean,” Cas said again, rubbing his hand up and down his arm now.
“Why did you ask her?” Dean asked.
“We should go, Anna,” Castiel said. He couldn’t deny how eager he was to get out of this strange place, and he was fairly certain that either the woods or the cottage or the fox man himself had put some sort of enchantment on his sister because she seemed way to calm about all of this.
“Just tired,” he lied. “I’m sorry.” And that apology held so many different meanings, ones she had no idea about. Sorry for being such a lousy fiance, for falling in love with someone else when I’m engaged to you, for not being who you deserve, for mentally cheating on you, for sucking at life.
Anna was not supposed to be back for several more days but that was definitely the sound of her horse, Balthazar.
“I wasn’t sure you would come,” Dean said.
And he climbed onto the bed and let Dean’s head rest in his lap and began to card his fingers through his hair once again as he sang, and the other man drifted asleep, and for the first time, Cas saw a soft smile spread across Dean’s face, and it was the most beautifully imperfect thing he’d ever seen.
And this time it was Dean’s turn to blush.
And when they were back at Dean’s cottage that evening, Dean made them dinner and thanked Castiel for taking him to the orphanage, and even told him he was looking forward to going back, he’d had such a nice time. And Castiel was right, it had been therapeutic for him to be out, and to be around children. He’d enjoyed it very much.
And Dean had tears filling his eyes once again.
Dean swallowed, but nodded. “Would you like to come in?” he asked. And he had to fight to tell himself not to ask Castiel to go away instead. That he deserved this. Deserved friendship, deserved companionship, deserved love. Deserved Castiel. Everything in him told him otherwise as the voices,
Cas smiled. “Of course, love,” he said.
Dean’s chest heaved. “Cas, please,” he pleaded, tears filling his eyes now and spilling down his cheeks.
Dean had more tears but this time there was a smile behind them, and he found himself tugging on Cas’s arm, pulling him onto the bed.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean said, his kisses only getting more intense. “I love you.”
“Wow,” Dean said when he picked Castiel up for their third date. “Blue is definitely your color.”
Dean was standing in front of the mirror in his dressing room, straightening his red bow tie. He looked at the clock on the wall.
And maybe for the first time, he smiled underneath his mask.
He looked down and rubbed his hand across his forehead.
They bonded over the fact that neither of them were big on exercise but did it because they had to to stay in shape, and over the fact that they had both moved several times as kids and neither one of them had fond memories of the experience, always finding the adjustment periods difficult.
“I have to,” Cas said. “I love you, Dean.”
Cas looked down at the navy blue sweater he was wearing with his jeans and blushed. “Thank you,” he said. “You look nice too.”
“Yes.”
And when Dean came out of the bathroom in jeans, a gray tshirt, and a red and black striped flannel over top it was Castiel’s turn to be flustered. He’d never seen the man look so casual before and it suited him. He looked comfortable, relaxed; cute even. And the red in Dean’s shirt brought out the green in his eyes and the freckles on his face. And Castiel found himself staring.
“Dean?” Castiel said, stepping away. “What’s going on?”
“I . . .” he started, his stomach was in knots and his heart was fluttering like crazy. He still had the mother of all headaches and his throat was on fire. He didn’t know what to say. But eventually the words that came out were the only ones he could think of. “I can’t feel that,” he whispered.
“Sorry,” Castiel said, catching a glimpse of Dean, who turned bright red and looked away, clearly flustered at the sight of him. “I had pants in there but they got wet so I have to find new ones.”
“Oh boy,” Castiel said, his heart starting to beat a little . . . .okay, a lot faster. He ran his fingers through his hair and Dean did the same.
Dean hesitated. Right now he was laying on his side, his scarred face against the pillow, almost invisible. If he sat up . . .
“Well, uh, good luck, I guess,” he said, his chest aching. He wished he could sound more upbeat and supportive for Cas but he just couldn’t seem to muster up the false enthusiasm.
California was calling to him. A new job. A new life. A new dream.
“You’re safe, Dean,” Castiel said. “You’re home. It’s okay. Go back to sleep.”
And Dean’s heart clenched, and he swallowed. “I’m sorry to hear that,” he said softly.
Castiel blinked and flushed. “Oh, nothing,” he said. “You look good.”
“Who told you that you were a monster, Dean? People aren’t monsters because of what they look like. They’re monsters because of what they do. And you, Dean Winchester, are no monster. Of that I am certain.”
“Nice,” he said when Dean came out of the bathroom.
“No,” Castiel said. “He wears the mask all the time.”
Anna had pretty much forced him to return after he’d told her what had happened the last time.
“Was it just me, Dean?” Cas said, taking a step closer now. “These last six years. Was it just me on my prom night that wanted to dance with you . . ?”
“Dean?” Castiel said.
Dean sat in one the chairs gingerly, and ran his hand over the table. The wood was dark, smooth, and beautiful. It was intricate. A work of art. And he loved it, and he couldn’t believe that Castiel had made it from his own two hands, just for him.
“Let’s just say I came back to chase some dreams that weren’t mean to be, it turns out,” Castiel said, and gave Dean a sad smile.
“We held hands for the first time, right here, Cas,” Dean said. “And we kissed for the first time, right here, too, so when I decided to ask you to marry me, I wanted to do that right here, too.”
Dean shook his head, tears falling again. “I don’t . . . I don’t believe that, Cas,” he said, shaking once again, and reaching up to rest his hand on top of Castiel’s that was still holding his cheek, stroking it gently.
Cas stepped closer again. “Afraid of what?” he asked, stroking the back of Dean’s neck with his fingers. “Of me? I don’t understand, Dean. Please, please help me understand.”
“First year teaching,” Dean said. “You gonna be okay with all these hormonal seventeen year olds?”
“Where’s your date?” Dean asked, not really sure what else to say. “Isn’t she gonna miss you?”
Dean blushed and smiled, looking up. “Yeah, these are my weekend clothes,” he said.
Castiel looked back at him. “I’m sorry you understand what that feels like,” he said. “And I’m sorry you are so alone out here, Dean. Not saying I’m glad my sister got lost, but, I am glad it led us to you.”
Dean simply nodded.
The next time Castiel awoke it was to Dean talking in his sleep, and at first he thought the other man was waking up and it was the fever causing him to be delirious yet again, but Dean’s eyes were still closed and he jerked his head from side to side, and he had tears falling down his cheeks, and the sweat beading his forehead, Castiel was fairly certain wasn’t from his fever.
Dean felt a cool rag against his forehead, and someone singing softly, and he briefly recalled hearing the same voice before he drifted to sleep but he wasn’t sure if that had been days or hours ago now. His throat felt raw, his mouth was dry, his chest hurt. His head ached, but his body was no longer drenched in sweat, and wracked with fatigue. His chills were gone, and he could feel his eyes slowly beginning to open as consciousness returned to him.
He rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands and yawned. For the love of all that was holy, why did he have to wake up at the butt crack of dawn? He was
Dean took a deep breath and got down on one knee, and looked up at Castiel.
“You go first. This was your idea.”
Dean pulled away slightly and propped himself up on his elbow. “I don’t have much experience with children, Cas,” he said nervously. “None at all, really. I wouldn’t know what to say or do, and I fear I would only frighten them. I wouldn’t want to be responsible for that.”
Castiel grunted as he felt the mattress pressing down next to him and then the weight of a small body draped across his hips, small fingers poking his face.
Dean looked at him, and his eyes were so soft, and so genuine, that he found himself relaxing slightly already. “Distract me, maybe,” he said, and God he hoped that didn’t sound inappropriate. He really hadn’t meant it to.
Dean nodded. “No one else you wanted to ask, or no one else you felt comfortable asking?”
“Dean, you told me to leave,” Cas said, tears falling again. “I’m leaving. Please let me go.”
“I just want you to be happy, Cas,” Anna said, resting a hand on her brother’s shoulder. “It just seems like you are either working or stuck inside reading all day. I’m just saying there’s more to life than books and your job, and maybe you are missing out. You never know what’s out there until you look.”
“Dean,” Cas said, placing a hand on the other man’s arm. His voice conveyed nothing but empathy and compassion.
“Sorry to hear that,” Castiel said. “I don’t think I’ve ever been.”
"Okay. Thank you, Mary," Dean said. "You guys wanna help make waffles or stay here with Papa?" he asked, moving to get out of bed.
He loved working with wood, and had done it since he was a boy. First it was small things, like jewelry boxes or toys, but as he got better he was able to expand his business into just about anything the people in his village requested, and now it was almost impossible to go into a home or even a public building it seemed without seeing something there that Castiel had built with his own two hands. And he couldn’t deny it gave him a certain sense of pride and accomplishment. He loved having a skill he could share with others, something that was useful, and that he could make money with as well. He did everything now from the toys and jewelry boxes to bookshelves, end tables, dressers, bed frames and headboards, to rocking chairs and dining room tables and chairs.
“Cas, now’s not a good time. You need to focus on finishing up the year first. You can’t handle a dog right now, and I don’t
It was just a dream.
He couldn’t help noticing how flustered Castiel seemed.
And in just three more days he would be back on an airplane and heading home to a woman and a house, and a bed, and a life he wasn’t so sure he wanted anymore. Because what he wanted, what he’d wanted for six years it seemed, was right next to him. Was as close as it had ever been.
“Uh, yeah, I’d like that,” Cas said, biting his lip to keep from smiling too big.
“Hey,” Cas said, running his fingers through his hair as he walked into the room. “You just get the formal apology?”
“Dean?” Cas said. “Talk to me. What’s wrong? Did I hurt you? Did I upset you in some way?”
Dean nodded. “Those dreams we talked about,” he said. “You chase them?”
“I thought he wanted us to stay because the woods were dangerous,” Castiel said, glancing back at his sister, his eyebrow raised.
Cas’s gaze softened and he took a step closer to Dean, resting a hand on his shoulder. “Can’t do what?” he asked, and he brushed his fingers along the side of Dean’s head, above his ear.
“That song you’ve been singing,” he said after several minutes of silence, “where did you learn it?”
His chest heaved and he was sobbing now. “I’m a monster, Cas,” he said.
“Cas?” His eyes widened when the other man stepped into the room and shut the door. “What are you doing here? Ceremony’s gonna start soon.”
“You’ve seen this before, haven’t you?” Dean said, sticking his hands in his pockets and stepping a little closer.
And Castiel smiled at Dean’s new attire. Despite the fact that he still couldn’t see the man’s face he couldn’t help thinking that Dean was handsome, and that he seemed happy in his new clothes. He was getting used to what Dean’s eyes looked like when they were smiling.
But he would just have to grin and bear it. He just had to make it four more months and the school year would be over, Castiel would be graduating along with all of the other seniors and Dean would never see him again.
Dean looked back at the beautiful man in front of him. “Like you deserve better,” he said, and the words stung coming out of his mouth, and they made his chest hurt, and he swallowed a lump in his throat.
“I brought you something,” Castiel said, reaching into his cloak and pulling out a small brown book. “As a peace offering, for, upsetting you, last time. It’s my favorite, and . . . I thought you might like to borrow it.” He blushed slightly and held it out to Dean.
Cas swallowed. His heart rate picked up. Especially when Dean’s eyes roamed over his face, and fell on his lips, and his hand moved to Castiel’s other cheek, stroking it with his thumb.
“No, you don’t have to do that,” they both followed.
He took Dean’s hand in his and brushed the other man’s shoulder with his nose, and then pressed his lips to it.
“We did say two beds, right?” Castiel said, swallowing.
Dean didn’t say a word as Castiel rode away.
“I woke him briefly to get the medication in him, but he was pretty out of it due to his fever so he’s passed out again,” Bobby continued. “I’d wake him every four hours or so for food and drink, and meds.”
Cas nodded. “Okay,” he said, although he still felt weird about the idea, but not weird enough he was going to lose a whole nother night of sleep over it. He couldn’t afford to.
“Let’s go home,” Dean said, smiling back. And he took her hand as they headed out of the airport.
“You don’t have to believe it yet, Dean,” Cas said. “But I want you to practice saying it anyway. The more you say it, the more you will come to believe it. It’s going to take time, Dean, to get your father’s voice out of your head, to get his lies out of your head, but I’m here for you, and I will help you.”
“You mother, did she like the woods, too?”
“Children have all the fun,” he said with a twinkle in his eyes.
“Castiel?” Dean said when he opened the door. He seemed thoroughly confused. “I . . . I didn’t expect you to come back.”
Cas nodded again. “Well, you’ve certainly given me some things to think about,” he said. “Scares the shit out of me, but . . .”
Cas turned at that, and saw that Dean was looking at him. “And how many people have you shared it with?” he found himself asking.
“Dean, I’m freezing,” Cas said, his arms wrapped around himself, his teeth chattering. He could see his breath every time he opened his mouth. “Seriously, what’s going on? You know I like coming here with you, but can we wait til it gets a little bit warmer, please?” he pleaded.
“Thanks for the coffee, Cas,” Dean said, lifting his empty cup. “And the company.”
************
, just algebra and geometry, he hated himself for needing help with
And Dean grinned, and kissed his husband.  “That you suck at math," he said.
“She was,” Dean said. “She died a long time ago.”
“Dean?” he called as he knocked on the door. He wasn’t answering and Castiel was starting to feel even more guilt ridden. Was Dean angry with him for staying away for so long? Or maybe he was just out of the cottage, somewhere in the woods. That was possible. Now that the storm had subsided he might be hunting again.
Dean squinted at him. "You guys want waffles?" he asked, and then yawned as his children squeeled in delight, bouncing up and down on the bed.
I did not come up with this meditation on my own.  I got if from the Curable app on my phone.  Just giving credit where credit is due.
. He didn’t know what to say. This was so . . . sweet of Castiel, to offer him something personal of his. And after Dean had practically kicked him out of his home the last time he’d visited. If anything he felt like he was the one who should be making amends, not the other way around.
“You are beautiful,” Cas said with the utmost sincerity. “You are good. You are worthy. You are loved, Dean Winchester. And there is not a monstrous bone in your body. That is the truth.”
Someone was home though, he could tell by the smoke coming through the chimney. And maybe whoever it was would know something about Anna.
And moments later when they were laying in each other’s arms, Cas stroked Dean’s chest with his finger and said, “Dean?”
Anna tilted her head and crossed her arms. “I don’t know,” she said. “I just worry about you when I’m away, Cas. I wish you had more friends. I don’t like you being alone so much.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, his chest tightening. “Please, it’s okay . . .”
"I'm hungry, Papa," Jack said in his sweet voice, and despite the exhaustion Castiel felt throughout his entire body he couldn't help but smile.
Cas furrowed his eyebrows and frowned deeply. “And who told you that?” he asked.
“Can I get under the blankets and hold you instead?” Cas asked.
Cas found out that Dean had three major loves in the world. His brother, Sam, his car, whom he affectionately called Baby, and pie. The last one made Cas smile the most.
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “You, uh, you really don’t have to call me that anymore, Castiel,” he said. “I’m not your teacher. Haven’t been for a while.”
“Okay,” he said, coming out from behind the bedroom curtain. “I’m ready.”
Dean deserved better than that.
So here he was, knocking on the strange man’s door again.
"You gave me syrup," Castiel said, with a grin.
The fox man’s eyes looked sad, and his shoulder’s slumped. “You are not my prisoners,” he said. “You are free to leave whenever you wish. But your sister is sick, so she should go straight home and rest.”
But graduation did come of course, and Dean was thrilled when Castiel took the stage to give his valedictorian speech. And he clapped enthusiastically when he and the other seniors received their diplomas.
“It’s getting dark,” Dean said. “And these woods are dangerous and easy enough to get lost in even in the daytime if you don’t know them well. It would be safer it you stayed the night.”
Cas chuckled, but God if it wasn’t the truth.
“Well, um, I’ll go now,” Castiel said awkwardly. “I’ll come back later for the book, I guess.” And he turned to walk away.
This year, the snow might keep Castiel away. And he was missing him already, and the thought of not seeing him until the weather cleared up or until Castiel felt safe traveling the long distance in the cold had his stomach in knots and he couldn’t help feeling a little heartsick.
He wiped away the tears that were sliding down his cheeks and took in a shuddering breath before heading for the door. “Goodbye, Dean,” he said. “I wish you every happiness.”
“Stop trying to make me feel better about myself, Cas,” he said, shaking his head. “I know what I am.”
His breath caught in his throat at the sight of the man before him. He swallowed, and his eyes filled with tears once again. He took a few shuddering breaths as he neared Dean’s bed and sat on the side of it.
“Sorry about all that,” Castiel apologized. “I can’t imagine how stressful that was for you, with your wedding coming up and everything.”
Castiel nodded.
But Castiel was beaming at him and wouldn’t stop telling him how proud he was, because afraid or not, mask or not, he was here, and that’s what mattered.
“May I?” he asked, and Dean nodded, so he bent over and picked one up. It had a navy blue cover that was mostly in tact, and he couldn’t help bringing it to his nose and smelling it, drinking in the musky scent of old paper and ink, and a hint of vanilla. It was heaven.
The woman looked at him for a moment and then went back to sipping on her tea.
Castiel smiled. “You know, if you want to, you can call me Cas,” he said. “It’s easier.”
“You should go be with him,” she said, turning back to her brother and resting a hand on his shoulder. “I’ll take Balthazar home and be back in the morning to check on you. I think the less people are here when he wakes up, the better.” She kissed Castiel’s head and wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a hug.
“If I had to guess, I’d say it’s burn marks. Pretty severe ones from the looks of it. And old, too. Been there some twenty odd years from what I can tell. Whatever story goes along with em, I’m sure it ain’t pretty. And I gotta be honest, it don’t look pretty either, so you might wanna prepare yourself.”
Dean blushed and smiled. “I didn’t want to assume. I thought I was doing most of the flirting, and I didn’t want to scare you off by asking too soon. I’m glad you asked me for coffee. It made asking you a little easier. Sorry I wasn’t braver.”
Dean shook his head, coughing now, his face covered in snot and tears and he knew they were both getting on Cas’s coat.
“I’m good,” Castiel said. “Really good, actually.”
“You have beautiful eyes,” Dean said.
And it was short, and sweet, and their hearts were racing as they pulled away.
But then he was pushing against Castiel’s chest, and pulling away, shaking his head, and biting his lip.
“What about this?” he asked, and slowly closed the space between them, gently, very gently, brushing Dean’s lips with his, making sure that if the other man wanted to pull away he could.
“I know you are hesitant, sweetheart,” Castiel said gently, stroking Dean’s arm now with his other hand, “but I really think it would be good for you. Anna and I, we visit the orphanage twice a month. She brings them clothes and blankets that she makes, and I make any necessary repairs, and we play with the children. It’s actually quite fun. I think you might enjoy it. Children can be quite therapeutic actually. Their laughter and their smiles.”
“Cas,” Dean murmured again, his eyes still closed. “You’re here.”
“For fuck sake, Dean,” Cas growled when he walked into the kitchen and saw the dirty dishes on the counter that he had just finished cleaning. Literally just. The dishwasher had been emptied and the dirty dishes had been taken off the counter and out of the sink and loaded into the dishwasher and now there was a pile of dirty dishes on top of the counter yet again, and Castiel was furious. They had been married for ten years and his husband never put his dishes in the dishwasher without Castiel nagging him it seemed. It was exhausting and infuriating. And no matter how many times he asked Dean to “try and remember” he never did. Cas didn’t understand what was so hard about opening up the damn dishwasher instead of putting your dishes right above it on the counter, and it made him feel like Dean didn’t give a rat’s ass about how hard he worked to keep their home in order. He already had a difficult enough time dealing with his fibromyalgia and chasing after three kids all day.
Cas nodded. He waited until Anna was gone before he let out an audible sigh. Truthfully he longed for companionship. He had for years now. And maybe there was part of Castiel that felt like he should be content with being single like his sister was, but he just wasn’t. He wanted love. He wanted someone to share his life with, share a home with, someone other than his sister. He wanted someone to hold and kiss, and fall asleep next to at night. And he wanted kids. He always had. But Anna was right, he wasn’t making things any easier on himself by being a hermit. Literally the only times he did go out were to deliver an order to a customer or make a trip into town for food or more supplies for himself or for Anna for their businesses.
They hadn't slept together yet but Dean was okay with that, taking things slow.  He was still a little nervous about the idea of sex to be honest, as much as he wanted to experience intimacy and closeness with Cas, it scared him too, and he was comfortable with where they were.  Kissing, snuggling, falling asleep in each other's arms, waking up next to each other.  It was pretty perfect really. They had talked about it, and Cas had assured him that he was in no hurry, and that he was perfectly willing to wait however long Dean needed to.  Cas had even admitted that he was a little nervous himself which had set Dean's mind at ease.  He was more than a little surprised to find that Castiel was a virgin, givin their perspective ages, but he was also somewhat relieved, and honestly delighted as he had not had any prior experience himself, and it made a warm feeling settle in his chest, knowing that when the time did come, they would both be each other's firsts.
“What did you do?”
“The table is clean,” Castiel argued, “and they are in a bag.”
And Castiel looked from his husband to his children, and took another bite of his delicious breakfast, and he didn't think he'd ever been happier or more blessed.
“Well, I’m glad I could help, Castiel,” Dean said. “You deserve it. You’ve worked very hard, and I know you’ve got a bright future. Just keep chasing your dreams, okay?”
Dean released his grip on the arms rests but he couldn’t hide the fact that his hands were shaking, and he leaned forward and folded them together on his lap instead, and then started running his fingers through his hair.
They returned shortly with waffles and Dean handed Castiel his as he sat up in bed.
Still he felt that he should offer something to his guest.
Dean sighed and looked down as if ashamed, and Castiel narrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
"What about blueberries?" Jack asked.
Dean just grinned. “They're like sapphires, man,” he said.  "They're incredible."
Dean looked to Castiel for his approval.
“So, how are you?” he asked, taking a sip of his latte.
He kept himself busy by hunting in the woods behind his house, cooking, baking, and reading, but he was terribly lonely.
It was going to be a good year.
“He should pull through,” Bobby said. “But he’ll need around the clock care for several days. I’ve given him a mixture of garlic and echinacea herbs that should help bring his fever down and help with his cough. If the fever doesn’t break in the next 36 hours you come back and get me, ya hear?”
************
“I hunt,” he said, “for food, and cook. And I spend a fair amount of time reading-”
Cas smiled softly and joined him, lacing his fingers together and placing them on his stomach. He sighed contentedly.
“I don’t have any bags packed or anything,” Dean said.
“Yeah,” Cas said. “Me, too.”
“Ah, I see.” Cas grinned, and felt his heart strings being tugged on. “So, your favorite day would consist of camping, cheeseburgers, pie, Smores, and stargazing, then?”
“We’re gonna play a game of sorts,” Castiel said. “Taking turns listing our favorite things. And by the time we’re done, the plane will be up in the sky and it will be smooth sailing, okay?”
Dean smirked. “You ever gonna let up on the fact that I’m a mere six years older than you?” he asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Green,” Castiel replied.
Castiel grinned. “Of course,” he said. “Even if my motives were a little self serving,” he jokingly rubbed his rear as if it were still sore and made a face, and Dean chuckled.
Castiel wasn’t sure how much later it was when he woke up, but he blinked, and rubbed his eyes, lifting his head from the kitchen table where he’d dozed off. He wiped the drool from the side of his face and glanced around, groggily. His back and neck were aching from sleeping in such an awkward position. He sat up slowly and stretched, arching his back and hearing it pop, reaching his arms out as far as they would go, and yawning as he did.
“Are you serious about this?” he asked incredulously. “This guy is creeping me out. I don’t . . .” He glanced back at Dean, “I don’t trust him, Anna. Maybe he helped you out, but staying the night here . . .?”
Dean was sobbing now, clutching Cas’s leg even tighter, his tears soaking into the other man’s pants where his cheek rested.
“Yeah,” Dean said, running his finger over the rim of his coffee cup and chuckling a little, lifting it up. “How could you tell?”
“Exhausted,” Dean replied, honestly.
Castiel turned to her. “I’m not in a hurry to meet anyone,” he retorted. “And I’m certainly not in so much of a hurry that I’m going to go out scouting.”
“Hey, Dean?”
Dean blushed, but smiled. “I’m bisexual,” he said.
Dean's face paled. “Oh, did I read you wrong? Usually my gaydar is pretty on point, but . . .”
“You have to be okay,” he whispered, continuing to card his fingers through Dean’s hair and realizing just how shallow the man’s breathing was. He wanted to take off his mask just to make sure he was okay, but he thought better of it. He would wait for the doctor unless he stopped hearing Dean breathe all together.
“I will,” Castiel said. “Thank you, again.”
“So, you coming, or what?” Castiel asked, when they heard the final call for boarding.
“My mother,” Dean said. “She taught me to read and these were her books, and she passed them down to me. I’ve read each of them dozens of times.”
“Do what here?”
“Castiel, this is Dean,” Anna said, “he found me in the woods and took care of me. He saved my life.”
Dean nodded.
“Dean,” he heard, and then a much softer, gentler hand on his arm. “Dean, wake up,” Lisa said, nudging him. “The alarm is going off, baby.”
Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he’d cried. It had been years. And maybe he was naive, and foolish even to think that after all these years Mr. Winchester- Dean, might still be available, and that if he were available he’d have any interest in dating a former student. But Castiel had had a hopeless crush on the man since his senior year. It had scared the ever loving shit out of him when he’d realized it. When he’d realized that Mr. Winchester was the one he wanted to ask to prom and no one else would do. When he’d imagined what it would be like to kiss him, and hold his hand. When he realized that the man’s smile made him week in the knees. He had a passion for teaching and learning that Castiel had found infectious and a love for his students that was nothing but endearing. He’d been more than a teacher to Castiel. He’d been a mentor, and a friend, and Castiel had hoped, dreamed, that maybe, after graduation, after college, they could be something more.
Dean chuckled. “I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m making you uncomfortable.”
"Okaayy," Dean said, drawing it out.
“You were just a kid, Dean,” Cas said. “Kids make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes. And that’s what that was. A mistake, Dean. You aren’t perfect. And no one expects you to be. Please don’t expect it of yourself.”
Castiel tried to hide the semi repulsed look on his face and felt a hand on his arm.
“In the basement, please,” Anna said, eyeing him.
Dean nodded.
Castiel smirked. “One hundred percent, Meg. Sorry.”
Castiel smirked. “He likes to read. And it was pleasant.”
A moment later he heard his phone buzzing and saw that it was a text from Lisa. He knew something was wrong when instead of excitement he felt guilt and fear, but he didn’t have time to deal with either of those emotions right now so he buried them and opened the message.
“Let’s go,” he said, resting a hand on Dean’s arm, and they headed outside.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “
***********
“And as you picture this person, really notice the quality of the energy shift in your body, noticing how it feels in your body to think about this person. Where any discomfort exists, all the while knowing that you are in a safe space.” He stroked Dean’s hair again, in reassurance, letting his beloved know that he was there. That he would always be there, and continued.
He stood and placed another kiss on Dean’s head. “Wanna help me with the porch?” he asked, holding his hand out to Dean.
Cas got a chai tea latte and they sat at a table near the window sipping on their drinks as they talked, and Cas couldn’t help thinking of their outing as a date, and it had him smiling profusely.
He used his free hand to reach for Dean’s and held it. It was clamy and sweaty, but he only tightened his grip.
He cocked his head and narrowed his eyebrows. “What’s the other part?” he asked with genuine curiosity.
“Scouts honor,” Castiel promised, giving Dean a salute. “As soon as 4’oclock rolls around, we’ll peel out of the school parking lot together, race home, and you can show me how the old people get down and dirty.” He grinned at his husband.
Dean smiled even wider at the idea of Castiel promising a next time. He’d enjoyed his previous visit and was quite fond of his company. He was certainly pleasant to look at, and Dean found that while their conversations hadn’t strayed much from the topic of books, just the sound of another human being’s voice was pleasant.
“Dean.”
Cas smirked at him. “Please do it at least once.”
“I’m still sick,” Dean said. “And I’ve got even more snot on my face than usual from all the crying I’ve been doing.”
“Well, there seems to be quite the speculation going around about you two ever since this trip,” Principle Ackles continued. “Apparently it’s not just this picture that’s incriminating you. According to your students you were also sharing a bed, and on at least one occasion each other’s clothes? There was apparently also an instance where you were seen holding hands?”
His seventh year teaching history at Lawrence High School. He had a secure job that he loved, and wonderful home with a beautiful woman. He was getting married. Everything was just perfect.
Castiel let out a deep breath as he looked in the mirror and cinched his tie, and for what seemed like the millionth time in the last twelve hours, wiped away the tears that slid effortlessly down his cheeks.
. He’d already lost his mother and his father. He couldn’t lose his sister too.
Castiel nodded, still feeling rather flustered. And a tad guilty. He hadn’t just flirted with Dean had he? God, he hadn’t meant to. The guy was engaged for Pete’s sake.  But Dean didn’t seem bothered by it so he told himself to let it go and that he wouldn’t compliment the man ever again so he wouldn’t have to worry about it.  Figuring out how to do that with less nefarious means than duct tape or sewing his mouth shut was another matter all together.  The words just seemed to tumble out of his mouth when he looked at his former teacher, as if he had no control whatsoever over his vocal cords.  But Castiel was determined not to make a fool out of himself so he was going to have to pull himself together.
“Yes,” Cas replied. “Though I’m not sure you are one to talk.”
The woman nodded. “You speak of your mother a lot,” she said softly. “She sounds wonderful.”
Still, Cas stuck around, came back, stayed. Shared a bed with him. Built a bookshelf so that his collection of literature could be stored in sight and organized instead of stuffed away in a trunk. It felt like they were truly turning Dean’s tiny run down cottage into a home, and he loved it.
Dean, however, was far less excited. In fact, excited never even entered his vocabulary. Words like terrified, mortified, petrified, panic stricken, those were at the forefront of the teacher’s mind right now as he followed Castiel to their seats and tried to stay calm.
“Sing for me?” Dean said, the words barely audible.
Dean nodded, and laid down, and Castiel stroked his hair, and Dean closed his eyes. He was still trembling.
“Because I knew she wanted me to,” Castiel said with a sigh. “And I didn’t have anyone else to ask.”
“Maybe if you took the mask off-”
“I know, sweetheart,” Cas said, rubbing the other man’s back as they sat together on their bed. “It will be hard. But it will help, too, I promise. And I will here for you, the whole time, no matter what happens. I promise. You’ve come so far, Dean. You really have. And I’m so proud of you. A month ago you didn’t think you could do the mirror exercises and you have been, faithfully. And I know you can do this, too. It’s the next step. You have a beautiful heart, and a beautiful soul, my love, but they are so tainted by unforgiveness, and I really think this will benefit you. Trust me, okay?” He took Dean’s hand into his and squeezed it, and placed a kiss on his temple. “I love you. You know that. I would never ask you to do something that wasn’t going to help you in the long run.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked, looking down at himself as he noticed Castiel’s gaze on him. Did he have toothpaste on his shirt or something?
“Thank you,” she said. “You are the kindest man I have ever met.”
“He’s alive,” Bobby said ruefully, “but he might not be if you two hadn’t found him when you did.”
It would give him a reason to come back.
And Cas chuckled.
"Help," Mary said, a wide smile on her face.
“Just one,” he said softly.
“When I need time by myself and space to think, yeah,” Dean said. “Or when I find someone special I really want to share it with.”
“One other thing,” Bobby said, hesitantly. “Do either of you know what happened to his face?”
“Are you crazy? Don’t lay them down there! They’ll get filthy!”
“You, uh, you seeing anyone?” Dean asked.
“It’s not that bad,” Castiel said. “It would take a lot more than snow to keep me away from you, Dean.”
Cas chuckled. “No,” he said. “You remember the scene where there’s a thunderstorm and the kids are all running into Maria’s room cuz their scared, and she sings that song about their favorite things to cheer them up?”
. Cas loved that he finally knew one more thing about Dean and he loved it even more when he got to pay for Dean’s caramel macchiato.
“Oh,” Dean said again, and he felt his heart sinking into his stomach.  Cas was leaving, for good? He should really be grateful, that he wouldn’t have to be around him every day, or worry about running into him around town and he could just get back to his life and Lisa, but goddamn it, he knew he was going to miss him like crazy.
************
But that was what he wanted, right? To never see Castiel again. To be rid of him. Rid of these unwanted feelings.
“Fuck,” Cas said, pulling away, Dean’s hands sliding along on his bare legs. They were both breathing heavily.
“I’m sorry to bother you,” Castiel said, and he was growing even more sorry by the minute, being in the presence of this strange man, out in the middle of nowhere, in this rundown cottage, the face of a fox completely covering his own.
“No, no, it is . . . on point, I mean,” Cas said, and he could see the smile and the color returning to Dean’s face, and he smiled too. “I uh, I’m bi, actually, but I’ve never had boyfriend.”
The snowman turned out to be an epic disaster, though they made a valiant effort. In the end it only had a top and bottom but they laughed about it and told themselves it was a snowboy instead. They found some sticks for arms and a carrot for a nose, and used some buttons off of one of his father’s old jackets instead of coals for the eyes and the mouth.
He never ate it in front of them of course but it was always gone by the time Castiel returned later that week, and it put a smile on his face.
Anna stood and walked with him to the door. “Thank you Bobby,” she said, and closed the door behind him.
They headed inside after that and changed into fresh warm clothes, and Castiel drank the tea Dean made him. He made it a point to leave right after so Dean could have some as well and promised he’d be back the day after tomorrow as long as the weather didn’t get worse.
“I’ll see you in a couple of days, Dean,” he said with a soft smile as he headed towards the door.
“I’m staying, Dean,” Cas said. And he rested his head back on the mattress, and continued to stroke Dean’s cheek as he started to sing softly.
Meg looked up as the bell above the door to her shop rang, indicating that someone had entered, and she smiled mischievously. She never tired of seeing Castiel in her store and today was no different.
“Morning, beautiful,” he replied, planting a kiss on her forehead.
, he was
“Cas, I’m such a mess,” Dean sobbed.
“Presents.”
And Castiel would smile and tell him to “keep reading and find out.” And he was fairly sure Dean was smirking or frowning under the mask. It was hard to tell from just his eyes, but he would go right back to reading.
“I started the fire, Cas,” he said, and his chest heaved again, and Cas sat on the side of the bed, and listened. “I was four, and my Dad was out hunting by himself, and my mom and I were home.  There were candles lit, and my mom told me not to touch them.  She went into another room for just a second, but I didn’t listen. . . .” He shut his eyes tightly now as the tears continued to fall, the moment burned in his brain as hot and suffocating and permanent as the fire that had claimed his face.
"I'm sorry," the woman said, her voice filled with empathy.
“Hey, Cas.”
“Please do.”
Cas smiled a little and looked back at him. “What gave it away?” he said.
And that was overwhelming. Because Dean didn’t know what about him was worthy of love. What about him was even lovable. What about him made Cas want to keep coming back? Whatever it was, he couldn’t see it. And the fact that anyone could love him so unconditionally, it terrified him.
He had a wedding to go to.
a morning person. And after three months of sleeping in, the cruel world was reminding him of it. He did this to himself every year. Kept telling himself he’d adjust slowly to having to get up early again once the school year started but inevitably he failed. He just couldn’t bring himself to go to bed early or wake up early if he didn’t have to, so of course now he was paying for it.
“Of course,” Castiel said, smiling back.
Castiel eyed him as he opened the box and his eyes went wide. He looked up at Dean.
Dean nodded. “Thank you,” he said. “I don’t think I’ve completely forgiven my father though, Cas.”
“I don’t want your money,” Dean said quickly. And Castiel sensed the sadness in his eyes, and his voice. “Please, just go.”
The woman gave him a small smile, and Dean thought it made her look even more lovely.
Dean nodded, though he was still shaking. “I know,” he said. And he did. He trusted Cas with everything that was in him. With every fiber of his being. It was himself he wasn’t so sure about. He’d held so much anger and bitterness, and hurt inside for so long, it had just been a part of him, he didn’t know if he could ever let it go. Part of him felt like it was what kept him going. His father had hurt him so many times, in so many ways. He’d broken him, beaten him, abused him, neglected him. Those scars ran deep, deeper even than the ones on his face. He didn’t know if he could ever forgive John Winchester.
Castiel mixed the herbs as Dr. Singer had instructed and knelt next to Dean’s bedside, tilting his head to get the tea into his mouth. Dean was delirious, and barely conscious, and the tea spilled down his chin and onto his neck and he coughed some more, and Castiel wiped him off with a rag and continued to give him small sips until the liquid was gone, and then he placed another cool rag on Dean’s forehead as he rested back once again.
Dean, it turned out was actually quite a good tutor and Cas found it easy to learn from him, despite the fact that he had to keep himself from getting continually distracted by freckles and green eyes.
“I’m sure it’s not as good as yours,” he said. “But I tried.”
“How is he?” Cas asked, his nerves on edge. He was shaking.
It was two days later when Castiel found himself standing outside the secluded cottage again.
And Castiel had laughed.
The girl smiled. “I thought so,” she said. “Does he know?”
“Is something wrong, Mr. Ackles?” Castiel asked, his chest tightening. He couldn’t think of anything that had happened on the trip that they would be in the Principle’s office for and yet here they were.
“Thank you,” he said, holding his husband close.
Castiel flushed, his eyes wide. His had his arms crossed over his chest to try and keep himself warm. He was shaking now, but he wasn’t sure if it was from the cold or Dean’s harsh words. “You don’t mean that,” he said, hurt evident in his voice.
Dean sniffled and wiped tears away. “I’ll try,” he promised.
He took Dean’s coat and hung it up, along with his own, and got the other man back into bed. And as he was pulling the blanket up around him Dean sniffled and wiped more tears from his eyes and spoke again softly.
“You okay?” she asked, scooting closer to him and resting her hand on his chest. He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her head.
Dean drifted off once again, and Castiel stayed by his side throughout the night, wiping his head, switching his blankets when he felt he needed something thicker or thinner depending on how Dean was reacting to the chills and the fever, stoking the fire, even changing his shirt a time or two when he would wake up drenched in sweat. Dean stayed pretty delirious and unconscious for all of it, never fully aware of what was going on or who was taking care of him, or even that someone was taking care of him.
And Dean lifted his head now, tears streaking his cheeks. “Get out!” he bellowed, and pointed towards the door.
And Castiel did.
Dean played with the corner of his pillow, his chest heaving once again. “He told me.”
“Uh,” Dean stammered.
“Where did you get it?” she asked.
And he smiled from ear to ear, and climbed out of bed, and went to find his fiance.
“My favorite color,” Dean said. “It’s blue.”
Dean didn’t know how to talk to attractive men, especially since his father had never let him venture further than their woods and the only human contact he’d had outside of John other than the mysterious woman in the woods five years ago, had been Anna and Castiel.
“It’s not your fault, Dean,” Cas said, stroking his fingers through Dean’s hair, and the other man tensed. Cas wasn’t sure if it was a reaction to his words or his touch, so he stopped. “Dean?” he said, sliding his hand back to Dean’s shoulder instead.
“Dean?’ Cas said as they lay in bed that night, holding each other, Castiel stroking Dean’s hair once again.
He made it to his classroom and set his bag and coffee down and took a deep breath, and surveyed his classroom before the students starting piling in.
Cas found himself glancing at Dean’s lips and nodding his head, and Dean scooted closer, filling the space between them. And Castiel rested his hand on Dean’s cheek as well, and the stars, and the moon, and the crickets, and the wind, and the birds, became silent, became nothing around them as Castiel’s lips found Dean’s.
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean.”
Cas shook his head as he heard the voice calling for his flight yet again. “Dean, I have to go,” he said. And he grabbed his bag and stood.
“Yeah, definitely,” Dean said, his face flushing bright red. “I’ll, uh, I’ll go talk to them. You can wait here, if you want.”
He left the groceries on the table and picked up the bag with the fabric now spilling out of it and brought it down the wooden steps to his sister’s work area. The entire lower level of their home had become a place for Anna to design, sew, and sell her clothes, and she had done remarkably well, and between that and Castiel’s carpentry business they got along just fine, supporting themselves in their small village.
The cottage was small, with only a curtain separating the single bedroom from the kitchen, and so the man left, pulling the curtain closed behind him to give her privacy, and Anna peeled off her wet clothes and used the towel he’d left by the fireplace to dry herself off, and slid into the blue dress. It was surprisingly soft, and incredibly warm, and she hugged her arms around herself once she had it on, and slid the curtain back.
Could he have said anything more awkward?
He was falling in love with the man in the fox mask. He didn’t even know what he looked like, but it didn’t matter. Only Dean mattered.
At least that’s what he’d told himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean?” Cas said, when the other man didn’t respond.
“Come on,” he said, gesturing for Castiel to get out of the car.
“No,” Dean whispered, and his heart rate was picking up once again. Even though he couldn’t feel Cas’s touch, the way Cas looked at him, and spoke to him, the way Cas was sitting so very close to him now, had him glancing down at the other man’s lips. He’d never kissed anyone before, and he wondered what kissing Castiel would be like. Did Castiel want to kiss him?
And he smiled when Dean’s hand moved from his forearm to his cheek, and his lips brushed against his own, kissing him back.
Cas blushed. “Not quite so openly, anyway,” he admitted. “And not by a guy.”
burning flesh, and the crackling sound of skin splitting as the flames erupted around him, the blood sizzling . . .
“Oh,” Dean said, and he wasn’t nearly as relieved as he’d expected to be.
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. He pressed a kiss to Castiel’s forehead and then turned back to make dinner, hiding a smile from his husband. And if anyone ever questioned his love for Castiel he would have proof in just a few short months of just how strong that love was.
Dean grinned and kissed his husband, and they finished getting ready for work.
And he would never see Dean Winchester again.
“Really,” Dean replied with a smile.
Dean blinked. “Thank you,” he said, still baffled as to why Castiel was visiting him in his dressing room, now fifteen minutes before the start of his wedding. “You came in here just to tell me that?” he asked.
And so he didn’t look in the mirror. He didn’t touch his face. There wasn’t a single mirror in the cottage. His cottage. Where he lived alone. Where he had lived alone for the past 8 years. Ever since his father had died.
That had been 5 years ago. And he was still a monster. And he was beginning to think he always would be.
He pressed his lips to Dean’s forehead, and noticed that he seemed a little less flushed than before and that he was breathing easier. Dr. Singer’s herbs seemed to be doing the trick. He pulled the blanket up around him just a little bit more and then crawled onto the bed next to him and laid down, staring at the side of Dean’s face that he hadn’t paid attention to until now.
“You’re afraid,” he realized. And he spoke softly. “But not of being rejected. You’ve experienced that enough to last a life time. And you’re used to it. You’re afraid of the exact opposite. You’re afraid of being fully known, and fully loved. Fully accepted, for just who you are. Because that’s something you’ve never experienced before. Unconditional love. And it terrifies you. Because you don’t think you deserve it. You don’t think you are worthy of it. You’d rather earn it. You’d rather do something, or be something, or give something. But I don’t want anything from you, Dean. I just want you. Just as you are.”
Or if he deserved to.
And Cas smiled.
"Only if you don't have syrup on them," Castiel said.
“So, does that mean that you’re out, now? I mean, I know you told your parents, but . . .?”
And Dean’s therapy was going well for the most part. He felt like his mind set was slowly changing, little by little as the months went by. But he knew he’d never have been able to do any of it without Cas.
“Was it just me that wanted to kiss you that night, Dean?” he asked, “and every night since?”
And Dean took it, smiling, and stood.  He rested his hand on Castiel's cheek and pressed his lips softly to his, closing his eyes, and drinking him in.
“I think I better just use a rag,” Castiel said, moving away from his sister.
Because he loved him. Him.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Castiel asked defensively.
“Yeah,” Castiel answered. “I’m Castiel.” He shook Dean’s extended hand as he took the seat next to him.
“Are you always this stubborn?” Dean retorted.
“Sorry,” Dean murmured.
And Dean buried his face in his arms and cried.
. Damn that boy and his fucking gorgeousness.
“No,” he sobbed. “No, Mom, no. I didn’t mean to. Please, no. I’m sorry.”
“Dean?!” he called louder, and they waited.
Dean’s excuse was always the same. He forgot. He didn’t think about it. Or he didn’t think it made any sense. They should wait till they had more dishes and load them all at once. But Castiel had told him that he just wanted him to do it even it didn’t “make sense” because it showed that he respected him and cared about him, and when Dean continued to ignore that, it hurt, and it made him angry.
**********
“And camping,” Dean said with a sigh, and a starry eyed look on his face as he rested his head back against the seat.
They’d been encouraged to bring blankets on the tour as it was getting chilly out and Dean draped the large blanket over both he and Cas as they rode on the Double Decker bus through the city in the starlight. And Castiel started to yawn, and his eyes closed, and his head fell onto Dean’s shoulder as the tour continued. And Dean didn’t wake him. He couldn’t. He didn’t want to. It was his fault the other man was so exhausted after all.
In the end they were truly proud of their creation.
“We can go anywhere you want after this,” Dean said. “I promise. Just humor me. It’ll only take a minute.”
Anna nodded. She gave her brother a kiss on the cheek and got flour on his face in the process. She giggled when she tried to wipe it off and just ended up creating a bigger mess instead.
“I was just thinking, you do leave your dishes on the counter, and you do leave the laundry room door open, and the pantry door open, and the junk mail on the table, and the kid’s used pull ups on the bathroom floor, but that’s because you are taking care of things. Because you are helping. Because you are cooking, and cleaning, and doing laundry, and feeding the kids, and me, and getting the mail, and paying the bills, and giving the kids their baths, and changing their clothes, and wiping their dirty butts. You are a good dad, and a good husband. And you take care of us. So for all the complaining I do, you really deserve more gratitude. So thank you.”
“Thanks, Mr. Winchester,” he said. “I really appreciate it.”
“Dean?” he said, his eyes blurry with tears, and he wiped them away again. “What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be getting married? Where’s Lisa?”
he thought.
“Please, come in, Castiel,” he said, stepping aside.
“You’re engaged?” Castiel said, and Dean swore he saw the light leaving Cas’s eyes and heard genuine despair in his voice, but he told himself his brain was just playing tricks on him.
“Yeah,” Castiel said, and he stood. “It was good seeing you too, Dean. Congratulations on the engagement.”
“Well, you should try it sometime,” Dean said.
“My dad thought it was,” Dean murmered.
And for a moment Dean didn’t say or do anything, and then he did everything at once.
Their gazes lingered on each other for a long moment before Castiel said, “I didn’t know you liked camping so much.”
“Cookie dough.”
“No, I hardly think that you would have, Dean,” Cas said. “I imagine it will take more than one session for that. But you will get there. I have faith in you.”
“We’ll figure it out,” Castiel said. “It’ll be an adventure.” And he placed a kiss on Dean’s cheek as they headed towards the plane.
And looked up, at dark hair, sapphire eyes, and a soft smile.
Cas shrugged. “Sure,” he said. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Yeah, I really loved it when I was at Stanford,” Castiel said, softly. “And I think I could use a new start. Things . . . things didn’t work out here, like I’d hoped they’d would.” His eyes met Dean’s and there was a deep sadness in them that mirrored his own.
“Well, I’ll leave you to it, then,” Bobby said. “Keep me informed.”
Castiel grinned and blushed. “It may have had something to do with those,” he said, “but I know your letter helped. So thank you. Stanford has been a dream of mine. I’m really excited.”
And Dean just grinned wider and pressed his lips to Castiel’s soundly. And they heard clapping and cheering around them and pulled away blushing and smiling, and pressing their forehead’s together.
Castiel eyed him.  “What?” he asked.
“What’s this?” Castiel asked.
“I can’t,” he said, taking a deep breath, tears falling once again. “I’m sorry, Cas. I can’t.”
"Papa!"
And while the other hundreds of juniors and seniors were out there dancing and mingling, Castiel was looking like he was about to have a panic attack.
“For what?”
Castiel sighed. “Okay,” he said reluctantly. He felt guilty but he knew how stubborn Dean could be and this argument was getting ridiculous.
“You’ve made me happier than I ever thought I could be, Dean,” he said. “I hope . . . I hope I’ve made you happy, too.”
“Oh,” he said, brushing his hand through his hair in reflex, “thank you.”
Castiel sat up and coaxed his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Dean it’s okay,” he said. “You’re safe. I’m here.” And he wiped the tears from Dean’s cheeks. “Shhh,” he soothed. “I’m here.”
“Ooh, that reminds me, Smores,” Dean said, licking his lips, and Cas laughed.
“I love you,” Castiel said sincerely.
“No,” he said, shaking his head slightly.
Castiel nodded in agreement and he hoped that meant Dean was liking the book he’d lent him.
He’d never had any sort of even semi erotic dream about Cas before, even with all of the feelings he’d had for the boy in the past. And they
“Yeah,” Dean said, sounding skeptical, his eyebrow raised. “You wanna watch a musical?”
“I don’t know if I can do this, Cas,” Dean said, shaking. “I’m scared.”
Castiel chuckled softly. “Goodnight, Dean,” he said.
God he really had to get his act together. This kid was his fucking student. And he was just that, a kid.
“Cars.”
“I’m sorry,” he said again, turning back to him as he opened the front door. “Stay safe, Dean.”
Cas found that not only was Dean incredibly cute, but he was also very sweet, and kind, and didn’t make him feel at all stupid about needing help with his math assignments. And he got the feeling that even if Dean didn’t find him attractive he still would have been just as sincere when he’d told Cas that “everyone needs help with something and nobody is good at everything.”
“Oh, thank God,” he whispered into her hair as she hugged him back. “I was so worried, Anna.”
They heard more coughing and footsteps, and the door slowly opened, and Dean stood there, his shoulders slumped, his eyes sunken, and glassy, but still wearing his mask.
God he was such a screw up. Lisa deserved so much better. But he couldn’t bear the thought of telling her that he was having second thoughts. She would be heart broken. She would hate him. He already hated himself.
Cas’s head was reeling. Dean had just kissed him. Kissed him like he’d never been kissed before, and now he wanted him to leave?
And Cas reached over and took the bowl from his shaking hands and set it on the floor, and scooted closer to him.
“So, apparently the hotel is booked solid, and while they are “very sorry” they can’t do anything about it,” Dean said, walking into the room slowly, shoving his hands into his pockets. “We’re kinda stuck here, Cas.”
Charlie looked at the girl next to her and they both blushed. “You know, the way you guys look at each other, the smiling, and the eye sex. We just thought you were already a thing is all.”
“I love you, Cas,” Dean said.
“Dean,” Cas said, as if reading the other man’s mind, “you can’t wear it while you eat anyway, and you need nourishment. Besides, Dr. Singer gave strict orders for you to keep it off while you are sick.” He reached over and placed his hand gently on Dean’s left cheek, and the man looked at him.
“Don’t fall asleep on me,” Castiel said with a soft smile, looking down at his wounded lover.
“Well, you gonna scoot over or what?” he asked, and Cas smiled a little and did, and he felt the mattress dipping as Dean climbed in next to him. And the best way he could think to describe the overwhelming feeling in his heart now was conflicted.
“I’ll guide you through it, okay?” Cas said, stroking the side of Dean’s head. “Would you like to sit? Or you could rest your head in my lap, if you would rather.”
“Visiting him?” she said. “He’s lonely, Castiel. Can’t you see that? That’s why he wanted us to stay.”
Dean smiled, and it was a foreign feeling, but he was beginning to like the way it felt, his lips curving upwards, his cheeks pushing out to the sides ever so slightly. The right side of his face didn’t move like the left side did, or if it did he couldn’t feel it, but it was still nice, just the knowledge that it was there.
“I love you, too,” she said. “That’s why we’re getting married in a few months.” She looked down at the ring on her finger and beamed, holding her hand up. And despite the fact that they both had morning breath and had vowed not to kiss each other until they’d both brushed their teeth, they pecked each other’s lips gently as it seemed the occasion called for it. Then they both smiled and climbed out of bed to get ready for work.
Dean beamed as he reached his husband’s side and wrapped his arms around him in a tight embrace, being careful not to let Castiel’s graduation cap poke him in the face.
"Thank you, Castiel," she said.
“Cupcakes,” Castiel said. “And donuts.”
Castiel took a deep breath, and stood, letting it out.
They slid their shoes on, grabbed their coats, scarves and gloves, and the key to their room, and headed down to the lobby.
“I know it looks bad, especially given Dean’s situation, but I swear it was all just a coincidence. The hotel didn’t have any other rooms so we were forced to share a bed. It wasn’t planned. The clothes thing happened because I spilled on my shirt and didn’t have anything else to wear and Dean let me borrow one of his, and the holding hands thing was incredibly brief. I stepped into the street without looking and Dean grabbed my hand to pull me out of someone’s way.”
He handed Dean some gloves he was hopeful would fit. The man’s hands seemed a little larger than his but his father’s gloves would do the trick he thought and they seemed to be in better shape than the ones Dean currently owned.
And they did. And Dean did find that being able to see out made him feel slightly less anxious and less claustrophobic.
“I feel sorry for him, Castiel,” Anna said. “But maybe there’s something else we can do for him.”
“My savior,” he said, taking them from her.
Cas smiled back. He moved closer to his sister again and kissed the top of her head. The only part it seemed that wasn’t covered in flour, and then went to their shed to start on his project.
“Oh?” Dean said. God, he could stare into those eyes for an eternity. “Stanford treated you well?”
He went to the curtain and pulled it back.
“If you are trying to turn me on, it’s not working,” Cas teased.
Dean smiled. “I’m happy for you, Castiel,” he said.
Castiel flushed, and bit his lip.
“Dean?” he heard, and looked up to see Cas standing in his doorway.
Shame and guilt were his new best friends it seemed in the last few months since he’d developed these feelings for the dark haired boy, and he was starting to think they weren’t going to be fading any time soon.
“Please,” the man said, timidly. “I didn’t feel right changing you myself, but you will get sicker if you don’t get into dry clothes. I think this will fit you.”
It was morning now, and they were ready to leave. Castiel had been ready to leave an hour ago, but Dean had offered them breakfast and Anna had politely accepted and then stayed to help Dean clean up.
Cas smiled and Dean swore he saw the other man blushing as well.  "Good luck to you, too, Mr. Winchester," he replied.
“Keep it,” Dean answered. “I have no use for it, and I think my mother would like you to have it.”
“Anna!” he called when he got home.
“Of course,” Castiel said, and his stomach was doing flips when Dean spoke again.
“We could take turns,” Castiel suggested.
Dean chuckled and wiped his eyes and then used the handkerchief on his nose once again.
What if seeing Dean scared him too much? What if it repulsed him? What if he couldn’t hide his disgust and his fear? What if he couldn’t handle the man under the mask? The real Dean. What if he wasn’t as good of a friend as he thought he was? What if he didn’t love Dean as much as he thought he did? Would seeing his deformity be enough to make him change his mind, to make him turn away?
Dean took a deep breath.  “I don’t do mirrors, Cas,” he said, looking at the other man, his green eyes filled with fear.  “I haven’t . . . I can’t.” His hand was trembling under Castiel’s and his voice shook.
Shit. As if Dean wasn’t feeling guilty enough already now he’d forgotten to even let his fiance know he’d made it to DC safely, and she knew how much he hated to fly.
“What’s that?” Dean asked when Cas arrived one afternoon after making a trip home for some lumber and a few other items. He’d planned to fix the loose boards on Dean’s porch now that the weather was getting nicer.
“Very well,” he said.
Dean chuckled. “I’ll work on the dishes thing, okay,” he said. “I still don’t agree with it, but I’ll work on it, for you. Because I love you.” He brushed his nose up against Castiel’s.
Castiel flushed. “I just meant . . .”
It didn’t matter, though, Cas was graduating in a few weeks and then he would be off to Stanford, on the other side of the country, and Dean would never see him again. Besides that Cas was way too young for him. It would never work. And he would probably be horrified at the idea of dating a former teacher.
Dean turned his head and looked at him. “Of course,” he said with a grin.  And there was a pause before Dean spoke again.
“Oh my God,” he whispered.
Dean grinned. “Not used to being flirted with, I take it?”
And then they heard something from the other side of the door that sounded like someone coughing, violently, and they exchanged glances with each other.
“My pleasure,” Dean said. And he couldn’t help but ask. “By the way, what are you studying in college, Castiel?”
Dean’s eyes opened and he took in his surroundings. He reached over to shut off the alarm and then ran his hand over his face, his heart racing.
“Oh,” Cas said. “I didn’t realize. I just noticed that there weren’t any here but I didn’t really stop to think why, Dean.  Is it, because of your face?”
“Mostly wedding stuff I guess,” he said. “I’m looking forward to it, of course, but it’s stressful. Sometimes I wish we could just go to a courthouse and call it a day, not have to worry about all the hubbub. But it’s important to Lisa. And I get it, it’s something to be celebrated. When it all comes down to it, I want it too, I just wish it were simpler.” There. That wasn't a total lie.  Not the reason for his sleeplessness, but it was all true.
“Blue,” he said, his eyes locked with Castiel’s.
“Chocolate lover, or nut lover?” Castiel asked.
And he shut his eyes tightly and more tears fell. Tears of longing and want. Tears of guilt and regret, shame, and hurt. God he didn’t know what he was doing anymore. Nothing in his life made sense.
“Please, Dean,” Castiel said softly, “let me love you.”
“Anna, please,” Cas said solemnly.
“Hey, babe, you should see this video on Youtube, it’s hilarious,” Dean said with a chuckle, his eyes on his phone.
Dean was having a nightmare.
Dean sighed. “Sorry,” he said, rubbing his hands on his thighs. “I know it can be loud. Lisa’s told me. If it happens again just shove me until I wake up and I’ll stop. That’s what she does.”
And Dean found himself staring.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m . . .” Dean stammered, grabbing his things and standing up.
“You jerk,” Cas said, but laughed as well. “You better kiss me after that.”
“He’s never been here with a boy before,” she surmised in her sweet young voice. Dean guessed she was around ten. “And he was holding your hand when you got here. My parents used to hold hands, before they died. I remember asking them why they did it when I was little and my dad told me it was because they loved each other.”
“Please, have a seat, Mr. Novak,” Principal Ackles said, and they continued with their morning meeting for a few more minutes.
And there was that beautiful voice, soothing him.
Dean shrugged. “My brother’s out in California. My parents got divorced when I was a freshman in college and Lisa’s not really a big fan. We went once but she was pretty miserable so I haven’t taken her again since.”
Cas blinked. “What?” he said again. “Of course they’re my real eyes.”
Turns out Dean’s favorite place was just a couple of miles down the road from the college and was a popular little corner shop called
And now, they were free, to chase their dreams together.
He cast a glance towards his mask.
Cas smiled now, and more tears fell, but they were tears of joy this time. Utter and complete joy.
Dean blushed fiercely under his mask and bit his lip. He wasn’t accustomed to being flirted with, but he was pretty sure that’s what Castiel was doing. And he didn’t mind one bit.
“Give him another chance. Just be patient with him. He obviously has something going on. People put up walls for a reason. Or masks. Just be his friend, do what he wants to do, what he feels comfortable with. Let the rest take care of itself.”
And two weeks later, Dean was holding tightly to Castiel’s hand as they walked up the steps to the orphanage, and his heart was pounding, and his palms were sweating, and he was wearing his mask, because he really did think it was for the best.
And Dean swallowed. And his heart rate picked up. And he wasn’t hungry anymore.
“It’s okay,” Dean said. “It’s not your fault.”
And then he walked out, and pulled the curtain closed behind him.
“Thank you, Charlie,” Dean said, but then stopped her as she headed for the door. “Wait, what do you mean half the school thought we were a couple already?”
Dean glanced down at what he was wearing, slightly embarrassed. He’d been wearing his father’s old clothes for quite some time now, and they had grown worn and thin and frayed. And it was becoming increasingly chillier to go hunting in them, that was for sure. His coat especially was in need of repair but getting new things was impossible since he could never go into town, so he just made due with what he had.
“Dean Winchester, look at me,” he said, kneeling in front of Dean and sliding one hand between Dean’s cheek and the pillow it was resting on and resting the other on his other cheek. “Your father was wrong. You’ve spent your whole life listening to lies, and believing them. But he was wrong. And it’s time you started hearing and believing the truth.”
“Cas,” Anna said, sitting down next to him on a stool. “Look, you know I’m happy with my work, where I am, doing what I’m doing. But you know that you don’t have to be me, right? You don’t have to want the same things I want, or have the same dreams that I have. You are allowed to be yourself, and chase your dreams. And if those dreams involve romance and love and a husband and a family, then . . .”
