The evening was hard for everyone. The unfortunate truth was, though, that she was normal, with a powered baby.
“Oh,” Cas says, glancing at Dean and gesturing, “Jack is referring to our wings. Mine are black, merely larger and more plentiful. Jack’s are white, and much smaller. A tiny bit deformed, unfortunately, but very similar to the other owl’s.” Cas smiles at Dean. “So, in a way, they are ‘us.’”
“How did you meet Sam?”
“Nothin’ serious,” Dean says, before Cas can head into a full-on meltdown. “Got a bit of glass in my leg.”
“You jumped on the
If he was forced to accept the car, not only would that
“He came with me.” Dean folded Sam’s arm back down to the bed, his large mechanic’s hands strangely gentle. “I’m keeping an eye on him.”
He should not have started this conversation. They’ve got to get their stories straight for one, though obviously, definitely, meeting in the library is the option to go with, for everyone’s sake. But he can’t escape the flush, or the way his veins tingle every time he thinks of a certain reluctant Business & Accounting student, and he knows he’s being all too obvious. Hell, he’s even had comments from some of the students who have seen them in the library together. It just feels like this has been going on longer than two days, and in a way it has.
“Yeah, well, not the first thing you tell people, is it? That our dad cared more about our mom dead, than his two kids, alive. But he wasn’t right in the head, I know that now. He started drinking more and more, called it his ‘demon’. We did what we had to do to survive. Lived in motels, settling in a new place, ’til the money ran out. He’d disappear for weeks, leaving me to handle the food, and eventually the motel would realise we weren’t gonna pay, and just when I was getting desperate, he’d reappear, and we’d chuck everything in Baby, in the middle of the night, and get outta town.”
“Right, pants off.” Mrs Novak materialises at Dean’s side, a basin, gauze, and antiseptic wipes on a flowery kitchen tray. She turns to Cas, who is hovering, ineffectually, by the table. “Stir the cheese sauce, Cas. It won’t make itself.”
They were sitting in the Impala, Cas in the driving seat, still in the parking lot.
“Materialistic?”
“But—”
“Oh yeah.” More at ease now, Dean leaned back, his arm along the back of the couch.
“How’s he doing today?” Dean stepped forward eagerly, his eyes scanning the room, over Jess’ shoulder.
Across the table Castiel was squinting as he tilted his head, looking from Missouri, to Dean, and Bobby.
“Charlie,
Dean daren’t look down as Mr Novak crouches between his legs, gently probing the marks smattering his thighs. Instead he indulges Cas in a non-verbal blame game, whilst Mrs Novak unwraps a dressing and waits for the diagnosis.
“I feel like I should make a joke about pussy here.” Balthazar plucked the panties out of her reach.
Dean leaned forward and inspected the electronics box. “You gotta insert the key card. It’s a security measure.” He squinted at Castiel. “You forget that?”
Dean raised a second eyebrow. “You need a
She gave a little shrug. “I’ve got my brother coming over, I haven’t seen him in years. Kali’s parents are coming down, and Gabriel’s going home on Christmas Eve. You can have New Year’s Eve off though.” Her voice turned pleading. “I’m sorry, Castiel, I hate doing this to you again, it’s just—”
He froze, searching their faces for a sign this was a joke, some ridiculous prank. But they looked steadily back, Ellen fidgeting with the wedding ring on her left finger, the one scarred by a dog bite.
Classic Rock,” he informed the presenter, before beeping his horn at some idiot who had obviously given up and decided to do a u-turn right in front of him.
“I don’t think that’s for you,” he said, as Gypsum sprang into the box, grabbed the brightly coloured toy and rolled over on the coat.
“Yes.” He waved his hand. “I’m fine, just… thinking I guess.”
“They’ve invited me because they think I’m engaged to their son. And you know, and I know, that that’s not true.” He shook his head, stupid tears gathering once more in the corner of his eyes. “I shouldn’t be here.”
Castiel wasn’t Sam’s type at
“This is clearly your passion.”
“Probably about their reputation too,” Bobby put in, then downed his whisky in a gulp. “It’s only because they’re a fancy private college that they’re even bothering about this. The kid’s an adult, she don’t want parents getting stuck between her and her tutor.”
That should hopefully give them something to focus on, and keep them away from mines and other dangerous topics. Now he just has to handle his mother.
“Ah fuck. Forget I said that.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck and gave a dry chuckle. “Funnily enough, if Sam was awake, I’d probably be flirtin’ with you just to piss him off, but, yeah. I can’t help myself apparently.”
pies for him, but he’d obviously misheard.
“Yeah. You choose that name?” Dean slammed his door shut, and then locked both doors with a key, the old fashioned way.
He’d kinda hoped it would be Cas. Simpler all round.
“Someone call an ambulance!” He hoped Gabriel was already onto them.
“Ya think?” Dean asked, his tone laced with scepticism. “You don’t forget to eat, man.”
Feeling like the chicken and roast potatoes were plotting their revenge on his digestion, Dean followed him slowly to the back of the house. He had no great hopes for a conversation that had to take place in the snug, if the previous conversation, awkward as it was, was fit for the lounge.
But Dean’s green gaze had turned curious, waiting for an answer.
Gabriel patted his shoulder. “You saved that guy’s life! You shouldn’t suffer.”
“Kinda snooty too though.” Gabriel frowned, his fingers tapping on the cash register. “You know, he’s hot, but there’s something about him. I’m not sure I trust him. Though if he’s unconscious I’m not sure what harm he could do.”
“We thought we should drink to the end of your little project. It
He jerked them away before she could catch them with her claws. At least he could return them to Mrs Mancini later, and save himself forty bucks. Whilst Mrs Maninci was far from fat, she wasn’t a skinny eighteen year-old gazelle either. At forty bucks a pair, he could only assume she was paying by inch.
“A mature student,” Dean says. “In—”
of them in intensive care.”
doing it at work… but he told me he wasn’t.”
“Yeah, well she’s far from perfect.” Dean turned and unlocked the nearest door, his pale skin flaming, as Castiel had noticed it always did when he was praised. “Take a look inside.”
The battery, at 2%, isn’t going to last long. He hasn’t charged it since dialling for pizza, last night. He was distracted. No surprise there.
In the doorway, Dean choked. “Yeah, that’s not what I heard…”
He slammed the door behind him and then slumped against it.
“You let Castiel drive Baby!" Charlie eyed him with disbelief, before casting a thoughtful look at Castiel. “O—kay."
Dean led him around the side of the forecourt, past some modern saloons and SUVs, mostly a few years old, and towards a covered area. In pride of place was a low slung dark green car, single door, with a coupe back and a wide, flat grille.
“The cat?”
"Didn't I tell you?" Missouri smiled around at them, her spoon suspended in the air. "I knew those boys were made for each other."
this?” Dean asked, leading the way through the murky underground parking lot, after offering to give Castiel a lift to Sam’s place.
He knew she was just waiting for an opportunity to get him alone.
“Wait a moment, let me think. Obviously when he’s like…
Dean nods along. Does he? Doesn’t he? He’s not actually sure. He’s not ready for happy families, has never really had that, either in his own fucked-up family, or with any girl. It’s not that it’s
“Can I help you boys?” A matronly looking woman came to the door where Castiel stood, frozen with shame.
“Here we are.” Castiel pointed at Sam’s block, thankful he’d taken time to look it up on street-view the previous day.
“What’s with the sour face?” There came a plop as Gabriel pulled the brightly coloured candy cane from his mouth. “Saw you coming back from lunch with Hannah the other day, so your life should be looking up. We all know she’s got a crush on you.”
“Oh not you too!”
“Apple pie.” Dean pursed his lips, then nodded. “It’s a deal. Now shall we get out and take a proper look at the damage? Check we’re okay to drive to Ellen’s?”
! The gay thing?” He shook his head. “I hadn’t thought of that. Ah crap.”
Bobby swirls his whisky round his tumbler. “I always said Jo wasn’t suited to an all-girls anything, Ellen.”
to get a cat without hair? Wasn’t the whole point to have something to stroke, something soft? Something like a living teddy bear that would occasionally scratch your eyes out and vomit on the bedroom rug.
“He’ll be okay, Castiel. He’s always been so big and strong. He even survived a house-fire when he was a baby, you know.”
Dean’s stance softened and, to Castiel’s relief, he huffed out a breath. “You’re right there. Says Baby’s too much of a gas guzzler. I think he’s just jealous though.”
“No, but—”
Castiel shook his head. “I’ve, er, not been feeling too good.”
Castiel followed his gaze.
gay crush.”
“Beautiful?” Dean had stepped back, his brow furrowed. “You think
“Yeah, well.” Dean grunted. “You don’t know me.”
“You know Sam,” he said weakly. “He isn’t a big fan of cars.”
“Bigger than this?” His phone forgotten, Castiel cast an impressed glance up and down the interior.
Blinking Castiel held out both arms and laid one trench-coated arm against the bonnet.
Dean swallowed, and now seemed to be avoiding everyone’s gaze.
He lifted the giftbag with the bottle of wine he’d used the last of his electricity money to buy.
Stepping over Gypsum, who was threading around his legs, he gathered up Charlie’s mug and returned it to the kitchen. Dean had sent him a text earlier, to remind him to get his iron levels sorted, and he hadn’t yet had a chance to reply.
“I think it’s just a bruise but you’d better come for an x-ray, just in case. You got off lucky, both of you really, considering what could have happened.”
drive Baby?”
“Dean?” Castiel stepped forward. “What’s wrong?”
That probably didn’t sound any better.
He sighed again.
“It’s all right Dad, this is—”
“This is it?” Castiel took a look around, as Dean stopped the car and jumped out to open the gate, ignoring Castiel’s offer.
“That doesn’t mean he’d do drugs.”
“Charlie! What’s, what’s happened to Ellen? Is she… she’s not…” He could barely speak.
like, it’s better. And I guess that’s why it’s been a while. I don’t just want a hot body, I want something more.”
“Let’s get this show started then.” Dean clapped his hands together, his lips curving into a grin, but his sudden change in demeanour far from convincing.
, Cassie…”
They pause panting.
Balthazar shook his head, movement returning as he pushed past Castiel. “I don’t know what y—”
“What type of car are we talking about?” Castiel wondered, as they headed deeper into a suburb that probably used to be a bit rough, but was clearly on the up. If this was where Bobby had his garage, it would be worth a fair bit now. “I wouldn’t feel comfortable accepting anything expensive.”
“Is Missouri Ellen’s mother, or Bobby’s?” Castiel asked him, looking bewildered.
“Yeah…” Dean swallowed next to him. “Um, can we—” He glanced over at Castiel, and licked his lips. “Um, it’s…”
“Thanks,” the receptionist said, taking both clipboards. “I’ll check these through, and if everything’s ok, I’ll get Donna, our nurse to take you through for the preliminary checks. I’ll just be a minute.”
“Why is it called the ‘Pimpmobile?’” There had been some TV programme years back but he’d never got round to seeing it. “I never actually watched that ‘Pimp my Ride’, it always clashed with David Attenborough’s ‘Blue Planet’. That’s a wildlife documentary,” Castiel clarified, as Dean frowned. “Does that mean the owner lends it out to different people, like a pimp, ah, rents out their women?”
Castiel froze.
His heart warming a little at that friendly ‘Cas’, Castiel nodded and gave his full name to the lady, as they followed her over to the reception desk.
“Baby!” Cas blurts. “You should—”
He was going to tell Charlie that he had to tell them the truth. They’d never want to see him again, and that would be awful, he felt nauseous thinking about it, but it was better than being a fraud.
She batted him on the arm. “I told you, it’s Charlie, especially when I’m off duty. And you can’t just drop that and run, they’ve invited you.”
Castiel darted a quick glance up the track, to the signal that had just turned green. The train would be coming in any minute now. He gulped, his hands fisting by his sides, as he peered along the platform, straining, hoping to see help on its way.
“About Cas bein’ a guy, I meant.”
“I was four, Sam was a baby.”
That’s California, and anyway, at college you tend to mix with a lot of different people, see a lot of different points of view.” Castiel swallowed suddenly. He was sticking as close to the truth as he could, but it didn’t seem to be dampening the roiling guilt in his gut.
Charlie let her.
wears panties?” Balthazar shook his head as he pondered this. “That’s some seriously kinky stuff, Cassie. Did the cat
Bobby tilted his head towards the doorway of the room, away from the other visitors. “Come over here, a minute. Away from these adjust.”
His head titled to one side, Castiel considered the car. It was a good, solid family car. Luxurious even.
“I’ll take it out when I come back with your cookies. But you’ll have to stay until we’re sure you won’t pass out on the way home.” She pulled back the cubicle curtain and waved. “See ya in a minute.”
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut. “You just stay there,” he hissed, shoving Balthazar into the cupboard.
“Is everything okay?” he ventured, looking around at last. Dean had been missing for some minutes. “Dean?”
Slowly, Balthazar withdrew his other hand from his pocket, as Castiel watched with a frown.
“That sucks.” Dean frowned. “But what about your twin? Where was… I mean, I know he died, but you said he was a tax accountant, so…” He faltered to the end, his face red.
“Give the man whisky, none of this eggnog rubbish.”
“It’s called jubilee gold.”
Castiel glances down at the foil-covered pecan pie in his lap. He looks at Dean, then through the windscreen, down the gravelled drive towards the twinkling, welcoming windows of Cas’s parents’ house.
Castiel and Dean. Happy. Together. In the future.”
He never told anyone where
Behind Jo, Dean closed his eyes, but it was too late.
Nice save.
Castiel shrugged and wandered around to peer over Dean’s shoulder. Together they looked down at the open hood. It was a jumble of pipes and… valves maybe? Dean seemed to be satisfied with what they were seeing. And it certainly seemed clean for an engine, but that was about as far as his knowledge of cars would take him.
“Um…” Dean looked hunted for a moment, and then gave up. “Both?”
“It’s beautiful.” His voice was reverential,
He changed the subject swiftly. “So… this was your first restoration?”
“He obviously loves you,” Castiel tried. “Would he really want you to take the garage on, if it will make you so unhappy? Have you ever tried talking to him about it?”
Castiel absorbed the news in silence. This was going to be difficult to avoid.
“They’ll forgive me when they see these pies.” Cas peels back the foiled corner of the uppermost pie. The one with the cross and the pecans.  Then he groans. “You’re right they’ll never believe I made them myself.”
home,” Castiel said, as Donna disappeared.
Winding its way round his ankles was quite possibly the ugliest cat he’d ever laid eyes on.
“Well there’s one living in his flat, and Sam was buying its dinner…” He shrugged. “Dean and I went over to feed it, and then had some dinner, before going to the hospital. It made sense to go together." It seemed to last night, anyway.
the keys.”
“Well if it’s not a cat, I’d like to know what I’ve been feeding.” He met Dean’s gaze and smiled more confidently than he felt. “A very large and hungry mouse, perhaps?”
Before Castiel could say anything, he stalked towards the old garage building, leaving Castiel, alone on the forecourt, staring after him.
“Except Dean,” said a young woman with blond hair and ripped jeans.
“There’d need to be a lot of fuel stops. Baby just guzzles oil.” Dean signalled and pulled out into the street. “What do you mean, imagining? Did you never actually go?” He winced. “Oh shit, sorry. Ellen told me your dad died a few years ago.”
waistline can take it.”
But Mrs Novak hasn’t forgotten her mission.
“Mrrrp.” There was a cheep and a high miaow below him and something wound its way around his trouser leg.
Cas shrugs as he’s enveloped in a wine-scented embrace, her forehead only just reaching his shoulder.
“In here?” Balthazar tried to struggle free. “What’s going on?”
He sighed again, as Sam lay unresponsive.
“Hey, Castiel! Where are you off to?” A familiar voice sounded in his ear, and Castiel winced as red-mittened hands swung him around by the shoulders.
“Ah crap.”
“Leave that alone,” he said tiredly and, dropping his bag on the table, he made for the cupboard where he knew he had at least two more tins of Gypsum’s food.
But the one-twenty-five express was already rounding the corner.
“Castiel—Castiel Novak,” he said, wondering whether it would make things better or worse for them to be told the truth now. Perhaps he should wait, at least until the older lady looked a little better.
“Yes, Joanne Beth?” A quick glance at Dean showed his cheeks were flushed, but that didn’t stop his mocking tone.
fiancees! And only one of them with two ees.”
the way Dean wanted to ‘meet the parents’.
“It’s because of you,” Castiel told him, turning to look him in the eye. “I know it’s hard to watch him get every desire. I
After parking “Baby” in what Dean deemed, finally, to be an appropriate slot, they walked the short distance to the diner opposite the blood department, at the back of the hospital.
He reaches, slowly, for his belt. Maybe if he leans forward, drapes his shirt tails over his thighs. And for fuck’s sake, why isn’t Cas helping him here?
“Er,” says Dean, staring at her. Because…
Dean threw himself into the seat next to Castiel and pulled out his own phone. The silence grew suddenly awkward.
Dean straightened.
.” Without quite realising, he had slid his hand across the leather, pressing it against Dean’s own. “I didn’t know.”
Four months, in a way.
“I barely felt a thing,” said Castiel, continuing to produce rabbits. Dean eyed the finger, which was still bleeding, dubiously.
“I thought you said you were going for lunch?” Hannah, panting, had caught up with him, pressing her hand to her chest.
“Do you think he’ll ever forgive me?”
“Everyone’s got something,” Donna reassured him, taking his hand and covering it from view as she pressed the clicker to his forefinger. “With me it’s teeth. Can’t stand them!” Dean yelped. “There you go, all done. Now let’s set you up in the donation room.”
“Hold that for me.”
The last thing he needed was to be trapped in a vehicle with Dean Winchester for an interrogation. Castiel shook his head. “Thank you, but I can easily walk to the station. I’m used to it.” He swung the coat around his shoulders. “I should get going.”
gave Sam everything he needed. I know it’s not fair. You deserved to have that kind of start too.” He shook his head. “Jesus, I don’t think you realise what you actually did. Dean, you could have followed your dad, you could have treated Sam the way
Jo snorted.
Sorry for the missing week, another horrible migraine got between me and my laptop.
“It’s a beautiful car, Dean,” Castiel chastised. “And I’m honoured that you would offer me the first vehicle you ever restored.”
“Right.” Sitting up, Dean flung his napkin on the table. “If we’re gonna do this, we’re gonna do it properly. I’m—yep—I’m bi.” He looked round the table, his gaze hard. “All right?”
“Dean saved his life,” put in Jo, from her chair by the bed. She was watching him with curious eyes. “I still can’t believe you haven’t met him.”
She snaps on a pair of surgical gloves and raises an expectant and strangely Cas-like eyebrow.
“Come on, we’d better feed that kitty.”
Balthazar jumped to his feet. “Goodness, is that the time?” He shoved his phone in his pocket, and pulled his deep v-neck sweater further down over his hips. “Places to be, people to see, et cetera. I won’t trespass on your time any–”
“I’m sure Castiel can prove it, though I really don’t think he should have to.” Rolling his eyes, Bobby got to his feet and, with a decisive grunt, pulled his cap further over his forehead.
“Well aint this fancy.”
Oh God. Dean would probably assume he meant Balthazar.
“I need her.” There was a thump and a rustle. “And you say this Cast
Exposed now, Balthazar gave a slow chuckle as he switched his phone to silent. “When you’re in the closet it’s hard to have a meaningful relationship with anything other than your hand. You should know
an ally all these years.”
Still eyeing the cat with dismay Cas crossed his arms and determined to style it out.
Green eyes darkened. “Well now you’ve met me. I’m sorry if I’m a disappointment.”
“Doubtful,” Castiel replied, glancing down at his tatty boxers. He
“You’d better watch out, Castiel," Charlie said, breaking into his thoughts. "I think Nurse Jessica has a bit of a crush on your fiance.”
“It only has seatbelts in the front?”
“Who’s this then, another doctor?” demanded Bobby, gesturing at Castiel.
A coin clattered into the tray.
“Maybe you’ve been past my tollbooth at the transit?” Castiel hazarded, his confused gaze flickering to Dean, as Dean suddenly dreading what he knew would come, squeezed his way back round the table.
“Is this your eggnog, Ellen?” Missouri sniffed it rapturously. “I’ve been dreaming of it for weeks. Oh it is
“It’s good to see you, too, Missouri.” Charlie leaned over and pressed her hand gently. “I don’t know if you remember me, I’m—”
“Here’s your favourite visitor to see you, handsome!”
need Ellen Harvelle on his case about her precious daughter, even if Jo would probably kick him in the balls if he ever tried anything on.
Castiel stopped by at the hospital on his way through town, just to check on Sam before heading over to his apartment, which, going by Google streetview was a glistening glass and metal tower down by the river.
“Oh my God, Dean.” He gulped at Dean’s stare. “I’m so, so sorry. I just, I thought it was up, to reverse, and—well, apparently that was wrong.”
“Sorry.” Chastened, Dean shoved his hands in his pockets. “I’m listening. What’s going on? Is Jo okay? You said she was unhappy.”
“Can’t we just wait for— Surely Bobby didn’t expect me to just pick
“Who’s Benny?” Castiel whispered, to no one in particular.
Castiel clearly lived in one of the rougher parts of Pilsen. The red brick apartment blocks were old, but unlike those further east, they hadn’t been upgraded yet; the windows were falling apart, and going by the number of nameplates on Castiel’s building, the apartments were densely packed inside too.
“This is Dean,” announced Jo, her gaze darting between them expectantly, her hands clenching and unclenching at her sides.
“Keep talking to him,” she urged them, brushing long floppy hair off Sam’s brow. “He may well be able to hear you.”
She chewed on her lip. “Please Castiel. Please don’t tell them, not until Sam’s recovered and they’re happy again. You’ll break their hearts.”
They parked up in front of the tired-looking building that was probably the original garage. Steps ran above the doors, to a smaller, domestic door, leading to the second storey. Dean followed his gaze.
“Oh yeah, I guess so.” Dean seemed satisfied, temporarily at least, and remained silent, staring down at his rugged boots, until they reached the 69th floor.
“We’re here to give blood.” Dean stepped in front of him, all business. “Cas here got a call from the hospital.”
to be a consent issue.
“Right,” said Ellen, getting to her feet. “You’re on washing up duty tonight, young lady.”
“It’s fine!” Dean cast a desperate glance towards Castiel, who had no idea what to do. Then he
“I admire teeth,” said Garth, apparently oblivious to the chaos he’d triggered.
“Here you are,” she said, shoving the second hotdog at him. “You look like you could do with a hot meal.”
Dean glanced up through his lashes. “Oh yeah? What’s that?”
“Well that’s understandable. And it isn’t usually a fifty-fifty split anyway.”
Charlie stared between them.
near as much as you’d think. You can’t ask full market price when you’ve taken short-cuts. I don’t like doing it, it feels wrong, somehow, not to have everything just right, but Bobby would rather get them restored quickly and out on the forecourt.”
“Oh really?” Jo crowed. “And how do you know?”
Dean growled under his breath. He’d had enough. He set his drink on the window sill, and got to his feet, ready to head over there and extract her from the group, before she had a chance to cause even more trouble.
“Sam may not be a mechanic, but you and your brother have one thing in common…”
“Yes.” Hannah shoved her hotdog at him and reached inside her jacket to tug out a sheet of legal paper. “It says here. Castiel Novak, nominated employee of the month. Castiel is always on time, and is only very rarely distracted by his colleagues, namely Gabriel Loki, who is most definitely
“No.” Dean strode to the window, peered out, and nodded, apparently satisfied with what he saw. “Nah, I brought Baby. You’ve got a choice of two, you see. Bobby wasn’t sure which you’d prefer. And anyway, I didn’t want you on that transit again, not with your iron levels so low; so I said I’d pick you up.”
Castiel touched his arm, turning him gently towards him. “You can tell me anything, Dean. Nothing will go beyond this room, I promise you that.”
“Musta been.” Dean frowned and tugged at the sleeves of his plaid shirt, his threadbare jeans and rugged boots so very different from Sam’s camel-coloured cashmere. “And what d’ya mean, I’m not what you expected? What’s Sam been tellin’ you.”
“Just… feeling a little faint,” Castiel managed to whisper, as Dean helped him towards the loo, and pushed him down on the closed seat.
? What do—” Dean shook his head. “What do you do in the summer?”
“…Dean?”
“I wouldn’t feel comfortable taking a valuable car, Dean.”
as effective.” She lowered her voice. “Get that full blood count done, but just pick up the iron tablets in a drugstore, it’ll be a lot cheaper.”
They had arrived at the door to Sam’s private room and she pushed it open, with a cheery smile.
Cas’s lips twist.
He’s got one call. Who’s it gonna be? Cause Cas will be getting anxious if he doesn’t text soon.
How much more damage was he going to do to these people’s lives?
“What are you two hiding?
The middle-aged woman had folded her arms. “We’re family all right.”
But Dean still wasn’t satisfied.
Charlie shook her head.
Castiel bit his lip. It had certainly been well over 3 months, probably closer to 3 years, but he couldn’t tell Dean that. On the other hand, unless he told Dean
“Bout college? You been?”
“I do. Very much.” Castiel walked to the other side, admiring the wing. “She’s such a beautiful colour.”
He bit back a wince as his knee twisted beneath him.
Not for the first time since all this had started, he wondered how, exactly, Sam supported his brother.
“So-so,” said Bobby, leaning over Jo and grabbing a roll. “She’s on some drugs that are slowing the disease down, and she’s still going to the social club every week, which is good for her—keeps her stimulated.”
“Not good for much, but I
“No big deal?” her voice rose.
“I’m practically his mother, God rest her soul,” argued the older blonde woman, possibly the mother of the girl in ripped jeans.
“Oh,” said Charlie, meditatively, painting pictures on the sugar-strewn table. “I find that a little strange. They’re so close.”
“Remembered?” Castiel looked puzzled as he leaned to shake hands across the roast potatoes. “Have, er, have we met before?”
Castiel considered him, his head tilted to one side. “But you’re a perfectionist.”
“Fluffy, huh?”
“Definitely bed bugs, Jane.”
“Well he’s marrying me, so there.” Castiel retorted, though he was far from as sanguine as he sounded.
He frowned at her, before the whistling kettle recalled him to his task. It seemed an odd question.
very handsome of course, though he’s not my usual type. Um. His smile, I suppose that was the first thing I noticed.”
The next thing Castiel knew, he was being dragged into the private ward behind the three people who had arrived demanding to see Sam Winchester. He stared at Jessica in confusion, trying to signal his question with his eyes, but smiling, she pulled him into the room and shut the doors behind them all. Trapping him.
“Take off your coat, Dean. It’s damp and Mom needs you, so we don’t want you going down with the flu.”
“What have you got there?” Castiel asked, leaning in for a better look.
“Stand to the side, and then follow us in,” said the EMT winking, as he operated the lift. “We’ll pretend you followed us in a cab.”
“Er, we just call it ‘Fluffy’.”
“…hasn’t met Dean.”
not Sam’s fiance!” The man's voice was rich and deep. Also, deeply, deeply unconvinced.
“Can we just forget that happened?” Castiel asked, his eyes on the cat.
The strains of classic rock filled the car, and his shoulders began to relax, even though they’d joined a lengthy queue, shoppers heading downtown for the sales.
“Did ya think you were subtle?” Bobby snorted a laugh. “The only surprise was when Sam turned out to be gay before you did… And he actually
“A friend taught me how to cook them, but he’s responsible for the decoration.” He pulls back the foil on the one with the cross. “You know I’m not artistic.”
“Bobby, you won’t believe it!” Jo beckoned him over, her eyes still wide as she glanced between Castiel and Dean.
“What?” he barked. “Not that I’m not grateful, but I’ve had to tell you a lot of things I’d rather have kept under wraps, thanks to Jo’s meddling—and yours,” he said, looking at Bobby, who had the grace to look ashamed.
Dean smiled just as sweetly back.
“Are we celebrating?” Cas asks, once they’ve installed Dean, his thigh now bandaged, on the couch in the lounge. They haven’t had a moment alone together since Dean arrived, which is turning out to be something of a problem.
“Whatever.” Dean shrugged. “There’s a family sunday lunch later, Ellen asked me to invite you along. You can say, if you’ve had enough of the Winchester clan by now. I know we can be a bit much.”
Ellen sighed.
, Charlie.”
Perhaps Garth’s wine had already gotten to him in his anaemic state.
“So we all came together,” finished a plumpish woman in her early fifties. “How is he?”
He barked a laugh. This was going to sound insane whatever he said.
If only he’d gotten there more quickly, he might have been able to stop the gang from pushing Sam onto the rails in the first place.
Ellen touched his arm again.
“I’m gonna put the needle in now,” she announced, blocking Dean’s view of his arm. “Castiel, you go hold his other hand, and keep him occupied.” Castiel sat frozen in his seat, but she nudged him out of the way. “Go on! Don’t care how you distract him, long as it doesn’t leave a mess for me to clean up.”
“You didn’t bring it here?”
“Well, yes.” He fussed with the cups. “He took me over to Sam’s apartment after something of a showdown in Sam’s room.”
“Oh, okay.” Dean looked away, staring studiously at the floor, as Castiel held out his hand.
“Don’t let her hear you say that.” Ellen was eyeing the other side of the room anxiously, but Jo was chatting to Missouri and Charlie happily enough.
“Haven’t actually been inside,” he admitted, after a moment. “He was living over on Goose Island before, you know, only moved in September. And he’s been really busy with work… and you, I guess.”
Even Ellen sounded shocked, and Castiel cast another worried look at Dean, who stood, flushed and strangely subdued, as his adopted family stared at him.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Yes, dear.”
“Shut up and pretend you like girls too?”
“I find
“Could drop down dead from the slightest shock,” added Bobby, as Jessica and the blonde girl helped Mrs Harvelle to a seat. “And she’s certainly had a few today.”
“I don’t think anyone cared. They love Sam, and you know he can do no wrong in Mom’s eyes.”
Charlie shook her head. “Not for me, I’ve got to drive home, and I’m so tired I’ll probably drive off the road as it is.“
“Anna’s were brown, maybe hazel if you’re being picky.” Dean retrieved the dessert plates from the sideboard, and handed them around the table. “And you do realise, it’s been quite some time since I last brought a woman home?” Although he’d told Castiel about his past girlfriends, back at the blood centre, he didn’t want him to think he was some kind of tramp. “I cannot believe this meal has devolved in my entire family trawling out every person I’ve ever fucked.”
Dropping onto the window sill, he sat, idly tracing patterns in the condensation, waiting for an opportunity to get Jo on her own—and ask her what the fuck she was playing at. But she seemed to be avoiding him, chatting to everyone as she served the drinks, taking her time with Missouri, with Garth, saying something to Cas which made him flush up, his gaze flitting over to Dean, before he turned away with a tight smile.
Dean this time. He got back late last night, and as Sam’s doing well, we decided to bring the festivities over here.”
“I know you read Vonnegut, you quoted him earlier.”
He stopped.
“That’s just the blood loss.”
The first flakes of snow began to fall around them.
“Suppose someone’s gotta tell you.” Dean shook his head. “But not here. Let’s head over to Sam’s place, make sure that nightmare of a cat gets fed. Though I imagine it usually dines on ghouls and the tortured souls of dead mailmen.”
But he was too late.
“Cas, no! We talked about this.”
Castiel nodded and returned the pressure, which was more forceful than he’d expected. “You’re one of Sam’s colleagues?” he guessed, going by the expensive suit and briefcase, though his accent was obviously British.
“But Bobby and Ellen have been very supportive about Sam and me,” Castiel said tentatively. “At least if they have a problem they’re not saying anything. It seems to me like you could be yourself with them, if you wanted.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
“It’s been a big day then, we should celebrate.”
Balthazar, momentarily paralysed, cleared his throat before replying, pseudo-casually. “… What was what?”
“Good morning.”
He led her over to the ratty armchair and with a nod of thanks, she dropped into its slightly lopsided embrace.
As Mrs Novak dives towards the stove, Cas reappears by his side, coatless. “Are you sure you’re all right, Dean? You’re looking a little faint.”
“I’m sure Dean always sets a good example,” he said, meeting Dean’s gaze with a challenge, and Dean flushed.
But Dean shoved past him before he could reach the bathroom door. “I don’t think so.
“The next train’s due any minute,” someone on the platform called out, their voice tight with panic.
Castiel closed his eyes. “No, it’s, er. Long story.”
“What shall I do? I need to tell the family, and with this Ruby person too, I don’t want to cause trouble between them.”
“You won’t mess up,” Dean said easily. “Now stick her in gear, and put your foot on the gear pedal, at the same time. That’s the only difference.”
“Are you okay, Mrs Winchester?” Jessica dropped the notes on the foot of the bed, and moved swiftly to her side.
Jo folded her arms and eyed Castiel unsmilingly. Castiel glanced quickly at Ellen, but even she seemed to be wavering, as she fumbled with her hanky.
Balthazar huffed. “The man you love is standing right in front of you, asking you to marr—”
Later, much later, they drove back through the empty city before Dean dropped Castiel off outside his apartment.
“A little bit more?” Was this guy actually claiming he had a thing going with Castiel? Castiel who, however oddly, was engaged to
“I know. It’s all been a bit much,”Castiel reassured him. “Coming ou… coming
“Oh Christ.”
Taking a deep breath, he swung back the door.
That had been an embarrassing conversation.
Castiel turned to Charlie, who only winked at him. “Come on, Castiel, what was it that attracted you to the lovely Sam Winchester?”
“Castiel, are you in there?”
“Are you next of kin?”
“What’s going on?” An older-looking man appears in the hallway. He pushes between his son and wife with more strength than Dean would have expected, and looking Dean up and down, he fixes Dean with a stern eye. “Stay there, young man. Tell us what you need, and we will phone for help, but you don’t take one step over that—”
Dean frowned, and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “It’s not like I sewed myself a frilly skirt. It’s tough, getting a needle through leather.”
,” Castiel said, smiling softly at him. “I wasn’t criticising, I think it’s wonderful how your family has just opened its arms to me, a complete stranger. I’ve…I’ve never felt so wanted and included in my life.”
“Sharp spring,” he explained, dropping into the armchair. “Sorry, I think I’m nervous.”
bad news.”
straight for the nearest restroom.
Castiel shook his head, casting around for a way out. It looked like he’d put his foot in it again.
“What was that?”
“Look,” said the lawyer calmly, holding his bag out as Castiel stepped forward. “I’ll give you my wallet, but not the watch. It was my grandfather’s.”
“It’s—it’s okay,” Dean said at last, his tone strangely flat. Then he grimaced. “I mean, it’s clearly
“Oh God,” he whispered, feeling sick as Dean rested his head against the dashboard, his fists clenched tight as some emotion, anger most likely, rippled through him.
were.”
Castiel gripped her hand tighter. “Oh Charlie. I’m so sorry. Dean and the others must be devastated.”
“I’m anaemic Dean, not an invalid.”
It was midday when they pulled up in front of Bobby and Ellen’s house, familiar to Castiel from the night of the Christmas meal.
“Nah.” Jo shook her head and refused to give ground. “Mom, he’s hiding something, look at him. He’s doing that shifty thing with his eyes.”
“Seriously?” His cheeks flushed, Dean was eyeing him incredulously, before pulling across the traffic. “How d’ya just figure that out?”
“Dean!”
“Not weird,
“I think he already has.”
They stop as his mother’s voice floats in from the hall. Then—
“A match made in heaven, you two. I knew the moment I saw you together.”
Limping, Dean inspects Baby from the road. She’s well and truly stuck, wedged between the sides, one of the panels bashed beyond repair. As for Dean, well he’s soaking and snow-specked, jeans torn from the broken glass of the window he dragged himself through. No bones broken, but the rusty blotches spreading on the wet denim? Yeah, probably a bad sign. He shivers, fingers tucked into his armpits, and stares up the empty road. The SUV hadn’t even stopped to check Baby was ok. Probably safer, the way Dean’s feeling right now.
Ellen had said
reverential. It might give Dean ideas.
Is this the…” She attempts some form of eyebrow semaphore but it looks more like she’s having some sort of seizure.
Though obviously Castiel wasn’t going to run the risk with anyone else’s vehicle, even ones that Dean didn’t approve of.
“Were you there too, Castiel? Oh my goodness, what a stream of bad luck you’re having, hurting your knee saving Sam, and now this. Dean, we’ve got to look after him, for Sam’s sake.”
“Sit down.” He gestured to the battered sofa, and dropped down on the far end, leaving the cushion by the door for Dean. He waited until Dean was seated, and then took a deep breath.
manual. You gotta practice, ready for the Lincoln.”
“She’s gonna cost you a fortune in gas,” Dean said, confirming his suspicions. “But she aint valuable. Worth less than that modern Toyota we were looking at earlier. We got her for nothing, ‘cos some idiot ran outta petrol and dumped her on the side of the road. We got the tow call from the Highway Patrol, and no one ever claimed her. I worked on her in my own free time, under Bobby’s supervision, and most the parts came from scrap. She can be my engagement present to you; Bobby and Ellen’ll have to get you a blender or something.” He trailed off. “So, er, don’t worry about all that, if you like her…”
And that’s just great. This is
“I think he got the looks too,” she said with a smile, before hurrying off to fetch the doctor, leaving him to pull up a chair next to Sam’s bed.
Castiel sat still, silent and uncomfortable.
“Hardly.” Flushing, Castiel pushed open the door, and got to his feet. “I just picked up some business vocabulary when my brother was studying his accountancy exams.”
“We do: An arrangement whereby I sweep the hallway and stairs, and you knock 5% off my rent.”
cook then.”
“What happened?” Ellen was staring at Dean like she’d never seen him before.
“Here she is, the little panty thief.” He scooped her up, rather hoping she would go for the panties and give some truth to his statement, but instead she snuggled up against his chest, unconcerned by the embarrassment she had caused.
Cas holds out his glass. “The practical part is finished, now for the analysis.”
“He likes to be clean-shaved,” Castiel concurred. He’d never seen Sam with a beard, or even light stubble.
?” Castiel glanced over, his hand paused over the change he was counting, turning, for a moment, from the customer screen. It was Christmas Eve, and he only had an hour to go on his shift.
“I’ve never used one of these in my life.” Castiel wrapped tentative fingers round the gearstick.
Castiel nodded, watching as Bobby bent to inspect the damage at the front of the Impala, muttering in low tones to Dean, whilst pointing to various parts of the grille. He really hoped the damage was as light as Dean said, but somehow he suspected Dean was, for whatever reason, downplaying it.
Castiel nodded. “I’ve not been feeling too well.”
“Oh for Christ’s sake.” Bobby took off his cap. “
“Oh hush, Rufus, he needs warming up.”
It was strange to see Dean switch to what was clearly his professional persona.
“About me being a man… or selling tickets?”
“What?” Dean stopped, the flood of information arrested on his tongue. “Well yeah. Always has been.”
Parked out of the way, partially raised on a jack, was the car of his dreams.
in hospital?”
like it?”
“Oh no!”
He smiled down into his eggnog. “It was his kindness,” he said at last. “Most people are rude to people like me, but Sam was polite, and he’s so tall, but he’d use that to help people, like protecting little old ladies, using his body to shield them so they didn’t get knocked down on the stairs. And he always gives up his seat on the train.”
“That space for Sam?” Dean nodded at the empty seat on Bobby’s other side. “Cause last thing I heard, he’s still gettin’ his food through a tube.”
“Now look, Dean…. Missouri don’t make mistakes.”
the expert on this. Anyway, as I told that leather-coated sex bomb who came looking for you yesterday, I am
Realistically though, they wouldn’t care when he told them. He’d lied, and that was that.
“Brown,” Dean barked, scraping crumbs onto the floor.
The water bowl was scummy round the sides, and nearly empty, so he washed and replaced that next, before heading out in search of the litter tray. Thankfully he easily spotted it on the balcony, and had soon dealt with that situation.
Problem was, Dean knew he was panicking, and being stuck in Baby with Ca was not helping. It certainly wasn’t all about Sam, and it wasn’t even about the panties. Though the image of a scarlet Cas, waving them at him wasn’t one he’d forget in a hurry. It was the guy himself. Maybe it was some kinda kinship born in the horrors of the blood donation department—though if he were being entirely truthful, he was far more affected by that than Cas—but he’d shared things last night that he hadn’t told
don’t want them! Why don’t you drop them off at her place, on your way out.” He raised an eyebrow as Balthazar turned and bolted into the hallway, abandoning the panties. “If you're very lucky, she might even reward you.”
Castiel froze as that voice, the same deep slightly broken voice, came from somewhere behind him.
“I’m not surprised.” Castiel shook his head, reassessing everything he’d thought about Sam. “And you really think Sam—”
“Leaving you to look after your sick dad,” Dean repeated, his brows drawn into a frown. “Don’t seem fair to me.”
“Okay then, if you’re sure.” Lips quirking another one of those gentle Cas smiles, Cas carefully takes the stack of pies, and with a last kiss to Dean’s cheek, trudges up the driveway through the snow.
stop encouraging her, I’ve got enough problems with Balthazar stalking me from the apartment below.” Balthazar, his landlord, was nice enough despite his stalkerish tendencies, but no more his type than Hannah was. “She was just asking me to cover all the Christmas shifts.”
“Sam’s had to keep his family under wraps, to get where he is.”
“That…” Dean cleared his throat and shifted away. Gypsum miaowed a protest and jumped from his lap. “That your knee playin’ up again?”
“Looks like you were right,” Dean said, nudging Castiel and pointing to a point further down his form. “Says you can donate now if you’re a—” he lowered his voice—“‘
“Yeah, well.” Dean shrugged and turned his gaze back to Gypsum. “Not from me, really. It was Ellen and Bobby, I might’ve mentioned your dodgy knee. And they thought they’d give you a car, you see.”
“Don’t let it boil, Cas, just keep stirring.” Mrs Novak rolls her eyes. “Honestly, I’ve tried, I have, but for someone so intelligent, he’s sadly lacking in common sense, or kitchen skills.”
time—let me know.”
It occurred to me, after writing this, that not everyone might think Missouri's condition an appropriate source of mild humour, so I am sorry if that is upsetting to any reader. It is something we are dealing with in my own close family at this moment, which is probably why it was at the forefront of my mind, and I hope I have presented her condition with sensitivity.
“Dean,” Castiel said firmly. “If Sam has a possible drug habit, then you have to tell someone. He might need help. And you’ll need to tell his doctors too—they might have to reconsider what pain meds they give him when he wakes up.”
Wondering, Castiel stepped forward. Inside the cupboard, alongside some very expensive aftershave and hair products, were a box of tampons, and a double pregnancy test, opened.
he mouthed around the pie, glad of the distraction from his whole coming out disaster.
He knew Charlie wasn’t working that evening, and Jo had mentioned the previous night that the rest of the family would spend the day with Dean, who hadn’t yet opened his presents, or eaten the second Turkey.
“And you’ve been very brave.” Castiel caught Dean by the arm, as he shook his head in denial. “No, don’t downplay it, Dean. You’ve come out, if only to me and Nurse Hanscum, though I don’t think she realised what you were doing. I assume your family don’t know?”
“Yeah… I can see that.”
“Dean, that is information even I don’t want to know! I’m near enough that boy’s mother.”
At least for this.
.” His tone was meaningful, and Dean gazed up at him, his green eyes wide.
“You must try these stollen bites,” Ellen shoved a plate of little squared cakes at him.
The doorbell rings.
“Clear the plates please, Dean. Missouri’s coming, but her carer called to say they were running late and we should start without her, she won’t want to miss the chicken though.” Ellen set down a dish of roast potatoes next to the bread basket.
And what, he and Cas just hooked up after?
Taking his time, Castiel finally smoothing an admiring hand over the paintwork, studying the anachronistic wing mirrors with interest, if not understanding, before glancing at Dean for permission.
“Garth’s here?” Dean asked, sounded somewhere between pleased and exasperated.
He wanted to know
“It’s all right,” Castiel reassured him, though he was still a little hot under the collar. “I’ve got a friend like that, Gabriel. Flirts with anything that moves. I know it doesn’t mean anything.”
“Reverse?”
“Seven o’clock sharp,” she called, as he struggled back into his coat and stumbled towards the door, his head bowed.
“I cannot help you,” Castiel finally snapped, and pale eyes blinked in surprise. “Goodnight, Balthazar.”
“Huh?” Charlie’s red hair appeared around the side of the armchair. “Did you two make up last night? The last I heard, you were at each other’s throats.”
“Cas.” Dean shook his head. “I can’t do that.”
This was probably another terrible idea.
“Sorry,” Castiel said, gesturing down at his boxers. “I was just about to get dressed. As you can see.”
“A mechanic!” His mother is saying. “That’s a good, useful skill. And studying too, I don't know how you find the time. But you're not an undergraduate, surely?”
“Done what?” She tilted her head, her usually smiling face was sombre. “Look, can I come in, it’s freezing out here.”
“I don’t wear panties!”
The doors slammed shut and the ambulance set off with a wail of sirens.
Eventually Sam’s own doctor arrived to run some more tests, and with a word of dismay at the noise they were making, he shepherded them all out into the corridor and shut the door firmly behind them.
He sprang away.
“I’m terrified of planes,” Castiel explained, for at least the fourth time. “Flying is very graceful, when performed by birds and creatures built to fly. Like, bats and dragonflies, and, and flying squirrels. People aren’t designed to fly. If we were we’d have wings.”
“Oh, you mean…” Dean flushed, and bit his lip. “You mean, you an’ Sam? Yeah. Well, I guess you’re getting married. Shouldn’t have been a surprise. Just… didn’t expect you to be thinking about that already I guess.”
That girl was enjoying herself far too much.
“A friend. He?” His mother clasps her hands together. “Cas, you’ve been holding out on us.”
“You shouldn’t have done it at all. I don’t know why you couldn’t just interview some of the…” she falters, glances at Dean, whose gaze is firmly on Caleb, stretched out by the couch, panting.
Dean shrugged, his strong fingers flexing around the steering wheel, his forearms thick and strong under his plaid shirt. Suddenly flustered, Castiel fixed his eyes on his phone screen.
“Yeah.” Dean stared down at his boots. “I forgot to eat too, back when it was just Sam an’ me.”
Castiel could feel himself turning even redder. Of course, he didn’t know
“You’re Charlie, honey. I remember you.”
“It’s fine, Dean,” he said, hastening to reassure him, and turned back to Donna. “And it’s um, we’re not—”
Earlier that day…
Jo tried to peer between them. “Because we all heard the Impala arrive five minutes ago, and when we looked outside, you had Castiel bent over that hood like you were—” she broke off as Ellen appeared beside her, an eyebrow raised.
On standing up, Dean had crashed to the floor and been forced to eat three more cookies before Donna would let them go.
“It could be worse,” were Dean’s first words from the front of the Impala, his tone still stilted. He was squinting down at the hood, where Castiel could see it was crumpled, although not as much as he’d feared. “It’s a tough car. I’ll have to check the chassis properly before I drive any distance. There’s no crumple zones on these old cars, so the force has got to go somewhere.”
“What have you got there?”
“Well. I’ll admit it’s been a while since my last period,” Castiel joked, weakly. Then, when Dean didn’t respond, he held out his arms, his dad’s old coat threadbare at the elbows, creased and a little tattered at the cuffs. “Look at me, Dean, look at my clothes. Do I
She turned to Castiel. “You’ve had your eggnog, now it’s time for Turkey.” She turned to the rest of the room. "We can't wait for Dean, or the turkey will be shrivelled dry. Come along everyone. It's Christmas."
Morosely, he nodded. “Again.”
Charlie shook her head.
“It—It wasn’t Dean’s fault.”
Cas, hovering behind his mother, meets his eye. He looks kinda horrified, and impressed, at the same time.
Dean shook his head as he pressed the buzzer—risking almost certain electrocution—and waited, unable to help comparing this down-at-heel block with Sam’s sleek tower, wide ranging views over the Chicago River and all.
Charlie huffed a little laugh.
But there was no-one else. Everyone on the platform was gawping at him, waiting for him to
It was wrong. He couldn’t do it. He stood in front of the house, and pressed his eyes closed. No, he had to leave. However hurt they’d be if he didn’t turn up, it wouldn’t be half so bad as their hurt if he continued ingratiating himself into this family, only for Sam to wake up and tell them it was all a stupid lie. He had to do the sensible thing.
“But… but surely she doesn’t still think that now? That was years ago, Ellen.”
“Yes we have.” Missouri clasped Castiel’s hand in both of hers, and beamed at him.
“Will he be okay?” Castiel didn’t like the look of the man lying opposite. He was ashen, the dark circles standing out starkly on his skin. Although the bleeding temple was now covered with a pristine dressing there was blood matted in his hair.
“Dean?” Her eyes twinkling, she gave him a sudden smile. “Don’t you worry about Dean, I’ll deal with him.”
As Gabe promised to tell Hannah, and play up Castiel’s ‘heroism’ in order to avoid any undesirable consequences, Castiel found himself ushered into the waiting ambulance and pushed into a fold-down seat opposite the trolley.
“My new panties,” she croaked, beckoning him towards her. “I only bought them last week. Cost me a fortune, they did.”
“Yes,” Castiel said meaningfully. “If by lucky star you mean
“I’m disappointed, Cassie. I thought we had a date.”
“Least
Castiel stepped forward too, all confessions momentarily forgotten. The poor woman had turned a frightening ash grey colour.
?” Ellen’s voice was laced with concern.
“Shit!”
The elevator bell dinged as they reached the first floor.
After a frozen moment, Dean seemed to jerk awake. Turning his back, he carefully locked the final door, before facing Castiel once more, his cheeks still painfully red.
know, and then we’ll be in big—”
“You need anything from here? There’s only one toothbrush…”
“I prefer when they have teeth, too,” Dean put in, trying to derail the conversation.
A flustered woman in her early seventies opens the door. Dean steps back, trying to look as unthreatening as possible. He knows he’s tall and strongly-built, and this rosy-cheeked little woman is built on a bird-like scale.
Dean only came out to his own family yesterday. Or was it the day before? It all happened so quickly, after that disaster in the library, that he doesn’t yet have his bearings.
“Joanna Beth!” Ellen turned on her open-mouthed. “You
“That sounds like a come on,” Dean said, and immediately winced. “Sorry.” He held his hands up. “I’m nervous, that’s all, I didn’t mean to say that.”
“It’s ironic.”
Bobby grunted at the head of the table. “Indiana Jones era.” He caught Dean’s betrayed gaze, and shrugged. “Sorry kid, everyone knew.”
He froze, the cracker suspended from his fingers.
cats,”came Dean’s gruff voice.
“At work,” Castiel replied, stepping towards her. “I work for the Chicago Transit Authority, at Randolph/Wasbah, the station near his legal firm. But,” he added. Oh God, this was unbelievably embarrassing, but he had to tell them the truth. “I think you should know—”
“Yes, but she still had to
Pimp hadn’t exactly been the look he was going for, if he’d been going for any kind of aesthetic at all. He turned his gaze back to the Lincoln.
told him,” said Dean, siding with Donna. “So, what can he do? Lots of steak?”
“So what kinda cat
"So, um, Jess mentioned you’d both been in to see Sam this morning? I'm sorry I missed you, but it's been non-stop all night.”
“You’d better come in,” Cas says, faintly.
“Until this,” said Castiel, soberly, though he was warmed by Garth’s effusive welcome.
Ellen’s arm wrapped around him, on the other side, and she squeezed his waist.
“Oh Dean!” Ellen gasped as she caught sight of the hood. “Are you okay?”
Ellen eyed them both with suspicion. “Would someone care to explain why we’re all standing outside in the middle of December?”
“I suppose I’d better give you this then, his ‘effects’ aka anything in his pockets on the day.” Crowley nodded at the box as they made for the front doors of the hospital. “I was going to drop it off at his place, keep it safe, but I guess you’ll be going back there now. It's got his house key, and his shopping bags, and whatever the hell else he was carrying around.”
Because Benny had been ‘the one’. The ‘one’ every not entirely straight guy had. The one that turned them.
Ellen’s face softened. “Of course, you must be so worried. He’s stable, the doctor says. Here, come and take my place.”
Suddenly, the door creaked open, and a sandy-coloured head popped out, belonging to a slim man in a v-neck shirt that practically exposed his nipples, who
“In here,” was the reply, and he followed the direction of Dean’s voice through the living room, and into the bathroom, a sleek chrome and grey stone affair, with an inset tub. Dean was standing in front of the bathroom mirror, frowning darkly.
“You attended the same school?” Castiel hazarded, feeling his way through the conversation. “Stanford’s a long way from Chicago—and London.”
Castiel: Charlie, I can’t do this any more. I’m telling them the truth.
“Gay, yes I know, you keep saying. What I say though is, why restrict your choices? I’m straight but I’d like to get my tongue round Hot Lawyer Guy’s swizzle stick, even if he is a bit slick.”
“She is.” Bobby gave a tight shrug, and leaned against the door frame. “You tell him, Ellen.”
He wondered if she was roadworthy.
? Why there’s lipstick in the nightstand? Don’t tell me it’s Sam’s. However girly he is about his hair, he don’t wear
“You are hopeless, Castiel, absolutely hopeless.”
She petted Gypsum for a few minutes, her brow furrowed, whilst he looked hopefully, but unsuccessfully, in the cupboards for some biscuits.
“I thought it had charm,” said Pamela.
All was quiet and he crept forward, lifted his old trench coat from the coat stand, and bent to pick up his shoes.
This was too, too bad. At the rate this was going, he’d be publishing the bans next week. Hopefully it was a… a vase or something, even a sofa. Something they could keep at Sam’s apartment so there was never any suspicion that he was taking advantage.
a tax accountant.”
Castiel nodded. “It’s fine, Sam. Your brother and I are getting on fine. More than fine. He’s been helping me–”
Castiel stared at him. Perhaps the brothers weren’t as close as he’d assumed. Four months seemed an awfully long time not to visit your own brother when you lived in the same city.
“Yeah.” Dean grinned and rubbed his hands together. “It’s pretty cold out here. The window in the stairwell’s broken. I can board it up for you if you’ve got any plywood; it’ll keep the cold out until you can get the glaziers out.”
“Cool. Righty ho. I see you’ve ticked the gay or bisexual box, Castiel, so just gotta check—no sex for the last 3 months? You absolutely sure?” She glanced between them, her gaze quizzical but unthreatening.
Castiel gazed at him, speechless.
doin’?” Balthazar had recently gone through a ‘Friends’ phage, thanks to all the reruns. It was better, though only marginally, then his Titantic phase, and at least he’d finally stopped leaning over the stair rail and screeching ‘Jack! I’ll never let go!’ whenever Castiel walked down the stairs.
Castiel’s blue eyes widened. “Oh, that’s ah… I can’t wait to meet her.”
“About the insider trading.” Cas’s smile widens. “And there I was worrying you’d find out about the sex work.”
“Don’t worry, we will. This is just a finger prick test, to check you’re not anaemic.”
And then she was tugging him along the path to the house, and before he could protest, the front door was open, light spilling down the steps.
“You do stay here, though,” Dean asked, his gaze returning to the open cupboard.
“You—still want me to come to Ellen’s?”
“I’m fine, hones—”
The heating had broken in the ticket-booth, and he and Anna had half-frozen. Luckily he’d had the extra hat and scarf and insisted she borrowed them. Dean Winchester was back, unfairly gorgeous and dangerously suspicious, and, worse of all, it looked like Balthazar was single again.
“Why?” Castiel asked, anxious to get his bearings whilst Dean was distracted. It wouldn’t do to appear totally lost when they got to Sam’s place.
Ellen was pale, and Bobby reached over to take her hand in his.
Dean was sitting with his head in his hands.
Later, much later, he awoke to voices, opening his eyes to see the first tendrils of morning sunshine spanning the deserted living room.
Or perhaps just ‘une petite mort’.
? Can cats even consent? I mean, they’re sentient creatures, so I suppose—”
Ten minutes later, they were set up in another cubicle, Castiel seated on a hard plastic chair beside the bed, as Donna numbed Dean’s arm with some brightly coloured cream that was apparently reserved for kids.
“Can I come in?” Charlie glanced over his shoulder. “Sorry, I thought… I wondered if you had company.”
But there was no response. The lawyer was unconscious, probably concussed, his jaw slack and eyes closed. He probably shouldn’t even be moved.
Castiel stared at Dean, every limb frozen with horror.
“I’ll explain everything to them, when Sam’s awake. I’ll tell them I rail-loaded you into it, they’re used to me and my ways.”
The house was already crammed full, with Pamela, Rufus and Charlie all taking over the guest-rooms, and with many apologies on both sides, a slightly tipsy Castiel was installed on the big couch in the living room, finally falling asleep to the sound of cracking logs in the open fireplace.
That wasn’t the point though. This was Dean’s
But Dean shook his head. “That’d be good, thanks. Sorry,” he released a nervous huff. “I know it’s stupid. I don’t have a problem with other people’s blood, I even used to stitch up my brother when we were little, when… Yeah, well, it’s
“Yeah.” Dean stared down at the dirty concrete, the key gripped in his hand. “I hadn’t thought of that. Damn. Why did he have to be such an idiot?”
Castiel stood upright, but the blood rushed to his head, making him suddenly dizzy. He slumped back against the cold porcelain of the sink, perspiration drenching his brow.
“I drove it into the wall of the hospital parking lot,” said Castiel, who felt it was time to take full and total responsibility.
Dean’s trousers drop to the floor. “You’ll just have to hope he meets someone who
Castiel blinked. “What car?”
And he’s not sure his legs will cooperate.
Dean jumped in. “Hazel. He’s got hazel eyes. Sometimes a bit green, but golden brown in some lights.”
get it.”
“I’ll say.” Dean pressed his eyes shut, and shook his head, as if to dispel a terrible dream. “I don’t believe this! My
She raises an eyebrow. “When did
He realised he was staring at Dean’s broad shoulders, and shook himself. Ogling your fiancé’s brother, even your fake fiancé’s brother, was probably not on. He was starting to wonder about Dean though. There’d been a notable lack of pronouns when Dean had spoken about his love life, and earlier, back at Sam’s, Dean’s comment about the Feminax had struck him too. Even Castiel knew what that stuff was, but Dean had apparently got his information from Charlie, not a girlfriend of his own.
Castiel stared up at him. “You’re really coming?”
Dean nudged him. “Don’t look so tragic. It’s all fixable.” He scrubbed his hand through his hair. “I mean, next time I teach you to drive we’re borrowing Charlie’s Gremlin. But other than that…”
Apparently no one was listening to him, except, perhaps, Dean.
“Er, no? Is it very different?”
“You don’t know for sure,” Castiel urged. “Sam seems so confident and… and together, surely he wouldn’t risk it all for drugs?”
Dean flushed. “Well it’s not an authentic restoration, we couldn’t get hold of the original wing mirrors or bonnet, so they’re from a 1970 model, so, you know, wrong generation. And I had to salvage the interior leather from a Chevy I found in the junkyard. She’s far from mint condition and not worth anywhere
Then another knock, solid and heavy.
He bent over to swap the dishes, noting that the previous night’s had been licked clean.
Castiel’s jaw dropped as Balthazar drew the fabric to his nose... and sniffed. “You couldn’t resist—"
“We, er we haven’t introduced them yet.” He led Dean further into the sitting room, thanking every deity there was that at least he’d managed to get Balthazar out of the apartment. His landlord watching porn in his cupboard would have been even harder to explain than the panties. He waved Dean to the sofa. “Avoid that end of the couch, unless you want a surprise circumcision.”
” Dean stared back at him, his green eyes wide with horror. “What the fuck, man?”
“Good point,” he says, pulling Cas forward for one last kiss. “Let me help you out with those pies.”
Castiel stared. Surely Dean didn’t mean that
“Who shall I say called?”
,” said Ellen, exasperated.
“She, huh? Okay… “ Dean gazed into the middle distance, his lips pursed, before he set his shoulders and turned back to Castiel. “You know how to treat a lady?”
Castiel grinned, just managing to refrain from a whoop of victory as Bobby shuffled round to the other side of the bed.
“Come in!” Dean bellowed, his mouth full of nuts, as he squeezed round the table to serve the wine. Ellen liked to do things properly now.
“Depends on his shift.” Balthazar glanced down at his phone, apparently losing interest in the conversation now Dean had shown no interest in his dubious charms. “Sometimes he’s home for dinner, sometimes he isn’t.” He shrugged.
“Yes, you still haven’t told us how he’s doing, Dean.” Ellen handed Bobby the carving knife and pushed a trivet towards his side of the table.
Jess shrugged again. “You’re a pretty boy, I’m sure you can charm him into it.” She turned her attention back to Sam and peeled back the corner of the sheet. “And now you’d better go, because I’m pretty sure neither you nor Sam want you to see what happens next.”
He grinned, but somehow, it wasn’t as much fun taking the piss out of someone who couldn’t reply. Particularly someone who was lying unconscious, his head bandaged and swollen.
“Bobby!” Jo was practically dancing. “Look at this!” She draped herself across the bonnet of damaged Impala, a car show model in ripped jeans and pink slippers.
Castiel frowned as they paused to let a gurney go past.
it’s on this side.” He waggled his right arm. “But when we’re the other way round…” He cupped his hands the other way, curving unmistakably around an invisible hip and glanced up. “It’s on the other. I think. I don’t know, in the heat of the moment you know…” He shrugged.
Panic spiking in his veins, he shook his head, coming back to life—and then he was on the lawyer, rolling them sideways in a tight embrace, as the train thundered past, its horn bellowing.
“Nothing serious.” Castiel withdrew his hand. “Just a bit of a twinge. Probably old age.”
doesn’t want to think about that—is already inspecting the seeping cut on his outer thigh. With all the hair and smeared blood, she hasn’t spotted anything amiss.
“Right?”
Nurse Jessica bristled beside him. “If Mr Novak hadn’t jumped onto that train track—in front of an express train, I might add—your son would not be here now.”
Dean clapped his hands together. “Yeah shit. Guess I forgot to tell you that bit.” Brightening, he pushed at the door. “Let me in and I’ll tell you all about it, before I take you over to the yard.”
“Oh.” Castiel considered, his head tilted to one side. “That’s very kind, but my landlord doesn’t need any more reasons to shirk his responsibilities. It’s Balthazar’s responsibility, though I don’t like asking him for favours.”
drive that Impala. The last time I remember even Sam driving it was when Dean hurt his back reaching for a wrench at the garage.”
“Will you be needing me?” the carer asked, blushing as she met his eye. “Missouri told me she would be fine with your family, but I’d be very happy to stay.”
“I’m not… Dean you’re not seriously asking me to check that poor boy’s buttock? That’s practically assault!” Ellen stepped away from the bed, as though fearing someone might force her to pull back the covers.
There it is, right by the door, probably slid over, with the car listing like the Titanic’s final moments.
He waited until Bobby had shut the door, before walking towards the little window that looked out onto the backyard. For some reason, he didn’t want to sit down.
“He’s blushing!” His mother presses her cool hand to his cheeks, and he just manages to resist batting her away.
“I don’t know for sure,” Dean admitted, after a moment. “But he was acting pretty weird for a while. And I
Dean was looking at him, his brows drawn together in a deep frown.
He swallowed, and returned the phone, fumbling it as he handed it over.
Dean dropped his head to the table. Luckily Jo had already taken his gravy-covered plate and the pie had not yet been served.
“Not one for formal wear, huh? Think you’ve picked up the wrong coat, that one looks like it belongs to a tax accountant.”
Jo. Ever since Sam’s accident, she’d been needling him at every turn, poking and prying, and making Cas feel awkward, before practically outing Dean over lunch.
expensive.
“And if he doesn’t?”
Jo was sniggering into her hand. “I am so taking the piss when he wakes up. He must have been
“Merry Christmas, honey.” His mother opens the door, bathing Cas—and the pies—in warmth, light, and the wafting scent of his favourite Mac n’Cheese. Cas wonders, momentarily, whether Dean’s culinary expertise also extends Mac n’Cheese-wards.
of us.”
He held up his hands. “Look, I hope you know I would
Shifting uncomfortably, Dean glanced down at the text Jo had sent him.
“I know, it was a secret. Very romantic.”
He was wrinkling his nose, trying not to think about where Mrs Mancini got the money to support her lingerie habit, when Gypsum leaped into his arms and made a move for the panties.
“Unfortunately,” Castiel said. “I don’t. Anyway, knowing Mrs Mancini, they’re hideously expensive.” He ushered Balthazar towards the door, and shook his head as Balthazar draped the panties over his arm. “
Over her shoulder, Dean meets Cas’s guilty gaze.
“Ah, he’s not really my type, you know.” Dean glanced over at Castiel, who was staring with wide blue eyes, his cheeky flushed. “No offence, Cas.”
“Oh,” he said, and took another bite consideringly. Maybe it came with a supermarket voucher or something, which wouldn’t be unwelcome. He could buy a turkey crown, have a proper Christmas for once.
“Just wonderin’ how you're gonna explain how you’ve gone all Martha Stewart. You're obviously not usually the domestic type.”
Dean straightened. “Right well, that’ll do me, though God knows what you see in her. The working parts are good. The exterior’s almost there, but as I said I’m still waiting for some parts. It’s gonna be at least a month though, I don’t know if you can wait that long?”
cat he’d every laid eyes on.
“So, um, what do you think of Dean, now you’ve met him, I mean?” She was watching him curiously. “I guess you’ve heard a lot about him—Ellen and Bobby adore him, though Bobby would never show it—so I just wondered what you thought…”
“Not my young man,” Dean said, again, as Jo’s glance flickered over to him, her eyes raised.
Dean squinted at him, then shook his head. “Cas. Of course you’re still coming to Ellen’s. You’re family now.”
“I’m fine, Balthazar.” Castiel tried to block him from entering, as Gypsum ran through their legs and into the apartment. “What do want?”
Did that mean what he thought it did?
“Lot’s of people probably know that,” Dean scoffed. “Tell me what it looks like.”
, is what he
“Well…” Ellen lowered her voice. “Don’t ever tell her we told you this, but, that hero worship… well, it was more hero worship for Sam, hence the whole law school thing. For you, it’s more… I don’t want to say this, but—”
“But Sam’s not here.” Missouri blinked in confusion.
For a second, Dean’s eyes lit up, but then they dimmed. “Like that’s gonna happen.” He changed the subject. “You ever driven a manual gearbox before?”
“You didn’t know about Castiel either, huh?” Jo’s voice was a whisper.
“What does he do?”
“Mr Castiel Novak? I think he’s supposed to live in apartment 6?”
“I can’t afford steak!” Panicked, Castiel stared at them both, then realising what he’d finally admitted, he sank back in his chair. “I have a tight budget. Surely I can just take iron tablets?”
Dean took Missouri’s arm, and her carer, a young woman in her twenties, grasped her other arm as they helped her out of the Uber and along the slippery path. His heart contracted a little as he saw how unsteady she’d become since he last saw her, though his welcoming kiss had been met with recognition, and a delighted smile.
“He’s your son’s fiancé,” said Jessica, glancing up from the medical notes.
Sighing, he stopped on the third stair. “I’m sorry about Gypsum, Mrs Mancini, I did send you a message. What’s she taken this time?”
In the back of his mind, his stupidly romantic mind, he’d had a thought that,
didn’t know what I was doing,” Castiel confirmed, watching him cautiously. Was that all Dean was going to say? “I’m so sorry, Dean. I probably can’t understand how much Baby means to you, but I know she’s very important, and I’d give anything to change what happened.”
“Nah, I get it. Everyone has dreams.”
“He also volunteers at the shelter at the weekend, doing
Jessica pointed towards the door. “Come this way, please.” She cast an apologetic glance towards Castiel, still seated in the waiting room, and ushered the older couple before her. “Only family can visit.”
“Sorry,” he said, his face flushing. “I didn’t quite catch that.”
Ellen had claimed she was saving
“I don’t even know Sam, not really. He’s a customer, we pass the time of day occasionally, and he—well, he’s very handsome, though not my usual type, and he was nice to me, instead of rude like most of the customers.” He looked up at her beseechingly. “It was just a fantasy. You have no idea how boring it is sitting in that booth, day after day, when I want to be out on the open road but can barely even afford a trip downtown on the transit.”
“Even Bobby?” In a tone of disbelief.
The curtain swept open and Donna bustled into the room, her blonde ponytail bouncing.
What was he
“And what does a handsome fellow like you want with
Castiel returned to his seat and checked his phone. Dean, seated beside him again, seemed too embarrassed to talk.
OK, so not dying.
“You ready? I’ve got someone very special for you to meet.”
Dean shrugged. “Kinda hard to forget, but you’ve kept my secrets, and I’ll keep yours.”
“So,” said Charlie, dropping to a seat at the far end of the long, brightly lit hall, and pushing a cup of canteen coffee towards him. “I hear you’re going to be Sam’s husband… You’ve met Dean of course?”
Castiel knew he had to stop it, before it went any further, but he couldn’t make himself heard in the hubbub that broke out as three different people tried to give the doctor three different versions of the story, whilst Castiel tried vainly to get a word in.
Castiel Novak?”
Castiel touched his arm as they sat down together. “The doctor said he’s making good progress, Dean.” He met the nurse’s sympathetic gaze. “He’s responding to stimuli, they’re going to start reducing his sedation.”
“I haven’t been to Sam’s from this part of town before.” He raised an eyebrow. “You good to give me directions?”
Raising his eyebrows at the door, Dean followed.
“Beauty isn’t always skin deep.”
Gabe rolled his eyes.
“Everyone’s been telling me I just have to meet you,” Castiel said, trying a smile. “So I didn’t like to speculate, but I thought you’d be more, I don’t know, more like Sam.”
“Here you go, get all that down you and I’ll be back to check on you in ten minutes.” Donna placed the tray on the over-bed table. There were two plastic cups of juice, and two cookies each on a pile of paper towels. “Extra cookies, because you’ve been so brave.” She winked. “Don’t tell my boss, that guy has a heart of stone.”
Oh God. Was Sam gonna
“You’re Sam’s fiance. That makes you family now.”
House-call, that is.
“Oh God.” He rubbed his hands through his hair. “Well, he
Balthazar raised an eyebrow. “Throw in that yummy film with Bill Pullman, and it sounds like a deal.”
“Apparently
“They knew you were Sam’s fiance, though, on the phone. So they must have known you were a guy.” Dean shrugged. “Maybe the rules have changed? Actually, now I come to think of it, I think Charlie was going on about some legal appeal. And the woman on the phone said there’s a questionnaire and everything, so we’ll fill ‘em in when we get there, check it’s all okay.”
“Oh right, so phone sex is fine, but a little bit of fraud and you’re dumping me in the snow?”
Garth was eyeing the still-bubbling tart with a dentist’s instinctive horror. “Princess Leia had excellent teeth.”
of you.” He leered, a long slow look that covered Dean from head, to the tip of his work boots. “And I do like a man who works with his hands…”
“With a family like yours, Cassie, you can only count that as an advantage. Secondly.” Gabriel held up a second finger. “They’re only inviting you because they think you’re going to marry their son. Hate to break this to you, kid, but it’s not because they’re overwhelmed by the beauty of your character and the rose-petal freshness of your face.”
“Happy,” says Cas, boldly, unashamed, though his cheeks are still flushed. “I look happy, and sappy, and yes, okay, very well fucked. You know what ex-smokers are like? Evangelical non-smokers. Well my parents are evangelical ex-homophobes. They’re going to want to meet you, and thank you, and probably shake your hand for taking their son on, and you… you probably don’t need that, yet.”
“Ruby?”
“Leaving you and Sam alone?” Castiel’s jaw dropped. “How old were you?”
That wasn’t what he’d meant at all.
“Dean!” Ellen, reappeared in the doorway, sounded appalled, and he shot her an appeasing smile.
She gasped, her hand to her face.
Shark-like, Crowley grinned and waved. “You watch out for that Dean, and if anyone suggests a tattoo, you plead the 5
propositioning me?” Dean spluttered. “When’s he get home?”
His cheeks are burning. “It’s all very new,” he hedges. “He’s a student.”
“I’m a nurse. I’ve seen it all before. No need to be modest with me.”
“Ah, well. I don’t
Castiel, who had started humming along with Chris Rea, stopped abruptly.
“Sorry I’m late, my relief got stuck in a supply closet, if you’ll believe it. Luckily Jess heard him shouting, and went to let him out.”
Dean walked round to the passenger’s side, where Cas was still hovering, halfway out of the car. “I promised you driving lessons.”
“I, I got distracted,” he said, his face flushing. He knew he’d had no intention of buying lunch, instead he had hoped to eat his small homemade sub on a bench on the riverbank.
‘Isn’t that a bit weird?” Jo asked. “I mean, Sam’s lying there unconscious, and she must
“Rich kid, eh?”
He subsides onto a chair and rubs two wiry ears, as Caleb paws at his leg. He will just have to head his mother off at the pass now, avoid any incriminating admissions, and as soon as Christmas is over, take some time with Dean to work out exactly what they’re going to tell people.
“Hey, you feelin’ okay?” Dean was eyeing him suspiciously. “I thought I was supposed to be the one passing out at the sight of blood.”
Castiel tried to pull away his hand. “I’m sure they’re lovely people, they’ve certainly… they been so kind to me already.
their trust.”
The sugar hits his brain though, and what he actually says, is—
“I think we should open another bottle of champagne.”
“Doctor Bradbury. I didn’t realise you’d be here. I was just going to drop off this gift, and then I’d…”
Jessica, the nice nurse, found him wavering him by the elevators and ushered him towards Sam’s room, all the while giving him an update.
Respect for Dean was swelling in his chest. Many men, however decent, would have lost their cool in this situation.
The burgers had arrived, and ravenous, they tucked in. Castiel knew he was eating too quickly, and he would probably get indigestion, but he was too hungry to take it slowly.
Steadily, Castiel met his gaze, waited until Dean had registered his gaze, and then nodded. Dean’s breathing began to slow.
“I was teachin’ Castiel to drive, I confused him, and he accidentally bumped the wall of the parking lot,” Dean said, flatly. “It’s no big deal.”
“Well it’s not like a fancy lawyer would be interested in someone like me anyway, even if he was, you know, interested in someone like me.”
“Saved Sam’s life?”
Castiel nodded. He knew he was trouble, but he had yet to supply anyone with illegal drugs, so that was probably one point in his favour.
“But you think he’ll accept help from some guy he only met this morning?”
In every picture they had of the two of them, people could always tell them apart. Jimmy’s face would be open and smiling, his posture relaxed, whilst Castiel would be the dour one, his arms folded, always looking slightly away from the camera.
“And yet I’ve never heard Sam mention his name before. No,” said Dean. “Somethin’s not right. And if he’s really Sam’s finance, he won’t mind proving it.”
“Just tired, and run down. Nothing that would stop me from giving blood.”
“Castiel!” Ellen beamed up at him. “Come on in! We’re celebrating our third Christmas, with Sam
“There was nothing
Dean swallows. Benny, Garth. Everyone. Not that he has any other friends, that why, that’s
Oh God.
“You’re hurt?”
He should probably return them straight away, before they got ruined. He shook his head at the frustrated cat.
fiancée. The one with an extra e.”
Swallowing, Castiel nodded, as he sized Dean up from the corner of his eye. They were all alone, no one to help. He didn’t
“Your dad?” He seemed doomed to spend the dad repeating things like an idiot.
Ellen shook her head. She was obviously in better form than the first day they’d met. “Just you remember that without this young man, there wouldn’t
“You hear that, Cas?” Dean turned towards him, grinning. “He’s looking good.”
“Only that you’d all met Sam’s fiancee. That’s why I set off straight away, I didn’t want that Ruby chick gettin’ her claws into all of you too. The snow put paid to that idea though. I can’t believe it’s taken me three whole days to get home.”
“Dean, I really don’t think it’s my place—”
do you have on your feet, Joanna Beth?”
“Sweet” But Dean didn’t seem to be paying attention as he scanned the nearby vehicles. “There’s an imported Toyota over there, very reliable, and we’ve got a couple of Fords which might suit. You know what, why don’t you take a look around, I’m just gonna— gonna, you know. Check in the office. Probably got some, er, emails or something.”
Castiel stood, frozen, on the sidewalk. Why was Hannah suddenly buying him lunch? It wasn’t, oh God, was this a date? Gabe sometimes teased him about Hannah, as well as his own inability to figure out that someone was chatting him up, but he’d always assumed she’d
“He does have a lovely smile,” said Ellen.
“Not exactly.” Blue eyes, so blue, soften. “More because they’ll put that together with me being… well, me looking—"
“Seriously, Balthazar?” Castiel rubbed his eyes. Even his cupboards weren’t safe. “You actually—you were trying to, to–” His face flushing red, he finger quoted, “‘Rub one out’, in my closet?”
“Oooh.” Charlie bit her lip, considering. “I’d forgotten Dean might be back. Well that settles it.” She turned to the house and cupped her hands to her mouth before emitting an ear-splitting yodel, bringing an answering shout from within.
“We do, and I’m recommending
Castiel?” Dean poked his head around the bathroom door, and Castiel quickly stowed his phone in his pocket.
have been doin’ his best.” He shrugged again, his face suddenly flushing and turned towards the door.
Castiel slipped inside, bouncing on the cushioned seat pads, and Dean joined him a second later, lowering himself into the passenger seat.
“I should hope so, it cost him thousands.”
“Oh Jesus!”
“Drivin’ home for Christmas is
Dean would get violent, but he’d seen enough, experienced enough, at his grandparents, that he wasn’t going to risk it.
Castiel shook his head, moving to find space for the flowers on the crowded bedside table. Sam had lots of cards and flowers, balloons even. He was obviously well-liked, but where then, was this fiancée? Surely Charlie would let her know her fiancé was in a coma, even if she didn’t seem to like her very much?
“It was my twin brother’s,” he said, buttoning it, his chest suddenly tight. “The only thing I have. And… he
“And Castiel’s still alive,” Jo announced, smugly.
,” Dean repeated, tilting his head to inspect the plates, which were lurching at a drunken angle.
“A car! Dean!” Castiel was horrified. “I can’t accept that.”
“Much, much worse,” said Bobby, with a pained glance towards the fireplace.
“We met this morning,” Castiel said slowly, as he stepped closer.
“How… did you know where I live?”
“Sorry about the noise,” said the EMT, checking a small clip on the lawyer’s finger, and recording the reading in the notes on his clipboard.
Castiel blocked his path. “That doesn’t make it any better! Women would be treated with respect, not harassed when they’re just going about their business.” He sighed. “Look. I’d really really appreciate it if you’d stop telling people we’re dating. Because we really,
a Sam.”
Ellen nodded. “Basically she described you. And the school was concerned, you’re so much older, and—” she gestured at his battered jeans and shirt. “You’re not exactly like the guys the other girls go out with. The college was concerned for her welfare.”
When the doorbell rang, the next morning, Castiel was still in his boxers, ruminating on how he was going to break the news, and what Dean—no—what
been treated, or only looked out for yourself. No one would have blamed you if you didn’t know any better. But instead you saw a brighter future and turned both your lives around. You gave Sam the sort of safe, loving start that allowed him to be the confident man he is today.”
“You er, good to have a cheese burger? We’d better make this quick; the lady from the clinic said they close at ten.”
“What?” Castiel peered over. “Is that bad?”
Bobby’s pictures were adequate for a personal record, but not good enough for advertising.
“Guess you’d need to, all that blood and bodily fluids. Yuck.” He shook his head. “I like fixing stuff that’s broken, but at least metal don’t bleed out.”
“Crowley?” Dean’s eyes widened. “Crowley was here?”
Dean shook his head as they reached the Impala. “I wish I could, but Ruby had her claws well and truly into him. That’s why it was a relief—a shock, but also a relief—to find out about you, man.”
Castiel’s throat constricted, as it always did. “My father always dreamed of taking a road trip. We couldn’t afford a car, but he used to read old car magazines and plan a trip.” He smiled despite himself. “We used to get out the big road map and plan our route, imagining all the places we’d go. He’d even plan out the fuel stops.”
“I can imagine. I’m more of a knitter myself, though it usually ends with Gypsum chasing the balls of wool around my apartment.”
“I should probably go and sample it,” Castiel said, finally grasping that Dean did not want them to see the Impala. “Um, I’ll, er, see you inside?”
“A crush on
He was a puffed up little man, with a broad chest, and balding hairline.
“You’re a very inconsistent man, Dean Winchester. I thought you wanted me out.”
“So…” Dean’s voice was gruff in the silence. “We uh, we going to this family lunch, or what?”
As Dean floundered to a close, Donna seemed stuck between amusement and consternation.
“A student! Isn’t he a bit young?” is his mother’s contribution, as his dad pulls a frosted bottle of champagne from the refrigerator.
The man Balthazar had described as a ‘leather-coated sex bomb’ was leaning against his doorframe, grinning down at him through the narrow gap.
“She’s got that ‘broken heart syndrome’,” Dean replied, his eyes fixed on his phone. “A type of heart failure, except in her case it wasn’t so much a broken heart, as absolute terror.”
Everything had happened so fast, he hadn’t really had time to process it yet. Arriving home to this mysterious fiance. Learning Sam was battin’ for both sides. Meeting Cas. And what was Sam even doing with Cas? Sam liked women. Liked the small, light, feminine type that fitted under his arm. Not, of course, that many women could reach Sam’s height. And Sam
Jesus! He rubbed his forehead. At least she was over eighteen, and he wasn’t going to have CPS on his case. But still, it was insane. Jo was his sister, his
“I meant scientifically,” Cas hedges, as Dean stiffens and his cheeks flush dark red. He has to be careful. One ill-thought word, aimed only at reassuring his parents, could crush Dean’s already fragile self-esteem. “I promise you I had no intention of meeting any of the clients in person. Although,” he continues, “Some of them were quite nice honestly, there was this elderly—”
Dean shakes his head. He still hasn’t removed his trousers. “I don’t wanna intrude. I can get an Uber or somethin’, it’s—”
was lucky to have him. Without a kid to look after, I might have gone off the rails myself. Kids keep you stable though,” Dean pressed on, leaning forward. “You gotta do the best you can for them, even if it’s not much.”
“It was quite a sudden development,” Castiel replied, keeping as close to the truth as he could.
“You’re terrified of flying, Cassie. What are you going to do, swim the Atlantic?”
Castiel dropped back into his chair.
“You’re
“Sam has a tattoo,” he said quickly, his eyes never leaving Dean’s.
“That’s what I was about to tell you. He’s doing
Dean stiffened as he lowered the hood. “Sam didn’t tell you that?”
“O-kay…” Donna turned to her form, her brow wrinkled. “So, just the same questions here, Dean. You’ve put down that you’re either gay or bisexual, and—”
Castiel cursed. That didn’t sound weird at all.
“Yeah. Everything’s always so
“I haven’t moved in yet.”
“The ‘Pimpmobile’?” Castiel turned, his eyebrows raised.
Maybe Sam had just realised that someone needed to look after Cas. The guy was pretty shit at looking after himself. Any idiot could see he was still struggling with his knee, however much he tried to hide it. And God knows what Sam was thinking leaving him in that freezing apartment with that sleazy landlord sliming all over the place.
“That’s cause everyone’s been making a ridiculous fuss over my car.” Dean grumbled, as he checked they had everything they needed on the table. “He’s doing well, they’re talking about waking him up round about new year. Right, better go and rescue the chicken, huh? It’ll be dried out if we leave it much longer.”
“It’s all the shop had left,” Castiel explained, pulling off his hat and scarf. It was true, if a little disingenuous, but given the scale of the wider deception he was pulling off, perhaps that was by the by. “How is he today? I couldn’t get away from my shift any earlier.”
“Here you go, sweetheart, it’s tuna tonight.”
Blindly he nodded, before, half tripping over a short dark man in a grey overcoat, he headed
“Come and sit down.” Bobby pulled out the spare chair next to him. “Get her a drink, Jo, don’t just stand there grinning.”
He flails in the direction of the house, and for the first time, Dean looks at it properly. It’s got a long drive and the mail box with that damned flag, on the perimeter of the property. And it’s too dark to see the house properly, but from the number of windows, it’s big. Bigger than anything Dean’ ever known.
Gypsum dropped down from Castiel’s lap, and leaped lightly into Dean’s knee. “Oh hello.” He petted her for a minute, seeming glad of the distraction. “So, I’ve got your engagement present.”
“We wouldn’t know.” Ellen picked up her eggnog. “Because you’ve never said anything, until today. But yes… we know you wouldn’t go for Jo, and that’s half the problem.”
“Come here, Cas.” Dean, his face pale, beckoned him over. “Jeez man, I really hate this. Don’t tell Sam, will ‘ya? He’ll never let me live it down.”
He was relieved he’d left the news until the end of the shift, or he’d have been tortured for hours. Though he couldn’t escape even then, as Gabriel had already offered him a lift home, to save his knee.
Cas shrugs.
He didn’t feel comfortable letting himself in to Sam’s flat, but on the other hand, it might look weird if he gave the box to Sam’s family. They’d wonder why he wasn’t going over to water the plants, and fetch clean pyjamas.
“Listen, man. I’m trying to tell you. Just let me get there.” Dean gazed straight ahead. “Well, after the fire, dad went off the rails, more than a bit. Left me lookin’ after Sam, as you know. He got drinking, and that kinda thing’s never pretty. He was convinced he could track down the arsonists, and he kept taking off, following some lead.”
“Is 8.5 dangerous?” Dean seemed to have overcome the squeamishness he was hiding so badly. “I thought you looked ill earlier, in the bathroom.”
Dean nodded, his green gaze suddenly soft.
Dean turned his gaze from the bulging blood bag, and gave him a strained smile.
“She seems optimistic about Sam’s recovery.”
Charlie shook her head. “She’s not… no, she’s at home, in bed. She’s okay—for now. But the tests showed that her heart function has deteriorated more than we’d expected. It might be reversible, just an effect of the shock of Sam’s accident, she’s always been like a mother to him. But it’s not a good sign, and there’s very little than can be done, except to keep her as healthy and stress-free as possible.”
The receptionist sighed and looked down at her screen.
there was something fishy about the whole situation. The only question now was, did Sam know his fiance was fucking some smarmy Brit, or were his first instincts correct, and this Castiel was a manipulative fucker, out for what he could get?
“The penis issue.”
Panicking, he shook his head. “I—I prefer blondes.”
“Missouri has visions,” Jo said, helpfully. “She was actually a well known fortune teller.”
a mechanic. Most cars we get are modern, and well, I had a girlfriend who had a kid once, so I know my way around a car seat.”
“Now just take it easy, Mr Novak, you’ve had a tough day and it was very brave of you to leap onto the tracks like that. Make sure you take the painkillers for your knee, and if you should find yourself getting any nightmares, startling with loud noises, etc, then please do speak to your doctor. There’s no shame in seeking help, you know!” Jessica ended brightly, returning him to the main waiting room of the ER.
was the moment to re-enter the fray.
The cat stared back, its blue eyes icily pale, following Castiel as he investigated the cupboards. Eventually, after a lot of shelves full of crystal tumblers and fine champagne glasses, he found a cupboard that contained a terracotta dish that looked vaguely cat-appropriate. A search of the drawers below elicited more fancy bottle openers than any man could reasonably need, and a fork.
Jimmy had got him to revise business 101, reading out the questions over the phone, all the definitions written out on coloured flash cards. It’d been excruciatingly boring, but it had taken his mind off the long winter evenings, waiting for his father to die.
“Dean, you were
shouldn’t be telling you this, but…”
Cas whips round to stare at Dean.
“It sounds like I should be escorting
“And neither have you,” Castiel said, gently. “So how about we both just keep an eye on each other?”
—I am so sorry about that, by the way, more sorry than you’ll ever know.” With an effort, he gathered his thoughts. “Now you’re giving blood, and you’ve had a lot of shocks today…even Fluffy must have been a surprise.”
Behind him, Dean snorted.
“I’m sorry,” he said, looking between them. “But I gotta say, I’m lost here. You say me not pursuing Jo is part of the problem? I mean, I know she used to hero worship me a bit, but that’s not, that’s—she doesn’t think like that any more, surely?”
Missouri was becoming increasingly agitated, and Dean knew they had to settle her quickly, though something, something dark and jealous deep in his gut was begging to know what else she’d seen. Missouri had been right more times than coincidence would allow. But that meant…that meant….
“The child lock?” Castiel raised an amused eyebrow.
“Oh, okay then.” The carer looked disappointed, but she said goodbye to Missouri sweetly enough before heading back to the Uber.
“It’s not fair to make you work for the last five Christmasses in a row.” Suddenly, Gabe frowned at the little grey screen which displayed a live feed from the platform below. “Shit. Something’s kicking off.”
“I’ll go and get the apparatus for his bed bath,” Jess announced. “You can just do the same movement with his legs, bending them up and straightening them out. It will help prevent them from getting stiff.” She turned to Sam once more, before bustling past. “Bye handsome, I’ll be back in a minute to get you washed up.”
in finger quotes.
He should have said no, but instead there he was, forcing himself into a closer and closer relationship. And he’d obviously sounded rather too enthusiastic, for Dean eyed him suspiciously.
He rubbed his eyes.
“Yes.
“All except… Benny.”
Somehow he thought Sam wouldn’t like that. His hair always looked so shiny, like something from a Timotei advertisement.
“I think this is burning…”
with Sam, would know?
He changed tack.
He hadn’t even had breakfast.
to say, as shame burns through him.
“Seriously?”
“Sounds like things are going the right way, then,” Donna said, pulling on blue gloves. “So, I gotta just go over these questions one final time before doing the bloods, so please don’t take it personally. Which of you’s Castiel Novak?”
Dean shoved his hands in his jean pockets. “Some idea of a ‘wildlife’ you’ve there. No, man, it’s ‘pimped up’ like, a, a pimp’s car, you know…? The kinda car a pimp would think it was cool to
Castiel put his hand over his face. Why on earth had Dean trusted him, of
“Straight gay crushes.” Castiel grimaced. “Those are the worst.”
Suddenly, there was a click and a whir from the other side of the room, and the room filled with late afternoon sunlight. He glanced down—and bit back a curse.
“Breakfast?” he guessed. “I think.”
“Cas, you want me to help you with those?”
Winchester-Harvelle-Singer family, thinks you’re engaged to their son?”
Dean had to agree with Bobby. It had certainly been a surprise, at least to him, when, after finishing High School, Jo had enrolled on a law course at the fancy, all girls, private college on the south side of Chicago. At the time he’d wondered what was driving it, but he’d been too worried about Sam mixing with Crowley to take much notice.
He swung the door open and was relieved to find Charlie stood on the doorstep, muffled in a thick coat and a startlingly bright red beret.
“You let someone else drive Baby?” Jo screeched, and Dean clapped his hands over his ears.
Glancing back, Cas’s mother—it must be Cas’s mother—says, “Do you two know each other?”
Flushing, Castiel raised his head, his eyes darting from Bobby, to Jo, to Dean. Bobby looked embarrassed, and Jo looked a little smug.
“Jesus Christ, Joanne Beth. Sure you’re not related to a Banshee?”
“I thought I was Sam’s favourite visitor,” Dean grumbled from the seat beside Sam, where he’d been hidden amidst the crowd of well-wishers.
What a day.
Castiel’s jaw dropped. “Charlie!”
Castiel barked out a laugh. Oh God. Dean had
“It’s not possible to fix carseats in the back of a coupe like this, you can see on the post there that there’s no space for a bracket, and with a bench seat, you’d have to destroy the seat.” He shrugged and pulled back. “Most o’ the folk in the market for this kinda thing have a family car as well, something to take the kids to soccer practice. They keep the classics for Sunday driving. It’s a waste if you ask me. But there you go.”
“Here you go, boys. Two cheeseburgers.”
“Are those
But Balthazar had installed himself on the window seat, and was peering through the condensation; eyeing someone up, by the looks of it. He glanced back over his shoulder. “A bad time?”
Dean stared, open-jawed.
“He doesn’t. He’s got allergies.”
Castiel slumped back against the wall, breathing heavily, his legs suddenly bloodless. He would have to talk to Charlie. This was getting ridiculous. They couldn’t keep this deception going, someone was going to get hurt. As Dean’s voice filtered in from the living room, he pulled out his phone and typed a rapid message.
allergies.”
“You attach the baby seat to them, and it’s safer than just a seatbelt. The, er, baby-seat safety ratings are based on a crash using isofix where available, so you’d definitely be looking for that feature. Easier than one of the bases you can get —those don’t work if you have under floor storage too.”
Castiel bit back a groan, even as he sped up again, crossing the circle that had cleared around the little drama.
Wrong-footed, as with Cas, he so often is, Dean frowns in turn.
She deposited her bag on the crowded dresser, dropped a kiss onto Dean’s head, and slipped into the seat to Bobby’s right.
of some kind or another.
“Oh my goodness.” Her hand pressed to her chest, Ellen staggered backwards, and her daughter sprang forwards with a shout.
Castiel squinted at him.
Charlie shook her head. “Not right now, we don’t. It’s Ellen.” She bit her lip. “She’s…She’s—well after her little collapse the other day, I insisted on bringing her in for more tests. And I
“Er, yeah. A previous restorer must have done that. Would have been worth more if he’d left it alone. No serious collector would take it.”
“I don’t care if you haven’t changed your underwear, I’ve lived with two men long enough. I’ve seen it all, believe me.” Mrs Novak’s gaze is steely. It’s probably the same glare Cas uses on the students who hand their assignments in late.
charming,” Castiel said, lightly. He slammed the door shut behind him and slipped out, beyond Dean’s reach. Not of course that he was stupid enough to think a silly absent-minded flirtation actually meant anything, and he
“He’s your type, honey.”
Strong fingers gripped Castiel’s elbow, as Dean asked, “You think he’s gonna wake up then?”
“Sam’s always been desperate to fit in,” Dean continued, coming to unlock the passenger side, and then going round to the driver’s door. “I probably shouldn’t be telling you…”
“Sir, um, Mr Winchester—you’ve left this question blank.”
Scratching his jaw, Dean hesitates. He doesn’t want to launch himself into Cas’s family, all unexpected like this.
Castiel raised his eyebrows. “Not your style?”
Together.” Her gaze softened, and as Dean approached, she released one hand from Castiel, and took Dean’s in her free hand. “I know you two will be very happy together.”
“Hey, what’s—”
“Why’s he need PT?” Dean asked, with a frown. “I thought it was just his head.”
The crowd cleared, Bobby even putting his car magazine down to ask questions, which Jess answered reassuringly as she bustled about Sam’s bed.
“Me?” Castiel paused. “I think he’s heard plenty from me. You should tell him about the Lincoln.”
Damn, he really was an dick, talking about blood and stuff, when the guy’s fiance was lying in that hospital. He had to remember that he wasn’t the only one who cared about Sam any more. Even Bobby and Ellen had always been secondary. He,
“Who are you then?” demanded the woman, Ellen, apparently. “He’s not religious, he don’t need a priest.”
“It’s all right, Cas, I mean.” Dean’s cheeks had flushed scarlet. “Everyone’s got their thing, right?”
And now it looked like Sam was growing away from him, with his high-flying career, and fancy , possibly-pregnant, girlfriend, wherever
“Lots of people don’t like blood,” Donna reassured him, her frown clearing, as she gave Castiel a sly smile. “And I can tell where your interest really lies, so don’t you worry about that.”
Together they stared up at the old building. The cream coloured paint was tired and peeling, but it was well-made, like everything on the forecourt.
confidential, and does not link up with any other medical records or health insurance. It’s purely a screening process.”
“This requires whisky?” Dean raised an eyebrow. “Do I need a lawyer present?”
There was a thump on the door behind him.
Castiel shook his head, but Dean towered over him, immoveable though his gaze was somewhere over Castiel's shoulder.
Dean returned just then, the keys jangling from his hand. “You look cold. Let’s get inside, out of the wind.” He walked to Castiel’s side first, unlocking the driver’s door and opening the door, before heading around the front to unlock the passenger side.
Garth coughed, then said, contemplatively. “Lisa was a brunette, and Cassie.”
Dean shrugged, his leather jacked bunching up around his broad shoulders. “Nah, I mean, he’s been busy, I know that, hot shot lawyer an’ all. I guess, and I can certainly see why he’d be spending more time with you…” He trailed off, looking horrified. He rubbed his jaw. “God, not that. I mean, Ruby, you know, she was a complete bitch. She was changing him, always going to fine restaurants, and designer clothes, and shit like that, you know. And okay, so Sam’s more a salad bar kinda guy, so burger joints were never his thing, but she just liked to spend money, and to be seen to spend money, and Sam never used to be that…” He paused, his forehead screwed up as he searched visibly for the right word.
“Oh we’re not…” Castiel began.
“I can’t imagine Sam Winchester as a bigamist, and much as I hate Ruby and would be glad to see the back of her, I want to protect this family too. They’re the only family I’ve got now.”
“Mom! What are you doing? You can’t just—"
Ellen cleared her throat. “I know. And I don’t think it
“Cool. Well,
Cas shook his head, looking ridiculously young and vulnerable as he scrubbed his fist through his hair, making his bed-head exponentially worse.
Across the table, Castiel finally met his gaze, his blue eyes soft with sympathy.
Charlie shook her head. “Castiel, I don’t know how to put this any more clearly, but if the people in that house knew you were alone at Christmas, and even if you had no connection whatsoever with them, they would
He glanced at Dean. With a knowing smile, he looked Castiel up and down.
“Hell, Cas. That’s bad. Why don’t you find another place?”
“It’s bad if it makes her unhappy.”
Dean turned off the ignition and the throat roar of the engine cut out. He shuffled in his seat, looking a little awkward.
“Joanna - Beth, no pie for you!”
He wriggles forward, inching down his trousers, aiming for optimal coverage. Thank god, at least, he’s got clean boxers on. Because at some point, he’s going to be meeting Mrs Novak again, if he survives the evening. And he doesn’t want to go through life known as the guy who doesn’t change his underwear.
“That wasn’t even my fault, not really. I was hanging around to see how he was, and they wouldn’t tell me, because I’m not family, and then there was a nurse…” He thought he’d better withhold her name. “Well, she overheard me say something stupid about wanting to marry him. It was just to myself, and it didn’t mean anything, but of course, she thought it did, and before I knew what was happening, I was in Sam’s room, being announced as his fiancé, and then Ellen collapsed, and I didn’t know what to do.” He sighed. “You have to believe me, none of this was intentional.”
Castiel sighed once more. “Of course they did,” he replied, retreating up the stairs. “Somehow they always do. Well, bring me a receipt and I’ll do what I can.”
“Right, well.” Dean turned on his heel, shaking his head. “I’d better be going.”
Charlie hadn’t mentioned anything like that.
He was soon taken up to the ward by a pretty and sympathetic nurse called Jess, who seemed both impervious to his own charm, and very much aware of Sam’s.
“Um…” He paused and turned back, considering. He didn’t want Castiel to know he was on to him just yet. He needed to do a bit more digging first, because Ellen and Bobby seemed utterly besotted with the guy. “Tell him, nah.” He shook his head. “It’s fine, don’t worry ‘bout it.”
“He was the clever one! The one who everyone knew would amount to something.”
He drops back into the ditch and round the other side, reaches through, this time tearing his favourite jacket on the jagged glass. At least Baby’s inside is still dry. He’s got some tarp in the trunk, he’ll stick that over the window, keep the worst of the snow out.
fiancee, might not necessarily be aware of any feline companions either.
He asked more to distract himself more than anything else.
“Here look.” Dean fumbled in his pocket and followed him to the rear. “I’ve got a few pictures of what she looked like when I picked her up in Kansas.”
“Family,” Castiel finished for him. “Yes, I think I’m starting to understand how ‘family’ works, round here.”
his family.” The older man shoved his cap back on his head as Jess waved him through.
“Only the truth sweets. That you and I have a little ‘arrangement’ going on.”
“Mom’s got roast chicken
“I didn’t take them,” he ground out, frustration overtaking him. “Gypsum seems to have a panty fetish. Sometimes she steals them from the washing line, sometimes she brings them dirty from the dirty linen basket. Once they were encrusted…”
Dean scrubbed the back of his neck. “That’s, ah, not what I mean.” He nodded down at Castiel. “Does she know about—have you told her ‘bout Sam—and Cas, here?”
“He’s the one that introduced Sam to Ruby,” Dean grumbled. “I wouldn’t trust him as far as I could throw him.”
“He put you up to this?”
“Would you mind, if I mentioned you? I mean, you’re not…” Cas stops. “You’re out to me, and Sammy, and Bobby, but I guess that—”
“I know. But why’s everyone so…” He gestured towards the Impala. “You know.”
“You really shouldn’t,” Castiel replied. “And as for those–they're not mind; they’re
The naked honesty in Castiel’s voice set Dean flushing and fumbling with the keys, but he recovered quickly.
“Robin and Carmen were brunettes too,” Ellen put in. “Though I don’t recall their eye colour.”
“You okay, man?” he murmured, squeezing round to stand next to him, as the others were distracted. “Jo didn’t interrogate you while I was gone, did she?”
“Not last time I looked, no.” Castiel looked him over. Dean was sitting on the stairs, a newspaper in one hand and a steaming mug of coffee in the other. Had he been waiting there for hours, to see Castiel—or to interrogate him?
Yeah. ‘Cept his leg doesn’t seem to agree.
Castiel slid into the driver’s seat. It really was beautiful. The steering wheel seemed to be made of wood, and another panel of wood ran across the whole dashboard. Between the two front seats was another panelled console, and a shiny silver ball he took to be the gear-lever. He ran his hand over it, flinching as his palm encountered cold metal. It was a good shape though, fitting perfectly into his palm.
“The one who’s taking you clothes shopping?” Dean quirked an eyebrow as, with some difficulty, he dragged his gaze back to Castiel’s face.
Castiel threw his hands up.
His face now entirely serious, he glances up at his wife. Catches Cas, mouth open, as he gazes down at Dean.
His own face burning, Castiel finished the remaining questions, and followed Dean to the reception desk.
“And you
Castiel cracked a reluctant smile, not entirely unhappy to have put Dean on the wrong-foot, if it meant he’d keep his comments and suspicions to himself in future. He pulled the door open and prepared to make his escape.
Bobby’s gaze darted from the damaged Impala, to Dean, and over to Castiel, his brow furrowed.
Castiel leaned over to check where he was pointing.
No one had told him that.
“It’s a cold day.”
Again.
“She should have drunk coffee,” said Bobby, and Jess, still bending over Sam, snorted.
“About me?” Dean shrugged. “I don’t think so. I used to, well,” Sheepishly, he rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand. “I used to have a bit of a reputation with the girls, and though it’s been a very long time, that reputation’s kinda stuck, and no-one’s ever questioned it.”
“I’m sorry. It must be a strain keeping it under wraps.” He hesitated. “Do you feel any better now you’ve told me?”
“Can I, how can I find out what happened to—” he began, not knowing whether anyone would be able to tell him anything, but hoping he could at least find out if the man had woken up.
“You can’t be serious, Cassie? Are you seriously telling me that the entire, what did you call them, the Winchester-Harvelle-Singer family, the
He broke off as Balthazar wolf-whistled, but for once it wasn’t at Castiel. Instead, he was gazing at the sidewalk below.
kid?”
fiance, not mine.”
He sat by Sam for another hour, fiddling with his phone, after texting Charlie in the hope she would drop in, but she wasn’t replying to his messages.
“Not on the left.”
He crossed his fingers that the damage wouldn’t be as bad as that awful, gut-churning crunch had suggested.
Castiel groaned. “So how—”
“Cas, man.” Dean’s gaze dropped. He was twisting the paper napkin between his fingers. “It was nothin’ special. Sam was a good kid, anyone woulda—”
“I think she likes you.”
“You couldn’t see before?” Castiel pressed his hand to his chest in mock dismay. “So, will you tell your family now you’ve seen their reaction?” He stopped as a thought hit him. Was it fair to encourage Dean to reveal all, thinking Sam was an ally, believing he wasn’t alone in this? “Don’t let me push you,” he added quickly. “You should only do it in your own time, when you feel ready.”
"He said he was a student." His father sniffs the air. "Do you think that mac n'cheese is ready? These boys must be starving, they probably haven't had time to eat proper food, with all the, er." He falters. "Last minute shopping."
sound sarcastic, would have been, had it been anyone else speaking. He was always a little too formal, or so Gabe was always telling him. He groaned and rubbed his forehead. That lawyer probably thought he was an idiot now.
He couldn’t remember what it was called, but he recognised it. He’d had a picture of one, stuck in the road atlas when he and his dad had planned their road trip. Obviously he’d found a picture as a kid, and pasted it in, as if a picture would make it more likely to happen. But it was the same car. It would have been something special back then, new and exciting.
They waited until she had gone.
Jo grinned, her blonde curls bouncing, as she prepared to deliver the bombshell. But Dean got there before her.
Ellen gave him an all too understanding look, the kind of look Dean didn’t want to deal with. “Dean, I know what your dad would have thought about… Sam, and Cas. But not everyone’s like that. We don’t think like that. And Missouri won’t
The high-pitched bleeping of the house phone interrupted them.
college, for fuck’s sake.
“Dean.” Castiel waited until Dean had stopped. “I want. To learn, that is,” he finished quickly. “If you’ve got time to teach me.”
Balthazar was always helpful, perhaps a little
about it.”
On his way down in the lift, a tiny and very stupid part of his mind had even conjured up a whole scenario where Sam asked to see the man who had saved him, and they’d met and Castiel explained away the whole confusion… and it had all been a bit fuzzy after that, but eyes had met across a crowded room, and Sam had invited him out for a drink and—
“I haven’t had a family Christmas since I was fifteen.”
Not that he was ungrateful to Bobby and Ellen for the chances his own father never gave him, but that was a problem too: The guilt. How could he repay people who’d done so much to help him and Sammy, by abandoning them when they needed him the most?
“It’s nothin’.” Dean’s cheeks were flushed. “Anyway, so Cas is gonna come over to Ellen and Bobby’s for Sunday lunch. Jo’s gonna be there, maybe Charlie too if she can swap shifts. She gets lonely this time of year.”
“I came here with Bobby the other day,” Dean said, settling him in a booth. “I’ve had better, but I don’t think we’ll get food poisoning.”
“I don’t wanna try,” Dean said at last, then rubbed his hands together, stamping his feet in a pantomime of cold. “Come on, let’s look at these cars before we freeze to death.”
But Dean waved him down. “Nah. Not what I meant. I was askin’ how you would treat
But before he could say anything, Gypsum—the traitor—reappeared.
“They’re not Gypsum’s, you assbutt. They’re Mrs Mancini’s!”
“I know you probably didn’t want it to come out like that, Dean, and I
Dean, stroking Caleb, with an absurdly soft smile on his face, looks up.
Dean’s face lit up as he leaned in to check the oil, before wiping his greasy hands on his jeans. “Yeah. Did it all myself, buying in parts as they became available, or scavenging the scrap heap. There was another old Lincoln, an absolute wreck, so I was able to take parts from that, keep the costs down. I didn’t have much spare time to work on her, and then I had to restore Baby, so she’s taken a bit of a back seat over the last year or so. There’s a couple of bits I’m still waiting for, pretty rare, so I keep an eye out and I’ll fit them as they come in. I’m bidding for a hub cap on eBay but I’m still waiting for a right wing mirror to come up.” He patted the left wing mirror. “Hang on a sec, I’ll grab the keys from the office, and I can show you the interior.”
over, isn’t it?”
She shrugged, something thoughtful in her gaze, as it flickered between him, and a very flushed Castiel.
Castiel winced. He’d forgotten that Balthazar had been telling stories to Dean, but at least it gave him an opportunity to straighten things out.
“New one every few months. Usually changing state, or at least city, to make sure the child protection teams couldn’t track us. I barely went at all, too busy working to get enough money to feed Sam.”
“I know, and if you’d said anything different, I’d be wondering it I was doing the right thing.” She patted his arm. “But think of it this way. You’ve done this family an injury, albeit unintentionally, by pretending to be their prospective son-in-law. If you tell the truth now, when they’ve nothing else to do but worry, you’re going to make things even worse. You could even kill Ellen Harvelle. So you need to stick it out. Try not to lie more than you must, but spend time with them, distract them. All you have to do is hang on until Sam comes out of the coma, and then they’ll be so happy they won’t care.”
“Sorry about that, man. Like I said before, I can’t help myself sometimes.”
“We’ll have to walk each other home like teenagers. We’ll still be going back and forth tomorrow morning. So, what were we talking about, your college ambitions? You could still go, man. Work your way through.”
“I imagine Sam always looks good,” Castiel observed, following Dean into Sam’s room and standing by his bed. “But he definitely looks better.”
“This bit, Sir.” The receptionist lowered her voice, but the room was empty and the sound travelled in the stark clinical atmosphere. “Don’t worry, Sir. This is
said, about five minutes ago. You think I can’t take care of myself? I worked in an ER for twenty years, I can read people.” She waves him in. “Castiel! Give the poor boy a hand, he won’t bite.”
But it was not to be.
“I can understand how it started,” she said, her eyes flickering over his face. “I don’t like dick, but Sam’s a stud, and a nice guy, if he has become a bit materialistic since starting with that cut throat law firm—and getting involved with Ruby.” Her gaze was softer now, kinder. “But how on earth did you go from admiring the handsome prince from afar, to winding up in his hospital room engaged to him?”
good at this.” Castiel smiled up at him. “It’s amazing.”
Maybe it was one of her good days.
“In?”
Dean tilted his head. “Close. 1967.”
The doorbell rang.
Cas’s eyebrows lift.
Dean cringed.
, aren’t.” Balthazar didn’t seem to be paying any attention. “Balthazar, I’m serious! It could get me into trouble.”
Jessica narrowed her eyes. “I think you should know that Mr Novak here saved your son’s life. If anyone deserves to be here, it’s him.”
“In front of an oncoming train,” Jo added, before being quelled by Ellen’s “Hush, Jo.”
“I mean it, Cas. Go and stick some clothes on. Nothin’ smart mind, the scapyard’s mucky at the best of times.”
“Because they don’t want the details of your sex life, being all, religious, and that?”
An annoyance though she currently was, he didn’t actively want her hurt. She was his sister, after all.
The dining room fell silent, everyone’s mouth forming an ‘o’ of enlightenment.
Sam’s skin, which had been waxen, now held a healthy glow despite the remaining bruising around his temple. His breathing was deep and even, and the room was cheery with flower-filled vases. Castiel’s own flowers were still alive—just—but the bouquets from the family made up for them.
like I fit in here, in a place like this? I haven’t moved in for a reason—”
“I think,” he said, stroking her under the chin as she gazed longingly at the Top Cat sachets. “That somewhere the other side of Chicago, there’s a very hungry cat.”
“Jesus, look man, I just need to speak to Castiel.”
“Bobby wouldn’t have her for sale if she didn’t. She’s a gas guzzler though.”
“Did you restore Baby in your free time too?”
Gabriel was right, it
But Castiel had caught sight of something blue and shiny.
Castiel halted, half in, half out of the Impala.
Obviously sensing something, Donna glanced between them, and then focussed back on Dean. “If you want to do this separately, you can wait in reception. I’ll take your man here through the tests and onto the blood room first, and then come back for you.”
Ellen and Bobby exchanged relieved smiles.
“We got a call that Sam Winchester had been brought in unconscious.”
the man, just
Grumbling he stepped closer to the bed, then pulled back the covers, shielding Sam from the room, or perhaps the room from Sam’s bare buttock, with his body.
Now Bobby was gazing at Dean, an unreadable expression in his eyes, as Dean reluctantly showed him the damage.
Bobby and Ellen exchanged glances.
He followed Dean around to the front of the Impala, parked in front of the garage doors, alongside Bobby’s tow truck, ‘Winchester and Son’ painted in gothic red, along the side. Although the sun was low, and the sky overcast, the light was much better than in the parking lot.
“I really am sorry, Dean,” Castiel faltered. “I—I can’t afford to repay you back right away, but I could give you what I can, every month, until it’s paid off.”
Castiel took a step back.
He switches his cell on, icy fingers struggling to grip.
“Seriously?” Dean spluttered, then covered it up with a cough. “It doesn’t really go with you, with your coat.” He gestured at Castiel’s trench.
Castiel frowned as he counted out the notes. “Have you turned into an old lady? Because that’s what they usually say when it’s the other way round. And anyway, you’re straight.”
Castiel paused and turned, his chest tightening as he saw his boss totter down the stone steps of the Art Institute. He usually liked to spend his brief lunch break taking a walk along the river bank, avoiding the savoury odours of the hotdog sellers and doughnut stalls, watching the cargo ships lined up along the banks of the Chicago River, and wondering where they were going next.
It had sounded like a woman, definitely a woman, high pitched,
But for once Gypsum didn’t come skipping over to purr against his leg and call for her supper.
“I’ve got my licence, but I’ve never actually driven since passing my test,” he admitted. “I’m not sure I even remember how.” He leaned forward. “Try tickling her under her ear, she likes that… Honestly, I’m fine on the transit. My knee’s not so bad any more, I can get around just fine.”
“Yeah, well Sam never had much taste. Except in men…”
How could they all be so, so
Dean glances over, his expression pained, he’s trapped of course, his bandaged leg stretched out on the pouffe, a bag of ice packed around it. Cas takes a deep breath. He’s going to be interrogated. They’re being separated on purpose, he can feel it.
“Oh no, honey. I’ve seen you, and
“Your neighbour’s?”
Dean nodded distractedly as he pulled off the main stretch and headed for the suburb where Bobby’s first junkyard now took up an entire block. He still hadn’t got to the bottom of how Sam and Castiel had met and got engaged. Maybe it had started out as just sex, his brother had taste, he’d give him that. But then why the rapid engagement?
“Give her a moment Ellen,” said a burly middle-aged man in a thick green sweater. “You’ve all been screeching at the poor woman.” He turned to the receptionist and pulled off his cap.
God, why weren’t the lights coming on?
“All right.” Balthazar lifted a lazy eyebrow and lounged back through the door, his overly tight leather trousers giving Dean an eyeful on his retreat.
Mrs Novak—who, apparently, is some sorta closet nudist, and Dean
“Better go, before ‘well-fucked’ turns into ‘just been fucked at the end of your drive’.” For safety, Dean tucks his hands into his jeans’ pockets.
The knot finally undone, he shoved his feet into his shoes.
Within a few minutes he was driving south from Northwestern, heading past his own area of Logan Square, towards Pilsen, where Castiel apparently had an apartment. The traffic was surprisingly light, probably due to the number of people still on vacation as they recovered from three days of turkey sandwiches and eggnog. Looking at the tightly-packed housing, he wondered where exactly his satnav was going to take him. Pilsen was up and coming, but some areas were still pretty rough, though the LGBT scene was cool, according to Charlie anyway. Dean rarely had time to go out, and he’d always been more of a real ale in a bar than a nightclub kind of guy, anyway.
He knew Sam took environmental law cases, so that seemed like a good bet.
He passed by one more time, looking longingly into the sitting room where a tree sat by the window, ablaze with light. Someone, Jo probably, laughed from within.
Dean glared at her. “Really, that’s your contribution?”
She shrugged. “Both. Either. I’m Dean’s best friend, and I’m so gay I practically sparkle.”
cool,” says Dean, who is apparently not very cool at all. “I’d. Well. Better get Baby back, she don’t like snowstorms.”
“Hang on, Cas, we’re not supposed to—”
They stared at each other, Castiel’s pulse suddenly tripping.
This guy’s the fuckin’ headmaster of a
But Castiel had grabbed his arm.
“You’re both
Mr Novak looks back at Dean, his eyes rounding, in appalled recognition this time. And then, as Dean watches, breathless and horrified, he squeezes his eyes—blue like Castiel’s—closed. He opens them again. Swallows.
“Oh hush, Bobby, it wasn’t a bad smile, just a little crooked.”
“What?”
Dean’s jaw dropped. His mouth opened and closed as he stared down at Castiel.
Dean, on the other hand, looked like he knew exactly what he was doing.
Although he was supposedly occupied with locking Baby, Castiel had the distinct impression Dean was waiting for a reaction. Perhaps wondering how Castiel would take the reality of Sam’s upbringing. Though anyone who’d seen Castiel’s dump of an apartment shouldn’t have been expecting any snobbery from
“Check it.”
She slipped between them, before Dean could turn and block her way.
barely knew that.”
“Isn’t he a bit old now?” Castiel asked, apparently trying to lighten the tone, Dean shot him a grateful, if rather strained, smile.
“That’s fine,” the woman sat back, smiling, and Castiel looked away quickly, his heart thumping in his chest. “You get back to your partner, and I’ll go and get the nurse.”
“Oh Christ!” He slammed down his security window. “Call the police. I’m going down.”
had enough, Nurse Novak,” says Mr Novak. “Here you are, Dean. Champagne anaesthetic.” He pushes a tall-stemmed glass into Dean’s thawing fingers, and Mrs Novak continues her ministrations.
It would be so easy to lie once more.
“Yeah.” Dean smiled down at Sam, before lifting his left leg as advised. “Think this is what she wanted me to do with his leg?”
He digested that in silence.
“Baby?” His mother's eyes widen. “Mature student? Baby?
Balthazar shook his head “Nope… sorry, I don’t think I mentioned that one.”
“Sam got the brains, I got the looks,” he told her, as he held Sam’s hand, calling up his usual cheeky grin.
“Oh,” came a voice by his ear. “I see you’ve found the Pimpmobile.”
“A pimp?”
“Sam’s in hospital, Missouri,” Ellen put in gently. “He fell on the train tracks a few days ago, and hit his head. Castiel here jumped onto the tracks to save him.”
“He nervous around needles?” she asked, as she pressed something sharp into his finger, and then dipped a test strip into the small bubble of blood that appeared on his skin. “There you go, all over. Easy peasy, wasn’t it.”
Dean frowned. “Um. ‘Cause I dropped you off last night?” He shrugged. “While I remember, there’s some woman downstairs, said something about taking you clothes shopping. You, er, you often go shopping with middle-aged ladies?”
“Man, you can’t drive
“What about you?” Castiel turned the question round. “Sam went to Stanford. You stayed home.”
Gabriel shrugged. “Well you did sound sarcastic and you know how hot she is on customer service skills.”
Left with Dean’s phone, Castiel flicked through a series of pictures chronicling the Camaro’s transformation from junkyard rust to the shining restoration in front of him. Bobby must have taken some of the pictures, for Dean was in some of them, in his overalls, the top rolled down to his hips, lying underneath the car, or in one, memorable picture, bending over to inspect the engine.
The hood clanged closed. “Dad always said Baby’d be mine one day. Guess he just didn’t realise how soon that’d be.”
“Look, will you all just get in the damned house?” Dean’s voice was rising. “No point us all freezing.”
He patted his leg, but she ignored the signal and turned towards him, tilting her head.
Castiel took his cookie, and then placed it, carefully, on his paper towel. “I was just thinking. About you and Sam, and it occurred to me—don’t you know why, despite your dad’s views, Sam might be so confident he’s going to be loved and accepted?”
Dean nodded as the skinny man approached them. He was pale, but he had a wide smile, and launched himself at Dean, who patted him gingerly on the back.
“My car,” says Dean, to everyone’s palpable relief. “My car’s called Baby, I restored her. Here I’ve got some—” He pauses, his hand on his cell. “No battery, I forgot.”
Pulling on fresh gloves, Donna grinned over at Castiel. “I think it’s you who’ll be doing
for it. He knew his Vonnegut—and okay, so Dean was the dumb one here, but he could still read, so shoot him. Not even Sam read Vonnegut. He was modest, and funny, in a dry kinda way. And he didn’t make Dean feel stupid.
He glanced up, and nearly tumbled off his stool when he recognised the impatient customer: The incredibly handsome lawyer who commuted in daily.
Castiel slowed his breathing. To anyone watching he must have appeared fast asleep.
Bobby’s jaw dropped. “You what?”
She probably thought Dean’s reluctance was because he’d been cheating, Castiel realised, with a sudden pang.
was the one driving Baby.”
beautiful. But maybe we should wait until Sam’s awake. We’d have to discuss this between us, figure out what to do. We’d want something future proof…”
He side-eyed him. “Sam never mentioned it?”
Castiel stifled a sigh. There was no way he was going to pull this off if Sam’s flat had to
Dean nodded, as Donna stepped back with a smile. Dean flashed a quick look at his arm, from which now protruded a scarlet-filled line, and then closed his eyes, his lips tight.
Cas’s eyes, flicker to his, flaring momentary panic, before stilling. A familiar glint appears.
okay. But… nothing I haven’t fixed before.”
There was suddenly something uncertain in the green eyes fixed upon him.
! Where were you ten years ago? Could have saved me a load of angst if Sam’d gone first!”
Cas appears in the hallway, still in his tan coat. His jaw drops.
“Yeah. You’ll like her, and if she likes you, she might even offer to tell your fortune."
He knew he was often oblivious to the signals other men sent out, but he also knew that if he ever gave Balthazar a single inch, he’d take a mile, so he’d always been extremely firm about refusing all potential dates.
“It’s good to see you, Dean. I’ve been hearing all the family news. Interesting times, huh?”
“I know, and I appreciate it. But I’ll be fine. I was more worried about you, in the donation room.”
Of course.
“Or me,” Cas mutters, poking at the saucepan with a wooden spoon. “Is this sauce supposed to be lumpy?”
He lowered his voice, after checking over his shoulder for Hannah’s surveillance. “I found him on LinkedIn. He’s rising really quickly, he was at Stanford too. He must be extremely bright.” Motivated too. The man’s profile had listed his High School, and Castiel hadn’t been able to resist looking that up either. A poorly-performing High School in the depths of Lawrence, Kansas. He admired that kind of drive.
one of these cars.
“So, uh. Yeah. Not as good as Baby, obviously. But pretty decent.” Dean stepped back and gestured to the car with an awkward flourish. “She’s a 1968 Chevrolet Camaro. I prefer the 1970 second generation myself, they have these big, circular headlamps, and this really angular grille in the middle. It’s got more personality, if you ask me. But this one’s not bad.”
“Not one of yours I hope, son?”
“What do you do?” Castiel asked Garth, as Dean opened the bottle of white wine Garth had brought as a gift, and ignored the glass Jo was holding out.
“Hello again, boys. How y’all doing?” She raised an eyebrow as she examined the needle and tubing at Dean’s elbow. “This is all coming along nicely. You want that orange juice and cookies now? That’s not really a question by the way, we force feed you. I’ll get you some too, sweetie.”
“It’s okay, you can go ahead and kiss him, or whatever. Don’t mind me.”
Garth gave him a smile. “You’re Sam’s fiance, right? It’s good to meet you.” He pulled Castiel in for a hug, and Castiel met Jo’s amused gaze, over one woollen-cardiganed shoulder. “I’ve been hearing a lot about you, all good of course.”
“Right, well, loverboy here can hold your other hand and whisper sweet nothings in your ear. You’ll barely notice. It’s lucky he came too, really. We don’t normally allow other people in the room.”
“Well, maybe not tonight then. If we’re both short of blood, we’ll probably end up getting getting kicked out of the bar.”
for it.” She gave him a bright smile. A suspiciously bright smile.
Castiel shrugged. It was fifty-fifty, and he could probably make a case for confusion if he had to. It would of course be far better to tell them the truth. Better, but not easier.
After waving Dean off, Baby roaring off into the night, Castiel stepped gingerly across the tarmac front, before heading into the house. There was a buzzing in his veins he couldn’t quite account for, but it might have been the anaemia.
“It reminds me of my childhood.” Castiel shook his head, answering Dean’s unspoken question. “We didn’t have one, couldn't have afforded it.” He ran his hand along the Lincoln’s glossy flank. “I told you about the road trips my dad and I used to plan? Well I used to draw out the routes, and list the towns we might visit, and make a kind of—kind of scrapbook in the atlas.”
Jo chucked her bread roll at him.
“Ooof. I’m exhausted.” Charlie closed her eyelids, and he was shocked by the purple crescents underneath her eyes. “I was working all night and I should be in bed by now. A cup of tea would be great thank you.”
“I’ll go—” Dean began, but Bobby held onto his arm.
mouths Cas, unimpressed.
It appeared that Dean had not mentioned their early-morning meeting.
these?”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief, though he wasn’t fully reassured.
doctor, Cassie? You’re taking this role-play stuff too far. Here, let me help you with your bag.”
“Sam didn’t tell me that part,” Castiel replied, quite truthfully, and neglecting to mention Sam hadn’t told him
“So, basically Dean, far from preferring blondes, nearly
“Not a man. Oooh, I’m going to go down and say hello.” Balthazar jumped up from the shabby window seat.
Missouri was a lovely old lady, but that didn’t mean she’d moved with the times, and sometimes prejudice was deeply ingrained.
Bobby looked like he wanted to claw his own eyes out.
Something hit him on the arm, and he looked down at his lap to see one of Gabe’s candies. He glanced out of the ticket office window, but for once there was no one waiting, perhaps it was finally the end of the Christmas eve rush, everyone heading home early, to be with their families.
The young blonde clapped her hand across her mouth. “Still?”
about Dean. “He really opened up, told me a lot about himself, and his upbringing, and I just felt awful, letting him believe my lies.” He rubbed his hand over his face and looked up at her beseechingly. “I can’t do it any more, Charlie, especially not to Dean, after everything he’s been through.”
“One day I found a picture of this, the Lincoln, car, in a magazine, and I cut it out and added it to the atlas. I could just see us cruising the highway together. It’s big enough to sleep in the back, so it would save money on motels.”
“Hey Guys.”
“Not tonight.” His mom leads the way to the kitchen. “Honey, these look amazing. They’re not from a shop, they’re home-made!”
“I don’t know anything about cars!”
“My son is a very dedicated academic, as you might be aware, Dean. Anyway, Jane, we’re neglecting our guest.” With the air of someone changing the subject entirely, his father brings Dean into the conversation. “I see you’re a dog man Dean, just don’t let Caleb drink your champagne, he has a sensitive stomach.”
“Well, technically it’s a 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V’,” Dean replied, giving the golden car a pat. “But I call it the ‘Pimpmobile’”.
“Oh Christ.”
Sort of.
“That’s not much fun.” She wrinkled her nose. “Nothing serious I hope?”
“Oh, for Christ’s sake!” He clutched Gypsum tighter as she wriggled, probably hoping to escape down the hall and continue her life of crime. “Doesn’t anybody text anymore?”
a surprise.”
“Oh Jesus.” Dean shook his head. “Just a bit, man. Never mind, I can give you a few lessons, make sure you’re safe to go. Now get in there, have a feel.”
He hadn’t in years though, his oven was broken. And it seemed kind of pointless, when he was the only one there to eat it.
Castiel walked around the back, admiring its sleek lines, and the almost comical tail fin.
Jo saw her chance.
Ellen looked up, the tense lines around her eyes relaxing a little. “Oh Charlie! I’m so glad to see you. It’s all so
Dean didn’t, because, thankfully, and despite the hair, the only kid Dean had had to bring up was Sam.
Castiel started to sweat. He rubbed his neck, his eyes still on Dean. What on earth could he…
Dean swallowed, and Castiel watched as the adam’s apple bobbed in his throat. They sat in silence a few moments more, Dean still staring at the wall ahead.
“Handsome Lawyer Guy, not hot. And no, Hannah wasn’t asking me out, and
“She’s got a heart condition, never recovered from a vicious dog attack a few years ago,” said the girl. “And her name’s Ellen Harvelle.”
But even now, with Cas dressed and safely in the car, Dean couldn’t put those panties out of his head, and it was making things awkward every time they caught each other’s gaze, and looked quickly away again. A guy didn’t need to know what his brother got up to in the bedroom, even if it kinda mirrored his own sex life. It just… wasn’t right.
Exchanged a panicked frown with his father, Cas dives for the hallway, his father close behind. A retired nurse, his mother is a sucker for waifs, strays—and a sob story.
Mr Novak stares right back at him, his lips quirking into a rapidly suppressed smile which has Dean’s face contorting.
Indeed it was. Castiel barely suppressed a shudder. What on earth had possessed
“When I can afford the wool. It’s my winter hobby.”
Green eyes widened. “More than…?”
“But you’ve been single for a while?” Castiel cringed as he realised what he’d said. “Sorry. And there I was saying I wouldn’t remember anything I overheard.”
“You can’t be allergic to stick instincts,” said Jo. “She just didn’t like them.“ She turned to Castiel. “Uncle Brian kept hundreds of them, and they kept escaping and turning up in the tea-pot.”
“Oh you know, landlord… and a little bit more.”
“Dean’s got stuck, some bad weather en route,” Jo announced, trying to sneak some eggnog from Charlie’s glass.
“Sometimes it’s different when it’s family.” He spoke from experience.
your girlfriends have been brunets. In fact the only one who wasn’t a brunette was Anna… and she was a redhead!” Jo finished triumphantly, before Ellen dragged her into the kitchen to clear the main course.
“But your Baby, and after your dad, and after you spent so long fixing her up too.” Ellen looked like she was about to cry. “What happened?”
“You’re not an academic as well are you? You seem far too practical!” His mother has been entirely won over by Dean’s cooking abilities, and she doesn’t even know about the pie.
Ellen slapped Bobby’s hand away as it reached for another bread roll. “Save some for our guests, Bobby. She knows, Dean. Not that she always remembers, but last time we spoke, she knew he was in hospital.”
“A ticket-booth on the transport system, if you’ll believe it.”
, had always been the person closest to Sam, and he was finding it hard to remember someone else might care just as much as he did.
“God, no!” He’ll have to give her something. “He’s a Mature student in Business and Accounting. It’s a completely different department.”
Castiel suspected Dean had only offered so he could interrogate him further. He clearly hadn’t bought Castiel’s, or rather, Charlie’s, story and Castiel was pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to keep it up.
“And the doc is okay with you pulling the wool over this family’s eyes for the most spurious of reasons?”
“Tell that to the angels. Uh oh. The platform’s getting crowded,” Gabe remarked, as he let another three people through the ticket gate on his side. “Anyway, what was Hannah saying that made you so grumpy the other day? She asked where you usually went for lunch, so I thought she was finally going to get the courage to ask you out.” He smiled smugly. “You can thank me for it later, in Haribo.”
hadn’t had a chance to put some clothes on. At least when Scrooge was wearing his nightcap when had to deal with his three unexpected visitors.
“Is that what happened to Baby?” Charlie eyed him with concern. “I saw her on the driveway and I was about to ask if you were okay.”
Dean shrugged. He could always have a word with this kid, make sure he knew to treat Jo right.
Castiel gasped, his fingers reaching out and covering Dean’s curled fist with his own.
“Seriously?” Ellen and Bobby exchanged one of the private messages that married couples seemed to communicate by. “Look, Dean, I don’t know if we should be telling you this…” She stopped, much to Dean’s frustration. They were the ones who had dragged him into this conversation, and now no one seemed to want to tell him what was going on.
Dean pointed out the front seatbelts, and the new battery and steering wheel he had salvaged from the older wreck. Castiel sat in silence as he talked, his enthusiasm bubbling over, for all that from his comments, Dean didn’t seem to actually
“I’ll believe anything if it’ll get me my lunch on time.” Bobby turned to the slight, nerdy looking man who had appeared on the steps next to him. “Suppose we’d better go down, see what they’re all bletherin’ about.”
Cas solves the problem, and with a quick check for approval, he takes them from Dean and lodges them on Baby’s roof. Dean doesn’t mind, exactly, but Baby’s not a pantry.
His cheeks were burning, his ears too, hell, even his neck was burning.
“You once told me if Lisa had had blue eyes, she’d have been your perfect woman!”
“Yes, but I can’t even afford the co-pay,” he admitted, his voice low.
“It’s gonna have to be in my free time but I reckon I can make a tidy profit on it. I’ve got my eye on a ’65 Mustang comin’ up for auction in St Louis too. You know I’ve always had my eye on one of those, Sammy. Might even keep it myself if I make enough on the Corvette.”
sister.
She held up her hand. “Which is why I think
“Nah, not the academic type.” Dean’s self-deprecating grin sends something swooping in Cas’s chest, distracting him from his father. “I’m studying Bus—”
And he’d had so little to offer in return.
, we’re taking no chances with a nasty concussion like that.”
Later, he reflected, he’d had no choice, really. For once Charlie dragged him up the steps there was no way he could get out of it. He handed over his modest gift, and it was welcomed as though he’d flown personally to a French vineyard to find it, and then Ellen was pulling him through to a warm sitting room scented with pine and spices. He found himself in a seat near the fire, to ‘warm him through’, whilst the infamous eggnog and sausage rolls and cheese sticks were pressed on him. For someone so used to being solitary, the noise was overwhelming.
Castiel nodded, and leaned forward to inspect the dashboard. “Have you… asked him? Properly?”
“God no. Ben’s a great kid, wasn’t mine though.” But Dean’s smile was wistful as he took a last look at the back seat, before heading round to the trunk.
“How did you discover my secret?”
He blew on frozen fingers before fumbling with his front door.
Ellen and Jo stared at him from opposite sides of the table.
“It took so long,” he whispered. “I couldn’t understand why no one was coming to help me.”
“Castiel!” With faltering steps, his father appears in the living room door, his back more stooped than Cas remembers, his face beaming.
“Already told you. Someone had to pay for Sammy’s extras, and I was happy to be a grease monkey. Wasn’t much good for anything else.”
Castiel bit his lip. It was very tempting, a beautiful car for all the negatives Dean had listed. But he couldn’t possibly accept, not even for a test drive. Knowing his luck, he would write it off. Playing for time, he peered at the monochrome dials, then, as Dean waited by the door, he twisted to look behind him, at the back seat.
“I’m sorry.” Dean rubbed his face with his free hand. “I know I look a mess. It’s just…”
Jo was in front of them now, heedless of her pink fluffy slippers. She stared at them as they blocked her view of the Impala’s front, and crossed her arms.
“The interior’s plush velour champagne, matches the Jubilee gold on the outside. Only a few thousand of these were ever produced.”
“Um, a gang was trying to steal his watch, the Rolex, you know,” Castiel glanced at the older man uncertainly. He was the only one who hadn’t said anything. “They pushed him on the tracks when he refused to give it up. But, you know I’m not actually—”
the pie, if you’re not careful,” said Ellen.
Castiel remained silent and brooding, beside him.
“Right then.” Dean tugged forward a second chair. “What we gonna tell him? You start.”
“Yeah, um, not. Um… Never mind.”
“Charlie, that’s the doctor, said she’d sort it out.”
Dean shrugged. It wasn’t anything he hadn’t done—he’d certainly made up a few dates over recent years, just to keep people off his back—but it didn’t excuse Jo’s behaviour, or the embarrassment she was causing him and Cas. He looked round for Castiel, but found him by the window seat, talking earnestly to Griff. A smile came to his lips. Castiel couldn’t come too much harm with Garth.
“Pure silk,” he gloated, pulling out something blue and shiny. “None of that polyester rubbish. I couldn’t resist.”
But Dean was already stepping back from the car. He scrubbed his fist through his hair. “Right, yes. Well obviously this is out of the question.” He scanned the surrounding vehicles. “Maybe the Opal over there. Not as pretty, but practical. It’s an automatic too, so you wouldn’t have to waste your time on driving lessons with me.”
His father steps forward, champagne bottle outstretched.
? I’ve paid my rent. I haven’t broken anything. The block isn’t on fire, unless you’ve been cooking again.”
Dean pulled onto the main road, heading north, towards Bobby’s yard. Castiel sat silent beside him. At least he’d gone and put some clothes on before they set off. A pair of tight grey jeans and an old maroon hoodie, making him look like a scruffy student.
Reluctantly, he nodded.
Once they were alone in the hallway, he gently divested Missouri of her coat, woollen hat, and gloves, before arranging her hair just how she liked it.
“His first male crush,” said Jo. “Also, his first
Castiel’s voice was subdued. Too quiet. Dean glanced over, and winced.
“Let me have this,” Castiel urged, his chin on his hands. “I know it’s ridiculous, I
“Mrs Man—Shit!” Balthazar’s eyes widened with horror. “Seriously? You hoard Mrs Mancini’s panties in your closet? Jesus, Cassie. The cat thing was bad enough. This is fucking rank.”
God, Castiel felt nauseous just thinking about it.
“Here she is everyone!”
“My shift ran-over,” Charlie said airily, pulling off her mittens, “But I’m glad there’s time for Eggnog.”
He got the impression Dean was not usually one to talk about his feelings. The slight awkwardness when Dean had arrived that morning, given what they’d shared the night before, had given him the tip off, and he’d decided to keep the conversation on a casual line.
“Yes, a
And so he jumped.
“It’s all right.” Dean froze, before picking his leather jacket off the couch and brushing it off, his ears a little reddened. “You’ll soon learn in this family.”
Charlie whooped. Garth broke into applause and started muttering something about balloons.
“What the hell’s happened here?” Bobby’s frown deepened.
“Jesus, Balthazar!” Castiel shook his head. Was there no end to the liberties Balthazar would take? “Were you seriously watching porn in my closet?”
“Sam would do
Mrs Mancini stepped closer, and Castiel wrinkled his nose at the deluge of sour alcohol.
“And he was,” said Castiel. “Very very drunk. On the night he graduated.”
No houses in sight, no trucks or even cars going past. No phone. He can walk to town. Only a couple of miles. Easy.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
Castiel stared at her blankly.
Sam, Sam had taken everything. And Dean had given everything he had. But Dean was already continuing, his fists clenched on the seat.
“It’s fucking ugly.”
“I’ve got one.” Fingering Sam’s key in his pocket, Castiel waited for Dean to pull into a space and park. “You’ve been before, I take it.”
Jesus. What was wrong with him.
So he stalled.
A barbed wire fence ran between the yard and the sidewalk, but within the fence he could see faded garage doors, with some kind of office, maybe even an apartment, above. Scattered across the muddy forecourt immediately beyond the gates were a couple of old Shell signs and a gas pump, circa 1960 or thereabouts. It was all very retro, except obviously genuine.
—stared back.
“It’s all right—” Castiel began, but Ellen interrupted him.
“Take Ellen home,” said the red-headed doctor, after sitting her on a chair in the hall, and listening to her heart with a stethoscope. “She should be in bed.”
She’s being much more gentle than Dean or even Sammy would be. When he gets a cut at the garage he doesn’t go pussyfooting around with antiseptic wipes, and gauze. He’s even, on the odd occasion, tried to suture himself.
“You need someone to fuss over you. With Sam down, you haven’t got anyone!”
“I know for a fact that Ellen Harvelle and Bobby Singer would not dream of letting the man who saved Sam’s life spend Christmas alone. Whoever he was.”
“We’ll be fine. She’s family.”
Fifteen minutes later, Sammy is definitely going to rip the piss, because Dean should be at Bobby’s or at least the garage by now, but he’s not, thanks to some fuckin’ idiot who can’t handle an SUV, four wheel drive n’all, forcing them into a ditch. And now Baby will have to cope with the indignity of a tow.
Ellen, so warm and vibrant, so welcoming, so clearly the sun around which the rest of the family orbited. How had this family found its way into his heart, so quickly and so entirely?
wanted him to attend? It was selfish, using their desperation to fulfil his need for a family, but the light and laughter from within just looked so
Dean watched as Jess showed him some other movements to work through, explaining the reasoning behind each exercise, and bamboozling them both with anatomy terms. Castiel watched from his new position by the door, loathe to leave, but certain he shouldn’t be getting involved. That
“Sorry.” Dean touched his arm, his face contrite. “You must be disappointed. But remember, you’ve already saved his life, you’ve done enough.”
Dean Winchester was
The ugliest
“Well fucked?”
He’d done enough therapy to know that usually, after revealing far too much about himself to someone, he retreated, licking his wounds in private, dreading the pity in their eyes. But this morning, all Ellen had had to say was ‘should we phone and see if Castiel wants to choose his car?’ and Dean was up volunteering to pick the guy up and ship him uptown like some fairy princess that needed a carriage.
“I can’t leave Sam,” Ellen protested as Jo went to help her on with her coat. “Not like this, not
“Ahhhhhh!”
“Not tonight Balthazar”—never if he had anything to do with it, but it didn’t do to upset his landlord— “I’ve got to feed Gypsum and get back to the hospital.”
“Hang on a minute, Dean.” Bobby appeared at his elbow, his bleary eyes worried. “Don’t go making a scene here.”
either.”
“Okay.”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean indicated left and waited for a gap in the traffic. “Yeah, I guess you could say that. Not gonna happen though.”
Jess chuckled. “This is more like an oil change, really. In fact if you move his arms like this…” She demonstrated expertly. “Then that will get the synovial fluid in his joints flowing.”
“What attracted you to Sam, then Castiel?”
another car .” He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel. “So that wouldn’t work. Look, Dean. These are beautiful…” He shook his head, pushing down the temptation. “Really,
“Bitter?”
“And she wasn’t bothered 'bout that?”
on the track?” whispered the blonde girl, and they all turned back to gaze at Castiel.
Castiel exhaled slowly.
“Dean’s the last person to worry about that.”
Castiel sucked in breath.
As soon as the surgeon had finished his poking around, humming and checking the oxygen supply, Dean turned to group chat to share the news with the rest of the family. Of course, Ellen immediately started planning a party in Sam’s room that damn evening, sending them all a flurry of messages about defrosting the extra turkey and looking for someone to collect more wine from the liquor store. And when Jo started using the group chat to argue that Ellen should be taking it easy, Dean decided to bow out before he could get dragged into a family row.
He cast a quick glance at Cas. Cas, sitting demurely in the seat beside him, his hands folded into his lap, his eyes on the horizon, his brow marked with a deep frown. Cas with the… the
Castiel sat back on his stool and frowned. He hadn’t intended to be sarcastic but he went back through the conversation—if it could be called that—to check.
"Yeah, probably sounds crazy, but she predicts the future. I'm not superstitious, of course, but somehow that woman has been right every single time.” A thought struck him, and he turned quickly to Ellen. “Have you told her about Sam yet?”
“She… she made a boyfriend up.”
Hannah bit into her own hotdog, squirting mustard out the end, which she caught on her finger. “So, about the Employee of the Month…”
The buzzing came to a sudden halt, when Mrs Mancini appeared in the hallway, slightly the worse for wear, dressed in a stained satin neglige and swaying from side to side.
Castiel shrugged. “She thought it would be better to keep it going until Sam regains consciousness.”
The rest of the evening continued in the same vein, with plenty of alcohol, delicious food and rowdy company. It was so utterly, completely different from his memories of his own family, that Castiel was left bewildered and envious in equal measure.
“Spit it out,” he said, folding his arms. “I’m not gonna tell the kid.”
Dean stared back.
In fact given he really ought to learn how to say no more generally.
, but, er only if... “ He coughed. “Well, I think you’d better look yourself.”
“Dean doesn’t even let
Castiel stepped forward. “I—I can stay, Mrs Harvelle, if you’ll go home and rest.”
Castiel shrugged, and backed off, giving him a little more space. “It’s fine if you do like girls, I’ve got no problem with that at all—but from what you’ve said, about the need to overplay it, and not having had any girlfriends for a few years, I wondered, did you really like those other girls, or was it a cover?”
He glanced at Ellen again, beseechingly this time and then went for it. He held out both hands, cupped towards himself as though pulling Sam towards him.
“Don’t tease, Jo! You know how much the Impala means to Dean. Did you hit black ice?” Ellen asked sympathetically. “Bobby said the back routes were treacherous. You should have taken the main road, on a day like today, Dean.” She patted his arms, as though checking for injury. “Are you
, this piece of—you think
helpful at times, and he meant well, he just always assumed that Castiel was as interested in no-strings sex as he was. As far as Balthazar seemed to see it, they were both single—in Castiel’s case a permanent state, and in Balthazar’s weekly—therefore why not?
Castiel fought off the instinct to cover his crotch.
“Crowley.” The short, stocky man shuffled the cardboard box in his arms, and thrust out a hand. “A pleasure to meet you. Suppose you must be this surprise fiance everyone’s talking about.”
Dean wandered off into the living room, and left alone, Castiel gazed down at the cat.
Leaning over, Dean grabs him, captures lips suddenly, in only one day, familiar.
Castiel shook his head. “I wanted to, but we couldn’t afford it and I couldn’t go so far from my dad, so a scholarship wasn’t even an option. I started at a community college instead, but when my dad got ill, I left to look after him. I’ve got no real qualifications at all.”
Jess shrugged and picked up Sam’s chart. “I might be breaking patient confidentiality here, but, well, your family seem pretty well off, and you, well…” Her quick glance at his battered jeans and tatty plaid said it all. “It’s just, when Sam was brought in, Castiel came too, but he was very anxious about the treatment costs. We did the basics, but he needs physical therapy really. It seems a shame that he’s hurt himself saving Sam and I just thought…well, maybe you could check whether he’s ok for money.” She lowered her voice. “He told me he couldn’t afford the deductible.”
He sighed. “All right. Benny was—”
But Dean was not beaten yet, as he set his jaw, and raised an eyebrow.
“What?” It’s a little defensive, very Cas.
Squinting, Dean turned slowly to face him, an unreadable expression on his face.
“Oh, er, Castiel.”
She disagreed, and he found himself with a number of scratches before he managed to get the catnip mouse back. Rinsing his wounds under the tap, he checked his watch. It was seven o’clock and the hospital was halfway between his place and Sam’s flat, the details of which he’d looked up the other night, before deciding it was too intrusive to actually go there, however nosy he was feeling.
