“Good Lord, Wiggins!” I cried. “What are you on about?”
And I never returned to the seminary.
I found myself before an unadorned edifice with not even a small marker to identify it. But from Holmes’ book I knew it to be the Denham, a block of exclusive rooms for wealthy gentlemen, many of them officials in Whitehall, members of Parliament, or peers of the realm. An unsmiling usher in a plain blue uniform greeted me as if I had been expected and directed me to the second floor.
But Mick’s tabby simply blinked and then stretched, moving off my chest and jumping off the bed.
“No,” said Holmes. “That will not do.” He stepped to the next door and opened it. “In here.”
I winced at Mick’s misplaced fervor. No doctor on earth could help Dilly Mitchell. His consumption had been brewing for a long time and even in the best of circumstances and with the finest treatments I doubt he could have been cured.
No matter that I was going to leave him forever the next day, tonight he demanded my aid.
“Oh, goody.” Holmes took one last puff on his cigarette. “Avanté, my good man!”
Now Sherlock Holmes is many things – a machine of logic and deduction, a loyal friend, and a boon companion. But, alas, he’s a menace with firearms. He can get off a decent shot once in a blue moon, but otherwise he’s more likely to shoot himself in the foot than the criminal he is aiming at. Which is why carrying the revolver has always been my responsibility.
“This way,” he said, directing me to the stairway.
Holmes and I had been patronizing this establishment for years, but I had never been there on my own. I was greeted at the door by the manager, Mr. Ozmet, and directed to the changing room. One of the regular attendants, Ivan, took my clothes and presented me with a large white Turkish towel, which I wrapped around myself.
And certainly not for...
“Yes,” said Holmes, lost in his remembrance. “He was an expert on crime and criminals and he sparked an interest in me as well. He subscribed to the ‘Police Gazette’ and we read it avidly. He also ordered legal histories and accounts of old cases and we studied them together, conjecturing. How had the crime been committed? How had the criminal been apprehended? And where had he gone wrong? The only thing we did not linger on was the punishment. My tutor did not like to discuss punishment. But I learned much during that time – things that started me on what was to become my career – the detecting of crime.”
James left the room and Holmes settled on the edge of the bed. He reached out, very tentatively, and touched my head, my hair. Then my cheek. And then he bent over me and kissed me. “Good God, Watson – never do that to me again!”
“Mr. Holmes! Dr. Watson! I must speak with you!”
“Oh, Doctor!” said Mrs. Jenkins, the housekeeper. “Your tub is ready. James and Henry have filled it for you. Mr. Lovell says you and Mr. Sherlock are leaving in the morning.”
“Nonsense, my boy!” She pressed it into my hand. “You would not begrudge an old woman her will, would you?”
I must have blacked out momentarily, for when I opened my eyes I was face down on the pavement, with Holmes on top of me. He rolled to the side and seized me in his arms.
“We both had a pleasant walk.”
The moment I stepped into the gallery on Bond Street and handed Holmes’ invitation to the attendant, I knew I had made a dreadful miscalculation. But it was too late for retreat.
“Better than the view Wiggins is currently enjoying,” Holmes remarked. “I see no cat.”
The door of a public house opened and I heard music. I lengthened my stride and moved onward.
The Irishman. I would give anything to be free of him. “Will he ever return, I wonder?”
“How could you think such a thing? How could you ever...”
Holmes’s keen eyes raked the room. “That cupboard.” He pointed to a small door in the wall, which was slightly ajar. “He nudged it open and reached inside. “Damn it!” He cried and quickly withdrew his hand. “We have found Wiggins’ pet, Watson.”
Something crept up my spine, like I’d seen a snake. “No. I’m a free Englishman. I profess no religion – anymore.”
“And blasphemous to boot!” I appended.
I eyed my dinner companion. “This is a pleasant surprise.”
“Well, Watson. There’s no need to sound so pleased about it,” Holmes said, more than a little peeved. “Besides, Mycroft and I are not bastards. My parents were quite legally wed in the parish church not far from here. My father was the one with the sketchy provenance. My grandfather always claimed that after his noble wife died – of a broken-heart not long after the early, lamented death of their heir at age 14 – he and Mademoiselle Vernet married in Paris. But no one ever saw the proof of it.”
The Irishman’s gallery. “Yes,” I said tightly. “I know of it.”
“Dangerous?” Was it that bad, then? Was something – or someone – swiftly bearing down upon the Irishman? No – bearing down upon us, for now I was one with my master. His fate was now my own fate.
He lit the cigarette and drew in the smoke, a look of bliss on his quizzical face. “Ah! Better than food. Better than a holiday in the South of France. Almost better than...” He glanced at me. “No, nothing is better than sex. Or good sex. Or a hit of heroin. But both are forbidden in here, so I must make due with my smoke. They allow me four cigarettes a day. I have to appeal to the matron for them every morning.”
I turned my face away. I could not look at him, it was too raw. “You knew I was going to Moriarty. And you knew I had offered myself to him to save your life.”
“But we are not at war here in London!” she said, wringing the handkerchief in anguish. “Please say that you will not place yourself in jeopardy in the future! I could not bear it if something happened to you, Doctor! Please do not think me too forward to confess such feelings.”
“I wouldn’t call it particularly Christian,” Holmes replied, finally betraying the hint of a grin. “But my given name is indeed Sherlock.”
“Oh!” exclaimed Miss Morstan. “Do tell us some of those stories, Doctor! I am longing to hear of your brave exploits!”
“We will all do our best. It’s only until Mick gets out of... I mean, until Mr. Wiggins returns.”
The rain had begun to fall in earnest when the carriage with the crest drew up to the front door. The black horses that pulled it tossed their heads nervously and I did not blame them – apprehension was in the air that morning. The somber servants loaded the trunks and valises while the Irishman paced back and forth, his eyes fixed on the main road before the house, as if he were expecting someone.
And now was the time. “But you might. That is, if I had something you truly desired.”
Collins nodded. “This way.”
“Yes, sir,” Lovell answered, his jaw tight. “I will have James light the fire for the doctor.”
“An empire?” My heart went cold with horror.
I entered it and ordered a pint.
And so I was left in an untenable position.
He winced. “I smoked a little of the Mexican weed. It soothes the senses.”
“Here,” he said, holding out a small glass of wine. “This is quite a fine burgundy. You will find it relaxing, I’m sure.”
“Thank God,” he breathed, stumbling back to the sofa.
And seeing that boy, Young Griffith, brought to such despair that he would wish to take his own life shook me to the very core.
“He’s a fine dog. My old dad is the head groom and he has a bull terrier who guards the stable, but he’s not half as fine as this dog. He’s a real John Bull, he is.”
That stopped me cold. “Wait... what did you say? His Lordship?”
“The Guv!” he stated, as if it was obvious. “Mr. Sherlock Holmes! Who else?”
That did not mean the Diogenes Club, but Mycroft’s personal rooms in Pall Mall. I knew they were very near the club, which was also in that street, but I had never been there. Mycroft was a secretive and solitary fellow, not given to extending invitations even to his brother and his brother’s longtime compatriot.
Hearing Holmes speak of the Irregulars made me think of Mick Wiggins. I did not want to be reminded once again of that quizzical young fellow, but he always seemed to be intruding upon my thoughts.
“Sheridan?” I said, my memory recalling something I’d learned recently in Sussex. “Your brother named that creature after the Seventh Earl of Sherringford?”
Holmes jumped up, gleefully rubbing his hands together. “Capital! Get dressed and we’ll go over to see it posthaste!”
“I never thought Zeus was particularly known for his intellect,” I pointed out. “His virility, yes, but not intellect.”
“Sherringford Hall?” I’d been there as a lad on a school trip. It was one of the great houses in the south of England. The seat of the Earls of Sherringford. “But... your brother?” I didn’t know what else to say.
“The first... week. But... how?”
“And he is, as my brother warned me, a very poor loser,” Holmes said as he endeavoured to stand. “And I have been wounded, Watson. That much is certain. I think that... that...” He paused, swaying, and then fell back onto the cushions in a dead faint.
“Please, Holmes,” I pleaded. “As my friend, I beg you – let us quit this place! I cannot stay here another moment!”
He looked away, unable to meet my eyes. “I don’t know. I... I wasn’t sure you wanted my company.”
I frowned. “That isn’t laced with opium, is it?”
I’d been born and raised in Greenwich, to a family solidly suburban and middle class – doctors, solicitors, and teachers going back well into the Victorian Era. We were comfortably well-off, but money was never flaunted or discussed, so it was a shock when my father died and left only enough for my education, while my brother swiftly liquidated the family assets, grabbed his share, and bundled his wife and children off to Australia, where, except for rare visits to see her parents in Lewisham, they’ve remained ever since.
But I shook him off. I am not an old man, no matter how I might look to a mere stripling like James. I’m not even near to 40 – still six years younger than Holmes, who leaps and prowls like an alley cat, not to mention trading blows with the bare-fisted ruffians in places like Alison’s and the Box.
Bloody love.
“It’s for Wiggins,” Holmes added.
“How did you take it when you heard that Mr. Sherlock shot you with your own gun?” James said ingenuously.
“This is much better,” he said with a satisfied smirk.
“Nothing,” I replied. “Thank you, James.”
“Is his testimony so valuable?” I asked. “What does he know?”
“Please, sir! Let me practice on you!” James begged. “I keep hoping His Lordship – I mean, Mr. Mycroft – will take me to London and let me valet for him. I do for him whenever he’s here, but that’s almost never! I know if he took me to London I’d serve him right proudly.” James shook his head in frustration. “Anything to get out of this blasted old house! Will you please allow me, sir?”
“Let him go!” cried Holmes. I could just see his figure emerging from behind the hedge, my Colt revolver gripped in his extended right hand, taking aim. “For the love of God, Moriarty!”
“Yes,” said Charles. “And Claude Warwick and Aldie Bancroft, all members of our set but with nothing to do with the boy’s violation. We were made scapegoats, Mr. Holmes, while Reggie Avonmore was spared! His father is the Duke of St. Austell and the college turned a blind eye to the real culprit for fear of angering such a powerful peer. Reggie took a brief holiday on the Continent and is currently back at Magdalen, seducing everyone within his grasp. It’s not fair!”
My thoughts turned to Miss Mary Morstan. She was lovely. And kind. And she stirred my blood. I was not one of those men who could not stomach the company of women. I liked women and had loved many of them through the years, from London to Italy to Alexandria to India and back again. Loved them, yes. But had I ever been in love with one? So I had believed, but in retrospect I knew that I had not. I could not feel about a female the same way I felt about...
We walked out from Baker Street. It was a glorious day – rainy April was ending and May promised to be sunny and satisfying.
“Unfortunately, Mick and Dilly are being held pending charges for a very serious crime,” I acknowledged. “Their health is not a crucial issue to the authorities.”
I waited until the Irishman was in a sweetened mood before I broached the subject, laying out my rationale for this study and pointing out that having a personal physician would serve him well – he would never need to wonder if he could trust a stranger with his life and well-being. Needless to say, he did not immediately agree to my proposition, but he could see the advantages to it.
“Keep watch over him, Doctor,” Mrs. Jenkins entreated me. “Mr. Sherlock never had anyone who cared for him enough to do that. But I think you care enough. As a friend, I mean,” she added quickly. “A good and kindly friend.”
“This is not to be tolerated!” Lestrade barked. “These are my prisoners, Mr. Holmes. We are only waiting for the conveyance to take them away. You have no right to question them!”
“Of course,” said Lovell. “It is always in order for Mr. Mycroft.”
“Yes,” said the housekeeper. “There’s a small portrait of the Mademoiselle in the Earl’s bedroom in the other wing, painted by her brother. They say she came from a family of famous artists over in France. Mr. Osric certainly loved to make pictures. There are boxes and boxes of drawings and paintings he and his lady made on their travels, but they are stored away and no one looks at them nowadays.”
“That’s not the half of it,” Thommie said. “It’s a rum game. Everyone knows he didn’t do...” The boy hesitated. “What they say he did. But who’ll believe the likes of us? It makes me afraid for him.”
“Oh, an Affirmation!” Holmes returned. “You mean you want me to tell everyone how happy I am to be here, like dear Betty. And how I look forward to being cured of what society deems bad for me so that I may join the grateful throng of drones who perpetually do what is appropriate. Is that what you want me to say?”
“When I need to,” I said, my voice steady.
“We all have our weaknesses,” I said softly. “Nothing is so shameful that releasing it won’t make it better. Confession eases the soul.”
“Balderdash!” he snorted, looking out the window and puffing on his pipe. “I did no such thing.”
We followed the major into the house and up the stairs to a large, well-lighted chamber. A man was lying on the bed, the bedclothes pulled up and almost covering his face. Two females stood by, clutching handkerchiefs: the older, a small woman with greying auburn hair whose face was contorted with crying, and the younger, a tall dark-haired girl whose mein was more stoic. Mother and daughter, to be sure. A knot of servants stood behind them, seemingly at a loss for what to do.
“Didn’t Mrs. Hudson have any errands for you this morning?” I said as we turned down York Street.
Yes, that was my type – witty and beautiful blonde women. And dark, brooding, brilliant and impossibly difficult men. That was my lamentable fate.
Chapter 8
“It’s good to see you eating heartily,” Mrs. Hudson said with a smile. “Unlike Mr. Holmes. He rushed out of here so fast he barely took any tea. And he pulled young James away with his breakfast only half finished.”
“N... no!” And the young gentleman began to weep piteously.
“But what if they catch us?”
“So what, then?”
“So do I,” I whispered. “I care about you. But I don’t know what to do about it.”
“I did have those terrors,” I said. “When the battle would return to me and wake me. It was all too real. Even now those mountains will come back to me and I’ll awake in an icy sweat.”
But that doesn’t mean I’ve lived my adult life in penury – far from it. The Army served me in good stead – at least until I was invalided out. And before that I had a brush with someone who had his share of the filthy lucre. More than his share, actually. And more than just a brush I must confess. It was my only real relationship – one that was as difficult and passionate and painful and ultimately bollocks-breaking as any I could imagine. Which made me leery of the kind of privilege Holmes was so nonchalantly presenting to me.
“Certainly, Lady Percy,” I stood and pulled out a chair for her. She looked older and sadder, but perhaps that memory is only a mirror of my own melancholy mood.
I headed first into Germany. I knew a bit of the language and had read Goethe, being the Romantic that I was, so I walked through that land wide-eyed, taking in the mountains and valleys, the gingerbread villages and fairy-tale castles. And everywhere I found congenial ladies. Or, shall I say, they found me.
“I told you he hates to lose,” said Mycroft as the monkey clambered up the draperies, hooting and shaking his hairy fist.
I took a step and felt the cramp seize me. Damnation!
I leaned towards my companion. “I say, Holmes, I don’t want to cause the servants any undue difficulty.”
And he walked off towards the boat without looking back.
“I crave society,” I said softly. “I crave...”
“I said to be still!” I returned. And, to my amazement, he was still – for the moment.
“His empire is in a shambles,” Holmes stated dismissively. “Most of his minions are in custody or on the run. His fortune, his properties, and his extensive criminal holdings in the London underworld have all been revealed to Scotland Yard, thanks to yours truly, if I may be so humble. And, if they don’t make a complete cock up of the prosecution, Moriarty’s power base has been shattered, like Humpty Dumpty, never to be put back together again.”
“A long time, Doctor,” Mick admitted. “She always was frail, but she got worse lately. She lost her voice and couldn’t sing no more. That’s when Bill Fisher said we should turn the screws on old Charlie Griffith and get money off him. Because we all knew Dilly was going down and she’d need money for medicine if she didn’t want to end up in the Workhouse.”
The Irishman – Moriarty – had been Holmes’ tutor. Had been the man who seduced him. Raped him. Had been the man who turned his head to the study of crime. And had also been the man who broke his heart – who forever made him fear to reach out, fear to release his tender emotions. The man who made him afraid to love.
“The night’s work? Whatever do you mean?”
I opened my eyes and saw Holmes’ face. “Thank God!” I sobbed. “Thank God!”
“Doctor,” Wiggins pleaded. “You’ll do somethin’, won’t you? You must!”
An elegant female in a fur wrap came by, walking an imperious-looking white poodle. The dogs touched noses and Gladstone wagged his stump, making acquaintance. The female likewise looked me up and down. She was too forward to be quite a lady, but too well-dressed and bejeweled to be a woman of the town, therefore I surmised that she was a denizen of St. John’s Wood, that nearby enclave of houses owned by wealthy men but lived in by women who are not their wives.
“No regrets?” He stared at me with incredulity. “I offered you wealth, a life of leisure and pleasure. You were pampered and catered to. You had everything you could wish for!”
“I also have been pondering this dismal affair,” said Holmes. “Tomorrow I wish to question him further. I only fear his father will hinder me. The major and I did not part on the best of terms.”
“I cannot,” I said.
“And you liked this new tutor?” I asked.
“He knew,” said Holmes. “But the boy assured him it was merely a youthful indiscretion and that he had finished with such depraved activities. Then Charles lodged himself in London with the intention of petitioning for readmittance to his college. In fact, he was still running wild with his friends from Oxford. And these young gentlemen had introduced him to the more sordid pleasures of the City, including those offered by places such as the Bishop’s Nose and the Black Cat.”
“They build,” Holmes asserted. “Their hives are amazing works of architecture. And the honey they create is sweeter than any food man can devise. When I was a lad I used to spend hours observing their comings and goings. Mankind would do well to emulate them.”
“And there is little hidden between a master and his servant, as you attested before,” I remarked. “So why would a gentleman of good family want to end his life? A young man with seemingly all the attributes society deems necessary for happiness? Exceeding good looks, fortune, two loving parents, a fine home – what more could be desired?”
“Doctor? Can you hear me? Doctor?”
I stood there, my mind telling me to flee, while my body was willing me to press forward. Holmes, goddamn him, had left me in this situation. Abandoned me to what he must have known was my fatal weakness. The mortal sin I could not deny.
“Quite,” I said.
“Lady in Blue,” I read. “By Emile Jean Horace Vernet.”
“What the devil is happening?” I asked.
I followed the lad out of the Salisbury, up St. Martin’s Lane and then towards Charing Cross and the warren of alleys between that thoroughfare and nearby Covent Garden. We paused before a nondescript building and Wiggins pushed open the door and trotted up the stairway, beckoning me.
“Yes, sir.” Lovell’s words agreed, but his face expressed a contrary opinion.
“Take me to Piccadilly,” I said.
“No!” I replied too quickly. “I don’t want you go. I’m just... concerned.”
The Irishman’s hand grasped mine and squeezed it. “Do not think of him! I forbid it!”
I hesitated at the main entry, but at Holmes’ urging I plunged inside and up the narrow stairs to the first floor. “This is the room.”
“By the way,” said Holmes as a Parthian shot. “What the devil happened to my good china cup?”
But I refused to enter into such a conversation.
“Oh, I took food over to the gaol while you were still in bed,” said James. “I wouldn’t want to be shut up in that grim place, Doctor. Mick seems chipper enough, but I can tell he’s scared. And Dilly – she, I mean he, I mean...” James shook his head. “Dilly is so ill. I don’t think he eats much of it.”
“I didn’t,” said Holmes. “But it’s in Baker Street. 221b, to be precise.”
“And the way you see fit has caused your son to try to hang himself,” said Holmes, taking out his pipe and lighting it. “So that has worked well, hasn’t it?”
Captain Phillips was an easy patient, a bluff old retired soldier whose main disorder was an elevated blood pressure. He also seemed a lonely fellow. A widower, he lived with his daughter and son-in-law, and spent most of his time at his club. Mrs. Hudson brought in tea and I offered him a cup, which he gladly accepted. We had a nice chat about India and the state of the empire and he was surprised to hear that I’d been at Maiwand.
Holmes and Dr. Watson carry out a request.
“I... I don’t know.” I threw another look at Holmes, but he continued puffing without saying a word.
I followed Ivan to the warming room, where I sat as he banked up the steam. I began to perspire freely and could feel my muscles loosen and the tension drain from my body.
“What?” I was hardly able to form thoughts let alone articulate words. “What is it that you want?”
“What in the devil are you talking about?” I said with no little frustration.
“But...” James then spooned some broth into me.
Miss Morstan’s face turned melancholy. “He died a number of years ago.” She hesitated. “It’s a sad story. Perhaps we may speak of something else?”
“To the major’s mind it is,” said Alfie, lowering his voice. “It’s blackmail, Doctor.”
“I don’t know,” said Charles, squirming. “She called him her brother, although they look nothing alike. Dilly is fair as the sun, while her brother is dark.”
My eyes went wide. “How do you know about those men?”
“Well, John,” she said, getting directly to the matter at hand. “You’re ready to leave us, I see.”
“My needs have been quite well satisfied,” sighed Holmes, reaching for his pipe. “A brief nap and I will be refreshed and ready for more, I vow.”
We waited for the taxi to arrive, then the two of us carried down my possessions. The landlady, her son, and daughter-in-law came out to watch the fun. They especially took note of Holmes, his attire, and the Jaguar.
“Are you not sleeping well again?” Her kindly face was full of empathy.
“John Watson.” I extended my hand politely.
“Drink this,” he said.
“She won’t need to last very long,” said Lestrade. “This is an open and shut case. Look at his hands, Mr. Holmes. Covered in blood they are. He’s the murderer and the other is his helper. They’ll both swing for it – and promptly, too.”
“John, calm yourself!” Holmes admonished. “I fear that telling you everything will only upset you. And you need quiet to heal properly.”
“I was still quite ill at that time, having been recently wounded,” I said, and then fell into an awkward silence.
“Like your brother?” he sniped.
“A trifle under the weather,” I replied. “I think I shall repair to the library and take my ease for the afternoon. Perhaps I’ll feel better this evening.”
Finally, the superior there took pity on me and sent me to Amsterdam. I think he was afraid I’d die it I did not taste of the sins of the flesh at least once before I professed my solemn vows.
But the truth was that I wanted badly to live there. The thought of returning to Earl’s Court and the dark and musty bedsit was more than I could endure.
“Quiet!” said James. “That’s a good lad! You don’t want to wake your master.”
“Do not stop!” The Irishman shouted to the driver and the other servant. They jumped from the carriage box and examined something. “Move onward! We are losing time!”
I could not and so I was a coward.
“Me?” Holmes looked shocked at the thought. “Buy a wardrobe? Good Lord, no! It’s probably something Mycroft brought up from the house in Sussex. That’s where most of these pieces came from. The old pile is crammed with tables and chairs and God only knows what. All you have to do is request something different and I’m sure it can be sent right up.”
But the irony of the situation was that I was making real progress in my treatment. My physical need for the narcotics had been broken and my psychological desire for them was waning. I could once again remember how I’d felt before I became addicted. My head was clear and my body surprisingly free of pain. During the time I’d anesthetized myself into oblivion, my leg and shoulder had been healing.
I had never been under the influence of an opiate before and found the experience terrifying in itself. For I was not senseless  – in fact, I was all too aware of what was happening to me. But it was as if I were under water, trying to swim through a morass of vivid greens and blues, like I was breathing a fetid but enticing swamp.
Holmes coughed. “You mean the admirable Mr. Carson? We did not see eye-to-eye and so agreed to part company after a mere two days as confidants. He left in rather a hurry, hurling threats to – how did he so colorfully phrase it? Oh, yes – ‘kick my bleeding, cocksucking arse from here to Slough.’”
“But what if it sinks? And what if I’m sick?” Poor Mick was already looking green.
Then I opened my eyes.
“No,” I said to myself. “Never.”
“But...” Another spoonful of broth went in.
Holmes paid the driver while I stood on the pavement, regarding the building that had been my home for eight happy and exciting years. Then he came and stood beside me.
“You mean the Earl’s mistress’ family? The Vernets?”
“Dr. Watson – what time is it?”
Holmes and Watson meet their contact.
“Alfred...” Charles Griffith suddenly rasped out. “Do not... tell!”
“He should have called a doctor immediately,” I huffed.
“Here.” Holmes took out a handful of coins. “This should be enough to secure both Mr. Wiggins’ and Mr. Mitchell’s rooms. And if anyone else comes looking for them, would you send word to me at 221b Baker Street? I’ll make it worth something to you.”
“I know what I was,” I said. “And I know what I am. I am aware of the passage of time. But I am not an immortal who can make it stand still.”
“You have a scar, sir,” said James. His finger lightly touched the line transversing my shoulder that was still red even after so many years.
The steam whistle blew, calling any stragglers to board.
“And one more thing...”
“And I am likely never to get out of here at all. Or else...” I felt his mouth against my neck. “Fred told you that they threatened me with prison, didn’t he?”
Mrs. Stamford brought forth her opinion of some new novel by Lady Constance Lawrence that was all the fashion among the women, but neither Stamford nor I had read the thing, so we let the ladies hash it out among themselves. Mrs. Stanford was of the opinion that it was quite wonderfully true to life, while Miss Morstan felt the plot was rife with coincidences that beggared credulity.
“Yes, yes. But let’s hurry. The child might be in pain.”
“Dilly,” said Charles. “Dilly Mitchell. She entertained on the stage there. Sang so sweetly that it touched my heart. And she is beautiful, too, with yellow hair and cornflower blue eyes. The moment I saw her I felt... felt something I had never felt before in my life.”
Our relationship was just as strong, just as companionable, as it had ever been, but with a marked difference. My feelings for him were no longer as for a friend, but for a lover.
I hope you have enjoyed the ride!
“Then ignore it,” I suggested.
The trap was waiting for us to ascend.
“I’m sending him back to Sussex tomorrow,” Holmes muttered. “He’s always underfoot.”
“Some gentlemen are shy,” said Thommie, stripping off his trousers and standing only in his shirt. “Your mate will come around. He can watch a bit to put himself in the mood. I saw him watching me at the Cockerel. I saw him licking his lips. He’ll be a goer once he gets started.”
“So the boy, and so the man,” I remarked.
Insufferable! “Then why did you not take this room to begin with and give me the other?”
“Good-night, sir,” he said, turning down the gas lamps. “Ring if you need anything in the night.”
“Sit here, Watson,” he said, indicating the place directly next to him. “Lovell is sure to seat you at the far end of table, as if we are at a dinner party for the Ambassador from Mongolia – with you to be seated as if you were IN Mongolia, no doubt.”
“But Doctor, you can’t go hungry!” James had obviously appointed himself my guardian.
Major Griffith strode in behind Alfie, snorting like a crazed bull. “I thought I told you to keep away from my house, Sherlock Holmes!”
“I have,” he replied. “At first dawn, before we left Sherringford, I sent telegrams to a variety of my contacts. I should be hearing back from them in due course.”
I finished my pint and caught an omnibus that took me back to Baker Street.
“You are not fine,” she said, her eyes glittering. “You cannot be fine! Not with this... person.”
Watson meets an old acquaintance.
“Of course you do, Charles,” Holmes asserted. “Now that your mother has retired and your father is nowhere in sight, you will tell me all.”
James shook his head sadly. “Poor Mr. Charles will have his heart broke if anything happens to Dilly. She may be a Mary-Ann, but I think she’s a gentle soul underneath. I hope Mr. Holmes gets both her and Mick out of the clink soon.”
I knew James was obliquely referring to the blackmail plot that had caused Charles Griffith to attempt to take his own life. The servants at Campton knew all, which meant that their compatriots at Sherringford knew all as well. There was undoubtedly not a kitchen or stable in all of West Sussex that did already have intelligence of the entire sad story.
“I’m only attempting to ascertain the situation,” Holmes said calmly.
“Mick?” I said. “Are he and Dilly out of gaol?”
The train ride to Liverpool was full of anxiety. At every stop on the way I expected a contingent of constables to enter our First Class compartment with handcuffs. But we reached the seaport without incident and checked into a hotel near the waterfront.
Broken. Everything now was broken.
“Oh, he’s a grand dog,” said James. “He should be right as rain by the kitchen fire.”
“You seem nervous, sir,” said Thommie, who showed no trace of disquiet at being in a hansom with two strangers on his way to have sexual congress with them. Or so he believed.
“Poker,” said a deep voice behind me. “‘It is an American form of Commerce.”
Of course, James was cheerfully polishing a line of boots as he sat on the floor of the sitting room. Gladstone was scratching himself on the rug beside him.
The words pierced the cloud in my brain. But with consciousness also came pain. And awareness of my dire plight.
“Have you taken anything for the pain?” I asked when I had done.
“The fellow betrayed you,” said Holmes, his eyes glittering. “You are too young to understand the evil in this world, Charles. It often comes in the guise of love, isn’t that so, Watson?”
“No,” Fred said proudly. “John’s made excellent progress.” He paused. “Once certain disreputable elements were... diminished.”
“It is not too late! Finally, we are one mind!” Holmes cried in triumph. But then his expression changed to one of distress. His eyes closed as a spasm of pain went through him.
John's roommate.
“Yes, Mr. Sherlock,” said the butler. “And the cream is from our dairy. Most of the food is from the estate.”
“Do not fail me.”
He tried to make it seem as it everything was fine, but I knew otherwise. The Irishman did not change plans on a whim. Something was wrong. Very, very wrong.
“What are you waiting to hear?” I asked with suddenly apprehension.
I elbowed my way to the front of the throng.
But that control was crumbling, like a wall with a weak foundation, like a building undermined from below and shaken. Shaken to its very essence...
The Irishman’s eyes were like hard, grey agates. “I don’t bargain. You know that already, John.”
The voice was familiar. It was also low, melodious, and very female.
Holmes went to the bed and pulled back the bedclothes. “No sheets.”
I turned my head and looked into his deep, dark eyes. I could see my own blue eyes reflected back at me, like the soul’s true mirror.
A certain lady comes to call.
I loaded the Colt and then I waited.
“Good chap!” I said, encouragingly.
Fred stared at Holmes with genuine loathing. But he was a professional, I must give him that much. “You have been here three months, Sherlock. You know what an Affirmation is!”
“Thank you, Doctor!” Wiggins bent and kissed my hand. “You’re too kind. And you, too, Guv. I know you won’t let me and Dilly down!”
“Where on earth did you get that car?” I laughed. He’d taken me to see the flat in a taxi.
“That explains something Lovell said when we arrived.”
“I thought you were eager to get on with your investigation?” I prompted as I watched him sprawl upon the divan, letter opener in hand.
“They... they have?” My heart was in my throat.
He turned away from me. “Your personal life is your own affair, my dear fellow. I make no judgments upon your actions.”
Dilly died at midnight, holding Charles’ hand.
“I will remember.”
“Drive on, Webb,” he instructed the coachman. “And inform Lovell that we will take a hot breakfast when we reach the Hall, since the major did not see fit to offer us any sustenance.”
“I mean it, my boy. There is no being on earth whose approbation I treasure more,” he returned. He was staring into the dwindling fire, his fine profile sharpened by the shadows of the evening. “You ask if I were ever lonely as a boy. I did not understand then that I was missing the companionship other boys take for granted. Mycroft and I took our singularity as the natural order of things and we turned to each other when we needed the encouragement that might otherwise been offered by a parent or adult mentor. But you have met my brother – he’s not a warm or easy man and he was not warm or easy as a youth. He was not someone in whom I could confide my thoughts or dreams. In fact, I never considered that such a person might exist. A person in whom I could always rely, always trust, and always know that he would forgive, no matter what damnable offense I might commit in my bumbling, blockheaded manner.”
“It’s not fear of the world,” I said. “It is... impossible.”
“What idea could he possibly get?” Holmes said in his infuriatingly calm manner. “What could be more innocent than two men with an intimate connection who have shared an abode for many years lounging companionably together in bed?”
“That is good to know,” said Holmes, raising an eyebrow.
“Were you an artist’s model?” asked Stan, gazing at me with new eyes. “Did you pose in... in the altogether?”
“They are innocent,” I replied.
Bloody hell!
“Oh, no!” James exclaimed. “I’d never do that! I was only wondering. Mick says Dilly’s not feeling so well. I brought them both some of Mrs. Hudson’s food early this morning, but they wouldn’t let me see Dilly. They took the basket, though.”
“Yes, Mr. Sherlock,” said Mrs. Jenkins, none too pleased with this gift.
Ah, if only that had been the case! But the pretense was vital to the moment.
Mrs. Jenkins covered her mouth in forbidden glee. “Oh, Doctor, His Lordship was a Tartar, that he was! But don’t be saying that I told you so!” She moved up the stairs. “Here’s the old gentleman himself.”
Holmes pulled a dark French cigarette out of an engraved case and with it a gold-plated lighter. “Are you sure you don’t wish to join me?”
I smiled. He did not often fall into a parody of the Stage Irishman, but when pressed, as now he seemed to be, his pretenses fell away.
The night was foggy, the yellow air enveloping the streets and giving the gaslights a sickly glow. As I walked up Piccadilly, approaching the Haymarket, I noted that the denizens of the night, both male and female, were out in scores, either strolling back and forth on their own particular patch of pavement, or leaning up against the railings, beckoning with their eager eyes.
Holmes closed his eyes and smiled. “That is what I am just beginning to understand, my very dear and beloved boy.”
“Oh, thank you!” She took out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes. “You are so kind, Doctor.”
My mind was reeling from this dissertation. “Right on all counts. What are you? A mind reader?”
That was no surprise. He’d had no new case in weeks and during such periods of inactivity he often resorted to the anaesthetizing effect of morphine or the false stimulation of cocaine. He was quiet, almost comatose, rather than restless and glittery-eyed, so I posited that he was under the influence of the former.
“I didn’t say it was an expensive stickpin, John,” she said, tapping me lightly with her fan. “An old woman like myself may give gifts to a beautiful young man without fear of scandal, that is the privilege of age. Now go and take refreshment. There is music in the drawing room and cards in the blue salon. Enjoy yourself, my dear.”
“That’s not a simple question,” said Holmes. “But we are not a simple family.”
Watson continues the story of his "education" as a young man.
“Sorry, sir. I didn’t know it hurt you,” said James.
I ate my breakfast and was reviewing the morning papers, wondering how long Holmes and James would be gone, when the girl announced that I had a visitor. To my surprise it was Stamford.
“Yes, the morning,” I said, my mind in turmoil. “Soon morning will be here.”
I considered my options. But I could not abandon my friend after having come this far. I owed him that much. “No. I’ll stay with you.”
Finally, the Irishman opened the carriage door. “You will be taken back to the train station. A compartment has been reserved for you. Tomorrow go to my bank in London. There will be a payment of cash waiting in your name. But spend it wisely – you will get no more from me, John Watson. You will get nothing else from me, do you understand?”
I set down the box and walked to the small window, which looked out on the yard and another building. “Not a very cheerful view.”
“Oh, no!” Stamford cried in dismay. “Never! Not at all. I’d never suggest such a thing.” But the vehement way he was denying it told me that’s exactly what he was suggesting. “I’m only saying that you need to mingle with a wider circle of people. Meeting a few appropriate ladies could not hurt you, Watson. The charming Miss Morstan can be extremely diverting.”
The tone of his voice terrified me even more than his words. I pushed him away. “Get your bloody hands off me! You’re a madman!”
The man pocketed the money and tipped his hat. “I’ll do that, sir. Baker Street. I’ll remember.”
“No, thank you. This is quite sufficient.” I closed my eyes and could not help but remember my first days in India. The heat in that June was stifling to a man who had known chiefly the cool dampness of the British Isles. Although I was heading into a war, I was glad to leave the steam of Bombay for the cool highlands of Afghanistan. Alas, I did not enjoy my sojourn there for long. The next few months after I was wounded are a blur of heat, pain, and misery. I remember sweltering in my bed, the only relief the movement of the orderlies as they lifted the netting to see if I were still alive.
You must discount Holmes’ immense egotism, which can be disconcerting to people who have never observed his powers of deduction at first hand. But I have. And I can only conclude that although it is immodest to state it oneself, Holmes is in actuality a genius of the first order, perhaps the only one it will ever be my privilege to know.
Now I owed him. Owed him more than my miserable life was worth to anyone.
“Or harm him,” I added, knowing that the Irishman would seize on any loophole.
I could also feel his eyes on me, watching from his dim corner, as I packed and then undressed.
“No, I heard you tell Mrs. Hudson. Her voice carries like a foghorn.”
“Our rooms are fine,” Holmes sniffed. “I don’t want meddling strangers snooping about our premises.”
“I thought good Englishmen revered those born in stables?” Holmes sniggered.
James grinned. “Yes, sir! Right away!”
I was jolted from my reverie by a change in the movement of the carriage. The road was rougher and the vehicle shook as it hit one tooth-rattling rut after another.
I frowned. “Air-gun? I’ve never heard of such a thing.”
“If you are determined to kill Sherlock Holmes, then you will likely kill me as well,” I stated. “For I stand with him as close as I can, day and night.”
I unbuttoned his shirt and examined his handiwork.
“What?” I demanded. “What did you know then?”
I swallowed. “Yes. If you make any harm come to her, I’ll kill you in your sleep and then kill myself.”
“Get out!”
“And yet we are criminals,” I said, my eyes fixed on the top of the hill.
Holmes took out his ring of lock-picks. “This should be simple enough. I imagine a firm kick would do just as well.” But he chose an implement and fiddled with the lock for less than a minute before the door swung open.
His eyes shifted nervously. “And what do you think I am?”
“You’ll be able to meet the others, John. I know they’ll make you feel welcome,” Fred said to me. But his gimlet eyes were fixed  on Holmes. “Ta for now.”
I closed my eyes, feeling the rocking of the carriage, the jolt as it hit another rut in the dreary road to Chichester.
Holmes smiled. “You want me to take the pulses of hysterical females and listen to the chests of dyspeptic solicitors, as you do all day? Is that how you would have me use my singular brain?”
We continued our tour, Holmes pointing out the expansive windows that faced east, the new showerhead in the bathroom, and the electric fireplace in the sitting room. I also noted a stack of unpacked boxes in his bedroom, spilling into the hallway.
I laughed out loud for the first time in weeks. “More than satisfactory, you infuriating bastard!”
“Yes,” I breathed. “But don’t stop, for pity’s sake! Not yet!”
“You know me better than that, Watson,” said Holmes.
Eventually the Irishman allowed me to leave the house, but always well-supervised. But I made no attempt to flee. Where would I have escaped to? There was nowhere in London – or even England and beyond – where the Irishman’s reach did not extend. I knew that to cross him would be to forfeit my life, and I was young and still treasured that life, even as I loathed the state of it.
I removed my cape, but noted a tear at the knee of my dress trousers. “I swear, Holmes, you are being overly melodramatic. Look at this! These evening clothes are almost new!”
“Yes,” I said. “You rather did.” The mystery of Holmes’ money was now solved. The Earl of Sherringford owned half of London, or so it seemed. He was also a major power in Her Majesty’s government. That’s how he’d gotten his brother into rehab instead of gaol. Another mystery solved.
Gladstone immediately woofed and waddled over, emitting the fetid odour for which his breed is infamous. He’s becoming ridiculously fat, which is fatal for a bulldog. He lives on a diet of scones, toast crusts, leftover meatpies, and whatever garbage Holmes drops on the floor when he remembers to eat. And the scraps of mutton and bacon Mrs. Hudson saves for him. This is a terrible diet for a man let alone a beast.
“I have the privilege of being not only your friend, but also your physician,” I answered firmly. “I thought the rationale behind this sojourn was rest and recovery of health after the long winter’s siege – my health and yours!”
“You have changed, John,” he whispered. “I hardly knew you. I might have passed you on the street, unnoticed.”
I could do this. I had to do it.
My mother was a beauty. I know many men say that of their mothers, but in my case it was true. I remember her beauty, although she died when I was six, giving birth to a sister who also died. There was a portrait of her that was my father’s pride and joy – it hung in his study and when he was out I often crept in to gaze at it. She was tall and slender, forever captured in a pale blue dress, her hair as yellow as the sun and her eyes the same shade as the dress. Every person who crossed our door in my childhood stopped and stared at me, exclaiming, “He’s the picture of Marianne! That golden hair and those eyes!” And the women always kissed me and some of them wept, remembering my mother. The servants doted on me, petting me and forever telling me what a pretty lad I was. And I was a happy child, believing the world was in love with me.
“Work keeps me alive,” he said. “And I have much work to do.” The servant was standing behind him and the Irishman nodded to him. “Take Dr. Watson’s bag, and his hat and coat.” The fellow stepped forward and took them from me. “Now give me your cane, John.”
Now I take pride not only in my memory, but also in the copious notes I keep on all the enterprises that Sherlock Holmes embarks upon. Many of these details are of a sensitive nature, involving both high and low. Some of Holmes’ cases are so secret that I often worry for fear they should fall into the wrong hands. But Holmes seems to have no such fear. In fact, he encourages me in my literary endeavors, both the trifling adventure stories that I have offered to the public, as well as the accounts of his cases, which so far have remained private.
In many ways life with him was easy, even pleasant. That is, if you didn’t think too much about what you were doing with him. Or about what the Irishman was doing when he wasn’t with you. I tried not to think about that. I tried to think about pleasure, and presents, and beautiful places – Florence, Venice, Rome, Capri, Paris, Vienna. About handsome clothes and parties and dancing to lively music, surrounded by people who lived only for their own enjoyment, people who were always laughing and drinking and making love.
“I don’t sleep too well, Doctor, and that’s a fact. But it’s mainly Dilly I’m afraid for. She was weak before, but now...” His face fell. “She’s bad, sir. Please do what you can.”
Too... much...
The sun was shining and it was a spring day that other men might have called glorious. Children and their nursemaids were out in legions, running through the grass at the edge of the lake. I let Gladstone off his lead and he romped, as far as it is possible for a dignified bulldog to romp, his massive head dipping into the greenery, taking in the fragrance of the season.
“Thommie?” I was stunned. “That... boy we picked up at the pub? He is one of your spies? And Mick and Dilly, too?”
“That’s what Mick says,” James agreed. “He’s worried, that’s for certain.”
I wasn’t surprised to hear this. That Holmes was the village pariah was already clear.
Holmes’ words were invading my foggy ears, but the meaning made no sense to me. Know all? That was impossible!
And, to my surprise he walked directly over to me. “Credo fatum nos coegisse,” he said.
And straight into the arms of Sherlock Holmes.
“You should not be,” said Holmes. “Consider the owner of this house.”
“Or...” he added with a smile. “Perhaps you thought your young footman had returned to see if he could offer more of his personal services?”
The Irishman opened a door to a side salon. A few gentleman were inside, viewing a selection of smaller studies.
I steadied myself. “If I knew I would not tell you.”
Gladstone and I walked up Baker Street, heading north. We are evenly matched, Gladstone and I. His legs are short but doughty, while mine are long, but mismatched. Especially in this wet weather the pain in my right limb is often acute, hence the necessity of the cane. Nevertheless we proceeded at a brisk pace up the pavement, crossing the Marylebone Road and entering Regent’s Park at the Clarence Gate.
Now I was truly sick with trepidation. Was what Lady Percy said true? I was virtually alone in the world. Did that mean I was ripe to be the victim of every predator who set eyes upon me? For the first time in my life I cursed my good looks and thought I might be a happier fellow if I were plain and unappealing.
I dressed in a blind whirl and was in a hansom with Holmes in less than a half-hour.
“Not since I was nine,” I admitted.
Thommie seemed quite familiar with the place, for he immediately hung up his jacket on a peg and then took off his boots.
“How did get into this bloody room?” I blasted.
But I never ask. Never.
I began to sweat, and not from our previous exertions. “Is that where you place me? Among thieves and murderers?”
“Perhaps... we should wait for my friend to return,” I said, stalling. “With the champagne.”
“You speak of criminals,” I pronounced. “The underworld. Men without morals or respect for society!”
In London we did not go out, except very rarely to the theatre or opera. And no one came to the house, which was as gloomy and oppressive as ever. I went back to my old routine of driving in the carriage, or working out with sword or stick, or taking day trips to some scenic spot, always alone. The Irishman had little desire for sightseeing.
“No. Not yet.”
“So,” said Holmes. “Mr. Michael Wiggins, formerly of the Baker Street Irregulars. And, if am not mistaken, this is Dilly Mitchell, the paramour of our client, Mr. Charles Griffith.”
“Then let me in, for pity’s sake,” I interjected. “Perhaps I can alleviate the poor wretch’s suffering.”
“That is fortunate, for I am not interested in Mr. Wilde in ‘that way’ either,” I replied. “You may tell him I was not insulted by his words. Those pictures are here in London and people will see them. I must resign myself to that fact.”
“Shortly,” said Holmes, relighting his pipe. “I need to puzzle over a few things before I’m ready to be claimed by sleep.”
“Then tell me the truth,” I demanded. “Why do you want me to move in with you? I won’t deceive myself to think you’re madly in love with me.”
“Then it is fate,” said Holmes, reaching for his pipe on the bed-stand.
“Which is why I continue to fight, Watson,” Holmes said. “At least in my own way. Each crime committed is a blot upon society, and each crime solved adds to the good of all.”
Chapter 3
“Please, Holmes!” I cried, feeling sick to my stomach. “Enough!”
I rolled over onto my back. Ivan’s strong fingers flexed my legs, focusing especially on my right, with its damaged tendo Achillis. I flinched slightly, but then relaxed. A firm rub after heat always helped and Ivan knew the exact amount of pressure that was needed. I sighed at the remedy it brought, and my entire being was flooded with a tranquility I had not felt in an age.
“You don’t need no false courage, sir,” said Thommie. “You’re already willing and able.” His hand cupped the front of my trousers. “Like a rock, you are! And I’m ready to have a go. Roddy already loosened me up nicely.”
“We will, my dear boy,” said Holmes.
I stood up slowly – and unsteadily. My leg was stiff. I reached for my cane.
“Don’t be preposterous!” I have always known that Holmes had a depraved streak, but on this trip he seemed particularly determined to provoke me.
“Only reluctantly,” said Holmes. “Major Griffith is, of course, fearful that news of his son’s dilemma will become common knowledge. But most of all, he wishes to keep the ignoble details from the ears of his wife and daughter. That may well prove impossible.”
“I know what I’m doing, my dear boy,” Holmes huffed. “What about that? Does that hurt?”
“I know the Professor did not kidnap you,” he said gently. “I know you turned yourself over to him – or at least you turned your body over to him – voluntarily. And I know why you did it. I should have stopped you before he took you away, but I did not anticipate his henchman wounding me. That threw all my plans into disarray. And I also did not anticipate our... our coming together that night. That was not in my design. And it... discombobulated me.”
Holmes fell silent again and I experienced an odd sensation creeping up my spine – a prickling, like a warning. But I shook it off.
But he stood there, in anticipation.
“No, indeed,” said Holmes. “But fairness often has little to do with the way justice is meted out.”
The steel door opened and Fred stood there. The headmaster had caught up to us.
“There is no need to apologize, my dear fellow,” said Wilde. “I must allow that you were a paragon of male beauty of the purest kind so admired by the Dorian Greeks – blond and stalwart and sensual, an inspiration for the ages. That is no shame, John. And that beauty has been forever preserved in rare works of Art, which are always to be preferred to mere reality.”
“I see,” I said, wondering how they ever survived at school with such names. “And that’s why you prefer to be called Holmes.”
“Insufferable ass,” Holmes muttered as Fred left the room. “You will soon learn that everyone here is either an ass or an idiot.” He paused. “But you seem an exception to the general rule.”
I froze. He only ever called me by my Christian name when he was the worse for the needle, his head befuddled with narcotics. Only then could he break through that barrier of determined formality, that wall that had always separated us, no matter how long we had been intimate companions.
“Do it quickly, if you must,” I said, gazing down at the muddy roadside where I would die. “Let this make an end to everything.”
Charles looked away. “Except... she wasn’t exactly a female.”
“I’ve already had those things,” I reminded him. “The killers of William Fisher. I want them handed over to the authorities so that Mick Wiggins and Dilly Mitchell can be freed.”
“Good,” said Holmes. “Now close your eyes.”
He was quite young. He stared at me almost fearfully. Sherringford Hall obviously did not attract many strangers.
“I didn’t mean to, Guv,” he explained. “But there was a chap at the telegraph office, Lewis Pratt. He was always wearing flash gear and bragging about the places he went to and how he mingled with all the toffs. He took me to public houses like the Salisbury and the Crown where kindly gentlemen go to meet agreeable boys. It was easy money and I always been ever so agreeable. I like gents and the gents like me.”
“But how do you know?” I whispered back. “He’s facing us. You can’t see his cards.”
“Blimey! I vow nobody forgets Stan! Buy me a pint, sir?” he asked, moving nearer.
“Did you bring a surgeon? Lestrade! Answer me!”
Holmes and Watson visit Mick and Dilly.
Holmes’s face was full of conflicting expressions. “I cannot go back to Baker Street at this time, Watson. But I will put you in a cab and send you home. You need your rest. I will give you a full report of the night’s work in the morrow.”
“This?” I gawked at her in dismay. “This is a boy?”
“I... cannot. Don’t force me to speak more, Holmes.”
“No,” said Charles. “I didn’t realize that she couldn’t read. The brother read the letters to her and then wrote the replies, encouraging me to write more. I did so – and one day a man came to my lodgings. He had my letters to Dilly. He threatened to reveal them to my father unless I paid him.”
“Moggy must have followed me and Gladstone when we came up from the kitchen,” said James. “Can I pour you a cup of coffee, sir? Mrs. Hudson made it fresh.”
I went out onto Baker Street. A heavy dray pulled by black horses lumbered past. Then a young man, whistling, appeared across the street. The world was waking and I had to be quick.
“Your brother sounds a perfect swine,” I said, already hating him.
“Oh, Dr. Watson,” said Mrs. Hudson, coming in to take away the tray. “You’re up already! I’ll go and get your breakfast. Mr. Holmes was up very early. He said he had much business to take care of this morning.”
“I’d be happy to oblige, missus.” He eagerly picked up the empty tray, as well as his sack, and followed her out of the room.
“And so it is,” replied Holmes, his eyebrow raised. “His through inheritance. As the elder son, it’s all his – lock, stock, and lack of heat. This is Dr. Watson. He will be my guest.”
“It’s nothing but the truth,” said the boy. “Come now, sir.” He pulled his shirt over his head and took a small vial from the table. “A little of this to ease the way.” He poured the oil onto his fingers and stroked up and down the crack of his arse. “I’m only waiting for your pleasure, sir.”
The Irishman’s lip curled. “Did he enjoy the drawings I sent? Did he like seeing you in such... interesting poses?”
But I’m no weakling. Never!
I closed my eyes, quite exhausted by the events of the day. I could hear Gladstone snoring contentedly as he lay on the rug before the dwindling hearth-fire.
Holmes and I walked out into the night air. A small crowd had gathered in the narrow street to watch the charade of the dangerous criminals being taken away. We waited until Lestrade and his constables got into the van and clattered off before heading back up the alley to Old Compton Street.
I enjoyed myself in Paris more than I can say, but unfortunately war broke out between the French and their eternal adversaries, the Germans. I ignored the fact that I was dancing on the lip of a volcano until the Prussian Army was at the very gates and the city effectively under siege. It was my first taste of war and would not be my last, although I must say that experiencing war in Paris and experiencing it in the bleak Afghan mountains are quite different things. By Christmas it was obvious the city could not hold out much longer and, sadly, I collected my belongings and made my way out, not wishing to meet up with any Prussian officers who might decide that the sodomitical virginity of a foolish English boy was their due as victors.
“I cannot,” said the lad, his eyes tearing up. “It is too horrible! Too shameful!”
“But you have no difficulty snooping around in other people’s abodes.”
“I’m not supposed to say this, but you’re a right berk,” George said sourly.
“Don’t be vulgar!” I returned. “Sometimes I wonder at you, Holmes. I find that you are the scion of an old and noble family, brought up in opulent circumstances, obtaining every advantage, and yet you insist on behaving as if you were raised in a stableyard!”
The Irishman leaned close to me. “Three days,” he allowed. “That should be enough time. You will come to me on Sunday and I will be waiting. Then we will go abroad for a while.”
“I say, my boy, I was about to go in there and get you. You took your own good time about it.” Holmes tapped his pipe against the post, knocking out the ashes.
Holmes frowned. “I don’t see how any of that signifies, my dear fellow. Your physical imperfections are more than set off by the experience you have gained on your life’s journey. You are, in general, as healthy a horse. Your eye is keen, as demonstrated by the fact that you are a crack shot with a pistol. In spite of your leg, you are agile enough to fend off multiple miscreants with your sword-stick, as you have proven time and again. You have thus saved my sorry life more than once. And as to your hair – such vanities are beneath you, Watson. I don’t see the ladies at all hindered by a slight recession in your hairline.”
“I don’t know his name,” said the boy, trembling with real fear. “I don’t think he has one. Not a real one, anyways. But when they call him anything at all, they call him the Professor.”
“The Army!” James’s eyes lit up. “My brother Harry – he’s the other footman – he’s wild to go into the Army! But Mum won’t hear of it. She’s the cook here.”
“Liar.” He sat up slowly. “Did the beast have a good run?” And then he laughed.
“So he told me,” she replied. “Will he be staying here?”
“Yes,” I said. “Silence always.”
“Who, then?” I retorted.
“I thought you gentlemen might need some assistance when you got back from your night out,” James retorted. “Brushing off your capes and toppers and such. Sit here, Doctor, and I’ll get a towel to bathe your head.”
“Now see here, Holmes!” the major thundered. “I summoned the doctor to treat my son, not to have the Earl’s busybody brother stick his nose where it doesn’t belong!”
Holmes shrugged. “The leavings of my own breakfast. A few kippers. A half of a blood pudding. The remains of a bowl of oatmeal. While you lay abed, slumbering the day away as usual, I partook of a hearty meal provided by the valuable Mrs. Hudson, fortifying myself for the rigours of travel.”
Wondering.
I pushed him out of my mind. I’d have to deal with my feelings for him later.
Graphic by futbolerka
My mouth fell open. “Carry... on?”
“I wondered how they knew there was a physician in residence,” I commented.
“Capital!” Holmes bolted off the divan. “Send him up!”
I sat myself down on a bench while James chased after the wayward bulldog.
“Watson! Steady, old boy!” he said, his voice breaking. “I have you. You’re safe now. Safe and sound.”
The Irishman examined the cane with interest, pulling it apart to reveal the blade hidden within. “Johnny Lad has a sting these days. He’s no longer a boy, but a man who mustn’t be crossed. Did you come here to run me through, John?”
“You understand the situation perfectly. I knew you would, Watson.” He tendered an ingratiating smile. “It’s quite a nice flat and comes fully furnished. And I don’t expect you to act as some kind of – how did you put it? – convenient sexual outlet. I thought of you because you are one of the few people I’ve ever known who I’ve been drawn to immediately. I don’t know why, but it’s true. I feel an odd kinship with you. I suppose that’s what friendship means. I’ve rarely had a real friend – certainly not one since I left University and that was a long time ago indeed. But I feel you are such a friend, my dear boy. I offer you the room because I think it would benefit both of us to throw our lot together. If it doesn’t work out, you are under no obligation whatsoever. And if it does...” He shrugged.
There is little I can hide from Sherlock Holmes, any more than any man can hide anything from him.
“Thank God!” Holmes slipped into his chair, sulking. “That lad is a pest. I haven’t had time to find him a proper job and at this rate he’ll be here until Doomsday!”
“And therefore shot me in the chest,” I stated. The wound throbbed in sympathy. “Good show, Holmes!”
“Yes,” Holmes said. “A title in return for a few romps in the king’s bed. Undoubtedly this very bed. And that is how pretty Harry Sherringford-Holmes became the First Earl of Sherringford! Isn’t that a fine picture?”
“I’m... so very sorry.”
“Shove over, Watson,” said Holmes. “It was deuced cold in that old passageway! My feet are like blocks of ice!”
It was James, the young footman. “Mr. Lovell sent me to tell you that dinner will be served at half past six, sir. Mr. Sherlock is already in his room, dressing for dinner.”
“Doctor, what am I to do with a cat?” said Mrs. Hudson in alarm.
“Where?”
But Holmes did not reply and I did not press the matter further.
I felt cold fingers grip my heart. “He is not my lover. Not now, nor in the past. Never.”
Impertinent pups!
“No,” he whispered. “The bed. In the other room.”
But I cut off his dissertation. “Yes, I am familiar with those portraits. And yes – I am the person portrayed in them.” I picked up my glass of sherry and bolted it. “I posed for them a very long time ago.”
“Fate?” Something inside me went cold.
By now the entire Group was agitated and irritated. Poor Betty kept wiping her nose on the sleeve of her ratty cardigan and a burly black-haired man in a Metallica tee shirt glowered, his demeanor more than a tad intimidating.
I squared my shoulders. “No success without the endeavour. I have my cane and stout boots. And a companion to lend a strong arm in need.”
“Get away from me!” I jerked my arm from his grasp. “I don’t have to listen to such rot! And Holmes is not my paramour!”
I was in love with him. It was as simple and as complicated and as frustrating as that.
“Oh, there’s a myriad of things we can manage, Watson, although this bed is rather small.”
“Yes,” sighed Holmes, nestling against my body. “We will continue our diversions in the morning.”
“Of course,” Holmes disclosed. “Moriarty has eyes all over London, so I must have my own eyes. Mick and Dilly and Thommie were all former Irregulars. They are also current whores, but that does not discount their deep knowledge of the city and the miscreants in it. When Fisher was murdered and Mick and Dilly so obviously set up to be arrested for the crime, I knew Moriarty was behind it. He was sending me a message, a warning. But it took me a long time to convince Lestrade of the truth. That confounded man couldn’t see the nose on his face if it wasn’t pointed out to him! When I found out the names of the true killers – Harrington and Noonan – and finally tracked them down and delivered them to Lestrade, they sang like little birds in the spring. Then Lestrade did believe me. And we were able to set our trap.”
“Blast you,” I mumbled.
“Perhaps if she threw out that ratty jumper she’d be even happier,” Holmes said under his breath. “Not to mention the shoes.” His eyes moved to the stained trainers on her admittedly large feet.
I gently eased the covers away.
“I doubt she would come out and greet two total strangers. Mick said she was shy. Here, Moggy!” I called. “Here, puss!”
“I’ll make it up that hill before he does,” I remarked. “He’s fatter than ever. Mrs. Hudson and the girls will spoil him to an early grave.”
“Never fear, Wiggins,” Holmes declared. “There’s not a door in London I can’t open – if I wish to.” He smiled slyly at Collins. “Including any door in this gaol.”
Holmes shrugged. “A spot of bother with the landlady. And the neighbors. And the local constabulary. But that won’t be a problem here, my dear boy.”
Regent’s Park rolled out before us like a green carpet and I smiled to myself at how so many things that had lately seemed disastrous had turned out to be the beginning of a new and better existence. Even with a bad leg, a damaged shoulder, and now a nasty chip in my rib and a scar to match, I counted myself the most fortunate of men.
I composed myself and went out to face my friend.
The man can be infuriating! “And that is?”
“Oh, Doctor!” cried Mrs. Hudson. “It’s been so dull here without you and Mr. Holmes!”
I hadn’t spent too much time in Earl’s Court before I noticed that it was a very gay area. The Coleherne, a pub on a prominent corner, was bustling with men at all hours, giving the neighborhood the ambience of a more working class and less flamboyant Soho.
James turned pale. “I... I meant Mr. Mycroft, sir. Begging your pardon, but I misspoke.”
The constable entered the sitting room, his face serious. He silently handed Holmes a folded paper.
“Your opinions are of no consequence,” said the Irishman with growing annoyance. “Learn to guard your tongue or you will regret it.”
“That’s good of you, James,” I said sincerely. “I fear Dilly Mitchell is very ill indeed.”
“Go after him!” I urged. “He can’t get far. For pity’s sake, Holmes – this is your chance!”
I rose late on Sunday, made myself a cup of strong tea, and put my boxes in order. Precisely at noon a black Jaguar screeched to a halt before my building and Holmes stepped out, attired in a tweed hacking jacket, leather driving gloves, and a flat cap like a character from the old ‘Avengers’ series. All that was missing was a rolled umbrella and a female sidekick in a black catsuit.
“I’m pleased to make your acquaintance, Watson,” he said, taking my proffered hand. His grip was firm and uncompromising. I thought I felt a spark of static electricity pass between us, which wasn’t peculiar seeing that the air in the facility was ridiculously dry. “And you can call me Holmes.”
I was glad at the thought that we would soon return to 221b and resume our ordinary existence.
Mrs. Hudson flounced out of the room in such a state that she forgot to take Holmes’ coffee cup.
Mrs. Hudson flushed a bright red. “Oh, dear! I was never supposed to say.”
And I found a kind of relief in that room that I sorely needed. I had known a long time that I needed it, but never in my life would I have acted upon it with anyone but...
“For the love of God!” I cried. “I’ll pay! Just give me more time!”
I opened my eyes and saw his face.
“Not much,” he said casually. “Only that you are a medical doctor, trained as a surgeon. You were born in London, raised a Roman Catholic, and educated in Jesuit schools. You studied on the Continent as well, either in Germany or Austria, perhaps as part of your medical training. You joined the Army and were sent to Afghanistan where you were injured by a roadside bomb over a year ago. You sustained shrapnel wounds to both your left side and right leg that were not life-threatening, but bad enough to end your career as an Army surgeon. Your injuries left you in excruciating pain, which you numbed with narcotics you prescribed to yourself. You have hindered movement to your leg and your left arm and hand, which, along with your addiction, has rendered your very future as a physician in doubt. Your family is either dead or abroad and you have never been married...” He paused and gazed up at the ceiling thoughtfully. “...because you are a homosexual, which you generally kept to yourself during your Army service. You are currently unattached. Oh, and you are here as a voluntary patient. Unlike yours truly, who is here under lock and key, thanks to my dear brother, the esteemed Mycroft.”
That has been the secret I vowed to take to the grave. I am one of those men who are rightly shunned by all decent society. I am a sinner, an invert, and a sodomite – and there is nothing I can do about it.
“It’s my job, sir,” said the young footman, setting the tray upon the nightstand. “Will you be wanting a bath tonight? Harry and I could bring up hot water.”
But time was also running down. My month at the facility was coming to an end.
“Years,” said the Irishman. “Don’t ask me how many. I don’t bother to count the passing years anymore.”
I could feel Holmes’ heart beating, his breath hot on my cheek. “I’m no stranger to the abyss. That’s how I came to be here, remember? Afghanistan?”
“You will need to cede that control tonight,” I breathed as I guided him through the door of the bedroom. “Because now I am in command. And you must yield to me – entirely.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” I replied.
“There is nothing finer than a delightful evening at home,” Stamford pronounced, leaning back and patting his stomach. “The domestic comforts are the best, my dear, even if they tend to expand the waistline. You should have seen poor Watson when he returned from India. He was gaunt as a hermit and brown as a walnut. I hardly knew him for the handsome, dashing young rake I knew at St. Bart’s.”
I stood there for a long while. I’m not certain what I was looking for, longing for. If only I could reach out my hand and grasp... something. But there was nothing there. Nothing at all.
“Those will do,” I said. And I hurried from the dining room.
“Of course,” I said. Holmes’s innate egotism would never allow even his own brother to prevail.
“I understand.” I said. I knew that to admit he was in love with me was beyond his ability to say. But I knew what was in his heart. The words were not necessary. “Now it’s time for sleep. I think I heard the clock strike three.”
I put my hand on his wrist, lightly. “Please?” I said, coaxing.
“Surely if your friend is innocent, the truth will out,” I opined.
My two patients were spot on time: Mrs. Campbell, a no-nonsense Scotswoman with a goiter, and Mrs. Ralston, the recently married lady with a new complaint of nausea in the morning. For the former I prescribed regular doses of iodine, and for the latter plenty of rest, bland food, and the expectation of an heir in about six month’s time. Mrs. Campbell promptly paid her bill and went off to procure the iodine, while Mrs. Ralston burst into copious tears. Women often do that on being told they are expectant. The first time it happened I thought the woman was upset at the idea of pregnancy, but I soon learned that females cry with happiness almost as often as they cry with sorrow or pain.
“Yes, Doctor,” said the butler. “Tarte aux pommes, with fresh cream.”
“Then you don’t know me at all,” I replied. “For I am not brave. I am not even fully a man. That is my fate. And my curse.”
“No,” I said sadly. “It’s all I have left – for the moment.”
Mrs. Hudson brought up my coffee and toast.
The Irishman leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Did you bring your gun? Do you plan to shoot me?”
I left the prison shrouded in a cloud. Rather than take a hansom home, I walked, thinking to diffuse my black mood. I walked down Fleet Street, past the newspaper offices, then past Chancery Lane and the Temple. I had not walked in this part of London for many a year and it brought to mind my early days as a medical student, when I had cheap lodgings just off the Kingsway, before I moved to Aldersgate to be close to St. Bart’s. Those were heady days – I had felt freedom for the first time in a long, long while – when I had gladly buried myself in my studies.
I thought of the miles upon miles I had walked in the Afghan mountains, never knowing if the next step would be my last. But here I was safe in my own land, with a stout companion who would never fail me at my side.
“Well, now!” James exclaimed as he came into the room with a large silver tray. “Gentlemen! I have broth for you, Doctor Watson, and tea with plenty of sugar. And for you, Mr. Sherlock – whiskey and soda.”
“Then it’s settled!” Holmes happily puffed up like a prize pigeon. “I’ll fetch you and your gear tomorrow at twelve!”
John seals the bargain with the Irishman.
“John! Can you hear me? Say that you can hear me!”
“Woof!” Gladstone replied, straining at the lead.
“It’s getting dark, Mr. Holmes.”
“Your dinner party with Dr. Stamford,” he reminded me. “You dine at eight o’clock in Chelsea. Don’t you remember?”
The hansom came to a halt before 221b and we emerged. The street was silent. It was well after midnight and all law-abiding people were home in their beds.
When I awoke it was past noon. Holmes was dressed and sitting in the corner of my tiny room, drinking coffee, smoking his pipe, and reading ‘The Times.’
This is the beginning of John Watson's backstory, which will be vital to the mystery to come!
“Yes, Doctor. Love,” said Charles. “I had felt the baser urges before and... and acted upon them. My school was a stew of immorality. The boys there coupled like animals and it was no better at Oxford. But at least at Magdalen I met some higher-minded young gentlemen. We read poetry and philosophy, we listened to music and discussed great ideas. But it all came to naught when a scandal erupted.”
Chapter 9
“And neither could I,” Holmes reiterated. “It seems we have been at cross purposes for some time.”
“You’re making progress, John,” he said, patting my shoulder.
No, the rabble at the Glendalough Gallery were beyond Bohemian. They were of that breed who call themselves Aesthetes. Powdered dandies, their hair curled and smelling of hyacinth, this motley mob lounged in the entryway, swilling free champagne and gossiping in loud voices.
Finally, I returned to out hotel. The plain little man was gone and the Irishman was not in a happy mood.
“No,” said the Irishman. “You are a man. The beautiful boy that once was has been destroyed. Beaten down and trampled in the mire! And whose fault is that? Whose, my lad?”
Each night after Holmes had returned to his bed and begun to snore, I turned over in my mind every possible scenario for my future. None of those futures featured my new friend and lover. I resigned myself to the understanding that this clandestine relationship was doomed to be sweet and short-lived. In all likelihood we would never even see each other after my release. And if we did the circumstances of our coming together could never be recaptured in the ordinary world, far from the hothouse atmosphere of rehab.
“This is all I need!” sighed Mrs. Hudson. “I will carry the box.” She took it in her arms. “You had better go up to your rooms. You have a visitor and I expect you and Mr. Holmes to deal with him.”
“It’s my close proximity to you for all these years,” I answered.
“Ah, yes, Watson,” said Holmes, pulling the covers over both of us. “This is more like it.”
I nodded and shook his hand as we all sat down, even young Stan.
Those words struck a blow to my heart. “You wouldn’t!” I felt my cheeks flush with a righteous anger. “If you do anything to her, you’ll be sorry! I swear it!”
“Quigley said to look for the third on the right side, with the faded red door and the broken knocker.” Holmes turned the handle and the door swung open. “It does not take a professional cracksman to enter any of these abodes.”
“I’m not a boy,” the wretched creature whined. “I’m Dilly!”
“I... I’m not thirsty.” Now I was sweating. How can one be hot and cold at the same time?
And then all I knew was oblivion.
Gladstone’s stump of a tail wagged furiously when he saw the lead.
When the nurses awoke us the next morning, Holmes was safely in his own bed and I began to believe it had all been a dream – until Holmes gave me a wink as we marched out to breakfast.
“It’s Dr. Watson,” I said.
Minutes later Holmes and I were standing on the pavement, the grim walls of the prison looming behind us.
Holmes snorted. “I used to only be allowed two. The extras are for good behavior. Or somewhat good behavior. For me.”
“Your hand on my wrist tells me that you want me to stay near to you, so I will assume the worst.” He then released me. “I also think you are not an American.”
Yes, farewell... my dearest... friend.
His foggy words brought me little comfort. I was sick in body and in my soul and only wanted the world to end that night. And it did – but not in the way I understood an ending.
The girl brought up the tray and I poured myself a cup of tea. Holmes prefers the Earl Grey while I like a lighter blend, a Ceylon or China. Of course, Mrs. Hudson sent up Earl Grey.
“They are public houses, of a kind,” said Holmes. “But they are also houses of assignation for gentlemen with a very specific taste. One is in Lambeth, near the river, and the other is in Holborn. But these are only two of the most notorious gathering places for Mary-Anns and their clients. There are others that are more discreet, but no less infamous – the Crown in Charing Cross, the Mermaid down by the Eastern docks...” Holmes paused for a moment in our walk and brought out his pipe, fumbling for his tobacco and box of matches.
“I hope you slept well last night,” he said, still perusing the countryside. “I know your rest is often compromised.”
“I know,” he said, lighting the pipe and puffing it contentedly. “That is what makes it so strange. And so very wondrous.”
“No,” he asserted. “I must say it. That is the only way it is real. I love you, John. And I have never said those words to another human being, or felt that emotion for another human being. Only you.”
“Mr. Sherlock showed a great ability for numbers and such like, so the old Earl brought a friend of Mr. Mycroft’s from Cambridge who was supposedly a great scholar in that subject to tutor the lad. Mr. Sherlock was only 14 or thereabouts, but he was already as sharp as any grown man. He took to Mr. Mycroft’s friend like I’ve never seen him take to anyone. For months they were inseparable. And then...” she paused, a troubled expression on her face.
“Very good,” I said. Meanwhile, the water was cooling in the tub and my bed lured me. “I certainly only know one way to tie a cravat.”
“Well, John Watson, please sit and drink with us. I stand on no ceremony when it comes to interesting people.” He indicated a slight young gentleman next to him. “My dear friend, Mr. Robbie Ross, who is just down from King’s College.”
“John,” she said. “May I join you?”
“Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson have their own rooms – and their own beds!” Mrs. Hudson interjected forcefully. “Gentlemen in my lodgings don’t need to share their beds. This is not a common doss-house!”
I turned to leave, but my foot touched a package on the floor. I picked it up to place upon the table. Then something caught my eye. Something familiar about the handwriting. Something that tugged at the fog of my memory.
“Oh.” The landlord turned up his nose. “One o’ them blokes. Well, it’s none o’ my business. But if they don’t pay what they owes me for their lodgings, I’ll toss all their muck out into the street!”
I got off the bed and stood before him, naked but unashamed.
“Except the cost of pneumonia,” I fumed. “My deuced leg was already acting up. Soon my shoulder will begin to ache in this cursed damp!”
Watson is summoned.
Although the establishment was in the center of Mayfair, the patrons infesting the place were... well, they were not strictly Bohemian. My friend Holmes is a true Bohemian: a man at odds with the common practices of society, but not in a way that is mere show. Holmes may be an eccentric, but he is not a poseur or a charlatan.
“Don’t fret, lad,” I said to Charles, squeezing his hand. “You will get past this. It may not seem so now, but time is a great healer. I promise you.”
“I try to look my best when I am entertaining,” he said, accepting the glass.
“I have an Affirmation,” I said tentatively.
“It was,” he replied. “But the longing I felt at the time was like a phantom. I knew something was missing in my life, but I did not know what it was. Until...” He paused. “But this is something I’d rather forget.”
“Neither have I,” said Holmes, turning it over with his long fingers. “Glendalough is an Irish placename, is it not?”
James bowed. “Pleasant dreams, gentlemen.”
“I believe that is Thommie,” said Holmes. His mouth was at my ear. “Our contact.”
I can live with that. I long ago vowed to live with it. But now that he knows for certain the truth about what I did with Mick Wiggins, things cannot continue in the status quo.
“The weather has been foul, sir,” said Lovell. He stopped and opened a door. “Your usual room, Mr. Sherlock. I received your telegram this morning, so I instructed Mrs. Jenkins to light a fire. I hope it will be satisfactory.”
“Mr. Wilde,” I said, extending my hand. “It’s my pleasure to meet you.”
“Did you catch a chill, sir?” James asked anxiously. “I can get a mustard plaster from Mrs. Jenkins. That should fix you up right smartly.”
“Calm yourself, madam,” I urged. “The lad will be fine. Tall trees and young boys have an affinity that will not be denied. This won’t be the last injury he will take in his life. That is the nature of the male animal – to take chances and climb when there is something to be climbed. I only suggest that you bid him to be cautious.” I turned to the boy, who was sitting in James’ strong lap. “Do you hear me, young man? Will you be careful in the future?”
In my mad state, I pressed the Irishman to be rough with me in bed, lashing out at him in an effort to goad his passion into violence. For I knew he was a violent man, capable of killing me with his bare hands if that was his wish. And since I was too much the coward to kill myself, I wanted him to kill me instead. It seemed the only solution.
“It is not ruined, my dear boy,” said Holmes. “Look at me, John. Please?”
Wiggins had broken something in me. Broken my resolve. My discipline. Awakened a monster within my breast. Broken me as certainly as I had been broken in the mountains of Afghanistan, never to completely recover. But that was only my body. This was my mind, my being. My soul, as it were.
“It’s late, James,” I said. “Good-night.”
“He’s my roommate,” I said coolly. “And he seems a nice enough fellow.”
The Irishman’s face darkened. “Are you regretting this already, John Watson?”
“Quite right,” said Holmes. “He is, in fact, the most accomplished man currently working in Her Majesty’s government, although almost none know his name or even imagine his existence. His powers of deduction are, in many ways, almost equal to my own.” He paused. “Almost.”
I didn’t have any choice at that point, so I did release myself to the moment – all over Holmes’ hand.
The man frowned. “I might be. And who might you be?”
“An Irishman,” I said with confidence. “My mother was Irish and I well remember her soft accent. You have that slight softness in your speech that Englishmen do not have, but which is common in Welshmen and Irishmen. And a moment ago you said ‘tink’ instead of ‘think.’ I heard you make the same mistake when you were talking about your estate in Virginia. The Irish don’t pronounce the ‘th’ sound. You were careful to say it most of the time, but sometimes you slipped, like you did when you were annoyed with me.”
Once again I was solicited by gentlemen of a certain inclination, but by now I was seasoned at playing their game without succumbing to their enticements. I am not proud to confess that I took small gratuities from them, allowed them to buy me drinks and meals I could not have otherwise afforded, and even permitted a few harmless liberties – what is the cost of a kiss, after all, to a callow lad of 17? But when they attempted to press their point up me, I relied upon my open and seemingly guileless face to protect me from offering up the integrity of my arsehole. Luckily for me, the sodomites of Gay Paree did not believe in forcing the issue.
“No,” Holmes affirmed. “Mycroft and I were not confidantes. My tutor did not return to Trinity. I believe he went abroad for a long while. But I have never told anyone what happened... until now. You are the only one who knows. You... and my former tutor.”
“We are looking for William Fisher,” Holmes proclaimed. “In connection with a case I am in the process of solving.”
Holmes stared at me evenly, his eyes like ice. “Is it indeed, my dear fellow?”
“I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss Morstan,” I said. “Very pleased indeed.”
“That is something you should never neglect, Johnny Lad,” the Irishman replied. “Because we have unfinished business, you and I.”
I presented myself to my brother, who was not pleased to see me, especially when he learned I had no intention of enrolling in any course of study. But the money my father had set aside for my higher education was not going to disappear and I had a modest allowance from my inheritance. I had sampled the pleasures of Amsterdam, Rome, Alexandria, and Paris, as well as points in between. Now I was ready for those of the capital of my own homeland.
“And the other boy is ill, Mr. Holmes says,” Mrs. Hudson stated with concern. “Surely they wouldn’t keep a sickly child in such a place?”
“No, that they certainly are.” My hand automatically went to my shoulder, feeling for where the Jazail bullet had entered and changed my life utterly. “But I suppose I’d fight like the very devil if my home was invaded by strange heathens in bizarre garb, speaking gibberish and bent on ruling over me.”
“Tell me,” I said. “You can tell me anything. If it will unburden your mind.”
Holmes sniffed and pushed my hand away. “I will meet you at the front entryway in five minutes. The trap will be waiting to take us to Campton.”
I shook her hand, still a bit dazed. “Thanks ever so much. I’ll do my best.”
“I need to go back and close down my medical practice,” I said. “I have an acquaintance who will take over my few patients. And I must settle my accounts. I wish to leave no debts behind.”
I was beginning to get deucedly uncomfortable. “I thought they... they liked me! Mr. Spencer knows everything about Roman history and we speak Latin together. He took me to the Vatican and we heard Mass! And Lord Brigham wants to take me to Naples to see the ruins of Pompeii and gaze upon Mount Vesuvius, and then explore the Villa of Tiberius on Capri. That is why I came to Italy, to learn and see all that I can see!”
“I will have a hansom sent ’round and then meet you there in an hour or so,” said Holmes. “We’ll make a night of it.”
“I’ve come to seek my fortune in London.” He pointed to a small cloth sack at his feet. “I’ve got all my gear and a little money saved up. I walked most of the way, but then a gentleman gave me a ride in his trap into the city and, after asking a few kindly souls, I found my way right to your door. London isn’t half a confusing place. And all the people! It makes my brain spin!”
That’s when I realized my affections for my friend were not normal. But by then it was too late. I was too deeply enmeshed in Holmes’ life and he in mine to withdraw. And I had no desire to withdraw. So I waited it out. I knew a woman like Adler would soon tire of her game. She was a self-proclaimed adventuress and professional mistress – Sherlock Holmes, as fascinating as he might be, was not wealthy enough, famous enough, or influential enough to be the defining romance of her life. She had larger prey in her sight. And when she moved on, as was inevitable, Holmes swiftly recovered and blithely continued on as before.
“Shut it, Constable!” Lestrade snapped. “If Mr. Holmes wants to know more of this crime, he can read about it in the morning newspapers.”
“Certainly, sir,” he said, backing off. “Mr. Lovell said you and Mr. Sherlock don’t have any servants. How do you gentlemen get along without them?”
“No,” said Holmes. “Never.”
“Yes.” I could not imagine what the fellow was on about. “That we do.”
“That’s a very unusual name.”
“Who is the performer?” Holmes asked a young man standing near us.
The Irishman shrugged. “He did not need much help. You know that as the truth. I may have given him a slight... push. But no more than that.”
“I’m sure it will simply be a matter of keeping them apart until they become used to each other. Gladstone sleeps in my room and Moggy will reside in the kitchen. It will be fine,” I affirmed.
“It’s not Christian!” she exclaimed. “I will make certain those boys have a good meal every day. I’ll have James carry it over to them. That way he’ll be of some use while he’s here.” She paused and cocked her head. “Is he going to be here long?”
“Do you think... that perhaps...” I began.
“You think I am a sodomite?” His voice was dark.
“No.” I held my breath, scarcely able to believe he was really there.
“But... you cannot have known everything!” I insisted, trying to digest this information. “You must think that Moriarty kidnapped me, but the truth is that...”
“So do I, my lad,” said Holmes.
“I can’t write,” said Dilly. “Can’t write and can’t read. I can’t do anything. I’m nothing, Charlie. Except when I was with you. That was the only time I was alive. But that’ll be over soon.”
The name meant nothing to me. “Mick Wiggins?” I cast my mind back on numerous cases in which Holmes and I had taken part, many involving denizens of all strata of society, but the name Mick Wiggins did not figure in any of them.
“And how do you find the world?” he drawled. “Is it to your liking?”
“I might be... be leaving these rooms soon.”
“Why did you not call me yesterday if you were in distress?” I said, immediately taking off my coat and opening my medical bag. “Those dressings should have been changed. I also brought something for the pain.” Although I did not approve of Holmes’ use of narcotics in general, I had brought his morocco case and a vial of morphine.
I was uneasy about such intimacy with a man I had only just met, but I had heard that Wilde had a number of queer ideas. I must also admit that I was not surprised to see him at the Salisbury, for I had heard many rumors about him and his circle of male friends. But I was surprised at how open he was about being at a public house so well-known as a meeting place for gentlemen of a certain proclivity. But I imagine he felt safe because anyone seeing him here would also be a man of that same persuasion and unlikely to point him out.
“Did you know Mr. Sherlock as a boy?”
“The lad means well.” I swabbed my forehead with alcohol to clean out the cut. It stung, but only a little. Then I applied some healing paste, covering it with a small plaster. “Done! I am still capable of doctoring myself. Now, you were saying about this air-gun?”
I healed slowly, but surely. Once the infection was completely stifled, I was able to leave my bed and then Mycroft’s old room. Holmes and James and Harry brought me downstairs for tea and dinner, and eventually outside to sit in Sherringford Hall’s glorious garden and catch the warmth of the afternoon.
“Good,” replied Holmes. “I have no desire to see him, either. We are here to attend to Mr. Charles Griffith. Pray take us to him.”
“Of course,” I replied, my heart breaking only slightly. “We wouldn’t want that. So you’d just like a convenient sexual outlet, is that it? And I’m obviously available at little trouble and no expense.”
He stared at me, as if trying to read my thoughts. And I fear that he saw anger there. And weariness. And a sharp longing that would never be quenched.
“That’s a fact,” Thommie affirmed. “Only high-class gents and the best boys in town.”
We were at a reception for an Italian prince in Rome when I was startled to see Lady Percy standing on the other side of the salon. She was observing me and the Irishman. I knew from her expression that she was not pleased. I pleaded a headache and the Irishman took me back to our hotel before she endeavoured to speak with me.
“But you can do general medicine?” she said. “Check-ups, diagnosis, that sort of thing?”
“Then what?” asked the Irishman. “If I am not allowed to kill him?”
“I am unarmed,” I replied. “You may search me if you wish.”
“Who wishes to offer an Affirmation this afternoon?” asked Fred, who, unfortunately, was the counselor conducting Group that first day. “Betty?”
“Thank you, Doctor,” said the lad, brightening. “I’ll tell Mrs. Hudson that you’re ready for your breakfast. I won’t say nothing about you being out all night. She might worry.”
“Ah, ha! Checkmate!” Holmes crowed in triumph as he moved his queen against the ape’s king.
I perused the tweed jacket again.
I knew Fred had my best interests at heart, but as I left the office all I could think about was Sherlock Holmes and his last chance.
“Take your mistress inside and give her this.” I pressed a sedative vial into her maid’s hand. “Call me if there is a further problem.”
“Moriarty.” He muttered the name. “Were you in love with him? I mean... back then. Before you left for the East.”
“If I am to live here with you... what am I to pay as my share?” I posed the obvious question. “Because I doubt I can afford it.”
“In other words, you cheat!” I crossed my arms before me, assured that I had him at last.
Holmes sighed and unbuttoned his fly, pissing on a rock at the side of the road. I looked away, but did the same. It was still hours away from Chichester and who knew when we would next be offered relief?
“Think of how convenient this is, my boy,” said Holmes, lighting his pipe. “We are lucky to have avoided the train. Mycroft rarely uses his carriage and he’s never at the house, so we will have a splendid time in the country, with few intrusions and at no expense whatsoever.”
Mrs. Hudson set the cup back down and put her hands on her hips. “Oh, no you don’t, Doctor! You’re not leaving this house and having Mr. Holmes stay behind to be-devil me! You’re the only person who can handle him, because Lord knows I can’t do it! What has gotten into you, Dr. Watson?”
“I cannot heal while my mind and my heart are in turmoil!” I replied with fervor. “You say you knew all. But how can that be? I feel as if I am in a dream, or a nightmare, in which everything I believed to be true is a delusion. And the person I thought I knew best proves to be someone else altogether.”
I know what such influences can do to a man. I watched drink destroy my brother, watched helplessly as it broke him down, bit by bit. What left for the colonies was a shadow of what he was, of what he could have been. It was only a matter of time before I would receive that package with our father’s watch, the last remnant of our inheritance.
“Good man.”
He smiled at me, preening. And I shuddered to find how easily I fell back into the old routine of flattery, using sweet words to get my way. But the difference was that then I was a callow and beautiful boy, while now I was a grown man, a doctor and a soldier. Or I had been, because that would all be ending. Anything I was before, I would no longer be. I would be only the Irishman’s catamite. At least for as long as I pleased him. And after that – I would undoubtedly be dead.
I sprang from the bed, all my reservations forgotten in the face of Holmes’ enthusiasm. “But how? Where are we going?”
It had been a long day and I was sick of unsolved enigmas. “Why did you call Mycroft ‘His Lordship’? I want to know!”
But he stayed me by taking my hand and pulling me back down. “No, John. Not now.”
“Yes, he’s a bachelor. What of it?” Now Stamford was moving into dangerous territory. “So are many men.”
“Well!” said Homes. “There’s no need to swear, Watson. I thought it obvious. I came through the secret passageway between my room and Mycroft’s. This house was a gift to my ancestor, Henry Sherringford-Holmes, from King James the First. My theory is that the passageway was created for the king to have effortless access from this room, which was the Royal Guest Chamber in olden times, to Henry’s room next door.”
“I imagine,” I gulped.
“I’ll do what I can, Mr. Holmes,” said Collins, lowering his voice.
I knew I would be offered a female at this dinner party – Stamford had said as much when he first invited me. Matchmaking is endemic among females of any age, but especially among newly married females who wish to see every single gentleman paired off with their unmarried friends. But I had little considered that I would be presented with a veritable goddess in the form of Miss Mary Morstan.
I thought of Charles’ pale face and his distress over Dilly’s involvement in the sordid business of blackmail. “Yet you did not inform him that his lover was in hospital in London, likely in the final stages of consumption.”
“You are too modest, sir,” she said, lowering her eyelids most fetchingly. “A gentleman such as yourself, a doctor and a stalwart soldier, must have had a great many adventures to relate in which you are the hero – and not your friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes!”
“And no more broth for me,” I said, pushing away the proffered spoon. “I’m very tired. I think rest would be best.”
“Quite.”
“Vernet,” he provided. “Yvonne Vernet. Yes, she was my grandmother. Unfortunately, she was not my grandfather’s wife, the Countess of Sherringford.”
I took Mick’s seat and examined the patient. He was in full fever and there was bright red blood on the blanket and on the front of his nightshirt. Dilly was spitting up blood regularly, a sign the end was near. It was no wonder Lestrade had called us.
Being near to him made my skin crawl. “I am not a boy, as well you know.”
“Stamford invited me.” I settled into the chair opposite the sofa and opened the paper, pretending to read.
“I see.” The discussion was making me extremely uncomfortable. “I say, Holmes, is all this necessary?”
“This meal...” I began.
I knew it was an ending to the world. This world.
“Watson! Please wake up!”
“Then I shall feel free to call upon you another time,” said Miss Morstan. “I must go now, Doctor. I look forward to further conversations.”
“It was life that did it,” I said. “Life and experience. And war and suffering.”
A glum butler in a faded tailcoat was there to greet us, bolstered by a red-faced housekeeper and a gaggle of servants who gaped as if we’d arrived directly from the moon.
Which is worse? Nightmares or total darkness? One tells you that you are still alive, but the other offers peace. Quiet. Oblivion.
“No, thank you, James,” I said. “I am not very peckish this morning.”
I climbed down, but I pulled my cloak close around me, as if to shield myself. I did not like the look or the feel of this place and I certainly did not wish to enter it. But Holmes, in his fearless way, plunged forward.
“Yes, that would be lovely,” I replied. “But what I was going to say is... do you think we might return to London soon?”
“Very late. Or very early, depending upon your perspective.”
“If he gets... away... then all is for naught.” I sank lower into the mud, my body heavy. So heavy. The rain began again. But it wasn’t rain drenching my coat, my trousers. It was blood. My own blood. “Holmes... Moriarty... don’t... delay...”
“Yes,” I answered. What more could I say?
“Indeed, I am a personage hard to dislodge from the brain,” Wilde agreed. “Yet this feeling is very strong. Your visage is so familiar to me.”
“Well, he will eat anything, so...” Holmes smiled. “You don’t mind, do you, Gladstone?”
“I am Mr. Sherringford and this is my intimate friend, Mr. Baker. We were recommended this place by our friend, Mr. Griffith.”
“You, too, Doctor!” the major blasted.
“And you have no such desires?” I questioned. I noted that his hands were clenched tightly in his lap.
Anstruther shrugged. “As you wish, Watson. I will cover your practice as best I am able. But keep in touch while you are away.”
Finally.
“Oh, Mr. Holmes,” said Mrs. Griffith. “I’m so happy you have come! And Doctor Watson, too! I have been so worried about my son.”
I dropped my head into my hands, wearily.
“Too bad you never had any of your own,” James mused. “Of course, I can’t see Mr. Sherlock – or His Lordship, for that matter – having children. I mean, Mr. Mycroft, of course.”
“Watson has spent time in India,” said Stamford as we sat down in the drawing room to await dinner. “Miss Morstan’s father was an officer in an Indian regiment.”
“Never fear, Watson,” said Holmes. “James knows all. During the many hours we sat by your bedside, I unburdened myself somewhat. I needed to communicate with someone and James was the most likely candidate.”
“I doubt that.” The room was small and there were two single beds. Since Holmes had flopped down and was now lounging on one, I shifted my dufflebag onto the other bed, sat down, and began unpacking the few belongings, minus my confiscated mouthwash and cologne, I had been permitted to bring with me. “If I weren’t both an idiot and an ass I wouldn’t be here.”
As I stepped further into the room I heard a familiar woof. Gladstone waddled over to me, wagging his stubby tail. “Good fellow,” I said, giving him a pat on his broad head. “Did you have a fine dinner as well?”
The burly Russian shrugged. Then his hand was on my prick. “Friend not here, Doctor, sir. But Ivan can take care of you. Ivan take care of many gentleman who come without friend. Ivan the best here. Ask Mr. Ozmet. He will tell you.”
“I ripped up one of Mycroft’s old dress shirts,” he retorted, flinching as I removed the makeshift dressing.
“Sunday, then,” he said, leading me to the front door.
I will not name him because any name I give him will be of no consequence. He offered me a name that night at Lady Percy’s, but it was not his true one. In fact, I am sure none of the names he ever used was his true one, just as none of the stories he told about his history was the true one. They may have contained grains of truth here and there, but that is all.
“Sometimes a story might seem fantastic, but is in fact truer than true,” I countered. “I have seen things in my life that, if written down, would cause a reader to doubt their possibility. Some of the cases of my good friend, Sherlock Holmes, are bizarre to a fault, yet they are very real.”
I sat in our rooms for a long while, like a condemned prisoner counting the hours until he faced the noose. I heard the tall clock on the landing strike six. It was morning. I needed to depart soon. It would not do for Holmes to awaken and come looking for me. I needed to go and leave no trace behind or else all would be for naught.
But I could see no other way to protect the life of the only living person I cared anything for – Sherlock Holmes. His safety was all that mattered. The Irishman had given me my freedom because he loved me. Now I was giving Holmes the same thing, and for the same reason.
“Thanks, mate,” he said, pocketing them. “I’ll save ’em for later.”
“If that’s true,” I replied. “Then he has nothing to fear. Come, we’re almost home. Then I’ll deal with Mr. Holmes in my own particular way.”
The next day I was called into the office of the director of the facility. I’d only seen her once before, when I made the arrangements to be admitted. She was behind a large antique desk. Fred was sitting by her side, holding my file.
“I’ll take good care of them, Doctor,” James announced. “Both Mr. Sherlock and Gladstone.”
“They already suspect it. Fred warned me about you that day when he pulled me out of the garden and took me to his office. He said you were a bad influence.” I felt Holmes’ erection poking insistently against my side. “I see he was correct about that.”
The wound was, as Mycroft attested, not deep, but it was bleeding profusely.
I asked to be admitted to my deposit box and the bank clerk took me into the vault below. There I removed a velvet bag that contained a sapphire stickpin that had once belonged to Lord Percy, and a golden cigarette case and some other small but valuable pieces of jewelry given to me by the Irishman during our days together. I had put them there for safe-keeping before I left for India and never taken them out after my return, thinking they might one day serve me in extremity. Now that day had come. If I was to leave England, perhaps forever, I might need them. I knew little of America except that I would be utterly alone and friendless there. If I needed money, these trinkets might be turned into ready cash. Or I could begin to wear them again. My new life with the Irishman would be the kind where sapphire stickpins and golden cigarette cases were de rigueur.
At close range I could see that my patient was young, scarcely more than a boy, perhaps 19 at the most, and strikingly handsome. And his eyes were full of fear. He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out but a strangled rasp.
“Don’t let them take us, Guv’nor!” Wiggins gasped as the constable dragged him to his feet and began to bind his hands. “We didn’t do it!”
I thought of walking over to Pall Mall and the Diogenes Club, but I knew I would not be admitted. And, I considered, I might be followed. I looked around, suddenly thinking that the Irishman’s minions were watching me at every turn.
“A consulting detective emergency?” I quipped.
I drank my tea and nibbled at a teacake, feeding the rest to Gladstone. Then I fetched the dog lead and put on my greatcoat. It was April, but the weather was still chilly and I had no wish to catch my death of cold after having survived the long and miserable London winter.
“The Red Cockerel,” I pronounced, looking at the sign swinging above the door. “Isn’t this the place Young Griffith mentioned?”
“I will be careful,” I promised.
“I said I will see you to your door,” he repeated, almost threateningly.
“No,” he whispered. “Never! It was heroic. Naïve, but heroic. You were willing to sacrifice yourself for my welfare. No one in all of my life has ever done that for me, not even my own parents or brother. But you were willing to offer yourself, body and soul, to the man you hated to save my miserable life. That’s when I knew...” He paused, as if unable to continue.
Perhaps I was mistaken. Perhaps the house was empty, with the Irishman and his servants fled long ago. But the yard, although forlorn, did not look abandoned. And the gate, although closed tight, was not rusty.
“I’m fine,” I replied shortly.
“Don’t be absurd, Watson,” said Holmes. “There’s no other secret door in this room. In other rooms in the house, yes, but not in this one. And Mycroft is my only other living relative.”
“In a side annex of this establishment there are some interesting portraits on exhibit...” Wilde began.
Before I could stop him, James had undone my tie and was retying if with a deft hand.
“Thank Christ!” muttered a grey-haired man who looked like a solicitor. “Now we can get on with this.”
“It’s an invention of a certain German and is used by assassins and other cowards who wish to kill without being heard.” He stopped pacing and took out his pipe, lighting it with agitated fingers. “There is only one in England that I know of and it is owned by...”
“Mrs. Hudson installed a lavatory room two years ago and it’s a wonderful convenience. Of course, the maids are always washing the clothes in the bathtub. And the water is never hot enough.”
“Upholstered?” I suggested. But what I meant was corpulent.
I had obtained a suit of clothes from a wealthy young gentleman who left Rome to return to England and discarded his extra belongings so he wouldn’t have to take them on the train. The suit was almost new and I took it to a local tailor who altered it to fit as if had been made especially for me. I went to the market near my pensione and bought a length of silk and the tailor made me a fine cravat for only a few pence. Thus, I was ready to attend Lady Percy’s salon in clothing I wouldn’t be ashamed to stand up in.
I soaked in the tub a while longer while the footman banked up the fire.
The man shook his head. “Mick in the Bridewell?”
“No one,” he said. He was older and shorter than I, but gave the impression of being a taller man by his stance and manner. His shock of dark hair was untamed and he hadn’t shaved in days, but that seemed normal in a place like this where formality counted for little. His large hazel eyes darted back and forth compulsively and his expressive hands were jittery as he spoke in the short, quick bursts characteristic of an addict on edge. Or an addict who was no longer an addict, at least in theory. “It’s obvious.”
John arrives at rehab.
He picked up his fork and attacked the salade verde. The watercress and leeks gave up without a fight. The rest of the meal proceeded without incident and a most delicious dessert was forthcoming for both of us.
“Indeed,” said Holmes. He leaned towards me. “Dilly Mitchell’s friend, Lewis Pratt, I believe.”
“Holmes? Are you asleep?”
After sending James on his way, I hailed a cab and headed to the gaol to see Mick and Dilly. I found Mick as James had described him – chipper, but frightened underneath.
“Next time tell your henchmen to be more careful.” I faced him directly, showing him my forehead. “This is what your air-gun did.”
I nodded. “Sherringford Hall is down this way. I visited there recently for the first time. A gloomy old pile, don’t you think?”
But...
And I had never cared before about that. I was content to live in the light of his brilliant sun. To bask in his heat. To be grateful for every crumb he tossed me, never expecting more.
Charles hung his head. “It was a friend, Lord Reggie Avonmore. He took a passion for a boy who wasn’t a student, but the son of one of the dons. The boy was only 14.”
“Very well, Mr. Sherlock,” said butler. But he cast me a rueful look.
He slid back against the sofa, pulling me along with him.
“I do not believe you are healed quite well enough yet,” said Holmes, reaching under the bedclothes. “But there are other things I might attempt.”
“Thank you, Lady Percy, for your concern,” I said, pocketing her gift. “But I am fine.”
“I can sleep anywhere,” James said brightly. “I can lie by the fireplace here and be quite content.”
But this great house and these deferential servants delineated a Sherlock Holmes I did not know: a spoiled aristocrat, even an autocrat, used to ordering and demanding, a gentleman to the manor born, rather than a gentleman of his own making, as was I.
“I served my Queen and Country and I am not sorry for it,” I declared. “You may not believe this, but my life is more than satisfactory. I don’t have a surfeit of money, but I am comfortable. I have a small medical practice in which I trust I contribute to the common good. And, contrary to what you may think, I have a loyal companion in Mr. Holmes. We are well suited to each other and live as friends – and nothing more!”
“Quite right,” I replied.
“I gave my word,” I said. “I may be many things that are not admired by polite society and I will undoubtedly soon perform deeds that will brand me a criminal, but today I remain a man of honour.”
“That mustn’t happen, Doctor!” Alfie declared. “Mr. Charles is a good fellow, but he... he...”
“No, thank you,” I said, not looking at him. He reminded me too much of James.
Without delay we set off across the fields.
Alfie grinned at me slyly. “Why what everyone knows about all the Sherringford-Holmes family, Doctor – that they’re all stone crazy! But if he can ease Mr. Charles’ mind and catch this blackmailer, then I won’t hold being a loony against Mr. Sherlock Holmes!”
“I feared as much,” she responded. “But when the dog came down for his breakfast, the cat was sitting on the hearth rug, washing her paws as neat as you please. Gladstone took one took at her and then sat down and ate as if nothing was amiss. The cat hissed a warning at him, but otherwise there was little incident.”
“A... a gunshot?” I said. “I heard no gun. Are you certain?”
“But why?” the Irishman demanded suspiciously. “Is this a trap?”
I walked around, taking in the scene. It was too discombobulating to be offered all this on a silver platter. Or perhaps my skeptical nature was making me overly wary. “Did your brother live here?” The flat was clean, but had the dusty veneer of a site long out of use.
But the sitting room was empty. Only his empty coffee cup sat abandoned on the table next to the sofa.
I was taken aback. Although I had a number of works in print it always surprised me when I found that someone had actually read one. “Yes, I do. A few modest stories of suspense and adventure.”
“Not that one again,” I sighed.
At Mycroft's estate.
“Dilly was prob’ly watching her. She has the room next to mine. Some gents don’t like a cat prowlin’ ’round the place when they’re on their game, you know what I mean? But you’ll do that, won’t you, Doctor? Take care of Moggy for me? Please?”
“It’s capital!” he boasted at the Criterion Bar where we had met for a drink a few days before. “You must marry! It’s quite the best thing I have ever done. Clean shirts, decent food, someone to order the servants about – and other advantages, too, if I may say so!” He winked and dug his elbow sharply into my ribs.
She glanced over at Fred and he handed her my file, which she opened. “You were a surgeon.”
Campton Grange was a newish house, perhaps fifty years old, and not very impressive compared to Sherringford Hall. But it was clear that the family who lived there was prosperous and the place had a brighter prospect than Holmes’ gloomy family manse.
“What man are you thinking of?” I said, knowing there was only one in his thoughts.
“Yes,” I conceded. “I have always liked blonde women, especially when they have some wit about them.”
“I know,” Holmes returned. “I am a right berk. It’s part of my charm.”
A special invitation comes to Baker Street.
Flashbacks continue.
“Thank God for that!” I exclaimed. “I’ve had a deuced time in carriages recently. The train cannot be any worse!”
Quickly – that was the way to do it. It was the only way – I could not shoot myself otherwise, I was too fainthearted. But once Holmes was dead, killing myself would be easy, for I would not wish to live another moment longer.
“This telegram just came for you.” He handed me the envelope. “I brought it up directly.”
We began tentatively, exploring each other’s bodies. We already knew each other as intimately as two friends, two who were as near as brothers, may comprehend one another, but this was a new territory to discover, to explore, to conquer.
I bumbled out of Stamford’s house like a damned fool. I do not know what came over me, but I had to get out of there.
“Doctor! Doctor Watson!”
“I told you I had me own place,” he said with real pride.
“I think you’ll do well,” said Fred. “You don’t have an addict’s personality.” He paused. “Unlike some people here. They dig in their heels and refuse what’s good for them. But you want to do well and please. You’re a doctor and that’s important. I think you could help others, John. You might do a world of good -- as long as you conform and learn to work the program.”
Time runs out...
“Good,” I said, picking my clothes from off the floor. “And so have I.”
“Now, now, my dear lady,” I said, patting her hand. “I do what I must do. I was a soldier and a soldier must do his duty. That’s what being an honourable gentleman means. You may not shrink from danger, no matter what the consequences.”
But something – or someone – was in the room.
“Poor old Gladstone,” Holmes laughed. “He’s not as young as he used to be.”
“Gentlemen!” Fred was almost shouting.
“Yes, indeed,” she nodded. “Here is Mr. Osric and his bride.” She pointed to a smaller portrait of a young couple, the man standing behind the seated woman, his hand resting lightly on her shoulder. They both looked bland and nondescript, hardly the parents of two brilliant minds such as the Holmes brothers. “Mr. Sherlock favors... his grandmother’s side of the family.”
“There’s a nasty burn from the rope on his neck, but it is not life-threatening. And he can speak, so I doubt there is permanent damage to his larynx. But whatever it is that caused him to attempt to take his own life still remains. If he is in so much despair, he may attempt it again – and next time succeed!”
Then one of my club friends directed me to a certain gambling establishment. It was in a disagreeable area of the City, which I will refrain from naming because the humiliation of my youthful imprudence still stings. But I was sure the gods were with me – I was young, handsome, and cocky. The cards must turn my way! Luck had to be mine!
But it did not happen. Time did not cease. Instead the minutes flew onward and I heard Mycroft’s clock strike four out in the sitting room.
He was lying on the bed, sleeping peacefully on his back. His face looked young, untroubled, with all the cares of the world erased. And his mane was tumbled all over his head, like a boy who did not own a comb.
“Begging your pardon, Dr. Watson,” said Collins. “But orders from Inspector Lestrade say both prisoners are to be kept here, on close watch.”
“Don’t be absurd.” Holmes made a face full of distaste. “That would be a disgraceful display of emotional excess.”
“Not ill,” I disclosed. “But tired. This business with the Griffith lad is vexing. It has upset me more than I care to admit.”
I flailed out, in a panic of terror.
“My father and mother were killed in a freak gondola accident in Venice when I was 18 years old, predeceasing the old Earl by more than a decade. When old Sheridan Sherringford-Holmes finally died at quite an advanced age, my elder brother inherited all, according to the laws of primogeniture. But as to the title – it is still in dispute. Of course, Mycroft, being the indolent creature that he is, has never pursued the matter and I doubt he ever will. And so the ancient Earldom will die with him, since I cannot conceive of a more unlikely candidate for marriage and procreation.”
“That remains to be seen,” the Irishman commented.
“You’re welcome, Doctor,” said Lovell, his face a veritable mask.
My world.
“Might you drop me here?” I asked. “My brother’s house is along this way.”
Alfie looked distinctly uncomfortable. “Yes, Doctor,” he conceded. “Mr. Charles and me – well, I’ve known him all his life.” He unconsciously stroked his young master’s troubled brow. “This is a small world ’round here, sir.”
“I believe so.”
“Nothing,” I said, sitting up. “I beg your indulgence, Holmes, but I think you should go back to your own room now.”
“An old wives’ tale, that,” Holmes sighed. But he moved over – slightly. “I’ll take that whiskey and soda now, if you please, James.”
But that moment... it was everything to me.
One day I had the carriage take me into town and drop me on the Strand for luncheon and some shopping, with orders to pick me up a few hours later. But I did not go shopping – I went to the University of London to inquire about entering the Medical School.
“No,” he replied. “It is another man. You see, I wrote Dilly some letters. I begged her to run away with me. I had money, enough for passage to New York and for us to live comfortably there. I told her it would not matter that she wasn’t really a woman. No one in America would know us, so she could pass as my wife. We would be happy there!”
“The amount you pay for your share of the lodgings...” She winced in chagrin. “It’s only half of what Mr. Holmes pays. I have been compelled to raise the rent a number of times over the years due to growing expenses, but he told me not to say anything since your Army pension was so fixed. He’s been making up the difference. I’m so sorry, Doctor. I didn’t mean to tell you!”
The door was opened by a man equally nondescript. He looked more like a clerk than a male madam: of middling height, with a dark moustache and thinning hair, in shirt sleeves. This was Hammond, the proprietor.
One way that would solve the problem for both of us.
And the Irishman smiled.
“I saw you at the reception,” she said. “I was not aware you were in Rome.” She paused. “Or that you had been taken up by...”
“Yes, my friend Mr. Holmes has business elsewhere.”
“Indeed,” said Holmes. “You know, I assume, that Lestrade believes you to be in some danger in the city.”
“Two of ’em,” Clark replied proudly. “A right pair of customers for the hangman.”
“Pray do not bar Miss Morstan from the house again, James,” I commanded. “And I’ll make sure that Holmes doesn’t destroy her future correspondence.”
“Oh, a night out will be so nice for you, Doctor! I’ll have the girl bring the tray up directly,” she said.
No wonder Holmes despised me! No wonder he could barely stand the sight of me. I was not fit for the company of a decent, honourable man such as Sherlock Holmes. The sooner I quit these lodgings, the better.
I snatched my cane from the umbrella stand and stalked out, the dog at my heels.
“Regent Street is only a short stride away,” Holmes pointed out. “Are you well enough to proceed to the Langham?”
My face went red at the realization that my body was betraying my interest in what had passed on the stage.
“Yes, at Lady Percy’s salon. But that is not where I first noticed you. That was in Florence. You were looking at the David, gazing on it with fascinated eyes. And I was gazing at you. I could not decide which was more beautiful – the marble or you. But since I could not possess the statue – carrying off that theft is beyond even my ability – I vowed to possess you. So I bided my time, watching and waiting. You may have youth and beauty, my boy, but I have the gift of patience. And anticipation makes the consummation all the sweeter. ‘’Tis a consummation devoutly to be wish’d,’ as the poet said.”
“Discombobulated,” I whispered. “That does not even begin to describe what this has done to me. I cannot grasp what has happened – or why. And... Moriarty? What happened to him?”
“What do you mean?”
I got into bed. James was correct – the bedclothes had been warmed very nicely by the flannel-enwrapped brick.
So that was why his thoughts had turned to matters of the heart. “Is it love?” I asked quietly.
“You did,” said Holmes. “Let us go upstairs and I will explain all.”
“Leave it,” I said. “Please.”
Over the bed was a framed print by Goya, ‘The Sleep of Reason Engenders Monsters.’ I had always thought it a strange choice as a guardian of one’s repose – the sleeper, his head bowed, besieged by creatures of nightmare, their eyes lit by an infernal fire. I would not want to see that image every night, especially not when I was already beset by troubling dreams.
“Madam, you would not dare charge extra for that mangy feline!” Holmes blared. “I know for a fact that she has caught at least ten mice that were lurking in your kitchen and would have infested the entire house had she not impeded their progress. I should charge you for her services!”
I walked out of the room, closing the door behind me. I put on my hat and coat, took my bag, and left Mycroft’s rooms. The usher at the front entrance nodded to me as I exited.
All that night I dreamed of green and ancient forests, full of spirits.
“Go ahead, James,” I said. What harm could it do to hear the lad’s confession?
And Holmes and I lengthened our strides as we made our way across the downs of Sherringford.
“Mycroft was born within a year of their marriage,” Holmes continued. “I came along seven years later. Neither of my parents were – how shall I put it? – enamoured of children. They loved travel and they loved their studies. My brother and I placed after those pursuits by some distance. But we never felt any lack. We had first-rate tutors in every subject, but especially the sciences. My parents were constantly abroad and my grandfather always in London with his various mistresses, but Mycroft and I were free to do what we liked, as long as we devoted part of our time to study. And we both avoided being sent away to a noxious public school full of snobs and junior sodomites. For that I will always be grateful to the old man.”
I shuddered. “Good Lord, Holmes! We have both been fools! At cross-purposes all this time.”
“Mick Wiggins?” She rolled her eyes. “That scamp! Is he involved in this? Is he in gaol?”
I smoothed the dark hair away from his temple, searching for the correct place. There would be no pain, no awareness. It would be finished in a second.
I followed Fred back into the facility. He led me down a corridor and into an office. There were two battered desks, some file cabinets, and a computer on a small table. The walls were hung with the usual decor of rehab -- photographed landscapes adorned with unironic bromides such as ‘A Smile Is the Best Gift,’ ‘Positive Thinking,’ and ‘Acceptance.’
“See?” Mrs. Stamford interjected with delight. “You two have so much in common!”
“I was afraid,” he said. “Afraid you would flee from me in abhorrence. I knew you had also been hurt, in body and in soul. And I did not wish to test you, for fear you would break. I should have known that you were the stronger one. I should have known that. But... I was still afraid. Until...”
Constable Clark waited while we dressed and then drove us across the city in a police van. While in the maria, we did not speak. We all knew this day was coming, but I hoped it might be delayed a trifle longer. Poor Dilly’s life had been so short and tragic, and now her – his – death was destined to be equally as lamentable.
“Right away, Doctor!” The young man bolted out the door on his errand.
“M’s rooms. 8 o’clock. Do not fail me.”
Needless to say, those charms did not disappoint. Paris is a city with a reputation for sin, especially for jaded Englishmen. But I was far from jaded, which worked to my advantage. Even relative innocence has its appeal, and compared to the usual run of English sinner, I was a mere babe in the woods. As elsewhere on the continent, my youthful enthusiasm and fresh face opened doors to palaces and brothels, ballrooms and low dives, theatres and racecourses, literally anywhere that offered amusements I had scarce dreamed of in my Spartan Jesuit school.
“That is no longer possible,” said Holmes. “I remember when he was a pup. Even then he was a greedy and indolent creature. And ill-tempered.”
For years I thanked God that Holmes was an automaton. He seemed from the beginning to be one untouched by common emotion. On occasion I would witness a crack in his steely composure, but those cracks always mended quickly. Holmes was a man who did not need another human soul in order to be complete, but was entirely sovereign in body and mind. I admired such supreme control and strove to be like him.
I turned my head away and gazed broodingly out the window. Holmes must have awakened by now. He must be wondering where I had gone. Perhaps he’d even sent word to Baker Street and been informed by Mrs. Hudson that I’d quit our rooms and the city, leaving no forwarding address.
I detest having my emotions played on. It’s ill of him to do so.
“Holmes has his ways,” I answered coolly. I might criticize Holmes and his peculiarities, but I didn’t like to hear others do so.
Holmes’ words put my mind into a turmoil. I thought of the Irishman and the time we had spent together. The times when I feared and hated him. And the times when I loved him. “All that is in the past,” I said finally. “It doesn’t matter now.”
I smiled at him. “Like the Metallica fan in Group?”
“Thank you, James. Why don’t you go down to Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen and get yourself some breakfast?”
“I think not,” said Holmes. “Because you and Dilly Mitchell and William Fisher have been in the blackmail business for quite some time, even before Dilly became mixed up with Charles Griffith. And what about the boy brothel on Cleveland Street, where you have been working regularly for over two years? When were you going to mention that nasty business?”
“It will be good to be home,” I said, feeling strong arms about me, warm breath upon my neck.
“Enjoying the works of art,” said the Irishman smoothly. “Vernet was an accomplished painter of historical scenes, but I prefer his portraits. They have more soul, don’t you agree, Johnny Lad? This one especially. A beautiful woman is always a fit subject for art. But so is a beautiful young man.”
Perhaps that’s why I didn’t notice him at first. My mind was preoccupied. The street and pavement were crowded, as they always are in midday in that part of London, especially on a brisk April day when the sun was still attempting to breach the morning fog.
“What do you know of it?” I sniffed.
“But you don’t believe in fate or any of that superstitious nonsense,” I reminded him.
“Two pints of bitter for me and the doctor here,” Wiggins called. “Sit yourself down, Doctor. Make yourself at home.”
“Hold a moment, Holmes! I thought you said your grandmother was French. The sister of that painter fellow.”
“And what do you know about this matter?” I probed, trying to use Holmes’ own methods of obtaining information. “You are the major’s manservant, but I imagine you also valet for his son, is that not true?”
“You should be, John,” he said, his voice mesmerizing. “You have no idea of my power. Or of my grand plans. In your entire life you will never meet anyone who is my intellectual equal. I am offering you a chance at greatness. You will have more power, more wealth, more satisfaction than you have ever dreamed of. That is my promise. What does the mundane world have to offer you? A pittance! A small allowance on which to live. A dismal career as a solicitor like your boring father. A drab middle class female as wife. A hobbled little life. That is what you can expect. What a waste of beauty that would be! I collect beautiful things, you know. And you are extraordinarily beautiful.”
“I’m sorry,” I murmured. “You should have spoken of this before.”
“His name is Sherlock,” said Fred, annoyance permeating his voice. “We use only first names here. You know the rules, Sherlock.”
I had not had that dream for a long time, perhaps not in years. But I had it that night.
“Dr. Watson?” It was James at the door of my room.
In the morning we rose, dressed, and a carriage took us to the dock, where a steamship was boarding passengers for America. A late summer rain was falling and we sat in the carriage, waiting for our turn to embark.
“You can tell the Guv’nor you saw how I was doin’,” he said. “See that his consideration ain’t gone to waste.”
“Life is what it is, Watson,” Holmes said. The comment was out of the blue. He looked up at the sky, where the sun struggled to break through the glowering clouds.
I rolled my eyes and settled back in my seat, ignoring him for the rest of the long, wet journey.
“I’ll leave you two to get acquainted,” said Fred. Fred was one of the senior staff and he had just introduced me to the man I’d be sharing quarters with for the next thirty days.
And now...
“Watson. It’s Holmes. Pray open your eyes and look at me!”
“I am very interested in the effect of Art on the senses,” continued Wilde. “And the consequences of Art on how one lives one’s life. It must be a disconcerting thing to look upon one’s own face from many years before and understand that time has passed. Not that you are not a handsome fellow now, my dear John.”
“Are you really here?”
“Perhaps,” Mrs. Hudson said. “And that cat – she seems to be settling in.”
“But your brother...”
Mick Wiggins looked weary and soiled, but compared to the pathetic Dilly he was as on holiday. He leaped up and broke into a broad grin when he saw us. “Doctor! And the Guv! You gents look a rare treat. I knew you’d come to spring me!”
“You turn now,” the Russian directed. “Please, Doctor, sir?”
Mrs. Hudson put her hand to her bosom. “This is most vexing, Doctor. Please reconsider!”
I went into Holmes’ bedchamber. I had only rarely entered its hallowed precincts in the years we had resided at 221b. Holmes liked his privacy and I respected that, although he did not feel the same compunction, often invading my room at all hours, dragging me from my bed and hastening me off into the night on some errand of adventure.
“He’s a deuced nuisance!” Holmes returned. Then he took out a clean handkerchief. “You’re still bleeding. There’s blood on your shirtfront.”
“Oh, don’t mind me, Doctor,” said James, grinning as he handed Holmes the glass of whiskey. “Lips sealed and all that.”
“How did you get here?” Holmes demanded. Frustration was etched on his face. He hated being bested at his own game, but he especially could not stomach being bested by the weaselly Inspector Lestrade. “Did someone hear the crime being committed and summon the police?”
“All is not lost,” he continued. “It is only beginning.”
James stood and wiped his hands on a towel. “Will do, Mr. Sherlock. And I’m so pleased, Doctor! You’ll be right as rain from now on, I know it.”
“An informer has given word that one of Moriarty’s escaped minions has a grudge against the lad,” Holmes continued. “They fear he will testify against the gang.”
“As you always do,” I agreed.
Of course as yet I was far from fine, but I wasn’t going to let Holmes or James treat me like an invalid.
“A stab wound. From a fairly short knife. Perhaps even a penknife. Made from behind. By a right-handed man.” I opened my bag and took out a solution of antiseptic phenol and some cotton. Then I cleansed my hands with the carbolic to prevent further contamination.
“They are certainly comical creatures,” I agreed.
“Yes, so I said before.”
But the main disadvantage was that I would be out of his sight for the better part of the day for weeks at a time. I would be interacting with people he had not approved, perhaps even making friendships, or at least acquaintances, with them. But it was also becoming clear that he could not keep me locked up in the Hampstead house for the remainder of my life. And we could not spend all our time traveling when he needed to be in London, conducting his business. This was a dilemma that the Irishman’s colossal brain had never imagined facing and it left him in a confusion that was unprecedented.
“I will be there.”
“He’s a heroin addict,” Fred replied flatly. Which seemed an odd thing to say seeing that the entire place was filled with addicts of one sort or another. And seeing that I was also there for addiction to hard narcotics. “And a very recalcitrant one to boot. He’s crafty and sly and thinks he’s better than anyone else here because...” Fred stopped. “But that’s no matter. He’s a bad influence. I wouldn’t have put you in with him except we are very full right now and the alternative was to put a younger and more impressionable patient in there.” Fred curled his lip. “Sherlock talks a good game, but he’s a failure, John. He’s been in rehab multiple times before and always backslid. He’s in now because the alternative was prison.”
“Yes, London is a bustling place, indeed,” I said. “And you wish to... to seek your fortune?” That sounded ominous.
I opened the door.
Holmes sniffed. “That’s in the Georgian wing of the house. My grandfather’s room. It’s not as dark and gothic as this chamber, but it’s even colder. And much too far away! You could call for the servants all night and they’d never hear you!”
“Quiet!” he urged in a strangled whisper. “Yes, I doubt I’d last a week. And Brother Mycroft knows it. So do the authorities at New Scotland Yard. They have no wish to see me in lock-up. I’m far too valuable to them, drugs or no drugs. But I also can’t stay in this infernal dump for the rest of my admittedly unnatural life.”
When I saw Dilly my heart sank even lower. The boy was thinner and paler than before, if that was possible. He had not been imprisoned even a week, but this was the result. A month would be the death of him.
I went and stood next to him. I took the decanter and helped myself to a glass. “You should never drink alone. It’s the first sign of the long slide to becoming a true drunkard.”
“I have a proposition to make to you,” said Holmes.
To that I did not reply.
“No, you’re not dreaming,” said Charles. “Mr. Holmes sent me word that you were ill and I came right away. Why didn’t you write to me?”
His words startled me. “Possibly. But I wouldn’t know for certain.”
On the other was Sherlock Holmes.
“Yes,” he replied, his expression unreadable. “I am ready. I have seen all I need to see here, and learned all I need to know.”
I locked up my consulting room and met Mrs. Hudson on the stairs.
“‘Unto the breech, Dear Friend,’” I replied. “As always.”
“It is time for me to leave this place.” I brushed off my coat-sleeve where his hand had touched me.
“And more,” Holmes added thoughtfully.
“Don’t question,” it would read. “And don’t try to follow. Trust me that I need to go away for my own peace of mind. It is better thus. Farewell, my friend.”
“And I don’t know when he will return,” I replied. “I told you that when he is on a case he is often gone for many days at a time. It is not for us to question where he is and what he is doing. Whatever it is, it is necessary.”
