“Because I’m trying to enjoy a day, one day with my family without worrying about other stuff. I know, I should never stop worrying because I’m a father of a four year old, but just…” Dean drowned his beer in one go.
It turned out that most of the people from their table, were Mr. Novak’s cousins. Since one of his brother’s couldn’t be here because of his position in the family, and the other one was dead. The cousins eyed them with distaste and unhidden disgust on their faces, and at first, Dean wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do with it, but he noticed that it didn’t seem to bother Mr. Novak much, so he just shrugged and ignored them as well. There were introductions, of course, and they tried to be polite with him, and cautiously respectful to Mr. Novak, but they both saw through their bullshit. These people were the only ones that were blood-related to Mr. Novak. And Anna probably thought it would be a great idea to have them sit with them. Dean wasn’t sure that it was a great idea, but he wasn’t going to express his opinion on the matter.
He lifted his left arm up swiftly and shot, right in the middle of his forehead, bullet leaving from the back of his head. One shot. That's all it took.
“Maybe you are not, but for them, you provide safety,” Balthazar said, with an amount of seriousness that made Castiel realize that he was right.
The Dealer, who was unaware of the whole situation, started to deal, and then the game started. Castiel’s mind wasn’t into the game, but on Dean and how he was with Amara. They spoke to each other in low voices. While Amara sat in a high and rigid way, Dean was a bit slumped forward and he’d have to move slightly close to Amara to speak to her. More than once, Dean’s lips even grazed her throat as he spoke to her in low voice, but she didn’t even react to it in any way. Dean was completely ignoring Castiel, and the fact that he was sitting
“What, why are you pushing me away? Don’t tell me it’s your goddamn phone,” Dean said grumpily, and Castiel had to smile because of the adorable pout he was sporting.
“K…” Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean and pulled him as close as he could. He had closed his eyes all the way up to his bedroom. He just breathed in the scent that was Dean, and relaxed further in Dean’s arms.
Alastair had gotten older. That was the only difference Dean could see on his features. Other than that, he was still the same ol’ son of a bitch that ruined him for everyone else. Well, not for everyone else… A certain blue eyed person, an angel, had actually took him in and he had shown Dean so many emotions that it was overwhelming.
“So, Alastair likes having everyone under his control. He is obsessed with it,” Mr. Novak was saying and it took Dean a second to realize what he said.
“Not mine. I don’t need this anymore,” Dean said. He was avoiding eye contact, staring somewhere around Castiel’s chest.
Castiel took another step forward and another, and soon, he was standing in front of Dean. They were in public and he couldn't just lean in and kiss Dean, as much as he wanted to, so he just stared into Dean's eyes.
“Hey,” Charlie said, her voice low. Castiel turned to look at her. “Everything is going to be okay, yeah?”
“If I have to, I will. Since you’re being lazy,” Dean said with mock-seriousness. But then he cracked and gave Castiel a wink. “C’mon old man, chop chop.”
Their breaths stuttered as they started to slowly grind up against one another. Mr. Novak’s hands slid down his back and grabbed his ass. He groped at it and then slid further down. The only warning Dean got was Mr. Novak’s pause before he hoisted up Dean; who was quick enough to wrap his legs around Mr. Novak’s waist. He moved them away from the door and Dean pulled back enough to stare down at him, and say, “How are you so strong? You aren’t even straining.”
Dean had gotten older. But he still held the same beautiful features that made Castiel’s lips burn with the need to kiss the skin. He was clean shaven, his hair was beautifully style, and his lips were the same way; plum and red. His cheeks were rosy, due to the weather. His eyes were filled with so many emotions that Castiel would’ve looked away, had this been in any other situation, but right now? Right now he needed to drink Dean’s appearance in because it was too much not to.
Castiel panicked, though. He couldn’t not panic. On the bed was lying the man that was his everything…
The path that took him back was filled with flower beds on either side of them, and lights that prevented him from stumbling his way around here. He rounded the corner and up the stairs, and into the house. There were some people here as well, having quiet conversations between one another, drinking their expensive alcohols. Dean tipped back his glass and drunk it all. Placing the glass down at the nearest table, Dean took the stairs up to the second floor for the bathroom.
Mr. Novak shook his head and said, “You don’t have to apologize. I understand why you’re afraid to meet the pack,” Dean tensed at the mention of them, but Mr. Novak’s thumb caressing his cheeks made him relax enough to listen to what Mr. Novak had to say. “But we have to do this. Because you’re slowly, but surely becoming part of my pack and I want them to get to know you, so there won’t be any mishaps.”
“I’ll show you who doesn’t have heart,” Crowley grumbled, fetching out his phone from his pants and typing away on it.
“Wanna dance?” Mr. Novak asked, and the apology that was going to leave Dean’s lips faded into the background. Dean’s lips parted as he stared at Mr. Novak for a second, who was staring at him right back, unwaveringly. Dean’s mouth dried at the offer and he had to clear his throat couple of times to be able to speak.
“Gabby, Gabby, Gabby…” he hadn’t called Gabriel that for so long, he was a bit surprised to see Gabriel tensing. He knew what it meant when Castiel called him that; it meant he was displeased with something. “Tell me; where were you the night Samandriel died?”
He was waiting for his men to gather up all of the needed equipment. Once that was done, they needed to head out to separate places. In the time of their waiting to get some answers, they received an anonymous tip as to where Alastair’s right hand was dining tonight.
Dean looked into Mr. Novak’s eyes and he could see the struggle in them. These people knew who he was, of course they knew. But Dean had a feeling that these people wouldn’t hurt him, or throw stuff at him, be it verbally or physically.  Though it didn’t take long for Mr. Novak to just sigh and nod his consent. Dean’s smile grew as he grabbed Mr. Novak’s hand and tugged him to get close.
“You ready for this?” asked Mr. Novak, his voice breathless in his ear. Dean shuddered from it and nodded. “Good boy. Get on your hands and knees for me, however way you want.”
Never mind that. Castiel held out his hand and Crowley stepped forward presenting Castiel with his gun. He took it, clocked it, and hit Gabriel’s solar plexus with the butt of it. Gabriel doubled over and a wheezing sound left his lips. Castiel rolled his eyes at the display and grabbed Gabriel’s hair and roughly brought him back down.
“Hm…” Crowley said, staring at the map again and then walking around the table to sit behind it. Castiel placed his glasses back down on the table and ran a hand over his face.
Thank you all so much for your comments. They keep me wanting to write more and more every day. Keep it up!
“I’m not supposed to know these things, because I wasn’t allowed in the office and in the meetings,” Dean said, but then he hesitated, before adding, “I wasn’t close to her in the way I was close to you.”
Castiel needed to rest for a bit, so he got up from the chair, and without saying a word, made his way to his bedroom. Nobody asked after him, which was a relief. He went to his bedroom, and closed the door after him. The bed was made since he didn’t sleep in his bedroom last night. He didn’t sleep much. Maybe that’s why he was suddenly feeling so lightheaded. He toyed off his slippers, and laid down on the bed. Few seconds later, he was asleep.
And when Mr. Novak tried to take his hand into his, Dean placed his hands inside his pockets, and ignored the look that Mr. Novak shot at him. Dean really needed to take a shower tonight.
The feeling that coursed through him as he thought that was overwhelming. It felt warm, and right, and steady. It felt like the right thing to think about, so he accepted it, without question.
Eventually they parted and Dean pushed back to stand up. Before he left, he leaned in again and gave another chaste kiss to Castiel and started to walk away. “Hey, Dean,” Castiel said and Dean turned around to look at him. His lips were red and his cheeks still had a rosy blush to them, and his eyes were so bright that it took a moment for Castiel to find his voice. “You look good today,” he finally said, not even close to anything that he really wanted to say.
“I’ll be back soon,” Dean said. He walked away and Castiel checked out how his ass looked in the towel. When the bathroom door was shut behind Dean, Castiel let out a loud sigh. He sat there for only a minute, before he started to dry himself up and get dressed. He was pulling down his shirt when Dean walked out of the bathroom. His hair was still wet, but it wasn’t hanging over his forehead as before.
“Nice to meet you,” Dean said with a smile of his own. Anna returned his smile with a big one. Her cheeks dimpled as she did so. Her face was round, and it had a motherly look to it.
“Pants. We need to… pants,” Dean breathed out, but he continued to kiss Mr. Novak. His hands moved down Dean’s body, and he did a quick work on them. He pushed back, and Dean let out a dissatisfied sound; he didn’t want for them to have any sort of distance between them.
“It’s been… hard. The past few years, it’s been hard,” Dean said, and Castiel sort of froze. He remained silent as Dean struggled to find word to say what was on his mind. “I’d been going over this whole thing, back and forth, for the last couple of months… or maybe a lot longer, I don’t really know.”
“I don’t know you,” she said, and her voice had an adorable squeakiness to it that made Castiel smile.
“Y-Yes,” he replied, feeling hesitant. There was a twitch from Dean, but Castiel didn’t look at him.
They were silent, looking at one another from a distance between each other. Dean could feel the tension in the air between them. It was suffocating him. He suddenly realized that he didn’t want for Castiel to not be part of his life. He realized that he needed Castiel in his life. Right now. He needed him back into his life. But there was so much that he didn’t know about the man in front of him. And one of the many things was the fact that Castiel wouldn’t allow him to touch him. The way Dean wanted to touch him.
It was too silent here, and he didn’t know what he was going to be greeted with when he’d open the doors. Taking a deep breath, he reached for the door handle. He was just about to turn it down, but he felt a presence behind him. He lifted his hand off the handle, slowly, and then tightened his hold on his gun.
“Stop apologizing. I know what happened. And it's not your fault,” Castiel said as he walked closer to the bed. “Are you up to report me of the area?”
“You’re a writer?” asked Dean, surprised. Turning to ask this of Castiel, while the others started to talk in between them. “Do I know anything you’ve written?”
“Maybe you should’ve thought about it before you started to work for the others.” Balthazar took a step back and crossed his hands in front of him, holding the gun in his hand still. “You keep quiet until he gets here, so he can’t blow your head off.”
Ignoring the looks they were receiving, Castiel turned his back to the crowed and faced Charlie, who seemed to be a little shaken. "Are you okay? I'm so sorry for that. I forgot there was going to be the press."
“Of course it matters!” Sam all, but yelled at him by this point. “Of course it matters! Because I'm talking about your safety here, Dean.”
Castiel didn't think she would, but she did. She was probably busy raising their two children. Dean had yelled at him for this decision until his voice cracked, but Castiel didn't say anything, and he silently took that anger in. His men didn't have anything to say about this.
And the one that he lost, personally, had a four-year-old kid. Going into five. Castiel just hoped that he would find them, both of them, soon.
Anna was pointing this out to Dean, while they were inside the house. It was extremely hot outside and they didn’t feel like going out and getting in the way of the people working there. Dean was nodding his head along to what Anna was saying to him. She was wearing a white dress today, with sandals, and her hair was up in a ponytail. Dean was wearing jeans with a white t-shirt. His hands were inside his pockets as he looked on the scene before him. It was going to be a beautiful day for them, he could see it in his head already. Anna had a great taste, that was already a given, seeing as she was going to marry Emilio who was extremely gorgeous.
He placed his phone on his stomach and waited for the reply, which would come soon. Mr. Novak didn’t like replying to his messages late. And just as the thought passed through his head, his phone lit up with a new message.
He quickly got undressed and walked to the shower. It took him a bit of a work but he managed to get the water running at a warm temperature. He walked out of the bathroom and walked around the desk to get to his ba. He got his towels and shampoo from there, and walked back to the bathroom.
“And please, for the love of everything, be careful,” Castiel knelt behind the counter, using it as his own barrier against the people that kept coming in, as he shot at them quickly and as fast as he could.
“I want to. I want to, sir, please. Please,” Dean was practically begging Castiel. And it was a beautiful sight. Castiel caressed Dean’s face, down his cheek to his chin, to his neck. Dean kept repeating
“You may go,” he said in a monotonous voice. He didn’t get an answer. Castiel closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Dean was probably going to leave soon, and the door was going to snap on Dean’s way out. But the longer Castiel sat there, the longer it grew quiet. He opened his eyes and turned back around to look at Dean, who was still standing there; his face blank, devoid of emotions.
“Now, now, Alastair. No need to talk about yourself in such manners,” Castiel said, adding a bit of humor in his voice. He took a sip from his wine and it melted on his tongue.
“Good,” Castiel said, as he moved his hands down Dean’s balls and behind them where he found Dean’s hole.
Castiel ran the city, he could have access to anything and everything that he wanted, and however he wanted. But he wasn't an asshole just because one of his men was here. People's lives mattered, and he hated when there had been occasions where they had left more casualties than it was necessary. So he made sure to let his men know that he wasn't happy with it. And after that, they'd been much more careful with how they conducted their business. There had been accidents, of course, and Castiel made sure to find out who had been that person, and went to their house, to pay his respects, and support the family in any he could.
Dean knew he was closing in on hysteria, but he couldn’t help it. This man, the gorgeous, sex on legs man, the Russian mob boss, wanted
And then one day, Balthazar burst through the doors and fast-walked to Castiel, looking wide-eyed with excitement. "We got him!" he said, and Castiel stood up, his heart beating fast in his ribcage. "We found the Winchester brother."
They both went down with a grunt and Azazel started to punch his side. On the way down, Castiel’s gun got knocked out of his hand. He brought down his elbow and punched Azazel’s shoulder blade, since he was still laying down on him. The man grunted in pain and it gave Castiel an escape to push the man away from him. They scuffled around, but Castiel was lean and quick, so he turned them around. Azazel was now on his back and Castiel was kneeling over him. He was holding Azazel down with one hand on his neck, close to squeezing his windpipe. The other one was curled into a fist ready to strike over Azazel’s face.
His eyes were still wide with arousal and Castiel leaned forward and kissed him on the lips, grasping him by the chin to keep Dean in place. Their lips glided together, and when Castiel slipped his tongue inside Dean’s, he sighed through his nose in content as he tasted both Dean and himself on his tongue. His grip tightened on his chin as he chased after the taste, Dean opening up to him more and more by the second. When Castiel had his filling, he pulled back. He smirked as Dean made an aborted move to chase after his lips.
“Hi,” Dean breathed out. They squeezed each other close for a moment and then they released their hold. They pulled back, but not too far from each other. “So, tell me what’s been going on with you, and why do you look like you need more than a day’s worth of sleep.”
Alastair sneered down at him from above and Dean screamed behind his gag, his heart beating frantically in his chest. Dean could feel Alastair’s hands on his hips, bruising him as they held Dean’s body down. His breathing turned erratic when he felt Alastair’s hardness brush up against his inner thigh. He was close to puking from the feeling, but he didn’t have to even do anything. Alastair’s hands moved down his hips to his butt and Dean felt himself being stretched by dry fingers. Dean’s whole body seized up at the intrusion and he tried to shuffle away from them, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t do anything but lay down there and ride this whole thing out.
Breakfast passed by mostly silent. Mr. Novak's phone kept vibrating. Dean wanted to ask what it was about, but he knew it wasn't his place to ask so he kept his mouth shut and ate his food. He also wanted to know what happened yesterday but again he couldn't ask. He was here to please him, and he was going to do just that.
More shuffling of papers, and Sam sighed. “Five grand a month,” he snorted angrily. “This is bullshit. She's milking you while using your daughter.”
Castiel got his hands, but he didn’t check what he got, neither did Tommy Gun. The SNL actress did, and her lip twitched. Dead giveaway of having a good pair. For now. The Dealer placed three cards on the table. Castiel was displeased by them, but never mind that. Gun was raising the ante, so Castiel followed suit. The actress did as well. The Dealer flipped another card. This time Gun checked his cards, and then there was a split second of hesitation, before he raised again. Castiel quickly followed, he wasn’t sure what he was betting at right now. He just needed to spend the money on something. There was that familiar itch under skin.
Dean hadn’t even thought about his allergy concerning any type of pets. He just wanted to see his daughter’s happy and smiling face all the time. Now, looking at his daughter smiling and safe in his arms, he shook his head and smiled at Jessica for trying to make Natalie agree to go with them. She didn’t even know why Dean was acting like this, didn’t even ask if he needed her help; she didn’t need to though, because she knew that Dean trusted her like his own brother, so she took the situation in her hands and gently stirred it into her way. Even though she had to bargain with Natalie to make her do what they wanted her to do.
Dean swallowed and looked at the dealer. “Leave. Now.” She didn’t need to be told twice. She just backed away from the table and ran out of the room. The door banging close after her. Dean looked at the door, making sure that it was actually closed, and then looked back at Castiel. “Release the gun. Now.”
“Oh…” Dean deflated after Castiel said it. Castiel could see the thoughts whirling about in his head and Castiel was ready to offer another thing, but then Dean sat up straighter and said, “I will do it, sir. If it will please you, I will.”
For now, though, he needed to concentrate on the attack plan on her. Once that was taken care of, he could concentrate on bringing Dean back to a balanced mindset.
“I feel like there’s something missing, and I don’t know what,” she said as she sat in front of him, going through the papers.
Castiel shifted his legs a bit, an uncomfortable feeling in his chest. “I come here, and I’m told you’re in your office. I tell your people to stay away from the office. I come in, and what do I see?”
. He knew, at the back of his head, that he was going to be punished for coming here so late, but the prospect of being punished by
Before he went to have some shut eye, Castiel took a shower and then changed into comfortable sweatpants and a T-shirt. He was still wearing them when Balthazar arrived couple of hours later. So he pulled out his phone from his sweatpants pocket, and placed it face up on the table. “I got the message.”
“This isn’t your house. This isn’t the way you’re supposed to be opening the doors’ to other people’s houses. And this isn’t the right way to fucking talk to me,” Castiel didn’t even know what he was saying. He just felt… He felt something akin to fear in his gut. And he didn’t like it the least.
He just wanted to get this over with and go back home and take care of this before it would get too out of hand.
“So close, so close,” Dean kept hissing. Castiel placed his now free hand at the lower part of Dean’s back, to keep him in place as he worked his fingers in Dean.
He covered his eyes with his hand and sighed, trying to calm his wildly beating heart in his chest. He was nervous about this whole thing. Castiel didn’t feel like he was strong enough for this conversation. He had a half made up thought to call Sam in for this, but… they weren’t on speaking terms exactly. Sam had been avoiding him like a plague whenever he’d come in to see his brother. Even when Castiel would sit in the corner of the room, and do nothing but exist.
“I don’t like! I want to go to Castiel!” Natalie screamed at Alastair, and she started to cry. “Castiel is nice!”
Dean barely finished nodding, when another one cracked through the air. This one's impact was a lot harder, and a lot sharper and Dean couldn't contain the sharp cry leaving his lips. “T-ten.”
No one was ever going to be Dean. That was something Castiel had learned a long time ago. Maybe from day one, but he has never confirmed those thoughts before. But now, after so many years of not being around Dean, Castiel accepted that fact.
For the first time since they had broken things off, Dean had been nothing but loyal to his bosses after Castiel. Especially to Amara. But right now, he had gone ahead and broke that trust and loyalty. And for what? For making sure that the man who was responsible for the killing of his daughter to know about the oncoming assault?
She looked livid, her eyes wide open and scared. She also looked panicked. And there was madness in her eyes that Dean had seen way too many times. Dean swallowed and tried to speak, but he couldn’t form word. It was as if his mouth had been sewn shut.
Dean closed his eyes as he started to cry silently. He was surprised that his eyes still produced tears. He was sure that he had cried everything out.
Castiel agreed and they walked silently to the small garden house. The path they took there was as beautiful as the rest of this place. The ground was covered by flat rocks, neatly cut green grass was visible in between the cracks. They were surrounded by cherry blossoms and Castiel could hear the sound of a small, fake stream as they approached the designated spot for them to sit. There was a nice wind in the air, which allowed Castiel to take off his suit jacket and stay in his button down. They sat opposite each other and they were soon offered drinks. Castiel took a glass of whiskey, where Kevin got himself a warm tea.
“Slimy asshole,” Castiel muttered and took out a handkerchief to wipe his hands, at least, before he could go back to the apartment and take a shower properly. “At least you worked on your Russian a bit.”
It has been about 5 days of nonstop raining and cold, and people were thinking that they wouldn’t be able to see the sun anymore for the next couple of month. But today, the weather had other plans, and the sun was out and shining brightly in the sky.
“You wanted me to quit my life, as if that would ever happen. As if it’s that easy to do,” Castiel said, his voice harsher now than before. “It’s never easy. This life is dangerous. And I know the consequences it brings with it. And how it impacts the people in this life.”
Mr. Novak let out a grunt and he breathed out heavily as he pulled back and sat beside Dean. He took deep steadying breaths. Once he regained it, Dean felt him leave the bed. For a panicked moment he thought he was being left behind like this, but then Mr. Novak said, “I’m putting some clothes back on. I’m right here, by the bed. I’m not going anywhere.”
Now, however, was a different experience; he was an adult. While he was excited to fly in the mysterious tube when he was little (look at how
Mr. Novak's eyes sparkled with something that Dean couldn't figure out what. He gave Dean a small smile and said, “I won't. But you have to check with Anna and see if she'll allow you to use her kitchen.”
Of course, this could also be the other way around, where people didn’t give a shit who he was and who he belonged to. And also, Castiel could’ve easily tell his men to not keep an eye out on him. But then today was different, wasn’t it? Castiel wouldn’t have easily known that he would be in the park at that exact moment. Dean was positive that Castiel’s men were keeping an eye on him.
Castiel swallowed with a click. He knew that he was unwelcome by Dean, but he didn’t realize just how much he was not welcome. He frowned and then looked down at the ground. The snow had been mudded up a bit by the people making their way through the park. And some places were slippery. He hadn’t realized how white everything was around here, since he was thinking of Dean. And now that he was here, he realized that Dean was, not to subtly, telling him to fuck off.
He had been focusing on the people more for the last couple of years. And that was probably because he didn’t have anything else to do with his free time. But… he wasn’t ever not present when he had Dean in his life, right? He still did good things back then as well… right?
Dean fluttered his eyes open and then closed them again. The sunlight was too bright in this place. His lips were parted and they were dry, so he closed his mouth and smacked his lips together. It helped to gain consciousness into them for a bit, but he needed to drink some water. His body felt heavy and his back had an uncomfortable feeling to it. Maybe he slept in one position all night long. Judging by the way he was still on his stomach, he probably has.
There had been a steady income of ideas of what to do and who to contact for these actions to take place. He knew for a fact that the Trans family would be by his side with no hesitation. The Germans were a bit of a problem, since they were more involved in drug dealing. And it was already confirmed that Dean was using… and if he was using then he was definitely getting his stash from them, since they had the best drugs in the city. Castiel had to play his cards right, here. Because he wanted for them to stop selling it to Dean, but then he had to do it carefully so as to not draw too much attention to that form of action. He also needed for the Germans to be by his side in this case, because they were a good asset to have. He’d have to have a meeting with Aaron again.
Castiel hid his disappointment behind a sigh, “Well, if you do remember anything, let Gabriel know. Anything at all, okay?”
Castiel ran his hands up and down Dean's legs and thought about it. It wasn't like anyone knew that Dean was associating with him right now, so he wasn't in a direct threat. He wished he could keep it that way. Wished he could keep Dean out of his life, but... Dean needed him. And Castiel, looking up at the green, kind eyes that belonged to Dean, realized that he wouldn't have been able to say
“I got shot, obviously. And then they drove off,” Bobby continued. “I drove myself to the nearest hospital and got taken care of for the shot. While I was there, he came in.”
Dean stared at him for a moment, and then exhaled, “Uh… I think so? Well, yeah. I mean, I wanted to know where Natalie is. And I don’t know why I’m so chill in asking you about her right now, but know that I’m probably high as fuck from these meds and-“
Dean sat on his bed, the next afternoon, reading through the papers that Sam came up with in the morning. He sent the copy to Dean via email, and Dean printed it out. The list wasn't long, but it wasn't short either. It held their limits along with Dean's consent on anything that could happen. And if there was a certain kink that they'd like to explore and both agree on, which wouldn’t be on the list in the first place, was okay with Dean. On the second paper was the agreement whereas, if there was anything that would happen with Dean, while he was with Castiel, which would land him to the hospital, Castiel Novak had to take full responsibility for that.
He simply didn’t care about anything, but his lips moving against the most dangerous person everyone knew about.
“Uhm, we met today, and so we didn't go into details, since he said that he'd like for us to talk about it,” Dean sounded nervous.
Dean nodded and, it seemed like he wanted to lean in, but he wasn't sure if he was allowed to. “Later. Promise,” Castiel said and Dean swallowed and took a step back.
He slowly pushed himself up to sit on his knees, placed his hands in his lap and opened his eyes to stare blankly at the sky in front of him. The thunder cut through the sky in series of big bursts of lights. And then few seconds later he felt the vibrating answers of the lights. Castiel swiveled around and lay down on the matt for Shavasana.
“Of course, Mr. Novak. We have always been by your side. And we always will be. I don’t think my mother would want to have any relations with that rat,” Kevin replied with a smirk on his face. Castiel replied with a smirk of his own, his shoulder sagging with relief. He was still secure with the Yakuza. “So, when is your lovely sister’s wedding?”
“Because...” Dean's voice wavered for a moment and he took a deep steadying breath, and tried again. “Because my body isn't clean.”
He had called his men on duty, who were assigned to look after Dean to see what was happening. They told him that he was back home at this time of the evening, and hadn’t left the building yet. Castiel relaxed back in his chair and looked at his phone again.
She was still talking as Dean stood up to look at Lisa. “Well, we better go,” he said over Natalie’s voice as she started to sing something that she learned from kindergarten.
It was late in the night and Castiel had laid his head down on the bed when he felt a twitch. Castiel sat up quickly and he saw Dean’s eyes fluttering open. His lips were chapped and Castiel looked as he licked at them slowly. Castiel stood up and grabbed the glass of water beside the bed and held it out to Dean’s lips to drink, through a small straw. Dean didn’t look at Castiel, and that was fine. So long as he got some water in him.
Castiel hit him with the cane five more times. Dean’s hips had lifted up from the bed as he tried to get more hits on his bare skin. Soon, Castiel dropped the cane down on the ground and sat beside Dean. “Come here,” Castiel said, and he perched his leg up on the bed, to pull Dean over it. He kneaded the reddened and bruised skin there. Dean reacted in a violent fashion, but not in a way for Castiel to stop. He writhed and hissed as he felt Castiel’s hands on his abused skin.
They held on to each other, two broken men, with two different backgrounds, but so similar to each other. They had each other now. They were far from okay; Dean had his demons to fight, and Castiel had the whole world to fight because of who he was, but together? Together they could heft each other up if they had any bad mishaps, if they had anything bad happening to them. And it was something that made Dean sigh in relief.
Dean’s hair was soft, in the same way as before, and Dean’s reaction to his touch was instantaneous. He leaned up against his hand and turned his head up and stared right into Castiel’s eyes. They were filled with sadness, and he looked somewhat vulnerable like this. But there was something hidden in there that Castiel didn’t think he’d ever see reflected back at him ever again.
Enough was enough. He was starting to feel angry and useless. He made a promise to protect the people of this city and he had done everything but that. Families lost their members because he didn’t do anything about it. If only he could shut down the part of his brain that cared too much and felt like a complete pile of shit, he’d be able to come up with stuff that needed to be done.
“I know, but not tonight. An important thing came up that needs my assistance,” he almost sounded apologetic. “For tonight, I want you to relax. Lora will show you around. You can go anywhere you want within the mansion. It's quiet big.” Mr. Novak stood up and Dean did also. “Now, run along. Lora, please take him to a mini tour of the mansion. But please leave the interesting parts of it to me.”
Castiel wondered if Dean would want to be collared, once their one week was up and he'd want to come and work for him.
“Now tell me, the truth now Gabby, or this’ll hurt more than anything in the world,” Castiel said, leaning over his brother. He was already starting to bruise, his nose was blooded, and there was blood coming out his mouth. He looked awful, and Castiel had nothing in him to feel sorry for him. “How did you decide that the Italians were the good boys? How did you decide that it would be a great idea to betray your own blood? How much did they pay you, to take the innocent blood of an innocent boy?”
Once inside, he shut the door after him and practically pounced onto Dean. Their lips clashed together in a heated kiss, their tongues rubbing against one another, sucking and biting on each other in heat. Dean let out a low moan from the back of his throat and started to run his hands over Castiel’s body. Castiel shuddered at the touch, wanting nothing more than to rip his shirt off of him and let himself
Once it was off of Dean, his dick hard and red, standing up straight, Castiel told Dean, “Bend your knees at the edge of the desk. Push your hips off a bit… Yeah that’s it. Good boy.” Castiel praised him and Dean gave a full body shudder at that. Once Dean was situated, Castiel asked. “Are you okay like this? You’re not straining any muscles?”
Their next attack didn’t go as smoothly as Castiel had hoped. They were waiting for Castiel’s men to show up, and Castiel lost this one. He wasn’t a man who liked being surprised. He really, really, wasn’t.
“I’m going to cane you for some time. I want you to keep quiet. As quiet as you can. Remember that we are not alone in this apartment.”
Dean panicked. His body screamed in protest, he felt like his ass was going to be ripped open. He was surprised to feel how lubricated Alastair’s dick was, and it eased his soreness a bit, but it still didn’t feel pleasurable. It was painful, and Dean wasn’t aroused by it at all. His dick hung limp and shrunken into itself on his belly.
They got to the house in a record time and they were rushed inside by more men. Emilio was in the living room, already talking on the phone with someone. Anna wasn’t around, and it was for the best that she wasn’t. As soon as Emilio saw him, he nodded at him, but didn’t end the call. He was speaking in rapid Spanish, and honestly, Castiel didn’t have enough energy in him to pay attention.
“I’d rather have you, touch my daughter the way you did just now, than have any other bastard even breathing the same air as she does.”
Castiel laughed and hang his head. He closed his eyes and shook his head. “I don’t know about you, but I don’t think I can
Sighing, he walked up the stairs and to his bedroom, only to come to a halt as he saw Balthazar in his room. “What are you doing here?”
The room was dark, since the curtains were drawn. It took Castiel a moment to let his eyes adjust to the darkness, but when they did, he noticed that there was a lump in his bed. His heart aching and beating fast in his ribcage, Castiel walked towards the bed and sat close to the lump, but leaving a space between them.
“If certain someone will behave, we might. We’re gonna hit the park first, get this excessive energy out of her. Don’t wanna put too much stress on Jess,” Dean said with a shrug.
“Come here,” Castiel said and Dean strode up to him confidently. Castiel pushed his chair away from the desk and turned around just in time as Dean approached him. Castiel grabbed him by the belt and pulled him close. Understanding quickly, Dean placed the papers on the desk and straddled Castiel's hips, sitting down on his lap, his hands rested on Castiel's chest.
“I’m so glad,” she said, and she looked so relieved as if Dean’s opinion on her wedding day was the most important part of the day. This made him feel tiny bit better. “Also, I’ve discovered something else.”
“Dean! I need you to calm down, okay?” Castiel said. “Anna’s fine. She wasn’t with me when this happened. I don’t have any answers to any of your questions. I’m waiting for Crowley’s call now. He might know something.”
A nasty smile made its way over Azazel’s lips, and Castiel knew that it wasn’t good. “Gordon has her.”
Castiel was quick to oblige. He nodded and stood up. He was about to leave, but Dean quickly lifted his hand and grabbed his. “You didn’t answer my question.”
“How is my favorite niece doing?” he asked when they pulled apart and he looked at her as if she was his everything. Dean felt warm inside by the display.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel said. He lifted both of his hands and grabbed Dean’s face to pull him closer to him. “I’m sorry,” he whispered before he placed his lips on top of Dean’s. Thankfully, Dean kissed him back and Castiel released the breath that he’d been holding back. Their lips moved together in a deep embrace. Castiel controlled the kiss but Dean was giving it as much as he was receiving. Castiel moaned and pulled Dean closer to him even more. Dean placed his other hand on Castiel’s chest, and the hand on his neck started to play with his hair.
Castiel didn’t have to wait long. He got the reply right away, and he told his driver to take him there as fast as he could. There was a slight traffic on the road, but they managed to get through them fast.
Castiel looked at Balthazar with wide eyes. “What the fuck? Put your gun down. Are you fucking insane?” Had it been someone else, they would’ve been dead by now, but it was Balthazar. His punishment would be much severe. But not right now.
“How long has it been since you last heard from him?” she had asked, while murmuring encouragement to her five-year-old twin girls. It made Castiel smile a little as he heard her speak to them. He had met them this summer when he went to Spain to close a deal with one of the families there. He loved the girls with everything he had, and the girls loved him back equally. They always loved it when uncle Castiel came to visit them. And just now, before they had to eat, they had spoken to him on the phone. They spoke in Spanish more, than they did in English, but it didn’t bother Castiel much since he was fluent in the language.
“Please, Castiel,” Dean used his first name in a way as if he were a man thirsty for water. Castiel’s will crumpled as he let his hands fall to his sides. He could hear Dean swallowing hard just as he moved his hands again; they were shaking on Castiel’s skin.
They hadn’t touched each other. Not in a sexual way. They had kept their distance, with their hands respectfully at their sides. They remained distant from one another. Castiel didn’t know if it was going to make this more difficult, or easier to speak about.
Dean’s strangled up cries left his lips without a problem. He gritted his teeth and tried not to fuck back onto Mr. Novak’s fingers. He panted with the rhythm of the movements and then the feeling was gone. Dean turned around to glare at Mr. Novak only to see him lubing up the plug. Dean’s eyes went down his body and his mouth watered as he saw how really excited Mr. Novak was about this.
“Dean?” he asked in a low voice. He didn’t move at first. Thirty seconds passed and Dean’s head emerged from under the blankets and when he turned around to look at Castiel… Castiel’s heart broke at the sight. “Oh, Dean…” his eyes were red-rimmed, there were tear tracks on his cheeks, and his lips were red, and bleeding, from biting on them so hard.
“It’s pretty obvious isn’t it? Who was the one that didn’t argue with you when you told him to stay at the hospital and keep an eye on everything?”
"He's seeing our doctor right now. Pretty pissed off, and freakishly strong," Balthazar rubbed at his jaw as he said it, and that's when Castiel noticed the red bruising on his chin.
“I'm not gonna go after her just because of-of some money issue. This... this isn't war, Sam. And if it was, I'd still lose.”
Emilio ended his call and shook his head, as he sat opposite Castiel. “I was on the phone with my network, and they say they can’t track down the call because it was a burner phone. Which they had planted it with an explosive.”
“You’ve been a bad boy, Mr. Winchester,” said Castiel, as his hand landed hard on Dean’s cheek in a slap.
“You’re such a good boy to me, you know that?” Castiel said this as his hand clutched his hair tightly. Dean nodded his agreement, his eyes filled with lust and going close to blanking out. Castiel wanted to say something but then his phone started to ring. He sighed and stood up straighter, his hand not leaving Dean’s hair, he grabbed his phone from his pocket with his free hand answered the call. It was Crowley.
Castiel was sitting on the high end of the dining table, with his glasses perched on his nose, as he looked down at the map on the table. He looked up at her and frowned. He wasn't expecting anything. "Thank you," he said, grabbing the box from her. Lora stayed by his side as he looked at it. It was a black box, with a blue bow on top. The card on it only said, "To Castiel." And nothing else. His men probably checked the box and they deemed it to be safe to let it be placed on the doorstep. Not thinking more of it, he opened the lid and after a split second, he closed his eyes and dropped the lid on top of the box. Lora's sharp intake of breath and the way she moved back from the table indicated that she had seen what was inside.
“Thanks,” Dean said as he turned his attention back to his phone. Few minutes later he got a new message from Lisa asking how he was doing and how he liked Spain after one day. Dean replied with a positive message. After speaking to each other, for several minutes, he got an image of Natalie with a kissy face and a sign in her hands that said,
Emilio shook his head and said, “They found his body at an alleyway close to where you were. My men can’t identify him because his face had been brutalized.”
There. Right across the street from him, stood Dean Winchester. His eyes wide and his cheeks full of red blush. His hair wild, as if he had run his hands through them more than once. He was talking on the phone with someone. Castiel wouldn’t know who he was talking to, or who would make him look so at ease. Maybe his brother? But then Castiel remembered that Dean hadn’t spoken to his brother for years now. Or Charlie said so.
Dean swallowed around the tight knot inside his throat as he processed the words that left her lips. “Isn’t this dangerous, though?” he finally asked. There were too many questions floating around in his head, but he settled for the most obvious one.
Castiel reached into his pocket and gave Dean the picture. Dean took it, frowning. “I… Where did you get this?” Dean asked, not tearing his eyes away from the picture. “This-I lost this when I came to live with you. I thought I forgot it back home, but it wasn’t there either.”
Mr. Novak didn’t acknowledge what he said, he simply took Dean’s face in his hands and pulled him in for a long, languid, firm kiss. Dean melted into it, and worked his lips with Mr. Novak’s. Soon, he was lost into the repetitive motions of their lips. Mr. Novak nipped at his lower lip and pulled back slightly. He was still holding Dean’s face so Dean couldn’t do anything but stare at Mr. Novak.
Tomorrow, he was going to be seeing Dean. Castiel had no clue why Dean wanted to see him since he was loyal to that woman. But maybe he wasn’t as loyal as Castiel had thought him to be? Either way, Dean was risking his whole life by wanting to see Castiel like this. And Castiel was selfish enough to humor him like that.
Their allies thought they were enemies in real life, they didn’t suspect about their friendship or closeness. Castiel thought that his mother didn’t know about this either. But then one day, their friendship cracked and soon they were out there, actively trying to kill each other. Castiel never found out what made them hate each other so much and what had transpired between them for them to become real enemies, but he followed in his dad’s foot and continued the job that he didn’t finish.
“You’ve got to tell me what’s underneath your clothes that you don’t want me to see,” Dean said. His voice forceful and full of urgency. “If you want us to work, you’ve got to let me in. Every way.”
Castiel looked down at his phone and his mouth went dry. There was a selfie from Dean. He looked so gorgeous Castiel almost regretted coming out with his sister. Dean was wearing a grey button down, and the way he had tilted his phone, Castiel could see his whole outfit; he had black jeans on that had holes on his knees. And he was wearing white vans. He had his sunglasses hanging from the V of his shirt. His hair was beautifully styled, and he was standing close to the window, it seemed, because his skin was glowing and his eyes looked bright green. Castiel wanted nothing more than to see him in person. Castiel didn’t know how to reply to the message, so he just locked his phone and placed it in his pocket. He finished his coffee and soon, they were leaving.
Everyone Balthazar, and his men, had questioned, swore on their lives and families, and their own businesses, that they hadn’t seen Dean close to their area. But then one man had slipped, and now here he was, bound to the chair at the end of Balthazar’s gun.
There was a shot just in time for Castiel to wrap his arms around her frame, and kneel on the ground.
She smiled up at him, just as Castiel swung his arm and sliced through the air and cut clean through her throat. Castiel didn’t stay after that. He didn’t need to see the life leaving through her eyes. He already had enough nightmares to last him for a life time. He didn’t need to add one more.
His attention was drawn back to his daughter, when they stopped by his car. Shaking his head, he opened the car’s doors for Jessica and Natalie, got them in safely, turned around the car and got inside himself. He started the engine and peeled off the parking lot towards the diner, his mind not at ease, but definitely less loud than before. He was tempted to call Mr. Novak and ask about the men and women in the park, but he didn’t. Today, and the next 2 days also, was about his daughter. If he could keep himself from calling Mr. Novak until later on during the night hours, that would be great for him.
“Dean. I don't really care what type of job you want to have. But this... this is not something I can condone. Not something I'm willing to take a step back and watch how some-some low-life takes advantage of you and beats you up just for shits and giggles.”
’ when she did that, and then he bent forward, took her up in his arms and hugged her close to his chest.
Alfie parked in front of the house where the charity was being held. He was quick to get out of the car to get Charlie’s door. And Castiel followed after him. He grabbed his jacket as well, and draped it over his shoulders.
The pain was light, and pleasure zinged through his body. His ass-cheeks squeezed in around his plug and he shuddered from it. Five, six, seven, eight... came one after the other without a pause between them.
Castiel mouthed at Lora, who could only nod, her eyes still wide. Castiel managed to quickly attach the bullets to the gun before he stood up and aimed it at the intruder. The intruder wasn’t one of Castiel’s so he was quick to shot the guy in the chest and then head. The man went down with a grunt, the squeak that Lora let out, from being this close to Castiel, was drowned as another man barreled through the same opening, and tried to shoot Castiel, but he was quick again.
Mr. Novak shook his head and said, “He wants them to think like that, because that way, people wouldn’t fear him that much. They’d think he’s Azazel’s right hand, so he isn’t a direct threat. Obviously they’re wrong.” Mr. Novak snorted and pushed away the maps and bought close one of the many books. It was written in Italian.
Maybe he did need Dean back into his space so he could get back on to his feet. But looking up into Dean’ face, Castiel realized that he didn’t have a chance to convince Dean back into his space.
Dean was quick to start sucking on the head and twirling his tongue around the head. Castiel was already so close to the edge, that he didn’t need to be teased. So he grabbed Dean’s hair, shoved him down a bit more, and started to fuck his hips up to Dean’s mouth. Dean relaxed his throat muscles and Castiel moved his hips a bit faster than before.
“Uh yeah,” Sam shuffled the papers on his lap to get to the right one. “Yeah. It says you get to spend 72 hours with your daughter, starting at 10 a.m. sharp, at the beginning of every month.”
“I shouldn’t have touched her,” Castiel said, shaking his head. “Not in this way. Not when my hands aren’t clean.”
side about this. His hand kept twitching so he flexed his fingers couple of times then curled his fingers into a fist. No one spoke.
“Wait,” he whispered and pushed Dean away to stand up. Dean looked at him confused but then his face cleared as he saw what Castiel was doing. Castiel started to clean up his desk, gathered his papers into a pile by the edge of the desk and placed his laptop next to it. Once he was satisfied, he grabbed onto Dean and pulled him close. Their lips met on a kiss again, and this time it didn’t have any restraints behind it; teeth clashed together, tongues swirled around in a filthy way, their lips sucked onto each other.
“Hello, Dean,” Mr. Novak said, his voice was rough and there was a slight relief to it that wasn’t there before.
Something low and purring settling in in Castiel’s chest. Making up his mind at the spot, he flipped Dean back onto his back and attacked his lips into a searing kiss. Dean followed him right back. Soon, Castiel was turning Dean back onto his belly, pushing Dean’s legs apart, and working him right open for another amazing night time sex.
They stood up when Dean received another message from him saying he was outside. Anna hugged him again, as a goodbye by the front door. When they pulled back, she cupped his cheek and smiled at him. “Everything’s going to be okay.”
“I was young when I got into the scene. I was naïve and thought I could do it. But I did it only to get cash, and fast, because I needed it to help Sam out. I wanted him to have everything. I’d do anything to give him everything. So the only rational thing for me was to do just that. My first dom was a woman. She was kind to me and she eased me into the lifestyle. I liked her, but we couldn’t do it more than a month. After she left me, because she had to leave for Europe, and obviously I couldn’t leave with her because of Sammy, so I had to find someone else to replace her. And after that, it sort of got out of hand. I started to go to the clubs and go to the backroom with anyone who just glanced at me. I was short on my hand so I needed the money. That’s when I got introduced to him. By Gabriel,” Dean shifted a bit, before he continued. “Alastair was never kind to me. I was his sub for years. The only reason I stayed with him because he paid really good. Like really good money. He was abusive. Borderline psychotic. He would… he raped me, almost every other day. He raped me and he didn’t even care. He never liked it when I’d safe word out of the scene. That would land me into a punishment. So I stopped doing that. And just let him take what he wanted.”
His face shut off. Inside, there was a tidal wave of the ocean that he didn’t let himself feel for years. He looked down at his hands, took a deep breath, and said, “No.”
Once he was close enough to where Azazel was sitting, he realized that he was going to be ambushed. He knew that Crowley had his men all around the perimeter, surrounding the building. If there was even an attempt to take Castiel down, his men were going to get their revenge on it right away.
He didn’t get to finish his sentence since he was being attacked by two vicious and soft lips. The kiss wasn’t soft, or nice, or slow, it was hard, demanding, almost hurting his lips, but he didn’t care. He just gave up his lips to Mr. Novak to be kissed in a way that he wanted to kiss. He just held on and tried to follow his lips movement, as best as he could, wincing every time Mr. Novak clawed at his back, or pulled his body closer to his. But Dean didn’t care about any of that. He just held on as much as he could, and gave up his body to Mr. Novak, once again.
It seemed to take a moment for Dean to realize that Castiel had asked him a question to which he needed to give a coherent answer. “What?”
Castiel rolled his eyes and said, “That’s not what I mean, and you know it.” He sighed and raked his hand through his hair. “I can’t make moves toward him, yet. And I don’t know if I even want to.”
Mr. Thompson's eyes widened in surprise and his shoulders relaxed in relief. “Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.”
Castiel took a steadying breath and went back to the mansion. He used the backdoor to go in so he could get out of his dirty boots. He was wearing one of his black t-shirts and a red leather jacket on top, since it was starting to get a cold outside. The bottom of his black jeans were muddied up, and he brushed them off with his hands. It didn’t clean up much, but it did some of the job.
“I don’t want you to leave me,” Castiel said, wanting to reach out to touch Dean again, but then he saw the dried blood stain on his arm. “I’m sorry,” he said, indicating at Dean’s arm.
“Jesus Christ,” Dean groaned and Castiel saw him grinding his hips down on bed. Castiel quickly whipped the cane on both of his butt cheeks. The sound that resonated in the room was sharp, but not too loud. Dean grunted at the impact, his muscles tensing, his hands curling into fists.
They played with them for couple of minutes more, when a man walked out of the forest. He was an old man, with plaid shirt, and jeans. He was wearing a cap and he looked like Uncle Bobby. He had a leash in his hand. He approached them and nodded at Mr. Novak. They started to speak in a language that Dean didn’t understand. It was probably Russian. The man had green eyes, and for a moment Dean thought that they might be relatives.
he had said with a determination that Dean had never seen on his little brother's face. He looked older at that moment. Dean was reminded again just how much his little brother had grown.
“Only about ten thousand times,” she said into the phone. There was a rustle and the telltale sound of the kids leaving the table. “All finished,” she said, sounding a bit exhausted. And it was morning by them, while it was 3 am by Castiel.
“Hiya, Sammy,” Dean said gruffly and hugged him right back. It hasn’t been that long since they last saw each other, and there were the occasional video calls, but he realized that he had missed his brother terribly.
“I have never done this before. With anyone,” he said. He paused for a moment, before sort of bobbing his head, he continued. “Well, I have done the act, but never in the way have I intended to do it tonight, with you. And it’s not something that I’d want for us to do regularly, because of… yeah I don’t-“
Dean took a steadying breath and looked around his bedroom. Most of his clothes were packed in a small carry on. He wasn't going to give up this apartment. Even though it looked like a bomb had went off, most of the time, Dean still liked this place. So he was going to keep it.
“Just Sam sending me pictures of my nephew,” Dean said, he turned his phone for Mr. Novak to see an up close picture of his nephew yawning into the camera. His face softened as he looked at the image, his hand starting to rub up and down his back.
He looked tired. And worn out. But when he smiled, he brightened up the whole room, and even Castiel’s dark mood felt lighter in his chest. It felt terrible for Castiel, because he was about to dim out the sunshine that was Dean Winchester.
It was sweet and warm, and everything that Castiel wasn’t familiar with, but he had secretly yearned for.
Hours later, when Dean was done with marking the places, Balthazar rolled up the map and left the apartment to talk to their men about the plan. Castiel stood up and stretched his arms over his head and walked to the kitchen, where Anna was tinkering around. She was making them dinner and it smelled lovely. Lora walked after him. She was close as she whispered, “So are you two back together?”
Few hours later, Castiel held this meeting. He pinched the bridge of his nose as he stared at endless footage of people getting killed in various scenarios. The people who placed their faith in his hands, trusted in him and his family, wanting to be under his protection; they were all being slaughtered to death. And Castiel felt like shit. He was surprised that these people’s family members didn’t come to his house to kill him themselves. Maybe they were scared that they’d get murdered as well.
Castiel made his way to the back of the diner. One of the waiters noticed him there, and he froze; his eyes widened and he tightened his hold on the coffee jar. He nodded at Castiel, before he continued with his job. Castiel noticed that his hands were shaking as he refilled one of the customer’s coffee mug.
Dean shook his head, flapping his hand about, “Nah. Don’t apologize. I’m just glad it was you and not somebody else.”
“Dude, chill,” Dean told them both. Castiel was slowly making his way to the corner of the table, to stand in the way of the gun; had Balthazar thought that it’d be a better idea to shoot Dean.
The questions swirled around Castiel’s head throughout the day. They sat for dinner, and everyone was there to enjoy it. Balthazar sat at the end of the table, opposite Castiel. On Castiel’s right was Alfie, and on his left; Dean. And Lora sat beside Dean, and then everyone was sitting around the table. At first, Castiel could feel the tense air surrounding the table and he was, mentally, preparing for the barrage of words being thrown at one another. But, nothing came out.
The next morning when they woke up Castiel blinked up at the ceiling. He fell asleep with his clothes on in his bed with Dean. He turned to look at his right side, where Dean should’ve been at, but that side was empty. He frowned up at the ceiling again and then he heard the shower running in the bathroom. He relaxed back again and closed his eyes. He wasn’t particularly fond of this place, since it brought back unpleasant memories of getting caught in his bedroom with another man way too many times by his father, he also enjoyed being
And as for Mr. Novak; he was a sight for the sore eye. Dean wanted nothing more than to go back to the house and have their way, but alas, it wouldn’t happen until late to the night.
The rest of the day went like this. Eventually, Castiel fucked Dean into the mattress, fast and hard and brutal. Dean probably blacked out during, but Castiel managed to take care of him. Castiel’s phone rang couple of times, but he ignored it. They didn’t leave the bed for the rest of the day, they didn’t even go to his sister’s house. They stayed in bed where Castiel made Dean come one more time. This time around, though, he managed to come too.
Lucifer let out such a heart wrenching sound that it ripped at Castiel’s heart. His breath stuttered in his chest, but he still kept himself grounded. “You can’t do this,” Castiel said shaking his head. He looked at Alastair, looked at Lucifer, and then back at Alastair. “Whatever frustration you have, take it out on me. Not him. Please.”
Castiel didn’t relax. He turned around and shot the first heavy man that went down. And then the other one who was just starting to get up from the ground. The man slumped forward and didn’t even twitch. Castiel heaved out a sigh, and moved forward. Not even taking a second to compose himself. Not even looking at the bodies he had left behind.
Castiel’s lips pursed together in disgust as she tried to chew and speak at the same time. Castiel sipped on his coffee as he ate a piece of toast with it. “That is disgusting,” he finally said, shaking his head in exasperation.
He wanted to have Dean back. Castiel wanted him to be safe. He wanted to destroy everything that Amara managed to build in the last couple of years, right under Castiel’s nose. He hadn’t realized how much power she managed to gain in this time. And for Dean to go right into her arms…
But he wasn’t. He knew this, in his heart. He was bad for the people who were involved more in the life, and who were responsible for his Dean’s kidnapping, but he wasn’t going to attack the innocent people in here. He wasn’t going to prove to them just how bad of a person he was, according to their lore on him and his family.
Balthazar rolled his eyes, but didn’t say anything. So they started to plan their next move. Which took the whole day. It was afternoon when Anna came in with fresh groceries to start making them food. Castiel had hugged her when she first came in, and she gripped him tight back. She was getting slightly older and wrinkly, but she was still strong on her feet.
“Mhmm…” Dean hummed, nodding against his chin. “But I can try to cheer up for you, if you need me?” Dean asked sleepily.
"I know that my apology will mean nothing to you since it won't take back what happened to you all this time, but… Sam, I really am sorry for what happened to you," Castiel said, sounding as sincere as he could. "All of this is my fault."
“I don’t know what happened at the Italians that night,” Bobby said. “And why things happened the way they did. But all I can say is that, Castiel would’ve done everything in his power to prevent that from happening. He sacrificed his life, and his family, and his men to come and rescue you. I don’t think if he were a liar or a bad person, he would’ve done something like this for just one man.”
“No. Just someone who wants to do only this, and not the couple-y stuff that a lot of other people prefer to do.”
“Thank you, sir,” the waiter left their table in such a hurry that Castiel was impressed he didn’t trip.
It felt too much. Mr. Novak was bigger than the average size, but at the same time, Dean couldn’t stop. Dean closed his eyes and started to move up and down his dick. He was saying something that he didn’t understand, or know what it was. He just knew that his lips were moving, and he was forming words, and he was
Castiel sighed and rubbed a hand over his forehead. He felt frustrated, all of a sudden, at his sister, but mostly at himself; because of the situation he placed him in. He should’ve known that Anna was going to confront him about it. Part of the reason as to why he kept his distance from Dean that day, was because of this.
Dean was quiet all this time, while the thoughts swirled around in his head. They were silent. Castiel still had his hands wrapped around Dean’s wrists. He stared down at their hands together, noticing how different they looked; Dean’s hands were calloused, hard worked, a scar here and there from working on cars. Castiel’s hands looked bloody to him; murderers. Taking people’s lives just because they displeased him.
He’d do anything for her. And if it meant selling his body to an extremely rich, criminal, then so be it.
“But Castiel, every place is the right place to talk about this!” Alastair cried out and it was such an unnatural sound that Castiel had to close his eyes to regain his composure back. “Don’t you understand? I can do what I want. Don’t you think I can?”
The restaurant he was dining at tonight was empty. There were no cars around, no people. Absolutely nothing. Castiel had an uneasy feeling about this whole thing. The restaurant was one of the most famous and one of the most expensive restaurant in town.
“You’re terrorizing the patients here,” she drawled with a raised eyebrow, sounding bored. “And I’m not going to go back into Mrs. Figgs’ room to calm her down because she’s terrified from what she’s seeing out here.” Castiel gave her a blank look. She shrugged and said, “She smells of old piss.”
Getting to his doctor took them about 10 minutes of ride time. When they got there, the streets were deserted only for the people walking their dogs. It was odd to have the streets to be so quiet. Making his way to the townhouse, Castiel looked around. He felt a little uneasy, but he shook off the feeling. Knocking the front door, it took about a minute of waiting patiently for the doors to open. He was led inside and up the stairs to the second floor of the house where his doctor's office was situated at.
“You told me you’re not getting better, and it’s getting worse. Don’t you think you’re going to have to, I don’t know, actually make contact with him?” she made is sound so easy. As if Castiel could just pick up the phone and call him.
Castiel’s jaw hurt with how much he was clenching it as he looked at Dean, his eyes wide and probably looking hungry with the way it kept running over and over again over Dean’s face and body and everything.
The man in question was a new recruit. He wasn’t even supposed to be on this case with them, but somehow he managed to squeeze in at the very last minute. Now Castiel knew why he was in there with them.
and Castiel had no other choice, but sigh and go to the small bathroom. He quickly shed his ruined clothes, and got the water running. He hissed as the first drops of warm water cascaded down his body.
“We’re going to go in together,” Dean said and Castiel sighed in relief as he grabbed Dean’s hand and led the way into the hospital.
The house was so big that Castiel was sure he’d get lost in there, and no one would be able to find him for a week unless they had a map of the place. It was built after World War second, and it was still up and in a good shape. It was the perfect place to hold such functions and charities.
They walked back to Dean’s bedroom soon after. Castiel took off his jeans and boots, and got in bed with only his T-shirt and boxer briefs. Once he settled in, Dean moved to him and Castiel wrapped his arm around his bare back.
He draped himself over the bar and groaned. He shouldn’t have gotten this bad. It just… Everything hurt so much. Why was this his life? Why did he have to kill people who betrayed him? Why would he had to do these stuff to the people in his life because they pissed him off?
“Cas, listen,” Dean’s face floated above his and Castiel’s hands moved to cup Dean’s face. He looked so beautiful.
“That’s a pretty name,” Castiel told her truthfully. She just nodded and mumbled “I know”. Castiel chuckled at her, before directing his attention to Dean.
Her hands froze close to his face, and Castiel looked straight ahead at the wall. Not daring to talk. Not daring to look at her face. He wasn’t going to break down in front of a stranger. That was out of the question.
Castiel stared down at the paper for a beat longer, before he started to look around the room for a tray where he could safely burn this. He hadn’t noticed it before, but there was a fireplace at the far side of the room, so he walked to it. And luck was on his side for the night, because there was a box of matches at the top of it. He grabbed the matches and squatted down in front of the fireplace. He was quick to destroy the piece of paper; the whole thing was done in about a minute. Once he was satisfied with it, he left the room. The writing on the paper still fresh in his mind’s eye.
Dean accepted him the way he was. And the longer they stood there, the longer Dean looked at Castiel’s body, he realized that he wouldn’t change anything about Castiel.
Castiel moved back a bit, his hand leaving his jeans, helped him out of his sweater and undershirt. He took a moment to look at Dean’s chest before he moved and licked and sucked in Dean’s nub. Dean moaned, unashamedly, out loud and closed his eyes, feeling the erotic sensation moving in his body, under his skin. Castiel moved down his body and kissed his skin, and helped him out of his jeans fully. Dean was leveraging himself on one foot, to try and get it off his legs, when Castiel dipped down and swallowed Dean to the base. Dean held on to the counter for dear life as Castiel bobbed his head up and down his length, his tongue working around Dean as well. He didn’t know what Castiel was doing exactly, because his brain had one single line of thought right now, but whatever he was doing with his mouth and tongue, worked perfectly for Dean.
“Do you want more?” Mr. Novak asked and then his hands moved. Down his neck, down to his chest, resting lightly over the scars there, but not stopping. His hands stopped by the edge of his boxers and he teased there.
“No, no, it’s not okay, Mr. Novak,” she said. “This was never okay to begin with. You were happier.” She said and she took couple of steps to him. “You were so happy when he was in your life. I have never seen you like that before.”
“Woah, wait, don’t you wanna get it looked over or something?” Dean asked grabbing his arm, preventing him from moving further.
His father’s death was never something that he could remember fondly. It broke him apart. Physically and mentally, and he never understood as to why that was, and never thought to find out. His father wasn’t a kind man. But it hit him hard. Car accident. The toughest man he has ever known in his life died from a car crash.
“We need to make arrangements and we need to get armed against these people,” Crowley said, looking up at the ceiling and then back at Castiel. “Even I don’t feel comfortable calling these animals ‘people’.”
And Castiel had believed him, so here they were. Dean was shaking from head to toe, though. His breathing was shaky, and his hand was shaking in Castiel’s hand, and he looked pale. Because he knew that walking out of his apartment, with Castiel, and coming here like this, was a sure death for them all. But Castiel didn’t mind it. Because he knew that he was going to be ready for her, whenever she’d notice that Dean was gone and she wasn’t going to see him ever again.
His first plan was to take out the warehouses that held their fake products that they were selling in the market. He didn’t bomb the building into the ground, because that would cause too many problems for him. He simply took out everyone that worked in the facilities, not the civilian, innocent ones that were just doing their job to make money; including the women. He told his men to make sure that the innocent people would leave the premises before their attack. Everything else that they could find was burnt. The buildings still stayed up.
“Call me C-Cas. Dean, call me Cas. It sounds so pretty when it comes out of your pretty lips,” Castiel looked at Dean’s lips, hovering over his and he just went for it. He pulled Dean down by his neck and kissed him. It wasn’t his finest performance but he still gave it all. Even though it was a sloppy one, and his tongue had no control over his action.
Mr. Novak took a step closer to them and lifted Dean’s chin up with his finer. He leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Dean’s lips. “You look good with the puppy,” he murmured to Dean, and kissed him again, before stepping back.
Mr. Novak's hands were shaking as he covered his mouth with his hand. His blue eyes were shining and his body was shuddering. Dean stood by the door. It seemed that he was having a break down, but while he watched he realized that Mr. Novak was trying to contain his emotions.
“I don’t miss,” Castiel said. His eyes zeroed down at the almost clean forehead that belonged to the man. He lifted his hand and shot the bullet. There was a crackle as the bullet left the man’s head. Castiel sighed. He stood up, gave the gun to Crowley, and went up the stairs.
They approached to two older looking women sitting by the casket; looking tired and worn out. The men around them spread out and Dean stood a bit off from where Mr. Novak approached them. Dean couldn't see his face, but the way his movements were cautious and jerky, Dean knew that he wasn't doing as well as he made it look like for his men. They shook hands and Dean watched as Mr. Novak knelt before the woman and took her hand in his again. Dean assumed that this must be Samandriel's mother. They spoke to each other in hushed voices and the lady gripped his hand tighter, a worrisome look passing over her face. She frowned and touched his hand couple of times as she spoke to Mr. Novak in hushed voice. She shook her head and Mr. Novak's head hung forward. Dean clenched his hand into a fist, to ground him as to not go to Castiel.
Gabriel chuckled and shook his head. “Man, I know I can hook you up in no time. But if we are talking about long term-”
It’s been a week since Dean had un-officially moved in with Castiel. The first night Dean had slept in Castiel’s bed was just that. The next day, Castiel made a room available for him and since then he’d been sleeping there. The nights weren’t easy to go by, since Dean felt on edge and sort of scared for his wellbeing. He was, of course, concerned about the people in the house as well. So he was going through more sleepless nights than it was healthy.
He opened the doors, and he felt his heart elevate from the sight in front of him. The room looked like a storage, and it was cold in here. Even though it was still hot outside. He left the door open as he made his way to the cross in the middle of the room. He didn’t look at what the room had on display anymore. Castiel simply didn’t have it in him to care at all. He just wanted to see if Dean was…
“I’m fine,” Castiel replied, sighing. Balthazar struck his hand down for Castiel to grab. He did. Balthazar got him up with a grunt and Castiel sighed as he straightened his shirt down.
A couple of days later, Sam and Eileen’s place was packed. They were having a pre-Christmas party with their friends. Dean knew of this, but sometimes a lot of people at one place, at once, was too much for him. But it didn’t stop him from socializing with people. It was nice to talk to his brother’s friends. Even though some of them were too uptight and too lawyer-ish, they were still cool people.
“What would you like me to wear, sir?” and this was something that Dean knew how to do. He knew how to slip into his submissive side and be a good boy for his dom. And he wanted nothing more than to please Mr. Novak. He needed the job and the good money from it, but he also, somehow, liked Mr. Novak. It wasn't that they knew each other well, but Dean felt a slight pull to him. He'd think about it later, for now, he had to impress Mr. Novak.
“I want to restrain you from the railings of the ceiling. I want to use the pad on you, and then if you're up for it, I want to whip your front. While I'm doing so, I want you to have a vibrating butt plug in your ass,” Mr. Novak pulled him even closer. Dean let out a gasp of air, his body responding quickly. “And then if you're good to me, I wanna fuck you.”
Dean quickly complied. He bent forward, and rested his arms over the table. Mr. Novak placed his hand over Dean's back, close to his shoulder blades and grabbed the lube from the table. His hand moved down Dean's spine and rested lightly over Dean's ass. Dean heard the lube's bottle being opened and then heard the unmistakable sound of it being squirted over Mr. Novak's fingers. He then felt Mr. Novak move his ass cheek to the side and then slowly move his fingers over the tight rim of his anus. It didn't take Mr. Novak long before Dean relaxed his muscles and Mr. Novak's finger entered him. Dean gasped at the intrusion and he grabbed the edge of the table. His lips parted as the fingers started to move in and out of him. Not long after that, Mr. Novak tried to go in with two fingers and Dean's body welcomed it at once.
She let out a distressed sound and it was so heartbreaking that Castiel had to turn his back on them. Her sobs and cries of her losing her baby was ringing clear as a bell in Castiel’s head. He closed his eyes and took couple of steadying breaths. He wasn’t going to cry. Not now.
“Ready?” Mr. Novak asked and Dean nodded again. That was the only warning he got when Mr. Novak moved his arm and snapped it against Dean's chest.
Kevin laughed out loud at that and said, “Well, you’ve another bigger family in your pocket.” Just then Castiel’s phone dinged with a message and he excused Kevin to check on it.
Trying to hide how nervous he felt, Dean wiggled his fingers at his sides as he regarded Mr. Novak for a bit, and then said, “Well? Where’s my surprise?”
“I'll have a signed contract with the new boss. You'll make sure that everything is right on the paper and if something bad happens to either one of us, the other will take a full responsibility of the actions.”
“Of course,” Mr. Novak said as he moved to the drawers. He pulled out the leather handcuffs. Next he took a butt plug from the shelf, and then moved to where the pads were. He picked one up and walked back to Dean. He placed down the toys on the table that was closer to the railings, and then walked a bit further away to get the lube from the bedside table.
Dean did as he was told. He held his breath, and then slowly he realized that he couldn’t breathe he let out a gasp of air and took in another one. Soon enough, his eyes were focusing on Mr. Novak’s concerned eyes. He was standing too close, almost hugging Dean to him, and his chest was moving up and down, in sync with Dean’s breathing.
“I’m fairly certain my brain cells are still intact, and I haven’t gone mad with time,” Castiel replied coolly.
He looked even better in person. He stopped right in the middle of the room and stared at the man who was relaxing on the sofa, with his eyes closed. It wasn't late into the night, but it didn't look like he was sleeping either. He certainly didn't open his eyes as he heard the elevator doors slid open and shut, so Castiel cleared his throat.
Castiel slapped him again and Dean’s mouth fell open. His lips were red and wet from Castiel’s kisses. The hand that was gripping Dean’s hair, fell down to his neck. He cupped his chin, and dipped his thumb in between those lips. Dean quickly wrapped his lips around the finger and started to suck on it. Castiel’s breathing started to elevate as he stared at how enthusiastic Dean looked. “Fuck,” Castiel breathed out when Dean looked up through his eyelashes; his pupils were dilated. “I need you. Where can we-“
Instead, he grabbed Dean’s shirt and ripped it open at front. Feeling greedy he ran his hands over the exposed skin and he ripped his lips away from Dean’s to lick and suck onto his chest. He latched his mouth onto Dean’s nipple and sucked on it, hard.
“I was in the neighborhood and decided to come by and see where you worked at,” it was a lie, and Dean could see right through it, but Castiel held his ground.
Dean spared him a glance, noticing him staring at her, before turning forward again, “Uh, yeah.” He said, clearing his throat.
Dean hesitated, but he nodded. He didn’t have it in him to speak. He was thoroughly fucked and he was dehydrated. The bed dipped again and his blindfold was being taken off. He blinked up at the ceiling couple of times and then he turned to his left side to look at Mr. Novak.
“Cas,” Dean said. And Castiel had never heard that voice before. Never heard it from Dean before. It was… This was something that Castiel had been waiting for, but at the same time, actually hearing it… Castiel took a steadying breath because he needed to compose himself. He owed this to Dean.
Jessica and the kids were safe for now. Even though they didn't know what was happening. Castiel's men made sure to cover up Sam's tracks well. She got mail from Sam's account, thanks to Charlie hacking into his mail, saying that he got pulled into an emergency case in Europe so he had to leave quickly. He didn't have time to say goodbye to them. Jessica bought the story.
“No,” Dean was quick to answer. His hand curled into a fist behind Castiel’s back, his fingers clutching at the fabric. His other hand curling around Castiel’s forearm on his chest. “I would never do that to you.”
“No. Not at this hour anyway,” Dean moved to get another drink in, but Castiel moved swiftly and grabbed his arm. Dean froze and looked up at Castiel.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean… I was such a klutz!” Kayla burst out, her eyes shining with tears. “I didn’t see where I was going and then the next thing I know I’m walking all over Mr. Khaleed’s feet and spilling red wine on Mrs. Alianova! I’m so sorry!”
Dean took a sip from his tea and thought about it. Eventually, he shook his head and said, “No. I wouldn’t want to live in a house when it was never really mine, you know?”
“You told me I could ask for anything from you, in return, for this service, right?” Dean asked, to just re-check and see if he got it right.
)” Dmitry started to yell louder and louder. Castiel looked at him in surprise. He looked at Balthazar for a moment, who had rolled his eyes in annoyance.
Once they were done with cleaning up Dean, and with Castiel adding some lotion on his bruises, and thoroughly groping Dean’s ass, Castiel walked to the counter in the kitchen and grabbed his cap. He placed it back on and waited for Dean to walk him out. Dean stared at him for a moment, before he said, “Stay for the night.”
Castiel froze. He wasn’t supposed to be here at this hour. He was supposed to be have gone home by the time the kid would wake up. He made this small promise to himself just before they fell asleep last night. But here he was, staring at the kid. She was staring at him with indifference and Castiel just noticed, she had a bunny in her hand that had definitely seen better days.
“You’re fine,” Dean said and smiled at him. “Happens to all of us. Here,” Dean shifted and from the back of his pocket he took out a pack of napkins. The stranger took it from him, with a nod and a thank you, and he started to dab dry his papers, and the bag next to him.
So here he was wearing a pink, lacy underwear, with probably thousands of dollars worthy of a suit, and looking like a
“No,” Dean shook his head. “No. Not. You didn’t hurt me. I’m supposed to be the one to apologize for this. I, not only safe worded, but I also forgot to text you every thirty minutes. And I also got into your bedroom, without permission. Because I wanted to be somewhere that smelled like you…” He mumbled the last part, his cheeks flaming.
Dean was kneeling down on the floor; stripped naked, his arms handcuffed behind his back, a cock ring attached to him. His face was red; the blush was steadily spreading down to his chest. His nipples were hard from Castiel’s hands, tweaking them and slapping at them. His whole body was buzzing from overstimulation, it seemed, because whenever Castiel’s hand touched him softly, Dean’s whole body jerked up to it.
Dean, on the other hand, didn’t say anything. He dropped the blanket up to their hips, and wrapped his arm around Castiel’s body. He didn’t pull him close, he didn’t squeeze; he just placed his arm around Castiel. This was better. This
Even an apology wasn’t going to stop her from yelling at him like this. Nothing that Castiel could say to her was going to fix any of this.
Dean stared at Mr. Novak’s profile a beat longer, and then he turned away from the scene to sit by the table. They sat in their respective places and a moment later a chubby looking lady came in with two maids after her.
He cried about everything. He was tired and he needed to be held and he needed to feel warm again. And there was the voice in his ear, the voice that knew how to ground him while he was crying about this mess that was his life. How much of a fuck up he was.
, little one,” Alastair said, wrapping his arm around her body. Castiel started to shake uncontrollably. “No need to do anything irrational, right?”
“Grab my bicep, I need my hands for this.” Thankfully, she didn’t say anything else, as she quickly released his hands and latched onto his bicep. Castiel quickly loaded the bazooka and took a deep steading breath. “Lor?”
And just like that Dean’s nerves skyrocketed again, but he nodded as he sat at one of the armchairs, close to the window. He squeezed his eyes shut and started to breathe in and out, slowly through his nose. He heard Mr. Novak leave, probably to talk to his pilot about something.
“I would stick my tongue out at you, but I’m not, because I’m sure if I do, I’m gonna end up spitting this deliciousness at you,” she said with a shrug. “Mmm... Anyway. I haven’t spoken to you since last month. Everything okay back home?”
Mr. Novak placed his book on the table by the desk, his glasses on top of it. He turned around again and cupped Dean’s face in his hand, his thumb caressing his cheek. “You don’t ever have to apologize to me for expressing any sort of emotion, okay?”
Dean continued to look at him. There wasn’t anything in his expression that would give Castiel any sort of answer as to how he was feeling about this whole thing. “I know, this isn’t something that you wanted to happen, but…”
Finally, one of them nodded once at Mr. Novak and Dean felt his body relax minutely beside him. Mr. Novak nodded back and everything seemed to go back to normal. Their drinks were placed on the bar and they grabbed them. Mr. Novak turned his head and held Dean’s gaze, and he lifted up his glass of rum to drown it in one go. Dean did the same. He licked his lips and nodded, “Not bad.”
Dean clenched his jaw, feeling like he needed to check everything again, even though he knew that everything was in a perfect condition. “Fine. Okay. Let me just get this screw in right and she can have her car back.”
Castiel, on his part, was going through the plan in his head. It was a simple one; go inside, play some tables, leave lots of money to the dealers, and… and if he were to happen to stumble upon Dean, he was going to greet him and ask how he’s been. And that was it. He wasn’t going to do anything rash, such as ask him if it were true that he has started to use, or he was back in the scene, and who he was serving. He was just going to keep this casual.
“Dean doesn’t enjoy today’s advanced…stuff,” Mr. Novak interrupted. There was an amused smile on his face, and Dean rolled his eyes, a smile on his own curving up his lips. “You still left the stereo the same, right?”
Dean chuckled and shook his head. “Yeah you are right. We need to go. You’re gonna have to walk her down the aisle. And she’ll have both of our heads if we muck up her day.” Castiel huffed out in amusement at that, looked at Dean and shook his head. Dean grinned at him, shrugging.
“Sit down, and stop acting like a brat,” Castiel told him. Dean gritted his teeth and stared as Castiel made it to one of the chairs and sat down.
“Enough…” Castiel whispered, his hands loose on Dean’s wrists now, but Dean didn’t pull away. He just sat there and stared at Castiel.
“I killed the person who introduced me…” Castiel leaned up on his elbow, while his other arm pushed down on Dean’s solar plexus, not too hard, but enough to make a threat. Castiel looked up at Dean’s face, his eyes boring into his eyes. “To you.”
“Yesterday, you asked me to get you out of the life you were living. Today, you’re up and about and acting like we have all personally offended you.” Dean twitched a bit but didn’t reply. He knew what was happening to him, but he wasn’t going to crack. “What happened?”
