Jimmy was praying when Castiel returned to him, and he wasn't very happy either. It was regrettable, how this man's life had fallen apart, but there was nothing that could be done, and Castiel would accept no fault for his own existence. Besides, matters at hand were of much greater import than Jimmy's personal problems, which Castiel explained in no uncertain terms before requesting the use of his body in service to God's Plan. Jimmy was mildly taken aback, but after a promise that his family would be protected, he offered the "yes" that Castiel needed.
They closed the door behind them just as Sam turned to Bobby, snapping, "What the hell, man?" Whatever justification the man gave was muffled and covered by the noise of nurses passing by and voices calling over the intercom.
dropping by my motel room at," he glanced at the digital clock on the nightstand, "two-forty-nine in the morning?"
Dean held up a hand. "Don't make it weird. It's like I said before; I get it. Do what you gotta do."
He burst in, too late again, but soon enough to save his life. Impossibly, Alastair had broken free. Castiel had scouted the location himself, bent the metal to build the rack with his own hands, and had painstakingly checked every stray mark in the Enochian devil's trap. He shouldn't have been able to escape, not in a million years, but here he was, impaling Castiel on a rusty nail while Dean bled out on the floor.
." Dean's eyes widened marginally, and he glanced away. Perhaps he'd had doubts about Castiel's extension of friendship, not that it mattered much now. "They feel I've begun to express emotions, doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgement." Castiel turned away as he recited the words mechanically.
Still, he bowed his head to at least look the part, gazing down at the amulet he rolled around in his hands, as if imprinting its shape into the lines of his palms would give him some other clue or sign. It stayed frustratingly mysterious, the only glow coming from the rainbow reflection of the light streaming through the stained glass windows.
At first, Castiel thought this was Hell again. And it was, to some extant. The horrific, eldritch backdrop and thundering screams still shook the walls and windows outside, but he found himself in a concrete room just barely sheltered from all of that. A familiar room with a leaky pipe that dripped ominously away in the background, ticking away the seconds in an ominous countdown to the inevitable pain.
Dean continued. "You know what's real? People. Families. That's real. And you're going to watch them all burn?"
"Anna has always been stronger than I am. Without my connection to Heaven, my Grace is fading." Castiel pressed a hand to his chest once again, feeling it thrumming beneath his heartbeat to once again steady himself.
Castiel considered his reply for a moment. Explaining his diminished Grace and the unnerving silence in the back of his mind seemed like a lot to get into while standing in a storage facility in the middle of nowhere with angels on their trail, so he decided to leave that part out. "I am in one piece."
For a moment, Castiel didn't understand. Dean wasn't actually dead, or else he couldn't be inside his head still. And dying in dreams usually resulted in the dreamer waking up.
"I must say," she began, "I've become quite accustomed to you popping in and out of my office over the centuries, but twice in one week? That has to be a new record."
Dean cleared his throat to force back the laughter when Castiel glared at him. "Here, Cas. Try again with my pole, and I'll get yours down." As he passed by, Dean swapped their fishing poles before stepping back to a safe distance to untangle the line.
Castiel swallowed his thanks and fought the urge to smile in order to keep Dean from getting uncomfortable. "Your pendant," he answered, getting straight back down to business.
Even so, Castiel watched as he settled down to rest, shifting around to make himself comfortable in the cold leather and cramped space. "Here," he said, shrugging of his trench coat and offering it to Dean. "To keep you warm."
He steps out the entrance ahead of Sam, pulling his phone from his pocket and veering left towards the car. Sam goes right, beelining towards a food truck at the end of the street.
Silence descends, no one quite looking at each other. Sam sighs, reaching his arms over his head in a deep stretch, groaning at its release. They stare at their respective laptop screens, hoping an answer might jump out on its own.
Just a few beers at first. End up moving to the kitchen mostly for ease of travel to the fridge, and a half-assed attempt at heading to bed- which really just results in the three of them finishing off the better part of a couple of six packs before Sam's finally the first to tap out.
Dean's smile fades to a thin line, nostrils flaring with a sharp exhale. He tilts his head up, just a bit. Juts out his chin, the slight pucker between his eyes deepening.
He leans away, still lightly holding onto Dean's jaw, and continues, looking into his eyes, "Once, you told me I was already dead. It was just a passing thing, dismissing me after an argument... and you were right. I was nothing. Just a mindless soldier before you came along. And now I can be here, have choices, foods I like, music I like. I'm a father and a friend. And you can say a movie I like is stupid and I can say the same to one of yours. You make references to things I still don't understand half the time, but you think they're funny so I do too. I like you because you've never had anything yet you fight for everything. The smallest things make you happy. To see your entire face brighten at the sight of a single piece of pie makes me happier than I felt once in hundreds of years."
"Hello, my love," He turns easily, all interest in Dean evaporating in an instant as he instead saunters towards Lily. She swings-
Ketch's smile, formerly just a ghost on the corner of his mouth, grows a little wider on Sam's seeming mark of approval, "Mm. The toys are the fun part, hm?"
She turns in her seat to better face Dean, and grabs his jaw with one hand, forcing his eyes on her, "Dean-O... you're a helluva lot smarter n' you ever give yourself credit for. And! You got a good heart, hun. I've seen some people turn real sour when bad things happen to 'em," her tone softens, bringing out that rare seriousness as she places a palm on his chest, "but I can tell you still love with your whole chest. Even if you don't wanna all the time. And I'm thankful to be one a' the few that gets to see that much of ya."
Cas grabs her by the shoulders, slamming her backward against the bed until she tumbles atop it, the backs of her knees folding over the edge. She shrieks, starting muttering some sort of incantation- but he's faster, clasping a palm over her mouth and cornering her figure on the mattress, looming above.
"Better than a lot of other ones." Sam softens, "Look, I- I never really got it at the time, but I do now. How much you
"Maybe,” Cas smiles, wide and gummy, head tilted back to peer at Dean, his Adam's apple bobbing in the moonlight. A heat washes over Dean's neck, climbing up his ears.
He pats down his pockets until he comes across his phone- pulling it out only to find it's completely busted. Screen shattered. Frame bent. Thing won't so much as light up.
They’d lost Cas before. A few times. Dean knew the angel wasn’t nearly as invincible as he’d once seen him. Every time he was reminded of that fact, it hurt a little more than the last.
"No, he doesn't. And you know what-" Sam stops, holding a hand out against his father's chest to bring him to a standstill, too, "He's right. You can't keep pushing at us, expecting us to fall into line like we're still kids..."
Sitting alone in his room for the first time in weeks, every bone in Dean's body wants to get up and go to Cas' room if for no other reason than to just make sure he's still there. But he can't do that because then he'd be alone with Cas again. And he'd have to talk to him and he'd have to... what? What is he gonna do? What is he gonna say? What does someone even say to something like that? Telling Dean all the good things that he saw in him and spilling his entire heart out on the floor with threat of imminent death approaching... Did he expect Dean to say something? Was he sitting in the empty wondering why Dean just stood there in shock? Did he think Dean would say something back in those .5 seconds before being shoved into the ground and watching black snot shoot from the wall and swallow his best friend into eternal darkness?
"Okay, did you... did you call anyone? Did you... I don't know, where were you grabbing burgers from?"
just trying to get some of it back- and she moans into his mouth, teeth digging into his bottom lip-
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Easy, lady." Dean holds out a hand, "Look, I'm not a demon, okay. I'm one of the good guys. Now stick with me, do what I say, and everybody'll get out of here, okay?
No point in beating around the bush. The Winchesters are a family of deal-makers. A long line and semi-proud history of it. Only reason three out of three men around this table are even in the room today.
The Deja Vu goes without saying. It's different situationally, but Cas’ last time teaming it up with Crowley solo has gotta be on both of their minds. It’s a blip in their long history that shouldn't feel as raw as it still does.
He shoots a glare at Claire and Kaia, shaking his head. Claire raises an eyebrow, smiling, challenging him. Dean can feel Cas' eyes on him and can see Cas doing his head tilt thing, looking between Dean and Claire in their silent non-conversation, Dean growing more frustrated and Claire more amused. Cas and Jack drop the fire wood in a pile near the pit.
Instead of flipping the disk he sheaths that album and returns it, pulling out one from behind. Zepp IV. Side B, third track.
Dean had punched the number into Cas' phone weeks ago and saved it there "In case of emergencies." He'd seemed hesitant to do it, probably as unsure as Cas is now that the man on the other end would even answer.
Other times they'll talk on the phone when it's really late and Dean can't sleep. Some days they don't talk at all, but it's never more than a day or two in between.
Dean kicks the toe of one boot in the dirt anxiously, probably thinking about Sam. Without anything to do with his hands, all Dean does is overthink, torturing himself with
There's an opening for something more to be said but If Dean really lets himself, the ease at which he can slip into something so comfortable and so affectionate with Cas... it’s more he’s ever given anyone, and he can't give it right now. Cas doesn’t even know how bad he wants to. Maybe he should.
"Forgive me if sleeping doesn't have the greatest connotations for me. I only ever do it when gravely injured."
He doesn't like the man he turns into where Sam's safety is concerned, and maybe he's been able to keep it buttoned down enough so far but he's nearly bursting at the seams. Sam feels so close... just through the other end of the line. But still a continent away. Maybe literally. And this prissy voice grates like nails on a chalkboard.
Dean laughs-  it's just one short cackle, but he smiles- a real one this time, and heads to the front bumper with the new license plates. He tugs a small screwdriver from his jeans, starting to work on removing what's already fastened there, "It'll run. Gonna need to fill up soon, though. You still have that card I gave you?"
Cas moves to check their pockets while Dean, remembering the third vampire unconscious behind the Impala, starts back to it. In retrospect that's probably where things start going wrong because the big guy isn't unconscious anymore. He knocks Dean to the ground, pinning him behind another car in the lot, just out of Cas' view. That would be bad enough, but two more vamps sidle up from behind him.
Bucky holds up his beer, the rest of the room following suit and cheering. Randy clinks his glass against Bucky's.
Dean pulls the cell phone from his pocket and tosses that to John. He catches it on reflex, brows drawn. Dean nods down at the thing, urging his dad to turn it on and just see.
His dad doesn't look at him, though, so he doesn't see the disagreeable look on Dean's face at that comment. Instead, he glances once more around the library before landing again on his son, "Just you and Sam here?"
"Could be." Crowley quirks a brow, and Cas decides on the best course of action from there- exactly what he should’ve done the last time: Walking away.
"C'mon, let's get y'all outta here." John says, tugging Dean forward by the shoulder and nodding at Cas.
"I won't force something on him that he's not even ready to admit to himself." Cas swallows, fixing Sam with those earnest filled eyes, "He deserves to be able to realize in his own time what he wants. Then
One final peek in the mirror at this borrowed body, and he straightens. There’s no trenchcoat today- simply the suit. It tends to get him less strange looks when investigating as a faux agent.
"Look, I'm not gonna get down to the whole nine here and now," Dean takes a sip, leaning back in his chair. He looks down at the liquid in his glass, considering, and sets it back on the table, meeting his dad's eye. "Short and quick of it is- I was in a tough spot, Cas came up to bat. Turned against every other angel to do it, too. He's the best friend Sam or I have ever had. I trust him with my life, and most important, I trust him with Sam's. I won't lie, some stuff's gotten hairy between us over the years, but in the end he's always there."
The branches bend out, and he rounds closer to the tree- a figure clamors out of the pines with hard steps, arms braced in fists close to his body, and eyes wild.
"We need to retrace your steps." Sam stops at the base of the stairs, turning his way, "Alright, think. What's the last thing you remember you did?"
Tommy sighs, rolling his eyes inwardly before turning to the other two eyeing he and the 'agents' curiously, "Guys, I'll meet you inside." He steps up, lazily sizing up Cas, then John, "Agent, and... agent?"
The novelty of Dean's mind without the burden of trauma wasn't something he was able to appreciate much in the moment given the dire need to focus on Sam's kidnap- but there's a choice few minutes he allows himself to really look back on it as Dean retreats up the stairs with Rowena.
"Oh, come here ya stinky!" Donna drops her own totes atop the map table in favor of tossing her arms around Dean's shoulders, rocking back and forth in the embrace. Still attached to him, she raises one arm out towards Sam, "You, too big fella."
Cas ducks his head, burying his hands in his trenchcoat pockets. John huffs out a disgruntled scoff, turning on his heel and tramping towards the room.
Dean beelined for the kitchen, and didn’t realize Cas was right behind him until he’d cracked open a beer and took a sip, the cool air of the fridge seeping up the back of his shirt.
be happy and content, not torn out and thrown back on earth to defend the planet with the rest of these sorry sons of bitches left.
Cas sighs and levees himself up off the table, twisting between the two other men, "I'm gonna make a fresh pot. Anyone?"
“What is he?” The man raises his voice in interruption, flicking his eyes down Cas’ appearance, which redirects the angel's attention back to the fact that there is even another person in the room in the first place.
Sam looks him up and down, tone softening, "Dean... witches are real." he places a hand on his shoulder, "Vampires, werewolves, witches. They're all real. And we kill them."
Sam turns to her, craning his head to try and block her view of the door as much as he can, "Magda, listen to me-"
"Neither do I." Cas smiles, only a small one barely there on his lips, eyes fluttering open and closed.
Fields of grass and abandoned lots pass incessantly outside the windows, one after the other. Sam could be in any of them. Anywhere.
died today? What if those cosmic consequences caught up and Dean had wasted Cas' last day on earth at odds with the guy. Instead- instead of...
Cas says nothing, offering nothing in return, dipping every ounce of attention he has in turning off the exit and following the signs to the nearest motel.
Claire swipes the phone back before Dean can even hope to react, and she lands him with a devilish smirk. "Don't worry, I'll send it to you."
He also can't stop looking at Cas now. The messed up hair, the wide eyes, his chest moving with every rapid breath. And Dean must've had marshmallow on his face because now Cas does too, just on the corner of his lips. He could just lick that off. Cas would let him, that's the crazy part. Or maybe the least crazy part of this whole thing. All the words are getting jumbled in his brain again and he can't get them straight.
But there were several flaws in that plan, the least of which is the distance between Indianapolis and Lebanon. If someone was dead or captured, how were the others to know until over half day's travel?
"Alright," She chuckles, but picks at the table cloth absently, and coughs, shifting in her seat, "Don't have to get all sappy about it, geez."
He finishes securing the plate and moves to the back one. Cas watches him, settling both hands deep in his pockets and leaning fully against the side of the truck.
"Done. We got Bon Jovi-" He nods, obviously- the rest coming up a blank... whatever, it's not like he listens to them so much anyway. Why would he know that off the cuff? So he scoffs, "Whatever. This is stupid. Sam, I'm fine. Okay? I feel great. Look-" Dean claps his hands once, charging towards the bed. He picks up his gun, "This is a gun. This is a coat." He shrugs, looking around, then moving to the- to the- "This is a... a... a... light stick."
"Which one? Barry worked for the richest families in town." He ducks into the car, slamming the door behind him.
"Yes you did. Which made Mr. Davies think that you were in trouble, which you were. So he rings me. Bing, bang, boom. Meet Bob. He's your uncle. Oh, and, um, you're welcome. Hmm?"
Castiel wouldn’t know the significance of Zeppelin and romance in his life. And Dean wasn’t sure if he’d even be brave enough to give this to him if he would. But Cas nearly died again, telling the Winchesters how he loved them, and Dean couldn’t even bring himself to say anything back. If he had, that would’ve been admitting that Cas was really about to die. So he let the moment pass. And wished he hadn’t. But with the adrenaline gone and the real world stifling him from all sides, he still couldn’t bring himself to say anything out loud.
that helps us, ends up dead. That's just a fact. So if we gotta bring in Crowley then we bring in Crowley." He shrugs, "I don't
"Alright." John stomps heavily out of the office, two room keys in hand. He tosses one to Sam, "You take the angel. Me and Dean can bunk in this one."
"Wow," Dean circles to the other side, pulling his desk chair with him, "Really can't get one past you-"
"Well..." Cas hesitates, "Mostly I just hope for contentedness. For you, and Sam, the girls... to have peace in your lives. And, if you're willing, to still have me by your sides when you find it."
An angel, in his most vulnerable form, trusting Dean Winchester of all people in the goddamn world to watch over him. Hell of a thing.
Instead it's just a steady silence, cause Dean did what he was supposed to. He looked after Sammy, no matter what it took.
She doesn't appear very surprised, and merely stares at him with that same fear in her eyes. Knowing there's something sinister at work here- with them, with her brother- yet having no understanding of what it is.
"Ah, I've been there." He sips his coffee, clicks his tongue, "No money except maybe a buck fifty, so you grab a soda cause there's free refills and it'll fill your stomach enough that you're not hungry anymore."
Sam teased, but really, it was nice. This was before Lucifer, before The Darkness... The Mark still burning a hole in Dean's soul- and he picked up a basket full of crappy romance novels because it was Cas that asked. And when they'd gotten home that day, Dean stacked 'em up on the table and left them for him to come across in his own time. It's not like Sam didn't notice the way Dean smiled to himself watching Cas flip through them all. Not a lot made him smile in those days.
Only stopping for gas, the drive to Cleveland gets Cas into the city in the late evening. Figuring it's an indecent time for the "FBI" to be interviewing witnesses, he checks into a hole in the wall motel on the edge of town, collapsing onto the bed as though he's the type of person who needs sleep at the end of a long drive like that.
"We usually had enough to get by," He says, leaning both arms on the table, "I gave most of it to Sammy so he wouldn't have to worry about that kind of stuff."
to deal with? You wanna talk about fucked up calls, how about telling your kid to kill his brother? After years-
Cas grins at his approach, and Dean can't help but to do the same, Sam's words swirling around in the back of his head.
"Alright, let's get to work," Dean slaps his dad's arm so he'll scoot from the booth. The rest follow suit, piling out and following one after the other to the sidewalk just outside.
"You know," She says, stepping just close enough that she's towering over him and he can do nothing but stay laying on the street, "I would've thought for two strapping lads like yourselves, you would've lasted a tad longer. But hey, you know what they say. Good things come to those-"
John wipes the end of the blade against his jeans, clearing off a fair amount of blood before twisting it in his hand and offering the blade, hilt end out, to Cas. He locks eyes with the angel as he hands it over, Cas grabbing it with a tentative hand, eyes wary and never leaving John's.
Lisa was the first real lesson on this. Then Cas, and Cas again, and Benny, then Cas, Cas, Cas... How many times is he gonna have to lose the angel to realize that he'll never be able to keep him?
After awhile, Dean eases into it. His shoulders lax and... he's gotta admit, the movie's not half bad. The pair on screen are rolling out the simple life- campfires at night, beans by the fire, herding sheep by day and sleeping in the dirt when the sun goes down. All in the backdrop of the stark green, rolling hills of Wyoming.
These are the things that make no sense about human interaction. Just when he thinks he has a handle on something, he's completely wrong...
Cas/Crowley: Was hoping you’d already be so hot in your skivvies from this tantalizing conversation you’d leap onto a bit of spicy interaction
"Oh, so you're those types- No." Kelly sighs, too, resigned, and falls back to take a seat on the bed, "You're making it up. It's impossible."
Even so, he's gone on a long time living in an illusion that maybe someday John would prove that otherwise. That he'd live up to the dad in Dean's mind even a little bit. Even just for a moment.
"And all you wanna do is help these American Hunters to clear this country of monsters?" Cas asks, not believing as much for a second.
"Helluva trick. That why you keep him around?" John scoffs, giving Cas a smirk as though passing a private joke between them.
She can tell. "Is that why you spent the entire ride up here telling me in extreme, excruciating detail how you killed Hitler, but, uh, you neglected to mention the fact that your dad is back from the dead?"
The packet gets emptied into his coffee. He grabs another, starting to shake it out, "He was a warrior. He was an angel's angel."
Sam shuffles over to the other side, eyeing the scattered belongings already being collected and stuffed into boxes. It's barely been a day and Olivia's already being cleared from the room like she never existed.
He'd thought about it while they were gone, of course. What things were like on the outside for everyone else. How frantically they'd be searching. How down on their luck they'd feel certain days.
It's an exceptionally small town. Even fewer storefronts and people milling about than Lebanon, but it's also a passerby town- one where it seems strange faces passing through isn't anything more than the usual.
Crowley holds up a keycard between two fingers, "I suggest we go check out his room. Vince is scheduled to be in the studio all day, so we're covered."
Refuse to watch a gay movie with your semi-male best friend in the middle of the night while in your bed together, door closed, one likely to pass out on the other's shoulder... alright, that's toeing a line he thinks even Charlie could agree with. She's probably laughing it up in the stars right about now.
Sam and Dean have already been taken under his watch once, Kelly's gotten away from him- he's not about to let this happen
They lean closer together as Cas tries pointing out another cluster of stars, this one a larger figure, or so he says. But Dean just gets distracted by Cas' breath on his cheek, his hair swiping across his forehead as he tilts their heads so close they're touching.
He just doesn't want to talk about it. Doesn't need to bring another person in when he's on the edge of trying to make it no problem at all.
"We'll handle it." Sam says again, against the steely contrast of Ketch's judgmental eye, then turns to John, "Let's get."
from now on." Dean says when they finally arrive at the hotel, slamming the Impala's door behind him without another look back at his brother.
Stupid to believe that the only way anyone could grow to have powers like this was through demon blood. Maybe the blood simply triggered some part of themselves that never naturally developed... and then there's people like Magda. Like Missouri... like so many others, who develop these gifts naturally, without any knowledge of the supernatural or the idea that they might not be the only ones out there.
With a final grumbling sigh, Cas relents, padding around Dean and finally laying down. He shifts his position several more times, clearly struggling with getting comfortable. A few moments pass with nothing, then, "I hate sleeping."
what John looks like possessed. He held a gun to the man's chest because he'd been so certain of it- so positive.
"Alright, help him," Dean says, feet already swinging outside the car. To better get to the passenger seat, Cas exits on the opposite side, where Dean circles over to take a look at the damage. The entire right, back half of the car is warped and mangled. He throws out his hands, because of course.
The wheel jerks slightly to the side in his grip, and Sam grabs it to steady them back between the lines. Cas tilts his head, meeting his eye with a steely stoicism which just serves to further boil over Dean's annoyance.
He files the letters and the contact note back in the bottom of the drawer, but only after copying down Eileen's information to his own phone.
Cas grabs the lapels of the man's button down, pulls him forward, butting their foreheads together violently. That won't hurt Cas any, but the guy will be feeling pretty soon like a pound of bricks fell on his head... He doesn't say anything, still, so Cas hits him again, and Jamie's legs give out.
"Yeah I know," Sam nods, holding up the keys to the Impala, "I was gonna grab some breakfast, let him get in a few more winks. You in?"
"Took you long enough." Lucifer murmurs, and Cas turns to him, still grounded. "Did you bring the rest of the Little Rascals?"
Wings spread wide in ashen form across the blood-red church carpet. There's gotta be some kind of unforgiveable sin in that.
It's always different in the city. It’s still people just living their lives one by one, but how many you see in one place really puts in perspective the amount of people they've saved over the years- seeing as they’re the reason some of these big cities are even still on the map in the first place.
Sam settles back in his seat, glaring at his plate, picking at the edge of it with two fingers. John grunts but doesn’t say anything else either, and the three settle into an uncomfortable silence.
A sudden wave of nostalgia hits Dean as the black smoke rises and sinks fast and hot into the floorboards, leaving behind a darkened, singed circle spotted with fresh embers. And the nostalgia stems not from the same damn fight they’ve had hundreds of times already- it’s John in the middle of it, finishing the job without a flinch- his voice steady, feet planted. Dean almost feels like that same big-headed kid again looking up at his dad like he’s indestructible even though all memory points in the opposite direction.
"Alright then," Sam claps his hands, eyes shifting through the group, "Meet back at the hotel with word."
"Unfortunately. It seems we have a common interest, and I must admit it seems pragmatic to have the aid of Hell at our disposal. Wouldn't you agree?"
John, holding his silence, still has his duffle on his shoulder. He looks between Dean and Cas like he wants to say something but thinks better of it, instead falling on a gruff, “G’night.” and follows Sam to the dorms.
It's the first holiday any of them have spent together, so it's clear Cas hasn't forgotten the possible negative connotations of his presence. Nervously shifting in place, he's straighting his tie and somehow making it more crooked.
"Now." Sam grunts, leveeing himself up off the side of the car to follow fast at Dean's heels the moment he turns and dives towards the diner's front door, colliding against the wood. The bell
The uncomfortable reality of being perceived. It’s not something that Dean usually allows. He wears many masks, makes jokes with a smile that doesn't always reach his eyes, and he lets people think of him what they will- without correcting them.
John peers down at him from off to the side, leaning back against a table with his arm crossed, "That's everything you know?"
She huffs, brows scrunching together furiously, lips moving beneath his grip- and motioning one hand towards Dean, shaking her head.
Cas' pencil stills, and he squints down at his own handiwork. Seemingly satisfied, he hands it over to Dean- straightening his face nearly blank as he does it. That's how Dean can tell this kind of matters to
have more fun.'" He side-eyes Cas with a grin, alternating back to his usual smug, English aura and cupping his hand around the phone, blocking the screen, "Oh, and there's quite a lude photograph attached here- very girthy and-"
Mick sighs, pulling out a small card, "My number," He holds it out to Cas, then turns to the rest of the men, "Take your time, cool down, and just think it over. What have you got to lose, except your worst nightmares?"
Those small moments, ever since gaining Sam and Dean back, he seems to get aimlessly lost in them- just watching either of them in the mundane. And Benjamin is a loss, certainly, but with every loss it's only a means of reminding how fleeting everything is. How paper thin the certainty is of a tomorrow.
”Hey, assbutt.” Cas steps up- swinging a guitar in one fluid motion up into Lucifer’s chin, sending him flying backwards, sprawling into the drums.
He considers knocking, he truly does. But all things considered- the least of which being the complete lack of information on what exactly is going on- he chooses the element of surprise.
Thirty minutes later, Dean's cornered in a booth with John blocking him in to his right. Jody sits just across from him, and Sam beside her.
The ringing in his hand stops- so he presses the button. It starts again. He holds it up triumphantly- then, reaches out to tap on a new rock she's placed on the table.
house for the block party?" Dean pointedly avoids looking at Cas at all as he moves away from him, taking the seat at the table next to Jack. In the corner. Where Cas can't follow. Because Dean's a coward like that.
The past ten years haven't been kind to Dean with all the ways time can wound a man. The lines of his face are harsher now, and he carries himself like a man who's seen too many things and expects to see a few more before the day's done. Outwardly, he supposes, he can't look all that different from the soft-faced twenty-something that John once knew.
It’s propped up beside the map table, plastered with various security cam snapshots of Kelly, and several more sheets of research outlining her life and possible contacts to look into. Cas glances at it over his shoulder, shrugging.
Dean pulls up directly in front, parking in what had clearly once been a gravel lot but now's a lot more like a wildflower field edging back to its former territory.
"I distinctly recall both you and your brother waking to armed men and being murdered in your hotel room several years ago."
"What?" Dean grumbles, hip colliding with the counter as he tries backing up from Cas and only succeeds in keeping himself cornered.
Dean knows the way that Cas looks at him. He hears the way people describe it, too. And he gets now why everyone seems to mock that he's in love with Dean. But what Dean isn't ready for is the look on his own face. How
There was a moment of pure dread when he came back to himself and thought, maybe, he’d been sitting here so long in silence that maybe he hadn’t noticed that time passed straight through him and next time he’d tune into a prayer of Dean’s, thirty years will have passed.
"Of course." He nods, and tugs out a small menu from his apron, placing it tenderly in the center of the table, "I'll give you a few minutes."
A deep sigh escapes her chest, eyes darting to Crowley again quickly, but holding on Cas, "He showed up out of the blue and he fixed me like a miracle. But he did it
"Well, this will do very little for me, but I- I appreciate the gesture." He nods at both brothers, picking up the beer.
"Please. It's a complete train wreck down there. No Lucifer, no Crowley. It's messy." He charges forward, and Dean sidesteps opposite him again.
Dean never really got it. He knows it’s got nothing to do with the job, much as those remarks still hit home every time. It’s just dicks and ass, what fuckin’ difference does it make? Who wouldn’t wanna get shoved around in the bedroom every now and again?
Sam scoffs, tossing up his hands and heading to plop onto the couch. Hey, guy puts a bullet in the skull of Hitler himself, he's not gonna get any free drinks at the bar but you bet your ass he's gonna tell every damn soul who might actually believe it.
Room 129 is in the center of the building's strip, right beside the staircase. He plants his feet, palm aimed flat towards the door, pulling a mass of energy from his grace's core- directing a pocket of it towards that plank of wood guarding the room- eyes blazing with that same force-
"Sam-" He cuts him off, brows still pinched, "People have used Dean as they've seen fit his entire life. Or if they haven't, they tried.
Dean grabs the garbage can and water pitcher from behind him, holding out the can. Cas lets her take in the sight a moment before turning to drop the book in it, and Dean douses the flame with the water.
He grabs Cas around the arm, heaving him to his feet. It's a slow process, and Cas has to claw at Dean's arm in return to even manage it, his body nearly falling against him, fingers gripping into the creases of his upper sleeve.
Might've been cause it was too hard without Mary around to celebrate with them. Might've been he was just too wrapped up in work and forgot. Maybe he just didn't care one way or the other. The reason didn't much matter, cause end of the day they just never ended up celebrating much as a family. Not in the traditional sense.
,” He mutters, one hand rubbing the back of his neck, and backs up until the back of his legs hit the desk chair, “Kind of. Reminds me of you, anyway.”
Beside Cas, Crowley sits either blissfully ignorant or otherwise unperturbed by the effect of his incessant chatting. Dean takes back every bad thing he's ever said about Cas- the man has the patience of a saint.
Kaia kicks her legs up onto Claire's lap and the two cuddle closer. Claire dips to the side and tugs a fresh beer from under her chair, pops it open, and wordlessly replaces Kaia's empty one. Jack starts carefully placing logs on top of the tower, finishing the pyre. Laughter and drunken conversations float over from just feet away.
You always say you're never gonna be something, and you try so hard not to be, but that turns out being
He'd wondered how no one else sees it... well, here Crowley is taunting the ill-kept secret to his face.
"So who's to say tomorrow you find these boys, sure. And then missions over- and you gotta find yourself a new one. One that don't quite line up with Sam and Dean's sense o' right and wrong... but you're 'Mr. Angel.' Mr. Heavenly righteousness... Thought you were on the right path before, dedicated to it-"
"Wow!" She looks to the brothers again, then back to John- but there's a beat of silence between the three. Jody holds out a hand, shaking her head, incredulous, "It- it's so nice to meet you."
"The hell took you so long?" John asks, still looking down at one of the files. Wordlessly he piles the few papers back up, slapping them on the table. A couple of cell phones and the laptop sit beside him.
"I think that's..." Sam mutters, sighing around the words and cutting himself off, "That's definitely
"Think we'll still look at each other like that when we're old and wrinkly?" Kaia teases, planting a sloppy kiss on the side of Claire's face when she hands back the phone.
He should've just walked to the gallows with his head held high and not a glance over his shoulder, and this wouldn’t be a problem.
That's enough for Cas- and for the seeming newfound peace both he and John had taken during this round of the interrogations, because the angel barrels forward as though intending to start beating down yet another civilian.
Sam just ignores him, sticking to the other side of the room, phone tucked against his shoulder as he's still writing out and sticking more notes on miscellaneous objects- like Dean's a basket case in the old-folks home.
"Rowena. I broke several speed limits and left one policeman asleep in his vehicle when he refused to stop chasing me, but... it's very..." He lets out a breath, eyes drifting towards the stairs, "Inconvenient... travelling in crisis without wings. I often envy you and Dean's relative calm in these situations."
"I believe it's simply because- like you said- he doesn't feel he deserves it," He pauses, still not looking up, "I know I don't always seem like I understand things like this. On occasion my confusion
Door swings open, and standing on the other side is a little five foot something pretty red-headed woman holding a bag daintily draped in the fold of her elbow. She smiles up at him, seeming to expect something.
John nods, gait heavy as he heads that way. He has no parting words or even a glance for Cas, not that he'd expected one. Nonetheless, Castiel notices his mild limp and doesn't want to miss a chance to win John's favor even a small amount.
It's not like Dean's ever kept many friends. Less when John was still alive the first go-round. He's starting to think he just doesn't know how to have them in a normal way like normal people. It's always this intense, all-encompassing loyalty that's so crippling with how much he cares, he's damn near bursting at the seams with it.
He starts the spin back up, and Cas is still looking at him wearing that soft smile, that fondness that never seems to leave his eyes when he looks Dean's way. Dean drops his eyes to the floor.
They've felt that a million times before, of course. And probably will a million times more. But something about this time just brought back a visceral feeling deep in Sam's bones, reliving the worst day of his entire life- a decade ago.
In all their years in establishment, it seems an odd time to begin branching out to the rest of the world
Cas doesn’t sleep that much, so this sight is a rare one all on its own. It means Cas is probably hungover too. They could both just go back to bed. They could go back to Dean’s bed. Lay together. Just lay together, warm body against warm body, heavy in sleep.
"You can try." Cas leans forward, speaking through gritted teeth, "There is very little that can kill me."
Dean sweeps his hands out, setting the ice bucket on the table. Why are they even in this town again?
Dean finds himself sitting down for lunch with Kaia, feasting on a loaded hot dog, bacon burger, and fried dough all at once, while a few feet away Claire and Cas compete at a basketball dunk game sinking as many as possible in one minute. They're currently on the second round in their "best out of five" run. They're pretty evenly matched, surprisingly.
The doc shrugs, not looking any of them in the eye, and raises his brows, "Student loans are a bitch, okay?"
He's not sure he can handle anything more than that- no secondary locations, no phone numbers- hell, no real names. It's gotta be just about the action, as little emotional impact as you can get.
Cas shifts again, eyes glancing over the entire room, thinking of anything- anything at all that could help. Any clue.
"Yeah, and you think he's right? About us? About Cas?" He tries to keep his voice steady, "And while we're at it, how about his last words to me, telling me I might have to kill you? We speeding right past that to? Don't matter- it's all in the past, right?" Eyeing Sam, he changes his tone, carrying on mockingly, "Oh, wait, that was last Tuesday to him. Not a decade."
, Cas thinks. And he thinks it every day because someone needs to. Sometimes he can't stop thinking it, even when Dean's being impossible and infuriating... because if Dean won't love himself, he'll have to do enough loving for the both of them. Quietly, in secret. Like little prayers. Except he doesn't pray to God... he only prays to Dean, hoping his soul at least hears it even if he doesn’t.
"I'd know my own kid's fighting style anywhere, boy," He quirks a brow, "What I'm not gettin' is you seeing your old man in the flesh a decade after burning him and don't even bat an eye?"
A few minutes pass, only the dim light coming in from beneath the door lighting up Cas' profile in a hazy white.
They sit in silence a long time. John finishes his drink but doesn't ask for another until it's gearing up towards midnight.
They know it's Benjamin simply because of the wings. There's a photo accompanying that of the body on the report: black, ashen, unmistakable wings of an angel spread out wide and flat against the wall of the arcade.
They're cornered with biceps right up against each other- the other three men standing scattered a few feet between them. As much as is allowed in the cramped space.
"Oh I bet you know what happened next. We thought he'd be fine, just a little grumbly belly. Nope! We got home..." She swoops her arms out wide, "Poop everywhere. Had to get a new couch."
"Are we?" Cas asks, voice hard, meeting John's eye, "Did you hear about the murders in Lancaster, Missouri?"
There's an empty seat just on the end of the bartop. He slides in, helping himself to one of the menus from behind the bar in the same movement.
”No. No way.” Sam says, the same time Dean clutches his overstuffed stomach and leans back, uttering, “No.”
"Here, let me take some of that-" Sam rushes up to the pair, grabbing a few bags from Jody and hunching over to kiss her on the cheek.
Cas smiles down at his phone, but straightens his face and tries to subtly turn the screen away when Crowley looks over.
John traipses past the both of them, straight into the office ahead without engaging in the back and forth.
This is no different from stuff he's always done with Sammy growing up. Cas can't help it if he didn't have a childhood to start finding things he likes, too, or realize the stuff that's not socially acceptable- like standing this close to another guy. Not that this is childish, or any of the things Cas likes are. Dean loves the way he's so passionate about things... stars, flowers, different insects, hell he's even found intrigue in a weirdly shaped rock off the side of the highway one time when Dean stopped to take a piss. It's still in Dean's room somewhere in there.
"Yeah, what about it? Guy's the same stick-up-his-ass marine he's always been. Hardly a shock." He shrugs, like it doesn't matter.
Well, he remembers his last solo team-up with the man. It hadn't ended well for either of them. But then again... he
All Castiel feels is cool air whipping around his measly human form, blasting through so rapidly he can't even shift to see what direction he moves or where he might land, the tails of his trenchcoat flapping viscously in his wake. Until... finally... he
It shouldn't matter. It doesn't. Sometimes he just worries what Dean thinks. If things like this are what fuel people to draw certain conclusions, or mock them for their closeness. He wonders how much it really bothers Dean.
“I’m... I’m not gay, Cas.” Dean breaths it out, nearly a whisper, as though he doesn’t really even want Cas to hear it. It's not even really an answer to what Cas just said, but he says it anyway. He's not entirely sure why.
, even. And this is just the first he's managed to catch a whiff. It's not like Dean's been with anyone else in... damn, how long's it been? Years, probably. Has to be.
They approach the room with light steps, only pausing in the doorway to listen for the all-clear and sliding the keycard home.
Another body is found at dawn. Fresh, out back of a nice corn farmer's barn. She couldn't have been gone more than an hour before the poor old man found her and puked up his breakfast next to the body.
"First time for everything. 'Sides, wouldn't be the first time some have had a bone to pick with us. Especially Sammy."
Crowley peeks up the staircase to the second story and pauses, turning back to Cas and nodding as though he should take the lead. Cas simply holds his ground and glares at him. He's not trying to lead anything. Crowley dramatically rolls his eyes, but marches forward, ignoring the staircase altogether to instead circle it and trudge on towards the kitchen. Both keep their eyes roaming and peeled.
Do a lot of friends stay on the phone like this? He's never had any aside from Dean, so he wouldn't know.
"Uh, John... Bonham." He recalls the name from Dean's card and pulls it from his wallet, passing it over, "And that's just a, uh... he's a business colleague."
Alex clears her throat and switches to lighter topics. They go on about the concert they'll be attending in a couple of hours, what songs they're excited for, who they'll meet, and how they're going to smuggle their own liquor in. These are all foreign concepts to Cas, so it's fascinating hearing about something so mundane.
"It's been an hour, it should have stopped by now." Cas pauses, quieter, "You have blood all over your face."
She opens her mouth, closes it, shrugging a shoulder, "True. Also it never hurts to have a Winchester owe you one."
"Yeah?" He lowers himself back down, partially shutting the door beside him. Neither make a move to close the distance between them.
April, in retrospect, was an encounter born of loneliness. Seeking warmth and comfort in another's arms... Feeling wanted and desired. It was less about the act in itself and more about just wanting
"It's not. You said that last time too." But Dean smiles back and for a second it's just them sitting in each other's presence taking in how alive the other person is right then and there..
It's exceptional, for how long Cas has spent on Earth, how frequently the people around him can surprise him. They're so endlessly forgiving and filled with love, even surrounded by loss and blood and tragedy and betrayal. More horrors than any one person should ever be meant to face.
So John knows how to kill Cas, no big deal. It's not like he'd do it. Not without reason. That's not how he operates.
He exhales a long breath, palms sliding on his knees, and shrugs, "Relieved. Of all that we've gone against... this felt almost..."
She'd like Cas, though, he thinks. He's strange, sure, but he's nearly as endlessly kind as she'd always been. Patient and good.
anymore, for Christ's sakes. He wakes up and he can't do that gently either- cause these hands are- they're shaking, fisted beneath the pillow he's got shoved up against his face so hard he can barely breathe.
The certainty and abruptness of it catch him by surprise, "Oh, um, okay. I'll- I'll be there in a couple hours, like I- like I said. If you text me an address-"
"If you wanna hit the hay, just pick a room. There's plenty." He waves on his way out. John says nothing, already pouring his next glass.
And making something for his family was more about keeping the peace than anything else. Those were their songs. This one would be just Dean’s. He’d be putting more of himself into this than he ever had for a gift. He cracked open and took a swig from the next beer.
He likes those women the most because they seem to genuinely care, to understand. If he was a different type of man, maybe those would be the types of women he'd bring home or buy dinner.
Dean crosses his arms on the tabletop, giving a small smug smile to the angel across from him. The woman angel sits on the edge of the table across the way, no more amused than the first guy.
"Cas is chumming it up with Crowley." Dean bites back a smile, "They're hunting Lucifer together. That's right- one's an angel, one's a- uh," He stops himself, side-eyeing his dad. Sam notices and does the same, but Dean continues, stumbling over the end, "And apparently, they solve crimes."
A soft laugh tumbles out from his chest as he reaches out, putting one lock of hair between his fingers, then some in the other hand, too.
And those curls- they're framing her face in swishy ringlets. Looks so soft. Like something from TV.
A wetness starts gathering in his lashes. Hot pinpricks of something spasming in his nose and behind his eyes, blurring his vision.
Even if he's still pissed, he means it. John simply raises his drink in acknowledgement. That might be his fourth glass already.
While there's not much to be done to reverse the damage to their vehicle or offer any explanation to these men once their memories are wiped, he decides simply wiping them and healing any larger injuries is the best course of action before skipping town.
Dean nearly drops the machete in the dirt, but manages to keep a hand on it when he barrels forward, viciously wraps both arms around the angel's shoulders and pulls him forward with more urgency than he's ever done anything in his life. He exhales roughly, and coughs to cover up the complete shakiness of his breath. Cas doesn't hug back at first, clearly confused at Dean's sudden urgency, but a few moments later his hands come up and press into Dean's back, steadying him in place. Dean closes his eyes and squeezes him tighter, fingertips digging into Cas' shoulders entirely too aggressively for what this is- but all that's behind Dean's eyelids are stiff cold limbs, a body he wrapped up in a sheet himself, and a pyre by the lake...
"Alright, bragger." Dean takes a small swig from the nearly empty whiskey bottle in his hands, and offers some to Cas. Cas takes it, swallows a significant amount, then hands it back. "Does that mean your mojo is back in action?"
Rowena yells again, pink flames in the bowl- and the white climbs, rising in a thin strand and circling overhead before plunging downward through a vent and into the ether.
Cas tilts his head, reaching for his abandoned beer collecting condensation on the table, "Let's drink, and hope we can find a better way."
Cas takes the menu, pointing to the first sandwich on the list before handing it back, "Turkey Club, please. Thank you."
Dean goes for the blade, pulling it out and in the same motion jolting around Ishim's left- but Dean goes flying with the flick of a wrist before he's even able to get in a jab. He collides with the far wall, elbow nearly cracking on the cement on the tumble down to the ground.
"Dean. Drop it." John shoves his hands against Dean's chest, rough, causing his son to stumble back a few steps.
Dean slips his phone slyly from his pocket and checks it under the table. Cas stayed behind in Aldrich to make sure the brits really do skip town instead of doubling back on their promises and following them back here.
Cas watches her stab another piece of toast into the growing pile, sipping his coffee, "I like that. I suppose it's a better phrase than outcast."
Taking on that type of existence- even if he’s not totally human- it’s a fleeting calendar. A finite space. Not simply because the wars haven’t ended since the apocalypse- No, it’s more... when you choose humanity, you choose them every time. You die for them
"Please, come in." Abraham leads them inside, offering them both a seat at the couch once they’re through the threshold, "Sit, make yourself comfortable. I'll grab my wife."
He's called Sam and Dean both several times over, but it's been over an hour and a half now- they should've gotten back to him, or at the very least shown back up here.
He spends a few minutes scrubbing at his skin with a washcloth, either wiping off glass fragments or digging them deeper into his skin, he can’t tell. He abandons the endeavor entirely fairly quickly, skin raw, and he sloughs on his new clothes and tip-toes back to his room where Cas is waiting on his usual side of the bed, sitting up against the headboard with his eyes closed. Dean tosses his towel over the back of his chair and props a pillow on the headboard as he climbs up beside him. Cas cracks one lid to watch.
Dean too-aggressively shoves Cas' hand away from where it's been lingering on his chest. If it bothers Cas, he doesn't give any indication.
He crosses the room with a slight limp, not taking his eyes off of her. She's standing with her hand still halfway outstretched, mouth agape, and her eyepatch has been lost somewhere in the melee- revealing a whitened eye.
For some reason a small part of Dean thinks anytime the angel moves he's gonna reach out and touch him. Of course he doesn’t, though. Which leaves Dean equal parts relieved and disappointed.
”There wasn’t another option if we hoped to save-“ Cas starts, but John cuts him off without even looking his way.
John is just behind him, halfway through standing back up from a particularly hard blow, and gasping for breath just as Dean punches a blonde woman in the face, knocking her unconscious. He rushes back to his dad, giving him a hand up.
need to hear what dad's got to say. And Cas? Pretty certain he hasn't even spoken to him since kicking him out of his bedroom a couple days ago.
that you can’t describe but know it just by being near him. Dean tucks his face in the crook of the angel's neck and just inhales, taking in the smell of just pure Cas. The smell he couldn’t find in that wet trenchcoat he fished from the lake no matter how hard he tried, the smell that Lucifer couldn’t quite get right when he took Cas’ body, the smell that burned when Dean had to burn the body of the man he loved.
"Why not?" Crowley asks in mock offense, sticking close, "We made a somewhat effective team against Amara. It's been months, I mean
”What?” Dean asks, taking in the guy's lazed position strewn in the chair, trenchcoat still on but bunched wide across the seat.
How have they always done it? Is it simply because of each other? Or because they’re just made of something better?
His voice is weaker, raspier than he wants it to be, but John doesn't comment. He smiles at Dean earnestly.
"Oh, I wouldn't expect you to understand." Lucifer takes a step forward, eyes wide, knowing, as he lowers his voice to a hum of a whisper, "I was
"Stow the creepy questions, pal. You got your room, get your rocks off there." She says it without even looking up from her phone.
"But you know how you were back then, man. Dad gave you half an order and you were on your feet in two seconds carrying it through..."
He takes out his phone to check his messages. There’s one from Sam from early this morning, another couple from Claire- which is a nice surprise- and several more from Dean at different points throughout the day. He responds to Dean first, and gets to the others while waiting for his reply.
That's something Sam doesn't seem to understand. It doesn't give Dean any peace, loving Cas. It's just another thing making it hard to be Dean Winchester.
"You know, uh, we're gonna, um... we'll figure it out. Alright?" Sam's eyes are hard on the side of his head, but he can't bring himself to meet them, "We will."
The door can burn. This whole room can burn. The whole bunker. Dean doesn't care. If this doesn't work he doesn't think he can stay here anymore, knowing his best friend died just down the hall after telling him he was in love with him. This place is cursed. He gets now why John never turned back after Lawrence. Not that losing Cas is the same thing as John losing their mom. It's different, but it's just... the comparison is there. It makes sense to compare. Since Cas is family and all...
"Wow," Sam clears his throat, sliding out of their side of the booth to take Ishim's, "Hell of a friend, Cas."
"I heard you stomping around in the hallway and figured you'd find me eventually." Cas finally looks up, dropping his hands.
John steps forward, only a few inches taller than Tommy, but still looming over him, "Where's the show, Tommy?"
Dean is notably silent, shoulders stiff as he circles the car to join the other two on the edge of the sidewalk.
"Uh, Dean Winchester," Dean holds out his hand, but the man doesn't take it- only looks at him with eyes widening in surprise.
They hold eyes another few moments before she turns on her heel and exits the church without so much as a second glance back.
The drive to Sioux Falls from the carnival is a couple hours less than Lebanon, so they're all headed there to recoup for the night and cool down. Jody's gonna make a few calls in the morning, see about any trails of bodies those vamps might've left. Donna, Claire, Sam, and Eileen are gonna head back out first thing to poke around and see if there's not still more to the nest somewhere close-by. Dean and Cas pulled the short straw and got sidelined, tasked with dealing with the bodies and waiting for a call if there are in fact more vamps lying low and backup is needed.
"I don't get it. Lucifer could be taking over Heaven and Hell right now." Sam shrugs, shaking his head, "And instead, he's trying to act out some rock god fantasy?"
So Sam’s little judgment bitchface and harsh frown? Started sticking circa the teen years if for no other reason than a way to blatantly shame Dean into looking out for himself.
"Screw my plate. My plate's empty." He pinches his nose with a grunt, subduing his annoyance for the time being, "So, what, you're working with Crowley now?"
"Aging rock star, would be the correct term." Crowley speaks up loudly, clearly struggling to get closer to the receiver.
He didn't bring a flashlight, not wanting to bring attention to himself if any of the family is gonna be hanging out amongst the trees- but of course that also wasn't exactly the best plan because he can't see for shit.
"Yeah," Sam grins, turning the key. He stretches an arm along the seatback and peers over his shoulder, backing out, "If Dean didn't keep pretending he doesn't watch all those soap operas, he'd probably let you watch them with him. Same kind of deal as those things."
Cas. He kisses Cas like it's the first time and like he's been doing it for years. And it's easy and new and terrifying and unfamiliar all at once. And he
Given the man's track record, though, Sam's not even sure he'll be able to hold out hope for that, much less Thanksgiving.
There’s this sinking deep in the pit of his stomach of something long gone. A part of himself he's grown out of and shed like old skin. The part that says
Cause it's not like he'd change anything. Sure, there've been some tough roads to cross, but shit like that builds up your character. If it wasn't for the three of them, none of the people they've saved would still be around. That means something, doesn't it? Even if they've gotta tough through a little bit of bad to get to that good deed.
"Think about it, then." Sam grins, starting to hum along to the radio with a new type of pep to his fingers tapping on the wheel.
Dean starts untying his own boots, tugging at the laces. One comes off, he places it down. The second- and Cas is just looking at him.
The room murmurs in agreement, Max rising above the rest from his spot sunken into the couch, "Our mom
And with that, the panic returns. Because Sam was supposed to be his one job and his one friend left on this earth, and he's screwed that up for both of them because if he's not here then he could be anywhere. He could be dead.
Cas stood on the other side of the counter, picking at the bloodied ends of his sleeves. He looked like he wanted to say something but couldn’t find the words. Dean snagged another beer from the fridge, opened it, and slid it across the counter.
He says nothing, only frowns. Mick chuckles, "Or I assume. Why else would a man stand outside during a rescue if not because you’re locked from the premises? Getaway driver, perhaps?"
"How is this taking away a choice? It'd be giving him one!" He leans forward, gripping the seatback, "Dean can't see when someone gives a shit about him if they're screaming it in his face, but that doesn't mean you don't try-"
So, somehow, the witch got a good lick in to Dean somewhere out there, then got away. They might be able to track him if he kept to the woods- or at least figure out a general direction to where he might've headed-
The thing is, Dean likes it too. He likes Cas. He likes being around him. And he never really thought about how they act around each other. Now he can't seem to
Cas sighs, but presses two fingers firmly against Dean's forehead and closes his eyes, allowing himself to stretch his grace throughout the other man's body. There's really not much injury to him- a couple of bruised ribs and some scrapes, the worst being a near-concussion and a couple of broken knuckles. He opens his eyes and drops his hand. Dean opens his own, too- those green eyes bright as he grins, eyes flicking down Cas' face imperceptibly fast before he turns to his dad.
"I think that's what he's trying to figure out." Sam blows the air out of his cheeks, changing the subject, "Hey, you, uh, you hear from dad?"
But Cas is right, too. It's not something he can just write off and get over. He and John... it's complicated and messy, sure. But it's fixeable.
"That's not true. I-" Sam stops, letting out a breath, the air marinating with it, "I just think he needs time.
This is all that occupies his mind until the Impala grumbles up behind his truck in the late afternoon, Dean behind the wheel and his father in the passenger seat. Cas straightens as they roll up and kill the engine, and Dean approaches first, heavy-footed and peering past to get a look at the house.
Up until recently Dean always figured he'd be able to know Cas, even if he had to change bodies. Then Dean stood there and talked to Lucifer for days... looking him right in the eye. It's a certain kind of cruelty to know for sure now- he'll never be able to truly know Cas to his core. He's an enigma. Something entirely beyond comprehension. What's worse is Cas knows now, too- the two people he's closest to in this world and they don't know him when he's not wearing Jimmy's face.
But Dean's already there. His eyes rove the room, ears open for so much as a sniffle- an echo of someone scuffing their shoe, the creak of a hinge on a door someone's closing too-careful, the miniscule
a long time ago." He huffs out a breath, like it's a joke. They both know it's not, so he doesn't bother trying when he continues, voice low, "You can't get disappointed if you don't hope for something in the first place."
She has a point. He purses his lips in faux consideration, nods, and raises his cup. "Come one, come all."
He and John lock eyes, both stone-faced, waiting for the other to back down from whatever argument they seem to be in the middle of.
"Thank you, Dean." He pauses, mug halfway to his lips, a small smile there, "You always look beautiful."
It's definitely going to take some getting used to from all angles. They all only know one dynamic between them: John doling out orders, Dean following them without question, and Sam firing back at John with questions he never answers. Sam and Dean have had an entirely new dynamic for years- but John is the same man he's always been.
John ends up staying behind. Partially because he doesn't have his own sweater, and partially as a backup in case they really do end up needing the FBI to pay the Petersons a visit.
"It's getting late." Cas says. The headboard is stiff against the back of his neck where his head folds over the edge. His jacket is entirely too heavy and Dean's arm against his own is far too warm. And Dean just looks at him, licks his lips, looks away. Just like always.
"Angel!" Crowley growls out, pointing another firm finger at Cas' chest, eyes wild, "He's interested in...
thinking about it. Because if he can see it now, then everyone else is gonna see it and... What? They probably saw it the whole time, who's he kidding? He's the only unobservant friend who
People are still milling about in the bunker’s library. Maybe the night is still young for some of them, but Dean suddenly feels the weight of his age in every bone of his body.
"Hey! For the record, he refuses to fix my hangovers anymore, so jokes on you." Dean pulls out a carton of eggs from the fridge, "You all keep ganging up on me, you can eat a frozen pizza for dinner."
"Son, the Devil's a deceiver. Don't let him sow doubt in you." A horse whinnies by Sam's head, and he tries harder to keep still- to overhear their conversation. "If anyone found out about Magda, they'd come for her."
They're shoveled in the back of a heavy-duty prisoner transit truck, windowless and dark, arms secured behind their backs. Sam on one side facing Dean on the other.
Dean steps up in front of Sam, glaring down at the duo, "I guess this is where we're supposed to say thank you."
Tommy stutters to a stop just before the door, turns on his heel, eyes wide. He swallows, mouth agape.
"Yes ma'am. Compliments to the chef." Dean rubs his stomach, waving a hand to her, too, "And the wait-staff, of course."
" He tilts his head, looking at her once more- settled in pajamas that Donna bought and the tenseness in her shoulders dropping more by the day.
low groan escapes Dean’s chest, turning into a soft whine when he twists his head from Cas’ hand, his face turning deep into the angel’s shoulder.
And the man at the counter, surely falling asleep due to a long day’s driving. Can he not afford a motel room? Maybe he's trying to get home quickly, it could be the birthday of someone he loves tomorrow and he’d like to surprise them.
Cas would like it out there- in nature. Dean's not much one for camping himself, but even he can see the appeal sometimes.
"I remember my first moments on Earth. It was jarring." Cas continues, tilting his head, offering a nod of solidarity.
Dean slides the pot back in place, and steps around Cas, steps around Sam- out the room without a glance at either of them. He beelines for the library, rearing to get a start on
He slaps Cas' shoulder a couple times in farewell, and strides out of the diner without a second glance back.
Of all the times his dad has walked away, Dean can't think of a single time he truly asked him to stay.
Elka grapples a sharp hand around his jaw, tugging their mouths back together through a gasp of breath.
"Rebel." Dean snaps his fingers, turning on a dime to head in another direction, swiftly popping open the bottom drawer to a tool box on the back wall. He digs around a moment, settling on a couple large rectangular metal plates and holds them up, triumphant, "New plates, then. Where is it?"
Oh well. Dean had plenty of time. He’d already been over Cas’ failures, the lives he’d taken, and the torture he’d inflicted on Jimmy Novak. He’d spent hours going over every detail of how Cas was a disappointment to Heaven. Through it all, Cas’ expression hadn’t changed once.
Dean’s never really said that out loud before, but an empty motel room at the end of the world seems like the ideal place to give up one of his very last secrets.
“Hope the Empty’s all it’s cracked up to be. Hope you’re having a fucking wonderful vacation up there, you bastard.”
, and he took a deep breath. This time, he didn’t even make an effort to wipe away the tear rolling down his cheek. “I’ve had a goddamn metric ton of hookups. Most of them have ended up dead because of me. Well, not as many as Sam, but still. And I’ve never really gotten past the fling stage, not with anyone I lo—cared about. I’m fucked up, man.”
“Remember the time we met, Cas? I mean, not in Hell. The time in the barn. I put a blade through your chest, you told me I deserved to be saved. I think that’s the first time anyone ever said that to me. Last time, too.”
And then Jack is there to do all the crying and welcome home-ing and I love you-ing. Everything Dean can never say.
“Don’t see why not.” Dean finishes swiping goo off Cas’ shoulder and pulls him back into another hug. “I missed you.”
“I bet you’d be a screamer, Cas,” he says in a low voice. Almost against his will, his left hand starts to feel its way down to his belt buckle. “Bet you’d be begging for me to put it in you before I even got you on the bed. Don’t think I’d take the time to open you up, just push straight in. That’s what you get for leaving us like that.”
Cas flinched. It was slight, just around the eyes, but Dean had spent long enough trying to decode Cas’ expressions that the flinch was like a flashing sign saying
“I’m not sure, buddy,” Dean said, carefully stepping around his magazines to sit on the bed. Sure, he didn’t use them anymore, but that didn’t mean they didn’t deserve respect. “But you can ask anyway, and we’ll see.”
, man, flat out screaming. So I sat up right next to the wall and listened, and with all that narration I knew what he was doing every time. Just wish he’d screwed a few guys too, y’know?”
me. Bed, desk, whatever. Lube’s in the top drawer with the handcuffs. Spare gun’s in there, too, and I keep it unloaded if you wanna get really freaky.”
“I’m scared, Cas. I’m scared something will happen to you. To us. Something out there’s always stopped me being happy before.”
“I do not know,” Cas said, looking like he’d just been given a calculus problem to solve (well, he was an angel. Maybe they just automatically knew how to do calculus).
“I assumed that you would not willingly part with this information,” Cas said, finally turning his head to face Dean. His head was tipped quizzically to the side, eyebrows knotted and lips ever so slightly pursed. Dean tried to swallow, but his throat was far too dry. “Was this assumption incorrect?”
I cannot tell you how much I've appreciated every single comment on this work. I've been incredibly busy/stressed recently (i'm about to go on a cross-country RV trip...ugh) but I will reply to all of your comments soon. And if you feel moved to comment, please do! They are pretty much all that's getting me through the packing.
“You don’t?” Sam looks almost as surprised as Jack, and maybe Dean hadn’t realized just how wrong he was until right now.
“Saying…what?” Dean asked after a moment. His voice broke for maybe the thousandth time that afternoon. He didn’t really care.
after Dean had come back from purgatory. Dean had never really bought into it, especially because Sam was definitely hiding something that entire time, but now he’s kind of grateful that he’d listened to just a bit.
“If I’d said something, would it have been different? If I’d said something earlier, if I hadn’t let you think you were the only one who felt it. Would you have done it anyway? Could anything have happened with us? I mean, you’re a goddamn Angel. I’m just some guy. But I love you, Cas, I
“Went into town today, first time in a long time. It’s kinda nice, seeing people again. Knowing I saved all their lives. But you know whose life I couldn’t save?”
“I see,” Cas finally said, standing up. “I have the information I came for. Thank you for your time, Dean.”
“You could simply have asked me to pose for another picture. I do not believe that you are telling me the whole truth, Dean.”
, the guilt and remorse were eating him alive. Whenever he looked in the mirror, he saw a black-eyed son of a bitch staring back. He’d had to throw out his best red shirt because of all the bloodstains. When he closed his way too friggin’ human eyes to sleep, he saw the faces of the people he’d killed. He heard them begging him for their lives. He heard himself laugh.
“Okay, yeah, but I was looking at that picture, I wasn’t thinking about that. I was…” Dean took a deep breath.
“I miss you,” Dean tells Cas, staring up at his ceiling. “I wish we’d gotten in one kiss, you know? Just one. Just before you left. I mean, if I’m actually wishing things, I wish you were still here. So I could beat the shit out of you for even thinking about leaving me…us. I mean us.”
“You have to come back. Jack’s God now. I got no fuckin’ idea how to deal with that. Cas, we need you back.
The ringing brings Dean out of a dead sleep, loud and insistent and like the worst case of tinnitus he’s ever had.
“I turned into a demon! I hurt you, Cas. I left you for dead. I made you go insane, I almost killed you, I…”
, and it didn’t feel wrong. It felt more right than anything—even listening to Zeppelin with Sammy in the passenger seat and Cas in the back—had ever felt before.
1. My amazing beta reader for this story is doing something super cool (and purposefully vague) that basically proves what I've always thought: they'll be a broadway star one day. You all heard it here first.
“I was…” But Dean knew that he couldn’t say it. Not now, not when he was human. Not when it meant spilling the beans—again—about what a creeper he really was. He just…he couldn’t. “Cas, do you remember the babysitter?”
“What did you mean?” Cas prompted after a moment. His voice seemed somehow gentler than before. Which, great, now Dean was getting pity.
He slumps to his knees in front of the puddle and turns his face to the sky. In between the stars, just for a second, he thinks he can see a pair of blue eyes.
“I don’t see that we have anything more to discuss.” Cas refused to meet Dean’s eyes, staring down at one of the Busty Asian Beauties instead. “You have used a picture while engaging in self-pleasure—” trust Cas to use the driest language ever “—and described this body as
“Nope,” Dean said. He was distantly aware that this was up with the dumbest things he’d ever done. He was cutting off a fully powered-up friggin’ angel, not to mention trying to continue a conversation he’d been avoiding for the past six years. “You ain’t leavin’ until you hear me out. So get comfortable.” He gestured to the bed, and when Cas didn’t move, shoved him so that he stumbled backwards onto the bed. And yeah, the shove felt good. But not when Cas was looking at him with those puppy dog eyes.
So, Cas seems to have forgotten the entire goddamn reason he let the Empty take him in the first place, which is also the reason that he and Dean can never be together, which means...
Dean has taped a picture of Cas to his wall. His gun is loaded. He’s not wearing ear protection, and he hopes he goes deaf. He hopes one of the bullets ricochets off the concrete and rips into his skin. He hopes he causes Cas even more torment by being in pain that he can’t heal.
“I thought, perhaps…” Cas trails off, but Dean hasn’t spent the last eleven years interpreting angel-ese for nothing.
“Not a lot,” Dean continues in a carefully neutral tone. “Whole world disappeared, I got a dog, Chuck beat us up, Jack sucked up all his powers and became the new boss man, brought all the people back, and we ate some pie. Since then we’ve just been trying to get to you.”
“I thought you considered me part of your group,” Cas continued, voice and hands both trembling. Dean though he saw a tear in the corner of Cas’ eye, but that couldn’t be right. Angels don’t cry about messed up old photos. “Part of your family. But you have cut me out of a group picture. I can only come to the conclusion that you did not, in fact, wish me to be included.”
“Nope,” Dean said. He was distantly aware that this was up with the dumbest things he’d ever done. He was cutting off a fully powered-up friggin’ angel, not to mention trying to continue a conversation he’d been avoiding for the past six years. “You ain’t leavin’ until you hear me out. So get comfortable.” He gestured to the bed, and when Cas didn’t move, shoved him so that he stumbled backwards onto the bed. And yeah, the shove felt good. But not when Cas was looking at him with those puppy dog eyes.
. As we are both aware, this body is not my true form and angels have no gender. It is obvious that you are attracted to Jimmy Novak. I apologize for the fact that he is no longer here. Now will you please allow me to leave?”
Anyway, that brought Dean to the second (and as Sam would say, because he was uncapable of using normal words, more plausible) explanation. That Cas was going through his personal things and didn’t care if he was caught, because he was an entitled prick and thought that everything on earth was his domain. Well, Dean’s room was
Dean was in his bedroom, standing on top of a crumpled up porno magazine and bleeding just a bit from the cut on his thumb. His neck was at an awkward angle, and his eyes burned from all that crying. He was holding onto an Angel of the Lord, someone who had been around longer than he could comprehend and whose true form he would never see. But whose lips were so goddamn soft, all that crap didn’t seem to matter.
“Yes,” Cas says, reaching over to Dean’s top drawer. Dean hear’s the sound of a cap opening, and his blood turns red-hot in his veins. “I have been hearing the sound of you moaning my name for weeks, Dean, as I fought my way out of the Empty to get to you. Now I want to hear it again.”
“You remembered,” Cas said, voice completely neutral, face blank. “That was several years ago. I’d assumed you would have forgotten.”
“Castiel, I—I don’t—just please. I’m in church and everything, see? Praying like a friggin’ idiot. Breaker breaker, Cas, do you read me? You need to come back. I don’t care if it takes years, I don’t care if it kills you again. I
“You can’t just…just…Jack, the thing that made Chuck a bad god wasn’t that he was too involved with life on Earth,” Sam says, helping Jack to his feet. Dean scrambles upright on his own. “I mean, he wasn’t that involved in all those other realities, and he was just as bad there. Maybe worse.”
There’s a popping sound like about twenty pounds of popcorn going off at once, and Dean’s going to kill that kid. He swings his legs out of bed and stomps over to the door, but just before he grabs the handle the door lifts itself off its hinges and hurls itself across the room.
“You…what?” Cas asks in that gravelly voice of his, slowly tilting his head and furrowing his eyebrows. Same as he had in that crappy old barn, when he already knew Dean better than his own damn dad. Same as he had when he’d told Dean he loved him.
Thank you so much for reading!!! I couldn't believe the response to the first chapter, and I hope that the second was worth the wait. I've never had so many (or any, really) requests to write a story before, and I'm so happy that I'll be able to give you all the happy ending you deserve.
“No, I don’t. Come on, kid, we all make mistakes. Yours was, well, killing my mom. Mine was not forgiving you.”
“When we die,” Sam interrupts, and Dean shoots him a grateful look. He can’t talk about Cas, not now. Maybe not ever. “And that won’t be for a very long time, okay? But when we die, you can visit us. It doesn’t matter where we end up. You’re omniscient now, right? You’ll be able to drop by for a beer and a chat whenever you want.”
Anyway, I cannot overstate how much I appreciate every single comment or kudos. So please, if you have the time/energy/inclination and want to become my new favorite person, let me know what you thought! Either way, thank you so much for reading <3
Dean smiled, closed his eyes and let the elation wash over him. An angel had fallen in love with him. Even better, a demon had just broken an angel’s heart. He couldn’t wait to lord this over Crowley.
“Next time I see you, you’re gonna grab me and shove me up against whatever’s nearby. Wall, counter, Impala would be best. And then you’re gonna kiss me, Cas. Teeth and tongue and rough and messy. I want blood.”
. They’re so blue. Bluer than the sky, ‘least any sky I’ve ever seen. You always tilt your head to the side, too. Like a friggin’ dog begging for scraps.
“How’d you do it?” Dean asks, eyes so unfocused that every shadow on his ceiling could be an Angel. “You never slept. You just stood there like a…a…a gargoyle or something. Just staring, staring all the time. With those eyes, Cas, those
sometimes, Dean wondered whether he should use Cas’ Dad’s name like that. But what the hell, he was going there anyway—those shoulders.
Cas hadn’t. Yeah, sure, he’d been betrayed by people he loved. And yeah, he had a lot of heartbreak and shit under his tan trench coat belt. But he wasn’t used to someone he trusted throwing a no-holds-barred mental attack at him, getting straight to his weaknesses and going for the jugular.
“Wish you’d left your trench coat. Used to carry it around in the trunk, back when you went all God on our asses and then up and turned faith-healer-slash-husband. Whenever Sammy and I got separate rooms, I’d sneak it out of the trunk and use it as a pillow. It smelled like you, man. Like…gun smoke and pine needles and light.”
“Cas!” Dean calls over the radio, slamming the heels of his hands into the wheel in time with the beat. “No one around but you and me, man. No one in the whole damn world.”
,” Dean growls, launching himself forwards and tackling Jack to the ground (but not before cupping a protective hand around the back of Jack’s head).
And then he would probably say something sappy about how Cas had changed his life for the better or some other pansy shit. Well, Sam wasn’t here.
“Next time I see you,” Dean says to Cas as he washes his last breakfast dish, “I don’t even want you to say hello.”
“And why,” Cas continued, still crosslegged on the floor but looking just as menacing as he had when he’d struck down Dick. Dean was somewhere between glad he’d been cut off—because what the hell was he going to say to that?—and nervous about what Cas would say next. Dean didn’t even think he could
Dean had felt those lips before, under his clenched fist and bruising knuckles. He’d known they were soft. He’d imagined how they’d feel under his own, just after jerking off to that goddamn picture and right before rolling out of bed to fight the most dangerous son of a bitch he could find.
4. I actually speak some sign language and have spent a lot of time around Deaf people, so writing Eileen was SUPER fun/interesting! For example, Deaf people are in general a lot "ruder" than hearing people. They just say it like it is. So when Eileen talks about Dean acting weird and wanting to screw Cas, those are just her honest interpretations, not her being catty. It was a pretty fun characterization.
“Dean,” Cas said, swiping a tear off Dean’s cheek with his thumb. Dean didn’t even bother to hide his full body shiver. “What’s the matter?”
“And Jimmy Novak?” Dean was pacing now, kicking porn out of the way. “Seriously. He was a friggin’ house husband. With kids.”
Dean would never tell Sammy, or Cas, or anyone. But he missed being a demon. He missed being able to do the right thing—and the wrong thing, too—without that little voice yelling at him. The voice that told him
“Good. Now, c’mere.” Dean grabs Jack in a hug, not even adding a pat on the back to make it less emotional. They’ve just defeated Chuck and saved the damn world. For once, Dean is going to let himself have this.
need you back, damnit. All that stuff you said, it doesn’t matter. Hear me? It doesn’t matter. So there’s nothing standing in your way. I believe in you, man. You can come back.”
“You can.” Jack had said not to pray to him, but Dean is praying harder than he ever has in his life.
“And you won’t leave?” Dean can see the wheels turning in Sam’s gigantic brain, trying to predict whether Jack will listen to them or whether Sam will have to figure out some kind of God-summoning spell every time he wants Jack to come by for a beer.
not real when you’re not around. You just…you make everything…bright. And happy. Sometimes you just make everything so real that I can’t even stand it.”
He crosses to the wall and flips off the light switch. No reason to use up the electricity now Mrs. Butters isn’t here.
, the one that could command half of heaven. And his eyes were narrowed but still full of emotion, and
you pull me out of Hell? Oh yeah, I know, orders from the big guy. But there’s no way he ordered you to stick around for this long. Hell, you’ve lasted longer than all my relationships put together.”
Somewhere nearby, he’s dimly aware that Sam is hurrying Jack back to the car. Chuck is laughing. Chuck is gone. Sam is coming back.
A shadow, somehow darker than the pitch-black hallway, is standing in the doorway, and Dean is too fucking tired to deal with this.
“No! Well, in a way…actually, no. Come on, Cas. Of course I’m not sword fighting with a friggin’ picture!”
Anyway, Dean had his own angel sword now. And even though he wasn’t a demon anymore, he could still rough up an angel pretty good.
And not when he cared more about the feeling of Cas’ chest under his hands than the feeling of overpowering an angel.
“Yes, I can. I have to.” Jack gently pushes Dean off to the side. Dean knows that Jack could’ve easily blown him two states away.
Dean and Cas are acting weird. Like, weirder than normal. And not in the "I'm possessed by Lucifer" or "I have a mark on my arm that's making me kill people" way, Sam can deal with that kind of weirdness. No, it's the strange behavior that makes Cas wear a sweatshirt meant for the size of his true form. The kind that makes Dean wear three jackets in sweltering heat. The kind that makes Eileen roll her eyes and call them pea-brains.
“Cas, man, what the hell?” Dean asked, trying for angry but just coming out tired. Still leaning up against the doorpost. He hadn’t been this close to Cas since he’d gone back to being human.
“Cas.” Dean put on his most commanding tone of voice, and Cas stopped just before the edge of the demon trap. Good. Dean had saved his most devastating blow for last. “I loved you too.”
“Screw you, Cas. You don’t know dick about this,” Dean snapped, standing up from his bed and dusting his hands on his pants even thought they were perfectly clean. Cas looked a bit taken aback, and Dean realized that maybe he’d gotten too angry too fast. He’d had the Mark for so long, and then he’d been a demon. Dean wasn’t sure if he knew what appropriate anger was anymore. “I didn’t cut you out because I didn’t want to see you. I ripped up that picture because I
“I believe so,” Cas said, after thinking it over for a moment. Dean didn’t know when he was gonna remember that Cas didn’t get the
“No, I ensured that she was not a product of deceit. I performed all the necessary tests before you moved in with her.”
carpeting Dean’s usually clean room. So either he was somehow unaware that Dean was in the room, or he’d just elected to ignore him.
,” Sam continues, all genuine and persuasive. Dean couldn’t think of a speech this good if he had months to prepare. “He only came down here to boost his ego. He wanted love, but he never felt it. He had a sister, but they were never family. We’re family, Jack. We’re
“Yeah, Cas, I loved you too. Why do you think I stopped sleeping around when you came on the scene? Why do think I kept letting you come back, and back, and back? I used to hug a pillow at night and pretend it was you. Benny let me call him your name when we were in the sack. All those busty asian beauties in my room? Haven’t touched them in years. They’re just to keep up appearances. My real stuff is that one picture I have of you. And yeah, I used to obsess over what it would be like to kiss you, too. I bet you’re a biter. Would you mark me up real good, Cas?”
But he had about a zero precent chance of getting into heaven after all he’d done. And he and Cas, they could work things out. They’d stayed friends through so many betrayals and fights and failed attempts to become the new god. Why should this be any different?
“What?” Cas asked in a broken whisper, not turning around. The angel blade in his hand clattered to the floor.
“I missed you, as well.” Cas’ voice sounds a bit choked, but Dean figures that if he ignores it it’ll go away. “And Sam. And Jack.”
He shakes Cas’ shoulder, then again, and again until Cas’ eyes finally open. It’s only been a few days, but Dean’s breath still freezes in his chest at the sight of those eyes.
“I’m sure you could.” Even with his massive brain, Sam hasn’t caught on yet. He’s doing his own eyebrow-wrinkly thing, the same expression he’s made ever since he was a little kid and couldn’t understand how to fit the keys into the ignition (Dean hadn’t had any other toys for him).
A pair of hands grab him by the shoulders and spin him around to face whatever’s just broken into his most sacred of spaces.
“You remember when we used to stay in motel rooms all the time?” He continues, lazily sitting up and stripping off his jacket. “Those were the days. Don’t get me wrong, the bunker’s nice and all, but there’s just something about a motel. Lived in ‘em since I was a kid. Lots of history in these rooms, Cas. So many people in and out. Lots of babies made in this bed, I bet.”
Dean struggled for another excuse, another reason that he shouldn’t give in to the strongest temptation he’d ever felt. More than he’d wanted to kill under the Mark of Cain. More than he’d needed blood as a vampire.
aware of where Dean was. Over the years, Dean had seriously considered getting some kind of Angel radar blocker installed under his skin. He didn’t want Cas appearing like some kind of cursed wax statue while he was getting it on.
them I don’t want them to kiss in front of me because then I’d have to say why. I don’t know if I can tell Sammy, not after all these years. I don’t know if I can say it.”
“So, let’s see. You took me outta hell, let me stick you through the chest with a demon blade, and then you just kept hanging around. You became a god, went insane, annoyed the crap out of everyone, died about twenty times. I kept sending you away, and you just kept coming back. You’re like the friggin’ heavenly cockroach. But why, Cas? Why did you keep coming back?”
“You know the handy thing about being in love with an Angel, Cas? It’s the vessels. Don’t get me wrong, I mean, Jimmy Novak is…whew, he’s smoking. Still, it means I don’t worry about who I pick up at the bar. Whoever it is, they could be your vessel. I could be fucking
“You’ll make a good God, Jack.” Dean laugh at his own unintentional pun, and Jack laughs along, even though he probably doesn’t get the joke.
“I was a babysitter once,” Cas said, not raising his head or opening his eyes. “It was an interesting experience.”
“Why do we have that so-called ‘profound connection’?” Dean asked, sketching finger quotes. They were rather ineffective, because his arms were tied down. But hey, it was the thought that counted. “Is it because you’re the one who pulled me out of Hell? It must have been exhausting, going to all that effort to keep me from being a demon. Remind me, Cas, how did that work out?”
“Well, yeah,” Dean says, dusting down Cas’ coat just for something to do. That Empty goo really does stain. “Have you seen yourself, man? What a catch. Besides, we’ve spent so much time around each other, it’d be weirder if we didn’t start catching feelings. It’s like Stockholm syndrome. But now we can both help each other get over it, y’know? Get back to being best friends.”
“Damnit, Cas, I said it! I love you too. Now get your feathery ass down here or I swear to God I’ll never speak to you again.”
“Should’a seen that hunt, man. Killed so many sons of bitches. Almost got a nail to the back, but hey. All in a day’s work, right?”
So, Cas is asking Dean to put on a jacket. Which isn't completely unreasonable, considering that he's still wearing that University of Kansas monstrosity of a sweatshirt (even after a hunt). But even that stupid sweatshirt doesn't do anything to detract from Cas' attractiveness...and now they're arguing about it. Which, fine, Dean can handle an argument with Cas. But he may or may not have forgotten that they are standing in very good lighting, and Eileen can read lips.
“Cassie, Lisa, that one girl in Port Authority—never did get her name, but she was a hell of a lay. Even Benny, and that went on for quite a while. You know me, a monster’s a monster. But when you’re under the sheets…oh man. Totally worth it.”
“That’s…” Dean ran his hands over his face again, wiping up the tears that were threatening to make their way down his face. “That’s not what I meant.”
“Tell me the truth, man. You think I’m doing a good job with Jack? Because I have no idea what I’m doing. I swear to God—well, I guess I swear to Jack. Crazy, right? You’d think I’d be doing okay, since I basically raised Sammy myself. But I’m dying without you, man. We all are.”
grateful when Cas stopped over a foot away. “What the hell are you doing? Yeah, I know this talking thing is overrated, but you can’t just walk out in the middle.”
Dean shakes off the thought and glares at the steak through his stupidly watery eyes. God damnit, Cas is back. That’s all that matters. Dean is being selfish, and stupid, and he’s going to lose his best friend again.
Well, not unless the other dude was dead. Or unconscious. Or you really needed to use his angel sword, and along the way you just happened to look in all of his stupid trench coat’s pockets.
“I was once forced to watch a pornography video starring my brother,” Cas said, unrolling the picture of himself onto the floor.
Jack and Sam are out on a hunt, and Dean’s got the bunker to himself. He doesn’t want to be alone, but somehow…he feels like Cas might just be here too.
“You fell from heaven when you fell for me. How intensely poetic.” Cas was looking down, but not at the ground. He was looking at…“You’re looking at my lips right now,” he continued, slowly licking his lips and leaving them glistening with saliva. “Do you want to know what it’s like to kiss me, Cas? Or are you thinking about these lips somewhere further south? I’d be good, you know. I have a lot of practice.”
“Cas, I don’t know what to tell you. This one, it felt different. Felt like something big, some kind of Reckoning shit. Doesn’t make any sense, because it was just some vamps in knockoff Party City masks. But this could’ve been big, man. Don’t know how, don’t know why, but I know it. On the other hand, you’ve been…gone for almost a month and I’m still taking to you. Should probably stop that soon.”
), and Dean wants to stroke his hair, or kick him in the stomach, or grab him and pat him down to make sure that every single hair on his body was back.
Dean wondered if it was easy for Cas, maintaining his composure. He was tracking Dean with his eyes, and he had that same confused look that he always had. He’d barely even blinked. Dean, on the other hand, was about five seconds away from punching something—it didn’t really matter what—until his hands were a bloody pulp. Or maybe he’d just break down crying.
This could be the workings of a spell veiling the goings on within, or there's simply no one here and hasn't been for awhile. It's likely the first, given how powerful the warding is- but that doesn't stop him from worrying that Sam might not even be here at all.
I've decided to just go ahead and post a few chapters that've been done for a bit and won't get any more changes. So here's the start of some chapter dumps! Yay :) I'll post this one first and then a couple more once I do a quick read-thru for edits.
“Yeah," Dean shrugs, not needing further clarification, "No shocker there. It’s not personal, it’s just...”
realizes. He cares for people so deeply, it's difficult for him to receive any amount of reciprocation to the same degree. To receive more... at best, he retreats. At worst he becomes self-destructive...
"Mountains don't-" He stops upon seeing Crowley's wide, expectant grin, and instead runs a hand through his hair- mussing it up even further even though he'd just fixed it. He cranes his head out the window of the truck to look at the traffic ahead.
"Alright," He says, tugging out the keys and tossing them to Cas, who catches and pockets them easily.
Cas reaches across the table, catching Dean's fingers in a loose grip to stop him from violently tearing apart another sugar packet and leaving its guts dispersed across the space between them.
"What, you saying without us around you were five minutes away from blowing away the town or something?" He snorts uneasily.
He hears John distantly call for him, but it's a half-assed sort of thing. Or maybe Sam stops him from following. Doesn't matter.
Finally, Dean catches his breath, still huffing a soft chuckle now and again- letting himself, for only a moment, to want Cas so innocently it's embarrassing. He wishes,
needs Dean for something. They need him for sex. They need him to be their soldier. They need him to raise Sammy. They need him and don't ask what he wants, because he does it and he's expected to. And here Cas is smiling at Dean like Dean is the fucking sun, loving him and expecting nothing in return for it. That's... that's just...
"That's fast." Sam and Dean don't usually pick up cases one after the other like this. It's not wildly uncommon, but strange considering their father's recent reintroduction. Then again, that may be precisely why.
He redirects his attention to the table, and Donna is going on about a date gone wrong, animatedly changing her voice for each person in the story and laughing. Realizing he left his beer in the bathroom, he drifts to the kitchen to snag another, voices carrying from the dining room. He leans against the counter, pops open the beer, sips it while peering out the window into the near-dark, wearing borrowed pajamas in a home surrounded by his family. He remembers when he was a kid, sometimes he'd make a friend in a town they'd pass through, and he'd end up playing games in the basement for a single night like Jack and the girls are just below his feet. His friend's mom would order pizza and they'd stay up just being kids.
He peeks over the menu- it's a brunette, one brow arched and hand on her hip, a small smile touching the corner of her mouth.
The house got rebuilt. Not exactly the same as it was, but close. Neither of them had much to say on the layout, so they kept it simple. They kept the dungeon in the basement, of course. Cas added a nicer kitchen with wider windows. He knows its technically a breakfast nook but Dean refuses to call it that. There's a small garden out back that Cas insisted on, too. He wants Dean to eat healthier and he figures the best way is to guilt him into eating fresh food that Cas grows for him himself. He also just wanted one. He's never really had anything just for himself. Jack has his own room, there's a spare for Sam whenever he and Eileen come through, and Claire gets one too even though she and Kaia have their own apartment just a few miles away. Cas just wanted to make sure she always knows she has a home and people to come back to.
He's not getting any sleep tonight. Already knows that. So he props himself back up, pulling up to sit against the headboard, one hand reaching out to continue stroking through Cas' hair, hoping it might give him good dreams at least. If angels even dream.
The "safe house" is a church- because of course it is. A big yellow thing a good half hour outside the city, in the middle of several acres of corn field.
John wipes off the corner of his mouth with a napkin, crumpling it up and tossing it on his empty plate after several minutes of silence where Sam just nibbles at his food and stares oddly at John across the map table.
Dean digs his cell from his pocket and paces back down the way he came, hitting Cas' name in the contacts. A phone rings from behind one of the doors ahead. The call drops as Cas declines it, so Dean hits call again. A ring sounds out from behind Dean's own bedroom door. He stops just outside, then lets himself in. Cas is sitting on the bed wearing what appears to be a pair of Dean's jeans and t-shirt, head in his hands.
Dean abandoned the Impala at the gated fence before scrambling down the darkened path with little more than a gun in one hand and murderous intent in his veins.
The accompanied holler, however, he also recognizes. It stutters his steps just a touch, hearing Dean yell out in that way.
"Hey," He hip checks her, grinning, "I've been a doting single mother for years. Ain't that right, Sammy? Braided his hair before school and everything."
So he'll blow through Cas easy, cause Cas isn't gonna suspect anything... but that's not fair to Cas either. He's a good fighter, a great fighter. He's killed hundreds, thousands of angels. He could survive one little fight with one random angel…
"Got a lead on Kelly?" Sam spins around in his chair, watching Cas clasp the railing and stop halfway up the first step.
"Your father. Angels. Demons… Other creatures and people I can't even count. They don't care enough to look at him beyond what they wish to see. They want... they want him to be a certain thing to them, or they'd like him simply for his body..." He shakes his head, "Much of the time, in every one of these aspects, he lets them. Simply because it's easier. Or it serves someone else that he cares for more than himself."
Kaia hunts with Claire occasionally, but mostly she's stayed out of it so Cas offered her a job at the Roadhouse when they opened. Patience takes up some shifts every now and then for extra cash, too, in between classes. Kaia working here makes Claire stop by a lot more often, though, which always makes Cas' day. Despite how they've come together, he hopes that Claire thinks of him as family as much as he does her. At the very least he hopes he can make her see a little more all the time that she has people that will always be there when she needs. Same as he's finding he still has to encourage in Dean, despite having stuck by him for thirteen years already. Dean will still wake up in a cold sweat sometimes, and he won't tell Cas about the nightmare but it's not hard to guess by how tightly he holds him afterwards.
“I’m not especially interested in his opinion. Dear old dad, he finally apologized for abandoning me. And what’s the
"Gross, no one wants to see that," Claire says, full volume, padding past them and into the dining area with the rest.
Dean purses his lips, watching her go. All things considered, the woman seems to be handling things pretty well. Death of your own kid can't be easy.
He beams back, fists curling at his sides. "Because I can. And because being Lucifer? So much Judeo-Christian baggage. But Vince? He's
He peeks over with the corner of his eye, then flickers his sight back to the road. Crowley doesn't seem like the type to run into the line of fire to potentially die in the place of another, but perhaps he's changed more than Cas had realized.
"Well I'm gonna hit the kitchen, see if I can't scrounge up a drink," Dean pats Sam's chest with the back of his hand, grins, "Huh? You want something?"
"What the Hell?" Dean kicks one of the bodies for good measure, pissed that they had to make their entrance at the specific moment they did.
“You should let yourself feel good things sometimes, ya know, Sammy. It’s better for the heart. I know you’re all Mr. health over there...” Dean says, pulling down the next road, following the signs to the motel.
Not like he can argue with that. He's heard similar from a lot stranger folks, just a lot more don't usually take the plunge into full-blown Little House.
"It was." Sam stops, looking down, "We both suck at it sometimes- this whole thing. Taking care of each other. We do it wrong... I shouldn't have just dropped off the radar like that. Like- like you did something wrong.
"You should call that Sherriff pal of yours, get her connections in on this." John raises his voice over the dull roar of the engine, the air whipping in through the open window.
”Claire recommended a movie. She emphasized it may be of particular interest to you.” He says, then nods, tacking on as an aside, “I'm not so sure... but it
It's times like this where Cas finds himself wishing he never met God, so he could at least have the illusion that someone was listening when he prayed to the open sky.
It goes unsaid- he thought Dean would be dead by now. Dean shakes it off, plastering on a too-fake grin. His dad has never known the difference. Probably never cared to.
"Alright, well..." He nods, gestures to share with the class, "I need something to keep me awake, so crank it up."
"Boys. What can I get ya?" She licks the tip of her pen, presses it to the pad, looking between them expectantly. Her bracelets
Cas rolls his eyes and glares at the demon, putting his phone to sleep and dipping it deep into his pocket.
He parts with a last glare and starts circling the vehicle, digging his keys from deep in his front pocket.
Craziest part is- they're just two guys. Two guys with lingering looks and nothing but each other to lean on out on their own island.
"I'll give y'all a few minutes to decide." She says quickly when she's done, and there's a series of silent nods exchanged in acknowledgement.
There’s just a heaviness attached to all things dad. A responsibility. A lot of shit he’s tried really hard to forget about and a whole lot more that he can’t. Shit that never should’ve been on him in the first place.
Cas raises his head to him, searching Dean’s eyes from way-too friendly a distance, “I've never thought you did.”
"The road- Sam..." A disgruntled sigh heaves out as soon as Sam grabs the item in one hand and easily straightens the wheel, laughing.
Sam groans at the same time, and looks to Dean as his dad passes by without acknowledging it, into the next room. Shaking his head, Sam turns to his brother with an empathetic look.
Ishim waves a hand down the length of Cas' torso with a passive dissmissal, "Now look how far he's fallen."
He tosses Cas' cell phone in the air, and blinks away just as Cas catches it in one hand, immediately tapping into his text chain with Dean.
"Can Lucifer even sing or play an instrument?" Cas asking the important questions, face scrunched in complete seriousness.
He sighs, rubbing a weary hand down his face before looking Cas in the eye, "Look... I've been around all stripes of Vince, all right? Drunk Vince, depressed Vince, megomaniacal 'I'm a Golden God' Vince... The Vince who threw me through that door?" He shakes his head, "It wasn't him."
"Can I get you another?" Rudy appears beside Cas, seemingly out of nowhere, taking the empty glass from in front of him.
Lucifer tilts his head, lip jutting out mockingly, "Spanky." His mouth widens into a grin, "Did not take you for the martyr type, Crowley."
So they left it unsaid because if they let it be said then maybe this whole thing would just fall apart. Dean cared too much. Cas cared too much. But somehow, tonight, with Cas telling the Winchesters he loved them all, it shifted a little something, and opened the possibility of them bringing whatever this was into words. Just not yet. Not tonight.
Dean could hear the bed softly creak as Cas shifted his weight on the mattress on the other side of the door, and Dean let himself in, poking his head through first with a dopey smile that he knew he reserved for when he was uncomfortable but still wasn’t able to stop himself from doing it.
It's Loraine tilting forward and raising her voice to greet the new body when he actually takes notice. Smelling the leather and diesel with the faintest whiff of whiskey stained breath and clothes soaked with cigarette smoke so deep it won't wash out anymore.
His smile wavers anxiously as his father looks over the car. Cas realizes he's awaiting John's approval over his work. It's unclear if the other man even realizes this because he pays no attention to Dean whatsoever, instead finding a small ding on the tail end to focus on. His fingers trace over the metal, a disapproving frown settled on his face. The blemish is incremental, something Dean is more than capable of mending himself if given the time. It's odd that John would focus on it so intently, as though aiming to find a flaw in his son's work rather than acknowledge all that he
The hesitant curl of the corner of his lip, the shy way he looks down and away before breaking wide to a full smile, teeth gleaming through when Dean says something stupid enough to warrant it... He's even found himself trying more and more to say the dumb stuff Cas likes that makes him crack.
Sam nods with a stiff smile, two large gashes on his cheek still leaking blood, smeared with dirt, "Mmm."
these people are doing the things they're doing, but it stopped mattering as soon as they took Sam. Whatever it is, it ends tonight.
The man approaches the still bodies of the three suited men- two of which have been knocked out from the explosion- and kicks aside a chunk of debris in his path towards the dark-haired man still squirming slightly on the pavement.
She widens her eyes innocently and tilts her head to the side, almost like she's about to play it off- except it's the same way it looked at Dean before, inside of Elvis. The slight tick in one eye, and tiniest upturn of the corner of its lips- as though so amused it has to keep itself from grinning maniacally.
Dean's sure he must be looking at him much the same because when he turns back to Donna, the corner of her mouth quirks up in a smile and she squints her eyes directly at Dean, looking like she wants to say something but decides against it and turns back to the stove.
"Yeah, uh..." He clears his throat, taking a thick swallow of coffee, "Well, good news, uh, there's nothing on angel radio and Heaven's still on lockdown, so rogue angel is out."
"Hey-" He holds up a hand, "I'm sure you did everything you could. And, I mean, come on- after last night... you saved all of us."
Sam and Dean trade a look- they've spent enough time with Lucifer to get a sense of the guy's movements, the way he talks, his plays. Sam, especially.
"Yep. Get's weirder," John says, reaching over to finger through a couple of pages and land on a particularly grotesque photo of the inside of the woman's head, "Victim's skull was filled with this 'goopy mush' as the doc put it."
Maybe that's how it is for Dean, too. They've never talked about it. It's not something they talk about at all... intimacy. It's unspoken, but that's a topic off the table.
So, for the math: LOTUS aired December 8, 2016. If we jump off of that and say that around that time is Kelly's conception date, then the trip to find and capture Kelly/Lucifer would've occurred within the following couple days after that- since that plan moved quickly following Jack's conception and you can see based on the daylight/nighttime in changing scenes in LOTUS that 2 days passed and they extracted the president on Dec 10th.
There's not enough chairs at the table, so whoever wasn't there for the musical chairs claim gets the boot into the living room. Dean and Cas head for the couch and just as they reach the room, Cas hands Dean his plate to hold. He begins folding up the blankets they'd strewn across the floor, piling up the pillows neatly beside them and placing the coffee table back in its original space. It's so incredibly domestic and normal, Dean's struck by a sudden and complete
"Ah, yes, that's how it goes isn't it?" Crowley smirks at Cas, who's jaw is clamped shut, a muscle jumping as he stares down Crowley like he's considering smiting him right then and there.
"It's breakfast. It's Vince's rider." Crowley points to a few more items down the line which, now looking at them, do appear to be food related. "I've seen worse."
from Dean. He doesn't need anything. He doesn't say these nice things just to get Dean into bed like all the girls over the years that succeeded and a lot more who tried. But that's not Cas. He's saying these things
"Dean, we don't have to talk about it, but I sense that you've been avoiding me partially because you don't know what to say. You don't have to say anything. We'll just go back to the way things were before. I'd prefer that, if that's alright with you."
"Good friend of yours was a vampire." Sam continues, eyes flicking to his brother when he can spare a glimpse away from the trail, "Another guy we know is a werewolf... Uh, then there's Cas."
"Alright," He clears his throat, leaning in suddenly, locking Castiel with an intense glower, "Look, kid, I don't trust on word alone."
”Maybe you should try showering, then." Sam jabs, circling to the trunk and holding out a hand for the keys.
"There are many sensations you don't realize until their absence. A breeze, the sun, even this," He pats the leather of the Impala's seat, "Feeling this, touching it. Everything around us is a constant reminder of life."
Wendy chooses then to clomp back beside their table, placing down the sandwich and soda- which Kelly gratefully grabs and takes a long sip from.
Heavy-footed as he makes his descent, the stairs echo with his every step. He inspects for any sign of Sam or the woman's presence, scanning the room. Of course the pair wouldn't still be standing where they had been, but...
Friends could do that kind of thing together. Lay in the same bed. That’s not weird. Except maybe it’s weird for
Silence descends on the lot again, the first rays of sunlight pinkening the sky just beyond the trees. A spattering of clouds stretch out from the horizon and reach in drifts towards the depleting black.
He starts heading for the bunker, and Cas creaks open the door to the cab of the truck. Dean stops, considering a moment, then turns back around.
"It's true. It's true for all of us. So is that what we're doing now? Making the sacrificial plays based on who should've been dead first had things not happened the way-"
Sam shrugs, bumping his brother's shoulder with his own, "Dean- it'd be great if he'd show for once but..." he pauses, finding the words, "You were always the one that turned those days around. Tried to make some good memories when you didn't have to."
Dean lets out a huff of breath through gritted teeth and thin lips, but doesn't loosen his hold on their tangled limbs, instead catching John's arm in its upswing from the slashing. Before John's able to maneuver out, or strike a low blow, Dean headbutts first, knocking the side of his skull against his dad's with a solid
Guy clearly knows what's good for him, though, cause he doesn't prod the subject any further. He sighs, watching Dean pace a few more steps, pointedly noticing when his feet slow more and more with the serious deliberation on whether or not to just storm into the joint guns blazing.
He holds her eye for a long moment- knowing she knows he's going to do this either way. It's what they always do, isn't it? The risky thing. Just to save each other.
Rowena's chanting is faint, just barely drifting down the stairs. Logically, he knows Dean's in good hands- that if
" Now Cas is the flustered of the pair. He shifts in his seat and swallows, a small part of him twinging that someone else seeing them in such a way would be so disturbing to Dean, "That bothers you."
"He's got a hell of a speaking schedule." Dean looks up, cogs working in his own head, "He's averaging three events a day, and he's got a gala dinner on Friday night."
"By all means, let's rush to find your demon pal." John mutters, shaking his head- and now that Cas is paying attention- defensively clutching what looks to be an angel blade inside his pocket and sleeve.
Cas has been quiet, but he's bound to be in as much disarray as Dean is, he's just always been better at hiding it. Dean bets, though, if he were to look over his shoulder, Cas would be fidgeting in his seat, hands intertwined and anxiously moving in his lap.
Maybe it'll make it better. Maybe it'll make it worse- Sam thinking Dean never believed he could do better than that.
"I can't read lips." Dean confirms with an affirming nod, focusing back on the screen where last-night-Dean is flung back into the trash with the swoop of their mystery figure's hand, "You see that?"
Cas can't pretend not to know that Crowley cares for Dean far more genuinely than the others he surrounds himself with. Ever since The Mark- Crowley and Dean have had an unusual sort of friendship and hesitant trust. Cas doesn't like it at all, but he too has an odd relationship with the demon- one that's a lot closer to friend than foe, so he's not in much of a position to judge.
"I've been told the church doesn't want us talking like that anymore- too old fashioned." He continues, hand fisted firmly in front of him, "But I know what I saw."
"Yet you're victim as well." He sighs, eyes softening taking in Dean's baffled expression, "In a world filled with such genuine evil, it's a pity that we must so frequently war with one another and even ourselves- because of these prejudices. Often depriving ourselves of the very things that'll make us happy."
Neither of them say anything. Dean can't even look Sam in the eye enough to tell him it's gonna be him. To start fighting him on it-
It's clear as the three make their way to the garage that the dynamic between them leaves something to be desired. Dean is openly pretending that they can all shove aside their differences for long enough to find his brother. John is apprehensive on the whole affair, glaring at his son and eyeing Cas threateningly. Cas is simply trying his best to follow Dean's lead, not feeding into John's evident notion that Castiel is a wolf in sheep's clothing intent on taking advantage of Dean's misplaced trust.
He's too broken, too messed up and- he has to sleep with a gun beneath his head cause it's the only way he
Sam blows the air from his cheeks like that’s not the single-most frustrating yet understandable thing he’s ever heard, "There's a chance that might never happen, you know."
"Yeah?" His mouth travels down the length of her jaw, feeling the shakiness in her breath against his ear- and thrusts his hips slow against her own in response.
"You wouldn't believe me, and I have no clue. Uh..." He peers around, looking to Sam who's got his hands on a map, unfolding it.
Cas closes his eyes abruptly, gripping his palms around a beer bottle he'd forgotten was even there.
Dean stares at the empty doorway the girls can be heard chattering and laughing on the other side of, and a wistful smile touches his lips. Eventually, he takes a breath, turning back to Sam, "I tried to get him to stay."
John chuckles humorlessly from Dean's left, brows raised, "That's your angel, huh? Looks more like an attack dog to me."
He wants to tell Cas that maybe if things were different. Maybe if Dean was better and could handle this kind of thing better. Maybe if Cas wasn't a guy. Because the thing is it's not
-referenced in the scene Sam tries talking indirectly to Dean about sexuality when they're walking through LA. I imagine Dean read this journal many times, and a lot of the parts that were about himand John's genuine perspective on him, he internalized greatly. There are many lines within this book which are unsettling to think about Dean reading and realizing that this is how John saw him- then knowing that John never really knew him at all. He only knew the mask Dean put on in front of him, because that was the only way John would even look at him like he was his son, and maybe someone he could be proud of.
Castiel waited, holding his breath as Dean searched his face carefully. It stung a bit, that there was still a lot of trust to be mended between them, but he supposed it was understandable. Finally, he offered up a smile. "Alright. Fine. Where is he?"
Castiel squinted at his Grace, trying to place where he recognized it from. "Gadreel?" he realized at last. "Guardian of Eden? The one who allowed the serpent into the garden?"
He scanned the side of the road before turning off onto a dead end gravel side street partially concealed by the trees. "There's no way I'm risking my baby any more in this weather. We stay here until it blows over," he explained gruffly.
"And that's why you wear the necklace? The one he gave you?" He pulled the pendant out from the inner pocket of his coat, where he'd kept it safe all this time.
"What is your part in all of this, Balthazar?" Castiel asked. "Not to sound ungrateful, but I've never known you to commit so readily to, well, anything." Balthazar had been his closest brother for many years, but they had never quite seen eye-to-eye on just about anything; they were, quite literally, on different wavelengths. Sure, he obeyed orders like any other angel, but he had never focused himself fully on his work, always choosing to drift through it before returning to whatever pleasurable state he had been in prior.
Anna appeared from behind, shoving her own sword through Uriel's throat. He collapsed, screamed as his Grace ignited, then fell finally and completely still, his wings seared into the concrete. Anna looked at Castiel pityingly as he stood, and he decided he couldn't take it any longer and flew away. But perhaps out of some twisted masochism, some desire for punishment after all he'd felt that day, after all he'd done, he flew to Dean.
her, at least the version of her he'd known before she had Fallen, that much he could admit to himself. She'd always been a gentle and reassuring presence in the garrison, sympathetic when others were unmerciful yet fierce when they were fearful. Things seemed to fall apart after she had gone, and he still resented her for it, but perhaps things had been broken long before then and he just hadn't realized it yet.
Castiel finally risked a glance at Dean, and maybe it was for the best that he only saw his back and not the pain on his face that carried into his words. "For what it's worth, I would give anything not to have you do this." He knew already that it was worth nothing. Something had broken between them, something that words alone could not heal.
"I can show you the way, but they're not going to let you just walk back up to him. You need a distraction."
"Dean!" Castiel snapped for the second time that night. Dean held up his hands placatingly, still biting back a smile. If Castiel didn't know him so well, the conversation would have ended there, but he recognized this for what it was. A diversion, a distraction from a more serious topic that he didn't want to confront.
Do you hate reading show dialogue as much as I hate transcribing it? If so, I deeply apologize. Once again, a lot of it unfortunately plays a part in the direction this fic is going to go. But we are slowly but surely edging our way into AU territory here folks!
This felt different, however. He was asleep, for one thing, instead of on a hunt. But this felt far worse than just any old nightmare that humans tended to have.
Castiel appeared several feet away. The physical distance between them shouldn't have mattered, but it did. It made a difference, however marginal. It was easier this way to imagine Dean as something small, insignificant and beneath him.
Dean jerked back, as though he'd been struck, but Castiel remained steady. "I can deal with the sad puppy pity looks," he bit out, somewhat unconvincingly. "Been dealing with them my whole life. I can deal with people being afraid of me. But if they saw...if they knew how I broke...the things I've done..." He clenched and unclenched his fists anxiously at his sides. "They wouldn't understand, Cas.
"I didn't ask to be." Dean's voice shook with disappointment. In himself or in Castiel, he couldn't be sure.
He never got the chance before a rustling in the stalks alerted him to another presence. A man emerged, but beyond his human face, Castiel recognized the familiar glow of his brother's Grace. "Balthazar," he acknowledged. He slipped out his sword warily. "They sent you to kill me?"
"We're done," Dean repeated, and the finality of the phrase echoed in the tiny room. What little was left of Castiel's resolve crumbled.
But before he could say anything, he found himself facing not an ornate, gilded room, but sterile white walls only interrupted by Naomi's stern presence.
Castiel was about to mention that it was unlikely his brother would let up in his rage anytime soon, but he was cut off by Dean nearly kicking him in the head in his attempts to scramble over the top of the seats and falling into the back. By the time he looked back to gather what was going on, Dean had already peeled off his soaked shirt and jacket. "What are you doing?" he asked.
"Well, then you guys are screwed," Dean told him, tears in his eyes. "I can't do it, Cas. It's too big. Alastair was right. I'm not all here. I'm not...I'm not strong enough."
Dean also glared at Bobby but still placed a hand on Castiel's shoulder to break the tension in the room. "Cas, could I talk to you outside?" he asked, tugging gently without giving him the chance to reply. Castiel briefly considered standing firm just to spite him, but in the end he allowed himself to be led out into the hallway.
Castiel started his search wide, poking his head into different dimensional planes, apart from Heaven and Hell, for obvious reasons. This took quite a toll on his Grace, however, so he decided it was probably best to focus his wanderings on plain old Earth, after popping up on all the other planets and moons in the solar system, of course. Besides, if God truly valued humanity as His greatest creation, it stood to reason that He would remain near them.
"Anna," he breathed with relief upon seeing her standing behind the bars of her cell. She whirled on him upon hearing his voice. "What are you doing here?"
Apologizing now for the insane amount of recap towards the end. So much of it is important to Castiel's character arc and to how this story is going to change going forward that I couldn't in good conscience gloss over it. I hope there's enough original moments and additions in there to make up for it.
“Omniscient.” Jack’s eyes light up, and Dean has the feeling he doesn’t like where this is going. “So I can go to Heaven, and Hell? What about Purgatory? Or…the Empty?”
Cas made a little choking sobbing noise. His shoulders were slumped, and his head was bent. Dean had done it.
Dean bit back a swear and leaned up against the doorframe. He took a deep breath and scrubbed his hands over his face, but the voice didn’t die down.
“I’ve done just as bad in my lifetime, and I have to believe that I am still fundamentally good. As are you. Do you think that, out of all of the universe, I would chose to love a bad person?”
For the last two weeks, Dean had slept just as little as he could get by with. He’d tire himself out working on Baby or a new lead, and then fall asleep wherever he was at the time. Sam was starting to get worried.
. I’m just an idiot with a car and a gun. You do everything for me, and I do nothing for you. I don’t even deserve to be your friend, okay?”
“And the Cas came back, the very next day…” he sang out loud, then laughed. He liked his new laugh, harsher. Meaner. Cas didn’t like it, that was obvious from the way he held his shoulders. Good.
“I want you to break down the door. Hear me, Cas? Break it down. I don’t care about getting it fixed, I’ll buy some new hinges. Move rooms. Don’t care. Break it down and
Maybe Cas could’ve kept going forever. Dean didn’t really know if he needed to breathe or not. But Dean was, once again, just a lousy human. But even though he had to pull away, he didn’t pull far. His rasping breaths minded with Cas’, their foreheads still touching. Cas’ hands were clasped around the back of his neck, and Dean wasn’t even worried that it would turn into a chokehold.
“No, Dean, I believe that I am the one receiving mixed signals.” There weren’t many people who could look intimidating sitting crosslegged on the floor surrounded by porno magazines. But Cas was using that
“Oh, the kid missed you like crazy. He wanted to take first watch because he doesn’t sleep anymore, but I told him he should go hang out in Heaven for a while. Y’know, do some remodeling. Spend time with his mom. All that God stuff.”
and were always on twitter and got murdered and turned into a demon telephone, that wasn’t hot. And that other weird zombie future where you were just having orgies all the time, that was—honestly pretty hot. But it wasn’t
Dean lets out a hitching sigh, grinding down on the toy-ish thing he found while he was looking through the Men of Letters’ file boxes. He figures it probably is’t cursed.
Dean sighs and flips his pillow over to the cooler side, then reaches over and downs a shot of whatever he put on his bedside table.
“In that case, why are you continuing to call me ‘buddy’ and ‘man?” Cas asked, raising his hands to make the least sarcastic air quotes Dean had ever seen.
Before, it had always been that Cas didn’t like him like that. But now that was out the window. He could argue that Sam wouldn’t like it, but that would be a lie. He could say that he wasn’t in a good place, but really, when had he ever been? He could say that he was straight, he was dangerous, he was damaged goods. He could even spin the table and say that he was in love with someone else (Benny? Crowley? That stripper from the bar?), and this whole thing had just been a big joke.
By the time he gets to the kitchen, all the slamming and the trip to the Empty have come together to make every muscle in his body ache. He kinda wishes he’d kept that hammer he’d tried to kill Sammy with back when he’d gone all black eyes, for the sake of convenience.
“Sam and Eileen are doing good. Which is good, right? It’s good. But I can’t understand half the conversations happening in my own home and they’re always kissing and I can’t
“Dean doesn’t think so,” Jack says, like he’s just stating a fact. Like he’s just accepted that his—well, that his dad wants him gone. “Dean wishes I were dead.”
Dean guns the Impala, Zeppelin blasting over the speakers and Jack sitting in the passenger seat. The windows are down and the road is smooth.
“Sorry, man. Been a minute. That last hunt…whew. Had to get Garth on the case, and Jodie and Donna and all her kids. But we did it, Cas, and I think it was you. I think you’re up there helping us.”
“I’ve gone without sleeping before, you know. It’s just…it’s different. I can’t turn off my brain, Cas. Is this how it feels, having all that Angel Radio non-stop? People yammering on in your head? Because I can’t stop hearing you. Just you.
But all that build up was just going to make Dean’s eventual success that much sweeter. He had years of practice, manipulating witnesses to tell him all the juicy details of whatever crime they were investigating. Hell, he’d even gotten Death on his side a time or two.
And now he had another chance. A chance to walk away from Cas and never mention this again. But hey, he wasn’t doing anything else today. And he hadn’t talked to Cas in way too long.
“You told me sixteen days ago,” Cas continues, and Dean makes an effort to listen instead of just watching. “That you used to have…feelings. For me. And in the past sixteen days, you have not mentioned it once, leading me to believe that you have forgotten your words.” Cas’ fists tighten, and Dean wants to unwrap them so he can rescue the crumpling photo Cas is holding in his left hand. He also wants Cas’ hands to close again, this time over his own, so that they would be…
Except…it’s not a punch, or a bullet, or even a bite. It’s a pair of lips, pressed against his own, and a squared jaw tilted to the side. It’s glowing blue eyes and strong hands and…
—compared to this. Cas’ lips moving under his, his stubble rasping on Dean’s upper lip, his soft hair in Dean’s fist.
“I have come to believe that those are epithets usually accorded to platonic friends. If I remember correctly, you have often called Sam by both.”
property, not any angel’s. Cas should know by now. You don’t just go around touching another dude’s stuff.
“Would I go into the friggin’ Empty and drag you out by your stupid trench coat if I didn’t want to see you? You’re my best friend, man. I don’t see why a little crush should stop that. Hell, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel the same way.” Dean pulls away, clapping Cas on the shoulder and stifling a yawn.
Dean let the question dangle in the air for a moment. He wasn’t hoping for a response, more for a bit of time to answer it himself.
“Angels do not have genders,” Cas said, stepping over the border of the demon trap. His voice was low and raspy.
And not when he cared more about the feeling of Cas’ chest under his hands than the feeling of overpowering an angel.
“But he probably hung around anyway,” Dean continues, casually brushing Cas’ hair back from where it’s fallen over his forehead. Empty goo will do that to ya. Dean had to take a shower after he got out. “Not like I could get any privacy to begin with, now he’s in every drop of water and every grain of sand and yada yada yada. Sammy and me have no idea what to do with him. I’m so glad you’re back, man.”
Maybe somewhere, in one of those alternate universes that Chuck destroyed, there was one where the only thing that Cas wanted—the only thing that Dean wanted—wasn’t something they could never have.
Cas’ lips tightened, and his eyes darted to the side. Dean could smell the blood in the water, and he was absolutely starving.
“Dean?” Jack asks, wrinkling his eyebrows in the way that reminds Dean so, so much of Cas. “What are you doing?”
But instead, he puts a hand on Cas’ left shoulder, gripping it like it’s a rope and he’s drowning at sea. He was drowning without Cas.
Dean thought bitterly. But there was no use bringing Sammy into this. It was going to be bad enough already.
“I am the opposite of Lisa,” Cas observed. His voice sounded even coarser than usual, and his eyes were bright, but not because he was using his angelic powers or whatever.
“Dean, you are a good person. You deserve to have good things.” Cas was standing now. Dean’s next pass would take him less than six inches away from him.
Luckily, the kitchen came equipped with a meat tenderizer, and he bought a whole load of rib-eyes just for the occasion. It’s not quite the same as killing something with a hammer, but it’ll have to work.
“Dean—” Cas started, and Dean looked up to see that they were just inches apart. Good. Right now, he didn’t want personal space.
He laughs out loud, even thought it’s not particularly funny. He lets himself fall backwards on the bed.
it! He kicked one of his magazines across the floor and watched it crumple as it hit the baseboard. “I couldn’t ask for another picture because I didn’t want you to know that I was using it to…” he made a vague jerking off motion with his left hand. That was another thing that had come back along with his humanity. Embarrassment.
2. I spent SO MUCH time color picking a specific photo of Cas' eyes and typing the hexidecimal code into various paint sites to get the color name. Do you think I got it right?
“Cas, you’ve known me for a long time. You know I’m not the praying type. But right now, this goes out to any Angel in the Empty with their ears on. If you see Castiel, Angel of the Fucking Lord, give him hell for me.”
“They missed you too, o‘course. Sammy’s spent the last couple of weeks—” three months, two weeks, five days his brain supplies, but Cas doesn’t need to know he kept count “—reading up on all the Empty lore. He’s the one who figured out how to get you back.”
“Wouldn’t mind it if you fucked me,” he adds, almost as an afterthought. “Take off that trench coat and just do me up against the wall. I’d be good for you.”
Dean almost falls out of his chair, where he’s been sitting up all night—supposed to be sitting up all night—to look out for Cas. Kinda ironic, him watching over a sleeping angel. At least it would have been if he hadn’t fallen asleep on the job.
“You can give him all that,” Dean says, patting Cas on the shoulder quite a bit harder than necessary. “Come on, buddy. You’ve been God too, remember? Why do you think we brought you back?”
“Sam and Jack are down the hall,” he tells Cas as he lays down on one of the beds and lets the magic fingers do their work. Sam explained how the electricity’s still on, but Dean couldn’t have been paying less attention. “Just you and me.”
“When I was with Lisa, I was in this little make-believe bubble. It was like a djinn, you know? Lisa took away the monsters and the angels and everything. I was just a normal person with an awesome car.”
There was no question in Dean’s mind. He was gonna make Cas crack. The only thing he didn’t know was how and when.
“Get the hell away from me!” Dean gives as good as he gets, landing punch after kick, but the thing just keeps shoving him backwards until his knees hit the edge of the bed. He goes down, and the thing goes down on top of him. Dean braces for impact.
5. I have enjoyed every single one of your comments, and I absolutely promise that I'll respond to all of them when I have the energy!! It's been a crazy couple of weeks but I can't believe the response for this story. Thank you all so much for reading, and please, if you'd like to comment know that it will make my week.
There was a moment of silence. Dean sat back down on his bed and reached under the pillow. The knife bit into his thumb. Well, there went Dean’s last hope of this all being a dream.
Castiel didn’t respond. Dean hadn’t expected him to. He was about as interesting as the shelves he was standing next to. At least they creaked sometimes. Cas had been standing over there for hours, and Dean didn’t think he’d even breathed.
She stops, lip quivering. A tear travels down her cheek from beneath the eye patch. Then, like nothing happened, she takes a steadying breath and hardens back up again.
He circles back to them, Sam and Dad wearing near-matching somber expressions, and Crowley sporting a sore black eye to rival dad’s own.
Cas, however, seems to get even more frustrated at that sentiment, "If Ishim can help me find whoever killed Benjamin, then I have to."
It would say something different to John, though. If he found out. If he saw Cas sneaking out like some chick from the bar.
Finally, he finds Claire and Kaia settled in a couple of folding chairs beside a makeshift fire pit that's still unlit. They're cozied up close, heads touching in deep conversation, and... oh, holding hands. That's new. The two notice his approach and look up, Claire with that troublemaking smirk and Kaia more sheepish. He points at where their hands are clasped together and waves a finger between the two of them as if in question. Claire raises an eyebrow, waiting.
"Oh," Rowena chimes, accompanied by a sing-songing click of her tongue, "It's for you, my sweet boy-" and holds the thing out for Dean to grasp in one hand. He holds it up, staring down at it, eyes flicking back to her expectantly. She waves out a hand, brows high, "Say hello, then."
So he puts out the call, sets up the meet. It's not an immediate meeting, of course, not like they'd once have been able to manage. So instead they set up a time and place in town for later that night, giving enough of a span of time for Ishim's travel.
When he gets to the nightstand, he pulls out the drawer last, not entirely sure what's even compelling him to go snooping through another corner of Dean's things. Maybe it's just to feel artificially connected to him for a fraction of this day. To leaf through the tiny artifacts that Dean keeps closest to him.
He lets out a breath and drops his gaze to his fingers wrapping around the glass, twirling it in a circle, considering. Because, really, he's not sure. His relationship with Sam has been built steadily over time due to a mutual wariness born purely of situational contrast. Dean, really, is where the mutual trust and respect had been born and feathered out from there.
He palms the phone in both hands- applying pressure to stop the shaking, and snaps the thing in half.
"Who are they?" he asked, once again tightening his grip on his blade, not that it would make much of a difference if he really was in any danger. He was vastly outnumbered, his powers limited.
He found himself standing in a sterile room before one of his sisters. "Hello again, Castiel," she greeted pleasantly, though Castiel could not recall ever crossing her path before. "You will not remember me. My name is Naomi."
Castiel reached out, wanting to console him somehow. His fingers hovered just above where Dean's hand rested on the sheets, but he let his arm drop, and he flew away. Dean never noticed.
She pursed her lips thoughtfully, but her expression soon settled back into a blank smile. "It doesn't really matter; most angels have been sent to me for corrections at least once or twice in their lifetimes. You, however, I've had to keep a close eye on. You're an excellent soldier, so long as you're operating within acceptable parameters, and your garrison is fond of you, so I let you leave after our sessions. Still, there's an air of defectiveness about you that I can never quite seem to erase."
It struck him very suddenly that he missed its owner, that he missed Dean. He'd grown so accustomed to knowing where exactly Dean was whenever Castiel was on earth that the absence of their bond felt almost like the loss of a limb.
Castiel chose to sit down, to settle himself on Dean's level and begin again. Not on Sam's bed, of course; it rankled of demon blood. But he stiffly lowered himself down on an acceptable spot at the foot of Dean's bed, nestled among the twisted sheets and haphazardly tossed clothing.
Dean's friendship, his laughter, his smile, his trust. It had brought Castiel closer to happiness than he had ever known, a feeling some humans spent their whole lives chasing, and just one of many that the angels forbid. But it was not something he was prepared to lose.
Nothing had gone according to plan. Not interrogating Raphael. And certainly not Dean's attempts to get him laid.
For the second time that day, Castiel traded blows. And for the second time that day, he was losing. And to cap it all off, for the second time that day, he was saved by an abomination.
Uriel appeared, still angry at Heaven, and then he proceeded to dance around he evidence Castiel piled on top of him. "We're brothers, Uriel," Castiel said, fed up with his excuses. Uriel's general jovial attitude finally fell. "Pay me that respect. Tell me the truth."
"Same reason why I wear the amulet," Dean answered evasively, crossing his arms. Castiel leveled another glare at him until he threw up his hands in frustrated defeat. "Because I don't want him to worry, okay? Are you happy now? I had to spend what I thought was my last year watching my little brother tear himself apart over what was going to happen to me. I don't want to see him fall apart again over something he can't change. It's my job to protect him, damnit, not the other way around."
"Dean!" Castiel cut him off sharply. Dean's face fell abruptly, caught in the act. "You remember Hell."
"Because you do," Castiel replied simply. Dean said nothing, only motioned for him to elaborate. "I have seen your soul, Dean. I know everything about you."
. If you don't help me now, then when the time comes and you need me? Don't bother knocking." Dean shoved past him and started walking away, probably to do something else stupid.
"At the cost of our brothers and sisters." He turned to address the other eyes watching them. "At the cost of your lives? I made my choice; I am gone. I would not wish the same fate upon any of you."
"And what do you propose I do down here? I've already concealed the Winchesters," Castiel pointed out.
It suddenly occurred to Castiel that he hadn't told the Winchesters anything that had happened with Heaven post his escape from Naomi. "I freed Anna from Heaven's dungeon; granted, it was the least I could do, since I'm the one who put her there. She recruited other angels who thought as we do, that humanity deserves to be protected. They are waging an insurrection against Michael and Raphael's forces."
Dean's face hardened, and he stepped forward. Castiel found he had to look away from the intensity of his gaze, and for the first time, he understood the discomfort of having "personal space" invaded. "You have tested me and thrown me every which way, and I have
"You mean the fact that other angels have access to our conversations or that you slammed me up against a tree and threatened to kill me?"
Dean was still unsatisfied, forcing Castiel to go through the lengthy and frankly irritating process of explaining and defending his actions, about how he secretly recruited them to this job so that they could breach the wards that the angels could not. Dean didn't seem any happier by the end of it, but his shoulders had released some tension. He was no longer reacting defensively, at any rate.
Castiel nodded in affirmation. "It is also just as likely that they gleaned it from my own knowledge of you."
Dean cracked a half smile as he loaded the tape into the player. "I knew there was a reason I liked you."
"Would you two like to get a room?" Bobby sneered from his corner, glancing back and forth between the mere inches between Castiel and Dean. Granted, the man was having a very bad day, having lost the use of his legs and all, but that didn't stop Castiel from turning his glare on Bobby and very nearly losing his tenuous control over these horrible emotions he was never meant to feel.
"You are. Bobby told me where you were." Castiel then took in the room, empty save for the two of them. He glanced left and right, even stuck his head into the bathroom, but they were alone. "Where's Sam?"
Dean shook his head with a wet laugh. "No offense, Cas, but you're not exactly..." He gestured vaguely. "It's not the same. You're not Sam. Or Bobby. Or anyone." At Castiel's tilt of his head, he hurriedly backtracked. "I mean, you're someone, obviously. But you're...you're a little weird."
"Okay." There was the tiniest break in Dean's voice. "Goodnight, I guess. Just lie down and stare at the ceiling or whatever." Dean rolled over so that he was no longer looking at Castiel, and Castiel did what he was told, stretching out across the front seat and lacing his fingers together to rest comfortably over his chest.
He was saved by Sam Winchester, of all people, who also confirmed that Alastair had no idea who was killing the angels. Even with all of the lost seals, Castiel could not imagine a mission of his that had ever gone more awry. He was certainly going to hear about it later, probably from Zachariah, since Uriel was conspicuously absent.
"That's not what I mean," Castiel sighed, as much as he would like to return to their banter, to attempt to regain something of what he had before this mess. He'd already lost one friend, one brother, today. "Uriel is dead."
"If anything threatens a Prophet, anything at all, an archangel will appear to destroy that threat," Castiel explained. "Archangel's are fierce. They're absolute. They're Heaven's most terrifying weapon." He leveled his gaze at Dean, willing him to understand, and finally, he watched the gears turning behind his eyes until the words clicked in his mind.
Dean snorted something vaguely amused but unintelligible, and Castiel heard him shift again in the backseat before going completely silent. Castiel spent the rest of the night allowing the sound of the rain to drown out his heart hammering against his ribs.
"Wow." Dean paced the floor slowly, considering. Castiel's eyes followed him, transfixed. "Well, last night on earth. What, uh, what are your plans?" Dean looked at him expectantly, but Castiel wasn't quite sure what kind of answer he might be fishing for.
He looked at Dean's soul, as if to reassure himself that such a thing was not possible. It only made him feel worse.
He found one by the name of James Novak, Jimmy to those who knew him best. His was a warm, kind soul full of love for God and family, and who, despite a notable stubborn streak, could hear Castiel and obeyed out of deep faith. He didn't ask for proof of divinity, but Castiel provided it anyway, and from then on he stayed steadfast in his belief despite his family's growing concern. It baffled him, truly, how quick the others were to doubt his existence, to doubt the truth from Jimmy's lips. But humans were very fickle creatures overall, as his brothers so often liked to remind him. Perhaps it was simply because Jimmy was special, and Castiel told him as much.
It was not cowardice, he told himself later. Nor had that been anger burning in his chest, stirred by Dean's barbed words that hit a little too close to half-formed thoughts in the back of his mind. And he most definitely did not feel jealousy towards another angel that Dean suddenly held in higher regard than Castiel.
," Castiel clarified. "Angels are not permitted to feel, but such things can be fixed. Disobedience, however, must be punished."
"Sorry. Just thinking about the look on Raphael's face when you called him your little bitch," Dean answered, and Castiel could hear the smile in his voice. "Not gonna lie, that was pretty hot. Where was that attitude with, uh, what was her name...Chastity, huh?"
"Dean, don't." But don't what? Castiel wasn't even sure. What he did know is that after everything, he needed Dean. Not just for the Plan, but by his side. His friend. He needed to know that in the end, his choices would be worth it, worth all of the pain and suffering and death that this war wrought.
Dean opened his mouth, apparently to protest, only for the Impala to hit a particularly deep pool of water on the uneven road and be sent skidding for several seconds. Castiel realized he was shaking once Dean regained control of the vehicle and was seriously starting to reconsider his choice. "Shit!" Dean swore, thumping a hand on the steering wheel. "That's it!"
"Man, you okay?" Dean asked once they had made good headway, however slowly, through the storm. Castiel didn't answer, as he figured it was pretty obvious that out of all things, the one thing he was
"Yes," he answered simply, but the full answer was not so simple, and as much as Dean deserved it, he still couldn't be told the entire truth. "When we discovered Lilith's plan for you, we laid siege to Hell," Castiel lied. It had been much, much later when they had gone to retrieve him. Heaven had said it was fate, and they were not to intervene, but if Castiel had ventured out a little sooner, could he have stopped all of this? "And we fought our way to get to you before you-"
With an outraged cry, Naomi lunged for him, all pretense of order and calm shattering around them. They grappled for a long moment, Naomi's needle inching closer with every swipe, ready to unmake him. She was of a far superior rank to him and with that came unknowable strength, but she was not a soldier, had never fought on the front lines. In that, he had the advantage. One misstep was all it took, and he was able to turn the needle around on her, skewering it through her Grace.
"He told me," she answered. "When he was explaining about Uriel appearing to him in a dream. Did anyone tell you to do that?"
"I get that!" he interrupted impatiently. Castiel only paced his words slower, impressing as much meaning into them as he could.
Dean, who deserved better. Deserved to know what was coming. Deserved, for once, a choice in deciding his fate.
"Bang up job on that introduction, by the way," Dean needled. "Kid prays to you his entire life and all you say to him is 'hey, look, it's the freak with demon blood?'"
Castiel tilted his head, briefly skimming through the conversations currently happening among the angels, but nothing urgent came through. "I am not needed at this moment," he told Dean.
Castiel did his best to smooth down the lapels of his coat before approaching Dean. "What happened?"
Castiel had thought to circumvent this by instead visiting Dean in his dreams instead of waking him up, and while this was the least lethal option, Dean was no less indignant about it. Something again about personal space, even though slipping inside Dean's unconscious wasn't really a matter of physical closeness at all. He supposed it also had something to do with threatening him the first time he had appeared inside Dean's dreamscape. He'd been bluffing, of course, just trying to intimidate him into being a little less, well,
Him and Cas, still together. Alone. No godly son peeping on them from Heaven, no talking, no manly hugs. He’s clutching at Cas’ trench coat, and Cas has his hands fisted in Dean's wifebeater, and Cas’ lips are soft and wet and perfect.
“We have a more profound connection,” Dean quoted in a kind of nasal-y sing song. That voice used to drive Sam insane. It didn’t seem to be having the same effect on Cas.
It was one thing to hurt Sammy. Sam could handle anything Dean threw at him, whether it was a hammer or some sharp words. Sammy had grown up with Dad.
“You aren’t allowed to do that, Cas. You aren’t allowed to leave like that. Say all those things, and then just
So Dean slips out the door and closes it quietly, then slams every other open door he sees on the way to the kitchen. He pounds on the closed ones with his elbow, his fist, his foot. From somewhere in the vicinity of the dungeons, he can hear Miracle barking his head off.
“Dean,” Cas said, catching his shoulder as he passed. “Please, don’t talk about yourself like that. You are the most wonderful man in the world.”
“Ever tell you how I got my edge in the bedroom? It was a motel in Missoula. The guy in the bedroom next to me…man, I owe him so much, Cas. So much. We stayed there a month, and those walls were thin like paper. I mean, I could’ve caved one of ‘em in just by leaning on it. And that guy, he’d just say what was going on the whole time. I mean, it was like he was narrating his own life.
“It’s just…” man, Dean really hadn’t thought about what he was getting himself into. Cas tilted his head to the side, and Dean’s stomach went through that familiar sinking pulling routine. The one that felt like a big rusty nail being stuck right through his stomach.
“Of course it wasn’t just for Jack. I missed you too, man. You have no idea.” Cas smiles, just a brief lift of the corners of his lips. Maybe it isn’t the kind of tearful, chick-flick reunion Sam would’ve wanted, but it’s enough for Dean.
,” Dean growled. He grabbed Cas by his stupid tan jacket—the one he’d fished out of rivers and cried over whenever Cas died—and hauled him across those final few inches. Cas didn’t resist. He’d always done whatever Dean wanted, except go away.
Dean brings the mallet down with enough force to cut off a vamp’s head. But it isn’t loud enough to block out the other reunion that’s happening in his head.
Well, he didn't say those words exactly. The actual phrase was in Enochian. And he didn't so much say it as broadcast it over a celestial wavelength.
Dean wrinkled his nose as he rolled up his sleeves. Whatever had happened between him and Sam, the mere mention of it seemed to have put him in a foul mood. "With what? God hunt? Not interested," he sneered.
"Did he not tell you anything before he left?" Castiel asked, already knowing that whatever Sam Winchester said would have been a lie.
Lies, Castiel realized. But not for him, for Dean himself. To cover up how lonely he really felt, to hide how vulnerable he had been just a few days prior, to push someone away before they could hurt him again. Dean looked over at Cas and found that he hadn't flown off yet. "Cas? You're still here," he remarked.
"I only killed the ones who said 'no.' Others have joined me, Cas. Now please brother, don't fight me. Help me." Castiel leveled a glare at him. He'd lost the chance to call him brother when he had killed their family, leaving their bodies empty and bloody on the side of the road. "All you have to do is be unafraid."
Naomi made a strangled choking sound that thundered in Castiel's ears as it fully dawned on him what he had just done. Then, she exploded in a blinding burst of light that Castiel had to shield himself from, leaving nothing behind save the small scorch in the folds of time and space that marked the end of her existence.
But his overall fascination with God's lesser creatures was magnified tenfold when it came to Dean Winchester, and not simply because of the glorious destiny he had yet to fulfill. He was not vain enough to presume ownership over any soul, but it had been Castiel who had first spotted him in Hell, scarred and broken as he was. It was Castiel's mark he now bore and saw in his reflection. If not ownership, then it was perhaps responsibility he felt for the man. He wanted him to be safe.
Castiel took note of the glee curling the edges of her Grace into the closest thing resembling a smile in a non-physical setting. "I'm assuming you have one in mind?" he asked, somewhat warily.
He tried to smooth it over with softer assurances that still turned sour in his mouth. "You are worth more than what you've given up for Sam. We believe it's
A woman standing just in view piped up, Hannah, if he remembered correctly. "Is it true that God brought you back?"
For four months, forty years, the soul had been abandoned to rot here, and it had held on valiantly. But in the end, it had broken, as all souls do when subjected to unceasing and unspeakable torture, and that break had echoed throughout Hell until at last reaching Heaven's ears. This had been the Plan, of course, God's Plan, but Castiel still couldn't help but grimace at the twisted, blackened piece of the soul, a scar that even he couldn't heal with all of the powers of Heaven at his disposal. He had taken too long. No more.
Something was wrong, however, he realized almost immediately after suddenly reforming. Jimmy was gone, for one thing, even if he still inhabited his recreated body. That sort of thing happens when one is vaporized beyond even an angel's capability to heal. But beyond the absence of his vessel's soul, his mind was extraordinarily, stiflingly silent.
Dean chuckled, returning to smiling fondly as a memory surfaced. "You should have seen him that first year. He was such a little shit; it was honestly a miracle we didn't kill each other. He complained so much about wanting to find Dad and get back to Stanford and everything, which, in hindsight, was completely fair, but he would also be the one to run headfirst into whatever monster we were hunting. 'Let's get on the demon possessed plane' or 'I'm gonna summon Bloody Mary.' The kid was crazy. Once, he got so sick of it all that he just got out of the car in the middle of nowhere and started walking. He came back, thank God, but it was a wild few days."
"Yes." Castiel looked down, remembering all too well the agony of being torn apart molecule by molecule, in every possible dimensional plane until there was nothing. He didn't like thinking much about how he had died, or even the state in which he had returned. It raised so many questions, led to more doubt in his mind than he could ever recall processing. Trying to focus only on the fact that at least he was alive was really all he could do at the moment to keep himself sane.
Dean, not your brother. The only question for us is whether you're willing to accept it. Stand up, and accept your role," he prompted. "You are the one who will stop it."
Dean shrugged. "I dunno. I was kinda hoping that was just some perk of whatever bond you mentioned last time. So, any one of you winged jokers could come barging into my head whenever you feel like it. Gotta say, not a fan."
He started his flight immediately, only to remember about halfway there that he, once again, had no idea where Dean actually was. He swiftly redirected his course to South Dakota, where he found Bobby Singer buried in about three stacks of books on Apocalypse lore. He had barely landed before he found himself staring down the barrel of a gun. Bobby narrowed his glare when he realized who had spontaneously appeared in his living room, but he lowered the weapon all the same. "Would it kill you to knock?" he grumbled.
The two of them resurfaced a moment later, Dean treading water as Castiel floated sullenly in place. The water wasn't real, and neither was his appearance of being wet, but it was humiliating nonetheless. "Not so easy, is it?" Dean said after spitting out a mouthful of water.
Dean picked up his duffel and patted it down in the seat for a makeshift pillow. "I'm going to catch a few hours while we wait. You," he pointed warningly at Castiel, "are not going to watch me sleep."
Dean glared at him incredulously. "What happened?" he repeated, mockingly. "Someone told Sam that I remember Hell is what happened. Now the dude's constantly on my ass about sharing my feelings or whatever. Now, I've only told one other person the truth, so I wonder who it could have been." He directed the last part at Castiel with as much venom as he could muster.
Dean watched him, as if waiting to see what Castiel would try next. Defend himself, perhaps, as he was a millennia old creature who knew and understood far more than what a mere human could perceive, and Dean's insistence on proving his imperfection, as if somehow that would validate his twisted worldview, was becoming quite grating. There would be no point in it, though. The air in the room had soured, the atmosphere becoming awkward; even
"Well, it's about time!" Dean berated, his voice rasping painfully. "I've been screaming myself hoarse out here for about two and a half hours now."
Anna appeared to him then. He didn't try to subdue her. She was stronger than him, and he doubted it would end well for either party.
." Anna let the word hang in the air, frozen between them. "You wanted him to take the right path. You know what it is to think and to feel no matter how wrong Heaven says it is. You just need to let go."
When Castiel was resistant, she continued to hammer in her point, and her words felt like knives, like he was the one being chained to a rack, stripped and flayed to his core. "The Father you love, you think he wants this? You think he'd ask this of you? You think this is righteous? What you're
"I don't know," he repeated, as if he could somehow make it true. He looked at Dean pleadingly. "All I know is our fate rests with you."
"Hello, Castiel," a voice said behind him, and he whirled around, prepared to strike, only to find Anna smiling up at him.
At least this was an order Castiel had zero qualms with upholding. The protection of Prophets had been one of God's earliest commands, and the names were written inside the memory of every angel. For once, stopping Dean didn't result in questioning his loyalty. An easy job.
"What do you mean?" Dean had offered to talk about this any time back at the hospital. Apparently that time was now.
Dean was uncharacteristically silent, not once breaking eye contact with Castiel. Not for the first time, he couldn't help but wonder if Dean somehow saw inside him as well, if he could see the pain and the doubt he had to keep hidden away, even from his own brothers. Castiel found himself looking away, but Dean only shifted position so that he once again filled his vision. He felt too seen, too vulnerable, and every instinct screamed at him to fly away but he couldn't, not while pinned under Dean's stare.
be killed." Dean smiled, somewhat unconvincingly. He knew this plan was a longshot, at best. "Please, Cas. We need you."
Castiel rolled his eyes, but Dean's smile was infectious. "You know, you could always just pray if you really needed assistance," he told him.
The next order of business was a body. Preferably, he would have dropped the soul into its original receptacle, dusting his hands off after a job well done, so to speak. But hunters, of which Dean Winchester had been one, had this habit of salting and burning their bodies after death. Practical in their line of work, but it served as a mild irritant in Castiel's situation.
"Then just give it to me straight, man. As my friend, tell me. What exactly do you guys want from me?" Castiel gritted his teeth and had to look away from Dean's eyes, the eyes that he had colored, eyes in which, if he looked close enough, he could see his own reflection staring back at him, judging him. He did not like to lie, nor did he want to leave Dean disappointed in him again. He'd rather hear him laughing at Castiel's humiliation again than return to whatever tense standoff was between them now.
"Then do whatever it is you angels do to make yourselves at home," Dean said with an exasperated sigh. Beneath the frustration, Castiel could at least tell that this was Dean reaching out for some sort of companionship. In his own way. He was a lonely person by nature, from what he had seen of his soul, and it was touching that Dean held him in enough regard to not continuously push him away, though he would prefer it if he might stop the occasional panicked stabbing and shooting. Keeping his body and clothes mended was becoming a bit of a nuisance.
Neither of them spoke for a long, tense moment. Dean deciding whether or not he should elaborate while Castiel tried to give him the space to do so. Finally, he continued, "My father was a screwed up, obsessive son of a bitch. But he was some of the only family I had, especially once Sam had ditched us. Some days, I can't decide whether or not I should hate him. I remember sometimes that he had suffered the unimaginable and was doing the best he could. Then I remember all the crap he put Sammy and I through, crap we didn't deserve." He paused. "That
When he returned, Dean was sleeping. No nightmares this time, a blessing with what was to come. Castiel silently thanked his Father for small miracles before he moved on to create his own.
"So, what? We're just supposed to sit around and wait for it to happen?" Dean asked helplessly, searching Castiel's eyes.
Naomi was shaking, the walls of her office distorting in her rage. "Sit down, Castiel. I will not ask a second time."
going to hear about everything, do you hear me?" Dean marched forward right to Castiel's face, so that his anger consumed his vision. "So whatever you think you saw back there, you better forget it. Because if I find out you told him, I'm going to learn how to kill you sons of bitches real fast."
"Well, yeah. Obviously." He rolled his eyes, but Castiel could see his face going pink at the admission. Dean wasn't one to gush.
Castiel tried to turn around, but Dean grabbed him roughly by the shoulder and spun him back to face him. He shouldn't have allowed it, should have let Dean injure himself again, so why didn't he? "Look at me!" he demanded. "You know it!"
Castiel did not want to be like his brothers. Dean was not very fond of them, but he at least tolerated Castiel, and he would like to keep it that way, even if it seemed like an impossible task, at times.
Castiel was called away from circling Jimmy suddenly and without warning by a woman's voice. She placed a tether on him, feather light but firm, through the mark of Grace he had left on Dean and tugged on it incessantly, and annoying little buzzing in his ear asking for his name. He answered, hoping that it might be enough to satisfy her and shake her loose. It, unfortunately, was not.
