"What made you interested in that?" Mary asked.
"Dean, honey, please. I promise, this time he won't stay over. He'll come for dinner and leave. He wants to see you. He doesn't even know what you've been doing with your life. He didn't even know if you had graduated or not." Mary said.
"I just woke up before you, Cas. Chill. Also, I made you some breakfast. It wasn't much, since all you have in your fridge is fruit, yogurt, and granola. Despite the challenges that presented, I whipped something up for you." Dean motioned to the fridge, his eyes not leaving his laptop screen. He really needed to start making time for his beloved 49ers again.
"Don't get too excited about him, Cas. Like I said, he's fruit loops. Plus he likes girls." Dean said, jabbing him in the ribs. "Oh man, Sammy might be well rounded, but he failed with chicks. Don't get me wrong, a lot of girls wanted to date him, 'cuz like you said, he's 'well rounded,' but he didn't know how their minds worked and couldn't talk to them without stuttering like a damn fool."
Mary wiped her eyes. "Sam's right, your lives are there. Just don't wait two years for your next visit, okay? Both of you."
Did he just tell me that he is in love with me?
"No, this guy, I seriously cannot tell if he is being sarcastic, or if he's being serious and he's just that stupid. A little background, right? I'm teaching a section right now about the view of women in western culture throughout history. In this question I asked about the difference between the French and American views of femininity. Want to know what this guy said?"
Dean doesn't know what to say that. One of his friends at home in Kansas was adopted, but she was adopted when she was a baby and actually met her biological mother when she was 16. He has never met anyone who grew up in the system. And he thought
"I am. I love your family. They've made me feel very welcome."
"Cas, man, it's okay. They don't hurt. It's fine. Don't worry about it." Dean said, trying to calm him down. "Look man, it's fine. See, I'm okay? Cool it, Cas."
"We can stay for a few days longer if you'd like Dean to be around during the beginning of this process." Castiel said, volunteering them for something Dean wasn't sure he wanted to do.
These people? They went on with their lives, drinking at shitholes like this, fucking each other, killing each other, just completely unaware of what was going on just beneath their noses. These people were completely unworthy of the sacrifices that Dean and his family had made for them. Dean watched a tattooed man slap an obese woman on the ass and laugh about it and he knew they were worthless.
After about 15 minutes, Castiel had calmed down enough to talk.
"So, what now?" Dean asked.
Sam rolled his eyes and made a face. "You guys are like stuck in that 'new couple phrase' aren't you? I swear, I thought I'd be getting away from that coming here. First, mom and Victor, now you and Cas. I thought you'd be done with constant PDA by now."
"Thank you for being worried." Dean said. His voice was soft. On some strange level, the fact that Castiel was worried about his family made his heart hurt in both good and bad ways. It meant so much, even though he didn't want to burden someone like Castiel, who already had so much of his own baggage.
"Why are you being so mean?" He whispered.
Jo let out a low whistle. "So, Dean-o, you are falling in love? Is that what this is?"
"With the tablet, he could. With a prophet under his thumb, he could. He is an obstacle and you must destroy him." She says firmly.
Cas closed his eyes and muttered a few key phrases of Latin and suddenly Crowley was gone. He opened his eyes, which looked grave and defeated. Dean was no longer full of righteous anger or even the urge to kill Crowley. He just felt numb, empty. Two days to decide whether or not he'd choose Cas, who was the love of his life, or his brothers, his family and bloodline, who were burning in the Pit.
Cas seemed to know it too, because after he told the story about his sister, he was quiet for a long time, and started slugging back the wine at record pace. Dean watched as a drug dealer was shot multiple times in the chest and still managed to move, thinking about all of the times he and Sam had been shot. He remembered shooting Cas the first time he met him, when had seemed so distant and so powerful. Dean couldn't believe that the confused and wistful man next to him was the same person who had appeared to him that day in the barn, telling Dean he'd brought him back from Hell and flashing his wings like Dean was supposed to be impressed. He couldn't believe Cas was human and that he was sitting next to him watching Scarface while chugging $7 red wine.
"No."
"Goddamn." Jo swore. "I thought he was weird, but shit, that explains everything."
Dean just sat there, staring at the wall behind him. "Fucking Sam." He muttered. "Fucking crazy Sam."
"Are you actually going to spend the night?" Castiel asked, sounding a little shocked.
Dean hung up the phone and started walking. It occurred to him that he hadn't left the hotel in days. He hadn't really eaten, slept, had (admittedly) not showered too many times, and he probably reeked of whiskey and Axe body spray. He felt a sudden urge to need to get away as possible from the cramped, depressing place that had been his home for the last week . He decided to find a bar, since his bottle had broken when Cas had nearly choked him to death.
"Well, yeah." He admitted, shrugging a little bit. "I mean, I assume after what happened the other night, that this wouldn't be a problem for you? I kind of assumed you did too?"
"He will, Dean. I know it. I can tell. I told him about the hospitalizations, the medications, the therapy. It actually felt good to talk to someone who gets it. The ironic part is that although I am technically more 'stable' than Sam, he is actually far more accepting of his illness than I am of my own problems. It gave me a lot to think about, I guess."
Cas smiled at him. "I know. Human life is never easy, it is never perfect, and it is not paradise. The gifts we have been given after everything that happened are great. It's rough, but I would say that this is exactly how things should be going for us."
Dean stood up and took the bowl of yogurt from him and set it on the table. He gave Castiel a little hug.
"I apologize. If it makes you feel any better, I had to load you into the car in order to get you back to the house." Cas said weakly.
"I'm not going anywhere. I promise you. Why do you think I'm going to leave you once we have sex? Why do you think that's all you mean to me? Cas, that's not the case at all, baby, come on. Don't be ridiculous. What happened to you?" Dean said desperately.
recover? It's the AIDS of mental illness. You're basically fucked if you receive that diagnosis." Cas hissed, his voice low and mean. "It's a death sentence." He smiled at Dean and his smile was cold, almost evil.
Dean crawled from underneath the table and stood up. A reedy blonde man wearing a suit and a smirk on his face was standing in their kitchen. Dean immediately knew what he was, but he didn't know who he was.
"Where's mom?" He asked, looking around.
Naomi approaches the copy. It is lying on the ground, clutching its arm, which appears to be broken. Naomi looks up and smiles coldly at Castiel, looking him directly in the eye. He involuntarily shudders because her gaze is filled with so much hatred for him. Naomi moves her hand and flays the copy.
"I can't stand not knowing why this is happening to me." Cas murmured, "Dean, I need answers. I have to get answers."
"You don't need to pretend to be anyone but Cas in a French maid uniform or something. You are perfect just the way you are."
"We need time." Cas said, taking charge of the situation. "Is that fair to you? Can you give us a day or two to decide? To say goodbye, if need be?"
"He's below me."
"I need to work, Dean." Castiel said roughly. "These need to be done in the next two days."
"Don't call him, fucker, Ash. That's rude." Ellen said, as if referring to Cas as 'jailbait' was tactful.
Words from the night before spilled into his head.
"You will help us?" Dean whispered.
"How was it?" he asked. "You still feel hollow?"
He rushed the ex-angel and literally picked him up off the ground. Cas gasped and the ways his eyes widened as Sam lifted him up nearly made Dean die for the hundredth time because it was so damn funny.
Cas shuddered underneath his embrace. "All I was, I am no more." He whispered. "Dean… I don't know what I am."
"Well, yeah. I shouldn't use that word. I shouldn't think of you guys like that. But my point is, Cas is doing his own thing now. He's working, he has good friends, he goes out and does fun things… he has me… and it just took some time. It still takes time." Dean said.
"Then I'm glad you told him. I'm glad he's here." Sam sighed. "If he's the reason for you sitting here with me, if he's the reason you're happy, feeling less burdened, then he's okay in my book and I guess I don't mind him knowing all of our dirty secrets."
"Then come home once in awhile, you jerk." Sam said, sending him a smile to show that they were okay.
Cas growled,
"I'm Dean Winchester and I'll do anything to stop you." The copy snarls. He leaps at Castiel with surprising speed, speed that reminds him of how quick Dean was in Purgatory, and slices the edge of Castiel's arm with the blade.
Dean pulled off his shirt and Castiel sucked and bit at his neck, while grinding his narrow hips into Dean's, and he was lost to the feeling. He didn't even care that his brother was in the room next door. Somehow he knew Sam would put up with it.
Dean ambled down the stairs, feeling particularly hungover. He hadn't been drinking heavily since they moved into Bobby's house and suddenly he missed his formerly high tolerance. He wandered into the kitchen and made coffee. As he sat down at that damn dining room table to drink it, Cas wandered into the kitchen. He looked similarly awful and he was still wearing the clothes he'd been wearing the day before. He gave Dean a dark look and went over and poured himself a cup of coffee, then sat next to Dean.
"Who the hell are you?" He snapped.
"What's wrong, Cas?" Dean asked, pulling away slowly, even though he no desire to do so.
"I'm going to leave him this time. I have the papers. I don't why I love him so damn much, but this time, I'll leave him." She whispered, her voice breaking a little.
The four of them sat around the living room for awhile, sharing stories about Oregon and Sam and Dean's childhood. Dean was embarrassed by a few of them, but he truly felt more at home than he ever thought possible. Mary went to bed around 8:30, obviously happy to not have to work a night shift. Around 10:00, Castiel mentioned that he was going to go upstairs and call someone, and Dean took that to mean his foster parents, the ones that were in Michigan and had helped Castiel so much after his horrific experience in his childhood. For the first time in as long as Dean could remember, he and Sam were alone.
After awhile, Cas broke the silence. "So, Bondurant, Iowa." He said slowly.
"How do you know that?"
He was repeating variations on these six words to himself, like a mantra. Although neither he nor his mother could be sure what Sam was seeing, they didn't think he was seeing Ruby. Ruby meant that he was lost, possibly for weeks. Ruby was his strongest, most dangerous delusion. When he saw her, Sam retreated so far into his own mind that sometimes it'd take tranquilizing levels of antipsychotics to coax him out of his hallucinations and back to reality. When he saw her, he became violent. Dean was grateful he hadn't gotten violent the night before. It was a small favor, but violence meant police, courts and state-mandated psychiatric treatment.
Castiel had been stuck, covering his eyes, hiding because he was convinced the world was out to get him, convinced he was too broken to be loved by anyone. Dean had shown him that it wasn't and that he could be loved. Dean had shown him that he could be loved
"Shit dude, I feel bad for anyone who grew up without a home. But look at you now. You're a smart guy with a real job and some kick ass taste in music and movies. Not to mention the whole artistic genius thing. And duh, of course I like you. I wouldn't be sitting here with you if I didn't, believe me." Dean said finally.
"I have a better idea. Why don't
"Tutus were actually featured in New York Fashion Week this fall. They're all the rage, the frillier, the better. Jo actually is very chic right now." Castiel said, ignoring Dean in a very Jo-like manner.
"Mom? What is it?" He asked.
It was a Tuesday and Dean and Castiel had just finished yet another social theory tutoring session. Dean was already so bored with the material that he felt like crying every time he opened his textbook, but at least it made some sort of sense now.
"He talks slower though. You could see him drifting just a little bit. Most people wouldn't notice these things, but I did. I don't know, Cas. It's fucking heartbreaking."
"See? He'll be fine. He always is. You know that these things happen." Jo murmured, rubbing his shoulder.
Dean listened to his phone vibrate every 15 minutes and didn't respond because everything was an excuse. He was still livid and also not-so-secretly heartbroken. Dean didn't want to hear Castiel's mewling, crying voice because he wasn't ready to forgive him and he knew that voice would make him do so.
Jo winked at Dean again and he had to restrain from pouring his drink on her head.
Dean became serious for a minute. "That's what I want to do when I'm out of here. Grad school, maybe med school. Then I want to go into research. I can't wait until I'm working in the lab all night long, analyzing samples, splicing genomes, or whatever they need me to do when I finally get there."
Dean sat there for a long time with Jo. He didn't say much. He couldn't. Jo comforted him with her silence. Eventually he fell asleep on her shoulder because he was both mentally and physically exhausted. She tucked him in as if he were her child instead of her best friend.
"Come with me or don't, I'm going to Trickster's." He said, standing up, at the door in five seconds. He grabbed his jacket, the leather jacket that had belonged to his father, one of the only mementos of his that he kept around besides the Impala.
"He was one of my closest confidantes in Heaven." Cas said, nodding. "He always was a little more mischievous than your average angel and like Gabriel, he always thought more for himself. I'm not surprised he's risen in the ranks."
Dean thought.
"Hi, Cas!" Sam said, waving at him. He put a lot of extra effort into it and Dean knew he was doing it on purpose.
Castiel tensed up beside him and then rolled over, so he was facing Dean.
"Shit. I forgot a card. I guess I can go back into town." Dean said. "Ugh, I'm a moron."
Cas pulled him into a hug, a bear hug to be exact. He kissed him again, still laughing, his usually stormy blue eyes light and happy for the first time pretty much ever.
Dean pulled away and sat up. Castiel groaned and flopped backward into the sheets.
"The plane was early. I didn't want to wait, so I called a cab. Figured I'd save you the trouble." Sam says, shrugging. "Although now I wish I had waited."
"Good. I'm glad. I'm glad I was wrong." He said.
are you?"
"I took the GRE a few weeks ago. I had the scores sent to a few schools, but I haven't started applying yet." Dean said carefully, glancing at Castiel. Dean leaving for graduate school was a touchy subject between the two of them.
One margarita and two bowls of tortilla chips into night, Dean was visibly sweating. Castiel's hand had continued to paw at him under the table, at his thighs, one or two discreet swipes at his crotch, and at one point Cas had actually attempted to play footsie with him. He kept pushing his hand away, but the other man was persistent. Dean had no idea Castiel could ever be this brazen, but he guessed that Cas was just really comfortable with Jo and Charlie.
"You told him about the abuse? Does he know everything about me too?" Sam asked, his eyes darkening.
"Gabe, go easy on Cas." Charlie said. "He's shy and he's not used to large groups of people or assholes like you."
"I flew you out of there as quickly as I could. I don't know if you realize this, but Hell is amorphous. It changes constantly. The way in was not the same way out. It took me nearly another 5 years to simply find my way back out." He said.
That hurt him more than he'd ever admit.
The truth was that he trusted demons more.
Cas actually chuckled again and leaned over and gave him a kiss.
"Aw, why not? Afraid I'll be pissed?" Dean said, trying to be good-natured, even though he was a little offended.
""Yes. I actually quite liked everyone I met, with the exception of Meg, who kept whispering in my ear. Raphael is actually joining the Arts and Sciences department next semester as a graduate assistant, so I am not alone in my profession here."
A week passed and Dean was still failing social theory, so he opted to set up a tutoring session with the strange sociology professor who had literally came crashing into his life.
"I'm talking about coffee." Dean said, raising an eyebrow.
"Right now, I'd say you're the sanest person in the Winchester family." Dean muttered. He no longer wanted to kill his father, but the rage that had overtaken him still quivered beneath the surface and he had to admit, it made him nervous.
"I'm sorry." Castiel said for the third time. He lowered his head and stared at the ground.
"I love making breakfast for you, Cas. You don't need to be so surprised. These are the little things people do for each other, you know?" He murmured, rocking him a little bit.
Dean chuckled at the visual and at Castiel's lame attempt at flirting. "We could try that. Since you're edible and all." He kissed him again to prove his point.
"No. No. Absolutely not." Dean said, frantically shaking his head.
"Did you sleep at all?" He responded.
"I hate Ewoks." Castiel said, wrinkling his nose.
"Little Joey Potter." Dean drawled, grinning at Jo. Growing up Jo had always gotten exceedingly angry about her television namesake.
Dean talked to Sam for three hours. Sam was so doped up on Haldol that he kept drifting away and forgetting what they had been discussing. Despite that, his voice was steady, he remembered Dean, and even brought up how his birthday was in three weeks. Sam told him about how he was taking a class at the local community college, a creative writing class. His doctor thought it'd be good for him to write during his lucid periods. He asked Dean about school, about Jo and Charlie. Finally, Sam told Dean, so hopefully, about how he had been on the same four medications for three months now.
Gabriel sat back down. "Moving on from that idiot, then. As I said before, we owe you. Not everyone thinks Sam should come back, true, but I am a big believer in second chances. I mean, I have to be right? Hell, I disguised myself as a Pagan God for 1,000 years before going home for mine, right?" He said.
"Cas, do you want me to open that?" Dean asked. "It needs a corkscrew."
"What did I do?" Castiel said, his voice almost a whimper.
"I have no idea. I guess… I could hunt. I kind of want to hunt. I kind of want to go back to school. I kind of want to just stay here and have Cas make me dinner and be weirded out by your relationship. Honestly, I don't know." Sam said.
"You're coming with me. You want to try to hit me? Go ahead. It's not like I haven't had worse. Believe me, I have had much bigger, scarier guys than you threaten me before."
"What are we going to do, Dean?" Sam asked.
It was mid-November and Dean hardly ever spent the night at his apartment anymore. Castiel's apartment was nicer, had a better sound system, a bigger bed, and was closer to campus. Jo complained that she hardly ever saw him anymore and started coming over to Castiel's place without asking, just like she always had with Dean. He warned Castiel that she might make herself a key soon and one day he'd come out of the shower naked, and she'd be standing in his kitchen, drinking a beer and making herself dinner. It had happened to Dean on more than one occasion.
"I've never been here." Castiel said.
Dean came out of his 'fantasy' with a start. His eyes focused and he saw a familiar face was staring down at him. He saw ruddy, stubbly cheeks, clear, sapphire-blue eyes, and a full mouth contorted in a grimace.
Dean winced. Sam's gargantuan height had always been a good natured joke among him and other hunters. Cas noticed and sat back down.
"Castiel and I might be crazy, but you're the weird one, Dean. You have a martyr complex, yet you also tend to flee. That's has to eat you up inside."
Dean chuckled. "No, Cas. I'm not going home. Home is 2000 miles away and I haven't been there in two years. I'd never make it in time for Sam's birthday. I just thought I could get him a present this year, you know? I know it's shitty that I waited until his birthday to do this, but I don't know… I talked to my mom yesterday and she made me think that I should at least send him something little."
"Dean, I could say the same thing about you drinking and getting pissed off. We are both dealing in our own ways, okay? You don't have to take care of me all of the time." He said, his eyes getting darker. "Right here, this is the package. This is me. When I get nervous, I get tense and my fucking eyes move around a lot. I can't help it. I draw because it makes me feel better. It doesn't mean I'm not okay."
He pressed send. There were a few rings, and then a tired sounding voice answered the phone.
The next day, Dean took his mother to the police station to get a temporary restraining order, which he hoped would turn into a permanent restraining order. He never thought he'd be so ecstatic to be doing something like this, but as he'd thought a million times since he'd arrived in Lawrence four days ago, the Winchesters weren't a normal family. This made him consider his last name for a minute and wondered if Mary would change her last name once the divorce went through. It seemed strange for him to think of himself, Sammy and his mom as "the Winchesters" when the man who bared their namesake hadn't really been part of the family in years.
"Because they suck."
Castiel followed him into the kitchen.
Dean shook his head. "It's cool. Sorry for getting bitchy there for a second."
"What do you mean?" Dean asked. Cas didn't talk about the clinical aspect or the cause of his issues that much, even though recently he'd been more open about them recently than he had in the beginning of their relationship. Castiel's issues mostly came out in spurts, when aspects of daily life made him uncomfortable or miserable enough that he'd discuss them with Dean.
"I am not ready to get out of bed, dear Jo." He said, voice muffled by his pillow. "The man I thought I was falling in love with abused you."
Castiel came back a minute later with a cup of ice water. "Drink this." He said.
"You will pull Sam out." A gravelly voice said. Cas was back. "Sam is the reason that Gabriel came back. Sam is the reason you are sitting here, free to go visit that model in Brazil whenever you please."
"Yeah." He admitted. "Almost." He added.
The little things, the little memories that a simple dining room table evoked, made Dean feel sick with the thought of potentially losing Cas over this, or over anything. The table reminded him of how Cas was always so proud whenever he cooked something edible and how he presented even the simplest dish with grandiosity. He thought about the way his eyes rolled back whenever Dean hit that spot and how ridiculously happy he looked every time Dean walked through the door. He thought about Cas's perpetually chapped lips and five o' clock shadow, and the way he had trusted Dean more than he had trusted anyone during his millennia of existence. Dean thought about how much he loved him, how he loved him more than he thought he could possibly love anyone.
Lying on the floor, still choking for air, Dean thought about his guardian angel. As the days passed, Castiel was looking and acting more human. His eyes were red, ringed with black circles. He looked gaunt, as if not eating for 3000 years, save for 100 cheeseburgers here and there, was finally beginning to affect him. As far as Dean knew, angels didn't get black circles, nor did their vessels lose weight. Sure, humans couldn't easily heft a guy his size out of a chair, nor could they heal his wounds, but Cas almost seemed more human than angel these days. Maybe that's why his desperation and anger were so palpable. Most people would be grateful to be brought back from the dead, but Cas wasn't most people. He needed a purpose. He needed answers. Without them, he was dangerous.
Dean stared at her, the rage dissipating completely when she looked up at him. The swollen purple bruise around her eye should have made him angrier, but suddenly he felt so bad for her, that he knew that if he ran off to confront his father, that she'd fall to pieces and leave Sam with no one and Dean couldn't let that happen.
"Oh Dean, I'm sorry to wake you in the middle of the night, but it's your brother." She said, her voice breaking.
"Do you mean emotionally or physically?" Dean asked, being semi-serious.
"Mount Rainier is cool." Dean said. "Have you ever been?"
"Sammy, don't say that. You have no fucking idea how good it is to see you again. You and mom." Dean said.
When he said that, Castiel looked like he'd just been slapped. "Is that really what you think of me?"
make love, or whatever phrase you used to describe the best and most fulfilling sex of your life. Castiel was loud, screaming the words "fuck" and "please" over and over again and Dean was pleased to discover that Castiel was quite adept with his mouth and plenty flexible, just as he had imagined during his masturbatory alone time. They crashed and moved against each other like waves, and when it was over, Castiel was still intact.
Reality set back in at the sound of Sam's voice.
"They send me cards and money on birthdays and Christmas. If I'm in Boston, we'll get dinner, but otherwise, I don't see them." Castiel said, shaking his head. He poured himself another beer.
"You're always comparing Jo and Charlie to men, even though they are both 'lipstick lesbians' as they say and last night you compared me to a woman because I occasionally show emotion. You also seem to constantly fear being seen as a woman just because you're in a relationship with another man, which is actually quite ironic, if you think about it." Castiel said nonchalantly.
"No, Cas, they're not being serious. They always get drunk and flirt. I just think it's amped up a little bit because Charlie was just flashing her inner thigh and effectively, her lacy black underwear." Dean said, shaking her head.
"Dean, Mary." He said warmly.
"Jesus. Has he called you?"
"One. Just one. My grandma gave it to me a few weeks before she died. She knew she was dying and I guess wanted me to have it. My mother was maybe 14 when the picture was taken. She... well, she looks like me."
"Cas, do you believe in God?" He asked.
"Cas, if you say 'I never' again, I am going to force you to cross-dress tonight." Dean said, reaching over and tousling his hair.
Mary winced. "He just wants to come over for dinner tonight. I didn't say yes. I swear. Not yet."
"Sam, well, Sam is fucking crazy, Cas." Dean said gravely, shaking his head. "Dude thinks that demons talk to him."
Dean's eyes widened. Cas? He wanted Cas?
"More than I'll ever be. Go easy." He warned. He pulled up his sleeve and held his forearm out to Cas.
"It wasn't cross-dressing that bothered me. It was your whole French maid idea." Castiel said, as if there were a huge difference between a French maid and Frank-N-Furter.
"Charlie is not an outsider. Girl has more friends than anyone I know. She's in a freakin' band that once opened for Tom Petty, dude." Dean said.
"Of course." Castiel said automatically.
Castiel made a face. "You're ridiculous." He said, smiling a little bit. "Your preconceived notions about men and women have always amused me, especially considering the company you keep."
He hurled a lamp at the wall, where it shattered less than a foot from where Castiel was standing.
"What do you want, Gabriel?" Castiel muttered. "We're trying to enjoy our last two days together. Please give us that."
"I don't know, Dean. I don't know anymore. I don't know why this is happening to me. I don't know why you are alone in this world. I thought I could figure it out, but the second I fell asleep last night, I gave up any notions of knowing." He said.
"And you have a great ass." Cas added. "Rock hard. You could chip a tooth on it."
"I didn't want to admit it. I didn't want to admit that this body is all I have now. I didn't want to admit that I sent Jimmy into Heaven not knowing what was up there anymore. Despite what I have put his body through, I always loved his soul. He was a great man and I got him killed." Cas said brokenly, staring at the sky, as if he thought God still might be up there.
"No, Dean. I suspected that if we went the way of demons, that this would be the only way. That is why Balthazar told us about Crowley. You think I want to go to Hell? You think I want to leave you? No! But this is the only way!" He howled, falling to his knees.
A minute later, Dean heard some rustling, and Sam's face appeared on the screen. Dean almost passed out when he saw him. Sure, he had pictures from the last two years, but it didn't compare to seeing Sam's face live and in motion. Seeing his face, Dean immediately got the urge to buy a plane ticket and fly home to Kansas, just so he could see that face in person. Just like his mom, Sam looked the same, but the subtle differences stood out. His hair was long, too long in Dean's opinion, and he had gained a noticeable amount of weight. His face bore stubble and the tired eyes of someone who had seen too much during a short life.
Castiel let out an anguished cry. Dean looked down at his feet, feeling like a knife was being twisted into his gut. He hated himself for it, but he was actually glad Cas couldn't be restored to his angelic self, because if he was, Dean knew he would lose him. He could tell Balthazar could tell that Dean was thinking this, because he gave him a very dark look. At the same time, he also felt horrible that Cas wouldn't be able to return to Heaven until he died, because as Cas had said, it was his home. Dean felt the strangest mixture of relief, guilt, happiness, and anger. It was making him feel sick.
"Cas, you've got family." Dean said, reaching over and patting him on the shoulder. "I'm your family, Jo and Charlie are like your family and maybe mom and Sam will be too."
"I guess this was just a preview for later then?" Castiel replied, his voice slightly choked and breathy.
, and one of the most powerful creatures that Dean had ever met in his 25 years of hunting. Angels were the soldiers of God, and capable of more power than anything else in the known UNIVERSE, yet here he was with one who appeared to have the power equivalent to a magician at a child's birthday party.
"Of course not, but I go home more than once every two years. I also talk to him at least once or twice a week. And Ash isn't schizophrenic, Dean. He isn't going to…" Jo cried.
Charlie looked concerned, but confused. Dean thanked her silently when she didn't say anything.
"You don't need to do this." Sam said. "You can't do this. Not again."
"So that was what the poets write about?" Cas joked. His demeanor was totally different than it had been a couple of hours ago. He was relaxed, grinning, and at ease in his post-coital bliss.
"Unless you have the cure for crazy, then there is nothing for you to do besides watch me drink and make sure I make it home without dying." Dean said callously.
"It's better. I promise, it's better." Sam said, staring at his feet.
Michael Myers slit the woman's throat and she died horribly. Or at least that is what they wanted you to think.
"Dean!" Sam cried. "Oh man, it is good to see you. What's up, man?"
"It's been a year." Dean muttered.
"I don't know, Dean, I'm sorry. If I was myself… I could tell you. I could tell you why any of this is happening. We will find out, I promise. I will get you answers. We will find Bobby. We will bring him back. And we will get Sam out of the hole."
"I was bored." She intoned.
"I'm sorry." Castiel whimpered. "I'm so, so sorry. I didn't mean anything I said last night. Please don't hate me, Dean. I'm so sorry."
"You—are fucking—like—the cutest thing ever. Okay. Don't get me wrong. I-love—love you, Cas. I love you, man. But Jesus Christ, you cry
Dean stood up and used the corkscrew keychain to open the red wine. Dean found it amusing that Cas only liked red wine, but not white and that he was mystified by a corkscrew. Dean handed Cas the bottle, which he would have to drink straight from, Dean-style, because they had no cups except a slightly moldy travel mug of Sam's that was in the Impala. Dean planned on never washing it, never tossing it, because Sammy had chugged coffee from it during his last day on earth.
Castiel hangs his head. With or without Naomi's control, he'd know it's blasphemy. You can love humans as artwork or as pets, but not as equals. Sexual intercourse? Well, there's a reason Balthazar and Gabriel left when they had the chance. There was a reason that the Archangels had eliminated all products of human and angel conception. Intercourse with humans and romantic love for humans are considered the greatest sins of all for angels. He doesn't feel wrong though. It's never felt wrong to love him. Castiel realizes in that moment that Naomi is right and it's just something he's never said out loud.
"What about Adam?" Cas asked, making sure to get all of the information out of Balthazar he could this time.
Naomi jumps straight to the point.
"I'm a professor here. I like to go through my notes before my first class... drink my coffee... take some time to myself... the quad is actually peaceful in the morning." He said, relaxing a little bit.
"Dean!" He screamed, like a big girl. "Holy shit! Dean!"
Dean and Castiel were parked across the street from Mary Winchester's house. Dean wasn't ready to go in there.
"I'm sorry you never had a family or a normal childhood. I wish I could take all those awful memories away and replace them with ones like I have." Dean said, slipping an arm around his shoulder.
thigh.
Death.
The two of them stood there for a minute. "Thanks for coming home." Sam said finally. "It means a lot. To me and to mom."
Castiel actually jumped, so absorbed in his work that he was surprised by Dean's voice. He cleared his throat and looked down at it.
"Why two months? I mean, it's Sam. Your baby brother. You dropped everything to take care of him and now you're not even calling him?"
"Then you looked at me, and I saw into your soul, and I knew no matter what you had done, you could be redeemed. I came for you and you attempted to attack me. You were so conditioned to fight, to kill, that it was no wonder. You truly didn't believe I was there to save you. Of course, I overpowered you, but you put up a fight!" He said, almost laughing.
"So you're drunk?" Dean asked, smirking a little bit.
"Just this awful class I keep missing. Can't say I'm too broken up about missing it, but hell, I need it to graduate." He muttered thinking to himself that his fifth year of college isn't going as smoothly as it should be.
"You don't mean that. You will recover. As will I." Cas said resolutely.
Dean hadn't been to a house party in months. He was 26, much older than many other college students, and he felt ridiculous cheering as people almost 10 years younger than him did keg stands. Castiel hadn't been to a house party since he had started working at the college, which was probably smart. Dean was actually surprised he had agreed to come tonight, since wasn't the party-going type and also because he risked professional suicide showing up dressed in drag at a house party. The house they were going to was usually frequented by townies and grad students, since that was Charlie's crowd outside of Jo and Dean, but there was still a chance one of his students would be there.
He skimmed his hands up the side of his body, fingers ghosting his ribs and his chest. Castiel's body twitched involuntarily as Dean kissed the pliant skin beneath his navel.
"Dean-o, I've always liked you. You're blunt, honest, and you'll do anything to save your brother's skin. It's almost admirable, really, how you're willing to kill yourself for the people you love." Crowley said, smirking.
"I don't want to be a doctor, at least not in the traditional sense. Doctors save people, but they don't find cures, they aren't at the forefront. That's where I need to be. I need to be at the front lines. I need to help people. There is so much we can do. So much I have to do." Dean said. He felt his voice rising and he knew he was getting carried away, so he shut up.
"I need whiskey. Now. Let's go to Trickster's. I don't have a lot of money and they have $1 shots." Dean said, standing up.
"I don't know how you deal with all this. Your mom just disappearing and not coming back and possibly running off to your abusive father. Your brother seeing… what did he call it, an imaginary friend… and being so flip about it. It's making my stomach hurt."
"My new position is going swimmingly. Somehow, even being the head case manager at a rehabilitation center is less glamorous than teaching brain dead freshmen social theory, but it's much more fulfilling. I love it, I really do. I feel like I'm finally giving back." Cas says.
"Pretty much." Sam says. "Speaking of Winchesters, don't hate me for bringing it up, but dad is in AA."
"Yes, I do believe that little Sammy and Adam are still stuck in there. Michael and Lucy are not happy with them. Not that I blame them! But I do send my thanks to dear old Sam for the 'big promotion'! He sure saved my ass!" Crowley said.
"You know I noticed about you last night?" He said, his words starting to slur.
Dean flattened his palm on top of Castiel's left hipbone. "Sure you are." He whisked his fingers up the side of Castiel's body, keeping his touch soft, barely applying any pressure. He traced the notches between his ribs and he felt Castiel shudder. Dean knew his weak spots now and these feathery touches were one of them. Getting straight to the point, he scooted close to Castiel and straddled him, without putting his full weight on top of the smaller man. He bent over and kissed him on the forehead and then on the mouth and moved his hands up the front of his shirt, continuing to barely apply any pressure.
"Cas, I am really sorry about all this." Sam said. "I guess you probably didn't expect this."
"Cas... where are you parents?" He asked. Dean had wanted to ask this question for months now, since he'd found out about Castiel's past.
Cas cracked the door and came in to the bathroom holding a bottle of water, which he handed to him without a word. He sat on the edge of the tub, rubbing Dean's back as he tried to drink the water without puking more. He felt Cas taking him in, a picture of drunken disaster. He felt like he'd be sick again, just letting his friend see him this way.
"Yep. You did. So, will you talk to your brother?" Castiel said.
On a night like this, he couldn't relate more.
"Cas. I'm glad you're alive." Dean said. It's all he could say. He didn't feel so good about anything else.
"I'm an adjunct."
"You are such a fucking—OH GOD." He yelped as Dean moved his mouth even lower.
Sam let it all sink in and leaned back against the couch. "God. The things that happen when you're in Hell. It's as if the entire world flips out." He murmured, rubbing his temples.
When Naomi hears this, she stops and gives the power to murder Dean back to him. Castiel thinks it might be over. Finally over. She isn't done though. Castiel has to be willing to do more than murder Winchester out of mercy. She needs him to kill on command.
"What can you do?" Cas asked, sitting up a little straighter.
It didn't take much more than that to convince him. They were off the couch and in Castiel's bed in seconds. Dean was surprised at how completely natural it felt and how all of his reservations melted away as soon as they began to fuck
"Uh. Yeah." He said.
"I grew up in foster care." He admits. "I never knew my parents. I was only 6 months old when they disappeared from my life. I lived with my grandmother until I was 5 and then she died. She was the only family they could find. I spent the rest of the time in different foster homes."
"I told you to get me a beer, not water."
"You're a saint, mom." He said.
"And no one hassled you guys?" Jo asked, semi-seriously. "I saw you going at it."
Dean chuckled and rolled over on his side and pulled the covers up to his chin. He felt Cas snuggle up next to him, draping one arm over Dean's side. Dean sighed and it was actually with content. Somehow, this felt right, somehow it felt okay.
Angels like Castiel aren't totally unique—many angels love humans, but Naomi has always been able to destroy angelic goodwill toward God's hairless apes. Yet, Dean and Castiel stand out among others. Castiel's memories of Dean, the love he has for Dean, are proving to be stronger than Naomi's control—stronger than Naomi herself. She cannot have this, nor does she understand why this human is stronger than her abilities. There are very few things Naomi can't do. Yet despite her enormous power, Dean Winchester has overpowered her in more ways than one. Castiel
Castiel looks up at him, looking alarmed. "What?"
"You trust me that little?" Dean whispered.
like that whenever he was forced to attend his brother's swim meets. It was easier than seeing his brother in a speedo.
Dean reached under the table and squeezed his hand. "Cas here is the reason I'm not failing political science right now." He said. "He's a close friend too. I just wanted you guys to say 'hey' to him."
"Cas, I'm about to get really cheesy for a minute, so bear with me and don't interrupt, because this will probably never happen again." Dean said, actually blushing, "You're right about a lot, but you're wrong too. From the moment I ran over you in the quad last August, I've been falling for you. I love you as much as Sammy loves me, albeit in a different way. I look at you with that same adulation."
"Oh my God, Cas." Dean whispered. He wrapped his arms around him and held the smaller man close. "God, Cas, baby, I am so sorry. I am so, so sorry that happened to you."
Castiel's eye twitched a little bit, those eyes, those impossibly stormy eyes, fixated on him. "You look a little old to be an undergrad." He said.
Finally Cas spoke up. "Dean, this is stupid. A game of bean stalks throwing orange leather spheres into hoops does not interest in the slightest and I am growing irritated by how often they run into each other on purpose. Pure stupidity Give me the remote." He complained.
Castiel didn't say anything, just stared at him. Dean couldn't read him, but it was obvious that he was tense, but it wasn't necessarily in the way Dean was used to him being.
"Still glad you finally decided to make it official. It took long enough." Dean chuckled. "Charlie's coming through in a few weeks. One of her bands is touring the coast and she's hitching a ride. We'll have to get together."
Dean smirked, which surprised him, considering everything that had just happened. "I think we can. I quite like him, anyway."
"I don't know. I haven't spoken to him in almost a year. He's probably drunk somewhere. Sam hasn't seen or heard from him since he came and saw him at the hospital. My mom just doesn't really mention it. I think it hurts too much."
"Dean?"
"Cas?" His voice was confused.
Castiel examined their outfits. "Occasionally I wish it were acceptable for me to dress in drag constantly." He said thoughtfully. "I mean, Charlie, that corset? That swirly skirt? Fabulous. Jo, you may be wearing a tutu, but you make it hot. The two of you look awesome. Dean and I look boring."
"Gabriel is not God. He knows this, which is one reason he is a good leader. Unfortunately, no, it was not Gabriel who resurrected Castiel. That honor goes to Raphael." Balthazar said.
Dean closed his eyes and let out a ragged sigh.
Dean ordered another drink, because
"What is your point?" Dean said angrily.
"To Kansas?"
"It's not like I had a choice in either matter." He said. Dean hated his father. He hated him. John Winchester was one of the reasons that Dean hadn't come home in so many years. Whenever he came back to Kansas, his father always tried to insert himself back in his life, full of promises and niceties. It never ended well, since they didn't get along and because his father was a drunkard who treated them like crap.
Dean and Jo made the same face across the table at each other. They'd heard this story so many times that it was no longer embarrassing.
Dean just laughed again. "Oh, Cas. You take everything so seriously. Don't worry about any women though. As long as I've got you, they hardly cross my mind."
Things proved to be very difficult for Sam, who had flashbacks and nightmares every night for the first three months he was back. Dean remembered it all too well and took it upon himself to sleep with the door open so he could check on Sam whenever he heard the panicked screaming coming from his room. Staying in one place, having a routine and people around him seemed to help him cope with his memories. He eventually started seeing a therapist, something that Dean had never been able to bring himself to do, but somehow it helped Sam. He never told Dean how he reconciled the truth with the therapist. Around his fourth month back, he started taking online classes, finishing up the last few credits for his political science degree. He was accepted into University of Iowa's College of Law about six years after he was accepted into Stanford's. His LSAT scores were still ridiculously high and he was given a fellowship and nearly a full ride. It was safe to say that Sam's seat as "the smart one" in the Winchester family was all but cemented.
Crowley rolled his eyes. "Fine! I'll give you two days! Now let me out of here!" He screamed. Clearly he wasn't used to be trapped anywhere these days.
"Crazy?" Sam supplied.
"You think my… circulatory system is sexy?" Dean asked slowly.
"I wish I could wake you up that way every morning." Castiel murmured.
"No, your boy toy has a point, dear 'Cas.' I will explain all, but first, let me get a look at you! It's been over 50 years!" Balthazar said cheerfully.
"Really, you threw a lamp at him? A lamp? What are you, Dean, Bobby Brown?" A smirking Gabriel said.
"I'm just wondering. Like I said, I don't have a lot of friends. I don't know. I don't want you to hang out with me just because you feel sorry for me. If I thought that was why you were here or why you were seeing me outside of tutoring sessions, I wouldn't have told you about my, um, background." He said, staring at the wall behind him, his eyes darting back and forth again, like they had when they'd first met.
"Jesus Christ. They charge kids with prostitution? How does that even work? Kids can't even consent." Sam said.
She realizes it might take more than 100 copies to break him and that she might have to change her approach after the 20th copy or so, perhaps making the copies beg and confess their love as Castiel as he kills them. The real Dean would never do this though, unless in great torment, so she might have to intervene herself and kill a few copies in front of Castiel. She smiles even harder. The prospect of murdering Dean Winchester, even if it isn't really him, gives her chills.
That night, Dean went to bed alone. Cas insisted on putting the 'batch' together to summon Crowley and then said he needed some time "alone with his thoughts," which meant in guy-language that he didn't want to be anywhere Dean. Although occasionally insensitive, Dean wasn't an idiot and could tell that their minor tiff earlier hadn't been what Cas needed on top of the news about Crowley, Heaven and of course, his spanking new humanity.
Dinner that night was tense, Mary keeping her head down so the boys wouldn't see the black eye. Dinner was fraught with small talk and heavy silence, all of them trying to ignore the elephant in the room. Finally, she lifted her head, black eye and all, and spoke.
"I don't think that's what the poets were thinking about when they wrote about sex." Dean responded, with a smile. He reached over and took Cas's hand in his.
"Dude, Cas, I am seriously failing this class. I am four classes short of graduating. This, a couple of biology classes, and my capstone next semester. That's it. If I fail this class, I will be here this summer and I really don't want to be. Could you help me, maybe?" He said, almost begging.
"Sammy—" he started.
"What if he doesn't? What if he stays like this?"
"Right now, you're not putting up with
"Why'd you have to pick at the guy? I mean, yes, he's socially awkward, but you probably made him feel worse." Dean said, suddenly very annoyed with Jo and Charlie, surprisingly more so because they'd made Castiel feel uncomfortable.
Dean sat down on the couch next to Castiel, who was clutching a beer tightly, as if it would fly away if his knuckles weren't white. He clearly was notready for all of this. Dean felt pity for him and it wasn't for the reasons he had imagined during their drive here. Dean leaned in to him.
Dean seethed, seeing red, overwhelmed by the urge to go find his father and kill him. If his father had appeared in front of him at that very second, Dean would kill him and feel absolutely no remorse over it. In fact, he'd feel joy.
"Sammy." He muttered. "Oh god, Sammy."
"Dean, do you recognize me? Is your brain working?" Cas asked, staring down at him, looking genuinely perplexed.
"I'm sorry." Castiel murmured. "I swear. I won't bring it up again. I'm really sorry."
This time Castiel lets out an overexcited whoop. "Holy fuck! No wonder you're so amped! Congratulations! You are officially on your way to being Dr. Dean Winchester!"
Cas sauntered up to him in the store, his arms filled with bottles of red wine and cans of food. "I believe we will need sustenance when we arrive at Bobby's, so I purchased these." He announced. "Do you enjoy canned Vienna sausage?"
guard the tablet. He seeks destroy us. All of us."
The next day, a Saturday morning, the first day of his summer, Dean's basking in being able to sleep in for once, no labs, no papers calling his name when Castiel's phone rings.
"Seriously, dude? A messenger of God wants to flip burgers? No. Fuck that. I say we stick to what we're good at. And what we're good at is killing things." Dean said, shaking his head.
"Why not? I mean, I'm in your house, you helped me with Sam's birthday package, and I've certainly mentioned you enough times. Might as well. It's just a webcam chat. You're not asking them for my hand in marriage."
Dean watched him as he set down his tray gingerly. Castiel's eyes met a fixed point on the table and he was hunched over slightly, which made him look even smaller. Dean had never met someone so tense. It was as if Castiel expected everyone to immediately judge him or possibly kill him. Dean couldn't believe he had been intimidated by the guy when he ran him down this morning. Castiel seemed more like the kind person who would apologize for bleeding on your shirt after you stabbed him repeatedly in the chest.
So much had changed, so much had gone wrong since the fake reindeer tracks, and it amazed Dean that he was still so comfortable in this house. Here he was, laying in bed with another dude in his childhood bedroom, which should have freaked him out, but it didn't. In fact, he didn't mind it at all. Like the night before, Dean felt warm, happy and loved. He didn't really give a shit about the holidays, but the sentiment was definitely there this year. He glanced over at Castiel who was staring at the ceiling and blinking, a soft smile playing on his lips. Dean felt like he had known Castiel for years, not a mere four and a half months. Everything felt different now. Cas made Dean sleep and he made Dean reunite with his long lost Kansas family.
"Cas, I told you that I want you. I care about you. I'd love nothing more than to be with you, in every sense of the word. Why don't you believe me? Why did that make you so angry?"
Castiel cringed a little bit, probably because in the heat of the moment the night before, he'd yelled "
Cas was situated in the middle of the barn, spraying a fresh devil's trap on top of one that was carved into the cement and covering the floor with the ingredients he'd put together the night before. The barn was already covered, but Cas insisted that the more the better. Dean figured he'd let Cas do whatever he wanted. After all, he was the one who'd worked this spell before. He was also a little nervous of Cas after their session in the kitchen and didn't want to interrupt him.
Cas swallowed and looked away. Dean felt his heart drop a little bit more, which was the exact opposite of what he needed tonight. Castiel closed his sketchbook and held it tightly against his chest. Dean watched him closely and to his dismay, Castiel's eye twitched.
appearance this much.
Dean looked up and met the eyes of Heaven's new leader. He sighed. It was really a day for dealing with douche bags.
"Cas." He said.
is just another reason why you need to get out of your damn bed and
"I had to call 911, Dean, I'm so sorry. It's bad, not as bad as when you were here with him, not as bad as last Halloween, but honey, he's in a dire situation right now."
"You owe me, Winchester. After being such a dick to me last night and then puking on my favorite shoes, you owe me, and talking to your brother, facing him, is how you're going to repay me."
"I could come with you." He whispered. "To Seattle. You're not going right away until next winter, right?"
Dean softens. "Thanks, Jo. You were the first person I told."
The four times that Sam had been hospitalized when it was mostly just the two of them, Dean the only person watching out for him, Sam had never once realized his delusions weren't real.
"Cas, sit up. C'mere." He said softly.
"I'm not underestimating you, but you're so… tense right now. You have been all day. I don't want you to be. You shouldn't have to put up with this."
"I'm okay." His voice was quiet. "I just… couldn't sleep, I guess. I decided to wake you up."
"Cas? You awake?" He whispered.
"That's good to hear, Sammy."
"Hey sleepyhead." He murmured. He leaned over and planted a small kiss on his cheek and then his ear.
"Never! You are not taking Cas! His soul is not up for sale!" Dean snarled.
"You said no angel radio, right? And Cas, except when you were human, when have you been unable to teleport? And tell me… how long did it take you to heal me? And since when are you, of all angels, clueless about who's performing the miracles?" Dean asked.
Balthazar shot him another look. Dean smiled nervously. He had to remember that angels could read his mind. Cas just rolled his eyes.
Dean also felt a new hope for getting Sam out of Lucifer's cage. The truth was that so far, neither of them had found any leads. Dean had actually entertained the notion of summoning Crowley before, but he had been sure that the Demon was dead, or at least still in heading somewhere. Dean hadn't entertained the notion that Crowley would be out in the open, let alone crowning himself the new leader of the underworld. Although Dean wasn't a fan of any demon, he actually kind of liked Crowley. He had more sense than your average hell spawn and he had never tried to kill Dean or his brother. He had been a strange ally to have during the battle against Lucifer, but he had proved useful more than once. There may be a chance that Crowley felt he owed Sam, and Dean also knew that Crowley might be the only demon in all of Hell that would be willing to make a deal with him. He wasn't going to say anything about that second part to Cas though. He knew if Cas thought he was willing to make a deal, he wouldn't go along with any plan of Dean's.
Dean shrugged. "It's not important to me right now. What's important is graduating, starting my career, Jo and Charlie and somehow making sure my brother doesn't go bat shit again from 2000 miles away." He said, almost too casually.
Dean didn't want to say it out loud, but he was pretty sure this is why Cas had been brought back from the dead. He was meant to spend the remainder of his life as a human man, mortal, weak, and without power.
"You've shown me a lot. Made me open up a lot, let people back in to my life. I don't know, Dean. Since I met you, I've started… caring about other people again. It's disquieting."
They hiked up the hill and Dean tried not to notice how hard Castiel was breathing. Dean tried not to think about how the huffs and puffs coming from his mouth reminded him of sex.
Castiel took off his glasses and set the book on the bedside table. He turned to Dean and gave him that smile that always made him so weak in the knees. Dean pulled him in close, giving him a deep kiss on the mouth.
"No, he is not miserable. What he's going through is torture, but he is making it. He's making it because of you. For some reason, he sees something in you that makes this life forced upon him worth living." Balthazar said.
"DUDE." He cried.
"Why is he punching that guy? It's already been implied that he's not the rapist." Dean said, waving at the screen. "If he were a cop in real life, he would lose his job for this."
Dean glanced at Castiel, who looked even more nervous than when he had met Gabe. There were 6 new faces around the table and Jo had just outed them. To everyone's credit, no one said anything, even though Dean's past forays into homosexuality were not widely known. Dean had never actually referred to Cas as his boyfriend before, even though they were exclusive and, as of the night before, sleeping together.
"It's fine, Cas, I just miss him. I miss the way he was always so much smarter than me, I miss his stupid girl hair, and I miss how dopily tall he was. I miss him so much." Dean muttered, staring at the television.
"Cas, you know more about me than anyone, besides Jo. I trust you with parts of myself that I've never trusted anyone with before. I'm closer with you than I've ever been with any other significant other. I am trying. I'm trying because, Cas, to be totally honest, I have fallen for you, completely." He murmured, leaning over and kissing him again.
"Cas?" He started.
"Balthazar." Cas said, in a stunned voice.
"Keep talking like that and we won't christen this house tonight." Dean murmured, tangling his fingers through Castiel's hair.
"Well, Castiel, thank you for convincing our Dean not to be so stoic." Mary said, smiling warmly at him.
"No." Castiel said, not taking his eyes off Star Wars. "I'd be more likely to enter a burning house covered in gasoline than to go church, believe in God, or read the Bible."
Dean flashed back to the last time he had been home, two years ago, when he'd idiotically agreed to get a beer with his dad and the night had ended with the two of them in a bar fight, running out before the police arrived.
"I used to drink here all of the time when I was a freshman." Charlie said wistfully as they walked in to the restaurant.
"What are you implying, Gabriel? Please. Anything you can offer." Dean interrupted.
Bonnie brought them their tequila shots, with a round on the house because she adored Charlie. They did them one after another. Everything was bright and hazy, they were laughing so hard and the four of them were truly perfect. At that moment, Dean was convinced that this happiness was endless. He didn't even care when Castiel kissed him on the mouth in full view of Charlie, Jo and the entire restaurant because he tasted like salt, tequila, sunshine and God, Dean knew at that moment that he could fall in love with him. Charlie and Jo just squealed like old grandmothers and screamed "I KNEW IT!" and they were off to their next bar.
Dean stared at him incredulously. "Um, thanks."
"I just… I can't handle it. Rejection. It makes me feel like dying." Castiel murmured.
"You don't want to know. You shouldn't be with someone like me. I'm damaged goods."
in days. Castiel pulled away though and continued. "A few days ago you asked me something and I didn't think it was appropriate to bring it up until now. You asked me if I could come with you. To school, I mean. To wherever you go to school."
Dean took in his little brother. Sam was wearing a pair of jeans and a black t-shirt and he looked more like the Sam he remembered from his past, the Sam that wasn't sick. He was grinning ear to ear and his eyes were bright. He looked almost normal too, like he was actually healthy. His gaze was steady, he'd lost some weight, and he looked happy, like unbelievably ecstatic. His hair was still too long, but Dean could deal with that.
"No. I haven't really left this town in the last two years." Cas admitted.
Dean trusted and believed in Balthazar about as far as he could throw him, which wasn't far. Somehow the man who had killed him hundreds of times for laughs was looking like the best option right now.
He shook his head. "I'm not being facetious. I'm serious. I've never really had a family. At least not when it counted. Being here in your home, getting to know you and Sam, it has been a joy. I was so nervous to meet you all, so nervous you'd think I was a freak, because well, I am, but you have made me feel so welcome."
Castiel came in to the room, once again sporting the baggy trench coat. He was wearing glasses, which made Dean wonder if his saucer-eyes had been an effect of poor vision. He threw his stuff down on the table and sat down.
While Halloween was Castiel's favorite holiday, New Year's Eve was Dean's. Not because it was an excuse to get fucked up and kiss anyone you wanted at midnight, but because it was a fresh start. He knew it was hokey, but Dean was more sentimental than he'd ever let anyone see.
"What are the doctors saying?" Jo asked slowly.
"Let's go. We've been sitting here for 10 minutes. I'm sure they've seen us." Castiel said.
Castiel crawled on the bed and sat behind him. He placed his hands over Dean's and rubbed his head, bending over and brushing his lips on his shoulder. Dean sighed and leaned against him.
"Did you just say epic?" Dean asked, snorting, trying to prevent the huge grin that was spreading across his face. This version of Cas, well, he talked like he was a frat boy.
Dean leaned over and kissed him on the forehead. "I think I can manage that from now on, Cas."
Castiel blinked, once, twice, and then sat up and scooted the edge of the bed.
He just shook his head. "I don't know. There was never a father. I tried to find my birth mother while I was in graduate school, but I couldn't. She's either dead or she's changed her name."
Dean walked Cas to the bathroom and wordlessly undressed him and put him in the shower. He let Castiel wash himself, because although something in him had obviously broken last night, he was not an invalid. Dean shut the door and began cleaning up the mess in the apartment. He threw away the posters and cleaned up the glass, actually surprised Castiel had managed not to cut himself during his frenzy of destroying everything.
"I got pepperoni pizza and Blue Moon." She said, motioning at the spread.
Dean stared at her. Jo was normally biting and sarcastic, like one of the guys. Right now she just looked soft and sympathetic, all traces of her typically wry demeanor gone.
One look at him and Dean knew that over the past 12 hours, Castiel had punished himself more than Dean, Charlie, or Jo ever could. His face was pale and his eyes were red and puffy. He was wearing the same clothes from the night before and he still reeked of tequila. Dean looked over his shoulder and saw that Castiel's living room was trashed. What disturbed Dean most was that his paintings were no longer on the wall.
Dean was drunk enough to sit in a booth located near the back of the bar and make out with Castiel, kind of glad he had a moment alone with him.
Bobby was telling Castiel yet another yarn from the Winchester/Singer children's youth.
Castiel shifted in his seat and curled his legs underneath him, the way only someone skinny could. Dean felt his eyes drinking him in, the natural curve of his lithe figure, the tousled brown hair, full and perpetually chapped lips, and the glasses that he only seemed to wear while he was working. Dean felt himself swallowing, throat suddenly dry. Why was he just now noticing how fucking attractive this guy was? Why had a lesbian noticed before he had?
"Less than a liter. Not enough to kill you." Cas said.
Dean gets no response, so he wanders into their bedroom, where Castiel is propped up, scribbling away in his ubiquitous sketchbook. He looks up, glasses falling down the bridge of his nose. Castiel frowns at him, seeming like he doesn't give a shit about Dean's great news, about the fact that Dean, the genius, has just finished his first semester of his freakin'
"Hello Dean." Cas said, staring him down with those x-ray vision eyes of his.
"Never again, Cas. I am never dressing like this again." He hissed.
"If something happened, they would have called me. My mom would have called me and I'm still his emergency contact if she's not around."
making sarcastic comments about the people around them, pointing out one or two students of his who were in the bar, calling them "absolute fucking morons." Jo and Charlie seemed to notice the change as much as Dean did, because every time a cruel word escaped his lips, he saw them both cringe. Minutes ticked by, and eventually, Castiel quit talking completely and just sat there stiffly, doodling on a napkin and nursing a beer. Finally, Dean reached under the table to try to hold his hand, desperate to make some kind of contact, but he swiped it away. Dean was about to ask him to come outside with him and talk for a minute, but Charlie beat him to it.
Castiel sat down in the chair, body stiff. He cleared his throat and gave the Winchesters an uneasy smile.
He took Dean's hand and they walked up the stairs into the house.
"What's a shame, Meggles?" Balthazar asked, patting her on the shoulder.
for the things he wanted to do to the other man.
Their faces were dangerously close. Like too close for comfort.
"Wait!" Dean yelled, "One more thing."
"You actually smiled so much last night and this morning that I've lost count. Perhaps I don't need to keep track anymore." Cas said.
"Oh man, it is good to see you guys. Jesus, Ash. You grew like a foot." Dean said, recovering from the barrage of hugs.
After a seemingly long time, she released him.
"You don't need to pay me." Castiel said, looking nervous again.
"Oh God, I've missed you!" Sam yells, literally lifting him off the ground. "Shit! I can't believe Cas didn't answer. I knew I was early!"
"Is my Dean in lurrrrrrrve?" She crowed, returning to her usual, sarcastic form.
When it was over, Dean didn't think he had ever felt better. He thought the first time having sex with Cas would be carefully planned with candles and soft music, like some Death Cab for Cutie or possibly that woman from all those depressing animal commercials. Instead, it had been totally spontaneous, slightly rough, and a lot of fun. Dean had never been one of those guys who was into gentle lovemaking, all missionary, lights out and whispers of "I love you" after each thrust and he was glad Cas wasn't either. The experience they had just shared had been perfect in its imperfection. After all, Dean had never had sex with another man, and Dean was pretty sure Cas had never had sex period, at least in a human sense. It had been messy, slightly awkward and in the end, completely enjoyable for both of them.
Dean grabbed him too, giving hugs all around. "I'm going to miss you, little brother. You are fucking awesome, you hear? Keep up the good work and for God's sake, keep in touch and come visit me."
"Does this guy ever come to class? Like have you ever heard of him?" Dean gasped. He was laughing so hard he felt like his sides might split open.
Castiel growled and straddled him. Despite his meek appearance and initial shyness, he was actually often the more aggressive one in their relationship, at least in the bedroom. Dean moaned as Castiel nipped at his earlobe and trailed hot little kisses down the side of his face, actually biting his collarbone.
"I know. I'm lucky." Dean said, and for once he actually believed it.
"What can I do?" Castiel asked.
"Dean, are you okay?" Castiel asked, his voice tinny and small in the darkness.
"I think I get it." He said.
"She's trying. I didn't realize how hard she was trying. We shouldn't yell at her though. You know how she gets."
"Yeah, man, I am. I mean, those months you were gone… they were no picnic. In fact, there were days that I wished I were down there in the hole with you and Adam. I got through it though. I never thought I could, but I did, and I am happy, yeah. Now that you're back… well, things are pretty much perfect." He admitted.
They ate, but Cas ate like a bird, picking at the chicken, peeling the fried part off and eating it slowly. He drank the coke in small slurps, his eyes widening every time the carbonated sugar hit his tongue. Dean finished his food in 5 minutes. It took Cas 25 minutes to eat his. When he was finally done, Dean looked at him expectantly.
"You have to kill him."
"So, what? Are we going to make a habit of what happened last night?" Dean asked, returning to his original question.
"Winchester! Fancy seeing you here! What took you so long?" An obnoxious British accent sang. Clearly, Crowley had arrived.
"I'm going to go upstairs and sketch." Castiel said, leaving them alone.
"That's very admirable." Jo said. "Cas, I had no idea."
"My point being, is that there is a new sheriff in town upstairs. It took some fighting, okay, a lot of fighting, a lot of lives lost, and even more blood, but our side—the side that was rooting for you, Castiel—won. It was a short fight, but God, was it bloody! And the demons? Well, with our new chief and our eyes on this planet, let's just say they're hardly coming up here for air anymore." Balthazar said.
They arrived at Castiel's apartment complex, one of the two located in town. Jo had actually lived in the same building during her junior year.
Cas sat there. He was once again stunned. His eyes were wide and his mouth was hanging open dumbly. Dean could tell now that he had gotten his answers, they weren't what he expected, and not what he had wanted.
Castiel stops. The copy is somehow emoting. He can feel and hear the disdain. The copy of Dean is disgusted by him and truly does not want him around.
"He's very sick, isn't he?"
"Cas! Dude, what happened? Are you okay?" He cried, pulling the fallen angel into his arms.
"Why are you such a prude?" Cas breathed into his ear. "I just want to fuck you. I want to fuck you so hard. It's all I've been able to think about for days now. You are such a fucking prude though. What am I the first guy you've ever been with? Come on, let's get out of here."
They head to a little coffee shop on campus, not too far from where Dean's class is currently in session. It's the third time this semester he's missed it. Dean curses to himself as they pass the building. At this rate, graduating seems like a distant dream.
"Then we'll definitely help." Castiel said, standing up.
Dean and she is certain that this love will prevent Castiel's full reprogramming and will prevent him from doing what he was brought back from Purgatory to do.
Dean felt himself go cold. He knew what Castiel had studied in graduate school. He and Castiel had extensively discussed Castiel's research and his dissertation. It had destroyed him mentally and was one of the reasons he'd been hospitalized while pursuing his master's degree. It was the reason he was teaching instead of furthering his education or trying to find research or counseling positions.
"But… it's only been a day or so." Dean said, mostly to himself.
"Dean." He breathes, speaking his name like it's a prayer. "What is he doing here?"
Sam shook his head and sat down. "I'm in disbelief. One minute… I was there, and then I'm here."
. They went back out to the dining room. Sam was still sitting there, teeth gritted and anger etching his features. He looked like he was trying not to yell or cry or possibly both. He looked up at Dean and didn't say anything.
"Trust me. I am a better leader than Raphael. Things are better up there now. Crowley is a cad, yes, but things are better in Hell too. Notice that there are essentially no demons wandering earth? This is all for the best. I swear this to you." Gabriel said.
"No, not at all. I was just thinking about how at this time last year, I'd be moping around my apartment, drinking for a week straight, then going to church with Charlie and her family. Believe me, I'm on the same page as you are."
"Dean. I don't have all day. What is the point of this?" Crowley said, beginning to look irritated again.
Nick raised his hands. "Hey, hey, don't look at me like that, Dean. The lady inquired and I simply provided."
Once they were safe inside the house, far from Crowley, Dean let the floodgates open. He didn't think he had ever raged or screamed more in his life.
"It's very common in cities near large water sources and with many highways. Easier transport. Recently, more victims have been turning up in Seattle. Also, did you know that in the state of Washington, a minor can be charged with solicitation? Did you know that the sentences for these minors is often harsher than what their victimizers receive?" Castiel asked.
Castiel sat there for a moment, silent. They watched the ocean, so far away, but still almost close enough to touch. Dean was trying so hard to be there for him, trying so hard to understand why Castiel was clinging so tightly to him, while also pushing him away. Dean wanted to run toward the ocean, dive into the waves, which would cleanse him of Sam's disease, Castiel's pain, and his own constant need to escape.
Crowley bent over in the trap, burst out laughing. He was laughing so hard, he literally slapped his knee.
"What have you been doing those two or three hours every night I've been sleeping?" Dean asked. It was an honest question. Cas couldn't teleport, he was a terrible night driver, and he had no desire for food or drink. Or so he thought. He always wondered what Cas did when he wasn't around.
But am I feeling such emotion now?
Cas dropped him on the floor. "You are selfish, self-loathing and have no respect for me whatsoever, do you Dean Winchester?" He growled again. "I brought you back from Hell, gave up Heaven for you, and was torn apart by Lucifer for you, yet nothing matters to you but your pathetic need to self destruct."
Gabe stuck out a hand and gave Castiel a cheeky grin. "Hello Castiel."
"I'm sorry. It's just… I don't know, I can't help it. When I get nervous, I twitch. Always have."
"I feel sick." Cas muttered. "My body… I fear… I fear that I am losing this vessel."
. Dean shook his head violently and scribbled on the receipt. He stumbled out of the bar, stomach churning, vision blackening. Of course, immediately he ran into someone.
He found Cas leaning over the counter, sobbing horribly. On the floor below was shattered glass, dill pickles covering the floor. Cas wasn't wearing shoes and had stepped in some of the glass and there was blood.
Suddenly Dean heard the barn door slam open. He spun, to see Cas standing there, fists clenched, eyes burning. If he had been an angel, Dean knew innately that Cas may have killed both him and Crowley where they stood.
"Well." Dean said. "I'm sure that no one else in these Americas has that tattoo. At least it'd be original."
Jo got serious. "So you like him? You like this guy enough to date him, be in public with him as his boyfriend and to take some time away from biology and studying and all of that?" She said.
"Comfortable enough to dress like
"Dean, come back to me." Cas said, repeating one of Dean's own lines back to him.
"No! That's not happening!" Dean yelled.
"Sam, mom and I love you. We don't mind helping you."
"I'm sorry, I told you, this was not a tale you wanted to hear." He murmured. He stood up and leaned across the table and kissed him on the forehead, all sage, like he had his wings again.
No one said anything for a minute. It wasn't exactly pleasant dinnertime conversation and Dean was the only one who knew why Castiel had pursued this kind of research.
Castiel nodded. "Okay, well, are you going home?"
"I just hate it when she leaves like that." Sam mumbled. "It just reminds me when… well, when things were really bad." He glanced at Castiel and shut his mouth.
"I agree." Castiel said, glancing at him again.
"Get out of my sight." Dean hissed.
"He's not a demon in hiding anymore. He's the King of Hell. I'd say all bets are off on Crowley." Cas replied.
"I'm Janet!" Jo said.
"Sorry, I do that. Assign nicknames to people I meet." He said off handedly, "But back to social theory. Seriously. If you help me, I can pay you like $12 an hour and buy you more coffee, since you seem to like it so much." He glanced at Castiel's mug of coffee, which was already drained.
"Something smells really good." He mumbled, taking a seat next to Jo.
"I have never needed sleep before. I have never needed food. I have never been unable to heal people. I have never not been an angel. But what I know is that, well, I am not one anymore. Dean, I am becoming a man. One thing you said at the diner was correct. I've known it for awhile, but Jimmy is gone. He died when Lucifer killed me." Cas said, sounding a little miserable.
Dean just smirked at her and threw the pillow sitting next to him at her. Castiel looked confused and then seemed to remember that Dean, Charlie and Jo routinely threw things at each other, typically whatever was convenient. They were all getting used to each other and life was slipping into an easy, but pleasurable monotony. For Dean, it was class and studying, occasional shifts at the Kohl's factory packing up shipments for the Christmas rush, his friends, talking to Sam on Skype several times a week, and evenings on the couch with Castiel and sometimes, often times, Jo. Dean imagined that this was how life was supposed to be, even though he knew things never stayed quiet for too long.
"It's not killing him, Dean. Don't you see that? I never thought that it would turn out this way, but Castiel, well, he's handling it better than Raphael or any of us ever thought possible, which proves we are not all-knowing. He's adjusting, and honestly, I'm amazed he's not dead." Balthazar said.
"Probably. Nowhere else to go." Castiel said, a look of misery dancing across his features as he said that. "I was thinking about asking Charlie… if maybe… since she lives here and all."
"I'll show you." Gabriel said simply. He stood up and came over to Cas. He leaned forward and put his finger on his forehead.
"Yes?"
Dean unzipped his jeans. "Hello Castiel's crotch." He said.
Castiel just watched him with those creepy, electric blue eyes.
"They say he'll be fine once they level out the medication. They think it happened because they tapered him off the Haldol too quickly." Dean said.
"God fucking damnit, Cas." He whispered to himself. "Why do you hate yourself so much?"
"It sucks. But as I've learned from you, I might point out; you have to deal with it. It's part of the package." Dean said into the dark. He was learning to accept this, slowly but surely. His family would never be the Singers, no matter how much he wanted them to be.
"I know, dude, I mean, believe me, I don't think what we did was morally wrong, but the fact of the matter is that it happened, and, well, I'd really like it to happen again. I don't know what that means for us, I don't know what it means for you. I mean, Cas, have you ever been attracted to anyone before? Do you understand sexual urges at all?" Dean said.
He sat back down next to Dean and opened it. He pulled out two photos from a slipcover behind the front cover. One showed an older woman with a kind face and graying brown hair. She was bent over to a toddler on a tricycle, her hand on his shoulder. The child was looking away, laughing at something in the background, but the older woman was smiling at the camera.
Sam and Mary's eyes widened a little bit, but to their credit, they didn't say anything. In the Winchester household, where insanity and dysfunction were the norm, they knew that they shouldn't.
"Don't worry, Dean. It just reminded me of when we were kids." Sam said, chuckling a little bit. "You tried to be so quiet when you sneaked those girls in. Oh man, Cas, I could tell you some stories."
"Hello?" Sam said.
"Well, I suppose I will see you on Wednesday for lunch." Castiel said, pushing his glasses up his nose as they walked out of the library.
"Stop." Cas whispered. "I'm not… I'm not in the mood."
"I'm wearing the trench coat because my costume leaves me feeling chilly." Castiel said, as if it were totally obvious.
"He won't."
"I need him, where is he?" He yells. "Come on, you don't want him!"
Sam sighed and sat down next to him. He glanced at Castiel, who was sitting on the loveseat, looking like he was deep in thought.
"Dean. I know you want to. You've been so good, so careful. I know you're not going to hurt me. Please." He whispered, his face so close that Dean felt those long eyelashes brushing against his cheek.
"I'm sorry I put you to sleep." He said morosely. "I did not think I was still that strong. I didn't think I had it in me after the pickles."
"I could come with you." He repeated in sort of a vague, far away voice.
"Stop this." He murmurs, glancing at Dean and then at Naomi. "Get rid of him."
Dean didn't know if Castiel had gotten tips for taking care of him from Jo, because he had brought Dean his most beloved sandwich and didn't ask him too much about Sam. They spent the rest of the afternoon sitting on the couch watching Jo's DVDs of Dr. Sexy MD, which had mysteriously appeared after she stopped by earlier. Castiel hated Dr. Sexy MD, so it was a real testament to his love for Dean that he sat there and watched it, even laughing at times.
"What, Cas, do you fancy yourself a Molly Ringwald?" Dean teased.
Mary shuddered when he yelled. "I'm sorry, but punctuality is a necessity." She said, her voice trembling. Mary Winchester had never quite recovered from their father's drunken rages.
His throat closed up again and tears tugged at his eyes. He couldn't believe he was telling this to someone he had known for a month. Charlie was one of his best friends in the world and he would never admit that to her. It was too horrible.
like his father. Not knowing what else to do, he leaned in and pulled Mary into a hug. She shuddered against him and let out several shaky breaths.
"How's work? How's Anna?"
Dean stared at Crowley, the cocky look on his face. Crowley liked being in charge, that much was obvious. He liked the feeling of that crown on his head. Crowley wanted to kill and torture Cas simply to secure his position. He didn't think Crowley was even too keen on torturing him, at least not right now. He just wanted to feed Cas to his minions. His minions would never question him if he was able to bring them an angel to torture. They'd think he was a miracle worker. They'd think they were due for a lifetime supply of souls like Castiel's. That was the only reason Crowley wanted him. Somehow a demon whose only intent was to cause destruction was more honorable, suddenly more tolerable than Crowley. Once again, Dean wanted him dead.
"Bobby is in Heaven, Dean. He is not a ghost, he is not in Hell. He is with his wife, Ellen and Jo and he is happy. That's all you need to know. I check up on him sometimes because he was of such interest to you boys and dear Castiel." Balthazar said. "His body is gone."
"I know, Dean. He sucks. He's still our father though and for some reason, mom still loves him. We have to respect that. They're adults." Sam said.
"Yeah, you're not a little punk anymore, are you buddy? Hey, did you ever get to second base with Rhonda Hurley?" Dean jeered, grinning at him.
"Maybe just a little." Dean admitted.
"I wasn't actually nervous about meeting them until you said that." Castiel muttered.
Returning to Plainville, for the first time pretty much ever, was bittersweet. Dean missed his family with an ache he hadn't felt in years. Castiel mentioned that he missed Dean's family as well as they pulled the Impala (thank God he had her back) into the parking lot of Cas's apartment complex. Castiel missing them made Dean miss them even more.
"Mom, are you sure? I can come." He said.
Dean reached over and pulled the smaller man into a very loose embrace. Castiel actually shuddered against him, as if it was the first hug he had ever received, as if he hadn't been touched in years. Dean realized that there was a good possibility the latter part might actually be true. He held him close for a minute until he felt Castiel's body relax. He was so tiny compared to Dean that it was like hugging Jo.
Dean thought about how Cas had used the last of his angel mojo to heal him, how Cas was so determined to save his brother, how he had not judged him for wanting to die, and how the guy used words like "epic" and drank red wine and wore a suit to bed and knew how often he smiled, and suddenly he didn't even give a shit anymore. He didn't care about rules about sexuality or family anymore. This was Castiel
Afterward, they lay in bed naked, snuggling, and Dean was sure in this moment that he had become a woman.
"That's where you're wrong, 'Cas', good old Raffie didn't want you dead. He wanted you to suffer. This was the worst punishment he could think of; trapping an all-powerful being in a human shell, a prison made of flesh. He wanted you to be helpless, to realize what you had lost when you rebelled." Balthazar said.
"What's wrong with John Hughes?" Castiel demanded.
Dean nodded. "Well… good for you. Do you feel like you could sleep? Do you need sleep?"
Jo, of course, burst out laughing. "What the fuck, Charlie? That is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard of, and this is coming from you!"
Dean snorted. "Hell no. He tried a bunch of times, was far too drunk to ever make it into the academy." Dean said, his voice sharp.
Castiel just shook his head. "Do not argue horror trivia or the merits of these films with me, Winchester. I will win every time. I suggest you give up now. "
Dean got into bed with Cas, and the fallen angel snuggled up to him. Dean pulled him tight, brushing back a few errant strands of hair off his face. He kissed him on the forehead.
Dean was so consumed with grief over his broken family that he didn't even hear the door to his room open.
Sam trampled up the stairs like the moose he was and Dean smiled. His brother was doing so well. He was doing better than Dean ever thought possible. He seemed like himself and maybe he had been all along. Dean had always thought that schizophrenia had taken his brother, but in the past 24 hours alone, Dean had realized that it more likely that it was just another part of him, a personality quirk that could be overlooked and accepted. Dean wished it hadn't taken him roughly seven years to start seeing Sam as a person again.
"Nothing you have, except that baby-faced boy angel of yours, is worth anythign to me." Crowley said firmly. Then a devilish look crossed his face. "How about this for a game changer? Want to hear about what Sam was up to last night? Oh man, it sure was a party in the cage!"
Dean stood up to go after him, but then Balthazar was in front of him, holding him down. "Let him be, Winchester." He hissed. "I know this tickles your fancy, but what Castiel is facing is unimaginable and he needs to deal with it by himself for a spell."
The paintings had been so striking, obviously created with such passion and talent. Dean hadn't understood them, but he had loved them.
"You bastard!" Dean screamed, his vision going red. "Crowley, can you fucking do it!?"
"You can't possibly know that."
Dean took a deep breath, trying to focus on the task at hand instead of how endearing Castiel was. He reached over to knock, but Sam opened it before he got the chance.
"Jo is fine. She is actually the one who got me to come over to your apartment. Jo loves you and so does Charlie. They're your friends, Cas. I care about you. That's why I'm here. I can't lose you, I just found you." Dean said, nuzzle
They entered the room and set down their bags, which were filled with snacks and wine for Cas and settled in. Cas pulled out the wine and stared at it, mystified. Dean sat down on the room's uncomfortable couch and turned on the television, flicking through the channels until he found a basketball game.
"I'm not a good artist." He said, suddenly evasive, as if Dean were poking around somewhere he shouldn't be. Dean was reminded of the day before Thanksgiving break, when Castiel had gotten defensive and slightly angry when Dean had poked around his sketchbook.
"You're mourning." He murmured. "We all mourn in different ways."
She doesn't know anymore.
"I'm not wearing this. I don't care if it's Halloween. Dean Winchester does notwear makeup
"Yes, there is a chance of that. It's more than a chance, you moron!" Balthazar said, literally slapping him upside the head.
asshole."
"Dean?" Cas called out.
"Nah. I've been a saint since I met you. The Saint of Not Skipping Class." He murmured.
"He's in the psych ward at St. Pete's. I think they'll level out his dose and keep him for a few days. He wasn't violent this time, so I think he'll be out after the 72-hour hold."
"Castiel. Baby. You don't need to tell me anymore." He replied, kissing him softly on the cheek, half expecting Castiel to push him away.
The next day, Dean didn't answer his phone. Every time it vibrated, it was Castiel and from 7am on, Castiel called him 15 times and texted him at least 30 times. Each text message was some form of apology, laced with excuses about how he "sometimes was an angry drunk" or how he "never should drink liquor." He asked if Jo was okay every other text and asked if they hated him every fourth text.
The copy is walking around, seemingly oblivious to Castiel's presence. The copy is cautious, like he's hunting. At least this time he's not after Castiel. Despite this, he still doesn't know what this one will be like. So far he's encountered many vengeful versions of Dean, a few Deans that begged for his help "finding Sammy," a Dean or two that claimed to love him, and even a dead-blind-mute Dean that was so defenseless that Castiel was able to kill him easily, because the real Dean would never be defenseless. This Dean seems normal though, in hunting mode, gun drawn, creeping around walls that seemed to pop up out of nowhere, looking for his prey. Castiel watches warily as the copy bends over.
"I know what I must do." He intones as yet another Dean appears out of nowhere.
"He's just such an asshole, you know? I hate him. I hate how angry he makes me. I hate how much he hurts her, both physically and mentally. I hate him for not even knowing Sam. I just wish he would get out of our lives completely." Dean whispered.
"Dean, it's Christmas." Mary said. "He's your father. He's my husband."
"Naomi." He says. The words come out of his mouth and he doesn't know where they came from—Castiel is sure that he has never met this being.
A smile bloomed on Sam's face. "I'm doing really good, Dean. Things have been really great for the last 4 months. I love school. Today I get to see Ash, Bobby and Ellen. Now I get to see you."
"You do realize that there has never been an opportunity like this for any demon before. Your boyfriend there, he's an angel who's newly human, ripe with a fresh soul that's just waiting to be picked!" Crowley said.
Dean nodded, understanding why, and wordlessly they went back downstairs. Dean remembered his thoughts about the domesticity of the scene and then thought about what he'd just had to do, and he had to remind himself that in this house, there was no "normal."
"You said it wasn't that bad!" Castiel said, looking mildly outraged. "You ate it!"
Sam nodded and looked up at the ceiling. Dean found a vein easily and injected the Haldol. He still remembered all of this, clear as day. He could still take care of Sam like it was second nature. Sam opened his eyes and Dean released the tourniquet and tossed the used needle into the waste bin. They were probably the only family in Lawrence that had a "Hazardous Materials" trash can in their bathroom.
"Yes, Sammy. I want to know what to do about Sammy and Adam. And I want to know what took Bobby's body. Cas said he felt something in the graveyard the night he came back." Dean said.
"Cas, you should know by now that I don't read poetry." He said, smiling a little bit.
"Dean?" A familiar voice says. "Shit."
Castiel relaxed against him. "Dean, I told you, I'm a freak."
He arrived around 7:00, grateful that they were hanging out together without social theory, without Jo and Charlie. He knocked on the door and Castiel answered, wearing a pair of beige cords and a grey t-shirt. Dean realized he was seeing him with new eyes, because he hardly ever noticed what Castiel wore, and on this night, he couldn't help but notice how tight the pants were. Dean knew going to be difficult to study that night.
Dean grabbed his keys off the table next to the door, when he felt Sam grab his arm. Dean spun to face him.
He was being earnest because the second he'd saw those paintings, he was pretty sure he'd fallen just a little bit in love with Castiel. They'd been so bizarre yet so brilliant, so unlike the dry academic he'd assumed Castiel would be. Seeing them had surprised Dean completely, showing him a side of Castiel that he knew many people didn't see.
"Let's just say it's good I'm still wearing jeans. Jo's… spankies… don't leave much to the imagination."
"No. I am too tired to drive. Let's get a room in town, maybe some beers, and see if there is a game on." Dean said, even though the thought of drinking any kind of alcohol made him queasy after all of the whiskey and bourbon from the night before.
Castiel just looked confused again and then started laughing. "Because he's awkward like a moose and a moose swimming is hilarious to you?"
Dean leaned over and cupped Castiel's face in his hands, kissing him. Castiel returned the kiss, which was filled with a sense of urgency that Dean had gotten addicted to experiencing.
He heard the shower turn off and Dean shook himself off. He had dug through the clothes and found something clean. Castiel emerged from the bathroom shivering and wrapped in a towel. Dean silently handed him the clothes and looked away while he changed.
Castiel turned over and looked at him. "Are you glad you came back?" He asked, semi-seriously, still post coital and sleepy.
"Speaking of… baggage. No, I don't mean that. Fuck that. It's family. How is your brother doing, Dean?" Jo said.
Bobby Singer was Jo's real father and the Winchester brothers' surrogate father. Meeting him, it was easy to see where Jo got her sense of humor and confidence. Unlike her father, Jo was 5'2" and maybe weighed 115 pounds soaking wet, while Bobby was 6 feet of grey hair, perpetual gruffness, and sardonic humor. Dean had known him since he was four, and while knew the man wasn't capable of harming a fly, Bobby had always intimidated him. For this reason, he was more nervous about introducing Castiel to him than he'd been about introducing him to anyone else.
Twenty minutes later, after a very chilly walk, they were sitting at a table in Trickster's and Dean had a beer and two shots sitting in front of him. Trickster's was a grungy dive bar that inexplicably featured cage dancers once a week. It was not a "college bar" by any means and that is one reason Dean liked it. He was sure he wouldn't see anyone he knew here tonight besides Castiel.
"Who says you can't? Issues of morning breath aside, I'm not really complaining."
Dean kissed him again. "Come with me." He whispered and immediately, he regretted it.
As they got back on the road, Dean thought about Cas. He was a paradox. He was 3000 years old and some change, yet he was also newly human, and still part angel, which was just weird. He didn't know how to use a butter knife or what it felt like to have to use the bathroom. His soul was ancient, but at the same time, it was brand new. Cas had seen things that Dean could hardly imagine, yet he found a $7 bottle of red wine to be one of the greatest things ever. He knew everything, yet he was just now discovering humanity. He thought it was amazing that someone like Cas even existed.
When all was said and done, Castiel knew they had to take Anna. While he had no intention of helping her evade Heaven, he had no intention of killing her himself. They had a history. He had served under her for hundreds of years and she had always been a consummate and faithful leader. He felt a certain fondness for her and seeing how far she had fallen, ripping out her grace, becoming human willingly, well, it touched something inside of him. He felt almost melancholic when he thought about her fate. He pitied her and was sorry that she would have to die. He hardly understood why she was choosing death. He didn't understand how she could choose humanity, a flesh prison, over absolute power, immortality, and serving the absolute grace of Heaven. He didn't understand her slavery to human emotion and why she clung to it, even in her last minutes of life. Anna was addicted to human emotion. She craved feelings of elation, lust, violence and guilt. She craved sex, the love of a human family, and the love of a human man. As an angel of the lord, Castiel was detached from emotions and physical need. These were things that Castiel could never understand.
"Jesus." Sam said again. "How did you meet someone who'd been through that?"
"She's babying me. I'm an adult, Dean. I'm 22 years old. Before all of this happened, I had a 4.5 GPA and I was on my way to the Ivies. I'm not mentally challenged. I'm mentally ill." Sam grumbled. He pulled open the medicine cabinet and pulled out the vial of Haldol, Dean washed his hands and pulled out the kit with the needles. It was almost mechanical for the two of them; they had done this so often when Sam had been at his worst.
"Cas, no." He whispered. "I won't let you. I need you. I need you alive. I need you here with me. I could never let you..."
"Can I have another beer?" He said hoarsely, draining his bottle.
Dean sighed and poured the salt over the last window. He turned. Cas stood in the middle of the room clutching a gnarly looking knife; the knife that was going to use on Dean.
Dean glanced over at Cas, who was still wearing the trench coat. Gabe was a huge personality and he also hit on every woman that moved, even if they weren't of his sexual orientation. Dean knew that he was exactly the kind of person who made Castiel uncomfortable. Dean hadn't warned him that most people they would be coming into contact with tonight were like that. Charlie's large group of friends was very flamboyant. Following Castiel's lead, Dean left his coat and jeans on. He hadn't been been planning on stripping down until he had a few drinks in his system anyway.
"What's dessert? Maybe chocolate? A whipped cream bikini, perhaps?"
"Well, I killed that bastard, stuck that knife in him. That's all I could do. I killed all of them after they laughed at me and said their new boss would never allow it." Dean muttered.
Mary Winchester came into the dining room and pointed them to her pancakes and eggs and the four of them sat around the table talking and joking, a very picture of domestic bliss. That was until Mary brought up the very subject that he had tried to avoid at brunch the previous day and in bed with Castiel just an hour earlier.
They went into the living room to talk. Dean almost offered Balthazar a beer, but decided against it. He and Cas sat down on the couch and Balthazar took Bobby's old love seat. Dean felt how stiff Cas was sitting next to him. He was suddenly worried about Cas's well being. He had been doing so well recently. He even had a job interview in town the next week. Things were just beginning to get so good, with Cas adjusting to human life and Dean thinking about hunting again, and then this asshole appears in their kitchen, interrupting their dinner and possibly sending Cas into the mental ward. Dean instinctively reached over and took Cas's hand to reassure him, but he snatched it away.
"No, Dean. Dean, what are you doing? We have to summon Crowley. Stop. Crowley. We have to summon him. I am in no mood." He mumbled, unable to finish a sentence. He tried to push Dean away, as to not succumb to his attempt at seduction. It hardly ever worked.
Dean pulled him in close. He didn't know what Cas was either, but he had his thoughts. It seemed like Cas was becoming human.
"You don't understand, both of you, that I am not the bad guy here. If I could, I would bring Sam back. But I cannot do it alone and I do not have many others on my side." Balthazar said. He was beginning to look angry too, and he was not a guy Dean wanted on his bad side.
The Dean copy loses his warmth, instead smirking as he approaches Castiel. "Do you know how much I wish you'd stayed in Purgatory?" The copy taunts. "How much I wish you had died? How much I wish you'd stayed in a coma? Why the fuck are you here, Cas?"
"Gabriel is repairing him, isn't he?" Cas asked, since he knew all about rescuing Winchesters from Hell and all.
"She loves him. It's stupid, but she's right. He is her husband and your father. But I disagree with her and Sam. That doesn't mean you should have to allow him a place in your life."
Most of all, Sam didn't want to be a burden to his family. Dean would never say it out loud to anyone, but Sam would always be a burden. He would always be sick.
Cas settled in next to him, reading "Julius Caesar" in the the room's weak light. He felt the bed shift a little as Cas got comfortable, but Dean felt oddly calm having the angel sitting next to him. He didn't realize how nice it was to have someone so close, even if it was an asexual angel who was falling from Heaven. It took awhile, but Dean finally fell asleep.
Dean interrupted him. "Let's get out of here."
Jo rolled her eyes. "We were just playing with you, Dean. The guy is awkward and, I don't know, I thought it was funny. Plus you
"Well, that was unexpected." Cas said. Despite everything, they were trying to finish their dinner.
"Thank God." He whispered, dropping his face into his hands. "Thank you Balthazar. Thank you Gabriel."
"Sounds good, hon!" The waitress said. She looked directly at Charlie and gave her a huge smile. "Charlotte Bradbury! It's been awhile! How's your daddy doing?"
"My family is really fucked up, okay? I just don't want you to know that side of my life." He said. "That's why I was kind of a bitch about it."
Anna came toward him and Castiel felt his vessel's pulse quicken. The utter hatred and anger he felt toward her right now was profound. He had fought in many wars, killed many demons, and watched angel, demon, and humanity do cruel, evil things. He had been betrayed, tortured, and now he was fighting against Satan himself. Despite all this, Castiel had never felt such hatred toward any being before. He had never felt such bitterness and pain. He had never… felt emotion. He still didn't quite understand it. Even the concept of emotion was alien to him.
"Sammy is smart. Much smarter than me. Hell, he's probably as smart as you. Unlike me, his brains aren't limited to one area. He's good at everything. He can tell you about the GDP in some random country one moment, master calculus the next, and then he'll write a poem that'll make you whimper like a baby."
"So, Castiel was just telling us about how glad he is to be done with grading finals. Dean, how did your finals go?" Mary asked, acting like a concerned parent, as if she actually had time to worry about Dean's grades.
He sighed and rolled over on his side, his normal sleeping position.
"Mom." He choked.
"Cas, you beautiful, strange creature." He whispered.
"He'll be back." Dean muttered. "He always comes back."
"She was crying so hard, I couldn't understand her. She thought I was you. I just… wanted her to calm down before she spoke to you." Castiel said.
"Good." Castiel said.
"No!" Castiel said, closing the sketchbook and holding it tightly against his chest.
"We have a lot of problems." Mary said simply, smiling a little bit more. "Despite that, you are always welcome here, Castiel. I would never judge you, especially since you've made my Dean so happy. Seeing you two… seeing how healthy your relationship is… well, it was just the kick in the ass I needed to move forward."
Dean nodded. "I think that sounds like a great idea."
"I care for him." Castiel says weakly.
"Really?"
"Either you drink this, or I'm leaving." He said. "You can get as drunk as you want, but I don't want you vomiting all over me because you're dehydrated."
Cas nodded slightly and squeezed his hand. "No deals with demons. From now on, we wait. We deal with the hand we were dealt."
"Do you think she's with him right now?" Dean asked, his voice slurring a little bit. He had been drinking since 3pm. Now it was 6:30. Mary had been gone since 11 and had ignored seven of their phone calls.
"Sam is an oaf." Dean said simply. "He's 6'4", with the grace of a moose. Everyone always thought he'd play basketball because he's so fucking tall, but he couldn't. Nope. Sam can't run to save his life because he always trips and loses a shoe or a sock. He swam in high school. He was fucking good at it too. He was varsity captain his junior and senior year."
"Where'd you grow up, honey?" Ellen asked.
"You're a keeper." He said, taking a huge bite.
Dean nodded and got under the covers of his bed, acutely aware of how rumpled the sheets were and of how they smelled vaguely of mildew. He couldn't wait to get out of here.
"When I was 12, I ran away." Castiel said finally.. "I ran away from my foster home. I was living on the streets, Dean. You have to understand that. I had no other choice. I shouldn't have run away."
"What are you?" Castiel asks, backing away. "
"It's because you're hungry. Dig in, man!" Dean said.
Castiel's eyes began to dart, like they did when he got extraordinarily uncomfortable. Dean felt cold. This was bad.
Dean squatted down next to the tub. "Cas, come back to bed." He said. He reached over and stroked his cheek. "I need you to be strong for me right now. I really can't be here for you as much as I'd like right now. Please, just come back to me. Don't isolate, baby."
Of course, he didn't. Cas barely knew how to operate the cell phone and he sure as hell wouldn't want to talk to Dean right now anyway.
Dean glanced at Cas when she said that and Castiel actually looked wrecked too. "Mom, I think you're gonna make Cas cry." He said, trying to lighten the mood.
PhD program with a 4.0 GPA. Dean shivered when he thought about it. Most people couldn't even define bioengineering. No doubt about it, Dean Winchester is a genius.
Dean didn't exactly trust the angels, especially Gabriel, who had killed him hundreds of times, or Balthazar, who had told them to summon Crowley. Why should they trust angels? After all, angels had wanted the apocalypse. Angels had used him and Sam as pawns in their own game. Angels had ripped out Cas's grace and forced him to fall slowly and painfully into a human life. Right now, angels were torturing his brothers. When angels have destroyed your life, Dean wondered why he was expected to trust them, why he should put his faith in them at all.
Six months passed and Dean, Sam and Cas went about the day to day messiness of human life. Cas had been correct when he said time and time again that it wouldn't be peaceful, even when Sam got back, but eventually they adjusted to living as normal human beings.
He had a point. Maybe Dean was stupid to have any kind of sentimentality toward the demon.
"Does he make you happy?" Sam asked.
"I don't know why you always make fun of me for being a townie. This place is amazing. There is a reason I didn't go to Portland." Charlie said, faking annoyance. Dean could tell because she was smirking.
He never would have pegged Cas as a horror fan.
"Cas, this pie looks and smells amazing. But be warned: you have a lot of pies to compete against, since I've eaten pies in every state in this great nation." Dean said, grinning at him.
"Don't worry about the Devil's Trap. Bobby covered the entire barn and this house. He even carved them on the floor. After he was possessed and lost his legs for awhile, well, he was paranoid. There are devil traps on the hardwood floor beneath the carpeting in this house. Man, I love it when things are this easy." He said, smiling at the memory of him and Bobby 'decorating' the house with traps.
"He'll be okay, Dean. He'll come out of it."
The cold, hard truth of the matter was that since they had averted the apocalypse, Dean hadn't thought much about Adam at all. He had too much pain for Sammy, Bobby, Cas, and himself. Adam was secondary in his concern because there simply wasn't enough pain to go around. Although Dean didn't think about it much, the younger Winchester, their secret brother, was down there with Sam too. And unlike him and Sam, Adam had never had any clue about what was out there. He hadn't wanted to be a part of this, but because Dean hadn't said yes, and because Sam had said yes, Adam was in Hell.
An hour later, Dean and Cas were checking into the only motel in town, a rundown place called the "Moonlight Motel" and it was the kind of place that rented by the hour. Dean was almost embarrassed to be getting a room in a place like that, because he didn't want anyone to think Cas was a hooker or that he was renting a room with a guy for
Dean awoke in an unfamiliar, dark place.
For some reason it was easy for him to say it now, because actions really did speak louder than words.
did he feel like a horny teenage girl.
"Cas, you better get back here with my fucking car! If anything happens to her, I'll make you wish God hadn't brought you back to life!" He screamed into Cas's voicemail.
He had almost always pictured Sam
Dean sat up. "I called my brother." He said weakly.
"No, no, Cas, I needed to hear that. Don't apologize. You're here, that's all that matters." He whispered, burying his face into Cas's chest.
Castiel and Jo both looked confused. Dean felt embarrassed for his younger brother, because he knew exactly what his mom was referring to; Sam's medication schedule dictated a round of pills every 6 hours or so. Dean had seen him slip a handful of them in his mouth at brunch. Mary stood up and walked over to Sam. She patted him on the shoulder and gestured to the stairs.
"Yes, I am. I was restored. I am… an angel of the Lord again." He said, still looking bewildered.
"That about sums it up." Cas said uneasily.
"Sorry, Cas." He muttered. "Go back to sleep. I mean, this is the first time you've slept, like ever, and I don't want to interrupt."
"I know. I'm grateful for that. You and mom, I just love that you're here with me now, that you care about me. It's enough for me, Dean. That said though, you have to start seeing me as an adult. When that finally does happen, I'd appreciate seeing your face more than once every two years."
Naomi shakes her head and with the twitch of a wrist sends him flying. The copy yowls in pain, but stands up and re-approaches Naomi. He shoots at her and misses, and she throws him again.
"You're not pathetic, Cas. Who's to say what's normal, anyway? No one I know is normal. Hell, I don't even know the meaning of the word." Dean said.
"Dean drinks. You twitch. I talk to my imaginary friend, Ruby. Mom runs. We've all got our issues." Sam said, coming into the kitchen.
When Castiel had asked Dean if he liked him, Dean knew he was seeing a side of the other man that he had never seen before. Castiel was sitting there hunched forward, hungry for approval. He was practically begging for it. His eyes were wide, slightly wild, and Dean saw a bit of the child who had spent the better part of his life being shuttled from one foster home to the next.
"Right now? Yeah, that's what I think of you. Of both of you. I'm sick of crazy fuckers. I'm sick of having to take care of you and Sam and my mom. You know what? Get over it. Spank your inner moppet, whatever, but move on and quit expecting me to pick up the pieces when you fall apart." Dean said, shaking his head.
Dean closed his eyes and smiled. It was so good to hear his voice.
"I'm not lazy. It might seem that way, but seriously, I ace my biology classes, I rock at history, and I even really like analyzing and writing fiction. It's just this social science crap I don't get."
Dean didn't want to hear the rest, because he knew what was coming, but Castiel kept talking.
him, every last inch of him. Castiel's hipbones dug into his waist him like twin prongs and he felt his own hips involuntarily bucking up to meet him. Dean moved his mouth from Castiel's mouth, down his throat, nipping slightly, mostly out of necessity and Castiel let out a yelp, as if he wasn't expecting it. Dean sucked at the sensitive skin between his shoulders and neck and Castiel let out a guttural groan. That noise alone made Dean to return his mouth to Castiel's, because if he made that noise again, this would be over in seconds. Castiel wrapped his legs around Dean's waist and kissed him sloppily. Dean kissed him back and then had to pull away because he had to breathe and the couch simply just
Sam put him down. "Wait. Airways? What? You breathe? If it wasn't you… then… What the hell is going on?" He turned to Dean. "Did you make a deal?" He yelled.
"What about a DNA test? Could you find her that way?" Dean asked.
Jo softened. "I'm sorry, Dean. I just worry about Sam. Ellen and Bobby do too. Ash, may we have mercy on his idiotic heart, still thinks that Sam is going to snap out of it."
"I was at the office, cleaning out my desk for the summer, when I saw the email. All A's, baby. Your boy finished up with a 4.0 GPA this semester. Holy shit, I didn't even think I'd make it through this semester in the beginning!"
Castiel stirred, always a light sleeper, and smiled up at him. "Hey there. Merry Christmas eve."
"Oh, it's very good. Female indie rock, of course. Very mellow, almost haunting."
"I really don't mind." Castiel said, sounding a little too earnest. "Believe me, with what I grew up around, I learned that there is no such thing as a perfect American family."
Castiel also started eating lunch with him, Charlie, and Jo on a semi-regular basis. Charlie was creepily obsessed with Castiel, which Jo and Dean found hilarious. Castiel didn't reveal much about himself in the three weeks that he spent integrating himself into their lunch circle. They knew he liked screamo and that he liked to paint. They knew he was smart: he'd started college when he was 16 and that he was Jo's age and already had earned a master's degree and a job teaching. They knew that he liked to sit on the quad in the morning, where he'd drink coffee and grade papers. Otherwise, Castiel Novak was a mystery.
"Perhaps I will try it." Cas said.
Castiel giggled. "Dean, seriously, once again, what is with the lesbians? I have never seen you around anyone else. Just lesbians and friends of lesbians."
"So, what class are you missing right now?" He said finally.
Dean had never been happier.
"No deals with demons." Dean finished.
Sam had been there 15 minutes and once again, Dean was amazed at what a new man he was, yet again. Sam's eyes were bright and clear, his speech sharp, and unless you knew his past, you'd never suspect everything the younger Winchester had been through, the battles he'd fought inside his mind.
"Do you want me to come home early? It's almost Thanksgiving break and I have to be back for finals, but I can get on a plane tomorrow." He said.
"Yes, Meg. We're a thing." He smiled at her, sweet as honey, keeping the
"He's not God." Cas said to Dean over dinner that night. "He was right about something, Dean. It is not an easy task to extricate two souls from Lucifer's cage, not even easy for an archangel."
"Dude..." Dean began, ready to ask him about that stare.
"Please, Castiel, call me Mary." She said, smiling warmly at him.
"Balthazar is an idiot." Gabriel said plainly. "I saw how he spoke to you, how crass he was about the war, about your… situation with Sam and Adam. He offered no viable solutions. Getting Sam and Adam out isn't a cake walk, but it is not impossible. We are also not unwilling. When I found out he told you that we wouldn't help you, I nearly damned him to Hell myself."
Dean had to remember that.
"Jason Voorhees is a deaf mute with mommy issues." Castiel said, wrinkling his nose.
"Dean." He said simply.
Castiel isn't fooling himself anymore. He realizes that she won't stop. If she will, he doesn't know how to make her. After all, he's passed his tests; he's killed hundreds of Dean and watched her slaughter 50. He doesn't know if Naomi will ever stop. Maybe this is his punishment. Maybe this is how he will redeem himself to Heaven. Castiel is so crazed with grief and pain that, at this point, that he no longer remembers what she told him about his mission to protect the tablet. Maybe it doesn't matter because all he can feel is the utter sickness that comes along with these tests. He no longer believes he will ever be able to return to Earth. He will do this until his grace burns out or until Naomi kills him.
Naomi, for the 800th time since she plucked Castiel from Purgatory, is shocked.
"Okay then. I suppose I could do that. I mean, I've never…"
"Shut up, asshole." Jo said, tossing a fry at him. "Joey was straight, Joey was boring, Joey was in love with a bro with a greasy blonde mullet. I am not straight or boring, nor would I love anyone with a mullet."
"I interviewed quite a few individuals who had been charged as children and put in juvenile detention instead of a rehabilitation center or therapy. Most who were charged continues to prostitute themselves or abuse drugs long after they became adults. The ones abused by the system never received the help they needed and the cycle just continued." Castiel said, his eyes darkening.
Dean couldn't help it. He smiled. "That's great, mom."
"It's not like that." He said helplessly, even though Dean thought that it was like that.
"You take the weirdest things seriously." Dean said, chuckling. "Besides, I like Ewoks. Honestly, you kind of remind me of an Ewok, all cute and cuddly, yet totally badass underneath that geeky, strange exterior of yours."
Castiel looked terrified, as if Jo had just said that she knew he was actually a cross-dressing homosexual with a fetish for serial murder. "How did you know that? Were you in one of my classes? If so, I probably shouldn't be fraternizing with you…"
"People can do that? They can just... drop their children off?" Dean asked in disbelief.
"I didn't know you felt that strongly." Dean said, raising an eyebrow.
"Dean, your voice might help ground him." She said soothingly.
"Work's great. The glamorous world of being an assistant at a boutique PR firm, lowest rung on the totem pole, you know. Big thrills, big chills." Jo says drily. She really wanted a promotion and more money. "Anna's fabulous, of course." Her voice perks up when she says her name and Dean's glad, so glad, that Jo won that bet between them.
"Shhh, no, no, not at all. Whatever made that stupid idea pop into your head needs to go away. You are beautiful and you are incredibly hot and I absolutely enjoyed what we did tonight. But for now, what we did is enough for me." He murmured.
"I don't know." Sam said. "I wish she would at least call. It's Christmas Eve. Nowhere is open. I don't know where else could be."
He swallowed the rest of the drink back and poured himself another.
"Dean, what are you always telling me? Be strong for me? Well, right now, I need that from you. Be strong for me, yourself, and for Sam." Castiel said.
"I think you're a great person, Cas. I mean, I don't see why you don't have many friends. Yeah, when we first met, I thought you were kind of strange, but I get it. Getting to know you the last few weeks, seeing how quickly Jo and Charlie took to you, it's clear to me that you're a cool dude who deserves everything good in this world." Dean said.
Dude was a bundle of nerves if Dean ever saw one. At first, the guy had intimidated him with his gruff voice and odd way of staring, but now Dean realized that in Castiel's mind, he was the intimidating one.
Dean threw a straw at her. They were always throwing things.
"Please Cas. Hearing about it from you, the only possible person who would have any idea about it, will make me feel better about the time it's taking to hear from Gabriel or to see Sam again." Dean said.
Castiel hesitated, and then finally spoke. "I know what it's like, believe me, I do. But when he wakes up, becomes lucid, it's like being born again. Every time he wakes up, just know that he will always love you. You were there when the levee broke and you'll always be there. In his head, he knows this. You should know this too."
"I know."
She expects it will take awhile. That almost pleases her though. Watching Castiel kill Dean Winchester over and over again seems like an agreeable way to spend her time.
As they cleared the dinner table, Dean thought about it. He actually believed her this time. When they exchanged gifts, small things, because the Winchesters no longer made a big deal about holidays, he hardly noticed because his mother divorcing John Winchester, on the grounds of Dean's healthy relationship, was probably the best gift he could ever receive.
Dean knew this wasn't the situation with Castiel and he was fretting over this. He wasn't sure what their first kiss had meant and he hated that he had to find some kind of purpose in it. Knowing Castiel, he knew he had to find it quickly. He knew there was potential for it to mean nothing. Cas had been there for him during a vulnerable moment and, despite what he had told himself in the beginning, he had always found the other man attractive, although he hadn't thought about it too much. On the other hand, Dean also knew there was potential for it to mean everything, because of the simple fact that he had been vulnerable with Castiel in the first place.
Dean just nodded. It was true. He never would have come back here if he hadn't met Castiel. He probably would have chickened out and stayed in Plainville over the holiday if Cas hadn't agreed to come with him. There was a chance Dean would have gone two more years without seeing his brother if he hadn't tripped over Castiel in the quad five months ago.
"That's none of your damn business, Crowley! We are not here to talk about my love life. We are here to talk about my brother!" Dean yelled.
"I think it might be. I don't know, Jo. I haven't felt this way about anyone in a long fucking time. I mean, it's kind of weird that it's with a guy, but in the grand scheme of things, you know that doesn't matter to me." Dean said.
Finally Dean spoke up. "So we have a plan then, Cas. We go to Bobby's, set up shop there and try to find out why you're here and how to get Sammy back. While we're there, we can work the phones, maybe pick up a few hunts, maybe get some jobs. One day at a time, but at least for now we have a plan."
"How bad was it?" Dean asked, his voice quivering.
"Is that why you stayed at home after high school?"
"It's the dream of most men to have two lesbians to himself all of the time. I don't know why you're hassling me about it." Dean said, grinning at him.
"It's not me, you bitch. I may not be a follower, but I'm also not interested in leading. Gabriel is our new leader. Let me tell you, it's fabulous having a guy who posed as a Pagan god for 1,000 years in charge. It's Team Free Will, each day, every day. To a certain extent, of course." Balthazar said.
"Dean, I'm so sorry." She murmured.
"Dean, you know that's not what I meant. You are not poison. You are a brave man who just lost his brother in unimaginable circumstances. I can feel it coming off you in waves. You want to die, right? That's what I meant what I said they don't need to see you like this." Cas said.
"Bruno nearly killed me. He broke my elbow and kicked me so hard there was internal bleeding. He dumped me at a hospital. I stayed there for a long time, to detox obviously, and to make sure I hadn't caught anything. I was clean, but I was only with him for a month. I was lucky compared to some of the others." Castiel finished.
Dean chuckled and handed Cas the remote. When Cas could not figure out how to operate it, Dean took it back and flipped through the channels. Finally Cas decided that he wanted to watch Scarface, which actually was one of Dean's all-time favorite movies.
"Balthazar said…" Cas started.
Gabriel bent over and touched Sam on the forehead and then disappeared.
Dean experimentally ran a finger across his face, trying to get used to his 'look" for the evening. When he pulled his finger away, it was caked in powder.
"The way he is around new people, the way he watches, the always recoils like he's about to be smacked, those nerves, well it makes sense now. God, I feel like such a fucking asshole for all those times I teased him."
"Stiff upper-lippiness." Charlie repeated. She smiled. "I like that."
"Okay then." Castiel said, blinking a little bit.
"Oh God, Dean. I can't believe you're here. It is so good to see you." Sam said, his voice breaking. "I have missed the shit out of you."
"Where is Cas?" The copy snarls to Naomi.
Slowly but surely, Dean sat up. He couldn't see. He was possibly dying. He knew he had to get to a hospital. He struggled to get into the Impala where his cell phone was. When he finally got into the car and had his cell phone, he just stared at it for awhile, hesitant to call for help. There were guts everywhere, Bobby's corpse was there and Sam and Lucifer were gone. He didn't think he had the strength to move Bobby's corpse. He wanted to give Bobby a hunter's funeral, but he didn't have it in him right now. He couldn't imagine moving Bobby and he certainly couldn't imagine burning him.
The next morning, he awoke and Cas was not in bed next to him, which was a first in the two months when they'd felt the need to start sharing one. Dean tried not to feel uneasy and when he went downstairs, he found Cas passed out at the kitchen table, head in his arms, a foul smelling concoction sitting in front of him. It was the juice they needed for Crowley, so of course it smelled like road kill. Dean was actually amazed that Cas could sleep next to something so disgusting smelling. Dean hoped that Cas had just been overwhelmed with exhaustion, and not that eager to spend the night away from him.
"Victor and Mary are still going strong?" Cas asks with interest. "How strange that it took a divorce and dating her divorce lawyer to finally make her happy."
Dean chugged down the rest of the water and staggered up to the bar and ordered another shot. He swigged it and then stumbled back to the table.
Sam was staring at Castiel, pity in his eyes. Dean's eyes met his and Sam just gave him a little nod, encouraging him to speak up. Dean had forgotten that he was able to communicate with his brother without speaking, just like he was with Jo, Charlie, and Castiel.
Charlie came over to them, clutching a bottle of bourbon. "You two aren't much for socializing, are you?" She asked, taking a swig from the bottle. She grinned at them, only slightly unsteady on her feet.
"You got a nervous tic or something, Cas?" He asked, laughing at himself.
Dean started to retort when his mother interrupted him.
Castiel had grabbed a hold of him with a fixed and strange stare that brought him back to earth and made him see what life had to offer him. Castiel had shown him the beauty of what had been in front of him all along. His family, his friends and the enormous amounts of love he had to offer them. Castiel had made him unafraid.
"I think so. I think… well, yeah. I do." He admitted.
"This is a mouthful, but here it goes. Cas, I love your messy hair. I love those bizarre eyes of yours and the way you stare at me with such wonder. I love how the first time I kissed you, you quoted Sylvia Plath. I love the breathy little sighs that escape your mouth when I'm kissing that sensitive spot on your shoulder. I love that you offered to draw my brother a birthday card. I love that you can wear fishnets and public and not give a shit. I love your mind, your wonderful, busy mind. I love the way you move. The way you speak. I love you, body, heart, and soul. I want you to know, no matter what happens, I would happily die for you a thousand times."
Dean held his breath, but nothing happened. Cas was fine. Mary, Jo and Sam didn't even seem to notice the twitch of Castiel's right eye, something that happened when he felt nervous. Dean knew his face well and had barely noticed it either.
"Jo." Gabe said, leering at her as she took off the coat, sporting the white bra and underwear set, with DAMMIT JANET emblazoned across her chest in red body paint. "Darling, you look positively mouthwatering."
his guardian angel, his rebel angel, his new partner in crime, and his friend. He was the guy whose mouth was literally centimeters from his and he was the guy who Dean wanted to kiss so badly that he was shaking.
"Well, okay." Castiel said. "I could probably help you. But you can't keep skipping it or running late for it. To understand social theory, you must be there to witness it. Unfortunately, that is truly the only way to understand classes made up by boring academics." He said dryly.
"Why isn't she at the hospital?" Dean asked, his voice shaking.
Dean cackled, his ego from the night before returning. "Straight A's." He boasted. Then he said it again, simply because he could. "I'm going to be Doctor Dean Winchester."
Dean squinted at Cas. He didn't realize that having sex with an angel could cause death, but he guess it made sense. An angel could burn out your eyes with one stare, so imagine what angel jizz could do. When that came to Dean's mind, he had to try to stop from laughing because the concept was strange, even for him.
Cas sniffed and ran a hand through his hair anxiously. The look on his face was a cross between devastation and surprise. This time he reached for Dean's hand.
"What mission?"
"Oh God, man, I am so sorry. I had no idea."
"Hey, don't forget how we met." Dean teased, elbowing him. "Am I brain dead?"
Charlie just looked shocked, but she quickly regained her composure and gave Castiel an easy grin. "Cas, I am so glad you started hanging out with us. I can't believe it took until our senior years to discover you."
Jo just continued grinning. Always cool under pressure when it came to her mother's veiled, yet good natured, homophobia.
Castiel's face was creased with worry and he looked unsteady. He was hunched over and his right eye was twitching. Dean glanced at his hands. He had both hands wrapped around his bottle and he was clutching it so tightly, his knuckles were white.
Castiel's face turned bright red. "Um. Okay."
Charlie actually looked like she was about to cry when he said that.
Dean went into the kitchen and began to do the dishes. His eyes prickled with tears. Things had been going so well. He thought this trip back to Kansas would end up being perfect, a treat. He thought things had changed. Before the mention of John Winchester, he thought this trip home would be the one that would keep him coming back.
"I've been here before." Castiel murmurs, his eyes darting back in forth. He looks down. He's in his vessel—or what appears to be his vessel—yet, he knows he's not on earth. "I'm in Heaven." He says in a shocked voice.
"Enough! I don't want to hear about my brother doing such things!" Jo said, sauntering into the room.
Holy shit. They've come for him. They've finally answered his prayers and they're killing him.
Sam waved him off. "Not in months and months, Dean."
"Balthazar. How nice of you to drop by. Your last visit was so helpful!" Cas said, trying his hand at sarcasm.
"You lived with your grandmother for five years? Couldn't you find her that way?"
"Cas! You fucking moron! What the fuck is wrong with you?" He screamed.
She had already hung up the phone.
Dean groaned inwardly and fell backwards on the bed. He knew he shouldn't have semi-yelled at Castiel, who had just been trying to help, but Sam and his familial problems were not Castiel's problem, nor were they his business. Castiel already had enough of his own baggage and taking on the issues Dean had with his family would be enough to send him spiraling, back down to the place where he'd been when Dean had first met him. Dean also didn't want him seeing how truly fucked up his family was.
"How's it going, Cas?" He asked, coming into the apartment.
Sam got serious. "Yeah, things have been quiet for awhile now. I haven't been seeing things, haven't even been hearing too much."
"Not everything. Not every detail." Dean said. "I wouldn't do that to you. He doesn't know about… things that happened. Just the basic stuff."
Last year, John Winchester had reappeared after weeks missing for Sam's 21st birthday. He had been drunk and had tried to take Sam out for his "first legal beer" even though Sam was expressly forbidden to consume alcohol because of his medication. The night had ended with Sam in the hospital for yet another 72-hour hold.
"Dean!" The guy said. "You are very, very intoxicated. The whiskey smell is seeping from your pores. Don't worry. I am not intoxicated. I will take you back to the hotel. I assure you, the Impala is safe."
"Yeah, Cas, don't you worry. Bobby and Ellen are like a second set of parents to us. They might seem a bit rough when you first meet them, but they're just like Jo." Dean said.
"Well, we're about to go on, so I relinquish this to you." She said, handing Dean the bottle. "Dean-o, I better see you out there shaking it in your speedo when we perform 'I Can Make You a Man', same goes for you Cas, when we perform 'Sweet Transvestite.'"
His mother sighed, but didn't push the subject. "Okay, well, I'll call you tomorrow. I can tell you don't feel like talking."
Castiel's head drops and if he could cry in Heaven, he would. Waves of shame and self-hatred, overtake his grace and as usual, he wishes he were dead. He feels nauseated, even though angels don't eat, don't have internal organs and shouldn't be able feel nauseated. He guesses that this is what self-loathing feels like.
"So, what's your poison?" Dean said, changing the subject.
Sam reached over and hugged him, literally lifting him off the ground. Dean choked for air. In the years of seeing Sam as a victim, he had forgotten how tall and strong his brother was.
"What?"
"Dean… I wouldn't call this easy. But if that is the case with the Devil's Traps, then we're on our way. I will go over the other cursory ingredients, then go pick anything else we might need up in town. Then…" Cas said.
"I adore Al Pacino. He is a wonderful character and I love his voice. I had a sister who loved him too." Cas said wistfully.
He chugged back the rest of his bourbon and the world slowly began to spin and his vision become milky and diluted. He ordered another drink because
"Yes. After what he did, I knew it was time. Or I thought I did." She said softly. She didn't elaborate on why and Dean was secretly glad, because he didn't feel like murdering anyone today.
"Dean, honestly, is doing this making you feel better?" He asked.
"You are ridiculous." Castiel said, laughing.
Dean stumbles out of the bedroom and presses the button that allows Sam to enter the apartment complex. He hears loud, stomping feet a minute later, indicating that the moose has arrived. Dean opens the door and all 6 feet 4 inches of Sam comes stumbling in, immediately wrapping him up into a tight hug
Dr. Sexy MD was performing an emergency quadruple bypass when Dean's mother called.
Castiel stares at it, his grace thrumming as heartbreak fills the core of his being. The copy looks exactly like Dean, sounded exactly like Dean, even mimicking his mannerisms down to Dean's smirk. This version of Dean currently has charred, blackened holes where his beautiful green eyes should be and the angel blade protrudes from his body, tilted at an unnatural angle. Castiel chokes and pulls the blade from his chest and falls back, unable to take his eyes from the body.
"Has dad…?"
"Well if Dean made it, remind me not to eat it." Sam said, rubbing his eyes.
"Cas, what the hell are you talking about?" Dean said hoarsely.
Sam sighed for the third time in five minutes. "She's a nurse; she knows the injuries don't require a hospital. She already had someone fix the shoulder."
Dean bent over and hoisted Cas over his shoulder, who let out a squeal. Working with cars had really done a lot for Dean's upper body and arm strength.
"God, Dean, are you trying to make me bawl?" He asked, sniffling.
Dean came over a minute later with Castiel, who was still staring at, well, everything intensely, the trench coat still swallowing him up.
He lay there for a long time. Things kind of went black and he wasn't sure how much time passed. He was sure he had a concussion. He might just die here, if the concussion and his other injuries were bad enough. He thought about it. The first few times he died he had been so scared. Then he started looking at death as something he'd always come back from because some supernatural creature always decided that it was not yet his time. He was sure his time had been up a long time ago. Sammy's too. He didn't know what the penalty was for always cheating death. He didn't care. If he was punished for cheating his own death, fine. For Sammy's? Even better. As he lay there, he fantasized about ways he'd get Sam out of the pit. Right now, he didn't know how he'd do it. He was sure the angels hated him now for averting their apocalypse and for trapping their leader in the cage. They were the only ones he knew of who could pull souls out of Hell. Some demons could, maybe, but there were no demons that would bring Sam back. He was no longer valuable to them. Ruby and Lilith were dead, and there purposes for Sam had been evil, they could have potentially brought him back. He was no longer Lucifer's vessel. Although Dean couldn't admit it out loud, he knew that there was nothing powerful enough that would want Sam to get out of Hell. Sure, the angels and demons might bring him back if Lucifer was attached, but Dean knew that was a price that Sam would kill him for making them pay.
"Heaven owe you a debt." Gabriel said. "Both of you."
Dean, despite being the overgrown man-child that he knew himself to be, had inadvertently done something similar for Castiel.
"It's not that bumfuck." Charlie said, looking a little offended. She was the only one at the table who was actually from Oregon.
"Star Wars is a children's film. They're there for the kiddos." Dean said.
"Sam is much deeper than you were, Dean. By pulling him out, we risk pulling Lucifer and Michael out too and that's a grave risk that we are not sure is worth facing. And with the war just ending… we are not sure we are up to the task." Balthazar said.
"And you didn't tell me?" Dean asked, feeling insulted.
Suddenly, another obnoxious voice broke up a moment between the two of them.
"I don't know why you're so insistent to enforce ridiculous norms about sleeping attire. You forget that I just recently started sleeping, so the concept seems absurd to me." Cas said, while taking off the trench coat and suit. He pulled the Stanford shirt over his frame and Sam had been so much taller than Cas that it swallowed him up.
"It means a lot that my family makes you lose sleep. I mean, I hate that you're losing sleep and worrying, but I don't know, it's really awesome that you care that much."
"You having fun, Cas?" He asked him as they wandered out into the living room.
"It was supposed to be a surprise." Castiel grumbles. "I was going to surprise you with breakfast, then tell you I'd paid for a plane ticket for Sam to come visit for a week."
"I do teach a section of the sociology version though- at least I am next semester. This one is simply called 'Social Theory' and I rather enjoy it." Castiel added.
Dean didn't know what to say, because he wasn't aware that he did that. That was something that Sam had always said he did. He called it "Dean's Sarcastic, Defensive, Macho Front." A few women Dean had dated had pointed it out as well. What was Cas, his brother? Was he a woman he was dating? After the last few days, Dean was disturbed at how blurry that line was becoming, though he'd never admit this to Cas. He had felt more comfortable and sure of his relationship with Castiel when he had been an evasive, asshole angel.
"Sam, it's after 5:30." Their mother said.
Dean shook his head. "It doesn't matter. Sam is nothing like him."
Jo swatted at him and took off running to the doors in the student center, laughing at him. Dean rolls his eyes. He didn't know what his teenage self had been thinking. It'd be idiotic to marry Jo.
"I was, though. But it was of my own volition. I chose to isolate, chose to do nothing but work and sit in this apartment alone, always sketching and watching movies, avoiding people like the plague." He said, sounding unhappy about it.
"Good. Someone should." Sam said, smiling at him.
"I know." Castiel said. "Everyone always notices that immediately. I guess these eyes run in the family."
Dean said.
"Because, Cas, everyone deserves to be around loved ones during this time of year. I'm staying here for Thanksgiving and Jo and I are going to make dinner, like we usually do, and
"Your martyr complex is infuriating and sometimes I want to kill you." He continued.
Not disagreeing with him, Dean did as he was told.
"My hands shake too much. I can never find a vein. "He muttered. "I can't even give myself a fucking injection."
The rest of the evening continued in this fashion, easy, light-hearted, and less wild than the Halloween party. As Dean sat around the table with Charlie's friends and later as more people from Plainville poured into Gabe's house and he, Charlie, Jo and Cas did a round of whiskey shots to commemorate the end of the year, he realized that he was going to miss this. Usually celebrating the end of the year was clichéd and pointless, but this really was the end of this chapter of his life.
"I'm okay, Cas. I promise. I've lost more blood than that before. Way more blood." He said.
"I was trying to be nice!" Castiel said. "She said she didn't want any gifts."
"Of course I didn't know, Dean!" He snapped, obviously offended by the insinuation. "I have been privy to as much information as you have been these last months. There is a specific spell for high ranking demons such as Crowley. I used it to summon Alastair."
He's a totally different person now. He wasn't even a person then. He gave up everything for you and he's the reason you're here right now.
Dean didn't respond. Dean was thinking that Ellen would hire Sam at the pub she managed because she knew him and no one else would hire him. Once again, he felt awful.
In Dean's mind, Castiel's reaction was ludicrous. He never imagined that he could make someone weep just by making them breakfast and coffee. He didn't say it out loud, but it made him like Castiel more.
"Really? Is that really why? You don't think I'm bad at this? Because you know I can-" Castiel said, turning to him.
"You know you can't keep punching me though." Dean said, semi-seriously.
"Cas, what happened there?" He murmured, breathing into his hairline.
"Yes, more than I can say. I just wish there was something I could do. Sam's always been there for her more than I have been, if you can believe it. The kid never judged her like I did. I think the only reason she asked me to go with her instead of him was because her lawyer is the guy who got him locked up the first time." Dean said.
Dean was sitting on his bed. For the last three hours, he'd been trying to study for the GRE, which he was taking for a second time in the beginning of December. His scores the first time had been good, but not great. He'd signed up for it again right after Halloween, when he'd been convinced that his life would be smooth sailing for awhile. As always, he'd been wrong.
"Drop it, Cas." Jo advised. She glanced at Dean. "Sorry for bringing it up." She said, with actual sincerity.
When Dean and Castiel finished telling Sam about all that had happened in the short four months he was gone, Dean was afraid he might have done his brother in, yet again. He was staring at them in open-mouthed shock.
Dean thought.
"No." Dean murmured. "Never, Cas. Let's at least talk to Crowley. See if there is anything else."
Castiel ambled over to the stereo. "Anything you feel like hearing? I have a very large music collection."
"Do you call Ash every day?" Dean retorted.
"You will?" Dean sat up, reenergized, ecstatic. "Oh God, Cas. Thank God. Thank you. But what about… everything you have here?" He asked, kicking himself mentally for asking the second part of the question.
"Don't ever call me Mr. Winchester, either. I'm not that old yet." Sam quipped.
He did not want to remember how Cas had asked him to torture Alastair. He didn't want to remember a time where Cas would ask him to do anything like that.
"It didn't feel like that way last night. If you don't want to be with me physically, then why are you bothering at all?"
"Dean, stop. Stop. This is too fast." He whispered.
Dean smiled at him, although the sight of him almost made him ill to his stomach because this was the man that had gotten Sam institutionalized. Dean knew it had been for the best, but the memories were not. Mary looked up slowly and Dean couldn't help but notice how red her cheeks were. Henriksen was smiling until he saw her face.
"Cas, is something bothering you? You seem like you're not having fun anymore." Charlie said.
son. But at least then, Sam was normal. He wasn't a fucking lunatic. When I turned 20, dude started seeing demons. Like literal fucking demons. Can you even imagine that? Isn't that kinda perfect though? A crazy guy seeing 'his demons'?" He said, slapping the table, laughing a little too hard.
"There has to be something, Crowley." He said desperately. "Come on."
"That's your car? It's beautiful." Castiel said softly.
"Let's take off tomorrow. Let's drive until we're out of this state. Park somewhere and find a case. I need a bloody hunt." Dean said, sitting on the edge of his bed.
"You and fucking Sam. You're both like girls. When Sam's mad at me, he pulls the same fucking shit." Dean said, laughing. He knew he was starting to get sloppy. He didn't care.
They talked for another 10 minutes, and then Sam had to leave to meet up with the Singers. Mary made him promise to "Skype" with them again on Sunday, so they could make plans for Dean's now-decided trip home. Dean closed the laptop and sighed.
When he hung up the phone, Castiel was giving him that usual curious stare of his. Dean couldn't stop thinking about how he looked like a bird, with that stare and that head tilt of his. He half expected him to sprout wings. Dean just watched him for a second and then suddenly his apartment felt small. Too small.
"Dean. He's going to do it! I was wrong. You were wrong. We were idiots to go to Crowley! I cannot believe it!" He reached down and grabbed Dean and twirled him around like they were at prom or something.
friend?" Sam said, raising an eyebrow.
After walking a few blocks, not paying too much attention, steam coming from his ears, Dean found a suitable dive bar to drown the last of his sorrows. The worn sign above the door read "the Skull" and judging by the motorcycles outside, he deduced that he'd probably be unlikely to encounter an attractive woman who'd be appalled by his stench and appearance. Dean wandered in, went straight to the bar and sat down on a rickety stool.
Dean stood up and went over to the beleaguered angel. They couldn't both have mental breakdowns tonight, or else they'd never get out of this town. He grabbed Cas by the shoulders and pulled him into a tight embrace. He rarely hugged dudes, but it seemed like the right thing to do right then.
"Jo! Sick!" Ash said. "You know I only go out there to smoke—" Ash stopped before he finished the sentence, realizing he had just outed himself.
Cas didn't come back for hours. Finally, Dean surrendered and went into town to look for him. Cas had his haunts. He was particularly fond of the library, the park, and the Salvation Army thrift store, where he had purchased three new trench coats. Unfortunately for Dean, Cas wasn't in any of those places. Dean called his cell phone multiple times and got no answer and Dean began to worry. What if Cas had been right about his soul? What if Dean had been wrong and Crowley had gotten angry enough to send demons after him?
A fourth copy appears in front of Castiel and Naomi makes the angel blade disappear, this time forcing Castiel to kill him with his bare hands.
"Cas! Man, you don't sleep in bed with other dudes! I'm all for you sleeping, but not next to me!" Dean cried rolling over on his back.
Sam nodded. "I think I can handle that." He said slowly.
"What are you drawing?"
You're just sitting here, completely trashed, insulting one of the people who cares about you the most. Your mother
"Really now?" Jo said. "Cas, I never would have guessed!"
