“No need for useless information,” John finished lamely, hearing it all before. They turned down the hallway. Voices drifted from the classrooms. “So what did you find?”
A/N: The next few chapter will be case-heavy, with some domestic fluff thrown in. Now, I looked at Google maps for the location of the place- but please send me a message if it needs correcting. Thank you for all the bookmarks/comments/ and kudos. Each one gives me writing life. I'm hoping to have this story wrapped up before the New Year with at least 40 chapters. Another thank you my beta: Whitehart, for clearing up my chapters. Thanks again!
“Since when do you have a usual? You don’t normally eat.”
“You are the worst kind of distraction, John. A very tempting one and within arms reach. I would gladly fall for this distraction but if I do, our discussion would lead elsewhere. Mycroft had more to say.”
Together.
Mycroft placed his empty cup on the tea tray, and stood, pulling his suit jacket down to straighten the wrinkles. John looked between each brother, wondering what that conversation was about.
“Text.”
John grinned at the detective. “Try not to do anything to London while we are living here, yeah?”
“We are done here, Lestrade. You have witnesses, and your criminal for your case,” stated Sherlock, breaking the silence with the chair scraping against the floor. Sherlock’s belstaff swirled behind him as he headed for the door.
“He knows, Mycroft.”
“I’ve seen a bit of staring,” murmured Molly as John walked over to the door and yanked it open. He pointed out the door, “Molly, how about we grab a coffee while he tries to put pieces together.”
Sherlock snorted. “You’re more likely to bust your head, John.”
“His best people,” corrected Sherlock.
‘Sherlock?’
“Forget the condom.”
John paused on the stairs to call back, “It’s probably Lestrade. He has been trying to get ahold of you. He found positive ID for the victims!”
“Lestrade, yes. The cabbie, no. ”
- John returned to the red car and thankfully found a spare key magnet container under the bonnet. He quickly snatched it up, popping it open to find blessed spare key he had been hoping for. He slipped the key container into the dressing gown pocket. Next time, John was definitely going to take Sherlock up on his offer for hot wiring lessons.
Sherlock first took out all the women and then all the married men (easy enough to work out from their tax forms).  It would be foolish to eliminate them completely, but the odds were against them being serial killers. On the other hand, maybe a jealous woman, infertile perhaps?...still unlikely, most women lacked the strength to choke another adult to death with their bare hands. He’d come back to the women later if nothing panned out with the single men. He now had eleven files, statistically a higher than average percentage, although maybe not if you took into account that many were likely divorced. One or two were probably gay. Sherlock considered working out which ones these were and putting them at the bottom of the pile, but that would take time. Might as well start at the top and work his way through.
I--I--” and then abruptly bucked and spasmed, his body bowing in a stiff arc as he cried out voicelessly. John felt the warmth pulsing over his own groin, had a moment’s confusion, then realized in a flash of heat: Sherlock had climaxed,
1) The first medical school for women in the world was established in Philadelphia in 1850 (supported, of course, by those notorious 19th century lefty badasses, the Quakers). While medical schools in England, Ireland and Scotland established colleges for women later in the century, access to clinical training was severely limited. This was less of a problem in America due to the burgeoning (poor) population.
“Mrs. Reilly,” Lestrade said, stepping into the foyer. “I’ve brought the consultant I mentioned. Sh—er, do you want to go up?”
In the car, Sherlock let his head thump back against the seat and closed his eyes. He heard Watson saying something as he started the car but didn’t bother to listen. Too focused on what, exactly, Moriarty could be playing at. There was no need to have maneuvered Lestrade into bringing Sherlock in: a few discreet hints about his jealous housekeeper and Lestrade would surely have worked it out on his own; he wasn’t entirely dim. So why…?
John looked up just as Sherlock leaped to his feet, grinning like a maniac and clutching Lestrade’s phone.
“Yeah, I did, after I got my head out of my arse,” John admitted. “Not like that though, and not the first time. That fantasy stayed a fantasy. My real first time was with a boy younger than me, just come to uni.” His name had been Jamie, John remembered, feeling a wave of affectionate nostalgia; big blue eyes, slender, slight and wispy. “God, we were so nervous. Almost as nervous as my first time with a girl and a lot more drunk.”  Sherlock shifted beside him and John asked, “What about you? What was your first time like?”
“I brought you tea and biscuits in case you were hungry.” She paused and looked up at John. “I know Sherlock doesn’t like to eat during cases, John, but I stopped by the shop, and bought the expensive ones because I know you’ll enjoy them. Maybe you’ll convince him to have a nibble with his afternoon tea.”
John ignored him. The flick of Sherlock’s eyes and the heated blush that followed it told him otherwise. He finished unbuttoning the stupidly tight shirt, and he pushed it from Sherlock’s shoulders. It fell to the floor.
John leaned his forehead harder against Sherlock’s shoulder and barely whispered, “That is lovely but-”
“You don’t care about people or their stories,” chimed John flatly. “What’s this really about?”
John pulled the pan away from the stovetop, pale fingers brushed over his wooly sweater. “And now? Do you see me with your own eyes?”
Moving to the bathtub faucet, John turned the knobs until a steady stream of water splashed at the bottom. He closed the drain when the water was perfect and a hot steam started to drift through the room. He stripped efficiently, folding his clothes as he disrobed. Gingerly, he sank into the water, hissing at the temperature before relaxing entirely. His eyes drifted closed, he dunked underwater, wetting his hair, and enjoying the peace.
He left Sherlock stunned at the door and went downstairs. A loud groan left his throat when he stepped foot on the pavement. A black car was parked outside. It was true then. Mention Mycroft’s name and he’s summoned. John was set to ignore it and walk by when the car door opened.
“Have you tried asking him?”
“My water broke afterwards.”
“He’s killed three people, only one being a stripper.”
“It varies between wankers who don’t listen, or wankers who chose not to listen,” Lestrade answered, and then he motioned at John’s gun as he drew his own. “You shouldn’t have that out. You’re acting as a doctor, not an officer.”
It had crossed his mind once or twice to say something, especially that one afternoon with the wine bottle in hand as he walked into Sherlock’s room. Then he never had the chance before Sherlock’s stunt that spiraled John into years of grieving. Afterwards, with Mary, he had placed a wall around his heart, so he wouldn’t ever get attached again.
“The female worked here, judging by how little clothing she had on at the time of her murder. Her feet were blistered from the heels she was wearing during her shift. She got spilled on her left side with beer. The two men could have been her clients. Too many possibilities with them, I don’t have enough data to figure it out...yet.”
John quickly removed the rest of his clothes, and padded down the hallway naked. He found Sherlock had taken off his suit jacket in the midst of putting it away when John crossed the threshold with a grin. “We’re not?”
But he was still reeling from Sherlock’s confession, partly because he knew that he should have said something back that was more profound, more meaningful to the both of them, things that he should have said a long time ago, and never did.
“Greg,” greeted John. The inspector pinched the bridge of his nose and waved them through. His grey hair shone like bright silver in the sunlight as they walked past police cars and other officers.
“Shut up both of you!”
“What?”
“You hesitated, Mary.”
“You still don’t know what this is, do you?” spat the suspect. “This is only a small part of it.”
“The last message of Mr. Hageman before he was killed at New Scotland Yard.”
“Yes.”
“Wow. You’re still…open, wet…So hot.” John continued to trace his fingers around the hole, murmured sweet nothings against Sherlock’s thigh.
“It’s an experiment,” Sherlock stated before John could pull one out of a hat and finish explaining. “I was tracking his circadian rhythms.”
The rest of John’s question disappeared against the blundering tongue in his mouth. He didn’t fight against the overwhelming muscle at the uncomfortable angle. Instead, John grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder, fixed another hand in the darkened strands, tilting Sherlock’s head ever so slightly down and to the right. Sherlock’s mouth slotted perfectly on his, John groaned at the sensation. He pulled Sherlock’s neck down, returning the kiss with equal fervor, eliciting a hum from the detective.
And John did.
He didn’t need clarification of Sherlock’s remark. That was his answer. John smiled down at Sherlock. The confident man who had snogged him in the kitchen this morning was completely different under his hands. Two pale rose blemishes stained Sherlock’s cheeks. A reddish flush painted over his graceful neck. Grey-blue eyes flickered at him, going between looking at John’s eyes and mouth. Nervousness, eagerness, perhaps a bit of trepidation. John had some reservations when Sherlock had flippantly said that the attraction and fondness was mutual. Now, under his hands, John understood. Because he knew how it felt. Utterly. Completely.
All John could do was nod desperately and try his best not to orgasm before they had a chance to move together. He was breathing harder every time Sherlock slid up and down. His insides were so slick, John’s earlier worries had gone out the window. But he started to wonder what Sherlock did to himself. His mind started imagining Sherlock fingering himself open… in the bath, or over the sink, or in bed?
In seconds, John braced as he saw the middle of the bonnet aimed straight towards the light post. There was a horrible metal crunch. For a second, John felt as though he was back in Afghanistan. He could feel the hot desert sun, taste the grit of sand, and hear the screams of his comrades from a surprise IED. John blinked, still dazed. But the desert disappeared, along with the rest of the war flashback, triggered from the crash.
The door clicked shut before John could counter it. He smiled. Even if his bank account were going to take the hit, next time, he would get Greg good and pissed. Then send him to Mycroft. He would have to record a video of it. That would be fantastic. John turned around and went upstairs.
The detective inspector nodded, and grinned. “I’ll let Myc know, it’s difficult to be infatuated with them. They can make you all sorts of mental. I’m going to be late if I don’t get going. Pints on you next time.”
“Where are the mobile numbers?” Sherlock asked hastily. Large hands fixed on his shoulders, rooting him in place. John knew that familiar tone, it was the very same one that Sherlock had when he thought of a breakthrough on a case. John shrugged his shoulders; Sherlock’s hands heavy underneath.
Enough. In the old days he might have fled the feeling with drugs, but that was not an option now, and anyway he had a better method. Sherlock turned to his suitcase and pulled out the running shoes.
that slick sensation of Rowan teasing his cock, jerking him fast and then slowing just as he got close, maddeningly slow—he
Mrs. Hudson appeared with a heavily laden tea tray at this juncture. “Really, Sherlock, lungs? I don’t know how you can eat with such things on the wall…oh, thank you, Maya dear, aren’t those lovely! You always pick out such a pretty bouquet. And you for thinking of it,” she added hurriedly at Sherlock’s glare.
“Bit of both, I think. It was dreadful being trapped at home with him though. Why didn’t you meet me at the orchard?”
Effie hesitated and then perched awkwardly on the edge of the bed, automatically smoothing and folding the robe in her lap. “I wasn’t able to serve at dinner, Mrs. Hudson had the footmen do it as there weren’t any ladies present. But I got the footmen talking in the kitchen. They said the Eyes are going to crack down on some of the smugglers and the black marketers now that rations will be loosening up, and Commander Pitts wants to be sure that the stories make the Eyes sound good.”
Sherlock just needed to stall Moriarty long enough for John to find and take out the sniper. He pulled out his own phone again “Can I tell my brother? He’ll be furious he missed this.”
Sherlock thought, “—women and lying to them to get to Sherlock. I could have one give you a call if you like.” Oh, brilliant John, the woman actually seemed to be listening to him. “If you wouldn’t mind telling me—what’s your interest in Sherlock? I mean, is there a reason you’re looking into our lives here besides to pander cheap gossip?”
“I know, I never mean to, I just drink a couple beers and then—hey.” John removed his work ID from where Lily had pulled it triumphantly from his breast pocket. “You’re getting as bad as Uncle Sherlock. Go bang some pots.”
“No,” Sherlock said simply. “You haven’t.”
“Mr. Mirzayev said to thank you for your brave service,” the young woman said shyly.
“You want me to bag them?” The officer leaned over to look. “You said she was a waitress, right? Stands to reason there’d be crumbs.”
Before he did, though, there was one last thing he had to do. Sherlock carefully unfolded himself from the floor and found his phone, which he used to send a short message to Mycroft.
“Then they’re not legally married. John and Mary.”
“They asked me to hide them in case it turned out to be true.”
“I could get you some pomace,” John said. “I’ll be your assistant. Leave me some of your envelopes, and tell me what you want to write down--do you want the pomace to dry first?”
“I don’t want an ambulance,” Sherlock said.
When they were back at the abbey John asked, “Do you want to talk about it?” and Sherlock threw him a look strikingly reminiscent of Mycroft’s
“Yes, very helpful, Reilly.” Sherlock appeared over the lab bench, having apparently finished off his coffee. “What do you think, John?”
“Shopping,” Hobbes said, dropping her bag onto the table. Donovan, who had one as well, set hers down next to it and began pulling things out.
The door opened.
and Sherlock moaned and pressed harder against him.
“It may be too late for that.” Mycroft sat forward, all business now. “There’s a reporter sniffing around from one of the tabloids. She turned up at our parents’ asking all sorts of questions about things she shouldn’t have been able to find out. She ran into Mummy first, fortunately.”
John handed his phone back and Sherlock took it silently. “Anna said she’d been depressed for years,” he said quietly. “She’d hoped university would be a fresh start, but she was very shy, and she didn’t have a lot of friends.”
Sherlock ate the cake slowly, savoring the sweetness and licking every crumb off his fingers. “I don’t have a present for you. I was going to have a bottle of that wine to celebrate setting my plan in action—I could tell you liked it.”
about. It had never crossed his mind. Until it happened.
“Biscuit?” Sherlock said haughtily, thrusting the packet toward John. His hands were shaking too badly to open it.
That seemed straightforward enough. “So now…”
“Sherlock?” John whispered. “Sherlock?” He was shaking, bound to his chair in the dark. The gurgling went on. Lightning flashed, but in the brief illumination John saw no one. It was as though he were alone in the room.
“Yes.”
Sherlock was now thoroughly confused. “Who?”
better. You need to show off that arse! You’ll need trainers but I’ve loads, I think we’re about the same size, so you can have one of my old pairs.”
“That’s just as well,” Sherlock said, muffled against the side of his head. “Because now we’re a complete sticky wreck and we’re going to have to get up and argue about the shower, so no one is going to be admiring the view any more today.”
“No, don’t. Leave it off,” Sherlock said.
“Girlfriend,” Sherlock said, laughing in sheer delight. “You’re lucky he didn’t ask to meet her. We’re not really going to lunch, are we?”
“Where?”
Of course Sherlock had got it right. The boots were a perfect fit, and even in the dim light John could tell they were far nicer than any he had ever owned. “These are lovely.”
“Yes of course, but it will look like favoritism. And that can cause ill feeling.”
Bit hard to deny it’s just a drunken bit of fun if you’re kissing.”
“Did you see it?” John asked breathlessly as soon as they were safely rattling away in a cab.
Sherlock stopped breathing.
“We should do this after every case,” John panted, coming up for air after sucking a bruise under Sherlock’s collar.
“Seref.”
Her mother scolded her for being forward, but not very vigorously. It was true enough. Sunday at church, John watched the family filing up to their pew and felt a spike of mean pleasure: Sherlock, elegant and slim in his perfectly tailored Paris suit, made Sebastian look more than ever like an ill-dressed, hulking toad. He spent the rest of the service guiltily praying for forgiveness.
“Someone else? Someone he was meeting?” Abruptly John thought of the man who had been arrested the previous winter, and hoped the dim light hid his blush. “A woman, whose family might not approve?”
“At a guess, something caused a tonic reaction—extension of every muscle in the body. That would account for the facial expression. But I’ve no idea what could cause that. Or how it killed him—it wasn’t respiratory paralysis, that’s clear enough.”
Dr. Woodcourt agreed. “Stephen is really doing well,” he told John after rounds. “I think he could safely return to the school if we had some assurance he would not be sent back to the laundry.”
But John grinned at him. “I
Sherlock sighed. “Beerman’s brother-in-law P.J. was the bagman. He shot Levon Singleton, because he was a hotheaded imbecile—you have got that much, right? So Beerman had to cover it up.” He glanced at Harmon with his eyebrows raised; Harmon would have to tell this bit.
“No, just the first month or so—seven or eight weeks counting Germany, I suppose. He’s been taking some time off, recovering.”
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped, coming down. “Ohhhh.” His hands were on his face, in his hair; he was still shuddering.
.” When Sherlock just blinked at him again—well, at least he was making eye contact---John said, “Okay, let’s switch tactics. We’re going to play Hot or Not. I’ll say a name, and you say if you find that person hot. Attractive. Sexually.”
“Mary Morstan. Specifically, what I knew of her true identity and how long I had known it.”
“Do you need a place to stay?” Sherlock said. “Because I’ve got an extra bedroom.”
Sherlock’s relationship with Tiernan the Tenor lasted until they left school. Tiernan was clever enough if not brilliant in the way Sherlock was, and, true, he was a little cocky and arrogant, but he had a deep and abiding love of music that surpassed even Sherlock’s own, and overall Sherlock did not find him completely tiresome. Also he was a terrific shag, once he was trained up properly.
“I’m not, but I’m to go to the station from work—might not make the train else. So I’ll take my bag along with me tomorrow.”
The servants’ Christmas was quiet that year as there was no family in residence, so they had their festive tea a bit earlier than usual. Everyone was impatient for the box.
“Does that feel good?” John crooned. He reached up to kiss Sherlock, keeping up a slow, sliding rhythm. “You’re so warm in there. I can’t wait to have my cock in you. Do you want me to touch that place you like?” He turned his finger, seeking, and felt the change in texture just as Sherlock jolted and shuddered. “Oh, I’m going to make you feel so good, I’m going to push into that spot with my cock whilst I take you in my hand…”
The plums
For the first time Sherlock wondered if there was a darker reason behind his disinterest. Had he deleted something, some horrific childhood abuse that John’s kiss had dredged up? He prodded gingerly at the thought, like testing a sore tooth, but there was no resonance there. No. Nothing had happened to him, nothing like in the dream, anyway.
There were no available fights out of Houston that night, but Sherlock was able to get a connection in Atlanta (“Of course you can. Everyone connects in Atlanta—they say when you die that’s where you get sent to heaven or hell,” Roz said) and made it onto the plane in Houston with minutes to spare. He had a three hour layover in Atlanta, of course. Sherlock was literally pulling his hair out by the time he landed in Atlanta—he had fisted his hands in it so often and so tightly that every time he let go several dark curly strands clung to his fingers—and Mycroft was still refusing to tell him anything illuminating. On balance, he decided that Roz had had the right idea earlier. He strode off the plane and headed straight to the nearest bar.
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled in a ghost of his beautiful smile. “True.”
“I had Teddy. When I thought you’d been with Pip. I was angry and jealous and I...I got drunk and I had him. It was dreadful and wrong and I hated myself for it and I don’t want to keep it from you anymore. I’m sorry.”
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock said, stealing a glance at the clock. Would this session ever end?  His face was beginning to hurt.
, he’s gone, the car’s missing, we can’t raise them, I’m going to—“
Dressed, Sherlock wiped a spot clear in the steamy bathroom mirror and carefully finger-combed his hair forward so that his curls covered the tag. The lack of product on a damp summer evening would render his hair thick and frizzy, which could only help. Caro had brought him a razor as well and when he was fully finished he stared at his reflection for a long time; the convent had no mirrors, and it seemed years since he had seen himself. His face seemed thin and haunted. Turning, he caught a flash of red through his hair and felt a sudden stab of vicious hatred, so strong he only barely stopped himself from ripping the tag right through his ear.
“I mean he was literally sniffing,” the dark-haired young woman standing by the bank of crime-scene lights said, glaring at a young man who was handcuffed next to her. “Bloody creepy.”
Sherlock glowered. “I knew we should have—“
“Check it anyway,” John said stubbornly. “Text your assistant, Anthea or whoever it is this month, and have them find out. The war memorial in Regent’s Park.”
“What sort of remodeling?” Sherlock said suspiciously.
Sherlock placed the phone carefully on the desk and looked up to see Hobbes sitting perfectly still, watching him wide-eyed. “You need to clear out,” he told her.
“Oh.” Sherlock looked over as though he had forgotten John was there. “Last fall someone stole chickens from old Widow Turner. The thief had climbed through a small window and there was a band of gypsies camping on the green at the time, so suspicion fell on them and some of the children were actually arrested. Which was ridiculous, as there were clear footprints at the chicken coop made by someone wearing muddy boots, and of course the gypsy children had no shoes. I explained this to the inspector, but he wasn’t inclined to listen to me, especially as he and his men had trampled the coop so thoroughly that no footprints remained to be seen. Fortunately, there was a clear print on the windowsill and some of the mud had dried. When I looked at the mud through my magnifying glass, I could see there were bits of chaff and flour caught in it.” He paused and looked at John expectantly.
and it took a few moments of deep breathing and listening to the reassuring sounds of meaningless clatter from downstairs for him to calm down. His second thought was to get breakfast before Sherlock could drag him out chasing clues. He was in the kitchen, reaching for a pan, before the extra presence in the lounge registered. “Morning, Mycroft,” he said, blinking a bit—the full Mycroft was a bit overwhelming first thing in the morning. “Coffee?”
He’d known he would be, but could not help the little spike of pride that went through him at the sight of it. He gave her his most ingratiating smile. “Deserves a reward, don’t you think?”
“But either she wasn’t able to persuade the king or he’s being kept silent by the military,” John said. “So we’ve got to assume he’s no help to us.” He did not look at Sherlock, who knew they were both avoiding thinking about what might have happened to Molly and Irene.
“I think Harry’s introducing him to my date,” John said drily and they both burst into giggles.
The “real” timeline in this fic was meant to parallel ACD canon, so John and Sherlock would be together for years before Sherlock gradually closed the net around Moriarty, and they would then meet at the Reichenbach Falls. In the universe of this fic Moriarty realized the trap he was in at the same point as Moriarty in ACD canon, and he went back in time using Trevor’s device to the moment at which he felt Sherlock had really become a problem for him: the three cases at the start of TRF (the painting, the banker, and Peter Ricoletti). But being at least three-fourths crazy anyway, the temporal displacement effect undid him completely, so he killed himself, and the universe promptly went to hell in a handbasket.
“Keep that up and I’ll clamber all over you when my water breaks,” Mary said. “We’ll have an early night tonight, shall we?”
,” John said wearily, picking up the broom and taking a step toward the lounge.
John pocketed the little jar, thinking for some reason, of Brother Bathsheba: omegas loved sweets, didn’t they? Maybe he could use this as an in, find out what the ancillus had been doing snooping around…still, he hadn’t come here to collect treats. “All right. But I’m not here for marmalade. I heard you had something special.”
when Sherlock took a prim sip of his wine—God, he was half under the table already, he was such a lightweight—and said, “I’m certainly more a maid than Janine,” and Mary thumped her head right down on the table, laughing too hard to even breathe.
“I’m not little,” Sherlock said indignantly and then in a rush, “Your playing was brilliant.”
“What d’you say?” John asked, genuinely curious.
learn to hold his tongue—but to his surprise John began to laugh. Sherlock was so startled that he looked up automatically and met John’s eyes in the mirror, warm and crinkled and not angry at all, and he couldn’t help smiling in return.
John said.
“I found out something else though,” Effie went on. “I look through everything I can when I clean the Commander’s rooms, and I found some papers from his solicitor. He’s been given an estate.”
The man slid the box across the case and asked, “What account?”
All thrown away so that you can have your happy little family with your beloved and no doubt deserving wife. Sherlock viewed that as a worthy bargain. You will forgive me if I do not.”
“Oh yeah? What posi—“
“You said you had a question,” he said, emphasizing the singular. They were back in his office near the labs, sitting in front of his large desk while Willfen himself leaned back in an enormous master-of-the-universe leather chair as though their presence bored him beyond endurance.
“It’s not only the king who finds sleep hard to come by,” the prince said, taking another draught of wine. “The same is true of many in the court. I suppose you have no such difficulty, spending all day at work outdoors as you do.”
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, fingers steepled in front of him, staring into space. He’d clearly shaved and showered again and was impeccably dressed in one of his crisp dark suits, a transparently self-protective move that did not abate John’s anger one iota. John set a well-sugared mug of tea beside him, sat down in his own chair, and said, “We have to talk.”
That was a good point. They separated at Sherlock’s house and Sherlock, sweeping past Phillips, said to him, “Need a word with Mrs. Turner, Phillips.”
“Ah.” John scratched his head. “Well, there’s back to back, with people you don’t know well; that’s how we did it at the Chase mostly; or head to toe if it’s very crowded; or back to front, like family. It’d be your back to my front, as I’m bigger.”
“Ten minutes!”
“Were you always so handsy before?”
A/N: Leave feedback as you wish, or yell at me about another cliffhanger. I love those :)
“Obviously.”
“Distracting,” answered Sherlock. “but not unwanted.”
Sherlock’s voice held zero hints of swinging into a mood. Or annoyance. In fact, it carried the same flirtations as John’s. His flirtations wasn’t being rejected despite Sherlock’s absolute focus was on the case. John’s other hand slid down, over Sherlock’s pectoral and into his suit jacket as the mobile trilled again.
“Yeah, Sherlock?”
The fear of losing their friendship. The fear of losing Sherlock again. John just got a handle on his attraction to him. Was it too soon to feel that something again? John stared at the floor. They had both been flirting, teasing and Sherlock had responded to John’s boldness. Perhaps, he was towing the line that they had silently agreed to. Perhaps this would be a step over it.
For the last two months, he had been with Sherlock, chasing leads, finding dead ends, and carrying a cloud of tiredness on his back. Which apparently showed on his face today since Sarah turned him away from his shift at the clinic this morning. It wasn’t just physical exhaustion, his time in the military had trained him for that, but the exhaustion of knowing nothing of Mary’s whereabouts, or why she left. It had been another afternoon, and she had told him she was meeting someone for lunch. John had kissed her goodbye, and returned home from the clinic to find her abandoned wedding ring on her bedside table.
“John.” Sherlock held his palm on John’s cheek, “You’re thinking too loud. Focus.”
The arm John deflected earlier grabbed the side of John’s face, trying to push him into the plastic remains from the airbag. John sent another fist, and aimed. A howl of pain followed the audible crack in Moran’s elbow as John broke it.
Lestrade realised there was no winning in this argument, especially with John’s gun in hand. Instead, he handed John a torch and waved at the door. “Either way, I don’t fancy telling Sherlock I got you killed. Try not to let that happen. And put the gun away when the others get here.”
“We crashed you barmy fucker!” shouted Moran with a wheeze. “I lost it when I was trying to keep my prick from burning!”
“Not your best logical leap, John. But yes. We also know something else.”
John brightened. “Good then?”
“And how many bullets for the men, John?” Sherlock questioned, his coat collar flipped upwards as he joined them by the red post. Before John could answer his question, Sherlock continued with his deductions.
“I’m a widow of a drug dealer, John Watson. This certainly isn’t my first time being kidnapped.”
She shook her head, shrugging. “I don’t know. I doubt it considering Moriarty doesn’t have you as bait yet. I wouldn’t set up the plan without the bait.”
“Yes, I know, which draws me to the conclusion that it’s something about this,” Sherlock motioned down his body, and his eyes narrowed at John. “That’s upsetting you.”
“Of course you don’t,” John retorted sarcastically as he went about his bedroom in the dark. He rummaged for clean clothing. “You probably know it already, but Sherlock’s excuse was utter shit. Him and I…are together now. We haven’t said what we are but we are something.”
“Home,” answered Sherlock at the same time.
‘He sees you.’
Chapter 3
The consulting criminal’s hair was slicked back and there were scars from what John could see but the pleased gleam in his eyes was unmistakable. John marched forward in disbelief, the black shoes slapped against tile, much like shock slapped John despite seeing the man in the flesh.
“I’m serious. Not another word, Mycroft.”
“What brings you here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I haven’t said a word!”
John would have found his protest more believable if Sherlock’s cheekbones didn’t burst into a full blush. He shrugged innocently. He hadn’t meant for Sherlock fall down. To rile him up a bit, yes. Injured, no.
John shook his head. He turned the taps and shut off the water. “You were impatient once, Sherlock. You’re lucky you didn’t hurt yourself. I’m not going to touch you again without lube-”
John saw a flicker of something over Sherlock’s face.
One of the faces called out to him from the alley. “Hey Doc, you got the time?”
From the corner of his eyes, John noticed Kitty, and immediately slowed down while staring at her, seeing red. She was still working as a reporter after all that nonsense she pulled?  John could not hold Sherlock’s hand anymore tighter than he possibly could, even upon seeing her. He muttered the mantra of ‘no comment’ over and over again as he pulled Sherlock into the Yard.
Before he could protest, Sherlock burst through the door, just as John predicted he would. He leaned against the wall next to the door, trying to hear pinpoints of the low conversation, waiting for a shout, a curse, or even a slap. Nothing came; instead, there was a familiar sound of hasty footsteps and rustling fabric. Sherlock came out of the office. The door clicked shut behind him as he stepped away from the glass. John pushed himself from the wall.
Instead it was a close up a young man, with frightened wide eyes, tape over his mouth, and tied to a chair- or John assumed he was, judging from how the young man wasn’t getting up and running. A sunglass-clad man perched behind the chair with a cigarette hung from his lip, and a hand fixed on the tied man’s head. The light hung above them, John could see the gleam of metal in the man’s other hand. A knife? A gun?
It took the detective two tries then Sherlock responded in a raspy voice. “ Terrible idea. I waited. We didn’t have penetrative sex so that was the delayed gratification. Not good?”
Sherlock let out a deep groan as John slid in deeper. He paused when Sherlock shuddered under his hands, feeling a wall of muscle pushing against his thrusts. He paused, waiting for the detective to get used to his size once more.
“Then where did he go?”
“You already committed adultery this morning. I won’t wait any longer.”
“Or the bells of heaven while you were sucking my cock.”
“Hungry?” John asked and stood up from the edge of the bed. He angled away from Sherlock to adjust himself quickly. Tight pants and trousers were troublesome when it came to matters below the belt. Kissing Sherlock was one of those things. He flipped his button down shirt over his shoulders, and straightened the wrinkles out of the front. John turned, carted his hand through Sherlock’s hair, and marvelled at the way that the detective’s eyes fluttered closed. John gave Sherlock a gentle kiss. “How about early take-out, maybe the curry stuff you liked last time?”
He stared at the pile of clothes at his feet, considering calling or texting Mycroft of this new development regardless of his anger. Or possibly question what ‘this’ was all about. The blackmail, he and Mycroft can duke it out later. There was the last possibly that he hadn’t considered yet. Downstairs, somewhere, in the sitting room. Maybe, the note hadn’t made it to his pocket, but onto the floor, blending in with all the other odds and ins inside of the flat.
“Good bye, Mrs. Hudson,” shouted Sherlock.
“Waited for a weakness,” finished the inspector, completely ignoring the other two men. John patted Lestrade’s shoulder sympathetically.
‘Kill Isaac Spoo. 48 Hours. Or Sherlock Holmes is next.’
“Mrs. Hudson! I wasn’t-”
“I’m hoping you mean figuratively.”
John chose his words carefully, gauging the look on the scarred individual before him. “You may match him in ways that I’ll never fathom, Moriarty. But I’m the one he chose; maybe Sherlock needs more of the ordinary than you think.”
Molly only nodded wordlessly. He took another sip before setting off to the morgue with Sherlock’s cup in hand. His pocket buzzed. He paused in mid-sip, pulling away from the liquid caffeine with a groan. John motioned toward Sherlock’s cup.
Good thing he was armed.
John’s face contoured with frustration, and a growl spilled from his throat as he remembered Issac Spoo and Douglas Hageman. Both men deserved to answer for their crimes legally, but this man had made it impossible. Moran probably wouldn’t hesitate to shoot John. Just as John wouldn’t hesitate to shoot Moran. A list of possible scenarios went through John’s head. The soldier side of him that he had hid away from London came back to life. All of it came to naught. There was not enough time. John knew, and from the way Moran looked at him, he knew that too.
John rolled his eyes. “Fine, your ‘not-panic’ attack worries me. I’ve seen you worked up before but…”
John accidently bit his tongue and held his breath when traffic started to part, and the car wedged between narrow spaces growing at a rapid speed. When the car was free from traffic, the view outside began to blur. John knew that they were in a rush but Christ! He didn’t want to die. Lestrade’s madman driving skills may be the end of him. He should not mention this to Sherlock and give the detective the satisfaction of being right about his deductions on Lestrade’s driving.
John rolled his eyes. “What’s the plan?”
John saw the cabbie roll his eyes. “You seem in a hurry. I’m not going to argue.”
He swallowed a few more sips of coffee before starting down the hallway. Molly called after him, “And the case? What about Sherlock?”
A/N: And moving forward another chapter for motivation summer. I want to thank you for the comments/kudos/bookmarks. They keep me forward in this story. There is a reference to a polyamorous relationship- more will be build on that in later chapters. If the pairing is not to your liking, the references to the relationship is not important to the overall JohnLock story and can be skipped. But I thought Molly needed some extra love! I want to give a shout to my beta, who makes this story 100x better!
“Hello John,” she greeted. “You and I have a bit to chat about.”
“Excuse me?”
“John…dear.”
“So early?”
“What else?”
“Tension in your shoulders, the unconscious grasping of your fist around the spatula, and uneven footing suggests either anger or pain in your body language. Did you dislike referring to my fake suicide in the context of the criminal last night?”
There was a deep chuckle, footsteps, and the telltale familiar sound of a zipper dragging downwards. Then a gasp, followed by a pleased groan.
John turned his head, going to go look, but pressed his eyes shut, gasping when Sherlock’s mouth fixed over his pulse point. He hummed in pleasure. “That’s a bit not fair.”
He blinked several times, wondering if Sherlock had before… or when. John rolled over, propped up on his elbow and tugged the sheet off Sherlock’s head, earning a pouty frown from Sherlock.
As intelligent as Mycroft was, there was a bit of resentment there, and he sure wasn’t using common sense or any other sense for that matter. Sherlock needed to know about this current situation with Moriarty. Mycroft wasn’t there in the flat, watching the taller man inspect their possessions like a madman chasing ghosts. Mycroft wasn’t there in person to see what Moriarty’s ghost did to Sherlock. As it turns out, the criminal consultant may not be a ghost after all, and could torture Sherlock again.
“You can’t help the dead,” the nameless man retorted flatly. There was something in the voice and set of the shoulders that triggered John into knowing. He knew what was going to happen next. Instead of being on the pavement, he was on the roof, watching it unfold. John broke off into a sprint, knowing that Sherlock was doing the same, trying to catch the man disappearing in a swan dive over the edge. All John could see was Sherlock…falling….
“So, the kiss was a thank you?”
“It wasn’t going to be a relationship,” Sherlock pointed out.
He stared at the coffee maker for a minute, before adding a third. “I thought I said something about getting some sleep.”
In the small space in front cab and still restricted with his seatbelt. John could only turn, throwing a bit of his knee to keep Moran from completely overwhelming him. He drew back, threw a fist into Moran’s ribs, and kept doing so until the man above him wheezed.
“Still at the crime scene?”
But they couldn’t. He couldn’t bring himself to bed the man who might have his heart because of a mediocre reason. They both deserve more than rushed shag because of impending cameras and the lack of privacy. They shouldn’t rush because after everything- they’ve experienced, learned, done, they deserve better. John knew that much. If he is going to take Sherlock apart like he deserved then one of them had to say no. One of them had to keep their head straight. That someone was usually him with all of Sherlock’s other ideas. He didn’t know if he could.
“Husband.”
So, John did.
Sherlock closed the distance between them again, grabbing the mobile and notes from the bed. Sherlock stuffed the items into his belstaff before pausing in front of John with a pleased grin. “But it is interesting. My reaction doesn’t count for anything, and with the death threats it can only be one thing.”
That certainly took John by surprise. “Thank you.”
Not needing to be asked twice, John climbed into the cab. He glanced over at Sherlock as London trickled by them. “Merry Mollet?” John questioned in a whisper. “Do you think it’s a coincidence?”
“I’m all finished,” he answered and squatted down at AJ, plucking the gun from his hip holster. John checked the safety and the clip, which was on and full. He stood back up again, and glanced down at Mrs. Hudson, who had her nose in a disapproving wrinkle.
“What do you mean I missed…when did this…Sherlock!”
“Busy,” stated Sherlock. John shrugged when the inspector paused, glancing between the two of them.
The inspector stared down at the bodies before slumping his shoulders, defeat written over his face. He sighed. “A serial killer? Damn. It bloody fits, taking the personal belongings, the viciousness of the attacks-”
A/N: Leave feedback if you dare.
Just thinking about leaving Baker Street John’s heart began to pound. “I don’t know,” he answered honestly. “If he won’t let me help, then I just can’t sit by and watch him kill himself.”
“It wasn’t bruising on their necks, but charcoal residue. There is a small possibility that it transferred from the killer to the victims somehow, but there were no signs of struggle. The blood found on the bricks and pavement is a match to both victims. Unfortunately, the leaf found at the crime scene is still being tested. Other than that, I’m uncertain and I don’t like being uncertain. Molly found standard yellow paint on the victims that could be found at any hardware store, the paint most likely stained their dominant hand-” His head jerked towards Lestrade.
Oddly enough, those six words hit John with the sudden scent of chlorine and the phantom heaviness of semtex on his body. John fixed his hands on his hips.
“You chose her once, why won’t you do it again?”
A wriggle made the doctor snort and rubbed his palms around Sherlock’s leaking cock, obviously teasing. Sherlock wouldn’t have any of that which he then quickly remedied the situation with his pale hand wrapped around his own length, about to stroke himself hard and fast, chasing to orgasm…
Surprise echoed through the detective inspector’s voice as he asked, “Are you two in bed together?”
“Cause of death?”
John smiled down the empty corridor. “A lead, apparently. There’s no stopping him with that. Shall we go see what he’s figured out?”
“Because she likes you, and she’s out there?”
John hummed. “Better.” And resumed his earlier strokes. He can feel Sherlock’s muscles flutter around his fingers, a sign that he was close to the edge. As soon as Sherlock’s body stiffened, John backed away, maybe pulling his fingers out of Sherlock a little too quickly…
“Shrimp scampi with linguini,” John ordered then added. “Please.”
“Mycroft has Rosemund. He’s keeping her safe.”
He watched as Sherlock turned away with a pleased expression and walked into bathroom, leaving the door open. The light flicked on. An obvious invitation and somewhere in the distance, John was pretty sure his jaw joined the sheet on the floor. Pipes rattled in the walls, he could hear the splashes of water, falling on the bottom of the porcelain.
The other man shouted in surprise and he lost his lit cigarette into his lap. John didn’t count on that, but it was a toxic blessing. Moran continued to curse wildly. Either from John’s sudden attack or from the heat, John wasn’t too sure or concerned. All that mattered was Moran had abandoned the wheel for utter concern of his lap and prick, leaving John with all the control of the wheel.
Forlornly, John looked between the black door and down along the pavement- his means of escape. He wondered just how long Mycroft would stalk him in the black car down the busy roads as he walked to get their take-out and milk. Was it worth the headache? Or the hassle? Ignoring either Holmes was a dangerous chance. Sherlock could annoy him to death, threaten his things, and potentially poison him. Mycroft, on the other hand, had other resources. There could be an off-chance that Mycroft would stop traffic to only stalk him. With one last glance at the pavement, John shook his head in defeat. He clambered into the black car, pulling the door shut behind him.
John met Sherlock’s prismatic eyes before they closed with a flutter. John knew what was coming and met the kiss halfway. It was awkward to balance, and John could taste himself on Sherlock’s tongue. The kiss broke when John’s jumper was yanked over his head, leaving John in his undershirt and his trousers around his knees.
“Damn. I’ll radio this in and check where that other car is!”
“Left pocket. Obviously, Sherlock.”
“No, you did not,” Sherlock stated. His blue eyes met John’s, radiating warmth and awe.
“Three murders are always interesting and a suspect that only will talk when I’m present, it’s more than interesting.”
John laughed because he knew that it was a lie. Maybe Sherlock hadn’t noticed, but he did, and couldn’t function properly without some kind of barrier. He turned around, giving Sherlock privacy to dress. He could hear the rustling of clothing from behind him. “When are we going?”
“Fuck off, Mycroft!”
“Yeah, you really are and you’re awful at it. Your face has that look; I should know it well because Sherlock has one like it. Jesus! A secret brother…is your lot completely dysfunctional? Your parents, they’re ordinary. But the two of you…or I should say three of you. Is the other one locked away in a tower somewhere or something? Can he do the deduction thing too?” John asked. He held his breath for a few seconds, and then he added confidently. “Sherlock doesn’t know. If he did…he would’ve said something.”
“Crime scene then,” he declared, earning a surprised look from the other two men. John nodded at the boyfriend, “It seems like he needs some time, so where?”
“Sherlock,” cautioned John. “There are two bodies, two victims, regardless of how they were killed or how they were supposed to be killed. Sentiment.”
John turned away from Sherlock towards the dark figure that held a gun at them both. His eyes found the owner of the small hands and tiny whimpers. His heart skipped a beat for the infant. “Why don’t you step off the ledge there, mate?”
The rest of John’s curses morphed into pleased mumbling. That was one less thing to worry about. He would face Moriarty with a gun after all and didn’t have to waste time looking for the lost gun in the cab. He grabbed a Beretta from the top and tucked it into his trousers. He zipped up the bag, and placed on the pavement for later. He did not want to have Moran and the guns occupy the same space.
“Of course, hardly any different from when I get Sherlock’s his mobile,” she groused.
Sherlock sighed and tilted his head back from the microscope in exasperation, as if he hadn’t been driving John insane for most of the morning. John blinked in disbelief at that utter git. The doctor furrowed his brow in frustration, waiting for the utter git to go on. The chair screeched against the floor when Sherlock turned. Long legs crossed left over right, and quicksilver eyes met John’s.
“No hands, Sherlock.”
“Only a second?”
“Sherlock, I don’t-“
“Can you now?” John teased, his lips trailed over the outer shell of Sherlock’s ear. It was the only bit of Sherlock’s skin John could reach. He was sorely tempted to test Sherlock’s whispered declaration now. He brushed the lightest touch of his fingertips in those inky curls again. Sherlock’s hands captured John’s, freeing them from Sherlock’s hair.
“Mind palace,” John answered, “It’s his way of storing information so he doesn’t forget it, unless he deletes it.”
“Merry Mollet.”
There was a shuffling sound as Mrs. Hudson laughed lightly. “There’s no need for that I have plenty left back home. Are you almost done with your ankles, dear?”
John laughed. “Turned out the idiot wasn’t missing. I think he forgot how to answer his mobile.”
“There,” he declared, satisfied with the way Sherlock was spread out for him. “Problem solved.”
John followed Sherlock as he stalked towards the scene in his recognizable coat; as they approached, reporters quickly swarmed, burying them in warm bodies and biting jabs. John clenched his jaw, stepping in front of Sherlock as questions flew at them, attacking them with the months-old rumors about Janine and her new engagement. He felt Sherlock at his back when they finally navigated out of the vultures. The taller man held up the tape while Lestrade waved them through, pausing during his questioning of a witness. John ducked underneath, glad to get onto crime scene.
John glanced over to Sherlock as the taller man flipped his coat collar up. “Nothing but wait until the killer strikes again. Text me with more details.”
He wasn’t as he was years ago… but really, who else was the same?
“More.”
John nodded, and a plethora of emotions flashed over his face, judging by the confused expression on Sherlock’s before the detective frowned.
“But you would’ve liked to?”
Chapter 5. I should explain that I'm from the States, so some settings will be 'made-up' for the purpose of this story. I would appreciate if this fic somehow made it on the Tumblr rotation- I don't have a tumblr myself. Thanks to all who has kudos/commented/bookmarked. This chapter was beta-ed by my wonderful beta 'englandwouldfalljohn'. Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
“Yes.”
He weaved through traffic as much as he could, undoubtedly attracting attention by squeezing the small red car between the lanes with sides scraping against other cars, leaving trails of red in his wake. Under his breath, John either gave curses or apologies up until he stopped in the car park of the swimming centere.
“What are you doing?” John blurted out, following the commotion.
“You mean making it seems like you know how to do your jobs?” Sherlock quipped from standing on the sofa. John glanced at the detective’s back, trying to get something from Sherlock’s body language. John caught movement out of the corner of his eyes as the inspector detective shrugged.
John arched his eyebrow when Mycroft looked down at him with his large nose. Like he was trying to remind John that he was a peon, a goldfish, in a rather immense world. He knew that look, at least a similar version of it, where Sherlock was mentally calling him an ‘idiot.’ It usually meant that John did something or noticed something that he shouldn’t have, or he was in danger. It had to be the latter. Mycroft wasn’t trying to kill him, a jolt of shock crossed over his features. A sliver of the iceman’s expression flashed panic within his eyes. John only saw it for a second, but it was enough.
A/N: Leave feedback if you wish.
“Of course! Order anything you like!”
“We can take my car,” offered Lestrade.
“I don’t understand.”
“She’s not dead then?”
“Who would that be?”
“Earlier today you viciously protested having to remove your jumper. I don’t want to fathom what would happen if you were required to take off all your clothing. I have reason to believe that you could start foaming at the mouth,” Sherlock grinned. “You did say that it was my turn to ‘strip’ for a case.”
The thought of going to the clinic started him worrying all over again. Sherlock had been getting high for two months every time John had to work. He didn’t know if he would seek out another fix while he was gone. Turning back to Molly, John spoke. “Look, could you text me if Sherlock leaves? I’m thinking that he’ll be busy, but it’s Sherlock, so it’s hard to say.”
John smiled and started on breakfast preparation quickly, grateful that he didn’t have to sanitize every surface in the kitchen again. That task alone could take hours.
He was slightly disappointed with his results, but if he wanted industrial spoons to withstand Sherlock’s experiments, he now knew exactly where to look. It would be nice to have spoons without having to question what was on it, where it has been, and how did it ended up disfigured.
John grinned and gently took the knife from his ‘not-housekeeper’ and worked on the ropes around his ankles. He freed one ankle and worked on the last rope.
“Couldn’t bother with a bloody call then?”
Grinning back, John said. “I’ll tell them it’s an experiment then. They’ll believe that.”
“I wouldn’t think you would complain about it,” said Mrs. Hudson as she patted him once on the knee. “Lucky I won it back from Mrs. Turner, before they kidnapped me. I wouldn’t have been able to cut the ropes without it.”
“Stop thinking John,” Sherlock demanded gently. Soft opal eyes stared back at John, making his heart jump from normal beats to miles a minute. John wanted to say something more, to ask more of Sherlock’s time away. He knew that Sherlock had disbanded Moriarty’s network. But he didn’t know what that entailed, or exactly what Sherlock had been made to endure. The detective stood and crossed the room. “It’s just another scar. You have plenty of your own. I’m going to take a shower.”
“I am not and wasn’t married to Sherlock. He can’t have my child, and you did!” John paused for a second when he imagined Sherlock’s ‘you’re an idiot’ look while saying ‘I don’t have a uterus, John. Couldn’t have your child even if I wanted to’. His eyebrows met the middle of his forehead when he cringed, thinking about Mary with a gun while carrying his daughter. “What did you go with having a need for a gun?”
“Ooh! This is interesting, killing me to try to make a happy storybook ending. But, there’s something you missed. He needs me, a dragon to slay. To match him. I am the only one who can thrill him, stimulate him, challenge him, and make him dance. Your stagnant stupidity would never understand, how bored, tedious everyone is. What Sherlock and I are, together, will always be-”
He opened the door to their flat and walked inside. Immediately, he was embraced with a sense of home, belonging, and peace that now it was just the two of them. Although it being home, John was livid with his flatmate. His ‘All In’, who was pacing about the sitting room like a mad man, contradicts his somewhat passive behaviours in the cab. Sherlock stalked into the kitchen, then back into the sitting room. Long fingers ran over John’s chair, then to Sherlock’s, over the dust collecting on the fireplace that Mrs. Hudson hadn’t gotten to yet. After touching everything in sight, Sherlock had stalked down into the hallway, in the direction of his room. A loud thump interrupted the low ramblings of the detective.
John felt Sherlock’s hard length pressing against his back, muscles throbbing slightly every time he shifted against Sherlock. He could feel Sherlock’s pounding heartbeat against his own skin.
“Well…”
“Technically, you would be following mine.”
“We can help you,” offered John, his eyes met Sherlock’s. The detective gave a small nod.
“Where are you going? I thought the idea was to have a bit of kip.”
Chapter 32
“For who exactly?”
John had cleaned them both up, not wanting another repeat of sleeping with crusted dried semen on his skin again. He settled back after using the loo, without looking at the time when he had slid back into bed. Vaguely, he remembered being the bigger spoon in this sleeping arrangement. Apparently, sleeping Sherlock had other ideas. Not that being the little spoon was a bad idea per say.
The window was down, and smoke trailed out of the car. “Nope. Someone called a cab for you.”
“You’re the doctor, what do you make of the marks on the shoulder?”
His eyes flickered from the woman in front of him and the dark road where the cab had long vanished. John smiled politely. She was attractive and there. He could get  off with her if he wanted; Sherlock had said that she was looking for a night companion. But it felt off, not right. Going home with her just for a shag wouldn’t make him feel any better, even if he did need some relief. He wasn’t the man for a one-night stand. He missed being wanted for more. Being a part of something, in love with someone who had nothing to hide, who loved him back. He brandished his left hand, showing the ring of his failed marriage. “I’m actually married.”
“No.”
“-where’s your mobile? Suit jacket or coat?”
He pointedly ignored the CCTV cameras turning slowly like a pair of eyes watching his every step… which they probably were.
A/N: The new chapter should be up soon. Please leave feedback on your way out! Ta.
“What are you-”
“It’s where two people who like each other go out and have fun.”
“Yes.”
Looking at Sherlock, John had an overwhelming urge to just touch him. His face, with those bloody cheekbones was easily within his reach. His sinful neck; maybe John could suck another mark into the pale column to match on the other side. On second thought, that action will be a bit too much for the back of a cab. Resting his hand on Sherlock’s thigh could satisfy him, like what happened by accident in the pub. John could still remember the muscle, the warmth that emanated from Sherlock’s body in that moment. John shook his head. He was going to have an issue walking out of the cab once they arrived at the Yard if he wasn’t careful with his thoughts now.
“Ah,” Juliet said, her warm eyes knowing. “Is that how it worked out then? I’d wondered.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, that was the only sensible thing she did in two years,” Mycroft snapped. “It gave us a second chance. I was to offer Magnussen valuable information in exchange for him keeping his mouth shut about you breaking into his office and then, when he took the bait, we could have disposed of him quietly. Instead you trampled in and made a terrific mess of the whole thing, as usual.”
“Pardon me, but what are you doing in here?”
“Of course not, so what?” Sherlock said impatiently. “Come on, John, I’m a virgin and I got tested in rehab. Drug rehab, I mean, obviously. You haven’t been with anybody since Mary and she would have been tested for everything under the sun when she got pregnant.”
John filed this away to tell Sherlock. Where
John looked at his carefully shielded vulnerability and knew in that instant that he could have him. He could take Sherlock home, back to Baker Street, and he could kiss him again and Sherlock would let him. He could take his clothes off—all of them, this time--and Sherlock would let him, he could spread him out and touch him and Sherlock would let him, he could push into his body
“You perpetuated the deception at least partly to keep me safe. Don’t pretend I’m unaware,” Sherlock said. “You didn’t trust them to keep her locked up.”
Right on cue, Mrs. Marsden dropped her teacup. Excellent! Sherlock bit back a smile.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. Relief. He still felt groggy and he twisted his head to frown up at the bags hanging above his bed. None of them seemed to be morphine, but he was having a bit of trouble forcing his eyes to focus.
John said so fiercely she was startled. “I don’t want it—all the secrets, the shootings, the drama. I don’t want it any more. I made a choice.  I want
Sherlock shook himself out of his daze. He needed to process. He’d have killed for a cigarette, but that was right out—he’d quit when Rosie was born, not that John had ever noticed—and anyway he was in a nonsmoking room. Back to the running shoes.
Henry looked at Sherlock, who said, “I had nannies when I was small, but my father was always quite hands-on. My father was the omega,” he explained for Molly’s benefit.
“Push,” Sherlock reminded him and John bore down and oh God, Sherlock was inside him, pushing forward with painstaking slowness. He felt
He looked back at Sherlock, who was watching him almost covertly. “No,” he said. “I’m not angry. Not anymore.”
Molly sucked in a breath and blew her nose, making a visible effort to pull herself together. “We were doing an external survey and Sherlock—something caught his attention and he stopped me, he said it looked as though the man had—he had something inserted, um, in his rectum. I was joking about it, a bit, but Sherlock was very serious, he said not to pull it out, we should X-ray it first. So I called for a portable X-ray and the tech came down and told us to wait outside, and I was looking up some toxicology reports but Sherlock was watching through the glass, and I think—he must have seen the screen when she brought up the image and known what it was, because all of a sudden he was shouting at me and telling me to run. I froze, a bit, and he said
“Yes, sir,” John said, relieved to have it out in the open at the same time as he felt his mouth go completely dry.
Sherlock smoked out the window whilst his coffee brewed. It would have been nice to be able to verify his findings in the lab, but he didn’t dare risk it--he knew Mycroft well enough to know he wasn’t bluffing about the house arrest. Never mind. He was fairly sure of his conclusion. The killer hadn’t known the difference between Scotch whisky and bourbon whiskey, but Tyler Austin would have, and that meant the switch had been made after he’d drunk it, and
John pulled back to look at him. “You weren’t listening any of those times I tried to talk to you about the remodeling, were you?”
Sherlock crouched, unlacing Cowardly’s boots and tugging them off so he could strip off the uniform. He left his own fatigues on the floor of the lighthouse, transferring his things, and then took both of the dead men’s sidearms. Intrepid had a knife in an ankle sheath, so he took that too. Then he pulled both sets of laces out of their boots and tucked them into his pocket. He hesitated briefly—could he take the time to run back up and look out again?—but time, time, time was not on his side and he needed to move.
“I’ve never had a cat. Sentiment,” Sherlock said shortly. What he
“Stephen Watson, sir,” Sherlock said in his best working class accent. He had even remembered to say “sir”. John felt a glow of anxious pride.
“Yes, I think that will work,” she said. “That upper corner is a bit dodgy though.”
There had been one time, when he’d thought he’d seen a friend he couldn’t save, just after he came back—but that had been a dream, he’d decided that for certain, especially after two years of looking for Sherlock every time he opened his eyes in the night, and if anyone was going to be a restless spirit…
that’s the case,” Mycroft said. “We don’t know for certain. At any rate, someone knows who she is and sold that information to Magnussen. Magnussen then apparently sold it to someone else, or planned to do so. There are people in this city who would be very interested—or very threatened--by the knowledge that one of James Moriarty’s former high-ranking staff members is alive and well.”
St. Cecilia was the patron saint of music, which is a very good way to get people to write songs about you. The Britten/Auden collaboration referenced by Sherlock really does have a stunning text (although, as far as I can tell, practically nothing to do with St. Cecilia) and can be heard
John stared as the full implications of this plan sank in. “That,” he said, pointing at Sherlock with his knife, which was doubling as a spoon, “is a really excellent idea.”
“I’m still going to stay,” John said softly.
“Since Magnussen sometimes had dealings with foreign nationals as part of his…information-gathering hobby, my office was peripherally involved in the investigation. Mostly my people confiscated anything that could be of a sensitive nature and looked into it ourselves. In the course of this we acquired a certain email correspondence. I have reason to believe from this exchange that Magnussen had become aware that a former member of Moriarty’s criminal network who had survived our purge was currently living in London under a false identity.”
Sherlock kept looking out the window, silent and alone.
“Wouldn’t it be cheaper to just make friends with you?”
Finally Moriarty let go. “What do you call it?”
Even with only the violin, John could tell that the first movement was bright and almost happy. He remembered himself as a young officer, brave and patriotic, and suddenly he knew as surely as he knew his own reflection that Sherlock had written this part with John in mind. He had taken his knowledge of John and deduced this shining young soldier, and made him into music.
“She’ll have used an offshore bank.”
Shit, John thought, adrenaline kicking in, and he shoved Sherlock back the way they had come and shouted “Run!” as he brought his
“Oh,” John said softly. Sure enough, there was the long slope of grass and the sea beyond, rocks and cliffs and wheeling birds.
John didn’t bother trying to verify this; the girl would say she was fourteen whether it was true or not. “All right. Don’t be too soft on that wean, now, you’ll spoil her.”
“Yeah, it happens occasionally,” John said, smiling. “Why else would Sherlock keep me around?”
“Okay,” Lestrade said. “Good luck.”
“I’m the only seven. But you’re at least a five. And most of the other doctors I’ve known have been twos. So ask.”
“Well, as I said, not much,” Lestrade said, pulling out another notebook and stuffing his biscuit in his mouth. “We’ve interviewed everyone who contacted him going back a few weeks, but word’s got around and everyone’s had time to come up with a reason to have texted him. ‘Wanted to borrow his lecture notes.’ ‘He asked me round for a drink.’ Here’s my favorite: ‘Wanted to get the number of a girl he knew.’ I said, why didn’t you just ask him to text you the number? He didn’t know. Also studying economics, by the way. No wonder we’re in such a mess.”
“Of course I’m right,” Sherlock said with maddening certainty. He tilted his head. “My neck feels cold.”
“You were the one who thought this whole bloody thing up to begin with!” John said, now back to exasperated. “Why did you arrange this orgy business if you didn’t want to do it?”
They were quiet a minute, sipping their tea. Sherlock closed his eyes, let himself imagine for the briefest possible instant that nothing had changed and that they were together in Baker Street as they had been years ago, with none of the ghosts crowding the room.
“Well, it’s not all drugs, but it does seem a bit--ah.”
“Let me talk to her,” Sherlock said. “I have a better chance of convincing her than you do. And at least give her until after the baby is born. You can’t let John’s baby be born in prison, Mycroft.”
Roz smiled at him without taking her eyes from the road. “Because I never trained as an investigator, but I was a good sergeant and I have a pretty good eye for when the coppers have been cutting corners. And because I’m going to write a brilliant book when you find this guy, so I want to know how you process.”
Donovan’s friend’s case proved interesting enough that Sherlock didn’t even mind when Mrs. Hudson appeared with a laden tray and began plying her with cakes. They had the crime scene photos spread out over the table and Sherlock was frowning down at them.
John’s face crumpled. Sherlock had expected anger, contempt, feeling ridiculous in only his shirt and socks clinging to his virtue like a girl in the back of a car, but instead John looked as though Sherlock had struck him.
Sherlock woke in the dark, disoriented for only a split second before he remembered where he was. Strangely, his first thought was of the dog. Why hadn’t it barked at him?
It was a pleasant evening, made special by the cider, and sure enough the rain arrived an hour later. That was the drawback to living in the barn, John thought as he readied himself for the dash across the stableyard: having to leave the warm cozy companionship of the servants’ hall for his cold and solitary room. Oh well, at least it was snug and dry, and his bed would warm quickly once he tucked himself up in his blankets.
“I analyzed it, as you asked, and it’s just water. Plain H2O. I mean, it’s not salt water or chlorinated pool water, it’s what you’d get from a tap.”
Sherlock roared in sudden fury, startling John so that he took a step back. “You don’t understand! How can you—“ he flung out his hands in frustration, then clenched them in his hair again. “I have to think. Leave me alone,” he said tightly, and strode off to the bedroom and slammed the door.
“I’ve been here nearly a month…what do you think they’re going to do with us?”
They ambled along to the square, John occasionally grabbing Sherlock’s elbow when he stumbled—probably a good thing they were having a bit of a walk, John thought wryly. John himself felt only mildly inebriated, enough to find everything delightful. They came out near the brightly lit shopping arcade and John paused.
“Oh, he stuck to water,” Effie said. “Wanted to make sure he’d hear if someone said something foolish if you ask me.”
“Very good, sir. And finally, it’s customary for the happy couple to, ah…”
“What?”
Rodriguez flicked a glance at Ryan and John guessed this was a sore point. “It is, yeah, although I think the family would really appreciate if we could release it as soon as—“
“Yes, but wait until tonight when everyone’s asleep. If Sister catches you visiting her bed she’ll be back in the women’s ward before you can blink and you’ll probably get a switching to boot, sick or not.”
“Staircase. Now,” John bit out, and turned without waiting for Sherlock to respond.
“I’ve been selected to write the music for the dedication of the war memorial in Regent’s Park.”
Sherlock cocked his head, never breaking eye contact. “As were you.”
But before he had even finished Sherlock was asleep, cocooned in John’s arms with the whole of the sparkling galaxy spread out around them.
They lay there for a moment, just looking, and then John pushed himself up with a groan. “I’ll get us a towel,” he said, padding to the washstand.
“Oh, you’re fine,” John said, leaning back and grinning. “She’s your goddaughter; you ought to get better acquainted.”
good together,” he said, and slid his hand around to splay over John’s abdomen. That was—shit, there was no way that should be so hot, not even touching anything erogenous, that big hand spread between John’s chest and cock, pulling John back to grind into Sherlock’s erection, but
“All right,” he said. “I’ll take the case.”
“Just take a sip and pass it on. I can’t stand the stuff either, but it never hurts to put on a show of jolly unity.” The disdainful tone in which Sherlock uttered this sentiment made it clear he had even less interest in unity than in gin.
that. Sherlock knew better than to try to argue with his mother, so he packed his bags with ill grace and grumped off to Greece.
The man’s eyes flicked over Sherlock in rapid evaluation. “Sorry, mate, don’t think I know you.”
Mycroft finally pushed away his plate (completely clean, despite his usual complaints) and said, “Sherlock has expressed a desire to meet with you.”
should have seen it coming. We took out the original guys, no problem, and then they opened fire.”
“Run into problems with the Ukrainians already?” he asked Lestrade.
John grinned. Trust Sherlock to decide it was easier to toss underpants into the bin than to hang them up on the rack. He tipped Sherlock’s hot pho into a bowl and collected an after-dinner drink for himself,  carrying out glass and bowl to find Sherlock half asleep on the sofa. “Sit up, I’ve got your food.”
“I can’t--”
Sherlock smiled and gripped Arslan’s upper arm, the gesture of friendship oddly warming. He deliberately pushed thoughts of John away
him—but he couldn’t manage it, so he shoved down his drawers and left them on the floor. He whimpered in relief as his cock sprang free.
I wouldn’t, you were there when I had the chance, and that was when we were alone. I would have shot myself first.”
John’s fingertips brushed his shoulder lightly. “Suppressants are legal in France. They’re legal just about everywhere in the world besides here. We’ll get them right away, before we do anything else. Then when people look at us they won’t know if we’re alpha or omega or beta and they won’t care, because they’ll just see Sherlock and John.”
“I took them on my phone,” Hobbes said, looking at Sherlock with a sort of pitying disdain. “It’s easy, you just—here, I’ll show you. Sit there?”
Sherlock reached up and laced his fingers on top of John’s, pulling his hand tightly against his chest. “Mycroft is too old to be a proper brother. I will be your brother, and you will be mine.”
Sherlock grinned, not in the least abashed. “Something like that. Our host promised me that no one would be working in this field today, so we should be completely undisturbed.”
“—and now I’m desperate for a piss, I think all two liters are in my bladder but I can’t walk on my own.”
…everybody loves me. I don’t really need you anymore.”
Turn on the lights! Goddamn you, turn them back on!”
Two minutes ago John had been thinking he would do anything,
“Sherlock, it’s going to be fine,” John called, feeling a wave of nausea as the trolley lurched into motion. “Just let them…”
“Sherlock!” John hissed and then the voice came, a bit closer: “Sherlock! Sherlock, are you there?”
“Yes.” The frantic edge was draining from Sherlock’s voice. “Yes.”
Sherlock pulled on the jeans. He felt ridiculous, as though trying to pass as somewhat else, but when he came out to the three-way mirror a girl glanced back at him over her shoulder and Rowan said, “
“I know that man.” Baron Gruner, all dashing mustachios and blinding white smile, leaned out from behind the Lord Admiral. “It’s all right, you can let him in.”
“I could manage that part,” John said. “Save you some time.”
John sighed. “It’s a bit of both, mostly his back. A bad fracture that couldn’t heal properly. And to answer your question, there’s a good chance surgery would help, but he wouldn’t have it.”
Sherlock was quiet for so long that John was beginning to grow sleepy again, but then he asked very softly, “What do you dream about now?”
as well. He had never imagined anything like this: every sensation doubled, squared, multiplied. He gripped John’s upper arms and curved his back, letting John support his weight as he fucked Sherlock ruthlessly, shouting every time Sherlock arched and spasmed. Sherlock for his part was yowling like a cat. With every hard thrust he could feel the wet heat of his body against the surging base of John’s cock, and he was desperate to know more: how the knot would feel when Sherlock’s body clenched around it, the thick jets of semen through his cock. John growled as Sherlock dug his nails into his arms and he flipped Sherlock onto his back, which made Sherlock howl even louder as now he could brace himself. “Harder,” he gasped, digging his heels into John’s back and arching off the bed to meet his thrusts. “Harder, harder, I need it—oh
Sherlock shrugged. “I’ll just have to stay here as long as possible, and then lie low.”
“Of course you can. I’ll be fine.”
Sherlock took a deep breath. “I’m to wait outside while he talks to my mummy and daddy.”
stop thinking entirely during sex, John thought hazily; he certainly had an excellent idea of John wanted, better than John had himself. He could do this every single night for the rest of his life. Sherlock Holmes--amazing, beautiful, clever, high-born Sherlock Holmes--on his knees before him, keening for John to shove his cock in his mouth.
“Oh, the cleverness of you,” John breathed and kissed him again.
Mycroft turned out to be not at the Diogenes Club or even his weird subterranean office but at home, which astonished John. He hadn’t thought Mycroft had one. An immaculately dressed and silent man—did Mycroft seriously have a
“He did.”
Mycroft paged back to the physical exam. “My God. Is this weight accurate?”
John tried to walk Ana to the door but she declined. He came back to find Sherlock popping the last of the crostini into his mouth.
Most omega’s heats lasted somewhere around twenty-four to twenty-seven hours. Every commander arranged the heats differently: some used it as currency, currying favor and rewarding underlings, getting through as many alphas as possible before the heat ended; others stuck to the prescribed minimum of six so that everyone would get more turns. Pitts seemed to be somewhere in between, with everyone getting at least two goes. The Commander himself usually had Sherlock three times. Sherlock, who was now so exhausted he could barely move, greeted the sight of the Commander with relief: at least he was nearly done. And still the heat drove him, making him rock his hips and endlessly come, his ceaselessly hard cock jerking exhausted dribbles as he was mounted over and over.
They waited a long moment and John was just reaching out the try the bell again but Sherlock said, “No, wait, someone’s coming.”
be nice to hear from John now and again. Sherlock felt a pang, thinking of all the firsts he would miss with Rosie, but it had to be done.
Jones deflated a bit. “Yes. The team who initially handled Powers’ death was disinclined to reopen the case based on what they saw as a prank, so we were asked to bring a fresh set of eyes to the matter. We—well, really Lestrade here—thought it bore looking into and it turned out that you were correct in every particular. We arrested James Allen after we found the shoes, but he’s claiming that he was set up. He is very insistent that a friend of his named Ian Braithewaite sent the letter and planted the evidence, after killing Carl Powers himself.”
Sherlock was not about to embroider “Brother Bathsheba” on a piece of practice cloth, but the sampler gave him an idea. Starting with arsenic, he carefully stitched the structural formula of every poison he could think of until he ran out of room on the cloth.
“Yes,” the shepherd breathed and pulled at the loincloth, rocking back on his heels. The prince sat up and fumbled with his tunic, clumsy in his haste, and looked up to see the shepherd watching him with darkened hungry eyes.
Sherlock was quiet a moment, then asked in rather a different tone, “John? Would you have liked to go to grammar school?”
“Oh, my God, did they call emergency services?”
Sherlock’s actual scent had been complex: poncy shaving soap and coffee and clean cotton, wool and tobacco if he had on his coat, but the smell of the shampoo alone still brought everything back to John: damp nights and danger and excitement. It also went straight to his groin. Well, that was a pleasant surprise. John honestly couldn’t remember the last time he’d been genuinely turned on—not since the night Sherlock was shot, probably. It felt
Sherlock gagged him quickly, using the bandage in his pockets, and looked him over. The man was an inch or so shorter than Sherlock but wider; his clothes would be a bit short but wearable. Sherlock stripped him quickly—adding another set of keys, cattle prod, and a jackknife to his collection-- and changed clothes. The shoes were too tight, but they were better than going barefoot.
“Yes. That was the first and only time. My previous encounters were not exactly characterized by a desire for intimacy. After—well, after there was no one. Not until a few months ago. Until you I haven’t let anyone touch me except from behind. For anything.”
He had an idea. It wasn’t perfect, though it was the best one he could think of, but he needed to know if he could count on Lady Smallwood before he went further.
“Routines,” Sherlock corrected automatically. He thought it over. “Yes,” he said, almost surprised. “I work out how much I have to eat. I count the bites. I alternate the foods I hate the most with ones that are tolerable.”
“No, it’s Tuesday, but it’s harder to get together in the middle of the week because we live so far apart. And she thought I might have plans on my birthday, anyway.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked. He must not be properly awake yet if he was asking this question, John thought.
The total uncharacteristic silence of the dining hall struck him at that moment and he stopped in mid sentence, disquieted. What had happened? The whole room was sitting stock still, as though frozen.
“Hence you need me,” Sherlock said with some satisfaction.
“Not a chance. Not til I get the rest of this baby weight off.” She wiped at her face and sighed. “You’re sure he’ll be all right?”
“Any more little bombshells like you did yesterday.”
“Mycroft’s already on that. I’m almost there—meet me outside in five minutes, there should be one of Mycroft’s people with a car.” He hesitated, glancing at the cabbie. “You might want to come prepared.”
“So that was how he did it,” Mrs. Allen said. “I always suspected he had a hand in the thing, but I never knew how.” If she felt any guilt or surprise at the role her own research had played, she expressed none of that to them. “There was another boy a few years later, supposedly a suicide—I’m fairly certain that was him too.”
Now, though, he was too far away for after-work drop-ins. He was alone, really alone in a way he hadn’t been for years, and the pain was a constant torture, and there was absolutely nothing to distract him. After he got a couple of texts along the lines of
“Actually, she’d not dead,” Lestrade said, hurrying on before Sherlock could erupt again. “But she still couldn’t have done it, she’s in intensive care. Massive brain damage.”
Sherlock ducked inside and saw that the wardrobe had no back; it led directly into a tiny room, barely big enough to hold a cot and an old wooden box turned upside down to make a table. The table had a battery powered lantern, which Sherlock switched on as he sat on the cot. The room was too small for him to stand upright. He immediately began peeling off what remained of his socks and shoes.
“Oh no,” John said, letting his head thump back against his chair.
“The plank!” John was getting caught up in the story in spite of himself. “Are they going to make you walk it?”
He pulled out into the unnervingly deserted street, nodding at the two Guardians posted at the corner. He felt terribly exposed, as though there were a giant neon bulls-eye on the car that would be spotted by every Guardian and soldier within half a mile; he half expected lights and sirens any moment. Sherlock, sitting rigid in the back seat, seemed to feel the same.
“That did happen a few times,” Sherlock admitted.
right now. If you’re sending him out there, you have to send me with him.”
“Yes.” Kate’s voice was still sharp, but it had a different quality now; she was thinking hard. “I know it. Stay there. I’ll find Irene and—“
“Yeah, I know. Sherlock doing okay?”
“The pool. The aquatic centre in Brighton.”
“Yes,” Ella repeated patiently.
“Really?” John looked simultaneously delighted and astounded. Sherlock could practically see the “wait until I tell Greg” thought bubble bursting in his brain. “That’s—good. Really good. So can I kiss you?”
The other girl stood up and unwrapped her shawl. Betas officially still had access to the NHS, but the wait would be so long that if John suspected the girl had syphilis it would be more efficient for Mrs. Jasper to buy penicillin on the black market. Sam unclasped her necklace and stepped forward toward the lamplight, tilting her head to show the red irritated skin around her neck.
Sherlock opened his eyes and turned his head, startled. “What?”
The driver reached over to the passenger seat and passed back a tie. It matched John’s work shirt exactly. John sighed and reached for his satchel—good thing the car had such dark windows—and then put on the tie, craning a little to try to see his reflection in the rear-view mirror. The driver turned around to give him a once-over, nodding his approval.  “Thanks,” John told him. He took a deep breath, his usual anxiety whenever Mycroft turned up tempered by the certainty that Mycroft would not choose a fancy restaurant to deliver bad news, and went in.
“For heaven’s sake--are you all right? Did you catch a chill?”
“Well, if you work out a way I can fuck my own arse please let me know,” Sherlock gritted out.
John did not need any further encouragement. He let go Sherlock’s hands and pushed up, taking hold of Sherlock’s hips as Sherlock got his elbows under him for leverage, and
“That would--” but just then the violinist shouted, “Circle!” and Callie’s face lit. “Oh, I love this one!” she cried, and darted away to link hands with the other girls.
Molly managed to look shocked and pleased at the same time. “That would be lovely,” she said, her blush deepening even as she raised her chin, “but I’d have to get there somehow, and then pay for the schooling.”
“And then,” Ryan said with certainty, “he says, “Want to show me where we’re putting this?’”
“Dr. Woodcourt sometimes says patients should have wine at the hospital,” John pointed out.
“Why do we need condoms? I thought we’d established we didn’t.”
“Watson,” the commandant said. “You’ve got a visitor.”
“Bit unfair, don’t you think? Two men have an arrangement, and the arrangement falls apart. One man ends up here, and the other goes to Washington.” Sherlock had no illusion that this appeal to Harmon’s sense of justice would be effective; he was just leading him where he wanted Harmon to go.
As to what Sherlock thought, John had no idea. Sherlock had vanished when John got up Friday and did not reappear until the wee hours of Saturday morning, although he did send John a text to tell him that he was at the lab at Bart’s and would not be back for dinner. John had stared at this unprecedented act of consideration, wondering if it meant something, and if so, what, before realizing that if he was at Bart’s Molly had probably told him to text. This in turn reminded him that he owed Molly rather a large debt of thanks. Possibly flowers too. Saturday Sherlock slept late, wandered around the flat for a bit in a fog, and then disappeared into the bath for what was, even for him, a ridiculously long time. John didn’t object. He was planning on a very thorough shower of his own once Sherlock got out. John wasn’t exactly enthusiastic about the prospect of bottoming with strangers, but he had no idea what orgy SOP might be; if etiquette required everyone take a turn riding the one-eyed wonder worm, then John Watson would be prepared.
Mycroft clinked his glass with John’s—still a bit awkwardly, but he was making progress—and took a dainty sip.  “Trade negotiations with the Chinese. Not my area, thankfully, but a certain amount of soothing ruffled feathers on the part of other parties is involved.”
Was it possible, now he’d stopped running, that he could come out the other side of the numbness? Of the darkness?  The thought made him feel weightless and dizzy, hope and fear crowding the air from his chest. Could he? Could he?
Sherlock opened his eyes and took a swig of the dark plummy wine. The labels had been removed from the bottles—so no one could prove they’d been smuggled—so he couldn’t tell what it was, but it went brilliantly with the deep chocolate of the cake. “Very good. How was the party?”
“I’m sure you’re right, but just double check,” Sherlock said calmly. If Mary had decided to disappear, better that John be the one to find the evidence himself.
“So are you getting anywhere?”
Matthew’s mouth opened and shut once, like a fish, and then he abruptly sat down hard at the edge of the bed and dropped his head to his knees. John glanced at Sherlock, read assent, and sat down next to him.
“Too exposed. And I get distracted.”
“Don’t you think another woman would be better?”
It felt like more, somehow, than their previous kisses: made richer by the weight of their new understanding. There was no longer anything between them, no secrets, and it was that knowledge that emboldened John to whisper as he touched his fingers to the fluttering pulse in Sherlock’s long tilted throat, “Can we try it my way this time?”
a fan! I’m so sorry to intrude on your privacy like this but—“
“So you haven’t heard from him?” Mrs. Gregson, said, bringing a pot of soup to the table. “Annie, any news of the family?”
“Somebody from the military?”
“Thanks. I’m doing all right.” The first week or so had been dreadful, a nightmare of guilt and exhaustion and
“I don’t---“
“Why don’t you tell us everything,” Jones said, “right from the beginning.”
Sherlock suddenly got his hands up and pushed at John’s chest so John stumbled back a pace, feeling a sudden pulse of worry—was it too much, had he scared Sherlock, hurt him? But Sherlock was dropping to his knees, right there on the filthy wet pavement, still so close to the wall that he had to spread his legs to kneel at John’s feet, and he was,
Sherlock could only blink at her, stunned. In his wildest imaginings he could never have considered this. “But just stopping me now—that won’t reverse the singularity. What happened three and a half years ago?”
“They
you could tell me that would make me love you any less. It’s in the past.”
Mycroft drew himself up. “I can’t allow—“
“Oh look, here’s that blow dart thing the dwarf shot at us with,” John said with enthusiasm, lifting a blackened object from the wreckage.
Magnussen was released on bail and that same night was shot to death by the actress Kitty had called a bitch, who mistakenly believed that he had told the police about her tax cheating as well as her drug habit. Bruce (who, Sherlock was secretly pleased to note, had become bald and been divorced twice) was sent away for ten years.
“No, they were in a box with air holes. Of course I said he couldn’t keep pets in the flat, but he promised they’ll be gone tomorrow.”
“Well, all right,” Lestrade said, sounding unhappy, and rang off.
Moriarty smiled, a wide guileless smile that was somehow more frightening than his glare, and finally he stepped back. “I’ll see you soon,” he said almost casually to Sherlock, and strolled over to join the female.
“Isn’t this the part where you say you’ll pray for him?” he said finally, sounding a good bit more snappish that he intended.
“We’re out of tea. And if I’m going to Tesco I might as well cook something for dinner. Anything you would eat?”
Sherlock drank. It did in fact taste a little like gin, only far more herbaceous, and he only managed about half the bottle before his queasy stomach rebelled. “That’s enough for now,” Morage said, taking it from him and stoppering it. “Take the rest with you and drink again before you get out of the van, if you can.”
John was dragging himself miserably up the stairs that night when Pip caught him by the arm.
“I’ve never written a letter. Maybe you should show me how?”
“You’re not either. I’ve seen Lord Sherlock, and you’re not him. And you mean to tell me that’s a lord’s coat?”
“Anderson’s home number,” Sherlock said, stealing the new pastry, and John laughed so hard he choked on his coffee.
Rodriguez led them into a small upstairs conference room and said, “This is my partner, Special Agent Lisa Ryan.” Ryan was a small, light-boned woman, hugely pregnant, with carefully professional hair. Sherlock could see immediately that she was definitely
“I have to muss my bed first.”
for it.”
and then the screaming began.
John got up stiffly—he hadn’t realized how tensely he had been lying—shook himself out, and fetched the hydrocodone and the water. Then he lay back down and started worrying about what they would do if Sherlock couldn’t walk in the morning.
John had thought about it quite a bit on their ride. It was odd; he had never even thought of learning to read before that morning, but now that he thought of all the things he could do, he wanted it desperately. He could read the newspaper like the others, follow the prayer book at church, read the labels in the barn; he could write home and ask after his family. He could never afford books of his own, but perhaps if there were books that dealt with the afflictions of horses Lord Sherrinford might find one a good investment. And, of course, the prospect of letters from Sherlock was almost incentive enough in itself. “I don’t know, Sherlock. Don’t you think I might be too old to learn?” What he was really afraid of was that he was too stupid, and that Sherlock would finally realize it and be disappointed.
“Waste of time,” Sherlock snapped just as John’s eyes slid past him and widened. Oh,
“My mother is practically adopting her,” Sherlock said a bit sourly.
John grinned. “You heard me. Sex. I think you should try it.”
When she was gone, Sherlock went slowly back upstairs and slid the uneaten fish and chips into the bin. He’d once loved fish and chips, but the single time he had tried it after his return had triggered one of the worst flashbacks he ever had. It was the salt, he supposed.
Young Tom appeared round the corner. “Master Sherlock,” he said mock-sternly, “you wouldn’t be trying to give your cousin the slip, would you now?”
“More,” Sherlock cried, “more, harder, I need it.”
“In this case, yes. I’ll choose. You make the copies.”
Molly was standing on the top step—the landing was too small to hold them both—peering around him. “I suppose those are back doors to the shops?”
Trevor tipped her head, which caused the hair to slide loose and fall forward again. “I’d just forget to trim it, and that would be worse.”  She peered into her coffee with a small frown. “It’s gone cold, hasn’t it?”
“Mmm?” Sherlock said and then realized what he’d just done. Caught by a trick so old it was barely a trick at all; Mycroft would laugh himself sick. He exhaled, a long resigned sigh through his nose, and said, “How did you know?”
“Thank you.” John stroked his fingers gently through Sherlock’s soft curls, and Sherlock rested his head against John’s knee. “I wish I could have seen her again, but it sounds as though she was comfortable and did not suffer overmuch, thanks to your brother.”
“No, we can’t go,” the small boy cried. “Jimmy’s not here, my brother’s not here.”
Sherlock stood up in a sudden fury. “Get
Sherlock’s phone chimed from the floor.
“He hasn’t said anything that I’ve heard. I don’t think he knows what to do with the place. He has to keep it, he’s got hopes of a title one day, but he’s a city boy at heart.”
Sure enough, the window was boarded over from the outside. Sherlock grinned, a smile that would have convinced anybody of divine truth, John thought, and wondered if he was allowed to kiss him when the nasal voice of the wiry man said behind him, “Thought I already told you lot to fuck off.”
“That’s what you’re going to find out.”
“Better get on with it then,” he said and tilted his hips up in invitation.
and Peter Ricoletti’s ugly statue. John. John’s crinkled smile, his loving hands, his warm strength at Sherlock’s side. John. Forever and ever, world without end, amen.
“I need to go to the bakery,” Sherlock said when Molly finally emerged from the kitchens, not bothering to wait as he strode off toward the gate.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s face tried to light up and scowl at the same time, producing an expression so endearingly Sherlock that John felt his own face melt into sappy affection. “Lie down and think about your laboratory for a bit,” he said, moving to pull the curtains closed—it was the kind of thing he could never get the hang of ringing for a servant to do; what a waste of time! “Then you can tell me all about it over luncheon.”
“Are you going to kiss her cheek?”
“Mine as well,” said Sister Ealhswith. “Do you not care for the country, Lady Smallwood?”
John got out the rice and stuck the previous night’s leftovers in the microwave for himself while he went for the pill. They really needed to eat more veg, he thought vaguely as he poked at his chicken. Here he was, a doctor, feeding his patient iced coffee and sticky rice. Sherlock wasn’t even eating the mango; he was pushing it aside in a little pile.
“What? Why not? Tell me.”
They waited, John feeling horribly awkward as the maids mopped up the mess, for an excruciating ten minutes until Sir James came out bearing a freshly sealed letter. He handed it to Sherlock without a word, glanced at John as though he were something nasty he had scraped off his shoe, and turned his back in dismissal.
“You wouldn’t have taken the knife.”
Lestrade looked blank. “She’d been cleaning something?”
Jon glanced up. “I told you already, I’ve nothing interesting. Girls. No details.”
John couldn’t help laughing. “Okay, fair enough.”
“And when you turn around,” Ella said softly, “Is Eurus there?”
, had ignored the question of
, oral sex was more of a solo performance, and thus lent itself well to extensive postgame analysis. Today, therefore, he had spent a good hour after John had finally got up lying in bed exhaustively reviewing a minute-by-minute assessment of everything he had done to John that John had seemed to like, as well as everything John had done to him that
At the inner gate, though, a guard shone a flashlight full in John’s face and said to Collins, “Who’ve you got there? Is that Watson?”
Sherlock blinked. The anorexic ex-gymnast? “You can’t hire her!”
Sherlock appeared in the kitchen doorway with his cup of tea, right hand tucked in his dressing gown pocket. “No,” he said. “I’m not taking cases anymore.”
“I don’t think I’ll tell him right out,” John said slowly, “but he might guess, and if he does, I won’t deny it. Of course, he might guess and not say anything. You know I’m not ashamed,” he said quickly, looking down at Sherlock’s clear eyes.
“Give it to me anyway,” John said. He wrote everything down, thanked Lestrade, and took it to Sherlock. “Willfen’s alibi checks out—coaching his son’s footy team—so, do you still want all this?”
John followed them out in to the garden and then, having no interest in bees, decided to amble along the little stream instead. He watched the two of them disappear into the shed where Yeboah stored his equipment—seeing Sherlock stride across the grass, the elegance of his long limbs visible for the first time since John had known him, was enough on its own to make him ache—then shook himself off like a wet dog and turned toward the stream. Like everything else about this morning, it was picture-perfect: burbling along amongst the willows, sunlight sparkling on the water, wildflowers nestled along the banks. He indulged himself in a brief, unlikely fantasy that they were merely a couple on holiday, camping somewhere nearby, all alone under the stars…time to turn back.
Snorting, John retorted. “You sound just like Mycroft.”
“You too.”
“That’s it, Sherlock, provoke the suspect into shooting you, you git,” mumbled John in annoyance. He tucked his gun in his waistband and stood. He shouted through the door. “Don’t shoot, I’m coming out.”
“Ah, sorry. But do you know what I was thinking about?”
He climbed to his feet and Peter hovered by his side, undoubtedly thinking that John was going to fall down. John snorted and rubbed the sore spot again.
“Cooperate with us, and we’ll do the same.”
“Then hurry the hell up.”
His hand closed around the mobile. “Perfect. I got it.”
Mary snorted. “You said that last time, not going to shoot me again, are you?”
“Well, no, I’ve-”
“You’re not supposed to! Just answer!”
Lestrade protested, tailing after them as Sherlock stalked out of the small office, and through New Scotland Yard.
“Does that matter? If she had done it then something could have been remotely salvageable in this case!”
“Can I kiss you, properly this time?”
“Don’t forget the butter chicken.” Sherlock’s voice startled John out of his train of thoughts.
John frowned.
“Yes, at the moment. Now, how to get in the classroom without scaring our suspect,” Sherlock muttered lowly, pacing back and forth.
The cabbie pulled over with a plethora of honks and displeased shouts behind them. The boot of the cab blocked the rest of traffic behind them. John peeled out of the backseat.
Sherlock smiled at him, moving to stare out the window. “You see but you do not observe.”
John breezed past Sherlock and ventured into the kitchen. Luckily, the medical kit was still there from yesterday. Mycroft had texted, informing him that he had disposed of Sherlock’s supplies while they were out. It saved John the trouble of doing it, even though he now had the yearning to break all of it himself into tiny little smithereens. He waved Sherlock in, pointing at the empty chair before rustling around in the medical kit for everything he needed.
Worry, Message, Official
“Good luck with that, mate,” John chirped back. “I can’t even get him to tidy up the flat. I doubt I’ll be able to stop him from interrogating the criminal or causing chaos in your division.”
Sherlock didn’t move.
John remained unmoving as the taller man stalked over to him. “You’re planning on manipulating me to your advantage. The question you should be asking yourself is whether or not I care for a repeated performance.”
They rounded the street corner, turned onto a busy street. Rain was lightly falling, streaking the grey morning. Sherlock waved a pale hand in the air as he spoke.
John sighed. “So, where are we going?”
“Don’t!” Moran choked out. “I’m done, mate! I’m done!”
“So, that’s it then? Torture by Moriarty or by the older Holmes? Tough choice.”
John rechecked all of the pockets. He looked on the floor, in case the paper had fallen the first go around. He even dug into the hamper. Still found nothing. The hamper was turned upside down, John checking every article of clothing. All pockets on all trousers. The mobile numbers weren’t there. That something that was at the back of his mind earlier sent ice down his spine. First his mirror angled at the door and now this. Sherlock was so sure that someone was in the flat when they were at New Scotland Yard. Perhaps, he- they- weren’t going so mental after all.
Suddenly, Mrs. Hudson was shoved aside, and crashed into the wall.
Immediately, John removed his hand and stepped away, just now noticing that he had stepped between his best friend’s legs to look into his eyes. He muttered under his breath, calling Sherlock names. Sherlock laughed at him as he stood. John watched as he grabbed his blue dressing gown from the floor and slipped it back on. John wondered what the hell was going on with him. Twice in one day he had touched Sherlock. It was too close, too much, and almost…not nearly...enough. It wasn’t the first time that he had noticed Sherlock’s calculative eyes, or their color; although, it was the first that he mentioned it aloud. Not to mention, several of his remarks could constitute flirting. Unconsciously flirting. Maybe he was going mental.
“No. I just have better connections.”
Live Nudes In Charcoal
Literally, and he saw the largest grin Sherlock has ever had on his face, the loving gleam in his eyes made John’s heart skip a beat.
John met his eyes steel colored eyes framed by dark untamed curls, and the scowl of frustration. He ignored it, plunging forward as the steady head to Sherlock’s whirlwind. “The body, rigor hasn’t set in. The blood is still clotting.”
John turned around lingering in the doorway. Sherlock was still sitting on the edge of his bare mattress. His eyes roamed over the debauched detective, taking in his swollen lips, messy curls, flushed cheeks, and two missing buttons in Sherlock’s tight black shirt with a sense of pride. The usual immaculate detective looked nothing more than he was snogged out of his wits. John did just that.
“What happens if I do? Will people die?” asked John, thinking back to what Moran had said in the cab. That Moriarty had planned for something to happen, and John could expect it to be a large, grander scale.
“Not a gunshot wound,” John answered confidently. “There’s something about the injury that’s messy, if it was a gun, the scene would be bloodier. Especially at close range. The injuries are too sloppy for distant-range as well. I’m thinking stabbing, hard to say with what until the measurements are taken. Actual cause of death would be exsanguination or loss of blood.”
Her boots clicked on the cement floor as she disappeared through the doorway, leaving John and Mrs. Hudson with the man known as AJ. Maybe he could get some answers out of him. For all the authority he could muster, while being completely exposed, John stared the other man down, glaring--.
John thought there was a possibility this man was behind all those unsolved murders. It wouldn’t come as a surprise, seeing they’ve had weirder breakthroughs. And criminals weren’t known to be original.
He lifted his hand from Sherlock’s cock and licked up his palm. John stared at Sherlock while he did, and the detective let out hissed between swollen lips. John grinned, and licked his lips, savoring the taste of salt and tangy from Sherlock’s body. John wrapped his wet palm around Sherlock’s length again, and knelt down. Then he gingerly licked away a pearl of precum, teasing Sherlock some more before he would completely suck him off. Suddenly, Sherlock knelt down, eyes closed, to face John.
Not even winded from his run, John stated. “Sherlock Holmes? Tall, black hair, posh bloke with a terrible motormouth?”
Recalling their earlier activities back in the flat, knowing that there were cameras-that there were people on the other side of those cameras watching them snogging each other’s wits out in the kitchen, and that Mycroft was one of those people, John groaned aloud. “ The foreseen circumstances…so he saw…”
Raindrops pounded on the cab, drowning out the light drifting music from the radio. The rain smeared the world outside into a wet, watery blur. Today would have been a great day for a lie-in. John could picture it now. Instead of them roaming in the flat attending to each their own, they would be together in the confines of his bedroom. Perhaps more of what they had started would have happened, preferably naked, sweaty, fulfilling things. Things that would have solidified the physical, as well as the emotional aspects of their ‘all-in’.
John rested his forehead against Sherlock’s. He closed his eyes, savoring the taste of Sherlock on his lips. Sharing his air that he breathed. John dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s soft hair, fingernails lightly massaging the detective’s scalp. Sherlock moaned softly. John smiled when he was pecked lightly on the lips. “Jesus, you’re fantastic.”
“Jack Ripper,” answered Donovan.
John mouthed at Sherlock’s thigh again while his free hand pumped over Sherlock’s cock as his other hand massaged Sherlock’s prostate. He worked on stretching and pleasuring Sherlock. The squelching sounds that came from it was obscene, flipping John’s stomach from a new level arousal he had never felt before.
That caused Sherlock’s nose to wrinkle. “Not necessary. It doesn’t age as badly as the horrid moustache.”
Smiling around his cup, John retorted, “You look like shite, mate.”
“Shouldn’t we tie him up?” asked Mrs. Hudson. “We don’t want him coming up behind us.”
“I thought I would challenge you,” smiled John, grabbing the newspaper from the small table next to his chair.
“Lots of security for a murder to take place.”
“Then he would have to see me regardless, and deal with Sergeant Donovan on daily basis.”
The room fell silent. John couldn’t help but to think that Sherlock was wrong. It didn’t happen often, but it still happened. The man’s motivation eventually turned into wanting control of his life, of his marriage but it stemmed from love. Only out of the deepest of loves, can the deepest of hate fester into a bleeding wound. The love for his wife, and her betrayal festered into him taking three lives, a mistake that he will probably have to pay for with his life. Somewhere in there, maybe, just maybe, the man was still in love with her despite everything.
“Ah. What did brother mine have to say?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You don’t know if they are innocent. But yes, I am that certain. He’ll change his mind when we don’t acknowledge the challenge and don’t figure out the message.”
“Drinks then.”
“I believe I answered that question for you.”
“Sherlock dear? Did you-”
The cabbie supplied, “221 Baker Street.”
“So, what do death threats mean?”
“So should I start from when your brother kidnapped me?”
Then John froze. God he hadn’t meant to say that aloud. He was looking directly at those silver eyes now. Sherlock looked as shocked as John was. Whatever they had been before John was their ‘all-in’. Now, whatever they were, hung in the air, boiling with tension of words that neither of them-, if Sherlock felt that way for him-, uttered aloud.
Sherlock’s smirk disappeared. “Did someone here at least get pictures? Or am I going to have to break in just to get an answer?”
A/N: Alright, so chapter nine. I haven't seen the new season, so this story is going to be a light-hearted thing. Thank you for all the comments/bookmarks/kudos. This chapter is beta-ed by englandwouldfalljohn(TheLadyAmalthea) who cleans this story up.
John pushed open the door.
“So I’ve been told.”
“It is and yes, I connected the soil from my shoe to the deceased, matching the same particles outside the row of flats. We need to see Lestrade. Our jumper was on the scene. Responsible for the murder of Oliver Izard”
His heart definitely didn’t skip a beat from hearing Sherlock’s last name attached to his. “Yeah…maybe…work can be pretty demanding.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations. Cheers.
“What, Sherlock?”
Live Nudes In Charcoal
Molly shook her head, her brown ponytail waving behind her shoulders, brushing against her white lab coat. She motioned to the morgue door and walked over. Her hand rested on the silver handle. “I have to get back to Mr. Garrideb. I have two more postmortems after him. I’ll probably see you both later.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John snorted when he heard Sherlock mutter from the window. “Dull.”
“Mycroft and I had a conversation earlier.”
“Ah.”
John grinned and sat on the edge of the bed, avoiding getting rammed by the railing. Sherlock’s larger hands perched between his, pale fingers danced in the shelter of John’s hands. “Yes. I know you and you know me. What did he want?”
“Mary’s fine. I always liked Mary, for what it’s worth.”
“Fair enough.”
John nodded over the dark skinned man on the pavement next to the woman. “This one sustained three shots to the lower left quadrant. He bled out slowly, didn’t die from his wounds right away.”
John’s pride wouldn’t take that. If anything, Sherlock’s tune was about to change if John had a say in it. It started with putting a hand back on Sherlock’s cock stroking the hard flushed length slowly. John popped the opening of the lube with the other hand, slicked his two fingers, and rubbed them against his thumb to warm up the thick liquid.
It looked like the detective wanted to something else other than the request for butter chicken and naan. He didn’t know if he could ask. Sherlock had said, repeated what he had told him, ‘All you have to do is ask’. But whatever they were, or getting too, did it qualify for questioning Sherlock about his aborted needs or wants? They hadn’t discussed what they or are not, with defining titles. Sherlock and him had agreed to be ‘All in.’ Sherlock said that his life was John’s, which seemed more like a marriage proposal now that John reflected on it. Was it? Or was Sherlock just stating something? Like his intentions before? At the most, it was a promise. Sherlock would never leave him behind again, and in turn, John couldn’t leave Sherlock.
His face snapped back to the present moment. His hands had paused on Sherlock’s forearm. He studied the detective’s face, looking for something that he would probably never see because he wasn’t Sherlock. When he found grey eyes shining silver from the small light from the sitting room, John closed his, knowing that he couldn’t win two staring matches in a row. “What’s this about?”
John crossed his arms, smiling in the doorway. “So, to Bart’s then?”
John grimaced, remembering that morning from years ago, when they first began as flatmates. He had a nightmare, and must have caught Sherlock’s attention because the next thing John knew, he had aimed his gun at the doorway, at Sherlock. He remembered his heart pounding, his hand solid and true, and cold sweat rolling down his spine. He had been close to shooting Sherlock. After that morning, John had angled the mirror at the door- in case he woke up with his gun in hand, the mirror would be the first victim. John blinked, going back to the man pacing in the small room.
John smiled, hovering next to the doorway. “I met his parents.  His mother was lovely, not a bit rude at all. It’s just Sherlock…and Mycroft.”
“Enough to know that she wouldn’t be my wife,” John retorted. “Not really.”
‘Sherlock left. I don’t know where. Sorry. I was gone for five minutes. –Molly’
He yawned against his own will as he spoke. “All positions are masculine when there’s two men involved, Sherlock.”
He exhaled sharply, and then flinched with the car door next to him opened. Before John could demand what was going on, a brown bag was disposed on his lap. Aroma from the spicy curry drifted underneath his nose. “So you think that Moriarty is alive then?”
“You’ll find out soon enough, John,” replied Mary with a light smile as she walked to the door. That smile was something that didn’t settle well with John. “I have a call to make. AJ, stay with them.”
“WHY DIDN’T YOU SAY SO? FIVE MINUTES!”
He pondered what he was going to say to Sherlock. Or even if he was going to say anything to Sherlock. God! John had to say something, Sherlock would be able to take one look at him and just know that he was with Mycroft. How the hell was he supposed to stay silent about everything? In front of the man who notices everything no less! How was he supposed to look Sherlock in the eyes, knowing that Sherlock had risked everything for him? Knowing that Moriarty could be out there, but never confirmed by Mycroft. Jesus! It was a mess.
“I’m dead anyway. I killed three people!”
John rolled his eyes, knowing that Sherlock was beginning to work himself in a snit for the rest of the night, ending with him pouting on the sofa. “Sherlock, you were also confident that the Joe Bloggs did kill Oliver Izard. You said as much back at Barts earlier.”
He tossed the plug into the sink, hard silicon clattered against porcelain. The sound loud and clear in the bathroom, along with his heavy breathing. John wasn’t going to need that. He decided in that moment that he wasn’t going to go through with his first plan of working the plug back into Sherlock’s body. Not until he got a chance to touch Sherlock first. Few shaky steps later, he paused before the tub, feeling the spray of water land on his feet. Sherlock pulled out of the water, and held out a hand to John.
There was satisfaction and guilt when her mouth clamped shut and a look of surprise on her face. John offered no apologies even if part of his outburst stemmed from the devastation that he felt downstairs watching the victim’s boyfriend grieve. The dismay had soaked into his skin and the feelings rushed over him when he entered into the flat through the kitchen.
The view above him was wondrous.
He dipped his fingers inside again, savouring the heat that surrounded the tips of his fingers. John bit his bottom lip, knowing just how that heat felt around, squeezing his own cock into completion. He let out a small groan himself, and focused on what pleasure he was giving to Sherlock. It seemed the detective was as impatient as before, canting his hips to meet the smallest thrusts of John’s fingers.
“He is. One of the best men I know.”
John shook his head. “Not a problem with that, no. Slightly off -putting that you’re pleased with death threats.”
John looked down at himself. He also noted he that he was, in fact, tied to a chair, and a bit indecent with all of his skin on display since he forwent his pants upstairs back at the flat. And his gun was still on the kitchen table, which was stupid in hindsight. The rope or whatever it was, bit into his bare wrists and his ankles. He shifted uselessly to cover himself with the dressing gown. It didn’t work.
“That was one of my questions, yes. Another is, where were you going to meet Moriarty for the trade?”
“I think that’s enough soaking for a week. Our skin’s pruning.”
Rodriguez left almost immediately, but Ryan had to talk to the judge’s clerk and fill out the paperwork for the warrant and fax it over, and they ended up taking Roz’s Jeep—Ryan had an Accord with a car seat in the middle of the back—and Ryan had to get gloves and evidence bags out of her trunk, so they were still on the freeway when the text came.
“How’s your search for how Moran’s prison evasion?”
“What happened to ‘most likely unarmed’?” he questioned, thankful that the panic  had started to subside and didn’t carry in his voice. He shouldn’t have been panicking in the first place. Being shot at was nothing new. John shook his head, tightened his grip on his gun. Sherlock was here, ignoring his personal space as always. It was fine. Everything was fine.
“Where are the numbers now?”
“The plug was a surprise. I was going to shove it back in you after you flinted about.”
John scowled venomously, and he bit out. “Not for long.”
A/N: So, happy belated thanksgiving if you celebrate it- happy thursday if you didn't. Either way, I hope your day was fantastic. Meant to update this a lot sooner, but writing those other chapters makes me busy. Thank you for all the feedback, guys. I was looking back at previous chapters, and I said that this fic would be finished at Chapter 25- oh poor naive me. Anyways, here's the next. Thank you to my beta Whitehart.
A voice John had burned into the back of his mind. The voice in his ear while he was strapped with C4, right at this spot. The voice of the man who caused nothing but pain and sadness in their lives… it echoed, “Because after all, I’m still here.”
Two pairs of feet ran by the bar, the owners chuckling and talking lowly. The light clicked off, drowning the pub in darkness again. A door slammed in the distance. Moans radiated from upstairs, along with a rhythmic scraping sound. John swallowed heavily. Placing a hand on the bar, he stood carefully, stunned to find his knees were a bit weak. He tucked his gun away. Heat flushed over his face when he found Sherlock staring at him with his calculative eyes before turning away. He followed Sherlock through the pub, going out the back door, thankfully without a bell overhead.
Pain radiated inside and outside his torso, where his seat beat was and did it the job of holding him in. The remains of the airbag were sagged in his lap, thankfully deployed. Still, John felt as though he had been either punched in the face, or kicked in the jaw again. Either way, it hurts. But better than having his face smashed in, though he also wasn’t in a rush to repeat it.
“Another what?” asked John.
John was already halfway down the hallway. “Thank you.”
“So, it’s waiting then.”
“Yes.”
“Try the nightstand.”
“Do I?”
“Stop thinking. It’s tedious when you do it.”
“Then where does that leave us?” John asked when the kitchen fell silent. “What about the knife from the first scene? What about commonalities between Oliver Izard and the other victims? How are they being chosen?”
“Nope.”
“Coming…really? Puns are unbecoming of you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“I’m planning on it,” Lestrade retorted then started bellowing orders around the scene. He turned back to John. “Don’t let Sherlock talk to anyone until I get there. Especially the shooter.” Then Lestrade added, “Or Donovan.”
John groaned when another thump, louder than the first echoed from downstairs. He got out of bed deciding that he should help her in whatever she was doing. He grabbed one of Sherlock’s dressing gowns out of the wardrobe and covered himself up. Mrs. Hudson did not need to see that part of him.
“I would never. Not for Mary.”
He snatched up files from the nearest table and quickly moved to the cold chambers, then he froze with the paperwork in his hands. John watched as Sherlock slowly turned back to Molly. Green eyes narrowed at her. “Especially…-”
“Well observed, but as much as I want us both to fit comfortably in a bigger tub, this works better for our purpose.”
“You shouldn’t send him a cake.”
“I would rather not.”
John exhaled. He had agreed to tell Sherlock everything, but he did not quite know where to start. How should he start? What should he start with? Moriarty? The third sibling? Mycroft’s blackmail about Mary, and his ‘all in’ with Sherlock. Sebastian Moran’s mobile numbers that were now gone? What would anyone start with? What would Sherlock obsess with more? What else would John have to add to the investigation list after finishing this case?
“You’re showing your age. I had an implant from the beginning,” Mummy said.
Late in the evening, she finally stirred, long lashes flickering. She looked, for a minute, briefly disoriented before she caught his eye, when she smiled her slow, knowing smile. “I’ll have that wine now,” she purred.
“We need you,” Sholto said softly. “Back in England. We need alphas like you, John.”
“Well, yeah,” John said, looking at him curiously “So, like I said…don’t wear yourself out.” He took a step toward the door, looked back, grabbed Sherlock and gave him a last quick kiss, and wrenched himself with visible effort out the door.
“God no,” Sherlock said, recoiling at the thought of an academic conference.
, and that was highly educational. He was able to observe the two men having anal intercourse and also had his first experience with anilingus. He met up with a German at a campsite in Death Valley and had sex on a blanket under a sky filled with astonishing stars.
That was all. No more had been written, and the letter was unsigned.
Sherlock’s eyes were fixed on John, his face white and still. John hoped fervently that he was thinking up a plan. He still wasn’t entirely sure what Jim hoped to accomplish with all this—he couldn’t think this would help his father?—but he was no longer as confident of their chances of getting out of it, especially as Mick had now been joined by two equally hulking friends.
Stephen is eleven months clean and working steadily. Sherlock checks in on him, and would be shocked to learn that the thought of disappointing Sherlock has kept Stephen from falling on more than one occasion. Nasir graduated from hairdressing school, turned eighteen, and with a bit of help from John got a job at Lady Fitz-Hugh-Curtis’s favored salon, where he is very popular.
“We’re not going to be hanged. We’re not going to be exonerated either, but that doesn’t matter. We’re going to be convicted and sent to the reform school, and then we’re going to run away.”
