He makes Tony coffee. He doesn’t agree with Steve’s switch. He thinks, at first, he might have tried to drag him along with it, because caffeine is bad for you and Tony’s always used it as a substitute for a real night’s sleep. He had humoured Steve, for a while. Couple weeks, maybe. It’s fine. Life’s short, so, take your comforts where you can, right?
He looks at him. Frowns. “Stupid bitch,” he mutters, rolling his eyes, and gripping Tony by the throat.
“Where is home, Gus?” The conversation will help. He’s tired, he’s thirsty. He hasn’t eaten since the plane journey with Pepper. He needs this.
Tony waggles his eyebrows, lights up anyway; Rogers plucks it, straight from between his teeth, and puts it out on the back of his own hand.
“Tony, there’s nothing you could have done. I ran with Buck because you wouldn’t listen. I knew he was innocent, I knew it. And if I had left him with Ross, I never would have seen him again.”
“Sir,” someone replies, respectfully, and some of the footsteps fall away. Tony blinks hurriedly, shuffles himself back further against the wall. He can’t even scent well, because his nose is blocked with mucus.
Christmas, unfortunately, is rapidly approaching. It’s two months. Tony has not yet visited Rhodey in the hospital, nor has he called Pepper. She also hasn’t called him, not once. Tony knows that his attempted suicide was pretty widely reported, and he knows Pepper isn’t cruel. He figures she must be going something of her own, and decides to let that be.
Tony is silent. He kisses Steve on the cheek before he turns out the bedside lamp. “Get some rest,” he says quietly, and settles down to sleep.
Steve feels his feet in motion. He raises the space stone above his head. “It’s here!” He calls out. “It’s here, I found it.”
“You smell like that fucking no-name tech,” Steve grunts, pushing his knee between Tony’s thighs, “and I never know what you want.”
Steve digs his fingers into Tony’s wrists, not hard, but firm enough to ground. “Feel me,” he says, “do you feel me?”
"I just," Steve rubs the back of his head "I don't know. It gave me headspace, it gave him grounding. Having him safe made me feel like... it made me feel like I was doing something right."
It’s not that Tony felt he was owed anything – he isn’t. But he’d still been… sick. Ill, with what happened with Killian. And while he never expected Steve to be there, the idea that he’d felt no obligation at all…
“You’ve still got Murray stuck on you, did you know that? Now,” Steve says, in a patient, explanatory voice that is somehow both domineering and kind, “I figure you want me to get that nasty scent off of you. Or maybe, Murray didn’t give you all you wanted, and you’re still a little bit riled up. Well, I’m pack alpha, so I can help you out, Tony. That’s what I’m here for.”
“I can walk,” he clarifies, after a particularly emotional reunion. “But two years spent in a bed? I’m a little rusty.”
Tony feels his eye twitch. “Well why bring it up then, Steve,” he hears himself saying. “What’s the point? To make me feel like shit? To make me feel like a slut, or a dumb bitch who just gets
i know tony's an unreliable narrator. please keep that in mind -- he doesn't always interpret things the way they actually are, for lots of reasons. anyway, want to hear how you think their relationship is shaping up, specifically how steve feels about tony compared to how tony feels about steve. this stuff is practice for me idk i just really want to know if the things i'm trying to get across are........ coming across
This goes on for a time. Nothing Steve says can calm him down. Eventually, at some point in the two hour drive, Tony does fall asleep. His knuckles are bloodied.
He’s absently pushing spaghetti around a pot when it happens. The security lock disengages. The door opens.
Tony wants to reach out and stroke his hair, but he is in DC, and Tony is in New York, and it might as well be the other side of the world. “Steve, with respect,” he says, as tactful as possible, “you were not in any position to be constructing – grand plans, or noble feats. You stopped those omegas from facing a – fucking awful fate, understand? Being – being raped to death, Steve, by soldiers, is not – it’s not – it was them, or the men. And you’re a
She smiles, and when Steve holds out his hand, pulls him into a hug. “It’s alright,” she says, stroking the back of his head, “c’mon, Captain. I’ve just finished dinner.”
“Let me paint you a picture,” Pierce is saying. “Are you listening, Captain, because I’m only going to say this once.”
Tony cracks open his eyes, smiles softly. “Steve,” he mumbles, sighing when he ducks down to kiss his brow. “You’re back. And you’re all… wet.”
“It’s not funny. It’s awful. I dream about it every night. But I’m glad it gives you some enjoyment in your sad, pathetic life.”
Steve bumps his brow against Tony’s. “Well it’s alright now, isn’t it?” He says, softly. Tony nods. Let’s his head fall against Steve’s shoulder.
But then, Tony sees him, a figure across the bridge. He sees Tony, too; he must. But he doesn’t move.
And he sings, softly, or loudly. He would stand on the roof and smoke, singing Steve’s favourites while wrapped in his sweater. When you cut through the bravado, and act, and put-on mannerisms, Steve learns that Tony is clever, in the most pure sense of the word. He learns that he loves music. He learns that while his moods can oscillate depending on his day at work, he always has time for Steve. And while the age gap is big, Tony is not quite as modern as he puts on.
Tony shuts his eyes. Steve strokes him. “Well, just so you know what you’re dealing with. I’m sorry,” he murmurs, “that it’s the world I come with. I wish I didn’t. I wish I was…”
“Maybe over dinner?” Steve blurts. Tony grinds to a halt. “I mean – if you’re not busy. Maybe over some dinner, I don’t know.”
He humours him, lathering the digits with spit. When Steve smirks up at him, as if to say ‘silent so soon?’ he bites them, just to prove a point. It’s gratifying to hear him gasp with the pain of it.
“What I did to you, those last years, if I could take it back. If I could take back every second, every word, every punch — “
Someone gently takes the bowl from his hands. He feels himself being held, positioned. Someone takes his blanket, rests him horizontally, picks up his legs and presses them gently together, tucks him in. Faintly, Tony blinks, but the room is hazy; his friends blur in warm shades, browns and yellows, flickering fire. The someone presses a hand to his head, just once, comforting. He can hear them talking, but he’s still stuck in the Before, remembering, and being happy.
Steve had not seen Tony at all between the fight in Siberia and the psychiatric ward. After Ross was denounced, and the Accords with him, Steve knew there would be a show of investigating Tony, of seeing what side was on, but Fury had assured him that he would never press charges, that it was all formalities. And he was wrong.
Times like this Tony wants to bash the side of his head with his fist, knock his head against the wall. The meds hook themselves down in his head and the whispers fade. Tony hates the meds, hates them, but loves that nothing matters, that he can find joy it the simplest tasks, that he no longer cares he’s a virtual prisoner with nothing to his name but regret.
He shakes his head futilely, once, because he can feel Steve’s gentle fingers creeping into the down of his feathers, fingers carelessly tucking themselves into the softness. “No,” he gasps. “I meant – Jesus, Rogers, I was just drunk.”
also, i'd REALLY like to know 1) what you think of steve and how he came across and 2) what pierce's endgame is
Natasha takes his hand away, jerking it sharply to the bed. She sighs, sounding exhausted. "Okay," she says "too soon. Steve'll be here in a minute, okay?"
“No, Tony,” Steve says firmly. “Keep your eyes here. Look at me. At me, that’s it. Just keep looking here, nowhere else.”
He’s slid his hand onto Tony’s nape, holding him. Firm. Not quite to the point of pain, but – a warning.
Tony deliberates. “If you’re going to do that, you need to let me know. We need to do it together, or else there can be implications. United front.”
When Steve comes back, he’s not wearing the apron. “C’mon,” he says, pulling his coat off of a hook, “wear this.”
Steve spins when he feels fingers ghost his neck. “I’m here,” Tony whispers, and there’s gold again, spilling from his fingertips, hovering over Steve’s skin but never touching. “You can’t touch me,” he says “I won’t let you.”
Tony moves to the sink, turns it on using his wrists, and runs his bloody hands under the cold water. “That’s not the – yeah it was obvious." Steve admits "We’ve all been there. No one’s judging.”
You fucking patronising bastard, the first voice hisses. He has less pull these days, Tony thinks. The urge to kill himself has lessened. Oh, he’s unhappy, sure. But he’s less inclined to end it. He sees now that there is a potential for life outside of this compound. Even if he never leaves, he takes enjoyment now from simple things: Mosely, walking him in the mornings, his chats with Sarah and the books he reads. He thinks he might just hold on awhile, see how life goes.
He’s saying something, but it’s blurry in Tony’s ears. He strains his eyes desperately to his peripherals, pulls back his chin, as fucking submissive as he comes. Please don’t touch me. Please don’t touch me. Please don’t touch me. Pierce is saying,
“Uh,” he hears himself say, frowning at the cards. “He was my friend,” he says, “and – and I loved him.”
Tony brings his knees up to his chest, stares pointedly in the other direction. Shrugs. “Yeah,” he says.
“This isn’t going to end, you hear me? Not even you can find where I’ve put those tapes. I’ve got digital copies, physical copies, and there is nothing in this world that would make me give them up. Not any meeting, no amount of money, you hear? Not unless I had some guarantee that you and I, that we would be a team. You understand, don’t you?”
Tony looks up. Flicks his eyes upwards, rather. “You don’t need to act his way on my behalf, you know.”
“May I?” Pierce asks, quietly, holding out his hand. Tony understands. He gives it back, and lets Pierce pat at the places on his head where he’s pulled his hair so hard he’s bled.
“Too good to be true,” Steve huffs, fisting his hand in the back of his hair, biting sharply at the juncture between neck and shoulder. “Fucking knew it.”
They’re there, All of them. Peggy, Dugan, Gabe and Monty. Jim and Jaques and Erksine. And Tony, standing, watching, smiling. In the months before his death, Tony had lost weight. Now, he stands like he did the day they first met, tall, strong, healthy. He raises his eyebrows like he’s daring Steve to say something, and Steve lurches forward, tries to catch him in his hands, pull him close.
He’s tucked his head between his knees, hands gripping his hair as tight as they can (subversively, Steve notes that Tony’s physio must be going well), and makes this low, groaning noise from behind clenched teeth. Steve twists, reaches out a hand, and Tony snaps, starts kicking the back of Sam’s chair over, and over, and over. Sam cries ‘watch that!’ but Tony keeps kicking, balling up a mixture of rage and panic and throwing it out through his feet and into the passenger seat.
The song is ‘It’s All Over But The Crying’. Tony rests a hand on Steve’s hip, and curls his fingers around his palm. They don’t dance, not like they used to, Tony couldn’t take that. But they sway, and Tony lays the side of his head against Steve’s chest. He fits neatly beneath Steve’s chin, his hair tickling his neck. He sings, for what feels like the first time in decades. Tony’s voice is smooth, and strong. He’s warm in Steve’s arms, and he allows himself a smile against the crown of Tony’s head, allows himself to feel a burst of hope, and happiness.
"I’ll be sure it doesn’t," Obadiah growled, turning Tony’s head to face the television screen, clicking a button on the his remote and suddenly, the camera feed to the gym, kitchen and living room have no signal.
When Toni opened her eyes, she was lying flat on a slab of stone facing the decaying face of a hunter. The creature laid only six feet away, legs buckled and snapped from the fall. It was immobilized, but that didn’t stop the thing from desperately reaching its hand out towards her, fingers scraping at the ground beneath them. It opened its mouth repeatedly, but no sound escaped except a rasping sigh.
She passed the kitchen on the left, eyes locked on the door on the far right end of the hallway. What had that been about? She must be working on the right track with how jumpy Ty is getting. She’ll have to pull back a bit until lunch. It would be better to catch them off-guard as best as she could to prevent them from being able to establish some kind of lie before she outright questioned them. That seemed to be the best course- A muffled sound caught her attention.
She could have just left Bucky’s pistol on him, but she had taken it to prove the point that she could. “I know you’re upset,” Steve started, holding a hand out towards his lover. “But take a minute and breathe, alright? We’ll figure this out.”
“Shot him,” Toni muttered under her breath as her heel hit the gas pedal. Bucky’s grunt was his only sign of approval.
“That’s not a bad idea at all,” Bucky agreed. “I just don’t want you blaming yourself for all of this.”
“Not particularly. They entire continent is shitty.” They didn’t have access to electricity or news, but Bucky had to imagine that the rest of the world was just as fucked. “We’re just moving from town to town, trying to make it by. What? Did you have a destination in mind, Miss I-Don’t-Need-Anyone?”
The redhead hummed, straightening up and opening the door. “I know you’re not happy with having to stay here, but know that we’ll look out for you. Especially after what you did for Bucky.”
Steve jabbed the power switch on the blender, the green whirlpool stilling into a tranquil lake. He poured the contents of his smoothie into a glass, taking a sip just as the doorbell rang. That, in itself, was an odd event. With the guards out front, very few people were allowed the ability to reach his front door, save for the occasional Girl Scout or neighbor. Friends and employees typically walked straight in, and business partners had scheduled meetings. Steve set his drink aside and drifted from the kitchen into the foyer, eyes flicking towards the bench beside the coat closet that housed a pistol beneath its cushion. Tugging open the mahogany door, Steve found a man carefully folding his jacket over his arm. There was a suspicious bag at his feet. The visitor glanced up, offering Steve a tight smile that seemed more out of curtesy than sincerity. Steve got the vague feeling he was meeting someone that wasn’t his biggest fan. “May I help you?”
Tony’s body slowly relaxed as Steve rubbed his thumb into the tense muscle at the base of his neck where it met his shoulder. “God, that feels good,“ Tony mumbled, practically melting under Steve’s touch.
“By the way he made it sound, I thought I had a few years before I had to worry about him pulling out.” Steve slumped down into his desk chair, resting the cool glass of his drink against his temple in a vain attempt to quell his throbbing headache. “My deal with Fury is in two weeks and if I don’t provide the inventory he’s purchasing, I’m going to be losing money.
“And now you’re back in the game. What’s your plan for the day?” Natasha asked as Steve unbuttoned his dress shirt.
And as much as Toni would like to claim that the entire property served as a testament to the fact that the great, reserved Steve Rogers did have a decadent bone in his body, she knew that every amenity on the lot served a specific purpose. The pool and gym were for Steve and his crew to stay in perfect condition to enforce their business, while the office and library were for Steve to keep on top of his paperwork and related content. Even the grand dining room and lounge were only in place in the event that Steve might need to host business partners and donors. The only self-indulgent part of the whole entire place seemed to be the gardens.
Glancing around, Bucky slowly moved to the back office, ignoring the club music that was still pumping loudly with the strobe lights. He pressed his ear to the door, hearing a soft shuffle inside. Kicking open the door, Bucky aimed his gun and glanced around. Bucky looked around the small, empty office, frowning at the open window. What was the point of that?
Clint took pride in his ability to notice anything and everything; his eyesight was what earned him the name ‘Hawkeye’ on the street. And his eyes definitely picked up on the way Tony’s shoulders tensed the slightest bit. “Went to bed,” Tony hummed around a mouthful of cereal, turning in his chair to flash a smile at Clint. “I was exhausted.”
“Two years ago. Steve came into the business when he was seventeen, working under his father to learn the trade. When he was twenty-one, his dick of a father died and Steve was left to take over. It was rough at first but we were all trying and things were scraping by. Then, by the time he’s twenty-three, Steve met your father and business really took off,” Bucky started, knocking back another sip.
Bucky woke with a soft groan, whole body aching with the effort to even breath. Last he remembered, he was waking briefly after a painful surgery only to find that his left arm had been amputated. Part of him hoped it was a dream, although he knew better. Honestly, he felt lucky that the arm was the only thing he lost considering how close that grenade had been. The question was, where the hell was he?
Obadiah let Tony down a long hallway to the final door, grinning over his shoulder to Tony as he swiped a key card through the locking mechanism. “I think you’ll be impressed with this workspace I’ve set up for you," he said as he pushed the door open.
“This it?” Steve interrupted the two, coming to a stop before a large building that encompassed an entire block, from one intersection to the next. “Door’s blocked by newspaper racks and furniture displays.”
“No offense, Ms. Stark, but Obadiah was a family friend too,” Steve responded carefully, and that comment alone was enough to turn Toni’s expression darker.
"Dinner’s ready," Bruce said in the doorway to the basement, flinching ever so slightly as Steve’s fist connected with Loki’s jaw. This is why he hated the basement. It was the room Steve designated for interrogations, mostly because of its bleak cement floors and dark walls. The room stood empty with nothing but a chair in the center. It made Bruce feel nervous even walking by.
Tony nodded eagerly, avoiding Steve’s eyes as he moved past Bucky to the kitchen. Steve sighed softly, watching him leave before following Bucky out.
Ty snorted from beside her, lifting his head and giving Toni a look. “Missing? From the way you described it, sounds like he’s dead to me. I mean bullet holes, blood?”
Toni sighed, trying to run through anything on his agenda for the day that could possible piss him off. “Is this about Fury at the police department? I know dad’s been back and forth with him lately.”
“Ran into our new friend. Smith? Finally got him to take that deal he’s been so fickle about. He just need some…” Steve could practically hear Bucky’s grin. “Encouragement.”
“I’m sorry, Rogers. Are we boring you?” Ty’s eyes flicked towards Steve’s phone, and there was a brief flicker of disdain in his otherwise smug expression.
Justin opened his mouth to argue, but Toni was already stepping free from his grip and answering for herself.. “I don’t see why not,” she assured, those words acting as enough of a dismissal for Justin to release her.
The brunette didn’t seem too satisfied with the answer, but she didn’t argue further and for that, Bucky was grateful. The guards at the gate waved along her car, allowing Toni to speed down the driveway and towards the front walk where Steve was already waiting for them on the porch. The car came to a stop, and Bucky only had a second to straighten himself out in the backseat before Steve was opening the door for him. The blonde was patient, carefully helping Bucky step out of the car. “Thank God you’re alive,” Steve breathed, smoothing his hands over Bucky’s shoulders.
Toni took the seat, sliding her bag from her shoulder and placing it in her lap. “I show respect to the men who earn it.”
Clint looked up as they entered the kitchen, frowning as Tony rubbed his neck and slumped into a chair. “What happened to you?” Clint asked, setting a bowl of cereal in front of Tony.
In fact, Toni was going to make a point to comment on the house’s horrendous security as she stalked up the front walk and through the front door with no resistance. Hell, a brief flash of her ID and a quick glance at the license plate on her father’s town car was all it took for Toni to pass the guards at the front gate on the driveway.
“I’m a busy man, Mr. Stone,” Steve replied in exasperation, opening a text from Bucky and standing. So the manager was stealing from Steve’s shipments. “And that business requires me to go deal with an issue. I am afraid I will have to cut this meeting short.”
Clint shrugged slowly, leaning against the edge of the table beside Bruce and looking over the papers the doctor was studying. “Not really. Loki wont budge and if he doesn’t soon, I’m pretty sure Steve will beat him to death."
Tony offered a weak groan when Bucky sat him up gently, letting him rest his back against his chest for support. “I’m sorry. Obadiah wanted answers and I couldn’t…I couldn’t
“The two geeks have been locked in that lab all day,” Bucky replied, biting into a slice of garlic bread.
Tony’s eyes narrowed up to Steve. “You just wanna be the one to kick my ass, don't you?” Tony huffed, poking Steve’s chest.
Tony glanced to the large, blonde agent standing by the door, blue eyes narrowed on Tony. “Yes." Tony mumbled quietly and looking away. “Agent Donovan," Tony recalled the name with a shiver.
Natasha followed the dark scorch marks on the floor, moving to the toppled cabinet in the corner. “It must have been hidden in here," she huffed softly, crouching down to study what little remained in the corner.
Loki wasn’t stupid; he knew what Steve’s “little talks" consisted of. But that didn’t deter Loki, who was tilting his chin up with a show of courage. “Of course we do."
Letting them in on her destination and its importance had been a risky move, uncharacteristic for Toni and how careful she liked to be. But the brunet man had taken the information happily, not appreciative of the knowledge itself, but rather what the knowledge signified: a step towards trust. A step towards her acceptance of this group. And Toni had to admit, she appreciated his reciprocity. She had felt vulnerable after revealing so much to him, but he had returned the sentiment and it was… a good sign for Toni. A sign that they were moving past the ugliness of their first meeting.
Bucky hugged him tightly when Tony trailed off, hoping to sooth the now shivering man. “Shh, Tony, it’s okay. No one blames you for giving in. I would’ve too, if I were you. I promise, we’re gonna get out of here and when we do, you can have the first shot at Stane. Deal?”
She paused in her lipstick application, meeting his eyes briefly in the mirror before continuing. “Somehow, I’m sure I’ll survive,” she taunted, dragging the red coloring over her lower lip as Ty’s arm snaked around her waist.
“Indefinitely,” Toni muttered, taking a slice for herself and taking a bite. She watched him for a moment in the dim visibility provided by the light over the stove. “You’re looking better.”
Toni’s jaw clenched a fraction of an inch, her gaze locked on the swirls of pink and purple light at the horizon that faded into navy blue the higher she looked in the sky. A chance encounter that wasn’t actually up to chance. At the time, she had just been a woman in a bar, talking to a man who had the balls to approach her. Drinks turned into a date, one date into many dates, many dates into engagement, and engagement into betrayal. Toni prided herself in avoiding manipulative people, in building friends who wanted her attention and not her father’s, and her own fiancé was the one to use her. To marry her so that he could keep an eye on her, keep her out of the way, gain power.
“Bucky invited him to join us,” Clint said as he stretched his arms, warming up at his own punching bag while Bruce and Bucky filed in.
As soon as Steve and the boys arrived at the club, they found Natasha and Phil crouching behind two overturned tables. “Clint, get up high: I want your eyes on the whole scene. Bucky, take your rifle and follow him: I want you picking those bastards off. Thor, you and I are going to get Bruce over to Phil. Everyone got it?"
"I’ll mind," Bucky’s growl filled the room as he grabbed the back of Donovan’s shirt, throwing the agent away and too the ground with a harsh glare. “Don’t you have a job to do?" He snapped before turning his attention to Tony.
“Wow, you really care,” Bucky drawled, offering the woman a lazy smile as she approached the bed. “Stark, this is Dr. Bruce Banner, our physician on call. Doc, this is Toni Stark.”
“Fuck,” Steve breathes, exhales, wiping his eyes and pulling his legs beneath him. “What am I doing, I’m – “ he brings it up to his face, lets his brow rest against the cool, smooth face. “Tony,” he wheezes, face crumpling, tears coming, now. “I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry, I’m so, fucking sorry.”
to extend his protection. He thumbs the bruises on his throat; what had happened then, he wonders. Does he remember Pierce on top of him, leaving those marks? Steve will say, how could you, Tony. He’s an old man. Couldn’t you have kept it in your pants, not even for one night? What reason did you have to act that way?
Few people are still up. It looks like Potts, Rhodes and Vision held their own sort of wake, one that Steve and company were not allowed to be part of. There are pictures strewn across the coffee table, a younger Tony with a green wig and prank glasses in the shape of a star, cigarette in mouth and eyes wide with drugs, probably. Tony in swimming trunks, much, much younger, most likely as a young boy, beaming proudly. Others, of Howard and Maria holding a baby in their arms, and Tony on his dad’s shoulders. Then, Tony on Rhodey’s shoulders, both of them grinning manically wearing college sweaters, a birthday party and cake, twenty-seven candles and Tony’s face lit by flame, Tony reaching out across a bed, laughing, while the person who takes the photo snaps him in movement.
“I’m not a future-teller, Rogers,” Tony mutters tersely. “How was I supposed to know the order had changed?”
“Tony was happy. No one else was, but – he managed it. Had his wife. Had his daughter. I put ideas in his head, I – practically made him. I signed his death warrant.”
Fury pierces the peel of the fruit with his thumb. “You sleep like the dead, Tony. D’you know that?” He slides a piece into his mouth, chews.
“I’m the cleverest person anyone knows.” Tony doesn’t want to come tonight. He’s tired. He’s not in the mood. He’ll come, if Steve wants to hear him. He thinks, maybe I can fake it. It’s not like he’ll know the difference.
Slowly, Steve curls his hand in the back of Tony's hair. He pulls back his head, tugs him off his cock, face flushed and dribble making it's way past his swollen lips down his chin. A string of pre-cum slips and joins the mess making it's way down his neck, and Steve thumbs at his lower lip, feels the wetness. "I want to fuck your mouth." He says, mildly.
His voice is stern and soft, like a teacher. His thumbs dig into the worn, knotted muscle that thickens his shoulders. They press, right into a thick lump of tissue that’s been sending pressure into the back of his head for days since he took flight from the top of tower. He can’t help dropping his head, just a little, letting him work the thumb deeper. “Yeah,” he agrees, clearing his throat. “Well – hey, I respect you. Cap.”
He switches off the nightlight. In the dark, Tony’s scars seem to burn, like brands. Sharp bracelets. He entertains this thought: a warm day, the smell of freshly mown grass. There’s a child, small and blond, running into Alpha’s arms, and he picks him up, swings him round until he’s screaming with laugher. Tony buries his nose into the crown of his baby’s head, fresh and soft, burbling happily on his lap. And he leans back against the tree trunk, so Alpha can kiss his cheek, and ask him about his day.
He knew. The kid would have known, then. Watched the others disappear into dust and feared it, felt it. “Bucky was the first to go,” Steve whispers. “He was there, and then he wasn’t.”
Sam is looking at him, one hand resting on his chin, because he knows Steve is lying. “Sure,” he says, nods. “Sure. Well if you need to talk — “
He comes, good and hot and solid, and Steve follows Tony long after. He pulls himself off his cock before he can knot, sits himself on Steve’s waist, his wet ass grinding against the skin of his stomach. He groans, throws back his head. “That was nice,” he says.
“I should thank you,” Pierce nods, exhaling, flicking ash into a tray. “I’m not sure Fury ever could have convinced him. And it’s not like Rumlow’s a prize in himself,” he snorts.
Tony turns and looks at Steve’s tear-soaked face. Why is he crying, what does he have to cry about? He won, he doesn’t have to worry about anything. Tony can hear the people at the bottom of the lake calling him, they want him to live there. And Tony won’t have to worry about anything, he can be safe in the mud, warm and covered and alone. So he bites Steve’s arm and Steve cries out, releasing him, so he can wade in, thick.
I could understand if – he’s an old man, Tony. He’s vulnerable like that, please. Don’t tell me… you wouldn’t, would you? Not really.”
“You’d pushed yourself into the corner. And – I don’t need to remind you, how bad the wounds were. I think you knew it too, even though you hadn’t seen yourself, because you kept asking. Over and over. ‘Am I alright? Do I look pretty?’”
He’s bleeding again. Drip. Drip. From his nose. Steve gently tips back his head with his broad, strong hand. Smears it away with some water. Tony shuts his eyes.
“Jury’s out.” Tony climbs off his lap, stretches his jaw. “I don’t think I can go back to that ballroom, now.”
“Steve!” Tony recoils, the violence shocking him. He scatters back, palms slapping against the floor. “What are you – “
Tony can’t move. He barely tightens his fingers in the Soldier’s uniform. “Bucky Barnes,” he murmurs, whispers, more air than word, “I know you.”
“What I need to know is – “ Fury sighs, heavily, “for various reasons, obviously, your safety being paramount and… just so we’re clear. You were,” he’s squinting at the note on his desk, “a happy, healthy, and enthusiastic participant.”
Tony shrugs. “It’s quiet. I got used to it. Nobody used the pool when you were gone. I like the water.”
“And meanwhile, he had you play the good son, with the contracts, and the – informal contracts.” Pierce holds up his hand. “I’m shtum,” he says, “as far as anyone else knows, nothing happened, nothing at all. They’re certainly not going to hear from me.”
So this accidentally got plotty. Lots of it. Just a warning -- it's not going to be a sweet, happy story. Which isn't saying that there isn't an eventual happy ending, but both characters go to some DARK places and do some bad, bad things.
Steve stills his head, drawing his fingers through his hair. He holds his fingers in place, smiling down at Tony while the other man is happy to just sit there with Steve's fingers in his mouth. He draws them out with a turgid 'pop' and wipes them clean on Tony's cheek, revelling in the way Tony blushes just slightly.
Steve wakes him at the rest-stop to ask if he wants anything. Tony says no, so Steve gets him some water and a packet of sweets. Stupidly, he doesn’t think about the fact Tony won’t be able to hold them himself, and so Tony is forced to submit to the indignity of Steve unscrewing the cap of the bottle and holding it to Tony’s mouth. He thinks he makes it worse by apologising.
“But you have love. And you want to avenge. That’s good. My team – we’re called the Avengers, it’s what we do.”
Fingers fumbling with the laces on Tony’s back. That’s the point of these vests; they’re so pretty, but you can’t put them on without help. Can’t take them off without help, either. Clothes for the owned; your alpha will decide when you’re clothed, and when you’re naked, and there’s nothing you can do about it.
“You have no idea.” Tony snorts, pocketing his cell carefully, as if losing it would mean losing them, too.
“Mmm,” he whimpers, squirming in his lap. He pulls off Steve’s fingers with a wet ‘pop’. “Whatever you want,” he sighs.
“You’re the one holding me up. Begging for attention.” Steve laughs. “Hell, I think you’re the one who’s jealous.”
He didn’t do this, usually. He would leave it for a cleaner, or anyone else. He hated washing up, hated getting the food under his nails. But there he was, slowly and carefully wiping plates clean, setting them out on the sideboard.
Tony’s new meds have the desired – if strange – effect. He gets out of bed in the morning. He eats his breakfast. He smiles too much, and too broad. He joins conversations at inopportune moments, sometimes talking about something else entirely. Other than that, he sits alone, talking to himself about whatever it is he’s reading, or watching.
He fucks Tony’s mouth until he comes, releasing Tony enough that he can pull off. Holding himself in hand, he finishes on his face, his open mouth, his tongue. He’s moaning, unashamed, his knot thick in his fingers, gripping himself to the point of pain to mimic the feel of an omega’s hot, tight hole.
Rhodes grunts, pulling apart the breastplate. “Some help,” he says, and the kid crouches, scuttles closer, unafraid of the death. He helps Rhodes lever it down, gently, careful not to disturb the body. The clothes underneath have been charred and burned, the skin mottled, blistered.
Tony thinks. “Oh,” he remembers, “no, that was just – I mean, sure, maybe he went too far. But he only wanted him to pay me reparation.”
He could. He could call this all off now. Future Tony would probably thank him for staving off the inevitable terrible ramifications of sleeping with Captain America. But Steve says, ‘tell me stop’, like he expects it. Like he thinks Tony can’t take it.
agency, and it only really becomes relevant whenever I do something that goes against the fucking grain,” he spits, maybe more angry than he was aware.
“You bitch,” Tony growls, tears rolling down his face “you fucking bitch, you sicken me, I hate you, I am going to KILL YOU.”
“You know, people keep telling me I’m a good man,” he laughs, self-deprecating. “I’ve watched a lot change over my lifetime. When I was born, omegas still couldn’t vote. You’d only been allowed to have property for what, five years? Can you show me any other social cause that’s advanced as quickly?”
Gus laughs, bitterly. “I tried,” he says “we tried to hide it for as long as we could,” he says, delirious “but how could you, in those days? Too many traitors, Captain, neighbour on neighbour. It was awful,” he slurs “so bad. And I? I did… awful things, Captain.”
Steve hires a woman. He doubts there will be any other incidents like the one before, but there’s a part of his brain that just tells him hiring another man will be the wrong thing to do. She’s Irish, she’s lived in the USA for ten years, and she always greets Tony with a “and how are we doing today, Mr Stark?”
“Now, it was my camp, Stark. I had to keep it in order, understand? If I let him get away with it, I’d have to let them all get away with it. And he never admitted to it himself, we had to catch him red handed, like the thief he was.”
“But not married,” Bucky argued. “So at least you found out before you were even more invested than you are now. Not that you and Ty ever seemed like…soulmates. No offense.”
With that, she pulled away, disappearing out of the lounge and leaving Bucky alone with his drink. Fuck, was she right. Steve had every right to worry about him, to want him to recover before sending him out in the field. But that didn’t mean Bucky had to sit licking his wounds. He didn’t have to be in the field to help Steve organize their business and prepare. They had a war coming, after all.
“I don’t need a sign to know I’m a shitty person, thank you, I got that,” Toni mumbled softly. “Just trying to survive. I just want to survive,” she whispered, sadder, turning her head away so she didn’t have to see the look of pity on Steve’s face.
Steve hummed, looking to Natasha and giving a brief nod as the redhead disappeared from view. “Pack him up, Clint."
"Bucky didn't come home from patrol last night." Clint mumbled to the group as he set sandwich in front of everyone. Of course he would be the one to break the ice.
Bucky had mention something about what she deserved when she had broken her arm, had felt that it was a fitting punishment for how she treated them. Toni didn’t believe in such silly notions as
“But you won’t,” Natasha called back, tone exasperated before she appeared in the bathroom doorway. “Breakfast is being prepared for you. I’ll have them leave it in your office. You need a shower and a fresh set of clothes before you go. Maybe a shave. You look awful.”
“Isn’t it?” Toni spat, eyes cold as she leveled Steve with a glare. “I’m not a secretary. You want to meet with my father? Grow a pair and ask him yourself. If you do it now, maybe he’ll be able to fit you in by November of next year.”
,” she muttered, refusing to even acknowledge Steve’s presence in the room now. Of course things always work out for Rogers, and now? Now she was stuck with him for an indefinite amount of time. “Fine, send Happy over with my clothes and belongings. Make sure he’s careful in that apartment.”
“No,” Steve muttered, taking out his phone to make another sweep of his contacts. “I’m going to find my pal. I’ll head back to the house later on and throw together some rough schedules for everyone. But right now, we have work to do.”
Bruce stepped over to watch Tony and Steve from the side lines. “Hey, Tony, just use my trick. Think of it like science. Velocity, acceleration, it’s all there. Use your brain as your advantage.”
Steve made a face, sipping his water. "Why would they want Tony? It isn't like he could do anything mob-wise."
Tony nodded, although he wasn’t to partial to the way Loki was narrowing his eyes on him. “We were just finishing up dinner and going to have a movie night. You two joining us?” Clint asked, standing and taking his and Tony’s plate to the sink.
“I wanted to make sure you were okay and I wanted to talk to you,” Steve frowned, sliding a finger under Tony’s chin and turning the billionaire’s head to face him.
“I can do it. I don’t need help,” Toni snarled, shoving past the two with her good shoulder. “The only thing slowing us down is your talking.”
Steve’s jaw clenched, but he couldn’t exactly argue with that. His sole reason for avoiding this meeting was because he didn’t want to deal with Stark’s daughter. Antonia Stark was a stubborn, harsh woman, and Steve’s interactions with her could only be described as toxic. He was only willing to argue and trade insults for so long before he snapped. As for her fiancé, Tiberius Stone, the man’s family was known for their hidden agendas. Steve has a thing against people who aren’t upfront and honest in their deals. Moreover, this meeting wasn’t a business-related affair; it was purely a cosmetic meet-and-greet where Steve wasn’t allowed to discuss strategy or operations. Toni had been all too keen to reject that mantle. “I don’t see why I should waste my time with Howard’s incessant need to show off all of the recent developments in his family.”
Toni didn’t even snap as she normally would have. There was no sarcastic remark, no eye roll, just a tired look thrown Steve’s way. “It’s just Rhodey. He’s a family friend and he’d never do anything to hurt me or my father.”
“Fuck you,” he responded good-naturedly, and shareed a small smile with the woman. “Just… just know that you didn’t deserve what those fuckers did, but they will definitely deserve what’s coming to them. I’m particularly interested in revenge myself after being chained up in a fucking wine cellar.”
Tony blinked in shock as he looked around the large lab, one that was easily twice the size of Bruce’s. “Holy…" Tony trailed off, taking a slow step in.
“You mean the fiancé currently flirting with the waitress serving our table? Somehow, I’m sure he’ll manage.” The fact that Toni didn’t even glance over to check was worth noting, and Bucky raised a brow at the young woman. “You don’t seem broken up about it.”
“Is that what he was getting at? It was hard to tell through the rambling,” Toni murmured dryly, settling her hands on his broad shoulders and finally tearing her glare off of him and towards the band.
And as Steve continued his night schmoozing with his own crowd, his mind never strayed far from the brunette woman. What exactly did Bucky say to her that had her replacing her usual scowl with something more…soft, contemplative? That had her looking like she didn’t completely hate Steve’s guts? With the benefit now coming to a close, Steve ducked into a quiet corner of the hall and pulled out his phone. He dialed Bucky’s number, which was so engrained in his memory he barely had to glance at the keypad. When he heard the line connect, Steve didn’t hesitate. “Do I want to know what you and Stark were talking about during your dance?”
Toni pressed her hand back against the ground and, after a moment of steeling herself, pushed herself up to her knees. The pain was tremendous, blood pounding in her ears as her dizzy vision focused on her surroundings. There was a stream before her, maybe only ten feet away. Its banks were steep, a quick drop off in the rough stone. What could she possibly do with that? Maybe she could… no, she could barely keep herself on her knees as it was. Toni just needed to stop and think this through, take a moment and-
With a quick jerk of the handle, the shower’s hot spray of water came to an abrupt halt. And despite the finality of the action, Toni seemed less than ready to leave the confines of the shower’s glass walls. She had fought with Steve before- hell, that was the majority of their relationship- but today? They had both crossed a line. If Barnes hadn’t broken them up, Toni was sure they would’ve crossed a point of no return. And nobody wanted that, lest they wanted her father getting involved or an all-out war on their hands.
If Tony finds that humiliating he doesn’t let on, and his face remains just as blank as it had been before. Steve decides that he’s probably used to it by now. He rolls Tony to the car, helps him into the passenger seat, and straps him in carefully, leaning over his body, intensely aware of Tony’s every movement, his every breath, and how shockingly skinny he has become. Once upon a time, Tony had been vibrant. Steve wouldn’t have been able to wrap his hand around his wrist and have his fingers meet his thumb.
He sits and starts tugging off his shoes. The laces are tricky; his hands are still so bad, they barely respond. Steve stares at him with alarm. “What are you doing?” He barks. “Tony – “
Tony's improved so much. He's so proud. The first time Steve took him under -- not worked him through a drop, but really took him under of his own accord -- Tony had sobbed, and apologised, and broken down despite doing nothing wrong. Not long after that, he and Tony began their relationship.
Tony doesn’t have the words. “I,” he says again, but he can’t explain it. He can’t. He can’t talk about it, use speech to make real what happened, doesn’t want to. If he says, a man showed me a picture, he has to explain what the picture was. He can’t do that.
“I could do it, before. When we were – I can’t give myself to a person I know… they can’t give themselves back,” he tells him, softly. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
Fury says, they took the betas out back and shot them. And then, they made the alphas watch when they took turn with the omegas, all three of them, one by one.
and talking about practicalities when there’s a widow sobbing over the body of her husband, and a boy crying with a hand fisted in his hair like he’s never known loss, and then the great injustice of it all, which is a man who spent a life burdened only to –
Enough that when Steve walks out the elevator holding a brown carrier bag, he picks up his head and grins. “Rogers,” he slurs, “you’re late.”
Tony breaks away first. He stares intently at his tablet. “You seen this?” He asks, clearing his throat, “some seals sat on a woman’s tent.”
“Yes you are,” Mr Cain agrees, snapping his fingers. There’s someone lifting him under his arms, picking him up like a child. He smells familiar.
Tucked against Steve’s side, his head on his shoulder. Tony grins at him, stupidly, insipidly. “What?” Steve demands, half-smiling himself. “Oh, you like having me here, that it? Makes a change.”
He flinches when Pierce touches him. “Easy,” he’s saying, “just roll over. That’s it, easy, easy. Head on pillow, just like that. Breathe in deeply, Tony. Can you do that for me? Just take a good deep breath, it’ll calm you down. I’m telling you to do it, so you should.”
“For what it’s worth – I don’t want you to change for me. And we’ll talk about that. But I appreciate what it cost you to say that, Tony. And I really love that you – care enough, about to me, to offer it.”
They can’t burn the arc reactor so they bury it. All of them, each Avenger. Under Thor’s guidance, they say the right words, and erect a plaque in the ground.
Only alphas think they can demand Tony’s time in that way. “Sorry,” he says, blinking, swallowing his sip of scotch rapidly. “Sorry, were you talking?”
“Gus,” he says “Gus, they’re here, I told you,” he knocks Gus with his foot, prods him “Gustav, they’re here.”
You’re a fucking asshole, you know that? The first voice spits. This is why people can’t take you, Tony. You say shit like this. What are you getting at, that she should be married? Or that she’s too ugly to be married? Or that all women have to settle down? Christ after all the lawsuits have you learnt nothing you stupid wasting sack of –
Steve fucks into him. It’s brutal. There is no prep. Tony is wet enough, because would you believe, tales about dirty, bratty omegas being stripped and spanked kinda does something for him, but still. It’s the principle. Tony wants to say something witty, like maybe,
This time, Steve calls again. Tony is fascinated with the persistence, and a little frightened – he doesn’t know what he’ll want on the other end of the line. Apologies, explanations. Steve had been so scared in that room, and he had done awful things.
Steve is quiet. He sits on the side of the bed. “Well,” he says, reaching down to pull the blanket higher over Tony’s chest, “it would be hypocritical of me to say not to.”
Anyway. Richards had noticed him, regardless. That’s not the point. The point is, it had felt good, right up until his dad made him scrub up and kicked him into the lion’s den. It had been good to make that choice, or at least, pretend that he had.
“No!” Tony cries, and he bodily pushes Steve away, punches his chest. “No! I don’t want — FUCK!” He screams, bending double, expelling the curse from deep in his chest. “Everyone fucking leaves me, everyone. My parents die, Pepper goes, Rhodey’s dead, you — you and your stupid, stupid little friend, and your fucking egotistical conflated sense of moral superiority, I gave you everything and you left, and even Sarah, Sarah — “ Tony falters, swallows hard.
“Shh,” Pierce soothes. “You’re upset. Of course, you are. That was quite the shock, wasn’t it, Tony?” He’s moved away, indicating that Tony should sit himself on the couch.
Pepper pokes her fork into a cherry tomato. “Steve,” she says, chewing, “he was my boss for eight years before he was captured. I saw
Tony isn’t – his head isn’t great. He plaintively snuffles along the scent point on Pierce’s wrist. The skin is surprisingly soft. He doesn’t mind Pierce brushing off an errant tear from his cheek; the touch feels clarifying, sharp, comforting.
“I don’t know, Steve. What do you want me to say? If I knew, I’d…” he huffs, puts his head in his hands. “Sorry,” he mutters, “I haven’t slept. Or I have, but – not well. You know.”
He throws up again, more alcohol, except Steve is crouching in front of him so most it – oh no. He hears him sigh, sees him shut his eyes.
“What if it is?” He whispers, frantically. “What if they’re in my head? What if they’re all trapped, somewhere, and they’re trying to tell me – “
“You keep on at it, sweetheart,” Steve says distractedly, pushing his head back down on his cock. “Don’t you bother speaking now, just do your duty.”
“So, what are you going to do about it?” Tony pushes his free hand into the panties, cups himself. Shivers.
The doctors ask him about his family. His mother and father. “You killed them,” Tony will spit “you got Barnes to kill them, didn’t you? And you want to try and twist my brain around, same as Zemo. Well it won’t work this time, you hear me? It won’t work.”
Natasha tells him that, the night Tony died, they find him scrambling around, trying to patch him back together. “You were holding a foot and sobbing,” she tells him.
“Then you die. And you join me. And you’ll be happy. But Steve, please do this for me: please try. Leave now, and live your life. Know that when you’re tired, and when it’s time, I’ll be here. We’ll all be here. Each of us dies, but it’s not the end. It won’t be the end, Steve.”
“Maybe – maybe they’re in a better place,” Steve suggests, hushed, like he can’t bear it. “Maybe, right?”
“Don’t forget the blueberries,” Natasha says, then, which is how Steve knows allow she doesn’t like the fact he’s going to prod Tony awake, she’s going to allow it. She pats his arm as she leaves, forgets her diamonds on the counter.
Tony waves a hand with false modesty. “I don’t really handle the day to day. I let the boys in New York do that. I pretty much only take the special cases, you know? Suits me more.”
“He only saw,” Steve says, separate from himself, voice absurdly level. “He didn’t roll the dice, make those odds. He didn’t force Tony to do what he did.”
“I don’t want to interrupt and I’m really sorry, it looked like you guys were having an, an amazing moment, but if I don’t get to eat something I’m going to get so angry you have no idea.” Bruce rifles through a cereal box. “I’m really sorry.” He says, mouth full, flakes falling down his shirt. He swallows “I said I would see what’s taking so long. If anyone asks, Tony had a mild seizure and you needed my medical advice, okay?”
“Don’t be bratty.” Steve rests his hand on Tony’s head, pushes him down to the floor. “You made a mess of my shoe. I’m not walking around with
Steve lurches up, his thumbs pressing tight against Tony’s palms. When he comes, it’s muttering praise into his ears, all traditional stuff, sweet. Tony lets him pant his release into his throat, wonders if now he’ll roll over and fall back asleep. But then he realises that Steve is swelling inside him still, not pulling out, and – he grunts, shifting his legs wider to accommodate the knot. He hasn’t done this in years, not outside heat, and never with Steve.
Mr Cain wanted him to behave. Instead, he keeps his features calm, unperturbed. “What do you want to know?”
Tony might say something like, no time, or, good enough, but Steve is already picking his way delicately through the down, each brush, each pluck, sending cascading shivers up his spine, filling his head with that delirious buzzing.
Steve’s brow is furrowed, slightly. Like he’s fretting. And then the whole thing comes tumbling out. “I don’t know why you let him touch you,” he says, like it’s an admission. “I could tell you didn’t like him, right from the start. And then he said he wanted to see you, and I just
“Don’t think about what I’m telling you,” Pierce murmurs, “just do it. If you do that, you’re a good boy.” Tony shivers. “You will be safe and protected if you do what I say. No one will touch you if you do exactly what I say, always.” He strokes behind Tony’s ear.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve says quietly. “That you died. I never got to tell you how much — how much I loved you, Tony. How much I love you.”
“Oh, you want to fight me now?” Steve is smiling, but Tony can tell he’s tired. More than tired, in fact. A bone-deep weariness. “I didn’t figure you’d be up on your feet so soon. I bought food.”
Tony lifts his head. “What’s’it?” He mumbles, rubbing his hand over his face. Sleeping? He maybe sleeping. He – stop, think like a human: he must have fallen asleep.
“Well, uh,” Tony sighs, pushing his head back into the pillow, dragging the tips of his fingers down his throat, “I, uh,
Days pass like this. The are meetings, and group therapies, and occasionally Tony will talk to other rich crazies with various neuroses.
“That’s it,” Pierce murmurs, leaning closer. Tony catches his scent again, rests the side of his head against the back of the couch, exposing the long line of his throat. “No damage here,” he says, checking for scratches, the pads of his finger just barely touching skin as they drag down his neck.
There are colours blooming in his peripherals. He draws back his wrist, and stares at his hand. There are little spirals on his palm, twisting and squirming. Pierce presses his body against Tony’s, he tips his chin to the left. “What about here,” he asks, so quietly, but so loud. Whispers it into Tony’s ear. His hair stands on end. He shivers. Pierce’s finger delicately pulls forward his ear lobe, spritzes perfume onto his gland.
Tony stumbles when Steve lets go. "Hands?" He asks, eyes wide and face relaxed. Steve trails his fingers down his arms, his spine, rests them on Tony's bound wrists.
“Put on this earth for you?” Tony says, gently. “Maybe, I just exist. Maybe I don’t have to always exist for someone else.”
“Ross,” Pierce mutters, taking the glass, turning away. “The man is – a borderline sociopath. He and Nick came to blows, did you know that?”
Tony mocks, mimicking. “Who gives a fuck? It’s my fault, probably. I lived, right? No one else to take the blame, so – “
“I’ll bet.” He says, weakly. “You guys better serve up, or I’ll – ” Clint swallows “I’ll eat it all.”
He dresses by himself quickly, furtive. He pulls on his jacket. It hides the crumpled clothes, but does nothing for his scent, all fucked-out and dozy.
“The General’s inside,” she answers instead, buzzing her pass on the door. “I’m sure he’ll explain.”
Tony scrubs self-consciously at his eye, and Steve drags down his hand, snaps at him. “Stop that,” he says, “you’re making it worse.”
But it had shocked him, Tony’s absolute desire for death, his certainty that he wanted it. Steve was always told that people who try to kill themselves and live to talk about it almost always wish they hadn’t; that in their supposed last moments, they realise how much they have to live for. It’s fucking disheartening, and cruel, awfully cruel, that there is no such realisation with Tony. The doctor at the hospital had told him – and then, apparently, some journalists too – that Tony’s marks had been large, vertical, and deep. Purposeful. When he was found, there was no sign of struggle or regret.
It’s hard to articulate just what Tony feels. Numbness feels like a cliché. Certainly, he feels something, but it’s often clouded with drugs and exhaustion. He feels… he tries not to think about it too much. Doesn’t want to think about everything he’s lost. Any moment he begins to think he might be alright again, he remembers he’s penniless, that everything he built is gone. His legacy is destroyed; Iron Man is dead. The company his father built is no more, the team he tried to save taken from his hands. The world he so desperately wanted to protect no longer needs him or wants him, has actively rejected him. It’s not a question of how you kill yourself, the first voice hisses, it’s a matter of when. One day they’ll let their guard down and then you can end it. And don’t fuck it up this time.
into something potentially life-endangering, or the strange little vial that Fury keeps up his sleeve.
Tony picks up his hand, examines the palm, softly. “You’re a silly boy, did you know that?” He murmurs.
“The doctors,” he mutters “they’re HYDRA. They want suits and weapons. I can’t build them. I asked Yinsen – “ Tony’s brow furrows. “I can’t remember. But Sarah they want to kill me, if I don’t…” Tony trails off; his hand is hanging from Sarah’s blouse, his fingers twisted in the material. “Help me,” he mumbles.
“No,” Fury corrects, “this is the real deal, right? You tell me – is there a difference between what you just saw, and those cheap benzos you get on the street? Or even the more sophisticated shit, the kind of thing that puts you in a heat.”
Vague recollection of pills, and booze. Some snow? Lipstick, but he doesn’t know why. “God,” he mutters, hating himself. He can guess who’s behind water. “Jarvis,” he croaks, “where’s Steve?”
Fingers in his hair. He’s shivering. Words are blurred, and if he opens his eyes, he sees terrible things. Someone leans close. They spit into his ear, words, Tony is sure. He doesn’t know what they say, he plays it safe. “Whatever you want me to be,” he whispers, slurring.
Tony groans around him, then, and Steve has to physically hold himself back from coming down his throat. His orgasm slams into him and the stress of holding back has him arching, pushing further into Tony's mouth, leaving him gagging around his cock.
“Hah. Yeah, I mean – I get migraines. Awful, actually, I have medication, but it’s in my room. I think – you’re here tomorrow, right? We can table this for the morning – “
“Sorry! I’m sorry, just… ‘yep’? Not even a normal ‘yes’, just ‘yep’ - that’s how you come out to me?” She cackled, which was probably ridiculous. It wasn’t even that funny, but, in that moment, she just felt so light and - God help her -
, Tony, you were stabbed - through and through - and you’re more worried about Steve?” Natasha hissed, pointedly glaring at him again when she noticed the stitches.
Steve stood stock still, blinking a few times and noting that his upper lip was now wet. Bringing his hand up he dabbed away the blood trickling from his nose.
They’d easily been able to pick the lock of the cabin door - not exactly fort Knox, they’d agreed once they’d settled down on a sofa. Nat had her leg raised, digging into a cup of instant ramen Tony had foraged from the back of one of the kitchenette cupboards while trying to hold Nat up by his side. They’d still not been able to get out of the cuffs.
“That makes no sense,” Bruce cut in, clearly frustrated but keeping a lid on it – unlike Tony, who was wide-eyed and practically seething, “why did he need to think Steve was dead, why not tell us?”
The nods and hums of approval from the others settled it, and they all began to gravitate towards the warmth of the fire. Bucky secured the door shut, shifting a heavy bucket of wet rocks of coal that sat by the doorframe in front of the door as a half-assed barricade.
“Well - theres that,” the archer mused, the corner of his lip turning upwards, “But I mean, if the base was so important, why didn’t they get more backup out there after the first strike? Why was it so… deserted, almost, the second time we -
“Nah, I fold this time,” Tony said casually, tossing his cards towards Sam. Bucky looked murderous, and Steve almost couldn’t believe it - they’d made it look so sure that they were at a disadvantage, hung it in front of Clint and Tony’s noses. Clint had took the bait, why the hell hadn’t Tony?
Five minutes passed, and as if on queue, sirens howled throughout the base, lighting turning a pulsating red. Voices declaring unauthorised personnel rung from the speakers I. The building in various languages. Tony straightened himself and tore off the sleeve covering his single remaining gauntlet, finding solace in the familiar whine of the repulsers firing up. Heavy footsteps were approaching, when Steve burst into the room, gun raised.
Steve felt himself flush in embarrassment, before looking towards the direction of the archer’s voice, grimacing at the worried look the other man was giving him.
Natasha nodded, and began to open her mouth when a loud electrical whine sounded from under the jet. After a moment the whine grew into an even louder blast that thrummed through the belly of the jet.
Almost as if on queue, Clint who had slunk  of at some point to rummage around the cabin emerged what looked like spare rags, throws, blankets, and if Natasha wasn’t mistaken a rug. Sam had also seemed to notice the same thing.
“How long you been able to speak Italian anyway, man?” Clint ventured, peeling cloves of garlic and crushing them under the blade of a knife.
“I’m just going through some stuff right now, that’s all,” he smiled tightly, and Clint just gave him an unimpressed look.
was training with Nat awesome. He knew some of the guys had noticed he was skipping training with them -
Inside, the floors were coated in intricate tile details, some forming mosaics. Flourishing plants potted in glossy ceramic pots were littered around the space, which wasn’t huge, but large enough for all ten of them. The rooms were open plan, save for the bedrooms, and draped in rich colours. The curtains at the windows were delicate, wisps of a sheer fabric that was slightly transparent, swaying in the soft evening breeze from the sea front a short stroll away.
Tony caught Steve’s lip between his teeth, sucking at it irresistibly, while Steve pulled Tony by the hips. The blonde then pushed Tony back against the surface of the bar, absently knocking shot glasses to the floor - oblivious to the way to crystal shattered against the tile. Steve climbed over Tony, running his hands over the man’s body, mouthing at his olive skin.
They all filed in, up the steps made of cobblestone and through the low arching wooden doorway of the cabin. It wasn’t small, but not exactly spacious for seven people - let alone Avengers - to live in. But it was enough. There was a small kitchenette furnished with an old timely stove with rusting gas knobs, a coal furnace, and a few wooden cupboards that perhaps had a few rations in them - if they were lucky. Across from there was a cosy sitting area, consisting of two ratty sofa’s that wouldn’t look out of place abandoned on a sidewalk somewhere in Boston, an arm chair missing an arm, and an old Turkish rug. in the far right corner was a round wooden table with a five mismatch chairs, all of which looked like they’d probably snap under any of their weights - except maybe Nat (and Tony, but he would
At one point Steve had leapt off the bed towards his duffle bag, tipping out the contents of a toiletry bag before emerging with a discrete-looking tube and a brightly wrapped condom. He threw himself back between Tony’s legs, laughing brightly, full of utter delight. God, he loved this man.
He’d told them about his… feelings, more or less. He’d not been as honest as he could have been, but he also didn’t want them thinking he was being irrational (or for them to look deeper into the things Steve himself was stubbornly refusing to acknowledge, like said feelings towards Tony).
Tony looked about as shocked as everyone else, except Natasha, who let out a delighted and maniacal shriek before running over to Tony.
, he’d said. If his friends had picked up on his half-assed excuse, they hadn’t called him out on it.
skilled fighters - but I’m only an inch or so shorter than you, and you know I could take on any of them.” Tony grinned, opening his mouth to speak, but Nat once again cut him off, “It’s not conceited if it’s true. You’re a scientist, you can appreciate concrete and measurable facts.”
“I was unconscious and your armour was compromised, Thor said he was on his way, so why didn’t you just wait-!”
Tony scoffed “W-o-w,” he drew out, “Carrying your limp body through the woods and to our lord-and-saviour Jim not enough for you?” He was already helping her up, manoeuvring them both to the only bed in the place.
Tony’s eyes darted to the door, but then Steve was right there, face inches away from his own, and staring him down, looking for any trace of a lie. Steve was stood between Tony’s legs now, which hung motionless over the edge of the counter. His neck was tilted back slightly, looking up to meet the Captain’s startlingly blue eyes, which flicked over the genius’ face, taking it all in.
fan was screaming at him for doing so), Tony skunk out into the corridor, medical mask and all, and began searching the corridor for Steve. The Helicarrier’s medical wing wasn’t too extensive, so it didn’t take long. Though they were certainly used to Avengers getting out of bed long before what was medically recommended, so the mask hid Tony’s identity somewhat - hopefully long enough that he wouldn’t be caught.
“Gee thanks, Barton - hey, next time, I won’t step in to shove this goon out the way a hail of fire. You’d be cool with that, right man?” Sam shot back without much heat, gesturing toward Steve who was supporting most of Sam’s weight on his side. Not that it was particularly strenuous for him, being a super soldier and all.
, he’d told her, dead serious. Also… it was nice, dipping their toes into a community they’d always technically been in, but never felt
Steve knew the way Tony felt about him. Hell, Natasha and Fury knew too; Steve had only found that out when the director himself insisted Tony not know the truth, since they were bound to get a reaction from him Nabokov – the killer – wanted.
According to Jarvis, Nat was in her quarters - alone, thankfully. So he took the elevator and approached her quarters.
Natasha was lounging on one of her sofas, hair pinned up and reading something in Russian. Her floor was peaceful and warm - a sleek but tasteful fireplace going while it rained outside, soft jazz music playing overhead.
The team were all settled on a quinjet in far better shape than their current one, trashed in the middle of some Norwegian wilderness. Bucky considered Natasha carefully as the woman sat next to him, filling with the chamber of her gun.
,” Steve practically growled, hoisting Tony up with one arm under his ass and the other opening the door to a small study space they rarely used.
“How long have you two been hiding that from us?!” Came a loud and very undignified shout from Clint, catching the attention of the room. Sliding over, Clint joined them on the floor, and took a long drag after Tony offered it out to him.
They brought him back up, and the gulped down the hot air like he was starving for it, only when we did, he choked and his airways flooded with ice, choking him intensely. Tony was suddenly grossly aware that he wasn’t in Afghanistan, he was drowning in a frozen lake in the middle of nowhere, scrambling for life with a fucking
“it is remarkable, my friend - though a grievous wound, no doubt,” Thor finished somewhat solemnly. Jane seemed to register the emotional impact the device must’ve had on Tony’s life, and flushed red.
“The coughing-up blood thing? Yeah, not what you thought it was. It’s not bleeding in your lungs, but looks like you’re bleeding internally somewhere else. Nothing much,” Tony added when Sam turned to took at the two of the with wide, concerned eyes, “probably just knocked something on the impact, but take it easy, y'know, in case.”
"Sure, sure… I could sort it out for you afterward if you like?” She said, playing along with his game.
“I would say that’s a sure-fire way to get shot at, but I also don’t fancy our chances staying put either, so you’re the boss.”
Tony ran his hands desperately through Steve’s golden hair, pulling at it gently, sending electricity down the man’s spine. Tony hooked his legs round Steve’s hips, rolling them over so he could press himself against the larger man’s body, rolling his hips against the bulge forming under Steve’s trousers.
Nat knew just as well as Bucky that they had a better chance of survival making a jump for it out the bay doors than being in the cockpit, where they’d most likely be skewered by the glass of the windshield when it shattered on impact.
“God, you’re incorrigible,” he tittered, looking down at his feet. “It’s just… I mean, I’m used to sparring with the guys? I don’t know, they’re all specially trained and obviously a lot better at all this shit than me, and I’m not exactly up to par with their standards of…
“You’re crazy, you know that- wait, are you on morphine?” Steve chose that moment to glance down at Tony, at his current attire and his bare feet, before groaning.
“I’ve never been more excited to have a shower,” Tony sighed, watching as the jet settled onto the ground amongst a large clearing not far off from their cabin.
Steve and Natasha got to work searching for possible food in the kitchenette, while Bucky and Clint lead Sam to one of the sofas. Clint sat himself down with a groan, and Tony silently perched on the arm of the sofa, gently prying away the archer’s vest to get a better look at his damaged ribs. Rhodey shut the door once everyone was inside, and noticed the small fireplace tucked behind one of the sofas. Bucky noticed too, and the two silently pushed the sofa into another position so they could access the fireplace, then began searching for anything they could burn. After all, Inside or not, it was
“Yeah,” she agreed, “Clint knows about me - not about you though. Maybe we start there: I tell Rhodey about me, you tell Clint. That way, it starts off smaller, y’know?”
A burning hot sensation filled his rib cage, and Tony let out a huff of air, releasing Doom from his grip involuntarily. Looking down, Tony saw a deep crimson gush from a newly-made gash in his armour. He looked up to Doom’s face, whose eyes narrowed in what must have been a smile, as he chuckled menacingly.
“There’s gonna be a gap where they’re gonna notice what we’re doing.” Natasha concluded, sighing and the nod of Tony’s head.
They took a hit, got shaken up, and were currently tucked into a tiny outpost waiting for the rescue crew. Rain drummed against the old window frames of the building which poke out between a few trees in the middle of nowhere, branches swaying and tapping against the flat rooftop, sheets of water cascading down the walls outside.
Looking over Steve’s shoulder, Laura noticed Tony approaching cautiously. She grinned at him brightly, which seemed to ease his tension.
that was a horrible realisation. So, he’d told her the truth. He didn’t think he’d be able to do it, and that he’d rather not have his ass handed to him.
The other man then shared a glance with Steve, which to anyone else was unreadable - barely noticeable, to to Steve it read plain and simple: I’ve got a fucking good hand right now, we’ve got'em.
The smaller man was sat cross-legged on the oak table, curiously tapping away at the blue-prints for weapons, buildings, armours, aircraft - anything remotely engineer-y. Tony’s intelligence was greatly underestimated; people had this conception that, because he didn’t act like a mild-mannered introvert, that he must not be a ‘Real Genius’.
“I’m not sure, that’s more your call…” she then untucked the menu from its stand, facing it Tony’s way, tapping at one of the special offers with her fingernail “But for now, they have a cheesecake the size of Hulk’s head, and you
That seemed to give Tony some pause. The genius’ eyes were glassed over, wide and vulnerable. And Steve knew Tony was trying to pull the wool over his eyes.
A few minutes after, Steve, Bucky, and Sam jogged down the steps in similar attires - short-sleeve shirts and shorts in varying colours.
Later, Tony sat cross-legged on the conference table, staring out at the sky-line from the Helicarrier. The room was empty save the genius, who decided to skip out on the debriefings. No one had tried to stop him. He stayed in the room, sat in the dark, not bothering to turn on the lights. He wanted to look out at the stars.
Hulk made easy work of the debris, taking less than a few minutes to get through. He would’ve made even faster work of it if the others hadn’t made him promise not to smash through, something about not letting the building collapse on their leaders.
They heaved a collective sigh of relief (well, in Clint’s case, wheeze of relief) when Nat announced she spotted what looked like a shack of some kind. Any form of shelter was welcome at this point, they’d just been following a sparse amount of trees in the landscape hoping to end up near water. Usually by water there was some form of civilisation. The trees had grown more concentrated in the lead up to the cabin as it turned out to be, and Steve’s heavy footsteps where all anyone could hear as they all waited at the foot of the cabin, waiting for their Glorious Leader to pry it open.
“You should ask Nat about it. Tell her, even. Trust me, she’ll clear it all up for you.” He then mimed zipping his lips, twisting a lock, and throwing away the key. “That’s all you’re getting outta me.”
Steve was chuckling at him, eyes slightly creased in the corners, cheeks rosy with amusement. Tony tried to level his breathing, but Steve was standing right there, practically between Tony’s legs and
Not exactly the kind of civilisation they had hoped for, the cabin definitely hadn’t been lived in for a long time judging by how stiff the door was and the coat of dust covering the minimal amount of furniture inside.
Tony and Bucky sipped at their tea, resolutely not looking at each other, before Bucky opened his mouth, mumbling into his drink, “'Back at you, Cap’?
After a moment, the hair on the back of his neck stood up, and he pushed himself up from the bed from being led on his front. Turning over, he stopped abruptly mid stretch to find his teammates grinning devilishly from the doorway. Save for Clint, who was flat out howling with laughter.
Steve fumbled for the right words, already seemingly offending Tony twice already. Fuck, he was so shit at this.
Steve sighed, stepping further into the room until he was leant against the table, Tony pointedly not looking at him.
Natasha was excruciatingly familiar to life-threatening situations. Even before unifying the Avengers, she had endured enough shit to last most people several lifetimes. Nowadays, it took a lot to surprise her. Sure, she was never bored on missions, nor were they necessarily predictable; but she had learned a long time ago to expect the unexpected, to always,
Steve chewed the inside of his mouth, thinking of what counter argument to say next, so Tony took the opportunity to carry on.
In the light of dusk, Tony’s face was nearing a dangerously blue-grey tone, waxen and covered in ash which matted his sweaty hair to his skull. Brushing the hair out of his eyes, Natasha set her features determinedly, getting the two injured men to the quinjet where they’d be taken to the Helicarrier’s medical wing.
The crack of bone breaking reverberated through the trees, and the third agent panicked momentarily before Steve shot him between the eyes in one graceful movement.
Steve shook his head, an easy smile breaking out across his face. God love them, they were all so stupid.
Rhodey just listened to the fuss his friend was making, smiling and shaking his head fondly as he got up from the fireplace where a reasonable fire was now starting to burn, and set down next to Sam where Barnes had not long been sitting.
Sam swatted the archer over the back of the head, kissing his teeth at the man in disapproval. Rhodey sat on the couch by Tony, leaning down and tilting his friend’s chin upwards, evaluating the damage to his face, before placing a hand either side of his head firmly.
nice, being close to Nat. There was just an easiness there, an understanding that went beyond the fact that neither of them was straight. Sure, it took off a lot from there, once they both realised, but that wasn’t the
article for top 100 LGBTQ+ places in New York. Tony had insisted it was because, God help him, he was going to wing-man Nat.
“Well, from a practical point of view, don’t get your hopes up - hey, no, don’t give me that sad face, I mean, he was drunk and high last night… But, he was definitely interested - more than interested, it looked.”
He tossed the book over to Tony, ignoring the frustrated grunt from Bruce as the book landed in the middle of his notes, scattering them across the island in the middle of the kitchen where most of the team currently sat.
“Did you not trust us to know?” Thor asked, his normal jubilant tone subdued. Steve deflated, and looked at the faces of his team.
That earned him a steely glare from Tony, who shrugged off Steve’s arm and stood up just as the bay doors firmly closed behind them with a small hiss.
Bucky practically snorted milk out of his nose next to Sam, who was hiding a smile behind his coffee mug.
“Well, you’re not gonna die of a punctured lung,” Tony finally declared dryly, and the room’s tension seemed to alleviate slightly. “I’m not Bruce - though he would just say
The reactor was something else. The skin around it was scarred, pale in some places - similar to bolts of electricity, and in others an unnatural dark hue took to the veins. Palladium poisoning, be remembered. The skin puckered at the edges of the device, which glowed a soft pale blue that gently cast across his pectorals.
Once the gunfire subsided, Nat looked up into the dense treeline a short distance from the run-down army base these agents had set up camp. Raising their guns, they both poked out above their shelter, shooting back. They managed to clip a few agents, but handguns were only so good at long-distance. They ducked back down, both grunting at the exertion.
“No, no, it’s… It’s okay, honestly I thought it would be weird, but…” Tony cautioned a look down at the scarred skin around the reactor, and felt a knot in his chest loosen faintly. “But I guess I prefer having it out there, rather than people speculating about it - it’s not exactly something I, y'know, flash about,” he finished lamely, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. Thor frowned at his friend.
“You know they did - you did see what they did to the place, right?” Clint laughed, while Rhodey stood in the middle of the room, despite their being plenty of seats.
“The guy needed to see us – the team – genuinely hurt, to believe it,” Nat said gently, “otherwise he’d never of bought it, never would have poked his head up from the sand and gave us the chance we needed – a killer would still be on the streets if we didn’t… another body could have been on our hands,”
Steve laughed, weeks of bitterness and angst rolling off his back, leaving him with a euphoric kind of weightlessness he’d not felt in a long, long time. Then something clicked.
, with you its, it’s like, like ritual.” Tony finished, heart racing but feeling a lot calmer than a few moments ago
Upon surveilling the crash sight, they found their systems had been hijacked and dismantled, preventing FRIDAY from reading for any other life-signatures or readings of foreign devices on board. One ambitious Hyrda agent had concealed themselves in the belly of the jet, with a huge electromagnetic bomb strapped to their chest. On detonation, it released a shock thought the jet, sending its systems into shut-down.
“She tied them to a rock, too - those things are long gone,” Jane looked mildly apologetic over her shoulder, just as Clint through his hands up in the air.
Bruce swatted Thor without lifting an eye off of his book, “Lay off the theatrics, he already said he’d cook you breakfast.”
Finally, to the right, a smaller room upon raised floor was home to a spiral staircase that lead upstairs to the bedrooms, followed by an archway that extended the wing into a moderately sized kitchen.
Steve took the stairs to get to Tony’s quarters, only two floors up from Nat’s. He was buzzing with anticipation, but also felt himself dragging his feet. He didn’t want to get his hopes up too high - he didn’t think he’d be able to cope with the disappointment.
“S'good job you’re rich, or you’d be stuck like that forever man,” Clint interrupted, pulling a face at the awkward angle of Tony’s nose, “
“Heard there was a situation, I ain’t got guns like Thor but I got ones better than his.” he added playfully nodding at Bucky - who snorted in response, though the effect was dampened by how tired he sounded. Sam began digging alongside Nat, noting her discomfort
Tony had beautiful eyes, so dark you’d almost mistake them for black, but upon looking closely they were a gorgeous combination of chestnut and mahogany, glittering with emotion; framed beautifully by long, thick lashes. After knowing Tony for a while, Steve realised why the man wore sunglasses out in public so much. He had is media façade, but not even that could conceal what his eyes revealed. Tony’s eyes exposed his soul, opening him up like a rose.
They eventually pulled up to what looked like a small, somewhat run-down resort nestled into the trees just off the main road. The pair climbed out the truck, thanking the man profusely and taking the guys name just so that, when they were back, Tony could compensate the poor guy a
An hour before that Clint and Sam had been exchanging quips, keeping up morale. Though at this point, no amount of familiar banter could distract any of them from the fact that the longer they were out here uncovered, the worse off they’d be.
“No one except Rhodey and I even know you’re bi, and he doesn’t even know you like Steve, so don’t panic.” She levelled him with a sympathetic look, “We both know none of them would have any sort of issue with us if we came out to them, logically, of course-”
, her mind supplied. Before she could say anything, she felt the weight being lifted off her feet entirely, instinctively hooking her arm around Tony’s neck as he pulled her into his arms and bolted towards it. She realised he was talking - well, shouting - between ragged breaths.
“It’s really not that obvious,” The blonde sighed, though he was already following Tony out of the kitchen.
Tony’s attention was snapped back to reality when Natasha came to loom over him. He peered at her over the rim of his sunglasses, eyebrows raised in question.
Steve jerked back from Tony, casting a regretful look at the brunette’s way when the hands that were cradling his face were snatched away and set into fists, firmly place at his side.
Before one in the morning, Clint and Rhodey had drunk each other under the table - funnily enough, they were also passed out under the table - while Natasha and Jane danced childishly with Bruce, who was more or less merely being caught in the fray. Thor’s intoxicating laughter filled the room as he watched his Jane, usually more subdued, dance without a care in the world.
Sam and Bucky waggled their eyebrows at the Captain, who resolutely ignored them, regarding his team with  a firm nod. None of them bought it, but pitied him, and let him carry on acting like He Was Totally Not Flustered.
After patching themselves up, scarfing down their food and swallowing down painkillers, Nat supposed that she’d been in far worse situations after being held captive. Hell, she knew Tony had.
“Well, it’s not so much you guys its…” He waved his hands around as if trying to will the answer, “…an individual,”
“He gets off on causing us emotional distress basically,” Bucky supplied, shrugging at the exasperated look from Steve. The soldier cast a look at Tony, who was breathing heavily through his nose.
“I guess it’s not me, since you’re talking to me, and it can’t be Jane, because Thor’s strangled you before - and I think he’d break your neck,” Tony rolled his eyes, and Natasha continued, more gently this time.
“Why- oh… oh, shit, you said you were jealous? Do you… do you like Nat?” Clint questioned, beginning to look apologetic.
Steve had been living under the same roof as the other man for some time now, and in all of his unpredictable quirks and mannerisms, he still found himself being surprised by the genius in ways he had not before even considered.
He set his jaw hard when Natasha nodded, a little more warmly than she was a few moments ago. She patted his knee, letting her hand linger for a moment, before walking up to the cockpit.
“Nah, it’s fine, Tony,” the blonde said, stacking the plate he’d been holding into the shelf beside him. “If you’ve gotta stay here n’ clean while the others go out for your little poker-scam back there, I’ll keep you company,” Steve quipped, earning a snort from Tony.
amount of sugar,” Steve huffed, enjoying the way he could feel Tony’s laugh go through him while they sat this closely.
“Of course, Captain.” Jarvis unlocked the door, and Steve took one last shallow breath before grabbing the handle and entering. He’d been more calm infiltrating a Hydra base on his
, could you have given me a heads-up first?” Tony hissed out in rapid breaths as Steve began to reach for the first aid kit he kept in one of the pockets on his utility belt (“you’re such a Boy Scout oh my god, Steve, are you shitting me right now?!” “Barton be quiet”) and pulled out a small amount of thread and needle saved for wounds that even the serum sometimes needed help healing.
- I’ll get to it, before you say anything - and he told me I should come talk to you to clear up a few of the, uh, misconceptions I’ve been having.”
“I wasn’t thinking!” Tony burst out louder than expecting, “Christ, Steve, with you I don’t think, it’s one of the only times I don’t think and calculate all the variables to the
, which was exciting for all of half an episode. It was just on for the sake of it now, they were starting to think. Their session of mulling in the gloomy weather was disturbed by Sam suddenly kicking his legs out in frustration - not unlike a toddler about to throw a major tantrum, and whinging out a frustrated groan.
Turning his attention away from Natasha, Tony felt Steve’s eyes burrowing into the back of his head. Waving his hands around in leu of a remark in his defence, Tony met Steve’s eyes and regretted it upon seeing the hurt in them.
Tony was drifting off to sleep by the time a doctor waltzed in, clearly not imagining Steve would be in any urgent assistance, and her eyes widened then squinted as she pulled her face into a frown.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve wheezed, trying to pull himself together, but he couldn’t wipe off the amused smile from his face if he tried. “Look, just, wander over there – I’ll be there, don’t worry – and just, try not to freak out, its just people in costumes, I mean, c’mon, shellhead-”
Natasha and Rhodey had their arms around Clint, who was still singing horrendously, while Bruce and Jane babbled excitedly over absolutely anything - from the mixture of chemicals they’d been throwing back all night (save for Bruce, who’d stuck to juice and pot, thanks to Tony), to the sea of stars blanketing the night sky above them. Bucky, Sam, and Thor were running between the group like excited children, sparring casually and jesting.
“Stop apologising. Keep your head down. No – down, Tony, that’s it. Here,” he covers his shoulders with his arm, urges him to tuck his face into his chest. “We’re passing reception, just – stay like this till we’re in the elevator, okay?”
Tony nods, quickly, grateful. He takes the cot, tucks himself carefully against the wall. It’s cooler in here than the bedroom. He can listen to Nick typing, and remember that he isn’t alone.
“But he’s out there, right now, bringing your Captain to heel,” Pierce says, breathing ragged. “Why?”
“That’s it,” Steve preens, happily. “There, just go easy now, Tony. I just want to talk, and have you listen to me.”
“Undo my hands,” Tony orders. “I need to get my pants off. Take your cock out. You don’t need to do jackshit, just let me do this.”
"Thirsty?" Steve asks, watching Tony lick his lips clear of juice. He nods, shifting forward slightly, mouth parting enough for Steve to tenderly tip the top of the bottle into his mouth. He guzzles eagerly, and when they're done, Steve dries his chin, hand cupping his cheekbone and thumb smoothing gently over his skin.
Tony had turned back to his plate. “No,” he had said, “you’re still young. I was just letting you know.”
“Three days,” he says “we’ll stop the meds for three days, and we’ll see what happens, okay? This is crazy, I know, it’s stupid, but – if you really think they’re making you worse, then I’ll take your word for it. But Tony, if you start – spiralling, if bad things start happening, I’m calling the doctor straight away, okay? And you will have to submit to whatever treatment he thinks is going to work, because – you need to get better. We can’t go if you’re not better,” and Steve hates himself for waving that in Tony’s face, for holding it up as a goal. It feels wrong, demeaning. And yet.
"Theoretically? No. But the win never hinged on Tony just being able to slap on a glove and click his fingers -- " he ignores Steve's wince " -- it was about making sure he didn't know, until the exact right moment. Because, if I had told him," Strange says, and his face
Sarah takes this in for a moment, processes. “Is tomorrow – sorry, but tomorrow – is it the anniversary?”
Diana hands him a goblet and he drinks it with a shaking hand. He doesn’t think about how many humans were tortured to give him this blood. He realises, objectively, that he is next. That Diana has… plans, for him.
They had been cordial, Bucky and Tony. There had been bad blood, obviously. Tony admitted that he found it hard to even look Bucky in the eye, not out of hatred but guilt. And Bucky had then admitted the same thing, said he didn’t know how to talk to someone who he had hurt so profoundly, not just through the murder of his parents but by supplanting him in Steve’s affections.
The public, Steve soon realised, did not care that the Accords violated a thousand human rights. They wanted blood, they wanted super-powered blood. What came out in the investigation was the full extent of Tony’s involvement in the Ultron debacle. And while the roles of Wanda and Bruce were then similarly noted, Bruce was still MIA and Wanda protected by the Wakandan amnesty won by T’challa. Tony had supported the Sovokia Accords, a document brought about by the wreckage of a city which Tony had inadvertently caused. And people found this hypocritical. They thought Tony was trying to cover his own ass. And so another, larger investigation had launched. Stark stock had plummeted, shares wiped out overnight as the market predicted Tony’s inevitable downfall. Potts had resigned, washed her hands of the whole affair, and moved to England. First there were the resignations, then the widescale redundancies, and Stark Industries had toppled. Wobbled and fallen, like a stack of cards.
She doesn’t say ‘riots’; she could, but she doesn’t. Steve appreciates it. “Yeah,” he says, “well it’s good to see you.”
“You’re such a fucking skeez,” Tony laughs as Steve twists his hips, puts him on his back, drags him down the bed.
Tony blinks at him. Yeah, he’s done. He tries to shuffle out the way; the shower curtain is covering the floor and there are tufts of hair glued to the linoleum with water. He’s so fucking embarrassed.
Tony shakes his head. “I just – lost myself, for a second,” he says, and Steve spins him around, clutches him to his chest.
Steve is still hard, and still just lying there, breathing. The shock of it has momentarily broken his brain. “Uh,” he groans.
He knows where Steve is doing Soup. At the soup kitchen. Steve is – he’s a good guy. So he volunteers on Christmas to help give out food and stuff. Tony isn’t a good guy, but no one’s ever really minded, so he doesn’t care. You don’t need to be good when you look as good as Tony.
He soothes him, under the shade of the tree. Tony’s head rests in his lap; he strokes back his hair. He hums. The air smells sweet, there’s hope. Today they rest, tomorrow they fight.
Steve stands, and the table shakes. The gun is pressed to the back of Tony’s head. Pierce holds out his hand, warning.
Tony shrugs at him, wiggles on Steve’s lap. He’s wet, and Steve is thickening beneath him. He could do with a nice fuck, maybe – what does he have to do to convince him?
“I can’t, Tony,” Steve soothes. “Here, shuffle.” He’s sliding under the covers, gently letting Tony lower his head onto his chest. “I can help. It’s fine. I know it hurts, but first you have to just shut your eyes, and it’ll get better.”
Tony is omega, which means he is in control of his anger, always. Good omegas are not quick to temper, and do not lash out in anger. He’s not some alpha, full of rage.
“You’re lying,” he teases, because he can feel him thicken against the small of his back. “I don’t mind, even if it’s the filthiest thing in the world. I can take it.”
"Steve," Tony says "I really don't mind if you want to beat my ass every so often. You know, I actively encourage that."
“They’re not angry,” Steve says again “why would they be angry at you? C’mon, Tony, no one is – no one blames you for anything, nothing was your fault. They’re worried for you, we all are. Come on, let’s just get some breakfast okay?”
He tells him about Bruce, and that he won’t believe this, but Clint has a family in Iowa he thinks he’s keeping secret. He tells him that the tower is lonely, and that he’s getting extremis patented.
“I worry,” Pierce smiles, taking back his hand. “I worry, is all, Tony. I wouldn’t want to think he was ever rough with you.”
"What?" Steve says, and Tony hears the frown in his voice. "I'm not -- God, no, I wasn't angry, sorry. I was just thinking."
So he carries him. The rest of them part, bow their heads. “Stark,” T’challa murmurs. And then, “Stark,” Quill repeats. “Stark,” and “Stark,” and “Stark,” the name travelling back, to their friends, across the crowd, and then further, until the soldiers are whispering his name, and all you hear is Stark, Stark, Stark.
“Bread?” Tony says, holding it under his nose. Bruce bats him away, drags over salad, and starts picking morosely at some leaves.
“You fucking would,” Steve tells him, voice hard, pulling back his boot. “That’s how desperate you are. That’s your punishment, you know that, Stark? No more pretence, is there? You sat in that meeting like not a single voice other than yours mattered, and now look. Look,” he orders. “I said,
“You didn’t — you didn’t call. Or ask. Or text anyone, or do anything, didn’t you — did you see the news?” Tony asks, hoarse.
“We should take off the make-up,” he says, conciliatory. “Here.” He helps him sit on the edge of the bath, balances him with a hand to the shoulder. “Is there – is there something I should use? To take it off better?”
Steve is tracing the soft, silvery scar that wraps around his lower leg, just a little before the curve of his foot. “When?” He asks.
Rumlow must be wearing leather gloves. He slides his hand across Tony’s naked shoulders, up his nape, fists in his hair. Pulls back his head. “Look at me,” he orders, viciously.
“We’re both engineers, you and I,” Diana says, examining a knife. “You create works of art using screws and nuts and bolts, whereas I use knives and flesh.”
“The omegas,” Hill agrees. “Cap tried to stop them. The men, I mean. And he did. But he was in fight,” she says pointedly.
Steve’s nose twitches. “Where am I?” He asks again, slurred, eyes clouded. He shifts his knees between Tony’s thighs so they’re spread; apparently, Steve has just realised the person beneath him is omega. He’ll fuck him, if he has to. Anything to keep him here, and keep him grounded.
Pierce brushes lint from Tony’s shoulders. He straightens the collar threaded around his throat. Let’s talk psychology, he says, tucking an errant strand of hair neatly beneath the strap of the muzzle around the lower half of Tony’s face.
He rolls onto his back, and someone covers him with a blanket. Sometime after, he falls asleep to murmured voices.
He doesn’t know what, exactly. He switches off his cell, and never turns it back on. Steve goes to work in the morning – even when he’s not on a mission, he has a strict routine. He likes to use the specialist gym at the Triskelion, and do his paperwork in the office he has there. He’s always done by lunch, on those days. Tony will meet him, and they’ll eat together in small restaurants that Steve gets recommended by other people. Or, Steve will come home, and Tony will cook for him.
things, awful things, sometimes, and not just stop to fucking think. That’s what narcissism does to a person, he figures.
And waking? Tony yawns and rolls, stretching out the length of his spine. He’s bruised, but it’s not so bad that he can’t make himself more comfy. He smacks his lips. For the first time, he realises that the mattress is thin, and the pillow flat. It had felt so much softer in the heights of his confusion.
He reaches out, follows the line of Tony’s cheekbone with his finger. “It’s interesting,” he says, “I guess – I know all of this stuff, but it’s interesting to hear what you think.”
Tony feels like someone has wrapped him in cotton wool. He feels stuffed, aching, everything around him is muted, noises sound like they are happening while he lies, underwater.
an omega. The alpha-alpha, you know? And of course, then you get into weird territory, with harems and kings and dynasties, but – for the most part,” he explains, in his long-winded way, “the alpha-est alpha gets the omega. But we’re not cavemen anymore.”
Tony smiles encouragingly, nodding. Steve knows he’s lying. But it makes Tony happy when Steve believes him. He thinks, it means Tony half-believes it himself.
“Jarvis said,” Steve is saying softly, hair sleep-mussed, wrapped in a robe. “It’s cold, Tony. What are you doing out here?”
“It’s alright,” Pierce says, but he sounds uncomfortable. “After all that – your body is just confused, Tony.”
He strokes his neck again. “You’re going to stay here,” he says, “because you’re in no shape to leave.”
"We've established that, Tones. Doctor's did a scan, there's no bleeding. You probably just whacked your nose a little in the fall."
“I love you, though,” Steve says, and his voice is barely there. Not even a croak, more of a whisper. “I… I still…”
“Four men dead and our Captain laid out for three days, and you’re sitting there patting yourself on the back for a job well done?” Nick snorts, incredulous. “Like hell, this is the last time we ever take you on your
Steve gets it. He half smiles, lays down his hand. “I’m in,” he says, picking up the tumbler, pouring the man another finger. “Tony,” he says, “you slept with him, huh?”
“Well, there was no harm done. This time,” Tony adds. “So don’t beat yourself up about it.” This is exactly what Fury was talking about; all that energy in an alpha like Steve – it’s one thing, if it comes out in sex. It’s another if it gets violent. Like the man at the gala almost found out. Like Ty discovered.
He holds up his hands, counts off his fingers. “When people want to hurt you,” he starts, “do they torture you? Or do they try to upset me, to get to you?”
She sits back in her chair, surveys the scene from her spot at the head of the table. Her smile is too large. Natasha has never, ever, in a thousand years, smiled like that. Ever.
Tony wants him to. He wants him to, right now. The idea plants in brain, like a seed. He wants him to march him downstairs, still sopping wet, naked, and drape him over his lap.
Steve drops his hand to the back of Tony’s neck, cups it, thumb dragging over his sensitive nape. He seems to like the little shudder Tony gives him, the appreciative wiggle, because he does it again.
“Not always,” Tony mutters. “Peter knew. He has this – when he’s in danger, you know? He goes a little haywire. He calls it spidersense, because he’s a – dork, I guess. Whatever. It – he knew. Knew it was coming, sensed it, tried to – he died, and he knew what was happening, and while his legs crumbled away and he turned to dust in my hands I just
Tony’s eyes slide past his head to the increasing blur of Steve in his peripheral. “You’ll have to take it up with him,” he says, honestly, flicking his eyes back to Killian’s. And then he pulls away.
He hears, we’ve had him beat them. He hears, he knows how it works. We’ve used him a few times at other parties.
“No,” Killian agrees, “of course you don’t, you stuck up little bitch. I offered this to you, you know. This power. I was going to make it yours. You ignored me. You
"Enough." Steve says sharply. "God, enough. Just -- forget it, okay? Forget it, forget I said anything."
Tony shrugs off his shirt, pulls on the silk night-pants Natasha got him for his birthday. “Are you coming to bed?” He asks, in lieu of a response.
“Hi, Tony,” Natasha smiles softly. Even hazed as he is, Tony can tell she’s being extra gentle, which he might have hated once but appreciates now. “Do you want some toast?”
Tony’s cell phone buzzes in his front pocket. Ty recoils, like the thought that other people exist and he can’t actually beat Tony to a pulp in the hallways of SHIELD had escaped him. “Answer it,” he orders, voice thin.
Tony doesn’t move straight away. He waits. Fury doesn’t even twitch. Eventually, he shuffles across the floor; darts across the floor, snatches it, skitters back.
The erogenous zone behind his right ear has been burnt dead – Killian probably did that on purpose. Dirty slut, he probably deserved it anyway, right? He probably… it’s all…
“Oh sweetie,” Tony yawns, rolling onto his side, tucking the comforter beneath his chin, “you should have taken a driver. It’s what we pay them for, you know.”
Tony can’t really make out what Steve says, next. Pierce laughs. “Oh no,” he says, “there were consequences. The loyalists were glad of his company,” he smiles down at him, thumbing his brow softly, scratching idly at what might be some dried fluid from someone else’s body. “He is
God fucking damn it. “Do people just – peruse my personal history at their leisure?! Fucking hell, are they selling copies of it in Barnes and Noble?!”
of seasonal clothing trends and exactly how hurtful bloggers can be when you’re wearing last year’s coat. “I’ll make it up to you,” he smiles.
“It was a long time ago. I heard about it, through certain circles. Never with anything but – immense sympathy, I should add.”
“And he was my friend,” Steve finishes. “The bonds of brotherhood, based in blood, that no force could…” he trails off. They’re watching him, and his words have stalled.
Not that he ever wanted anything like that from Bucky, no, no. Tony’s inability to ever understand the importance of Bucky to him, and the nature of their relationship, was near mesmerising, and often infuriating. Even before he was found, Tony could casually comment on Buck in an almost callous manner, that dismissive way he sometimes has. He realises Tony was probably jealous, because he is also prone to jealousy, but that he would never admit it for risk of appearing too invested. And so for years they skirted around the topic, the only time it ever really came up being those nights Steve awoke from a nightmare, when Tony would hold him so tight, stroke his hair back from his brow, press his lips to the back of Steve’s neck.
Now, Steve smirks. “Sure,” he says. “I don’t figure too much has changed in the past 70-years, Stark. I’m know you’re useful to have around for all sorts of reasons, but you’re going to need an alpha to take you in hand if this is going to work.”
ignite his passions. You. A forty-something omega, old, barren, pretty and well-bred, sure, but there are many,
“We had our differences. Ideologically, we never quite saw eye to eye. But — Tony saw the bigger picture, even when…” Steve swallows, stops pretending to read from his cards. “Even when others could be so short sighted.”
“Good.” He reaches down, pulls up Tony’s pants, pats his ass twice. “You should go shower,” he says. “I’m glad we had this talk. It was productive.”
Steve stares at him for a long time. Tony knows what he’s trying to do; people talk in long silences, Tony, especially, talks in long silence. He can’t help it, it’s reflexive, and he was trained to always be polite. He sips from the glass, raises his brows. “Will that be all, or…?”
Someone – not Steve – covers Tony’s eyes with their hand. “You’re right,” Bruce says roughly, “he’s not real, Tony. Just – close your eyes. You can’t see him, he’s not there.”
Steve narrows his eyes. “Fury talked about me,” he says, because he isn’t stupid. “He thinks what happened in the stairwell was a loss of control.”
Maybe he can get a job. Not a crazy job, not – not a CEO, or Secretary of State, or superhero. He could work in a garage, or fix people’s cars for them. Or fix computers or something. Enough to have food, clothes, pay his bills. And he could exist like that, he could happily exist like that, if the world left him alone he would leave it too. It would be okay. It could still all be okay.
Tony stares at her, uncomprehending. What the hell is she talking about? Tony blinks. "Yes." He says, eventually.
"Steve, she's got other people to deal with." Natasha says, suddenly, and Tony doesn't remember her joining the conversation. "We're stretched thin as it is. They're flying in more aid but for now -- "
He pulls back his head, his mouth split wide by Steve’s thick digits, effectively gagged, bridled like a pony. He tries to voice a complaint, shoving back into Steve, which only seems to heighten his pleasure. There’s spit running down his chin, he can hear himself – gagging, in time with Steve’s thrusts, and this can’t be allowed, he can’t just sit there and take this, this – this –
There’s only one thing Tony ever needs: protection. Protection comes from information, and power. He checks them off in his head:
Tony lets his head hit the pillow. “No,” he admits, “I’ve been staring at the ceiling for the past hour.”
Pepper considers. “Sure,” she agrees, “I know he did. You can love more than one person, Steve.” She tilts her head, raises her eyebrows. “You hurt him.”
“Yeah, like maybe some rope and a few whips. C’mon, Tony, no. There guy’s a creep, you wouldn’t really.”
Richards winces, looks away. “I was high. We all were. Even if – I couldn’t tell, when it crossed the line.”
Tony drops and rifles through Steve’s bag. Sushi! He grins up at him, knocks his shoulder against his knee.
Tony shuts his eyes, gently fucks two fingers into himself. He sighs. “Well,” he says, “don’t let that stop you. I wouldn’t want you to – to not do something you enjoy on my account. Sir,” he adds.
“I talked to Fury today,” Tony starts, not bothering to check if Steve is listening; he will be. Rolling up his sleeves, he pours out two fingers of scotch into separate glasses, carries it down to the couches.
As usual, critique on how you think the OC's are shaping out as well as any other feedback is loved!!!
Nick is still at the table. His makeshift cot is empty. Maybe, it’s not just Tony that has to deal with insomnia.
But he just frowns at him. Traces the shape of his brow, eyes, cheekbones, nose, lips, with one finger. “Bad,” he says again, softly.
So he pulls out the cigarettes, lights up. It sets off the sprinklers, but jokes on them: after the impromptu shower, no one can smell Steve on his skin.
“Stop,” someone says; Barnes. The door has been thrown open, and he’s holding out his good arm, pleading. “Tony, don’t you dare.”
“Yeah well — you can be sometimes, you know that? Steve? You can be an idiot. I was an idiot too, when I was thirty. We all make mistakes. It’s — my fault, for ever thinking, or even — letting it go so far — “
Steve is stiff. He isn’t looking at Tony, won’t even turn his head. “It doesn’t interfere with my work,” he tells him, like that’s the most important thing.
He shuffles closer. Carefully peels the fabric down over Tony’s shoulder, exposing the right side of his body. He winces. “Oh, Tony,” he says, “this is worse than I thought.”
Richards screams when he drills the first burn against his brow. Steve covers his mouth with his hand. “You see,” he says, face screwed in concentration,  “you left burns all over my Tony. Do you remember that? You left them on his feet, you left them on his thighs. And he told me, you put them other places too, but then he got too upset, and he couldn’t finish.”
He scents Steve, even if he can’t see him. Pierce is talking. Tony is… so zoned out. He is so, totally, fucking gone.
“No, I – “ Tony tries to smile, easily, like Thor does. It turns out flat. “I don’t want to interrupt – “
“It’s okay,” Tony sighs, because Steve is still hot inside him, twitching, and it’s a – unique feeling. Glorious. “Just a little late night roleplay, huh?”
Tony doesn’t waste breath telling Steve to lay off, that he’s used to it, there’s no point; that would be stupid in the extreme. Instead, he says, “I would just do it, if I were you. You’ll be sparing yourself a lot of trouble.”
Inside the cell, it scents like blood and sweat. Steve is shivering, whimpering, knees drawn up to his chest. Tony moves quietly, feet falling softly on the cold, metal floor. “Hi,” he whispers. He holds out his hand. “Steve,” he says, softly. “Hey, Steve. It’s me. It’s just me, here for you.”
“It was after Ultron,” Steve tells Tony quietly one night, not long after Steve returns from Wakanda. “That’s when.”
Steve pushes his head into the crook of his neck, strokes his hair. “It’s okay,” he whispers. “Tony it’s okay.”
you weren’t happy about it. I didn’t listen on purpose, I just thought… in case he tried to hurt you. I just felt he wanted to hurt you. I could sense it. I have good instincts, Tony.”
Steve nods. “Just so I’m clear,” he says, walking forward. He unfolds the picture, holds it out. “This is your home, correct?”
Tony is actually distantly aware when they come in to land, but he feels like he's wrapped in cotton wool. Too warm, too comfy, to move. Even if he could, he doesn't want to. Steve gently unclips his belt and lifts him into his strong arms. The world tilts as they walk down the ramp onto the asphalt and then down the stairs to the sky entrance.
“Yeah. And you know what? One of the best weekends of my life, so. Don’t go threatening her for reparation or some crazy alpha shit.”
Steve recoils back like a beast that’s been struck. He roars, throws his fist into the wall, leaves a sizeable crater. “You’re
Steve doesn’t understand, and he doesn’t sleep well. They drink, all of them, until the early hours of the morning, and when the others go to bed he offers to clean up. He ends up sleeping there, head pillowed on his arms, on the floor of the living room. Sometimes, he thinks anything is better than the bed they used to share.
Tony hides his smirk. “Captain,” he says, pointedly, dragging him down the hallways by his tie. He slides into one of the empty lounge rooms, pulls him in after him, rests his back against the door and smiles. “Should I thank you on my knees?” He asks, innocently. “How should I pay my reparation, Captain?”
“I’m sorry, about your Captain,” Pierce tells him, genuinely regretful. “He’ll be dead soon. Or at least – the man you knew will be dead fairly shortly. An unfortunate turn of events,” he sighs.
“My dad is sick, he might not make it, I’m going home and I’m spending Christmas with my mother. Tell Tony I will be back eventually, but I don’t know when. It could be awhile, maybe. Tell him I’m — not leaving him, at all. Make sure he does his exercises, make sure keeps busy. Tell him I’ll be in touch soon. I haven’t got much time, but — tell him I’m coming back. I promise. Captain? Make sure you tell him that, let him know.”
Tony crumples. He sits on the side of the bed, hands over his face, shoulders tight and – his mouth pressed into a line, breathing heavy, a low whine at the back of his throat which means –
Steve’s place is nice. Homely. There’s a record player in the corner, and it’s stuck on something nice and bluesey, mellow. The living room smells like smoke – Steve must’ve been smoking, but then, the smell makes him feel sick all over again.
But see, he gets it. Constantly playing the game, all that manipulation. Tony’s had to fight for so long to get what he has. Even then, people trip him up, knock him down, and worse: use him. Always, they fucking
He relaxes. Lets his whole body go loose, throws in a few moans, a few breathy whimpers. Steve grunts, slows his thrusts; pulls out, long and unhurried, takes back his hands and brackets them on either side of Tony’s heads. “That’s it,” he’s breathing, “let me hear you, go on, Stark. Let’s hear it.”
Tony frowns, lassitude making his lips loose. “Steve,” he asks, “have you been reading those relationship books?”
“Did you think that was clever?” Tony asks the man. “Saying those things to him? Did it make you feel good?”
“God,” he rasps, “the omegas. They were slaves, Tony, they were – experiments. Most of them couldn’t even speak, the only one that could… the things she said. Skinny little things, you could see bone. They were all drugged, that’s what they do there. Test this – this drug – “
Tony smiles at him. “That’s cute,” he says, cradling his drink. “I’m glad I know that about you. For the record – no beeping. He says he’s a scientist. Biological engineer, I think.”
He picks up a file from his desk, slides it across the table. “I stop this from moving any further.”
Are there days when you can’t get out of bed? When everything dissolves into mush? When you want to drop a weight onto your skull and let it push you deep into the ground? Is that why you drink? Because it could be excusable, Tony. If you get help.
Two steps over the threshold into a dank stairwell, and Steve’s fist is in his hair, pushing him forward. “You think your behaviour back there was conducive to a good work environment, Tony?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Steve’s thumb is back, this time drawing long strokes from his palm downwards.
Steve doesn’t know how much the others know about their relationship. He thinks they must suspect, because he and Tony don’t go out of their way to hide it. Among friends, they don’t mind who knows, but won’t be oblique. Tony is still reticent, and Steve understands that all too well.
A furrow has formed in Steve’s brow. “Well, most of it was in storage. You know, when they – sold the tower. I think – lots was sold off, uh. The stuff you had here…”
It’s almost 3AM. They’re crowding him, all of them, with their broad shoulders and scenting like fight. Tony works his jaw. “I’m not going to let him suffer,” he tells Pierce.
They hear, ‘I loved him’, and they’re touched. The strength of that bond, they must think. ‘Brothers’.
They spend a Saturday shopping, because Tony wants to. He talks Steve into buying a new suit, and so then Steve dutifully trails around while Tony sprays perfumes and compares shades of rouge he’ll never wear and holds up ties to see which best matches Steve’s eyes. It’s indulgent of him, and Tony appreciates it, hooks his arm when he offers to carry the bags, kisses his cheek when he rolls his eyes and mutters that he didn’t fight a war to be a pack mule.
“I’m so glad you could make it,” he’s telling him, brushing his hands lightly against Tony’s shoulders, squeezing, the whole length of him at his back. His grip has Tony leaning into the back of the chair, the pressure filling up all those instinctive, reassuring signals: safe, and covered, and protected, right against the softness of his tertials. “You might not know this, but it’s very important to me that you respect me, Tony.”
“Cheat,” he snorts against his skin, nipping at his earlobe. “I don’t even want to punish you for it. Just want to hear you feel good.”
Tony feels like his head is spinning. Maybe it's the heat from the bath, or maybe it's the start of a bad drop, blood pressure rising, hands shaking, yeah, you'd think so. He stares at Steve, sitting on the bed, and he just gets on his knees, buries his head into his own hands because he can't even bear to look, he doesn't even dare look at Steve. "You're right," he says, head bowed "you're right and I'm wrong, I'm wrong. I'm sorry for being so wrong." Tony wonders if he should list, but he figures it might be an overkill. His head hurts, now. Fucking perfect.
(More than them. Bruce was the only one out of all of them who really ever treated Tony like a friend. And when Tony took a side he couldn’t agree with, he did the right thing, and didn’t get involved.)
He doesn’t hold the charade for long, looking over his shoulder and smiling, naturally good-natured. “Tony,” he says, like he’s genuinely happy to see him, “you came.”
“I know – it’s important, how we’re viewed, and what people think of us,” Tony gets out in a rush, “I promise it won’t happen again. I won’t let you down, Steve, and if – if we could come to some agreement… I mean, if we could just put this behind us, and pretend it never happened – “
Tony does. He mouths along Steve’s clothed thigh until he reaches the heat between his legs, hard, expecting. He meets his eyes. Steve just watches him.
Tony takes back his hand. “I was upset,” he hears himself say, distantly. “Pierce helped me, because I was – very upset. I wasn’t thinking clearly. I kissed him,” he remembers, but he can’t remember why. “I wanted to say thank you. But I wasn’t
Pierce pulls back his hand. His eyes flick to Fury’s, then back to Tony. “The most effective way to neutralise the drug is the natural way,” he says, carefully.
accounts, Tony, they’re offering to pay you back a lump sum. And you get the intellectual property back. The patents! It’s like you’ve sued them, except — “
It’s brown, crumpled. Very inconspicuous, could be anything. Steve’s cheeks – flush slightly, maybe. It could just be because the fire is close, and too warm. It’s nice, Tony thinks, the way he gets that blush high on his cheekbones. It reminds him he’s not just a righteous, angry alpha with a complex. He has a nice side, probably.
Tony wondered where Fury had gone, but he can’t imagine him ever being moved by anything enough to lose his cool like that. “I knew what I was getting into,” he murmurs, frowning. His head hurts. Pierce holds out another glass, and Tony is all too glad to accept.
“No. I mean, I didn’t just do it out of love for you, or for the sake of good human nature. I wanted a change too. I was in a position to give up everything, and so I did. And I don’t regret it. I love what we have here.”
Tony swallows, and for some strange reason, smiles. “Aren’t we fucked up, Steve? Aren’t we just two screwed up people?”
He shifts, brings up his arms so his elbows rest on Steve’s thighs. He moves his mouth lower and with tiny, incremental licks, begins to lather Steve’s balls with his tongue. It’s gratifying to hear him grunt a little, pushes his legs further apart.
Tony blinks up at the greyish ceiling above him. Not a ceiling -- wait, no. Where is he? He raises his hands, slaps them against the sides of the -- coffin? Is he dead? God, no, please don't let him be dead. Please don't let them have buried him alive, he doesn't know how to get out of a --
“Alphas and omega. Some kind of medical testing facility. It was going well, fairly routine – anyway, one of the techs slipped some of the drug they were testing into the air supply. Next thing you know, every alpha on our team goes down.”
He acquiesces, bends his neck to the side to allow Steve access. “Do you want to fuck me?” He asks, exhaling sharply, smoke blowing back into his eyes.
Tony pulls his head to the side, shuts his eyes and lets it happen. “Good bitch,” Steve rewards, mumbling, pushing up slightly on his forearms, “gonna treat you right.” His lips are so soft; when he fumbles his hands between them to bracket Tony’s head, it’s awkward, clumsy, unlike the Steve that Tony has grown used to these past few months.
You can tell Thor’s arriving just by the rumble that carries through the ground. A new humidity in the air. His presence long ago stopped being threatening to Steve, but the hair on the back of his neck still prickles when he enters a room. Static, probably. “I’m late,” Thor says. “Apologies.”
Steve, shamefully, had slammed Tony into the wall. And Tony — packing a lot of muscle at the time, but still not ever enough to beat Steve — had responded the best way he knew how. He’d slapped him, which had hurt, and Steve had seen red. And by the time he’d realised they were kissing, they’d moved to the kitchen counter, and then the bedroom.
“Maybe,” Tony says, picking at the buttons of his shirt. It’s not sexual; he’s just exhausted. “Steve, lots of things are transactions. It doesn’t make them wrong.”
