Peter and Shuri were given the job of heaving some of the boxed crates that hadn’t been stored into the large metal transporting enclosures into the craft. Rhodes and T’Challa had taken to attaching large chains, made from a material Tony couldn’t identify, to the back of the craft and the metal containers. It looked as if they intended to empty out the warehouse.
“We got you back,” the man ignored Tony’s flinch as he rested his hand on his face, cupping his cheek with a soft smile. “And Loki made sure that you can’t leave again.”
“I was not freaked out!” Peter turned, lightly shoving at the genius’ shoulder. Both brunettes missing the movement on the top right of the screen as two figures moved through the high crops.
It took several minutes before things started to fade from his vision, and Tony managed to relax in Steve’s arms. When he tapped the hand on his waist gently, he was moved into a sitting position, although Steve merely moved him into his lap rather than letting him go.
Before Tony can open his mouth to ask what the gesture meant, another door to the left that he hadn’t noticed opened, and a voice he hadn’t heard in what felt like years greeted him.
Tony was going to drown. He was going to die. Steve was going to stick him under the water, and he was going to die.
“He was so close!” Steve exploded, turning to glare at his partner. Of course, the Winter Soldier knew that the actual heat of the anger wasn’t directed at him, but he felt it nonetheless. “And that… that spider kid!”
Moving quicker than he had before, Bruce made to pick up Peter when the child realized the action for what it was. With a scream, Peter threw himself back and wrapped his tiny hands into Tony’s shirt, ignoring the sharp pain the action elicited.
The reminder of the group having supreme power of the outside world hit him like a brick to the face. It was scary, how quickly he could forget. He squeezed his palm once but didn’t dare do it again in case Bucky noticed that something was off.
Shuri, with her Princess Leia buns and big smile, nodded enthusiastically. Not the least bit humble about her abilities with the technology she had created or worked with, and that was just the way Tony had been as a kid.
Clenching the crutches he was finally allowed to use as they were no longer worried that the stitches wouldn’t hold, Tony wobbled as quickly as he could to his area of the lab. Carol was already there, moving to throw a chair directly across from him as if she sensed his unease.
“He had a heart attack, thanks to your little stunt.” Rhodey hissed, wanting to do nothing more than gauge the man’s eyes out with a rusty spoon. How could Rogers even start to sound concerned?
Sure, he woke up worse than before. On top of the weakness of the attack (he didn’t want to face the idea that his heart had tried to give out on him), he was now coughing, shaking, and had a fever that was dangerously high. But, he had his family.
Still somewhat dizzy from the tranquilizer, Tony was silently grateful when Steve caught him as he bent down to put on the socks and shoes.
It looked like someone had taken the time to make it just for him, and there was no way the genius could ignore the grumble in his stomach as he reached forward and started to practically inhale the food.
They keep you locked up so that you grow dependent on them. They have a sick twisted idea that they’re in love with you, and because you’re only having this interaction all the time, you’re starting to believe it. You’re starting to believe that you love them too.
It was almost two weeks later that Tony, whom had finally taken a shower and eaten some soup due to threats from both Sam and Natasha, lay curled up in the newly cleaned sheets of the bed that the worst happened.
No one’s spoken, seemingly taking him in as he observes the surroundings. Natasha sits on a sofa, splayed out as if she doesn’t intend to share her space with anyone. Thor and Bruce share a sofa, both already have full plates on their laps. Sam’s taken the bean bag chair, and soon enough Clint’s joining the group as he sprawls on the floor with his own plate of food.
“What if instead of whatever lunch Bruce is planning today, we do a barbecue? I’ll make you whatever you want on the grill, and we can have a picnic outside!” The man noticed the boy’s gaze slowly flit towards him before quickly moving back to the pieces in his hands.
Tony nodded, watching as the little boy grinned in agreement, color slowly returning to his cheeks. With Bucky in the room, the genius was left wondering who in the hell Peter was speaking about.
Tony didn’t realize he was starting to hyperventilate until it was too late. He put a hand up to his chest and hunched forward, the confusing thoughts swirling over his mind. They had taken him to their home by force, but they only wanted to take care of him. They had shared meals, light conversations, and held him through his nightmares. Tony couldn’t remember a time when someone had done that for him.
Inside was a data storage center, filled from floor to ceiling. A large metal table with a monitor and several different keys, including a keyboard, sat to the right of the room. Two chairs settled in front so that two people could work on whatever they needed together.
The man had settled absentmindedly on an action film, and had been paying half attention when the main character was suddenly being tortured for information in the desert.
“We’ll celebrate when you’re on your feet, in a week.” Pepper’s voice was dry, no room for arguments or negotiations.
The two men sauntered towards the hall, smiling over their shoulder as if it were a reassurance to the genius. When the door shut soundly behind them, Tony felt his shoulders droop.
“You’re not going anywhere,” Steve hissed, using all his strength to start pulling the suit back into the building.
“It’s not the worst thing you’ve seen me do?” He tried. A moment of silence, followed by a half sob half laugh as she launched forward to give him a tight hug.
The lab was no longer monitored. Ever since that night, in which Tony had forgotten himself, the soldiers had stopped worrying that Tony was going to try to get away. His tracking bracelet had been removed, and he’d practically gained complete freedom in the building. They’d even given him their actual weapons to work on.
“Well, it wasn’t exactly what we were hoping for, but we figured it was the next best solution.” Bucky explained after a quiet moment. “And we know that you miss your kid, and you’re still a little nervous about telling us where he is, so we tried to find him.”
“Let’s go,” Steve nodded, dismissing the enforcers as he and Bucky turned to walk out of the building. They didn’t even need to put on more than their dark jeans and shirts, the world feared them enough without a mask.
Clint, looking like he had his own fair share of suits he’d had to fight off, jumped down beside Natasha with an impressed whistle. “I knew he could make some cool stuff, but that was impressive.”
Still facing the hall in which he’d made his mad escape, Tony didn’t miss as the enforcement guards slowly approached the group, followed by a smiling Natasha and a frowning Bruce Banner.
Hands rubbed his back, voices soothed him. But even as the tears stopped Tony found that he couldn’t calm down.
Thank you for all the comments, kudos, and bookmarks!! I've been trying to figure out how to write this chapter, and finally just decided to release it. Hopefully, its not too confusing. Hope you enjoy!!
Thinking about getting out of the house, of using his hands… His body wasn’t as achy as it had been because of the de-aging, Tony could build something interesting without suffering all the aches that came with the physical labor.
All the genius could do was murmur quiet objections; his body pressed firmly against the super soldier behind him.
With a groan he couldn’t suppress, Tony sat up gingerly and was glad to find he had the strength to do it. However, the action also woke Peter who sat up with his fist raised, ready to battle whatever foe was waking him.
“Who?” The word came out strangled, his hand fiddling with the covers beneath them to hide just how nervous he was becoming.
Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, subscriptions, and comments! You guys keep me going on this story. This chapter was a little difficult, but I didn't want to leave you guys hanging... I hope you like it!
With a frown Tony tilts his head enough so that he can just see past Roger’s broad shoulders, spotting Clint Barton standing with his arms crossed. A wheelchair sits idly by the former hero, cushioned so that whomever sits in it can be comfortable as they’re transported.
Shuri nodded, smiling in return. “Would you like to see my lab while we’re at it? Peter and I were working on a few things before he had to leave.”
When he opened his eyes again, it was to a completely different room. He’d been put into the bedroom, curled between the two super soldiers who were obviously wide awake.
Doctor Strange had disappeared, and Peter had claimed it was because the man had other people to tend to, and was constantly on the move as his magical trace could be found by Loki if he wasn’t careful.
Without hesitation, she had been given an older, inconspicuous vehicle, and money to travel around the states. She had been given several different cards to use as identification, and an old phone that was untraceable should she be captured.
However, before anyone could make a move, before fists could start to fly, a small voice screamed from the second floor.
I'm the slowest writer in history, but I won't abandon the story, I swear! This chapter is a little shorter than the rest, but I wanted to add it so that you also know that it's still coming (I don't like doing author notes as chapters). I'm hoping my writer's block doesn't continue so I can write faster, but please be aware that I do have a plan and it will come into fruition.
A voice right next to the two caused Tony to jump, breaking completely away from Wanda as he faced the white haired male that held a half-eaten apple in hand. “Stop being so cryptic sis, and tell him what’s going on.”
When Pepper came into the room, Tony threw the communicator on the bed, barely keeping the IV from ripping out of his arm. He was still panting as he ordered Jarvis to make the video call.
Peter looked as if he were starting to slightly panic at the new information, his brown eyes opening wide. “Dad… what are we… you have to tell them.”
“I have a plan,” the little boy murmured after he was sure that the soldier had left the room. “I wasn’t going to let you face them alone, and it’s not like they really could have hurt me. They wouldn’t risk losing you.”
“Tony, Tony, Tony…” Steve grinned, both hands moving so they held the struggling genius’ arms down amongst the pillows.
The genius pulled back, looking pale as he stared at the girl in the face. “How is this possible? I… I saw you die.”
The soldier frowned, but then shook his head. He’d never dealt with a genius for a child, and rumor had it the kid was as smart as Tony if not smarter. Chances were that Peter was right where he needed to be, although he would ask Bruce later as the man might have more of an understanding of children’s development.
“So, where exactly are we going?” Maybe if he started a conversation with the girl, his mind wouldn’t keep retracting back to the two men they’d left behind.
“Rogue,” Tony supplied. He glanced down at her hands, seeing the black leather gloves that covered the skin. He had read the file, and knew that she held a power that came from touch, so it made sense that she was practically covered from head to toe.
“I found a cat!” Clint held up the animal, shrugging. “He seemed friendly, thought the kid would like him.”
Tony swiveled in his seat, so that the two were facing each other rather than the workbench. He set down the half-drunk cup of coffee and leveled a serious expression on his face. Pepper’s mouth was pursed, as if she knew that she wasn’t going to like whatever came out of the man’s mouth.
“Go to sleep doll, we’ll be here when you wake up.” Bucky planted a chaste kiss on Tony’s lips before leaning back and curling around him, the television turning on so that a movie played quietly in the background.
One of the Dora Milaje stepped forward, held back only by a hand calmly placed out by the king. Rogue, whom hadn’t spoken a word, was watching the exchange with interest in her eyes. “They’ll be okay Tony.”
One more bang, and the heavy metal door that had been reinforced for the safety of the rebellion flew across the room. It landed with a resounding thud against the far wall, although no one noticed as figures rushed into the room.
Bucky seemed only slightly upset that his food reveal had been ruined by the words and reached forward to gently lift the top of the tray to reveal a bowl of chicken soup. It looked homemade, like whomever made it had taken a considerate amount of time to create the meal.
He was angry, the emotion was evident on his face as he stared the group of former heroes down. The genius felt like vomiting, the room still threatening to spin around him.
Both men froze, waiting until Peter once again buried his face further into Bucky’s chest to snore quietly before moving.
“He’s right Clint. The instructions are specific on what piece goes where so that you can build the ship on the front of the box.” He spoke softly, trying to be the calm energy between the two turbulent ones beside him.
The girl hadn’t been present until they’d taken him down to the lab after the meal. They had explained that some scientists were working on making sure she was safe to be around Tony, and that Bruce had gone to fetch her. They had also promised that they would not be leaving the building anytime soon before leaving Tony to work on Clint’s arrows, the first weapon they’d let him touch.
Tony could hear the unsaid word as the sentence had been spoken but was at least relieved they weren’t going to try anything immediately.
Tony rolled his eyes, arms crossed over his bare chest as he glared daggers at the man. “No, I refuse. Pick something else.”
Tony rolled his eyes, not bothering to hide the reaction. Nodding, both watch as Natasha set everything down before taking the unspoken message and leaving the room.
He groaned, hearing Rogers reassure him that he could sleep, that it would all be over soon and that Tony would be safe.
They settled the two into the covers, throwing it up so that Peter’s little eyes barely peaked over the covers of the bed.
“You know, give it like, thirteen years and you’re going to be in the same place kid. I’m old,” he murmured.
“You better have a good plan,” he grumbled to the girl softly so that they couldn’t be overheard. “Because if this doesn’t work out, I’m not coming out of this with my sanity.”
Tony held up a hand, shaking his head quickly in an attempt to get the girl to stop talking. “Don’t,” he cut her off.
Being under the weather must affect him more than usual, because he can feel his eyes getting slightly wet. He refuses to cry. Fortunately, the roar his stomach makes quickly turns the feeling into mortification and Tony turns to hide in the blonde’s chest.
“Okay Golden Boy, whatever you choose next,” as the words left Tony’s mouth he instantly regretted them. A gleam in Steve’s blue eyes told him that it had all been a set-up, and he nearly rolled his eyes clearly out of his head when he saw the shirt.
With a tilt of his head Tony allowed the other to plant his lips between the apex of his neck and shoulder, humming in approval as his entire bodyweight settled on the soldier.
“Can we take another minute, I don’t think he can really stand right now… after that.” Rhodes wasn’t afraid to speak his mind, even if the man he was speaking to was the king of his own country.
“See you soon,” the archer places a kiss on his forehead as one would do a child, before all but skipping out of the room, the door closing quietly behind him.
Pulling back, she grinned and planted a quick kiss on Tony’s forehead before he could protest and all but bounced towards Sam, looking completely like the teenager they’d made her. Reaching Sam, the blond turned to glance at the quiet genius.
“I guess you were right Stevie, he really is smarter than his dad.” Bucky Barnes drawled, gaze focused on the wall of screens in front of them. Several people sat at computer monitors, trying desperately to find some sort of trace of the Stark genius.
“How about…” He paused, for dramatic effect or not, and then grinned in a sing song voice, “you’re in trouble.”
No one sparred a second glance in their direction, both in sweatpants and t-shirts looking more like the homeless population than two runaways.
“It’s a projector! But yeah, there’s a few movies!” Peter quipped, jumping to his feet to get the white screen up, pulling his tablet out with all the films.
May and Pepper switched from coddling him, and throttling him for his decisions. Happy insisted he learn some new moves, and had used Rhodey to help set Tony through an exercise regime that wouldn’t put a strain on his injury. Peter had spent his entire day stuck to the man like glue, only letting Tony out of his sight when the man had to use the restroom.
The soldier quickly tucked him up so that he was leaning against several pillows, a heated blanket that had to have belonged to Bruce at one point curled around his body. How long had he been shivering?
Acting like the idea of getting punished for something like escape didn’t seem to faze the blond, as she all but swung herself into the seat next to Tony. Both staring quietly at the grey slab of the work area in front of them in thoughtful silence.
The shock started to set in, from the situation, from the blood loss, and for once Tony was grateful to find himself passing out.
He watches the fight in front of him, as Wanda struggles to take on the more experienced fighters. She looks just like Peter, before he learned how to fight. Tony sit ups, opening his mouth to protest when he meets her eyes.
Blinks again and finds himself with Rhodey, getting hugged in his living room as he cries for the loss of his mother (and a little bit for his father).
He sees Peter, staring at him in surprise completely covered in blue foam. He sees Rhodey walk into the lab, pivot in place, and pretend that he hasn’t seen the mess.
Tony had to hide his smile, eating more of the raw cookie before he picked up the second one. The sugar settling nicely in his stomach and chasing away the remains of the nightmare.
For the life of him, Tony could not begin to figure out what the two men had gone looking for. No matter how much he tried to dig into his own memories, he couldn’t remember a conversation that spoke of them leaving.
He waved a hand towards the fixed appliances, never looking away from Tony. “Now, I want to speak to you about what you’re doing here. Did you really think I’d be fooled by your accidental bots?”
They had gone to some sort of warehouse, Tony having injured himself before they got there. It had led to his hands being wrapped…. Right?
The blond man turned slightly and glanced at the male in his arms, smiling lightly. “What’s up sweetheart? Do you want me to put on something else?”
Before she could argue, he grinned and spoke gently. “Going to those charity galas was actually a benefit for us, I made connections with a young man at the time called T’Challa. He’s the king now. I’ve already confirmed the plan, and to expect you if something were to happen.”
He jumped when the soldier chuckled, wrapping his arm around Tony and bringing the genius to curl closer to his chest. “Go to sleep, you need rest after all that.”
Tony felt his shoulders slump, bypassing the kid so he could take a seat on the toilet lid. He rested his head on his hands, quietly gazing at Peter as most of his remaining energy started to drain.
Tony is just glad that the soldier is showing kindness rather than the commanding attitude he’d shown before everything. At least the captain was letting him do things on his own. His mind screamed that it was a ploy, a way to relax him in the situation, but he chose to push it back and follow the man down the stairs and to the backyard.
“Well, let’s see what your programing has done,” Bruce comments, sitting back as the control board sinks so that the two of them can practically press against the window to watch the action.
Unlike the cold of the other hallway, this one had been painted a soft blue. There were several pieces of art hung from the walls, making the area feel cozier. The doors were painted an off white, one that indicated that wherever they were, it was meant to be the exact opposite of Tony’s prior location.
It takes a moment to shove the bag and radio into the little spot and to put the little grate that they’ve removed back. But just when the two turn away and Peter starts to pet Goose the door swings open to reveal Natasha carrying what looks like a cat bed and food.
Knowing that he had the strength and mind to get up if needed, Tony allowed himself to relax and fall back into the pillows, turning on his side so he could face Peter with minimum effort.
Tony shook his head, smiling softly at the petulant expression thrown his way. “Of course not, I was just… making the most of my last night with two men with great stamina.”
Tony turns only slightly to see a hammer suddenly smashing through the machines, completely taking out their control systems so that they fall to the ground, broken.
Her smile breaks his heart as she speaks, “I hope you don’t mind, but I put myself and Pietro in there too. Someone good can remember us that way.”
“I finally understand why you wanted a metal suit around you at all times, you attract danger honeybee.” Clint teased, wincing slightly as the nurse pressed too hard on his injury.
Stopping just inside the hallway, Bucky smiled when the genius pointed to the floor again and quietly told the soldier to put him down. Without argument, he gently set Tony on his feet, although he kept a firm hand on his shoulder so that he wouldn’t attempt to go back towards the room.
Tony had thoroughly enjoyed eating a half-burnt lunch, laughing through the meal because no one had gotten better in the kitchen during his absence. Informed that his bots had all been safely guarded in Wakanda, he promised he’d teach one of them to cook.
From the corner of his eye, the man could make out Falcon swooping from a nearby building, what looked like tranquilizer guns in his hands. Fortunately, they hadn’t expected the upgraded suit and what would have shot through his old armor bounced off.
Tony, for the most part, stayed quite as he listened to Steve speak. He wanted to protest the position against Bucky but found that it would take too much energy that he didn’t want to waste if he needed it to get away from the thing lying innocently on the floor.
His gaze flitted from the pile to the man beside him, looking exasperated by the child’s unwillingness to conform.
Tony had two men that absolutely adored him, and a team that was slowly becoming family and took care of him. He had a lab, and he was allowed to create (to a point) while the group made sure he never forgot to take care of himself. His wounds had healed to scars, and all horror films had virtually disappeared from the television.
The bed itself was huge, easily one of the biggest he’d seen. However, the room was just as large and left plenty of room to get around. A door had been left open to reveal a huge walk-in closet filled with clothing. Hues of white, dark green, brown, and gold made up the décor of the room. Plush pillows had been set on the bed, some in disarray on the floor from where Tony had kicked them off.
“You have to give trust to get it,” Bucky’s voice was right above him. Tony hadn’t expected the man to be the one running his hand through his hair, and startled.
With a shout he pulled his wrist back, the sight a bit ridiculous as the man held half the gauze in his hand and Tony’s arm stuck out from where he collapsed on the sofa.
The conversation had flowed between the two of them like they’d known each other their whole life. They even bantered playfully like Tony had often done with Peter, although his kid was truly the age and not a product of magic.
“Movie daddy! We can watch a movie! I pick!” He ignored the look on Tony’s face of confusion, instead listening to the chuckle that came from the super soldier.
Tony squawked at the insult, stomping after Peter as the smaller brunette cackled and all but skipped out of the room in the direction of the lab.
Pouting again, the little boy shook his head in denial. He quickly pulled forward again, burying his face in Bucky’s shirt to hide with a quiet whine.
Everyone else looks fine, just ruffled from what they had faced. It appears as if Tony got off easy if he only reopened a wound.
“I swear, I’ll find a way to set Dum-E on you,” Peter threatened. “I hear he can do some damage with a fire extinguisher.”
With a scream, the genius managed to rip one of his arms free from someone’s hold, wrapping it around his chest as the air completely disappeared from his lungs. The struggle abruptly ceased as he tried to breathe, his eyes squeezing shut.
Tony grinned, putting down the wrench he’d had in his hand to engulf her tiny hand with his own. “Tony Stark, it’s nice to meet you.”
The grip tightened so much on his arm that Tony let out a scream when the vibranium started to dig into his skin underneath it. However, it wasn’t enough to stop the blast from aiming straight and hitting Steve’s hand and throwing him directly off the suit.
The genius laughed, looking to the side to face the kid. “How about, I have a good feeling about this?”
“Tony!” Bucky screams, just in time to watch the genius trip and fall, barely dodging another shot from one of the bots.
The genius wanted to bristle at the words, but merely blinked watery eyes at Steve as he was in his line of sight. It didn’t take long for the unasked question to get answered, where were they?
Unlike a normal human being, Clint’s idea of rainy day films included every sort of horror film in existence. Bad films, good films, and all the films in between. He’d wanted to change the channel, but the screen had featured people being tortured and had thrown Tony right into a panic attack.
Tony followed in the wake that if it truly was his spider child in the other room, his hearing was phenomenal and he could easily awaken from their voices in the hallway. He also wanted to ask questions and not upset the poor boy.
So was this Carol's plan all along? I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter. I'm not the best at writing "love" scenes but there may be more in the future, so there's fair warning. So, will Tony actually get away? Or are the former Avengers going to manage to stop him? Let me know what you think, and thank you for reading!
Taking advantage of the open doorway, Bucky moved them forward so that Tony got a good look at the large vehicle that had pulled into the driveway. Slowly, the former avengers were moving out and walking into the house, each giving congratulations to the genius as if they hadn’t just kidnapped him. As if he had come of his own free will.
It took less than a minute for the two to hack into the cameras, giving them a clear view of the area. One camera focused on the back door, the other on the front porch. Several others had been positioned to watch the fields to make sure that no one was trying to make a surprise attack.
Immediately the kid’s eyes flew open, panicked as he saw Tony in front of him. He tried to scream, to move forward, but couldn’t do more than make pained sounds at the screen.
“We have to get to the escape vehicle, now!” He shrieked, watching as they all jumped to their feet from where they had been seated around the dining room table.
As she spoke, he tried to take in the details. Her hair was a spectacular mix of soft gold and brown, even if it was tangled beyond belief. Like someone hadn’t taken a brush to it in months. Her arms were littered with small, healing cuts that obviously hadn’t come from the door.
Bucky had a funny smile on his face, head tilted to the side as he watched the father and son combo settle at the table. Instead of answering Tony, the soldier pivoted on the spot and headed towards the grill where Bruce was starting to dish up hot dogs and hamburger patties.
Time seemed to start again, as everyone realized that Peter’s actions had gotten the little boy hurt.
The genius knew a cuss word he wanted to say at that moment, but instead narrowed his eyes and tried to stay still. However, as the silence in the room grew louder, Tony started to become aware of elements in the bathroom that he hadn’t thought about. The water in the tub was up to his waist, and while it wasn’t rising, it wasn’t comforting.
As if taking pity on Tony’s pale and shaking demeanor, Bucky sat forward on his chair and spoke up. “We didn’t want to hurt him. Like you, he’s spirited and smart. He was hurting himself trying to get to you… we didn’t want to hurt him, but we didn’t want you to lose him again either.”
Tony felt his heart rate speed up, eyes widening as the door opened to reveal two guards and a struggling man between them. The man was blindfolded, begging in a language of Middle Eastern origin that Tony was quick to pinpoint. He vaguely recognized the man as one of the surviving Ten Rings terrorists.
“Oh, yes. Excuse me, I got straight to the subject as we are on limited time. My name is Abraham Eskrine, and I invented the super soldier serum.”
“Me? Nothing. I have possibly everything I could have asked for, and more. But you, I find you so amusing.” Loki crossed his arms in front of his chest, smile wicked as he stared at Tony.
Bucky raised a brow, a hand running through Tony’s hair as he watched the reaction. Again, the fond look Tony had seen in both the super soldier’s eyes. “Everything okay?”
“I think Tony gets to pick the movie,” Steve suddenly speaks up, his gaze falling to the man next to him.
Unfortunately, he wasn’t prepared for the gunshot sounds to wake his dad. Peter jumped and climbed up the bedpost to avoid the fist that flew his way, Tony suddenly screaming like he was being flayed alive.
It appeared to be constructed completely of wood, although he knows that it must be reinforced considering it would be too easy for him to get out. The floors are also wood, and heat seems to travel from underneath so that when he steps a foot outside of the shaggy carpet, he’s still pleasantly surprised. The bed looks handmade, with what looks like manmade branches intertwining high into the ceiling serving as the headboard.
After T’Challa had come into the room and spoken, they had all witnessed firsthand just how negatively Tony had been affected from his stay with the soldiers.
With a laugh, Tony reached forward and turned the volume down, gently pushing away the arm from his waist. He was concentrated and wanted to make sure that his creation didn’t blow up in his face, even if it was just a piece to make the oven heat up faster.
Tony doesn’t deny or confirm the statement, staying quiet although his body is still trembling from the fear that they might be lying to him. He knows what the weapon can do, he’d created it.
“That’s not it, Tony. We want to raise him, with you, as a family.” The look on Steve’s face was one of a man who had just stated a solid plan, not one of a person completely deranged.
Bucky, a cut dripping blood down his temple, let out a laugh into the silence of the field. “Smarter than Howard alright. And damn beautiful.”
Slowly, as if the concentration and sound of Bucky quietly working helped, he started to recall little facts. He had been rescued by the leader of the rebellion, and it had been the very king he had sent his family to. Peter had called him dad. They had met up with his family in an old farmhouse, one he recalled from a dream with Jarvis. The real Jarvis.
“You should come to bed, let me and Stevie take care of you.” Bucky drawled, already lifted Tony into a bridal carry so that he could traverse the small space into the next room.
First, thank you so much for all the reviews, subscriptions, kudos, bookmarks. You guys are fantastic. I don't know why I had such trouble writing this chapter, but hopefully I can get the next one out faster. Enjoy the story!
Standing, Tony rubbed off imaginary dirt off his pants. “We’re going to go get Goose settled in Peter’s room. You can get all the cat essentials.”
They walked for several minutes before stopping at two metal doors, which Shuri pushed open after swiping her bracelet against a security scanner in the hallway.
The thought of working with his AI seemed to bring Tony back, unconsciously he had leaned towards Peter whom had made his way to stand beside him. “I can… I can do that.”
A hand flew into the air, catching the screwdriver before it could make contact with the down turned head.
The hesitant nod of agreement had Steve grinning, moving so that his arm was no longer wrapped around Tony’s waist. It was the movement that also brought the awareness that Steve’s other arm had been utilized as the genius’ pillow. Meaning Steve had to have been hugging him and reading over Tony’s shoulder while he slept.
Shaking his head, he moved towards the dresser that they had gotten the clothes out of earlier that morning, he didn’t need much, just a light sweater and a pair of socks. A pair of sneakers laid by the dresser neatly waiting for him.
When the sound came again, the screeching of metal was closer than before, and they all turned as a unit to stare as the metal door that slide open into the warehouse bended slightly after the noise.
It took several minutes for everyone to settle down, and Tony couldn’t remember the last time he had felt so at home around the people he loved. He let out a sigh, looking around at the faces of the people who he would treasure forever.
“Why don’t we just go scare him a bit?” Bucky suggested from over his shoulder. “Seems like a little punk, no jail time needed, just some good fear.”
Steve pulled back after a moment, concern and adoration shining in his blue eyes. “You’re okay sweetheart, you’re okay.”
“Tony Stark,” she practically purred, an accent he couldn’t quite trace falling from her lips. “I’ve been looking for you.”
Life is a little hectic, I could tell you all that's happened but it's a LOT. I'll try to update soon, the next chapter will definitively have the moment a lot of you are excited for, Peter Parker interaction. It took me a long time to write this chapter, I didn't want to just jump into it. I hope you enjoyed this update! You guys are fantastic! <3
Every single pillow minus two had been thrown to the floor, the covers thrown haphazardly over the two bodies on the bed. There had been absolutely no hesitation when they had gotten comfortable on the bed, used to each other’s company and the cuddles. Heck, the two were always cuddle bugs in their time in the bunker, nothing would have changed that.
Heart in his throat, Tony could do nothing as he watched Bucky pull Peter hard enough that the kid managed to tear his shirt into pieces, getting pulled away from Tony with protest after protest.
With a hiccupping sob, Peter reached forward and gingerly touched the stone as if it would break under the pressure of his hand. “I don’t know when I’ll be able to visit you again, but I have to go now. Tony gave me five minutes. I just… I just wanted to see you. Hopefully, I can come back on the next birthday.”
“Cheeseburger or hot dog?” Steve inquired from the side, putting together a single plate for the two. The genius was quickly reminded how little the captain knew about him, about his true, tiny traits that only the people he loved would know.
Just as Tony moved to the wall of weapons to grab an arrow, the music malfunctioned, and Black Sabbath started to blast through the speakers, the pounding of the music so loud that even the walls started to shake with each hit of the beat.
All Tony can process is Steve’s anguished and angry scream, watching as both Bucky and Steve try desperately to catch up to the two of them even as they shot towards the clouds, out of sight. Not a single one of the chasing group would be able to keep up, as the only two that might be able to catch the genius were still out of the country.
“A few of us got a little roughed up,” his friend’s voice admits. “But we’re all okay. But… Jarvis… I’m so sorry Tony.”
Within the blink of an eye, Loki was gone and Tony was alone in the workshop. The fog had cleared and the music continued to play as if nothing had ever happened.
At the age of fourteen, Anthony began his studies at MIT. And while Howard wasn’t impressed, he’d made his first friend in James Rupert Rhodes.  It was also the first time someone other than Jarvis had called him Tony.
Tony merely tightened his hold on Steve’s shirt, as if he were afraid the soldier would simply disappear and leave him alone again.
Tony nodded, passing his empty cup absentmindedly to Peter who placed it on the table in front of them.
“It’s okay, baby. It’s okay,” he murmured, feeling his heart break as he realized that he had very likely lost the teenager he absolutely adored because of Loki. Inwardly, he vowed that he would kill the trickster the next time he saw him.
He also noticed that the hall he’d ran through had had no windows, as if they were somehow still underground. Was this another bunker? It wouldn’t make sense as they had their own compound he’d provided for them ages before everything started. After all, Tony Stark could afford to spend money on something the government should have been paying for…
He knew that the teenager had noticed something had changed, but he refused to admit it. And while Tony still knew in the back of his mind that everything wasn’t right, a large part of him no longer cared.
Tony ripped at any IV attached to him, not bothered as they spewed a mixture of his blood with whatever drugs they were pumping into his system. The room spun before him, hands were grabbing at his arms, trying to stop him from moving off the mattress.
Carol Danvers, he realized with a start. Captain Marvel, his companion. She had helped him escape with Jarvis, she had been the reason he got out. Was she alright? Had she been in the warehouse? No, she’d gone with the family… they’d… they’d split up.
The child was proving to be hard to catch, managing to quickly move from left to right to avoid the outreaching hands. When he started to run towards Tony, who had forgotten himself and was trying to stop laughing so he could get the little imp, the boy ran at him at full speed. He tossed the plate at Steve, who tried to stop running and started to stumble with his arms wind milling.
“I absolutely love it Tony!” She moved forward, catching him in a hug that practically engulfed the man as they were about the same size.
Bruce escorted him to the lab and spent several hours in his own corner as Tony tinkered with a microwave that Thor had managed to break. The man created settings for all kinds of foods, trying to keep his mind off the fact that there was a piece of him that could only linger in despair at the absence of the two soldiers.
He curled up that night in bed and tried to keep his mind off of where they were keeping Carol for the night.
Already, Steve had reached over and flipped the switch of the music player. It was what gave them pause, as the sound didn’t stop.
“We don’t just kill people for no reason,” Steve argued, exasperation in his tone. “Everyone who we’ve gotten rid of has committed some sort of heinous act. We make sure that we lead by example and follow through with what we tell the people. We give them the ability to be free to a degree, but we want to make sure that they’re not doing something stupid.”
Using both hands, Peter gingerly picked up one of the wide brimmed cups and took a sip, smiling brightly at Tony and missing the milk mustache over his lip. Again, the billionaire had to withhold a laugh at the sight.
They both grow silent, taking the moment to analyze the repercussions of their words. It seems that the two soldiers are getting to them. “Dad… about Jarvis,” Peter starts.
Both the teens turned to face him, looking slightly surprised that Tony was even there before acknowledging that they had gotten lost in the talk. It was easy, to be so carefree when they were all together.
A grumble from the man was all it took, the vibrations shooting Tony over the wall as he shouted the super soldiers name. The blond never pulling away until every last drop ran down his throat.
The man had the nerve to look indignant, not enjoying the poke at his ego. “I am the best at this job, the only person that can beat me was Stark. He’s the reason this all happened, it’s his fault, not mine.”
“Don’t come near me!” Tony hissed, doing his best to keep the fact that his heart was threatening to spill from his throat, that his breath was getting harder to control. He was frightened, but the thought of Peter kept him on his feet.
“I’m so sorry, Steve. I did… I do love you, both of you. But it’s not right. It’s not real, it’s too much and I can’t… I can’t do this anymore!” He lifted his other hand and aimed the blaster from his palm at the arm that Steve was holding.
His rational thinking had disappeared, primal instincts to protect the scared child on the forefront.
“I’ll take the bathroom in the hall!” He ran towards an aged dresser, pulling out clothing for himself and then reached into a basket nearby, throwing several pieces towards Tony. “There’s a clean towel already hanging up for you dad!”
“Jarvis, turn on the sound,” Tony asked, watching as five desperate faces peered at him through the glass. They were crying, all of them, and Tony felt his heart break.
“Please tell me you didn’t change your mind!” Carol groaned, already noticing the love bites across his neck that the two soldiers didn’t want covered up.
Loki had probably taken one look at Tony’s “mistake” and realized that as an engineering genius, the bots wouldn’t have been so strong without some sort of purpose. Sure, he could have passed it off as Tony overestimating the strength of the Avengers, but that would have been hard to do for a man that had fought alongside them.
Bucky nodded, already standing from his crouch. He helped Tony to his feet so that the man didn’t have to release Peter. Bruce, whom apparently had been the only one to not simply run to the lake, held open a large towel he’d grabbed during the whole ordeal.
“Jesus! Take a joke!” The archer yelped as he ran forward to perch on top of a table, eyes running across the newly updated weapons with glee. He was excited to try the inventions that came from someone who was so intelligent.
Tony frowned, brows furrowing as he tried to figure out why Peter seemed so pleased about the information. Before he could ask, a scoff from the hallway interrupted their chat to reveal Carol standing with her arms crossed.
It was quick, unexpected, and caught the man so off guard that he could only stare ahead blankly in shock.
He crawled over to his pillows, barely managing to throw the covers over his shivering body before he collapsed and could no longer get up.
Outright laughing at the statement, the soldier proceeded to head down the staircase. He grinned when Tony grabbed onto his shirt and buried his face in the man’s chest, doing his best to avoid looking at what would surely be a terrible fall.
Tony sputtered at the words, trying to gauge just how insane the man was. He acted as if they had simply had a regular spousal argument, rather than an enraged man arguing over lack of consent and a kidnapping.
The genius wanted to retort about the poisoning in his chest, but could barely open his mouth, eyes half-lidded.
Before Tony could process exactly what was going on, Peter had pulled back completely with only his hands holding onto the genius. He started to shake the man, his anger overpowering any feeling of relief.
With a nod, Tony reached forward and snagged the small device. He easily stuck the earphones into his ears and turned the sound on, searching quickly through the various playlists that Peter had created. He couldn’t stop the happy tears that were filling the corner of his eyes, the laugh at seeing playlists he’d forgotten existed.
The roar seemed to set them all into motion, Natasha blurring as she ran straight down the hall, Rogers holding his shield at the ready alongside the Falcon and Hawkeye. Without prompting, Roger’s used his free hand to grab at the panicking genius and tug him into his side, safe behind the shield as bullets continued to ring in the corridor.
He’d also gotten the doctor to retrieve an oxygen mask that had stronger straps, one that would require both hands to remove with its wrap around buckle. When he was sure that Tony wasn’t going to further injure himself or move, Rogers had asked the doctor to leave.
There was sparing moments in which the kid wouldn’t budge on his stubbornness and control, and that was when he was building his models. Of course, Tony couldn’t say much as he was basically the same. It was why he was picky with whom helped him with his creations.
While T’Challa and his group worked on getting Rogue on the road, the rest of the group took a moment to relax and catch their breath.
The laughter echoed behind the two, leaving Rhodey and Happy with bittersweet smiles on their faces. They hadn’t been sure about rescuing the Parker’s at first, but in the end neither had regretted the decision. Tony was more energetic around the kid, and his aunt had been a godsend for Pepper who was no longer the only female in the bunker.
“Yes sir, we will inform you the moment it’s up.” The technician nodded, having been escorted into the room to tell the leader the news.
If you have any suggestion on where you think this could go, let me know! I'd love to get some ideas! :) You're all fantastic, thank you!
There was a distinct change in the color of the hallway that finally caught the genius’ gaze. Without being too obvious about his interest, Tony lifted his gaze from where it had rested on Bucky’s collarbone to see that they had entered a different area. It was warmer, lived in.
Suddenly, the suits started to blow up. Flying into the sky and causing explosions as the rain helped to thicken the confusion. In the panic of finding the two injured men, the Avengers let them get away without knowing it. Two bland suits that simply disappeared into the night.
At night, he’d started to enjoy the warmth and the cuddles from the two bodies surrounding him.  They’d often flip him depending on who wanted to spoon him that night, but no matter the choice, he was always warm and cozy. The nightmares from his time in Afghanistan all but gone in the presence of the two walls of solid muscle.
“What?” Tony want’s to ask what the mission is, but cuts himself off when he sees the man standing nearby. But Carol seems to catch it anyway, as she twirls as if she and Tony were having a silly conversation and replies with a single word that confuses him to the core.
In his fight to stop Peter, the man leaned forward and set the cup on the coffee table. He was shaking so terribly that the little coffee left would have spilled from the edges rather easily.
The teenagers head instantly popped up, looking too excited at the prospect of causing a little mayhem with the genius. “I know it’s childish, but I hear when you mix a few chemicals together, you can make this sort of crazy foam…”
He threw a look over his shoulder at the man, grinning. “You sound like you’re looking forward to scaring him.”
“I’m glad to see that you are safe,” T’Challa continued. “Although wounded, we will get that looked at soon.”
The machines were attacking them without mercy, trying to tear them apart while others flew overhead to add to the confusion. “Hello, my name is Jarvis. Please desist from going after Mr. Stark.” The machines had repeated several times, even as one by one they were taken down.
“Five days?” Steve stood, tilting his head. “I think if we get someone on the rebellion we can do it faster.”
The man looked down at his lap with an exhale, hands fiddling in his lap. “I’ll try,” came the words, and despite how sharp Pepper was, the relief blinded her to the fact that Tony never promised.
He motions towards Tony, although he’s already moving forward to crowd the man into moving. Without hesitation, and before the genius can start to speak, Bucky grabs a clean kitchen towel and starts to dry off his hair. A thick blanket follows after a moment, and in the whirlwind that is the Winter Soldier, Tony finds himself sitting on a stool at the counter, hands wrapped around a hot chocolate, curled in a blanket.
Silently telling himself not to panic, the genius reminded himself that the only way to get answers was to play by the rules of the other men. He had to be civil to the two psychopaths that loved him, even if it meant falling down the rabbit hole a little bit himself.
Immediately, everything that had happened came back to him. There was no stopping the panic attack that followed.
Brown eyes, almost glowing amber in hatred and fury, raised to meet those of the man in front of him. Anger so dark that Tony couldn’t even begin to name it was roaring in the back of his head, telling him to attack the Captain so he couldn’t harm another human again.
“I made it from scratch,” Bucky explained. “I wanted to make sure that it wasn’t too heavy, so you should be able to keep it down.”
Some of his muscles had started to cramp, but there was absolutely no way the genius was going to start complaining about it. Instead, he started to inwardly sing the lyrics of his favorite tunes, knowing that they would only pass the time for a while before he’d have to find something else to do. And Tony already knew he’d start doing equations in his head to not go stir crazy. He didn’t have the use of his hands at the moment, but his brain was still running just fine.
“Temporarily blocked it, at least,” she grinned. “But when they come back, I’m getting out of here.”
He sees the blue eyes look down at him, a gentle smile lifting the corner of Steve’s lips. The warmth slowly sends him back into oblivion.
It looked like everyone had scattered, the food cleaned up so that by the time they reached the kitchen only Steve and Sam were in the room. They’d spent enough time in the bathroom that the sun was starting to set, casting the room into different shades of pink.
Watching Peter concentrate, the soldier came to the quiet realization that the child was most definitively a genius. But was he too smart for the age that they’d gotten him to? Every time he read an instruction, Peter would count how many pieces of Lego’s he had left, and of what color, measure them to the ship, and then nod to himself before continuing.
When no answer came for his question, Tony sighed and pointed towards the door using an entire hand. “How about I leave you two alone to argue, and I’ll go find Rhodey?”
Thank you for everything guys! I'm trying to keep up, I swear, life is just... busy. No Endgame spoilers, this will still stay on track.
The king leaned against one of the unopened containers, watching Tony explore their facility with a soft smile on his face.
Steve had moved them both so quickly that there was no protest as the genius tried to get his baring’s. However, when the room came into focus and he heard running water, the panic was inevitable. Tony tried to claw at the man, tried to fight as the blond super soldier didn’t hesitate to sink him into the tub, clothes and all.
Bucky undressing so that he was left in his boxers, and then holding Tony so that the blond could get into the same state. The brunette had then moved off to fill a tub that was obviously meant for more than one person, while Steve carried the trembling genius to a large shower stall across from the toilet.
“Of course, you are the one that can change the tide. Not only with your brain, but by using their own ideas against them. You, Tony, are the hope that we need.”
What sounded like a bull crashed from the room, making Tony curse at the fact that he could barely breathe with the activity he had going. Another round of bullets started, this time not just directed at him.
Very slowly, as to not alarm the panicking man, Peter lifted Tony’s hand and placed it on his own chest. He took deep breaths, urging the genius to follow along.
His knees gave out, and Tony found himself falling to the ground in his relief. The room spun for a moment as he tried to focus on the fact that the kid was okay, that nothing had happened to Peter. Not yet.
In fact, the minute they had started to fly over green pasture and crops, Tony had started to make quips about the children of the corn being the most worrisome thing they’d have to look out for. Of course, that had led to Peter making fun of him for watching old films.
He also vaguely wondered if there were even cameras to hack in the area, considering most small towns were rather behind on the technological aspects.
“Peter!” It was Bucky, who had jumped on the spot and started to jog after the toddler. Soon enough Steve, Tony, and Sam had joined in on the chase.
It wasn’t until after he’d been stitched up, when the doctor was wrapping it up, that Tony finally came awake.  He jumped immediately upon realizing that the man above him was neither Peter or Rhodey.
“I couldn’t leave you ag-” Peter started to explain when a knock sounding gently from the door abruptly cut him off, both males freezing like statues at the sound.
He turned his brown eyes to glance at the bed in which he’d awoken, the sheets a mess in his quick scurry to get to his feet. He had been with his family after barely escaping. They had taken him to help someone he didn’t know evade the clutches of the very people whom terrified him.
“Strange?” Tony’s brows furrowed, his gaze falling to the doctor who looked completely done with the whole situation, although he hadn’t dropped his hold on the gauze.
Whomever had dealt with him when he had his panic attack had learned their lesson, as he found that his entire body was strapped to the mattress. Several soft restraints had been thrown over the bed to keep him settled down. One over each ankle, two over each arm, and one over his waist.
There was a collective groan from the room, before Pepper stood and disappeared into the kitchen without another word. Tony was a bit surprised, knowing that she was trying desperately to curb his caffeine addiction before all the events had taken place.
Tony found that he could barely catch his breath, now at least knowing that there wasn’t a giant being trying to crush him for his cheap shot in the bathroom. The arm wrapped around his waist didn’t let up, although the blond man did straighten to look down at the panting billionaire.
Thank you for the comments and kudos and everything! You guys are actually giving me ideas on where this is going, what questions to answer, and thus forth. That being said, I hope you don't hate me after this one.... Let me know what you think :)
I had a hard time writing this chapter, but I think I had to get it out there. Something about splitting them up was just hard to try to write, but now... now comes the interaction we've all been waiting to see. Let me know what you think :)
Tony frowns, wanting to protest when he finds the red hue is thrown over his mouth. He can’t struggle even as he tries to desperately be set free, watching as the girl lowers her hands.
With a disgruntled sigh, the genius sat back on another sofa that had been placed in the warehouse. He noticed that the place was filled with large shipping crates, although T’Challa claimed only a handful were full.
Recognizing the hesitation but knowing that the genius didn’t want to focus on it, the teenager smiled back. “How about Star Wars? It sounds like you’re getting rusty on the quotes.”
Tony had been watching the happenings and had refused to roll over when it came to the young man. Using technology in the underground bunker developed to keep them set for several years, the genius figured out the kid’s identity.
Peter, whom hadn’t made a sound, suddenly scoffed at the black screen. “And he’ll never tell the public that this so called mutant is only fifteen!” He waved an exasperated hand in the air, still too young to fully comprehend that the words had been a threat against Tony.
“I think we need to start letting him do some of the things he used to do. He may not be able to make a suit, but give him something to do with his hands.” Bruce was suggesting, speaking almost like he was a professional psychiatrist. Would they really risk letting Tony get his hands on machines? He had to withhold a snort at the idea.
Knowing that caution had kept him alive in some situations, Tony pressed the com and spoke gently to Rhodey. “We have movement to the north of the house. Could be something, could be nothing, start moving faster Platypus.”
For a moment Tony allowed himself to imagine it, what Steve Rogers could have been had he not sought his own form of justice against a world he had not understood.
Immediately he started to eat the raw cookie, glad that it wasn’t the first time he’d tried to ingest raw cookie dough.
Both Bruce and Helen had come into the room to check him over, claiming that they were extremely worried that he would work himself up into another heart attack if they weren’t careful. Tony let them do as they pleased, although he kept a sharp eye out to make sure that they weren’t trying to put any strange drugs into his system. Not that he could do much, still finding himself exhausted.
Grinning wide Peter wrapped his arms around the animal, barely able to lift the creature as he was smaller than it. “Goose!”
Tony, snarling and without thought, grabbed the lamp on the nightstand and swung it to hit the man, hoping to somehow just get out of the nightmare he’d found himself in. Instead of making contact, he found the item being used for the momentum the swing had produced.
The smile that lit Roger’s face was cruel. “At eight then, tonight. I’ll only bring the original team. Send the coordinates.” He turned his back to the camera, making his way over to the teenager and grinning from behind the kid. “And Tony, any tricks, and I’ll kill him.”
It was true; in a true state of paranoia Tony had the land purchased by his AI, and had his machines create the structure. He hadn’t wanted builders involved, or anyone human that could talk about his secrets.
“I’m telling you Tony, I can absolutely make better food than Bucky, maybe I’ll make you some sometime!” The make believe argument was believable enough, because Sam snorted and raised a brow.
He threw a glance at Peter, opening his mouth to yell some sort of sassy retort before he was cut off by the child’s screeching voice.
Tony frowned, trying to think about the proposition. What the kid was offering wouldn’t happen overnight, it would take time. It would mean that there was a chance that Tony would go right back to becoming lost in a relationship he had been coerced into. But what other choice did he have?
It seemed Carol knew that Tony needed time to process exactly what had happened and chose not to speak. After all, he had just escaped what had been months of psychological torture. It would take more than a few hours to heal.
He knew that he was screaming, somehow it processed in his brain, but there was nothing he could do to stop the reaction as the hands kept prying away at his body. With another scream, Tony threw himself backwards, only to find he’d landed on another one of his torturers.
He opened his mouth to ask her what had happened but couldn’t stop the coughs that shook his body and sent shocking pain down chest.
“Wha…What movie?” He tried to hide the stutter, clearing his throat as he shot a tight smile at Peter.
He paid a homeless man for his hoodie, a good fortune, and used it to disappear into the night. Six people now lived in his underground bunker, and Tony could only pray as he lost another suit to an explosion, that he wouldn’t have to rescue anyone else.
He curls into the warmth of the two super soldiers and sinks into a dreamless sleep. Hoping against hope that Peter will keep him grounded.
It would take a week, but he knew that Rogers and his team were going to come for them. And this time, they would find them.
The man lands on the ground hard, reaching forward and using whatever is within reach to try to raise himself up to his feet.
“He ripped this right out of your chest, and you almost died if it wasn’t for your own genius creation,” Bucky didn’t fight the hand that came to weakly push away his own, instead letting it happen as the vulnerable genius tried to curl into himself. It didn’t work, as the soldier wouldn’t allow it, but Tony did try.
“Hey Tones, you still think you can kick my ass at video games right now?” He giggled when Tony groaned and used his foot to push Peter until the teenager was gently swaying above him.
Tony figured he was in some sort of mansion, the place an obvious getaway from civilization. But he wasn’t tied down, and that didn’t make sense. He could find his way out of the forest, and the group allowing him free reign after escaping didn’t seem logical.
Tony tried to get out of the hold, flinging his head to the side so quickly that the mask once again became dislodged from where it had been placed, falling to the side uselessly.
Despite the shards of glass on his feet, he moves quickly, tracing the thing around the side of the house, to the back. He walks past the lake he had spotted, around the whole thing, and back up the little hill until he can see the front drive again. Despair starts to claw its way into the pit of his stomach, and Tony scrambles forward to get to where he had started his search.
Didn’t see the supers who did their damn best to hide their powers, not wanting to become soldiers. How children were taken from parents when they showed signs of having powers. How families suffered, how the world suffered. The man only saw the end goal, not the things happening on the journey.
Steve smiled softly, “sweetheart, we wouldn’t ever let you go.” He brushed a stray hair from Tony’s face, looking enamored.
Tony doesn’t protest when the brunette points to a pile of clothes set on the bed, taking the set and changing without waiting for them to look away. He’s glad when they don’t oogle at his bare form. The only thing he bothers to cover up is his chest, not wanting them to catch a glimpse of the veins that have started to turn a darker shade of blue.
Tony was so concentrated on what was happening in front of him, he didn’t notice that someone else had entered the room. The blond nodding behind the genius’ back to permit the Hulk to do exactly as he wanted.
Both men didn’t seem happy with the words, but also looked at Peter as if they were resigned to the idea that the child was scared.
Tony crossed his arms and allowed the complete disbelief to show on his face. “You do realize that the state the world is in, is largely because of
Carol had also observed enough to know that he was likely her only chance at survival in the crazy situation and would make an easy ally.
“The first man, he was the terrorist. He killed hundreds of people Tony, hundreds.” It was as if he wanted to give the genius a reason not to shake. “The second, the one who robbed the store, he also murdered several people. In fact, he killed the nephew of the older couple whom owned the store. They relied on the kid’s help, and that man shot him point blank in the head.”
Tony felt his fists clench, his stance widening even as his breath started to pick up. He knew that if they both came at him at the same time, he’d go down, but he’d go down swinging.
Already, Tony could see the color of the man’s skin turning an alarming green hue. With a yelp he turned on his heel and sprinted from the bathroom, tripping over his own feet. He’d barely made it into the room when there was a roar behind him, and then he was running faster than he could ever remember going.
His senses warned Peter just in time to throw himself to the right, rolling on the ground as Rogers almost snatched his sweater. Using the momentum of the roll, Peter staggered to his feet and started to sprint like the hounds of hell were nipping at his heels. Not that the comparison was far from the truth.
“Okay,” Tony sighed, trying for a soft smile and falling short in hopes of keeping the little boy calm.
“I’d love to, when can I start?” The man tried to pretend that the smiles on the men’s faces didn’t send a strange flutter through his heart. His hand going into a fist as he pressed his fingers into is palm. Three squeezes, three and he’d see his real family.
Glad that they were alone, Carol inched herself forward and grabbed both of his hands into her own, a warmth from her fingers settling the genius as he slouched a bit.
He sets Tony on the sofa and disappears for a moment, returning with a box. Sitting at Tony’s feet, the man reveals a pair of tweezers and bandages. “This is going to hurt a little doll, but you heal quicker so we have to get any glass out.”
After a few minutes had passed, Steve flipped two separate omelets onto two separate plates, sliding one across the counter to Tony with a fork. He continued to stand across from the man, smiling lightly as Tony startled at the taste of the meal. There was also no stopping the fond smile when Tony perked up when a cup of dark liquid was placed in front of his face, even if he didn’t realize it was decaffeinated.
The arm that hadn’t been ripped from whomever had grasped it was moved so that it was held out straight, a needle inserted before Tony felt a complete sense of calm fall over him. He made a sound akin to a wounded animal, although the air started to return as the world started to fade.
She squeezed their hands, leaning so that their foreheads were almost touching. “You are Tony Stark, and you and I will get out of here, together.”
While the soldiers are paranoid, it seems like it’s only about the two of them leaving the property. The only thing the men left in the room that would serve as a form of communication outside from normal speaking, is the baby monitor. And at the moment, Tony switches it off and plugs it in in case they question why he didn’t leave it turned on.
“Tony!” The kid let out his name in one breath, looking absolutely relieved to see the genius sitting up.
Across the room, Rogers also takes a seat on the floor, setting the weapon next to him so that it points away from the duo and towards the door. There is no struggle as they settle down, only the sound of Tony’s oxygen mask makes noise as it works overtime to help the panicked man.
While intelligent, Steve didn’t seem to know some of the tools that the genius requested. Of course, Tony couldn’t figure out if the ignorance was on purpose, or if the man truly didn’t know some of the basic tools.
As he raised his eyes to pull back and look at Tony, he froze as he spotted something on the counter. The communicator sat innocently on the countertop. The one that they had used to contact the Avengers, the one that had set off all the events, the one that was likely being traced back to the bunker as they spoke.
Curious about the shipping containers, Tony made his way towards the large pile, grinning when he came across several open doors.
It took several intense, quiet moments before Tony returned to himself, blushing lightly in embarrassment at having been seen in such a vulnerable state. Despite the feeling, he still reaching forward and curled around Peter, as if knowing the kid was safe meant the world was alright.
“At least you’re getting real underwear and not diapers,” he’d murmured, shrugging as he threw on a pair of familiar sweats and a faded band shirt.
Instead, he was trembling, body shaking so hard that even in Barnes’ unrelenting grip, he continued to shake. Tears silently streamed down his face, staring wide eyed at where a man had once stood.
Easily, Peter turned and slowly moved towards Steve. It was obvious that the kid was hesitant, and his hug was so quick that Steve couldn’t even bring his arms down to hug him back before Peter was curled around Tony again.
He paced, back and forth like a caged lion as the terrified group had started to try to speed up a process that was already accelerated from the earlier threat of death.
“Rogers has had us trapped here for months. What did he think we were doing that entire time?” He looked up, the expression on his face frightening. “Does he actually think that I was twiddling my thumbs, with nothing to do?”
At that very moment, Tony realized just how pointless the argument was. Steve Rogers was a man whom believed in his own insanity, that everything he was doing was for the greater good. He didn’t see the people who were too scared to talk badly about the Avengers.
If that meant forcing Tony to eat, they would do it. Fortunately, it appeared as if the genius had no qualms about eating whatever Bucky cooked, if judging by the begrudged looks he’d get anytime he stole a homemade chip.
“T’Challa,” he greeted rather breathlessly, moving into the room and finding his knees weak, letting himself collapse onto the loveseat.
“I have never met such pompous people in my entire life,” the small voice of the child filled the room, intelligence gleaming from every word.
Missing the looks thrown their way from the three men in the kitchen, he leaned over and helped free Peter’s arms, so the blanket fell to the boy’s waist. He then proceeded to pull the plate forward so that it was directly between the two of them.
Before anyone could think of reprimanding Peter for his behavior, Tony couldn’t stop the snort of laughter that escaped his throat. The sound seemed to get to Clint from across the table, because as soon as the archer had wiped his face of the oatmeal, he started to chuckle.
“James and T’Challa said we’re landing in five minutes. I may not know them that well, Tones, but I think the kids right, you’re in trouble.” She grinned, turning on her heel and leaving.
Tony shook his head, running a hand over his chin. At one point in time, he’d had facial hair. When he’d been compared to his father by Rogers, the neat trim was gone and left behind only the slightest attractive stubble.
And while the two soldiers looked on, trying to understand the reaction, Tony could only wonder if all the good people in the world were gone.
This time, it was accompanied by the sound of metal screeching. The occupants went silent, all trying to find the source while the atmosphere grew tense. Something was wrong.
The sound of the door creaking open interrupted his thoughts, and slowly Tony tilted his tired eyes to look as Bucky Barnes walked into the room. The brunette looked just as happy to see him awake as Rogers, his eyes shining as he carried a small platter in his flesh hand.
He quickly took a small bite, nodding as he ate it. “I can’t believe you actually didn’t burn down the kitchen, kiddo. I’m almost hurt that you managed to do this without burning down the house.”
“He’s a cat, Pete.” Tony glanced down at the orange creature, the sound of a purr filling the room as Peter’s hand stroked his fur.
They’d put an IV into his good arm, and he could feel the difference. He didn’t feel as lightheaded, the world was spinning less and his thoughts were focused. Taking a moment to look around, Tony realized that another medical bed had been set up nearby, and it looked ready for a second person. Whatever they were going to do, it was obvious that there was room for someone to get hurt.
The first thing Tony heard as he started to wake was the steady beeping of a heart monitor. The smell of disinfectant strong, causing his nose to scrunch as he tried to get used to the smell. It was obvious he was in the medical wing, but why? What had happened?
Peter, whom had started the first film, grabbed a slice before curling into Tony’s legs. One hand clutching the man’s pants while the other held his meal. Rhodey threw his free arm around the back of the genius’ shoulders, relaxing into the sofa as Pepper nibbled on her own slice.
Tony raised a brow in return, but it didn’t take him long to catch onto what she was saying. “Well, we should probably have a clear path, don’t you think?”
“A punching bag, we’re working on form first,” Rhodey explained. He ignored the fact that the smile dropped from his friend’s face when whatever he was planning was quickly foiled.
“Take a break doll, you need to eat,” Bucky puts a hand on Tony’s leg, a threat that he’ll pull the man out if he doesn’t appear on his own.
Immediately, Bruce grabs the wheelchair and pushes Tony back so that the control board can come up, hands flying as he attempts to abort the mission. And while the projections that make the room look like the city disappear, the bots continue to attack.
Unlike having the A.I. to turn on the film, Sam snatched a remote and started to type in the choice. It took several minutes, but soon enough the ominous music filled the room through the surround sound speaker.
If Carol escaped, truth was, Tony had no idea if he would be compelled to follow. His family hadn’t really tried to save him, so maybe everything was better that way?
Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, and reviews! I absolutely love hearing from you and so appreciate your feedback. I"m glad you like this story, and I truly hope this chapter isn't too confusing. Enjoy!
“I’m just the errand boy, come to retrieve the wayward child for the adults.” The man sighed, sitting up and starting to undo the restraints that had kept Tony on the bed. Unlike Bruce, this man knew how to fight and wouldn’t be taken out so easily.
Someone had turned on an old television in the room, and Peter had easily plopped next to Tony. Rhodes had walked off to talk to someone about his tech, pointing out that the most the genius could do now was diagnose what was wrong with the suit, not fix it.
Steve Rogers sat on an armchair near the bed, one that hadn’t originally been placed in the room. He wore grey sweats and a white shirt, white socks adorning his large feet. He had one leg bent up so that it was hugged closer to his body, the other resting half off the armchair so that he had somehow managed to get his entire large frame on the piece.
It took several minutes before James noticed the look on his friends face and held up a hand to stop Pepper from her ranting.
“Remind me,” he asked softly. “Remind me that we’re not here of our own free will, that we’re captives.” His voice wavered at the end, a clear sign that Tony was truly panicking.
“You never ask a lady her age, Mr. Stark,” she conceded. With a grin the blond stepped forward and pulled one of the rolling chairs to Tony’s table, plopping herself down and seeming to relax for the first time since Tony met her. “But let’s just say…. Mid-twenties?”
The man pulled back and ran a hand through Tony’s hair, an old habit that they used to share consistently. “Tony, would you listen to me with an open mind?”
Bucky was quick to get out of his own clothing, stooping to pick up the shaking genius that didn’t protest as they stepped under the water. His boxers kicked off and to a corner of the stall. Tony refused to look down, knowing that the water going down the drain was an off red from Wanda’s blood.
Containing a moan as he sipped on the fresh liquid, Tony finally turned his attention back to T’Challa. The king looked weary, like he didn’t want to share the information, but knew it was better to not withhold what he had to say.
“Did she hurt you sweetheart?” Steve asks, gently, trying to coax Tony to look at him so he can get a closer inspection of the man’s neck.
So again, I hope this wasn't too confusing. I'm really excited to write the next chapter. I hope you liked it and continue reading! I'll try to update as much as I can, but I work a crazy job and life's hectic, so I'm trying!!!
Tony only hoped he’d get to see what the suit would look like before she disappeared from his life forever.
The blond notices that the man’s eyes are watering, that he looks torn about what’s happening. He takes full advantage and continues talking. “Stop trying to run baby. Stay here, please. We’ll forget any of this happened. Please Tony, sweetheart, I love you.”
Bucky was just as gentle, easing the genius to the side and into his arms so that he didn’t jostle the bed and wake the little brunette from his sleep.
A part of Tony panged. He had confessed that he had fallen in love with the man. That a part of him, a sick, tiny twisted part that had preened under their control, had never wanted him to leave. And it hurt, that a part of him still longed to pretend that nothing was wrong, and that he loved the man staring at him so fondly.
The third victim didn’t make a sound until the weapon had been used. Tony had shaken so terribly that Bucky had to bring them both back against the wall. He slouched so that they were seated, both facing the direction of the pile of goo that was slowly disappearing down the drain. But the genius hadn’t conceded, tried to struggle from the winter soldier’s grasp.
Settling Peter into one of the chairs at the counter, Bucky stepped forward to help clean up the dishes. Tony didn’t volunteer, taking the seat next to the little boy so he could look at the men in the kitchen.
Tugging at the armor, Tony whimpered slightly, remembering feeling helpless for the two men before. It was also what spurred the memory of Edwin, of being told about truly loving someone. He paused, glancing into the blue eyes of the man whom had held him captive for so long.
It didn’t take long for the trembling to start. The scenes from the room of torture (there was no way it could have been called anything else) replayed over and over in his mind. Tony whimpered, finding that he still had more tears to shed as they began to silently slide down his face.
Laughter bubbled from the man on the bed, and soon enough the entire room was following in his footsteps. They finally relaxed, glad to be amongst each other. Tony, knowing that his family was safe in the bunker, finally allowed himself to drift under with the help of whatever drugs they were pumping through his system.
A smirk lifted the corner of Steve’s lips, and it took every fiber in Tony’s body not to admit that his heart beat just a little faster at the sight.
“Yes,” Tony was panting, out of breath as he reached the living room. All the lights in the bunker had turned on, and he could hear echoing footsteps as the others hurried to join him.
“Goodbye,” the genius spoke just as the ship moved forward and away, a last glimpse of tear streaked faces as they disappeared into the night.
With horror creeping up his throat, Peter couldn’t withhold the whimper as his eyes met the icy blues of the Winter Soldier. Only with the reflexes that came with training, the teenager threw himself back, sprawling against the headstone behind him.
“What happened?” Came the other soldier’s reply, although he was already carrying a worried Peter out of the room.
He took a tentative step out onto the carpeted hallway, finding himself completely alone. Should he run? No, it was likely a test.
Tony was vaguely aware that his body started to shake, Peter lowering them both to their knees when his legs started to give out beneath him. He didn’t ever want to leave his kid again… his kid… that had called him dad. But what if he didn’t have a choice? What if they found him again?
Bucky buried his face into the crook of Tony’s neck, not bothering to ask for permission. “We always wanted a third to take care of, but it was so hard. Your dad was good, but he had so many bad qualities. We promised we’d protect him, but obviously, that didn’t happen. He was little, but he didn’t have the heart we were looking for.”
When he next opened his eyes, it was to find that he wasn’t alone in the bed. Instead of restraints, one large arm had wrapped around his waist to hold him securely down onto the mattress. He didn’t have any IV’s in his arms, but the oxygen mask was placed firmly on his face. His leg had been bandaged, and although he could feel a slight twinge of pain, they must have pumped him with some sort of drugs to keep the area numb.
The genius grins, smile weary and tired as he looks her in the eye. “I’m not worried about myself here. I’m worried about you. I know that you want out, but you can’t do it with someone like me trailing behind you. What if you were coming to the lab to free me, and got caught?” He shakes his head, thinking of all the things they’d both see if she didn’t get away successfully.
Before Steve could attempt to grab him, stop him from getting away, the suit fell back into the others, disappearing again.
Tony flinched, “Roger’s is obsessed, taking me in as a refugee would mean spotlighting their existence to the world. They don’t want to put their people in danger, not for me, and I don’t want that to happen either.”
The blond reached forward, as if he were going to touch the kid’s face but paused when Peter whimpered and tried to inch away from the oncoming touch.
He listened as a soft giggle shook the little boy. Using the hand that was free on his side, Tony leveraged himself so that he could sit up, the kid sticking to him like a koala bear. He vaguely wondered how Peter was managing to act so young, and a pang of fear struck him. Was Loki’s spell working? Was it slowly taking away the teenager he loved?
“You know Tones, sooner or later I will get a pie to throw at y-” Rhodey’s words were cut off by a loud bang that made the whole room freeze. The sound echoed, but no one knew where it had come from or what had caused it.
He figures that if Carol is behind the cat coming to the mansion, there must be a reason. The woman was intelligent, so she wouldn’t have done something without reason, right?
There was something in the smile that set Tony on edge, but the man nodded his head after a moment of hesitation before Bucky started to push the chair after the group. It was a slow pace, as most of them were hobbling down the hall, but eventually they made it into the medical bay.
Tony is glad that neither men are looking at his horrified face, as he tries desperately to throw up the mask he spent years perfecting as a child. With such a tragic childhood and having to socialize with other rich people he didn’t like, Tony had learned how to be a phenomenal actor.
Again and again, he slammed his fists against the metal. Tony didn’t even seem to notice that he was bloodying his hands, screaming in desperation that they turn around. Already, all the scenarios of what the men would do to his family were running through his head.
“You designed this,” Rogers waves a hand over the thing. “When you were thirteen years old, you designed most of your weapons at that age.” The man had a look on his face that was a cross between admiration and anger.
“I’ve done something terrible, I’ve…” He stopped, watching the man he considered his father shake his head.
“It’s supposed to keep…” Steve trailed off for a moment with a glance at the genius, as if searching for the right word. “People out, the animal is probably harmless.” Steve shrugged with logic.
Tony would not admit the yelp that escaped him when two hands tucked under his armpits and lifted him to his feet in one swift motion. Steve wrapping a solid arm around his waist, pulling the genius into his chest with a grin.
In seconds Tony was on his feet, his hand bumping the mug and sending the rest of the coffee spilling onto the counter. Neither men seemed to notice, instead choosing to focus on each other.
“Jarvis informed me, and I snuck up and scared him. He threw the pie up in the air and it ended up hitting him instead!” He was so relaxed, he hadn’t felt so content in what felt like years. In the end, Rhodey had managed to grab some of the dessert and smear it on Tony’s laughing face, but they had been teenagers whom had only laughed at each other and moved on.
Someone is calling his name, but all Tony can hear are the screams of the victims of his cartoon gun. Fingers are stroking his face, a hand has grabbed his and set it against a chest, reminding him to breathe. When he finally starts to calm down, the first thing Tony sees are the worried blue eyes of Steve Rogers as the man crouches down in front of the wheelchair.
Quickly, he realized that the person whom he had been snuggling with earlier had disappeared, and a mild panic set in that Peter was gone. However, it took the genius only seconds to spot the little boy curled up on Bucky’s chest, drooling as his little cherub face disappeared into the man’s messy hair.
“Why don’t you two take a nice nap, and we’ll come get you when dinner is done?” Steve suggested after a moment of silence.
“We’ve released over thirty people into society,” a gentle voice made Tony jump as it spoke from behind where he was glancing at the ID of a Donald Blake that looked suspiciously like someone he knew.
Finally, after several minutes of chuckles, Steve set the genius on his feet, although he immediately followed the action by grabbing Tony’s hand and leading him down the hallway.
When they’d woken up both Steve and Bucky had already been awake, one holding a cup of coffee while the other had rummaged through the nearby dresser to pull out an outfit for both Tony and the still sleepy Peter.
Bucky takes a seat next to him, settling down to simply watch Tony eat. He snatches a few of the chips for himself, grinning when he gets another annoyed look from the genius. They had heard of Tony’s habits of disappearing for hours into the labs, and both he and Steve wanted to make sure that the genius was taking his health into consideration.
He set the tray down on top of Tony’s lap, slowly moving so that he could rest his now free hand on the genius’ leg. “I brought some medicine for what I can only assume is a killer headache,” Bucky opened his metallic fingers, revealing two white pills. “You can have these once we get something in your stomach.”
The two, donning similar comfortable clothing with plain shirts, carried the genius into the room where the bed had been completely changed. While they had been in the bathroom, someone had put in a new mattress, new covers, sheets, and even pillows.
“Not like this, no.” Peter admitted, throwing a look at his adopted father and mentor before bringing his attention back to his half of the screens.
“What are you watching?” Tony inquired, turning in the hold so that he was resting with Steve’s arm serving as a pillow, half his body on the other man.
Sitting up straight, he turned the chair back so that he was facing the empty space in front of them. Pepper turned to face the same direction, glad to see Tony looking more awake than he had been that entire morning.
He didn’t see the grin Bruce threw at Steve behind him, or the way the soldier smirked like he’d won the world’s greatest battle. For the first time, Tony decided to let himself enjoy the small moment for his son, even if it wouldn’t last.
“You’re not going to murder me, are you Captain Marvel?” Tony raised a brow, glad that he could walk steadily behind her without being pulled or pushed, now that they only had one way to go.
“Lunch time!” Bucky calls into the room, walking in carrying two plates. He sets one in front of Bruce before walking over to settle next to Tony, the man not emerging from under the bot.
“You said with the right permission,” Pepper finally looked away to look at Tony, the projection fading into nothing. “How are we getting there? How are we getting permission? And honestly, if they don’t know it’s there, why couldn’t you come with us?”
The man took a deep breath, before he finally nodded. “We need to get you warm.” He looked up at the soldier next to him, noticing that Steve and the others had all hovered at the tip of the tiny dock. “Peter can’t thermoregulate, we need to get him dry and warm, now.”
Peter giggled, immediately reaching for his own cookie and smiling wide as he clumsily dipped the treat into his own milk before practically devouring the whole thing.
Although still not completely awake or understanding of what exactly was happening, Tony took a moment to attempt to evaluate the strange feelings coursing through his veins.
Seeing Tony’s eyes staring at him blankly, without a true expression on his face, Rogers explains. “Buck wanted to know when you woke up, he’s on his way.” The man points to the phone.
A green fog enveloped them both, muting the blasting music and showing Tony just how quiet the room was without the sound blasting.
“You tried to bring order, so you stopped making weapons. There were people that lost their jobs because of your decision, but other people that gained what would have been a lost life. That’s what this is, we’re bringing order, but it can’t just be a win-win for everyone.”
With a grimace, he didn’t want to sit next to the human lie detector; Tony ambled to the seat and glanced down at the homemade meal.
His hand fiddled with the trigger, a look crossing his face between disinterest and annoyance. The only sound in the room, a frantic typing of keys as the techs desperately tried to get the system online.
“Can Papa give you a hug?” Steve opened his arms, ignoring the mild look of indignation that Tony managed to scrounge on his face.
Tony could easily pinpoint Bruce’s area, as it held more chemicals than he had any interest in playing with. His area, however, had different metals and equipment that would allow him to build whatever he needed to. Tony wondered if they were going to ask him to create weapons, because that would be a rude awakening.
“You as well, sir. And do keep an eye on the princess and your son, they get along like a house on fire.” If it was possible for an AI to sound amused, then Jarvis’ intonation was definitively that.
The shower was quick, and soon enough Tony (whom had been lost in his own thoughts) was dressed in soft sweatpants and a shirt, curled under the duvet of the bed. Steve had taken their time in the bathroom to retrieve some cream for the bruise around Tony’s neck, and had gently applied it to the tired man’s skin.
With a sigh, T’Challa stood from the sofa and dusted invisible lint from his pants. The man looked tired, which made sense considering the sun had gone down in the time it had taken them to finish their conversation. “I’ll leave you to catch up with your family. Carol and I will get everything ready go to, so take this time to have some fun and relax. To recover.”
A bitter smile lifted the corner of his lips. “Even if I did, your chances of getting out without me are a lot better.”
Happy, May, and Pepper would move ahead to Wakanda in a separate craft. It would be easier to keep the group that was on the mission smaller, in case anything went wrong and they were ambushed. The vehicle that would take them to Wakanda was smaller than the rescue craft, and the stealth mode was almost perfect.
He didn’t know why or when it had started, but every few minutes he kept glancing towards the hallway, hoping that Jarvis would finish his processing so that they could leave the warehouse.
Before he’d gone, the man had called in a doctor to have his wrist looked at and re-bandaged, the stitches salvable despite the blood.  The blond had then put a wide restraint on both of his wrists and left only his damaged leg free to move. Tony wouldn’t be able to get off the bed.
Tony blinks and sees Happy coming out of the kitchen with a platter of breakfast, trying and failing to avoid Peter as the kid steals some of the meal for himself.
He doesn’t wait for consent from Tony, instead he reaches down and slowly lifts the genius so that he’s completely resting against Steve. Instead of laying mostly on the bed, Tony is partially sitting up with his head tilted lazily on the man’s collarbone. He has no energy to fight it, and in a sick way is comforted by the body heat the man that seems to be a human furnace is omitting.
He must make some sort of noise, as one moment the blond is reading, and the next bright blue eyes are staring down at him with something akin to compassion and worry.
The genius tried, even though he knew he failed, to hide the satisfaction from his facial expression. When Bucky went for the same movement, Peter did the same thing, and began to whimper until Tony had taken a step back from the men.
He grunted in surprise as an elbow slammed against his crotch, limbs climbing up his body too fast for him to completely process the sharp little accidental jabs. Tony groaned when the little arms finally wrapped securely around his neck, little face buried in the crook of Tony’s neck.
He had grimaced upon finding that both wrists had been badly damaged upon the metal ramp that he’d tried desperately to pry open. His fingers protesting any flexing as he was basically mummified from wrist down.
After one morning where he’d reached forward and planted a kiss first on Steve and then Bucky before they left the lab, Tony had had a moment of pure panic. It was on this day that he and Carol really bonded.
Tony let out his own sound, concentrating as he started to work on what exactly he wanted Clint’s arrows to do.  “Good odds.”
Tears soaked through his shoulder, but Peter returned the hug, knowing that they had likely taken a few years off of the man’s life with the stunt that they had pulled.
His heart sped up, thinking about the fact that in only a few hours, he’d get to see his family again. His son, as T’Challa had put it, had fought tooth and nail to get him back. Tony couldn’t have been more touched if he tried.
“It’s okay doll!” Bucky lifted his metal hand and tried to rub soothing circles on Peter’s back. “It’s okay!” He was glad that there was no reason to throw dirty looks at the archer, Natasha had already punched him firmly in the arm.
“Then I guess you’re out of luck until he shares the rest,” Tony quipped. “Where is he anyway? I’m assuming the cooking disaster didn’t burn down the house since I’m still in it.”
“It was a close one, but Buck managed to stop him a few times. He’s in his room with Clint, they’re building a Lego ship of some sort.”
The rest of the group had also gotten the message, as it appeared the only person out of breath was Bruce, although his eyes were searching the monitors with glee.
Without prompting the male reached forward and pulled Peter into his chest. His hands were tight as they wrapped around the kid, holding him so strongly that for a moment the kid wondered if he had super powers too.
Walking into the kitchen, the blond flipped on the light and deftly pushed Tony so that the male would flop into one of the bar stools overlooking the room. Like Bucky had done earlier, Steve wrapped a large blanket around the male before he moved around the counter towards the fridge.
“After he sold your life to the Ten Rings, after he wanted to make sure you were dead.” Rogers scowled, continuing where his lover had left off. “You were in a dark cave for weeks, with nothing but a car battery keeping you alive! It was cold, in that cave, wasn’t it?”
A grin formed on the soldiers face, and he seemed to glow as he answered. “We went looking for something for you, we found it.”
Banner was surprisingly absent, but the assassin had warned him that they had other ways of watching his actions. Thus, Tony was to behave if he wanted to return to the lab. He figured, he had to start slow and continue to gain their trust if he wanted to actually build something to defeat the insane group of former heroes.
“Hey buddy, not going to look at me?” Clint spoke softly, ignoring the look of amusement the soldier throws at him. “Come on Pete… what’s it going to take?”
The man quickly realized that the pillow under his head was a leg, and that Bucky hadn’t bothered to stop the motion that Tony had associated with the blond man across from them.
At least, that’s what the group believed as Steve lifted Tony into a chair that one of their cronies had retrieved. There was a huge hole on the top left of the chair where the bot had managed to hit the back, showing just how close the thing had been to actually hurting the genius.
Tony wants to make a snarky comment, ask if the latest romance novel is doing the blond any good. But he doesn’t want to give him an opening.
He was too weak to struggle, but his voice instantly started. “No! Please, please no!” He looked as if the tub was going to jump up and drown him.
While Tony had been thinking, Shuri had appeared in the hallway with a wide smile on her face. Peter was nowhere to be seen.
“What is that?” Peter asked, leaning slightly forward to get a better look at the strange purple veins.
“So, Carol? You’re being nice to Mr. Tony, aren’t you?” Bucky asked, placing the plate of what looked like spaghetti and meatballs on Tony’s lap.
Tony leaned his head back on Rhodey’s chest, eyes fluttering even as he tried desperately to stay awake. If it was a dream, if he wasn’t really holding onto his best friend and kid…. Tony wasn’t sure he’d make it.
What sounded like a heavy sigh from the bedroom indicated the only frustration that Bucky had left, the soldier speaking gently. “I’m going to go finish making dinner, Stevie’s going to help me and come to get you when it’s done. Why don’t the two of you watch a movie while we’re doing all that? Relax?”
Pepper had been the loudest to vocalize her disapproval, but stopped when Tony threw her a serious look. “I didn’t stay down after Afghanistan, Pep… I have to do this. I have to show them that I’m not afraid.”
“Jarvis, turn it off.” He ignored the waiver in his voice as the screen turned blank to show his own, pale reflection.
Tony barely felt as the restraints were ripped from his body, fingers sneaking into his mouth to get the soap out that he had unconsciously bitten in half. Didn’t feel the water drain from the tub.
Both hands wandered down to grab a hold of the head between his legs, body unable to stop the twitches as he rocked up towards the warm mouth.
When Anthony Stark was four years old, his father taught him the meaning of disappointment. The man had clearly explained the word, before claiming that if someone were to look it up in the dictionary; Anthony would be used as an example.
By the time Carol finally made her last trip to the table, Tony had already finished changing the widow bites so that instead of electricity, they would release puffs of harmless air. If she tried to launch anything, the bites would send the volt meant for someone else, into Natasha.
What he doesn’t tell the man is that he’s making the things specifically target the team so that when they try to shut down the system, the bots will override the code and continue attacking. The only way anyone will be able to stop the attack will be to completely destroy each bot systematically.
At first, Peter had been hesitant to play with any of them, but when Bucky had pulled out a large box with a ship design on the front, he’d gone starry eyed and excited.
Steve growled, shield appearing as if seemingly from nowhere as the music played. The banging on the wall continuing as more suits attacked the building.
Carol and T’Challa both seemed to be holding their breath, staring between the two men in the room that both appraised the other with looks of awe and anguish.
“Whatcha’ thinking about doll?” Bucky startled him, having used his training to sneak in quietly behind the focused genius.
“But you do have a lab, yes?” Loki spoke for the first time, raising his own brow at the genius. “You’re brilliant, to not put that to use would be an absolute waste of a soul.”
“There’s no use fighting us, come on Stark.” Steve tilted his head as he stared at the face plate that had slid over Tony’s face. “Do you know, you’re just as pretty as your dad was, and even smarter.”
And now, Tony realized that he hadn’t just sent his family to safety, he’d sent them directly to the heart of the rebellion. And that, just maybe, had saved his life.
With a scream Tony would never admit to, he threw the screwdriver in his hand at the stranger, watching in stunned shock as it stopped seconds from smacking Loki in the face.
Not quite sure how long he’d fallen asleep, Tony peeked open an eye, trying to figure out why his bed was lightly rumbling underneath him. There was no panic, as he’d woken to find Peter holding his hand despite having fallen asleep sitting upright near what was obviously a medical bed.
Tony can’t scream. He can’t move. He’s helpless as he stares down at the specks of blood covering his body.
“Peter was about to take a nap!” Steve snapped, watching as the little boy struggled to sit up and look at the archer.
The genius had settled next to Rhodey for an hour and a half, mindlessly reminiscing their college days while king T’Challa listened nearby. The Dora Milaje had excused themselves to a different room, claiming that there was a gym installed in the warehouse specifically to keep them up on their forms.
“You’re eating real food first,” he admonished, tightening his arms around the kid’s waist as everyone started to sit down. Bucky taking a seat on Tony’s other side so that they resembled a small family, not that the genius would acknowledge it.
Seconds passed before Peter’s voice filtered from the speakers in the room. Unlike Tony, his aunt immediately started to lay into the teenager, imploring he turn and make his way back to the bunker.
Without the two men there, he had left Peter to dress himself. The boy had donned soft gray pants, socks, and an Iron Man t-shirt that had his arc reactor printed on the front. Tony noted the wild blush on Peter’s face when faced with a small pair of Captain America undies that the genius couldn’t resist on putting at the top of the pile. He’d sent a cute glare at Tony.
Absolute terror filled the genius. He couldn’t recall how he got to the lakeside, nor how he ended up with a shivering little boy curled into his chest. Tony could barely hear over the beating of his own heart as he hugged the shivering kid, Bucky lingering nearby with water dripping onto the small dock.
“I mean… we didn’t expect… we didn’t think anyone could…” The man was trying desperately to backtrack, to get out of the hole he had dug himself into.
“I didn’t…” Tony paused, horrified to find that his eyes were tearing up. “I didn’t know… I-I thought they’d be dramas…” He was crying, there was no denying it. The emotional turmoil was overwhelming and Tony was grateful when he was moved to curl his face into the blond’s chest.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Tony threw up a hand. He reached forward, pulling Peter from the wall to hold him to his chest. The motion came naturally, father to adopted son.
She was right, the rest of the ex-Avengers were appearing from the building, looking ready to fight with weapons Tony had not worked on. Obviously, they’d discovered that he’d messed with the upgrades.
Slowly his body started to tremble, and the panic started to claw at his throat. He didn’t hear his name getting yelled as the soap began to choke him, and all he could think was that he could no longer breathe. He didn’t see the bathroom, but the dark caves as he was dunked into cold water over and over.
After the soldier had pulled the boy from the bath, the two men had decided that the kid needed to be completely covered so that he wouldn’t get sick after his dip. Peter was dressed in gray sweats, a plain shirt, and fuzzy colorful socks. Bucky had disappeared from the room only to return with a huge fluffy baby blue blanket that had obviously never been used.
When they finally reached the living room at the bottom of the stairs (Tony realized his injuries from running were completely gone), Steve settled down at the end of one of the large sofas, patting the spot beside him. Bucky ventured towards an armchair near the entrance of the room, curling into it like he was absolutely comfortable with the situation.
Slowly, Tony realized what was going to happen. His mouth opened, and despite the pain and the fact that the room was spinning, made a sound of protest.
Tony crumbled completely, ugly sobs filling the room as the ball that he had so tightly put together burst into jagged little pieces. He wrapped himself so tightly around Peter that the kid could feel every single motion, body shaking terribly in the shock of everything that had happened.
There’s no hiding the whimper of complete fear that overcomes him. Roger’s is holding a very familiar looking weapon in his hand, one that Tony hadn’t seen in years. He tries to push himself back further against the wall, ignoring the looks of confusion the two men throw at each other before Barnes is crossing the room in realization.
When Sam had offered a ride so that he could help restrain the genius, neither expected Carol to appear. She had managed to get the upper hand on both men, and Bucky still wanted to ring her neck. He had watched as the woman had turned Tony against them, as he had blasted Steve from his suit and disappeared into the clouds.
“What!” He didn’t bother trying not to scream. Stumbling towards the communicator that he’d rested on his dresser, Tony immediately threw the thing into his ear.
Tony was glad when he was released so that he could sit right up against the chair, eyes focusing on Peter again to reassure himself that the kid was totally alright.
“I’ve missed you, you idiot.” She murmured, gently running her hand through his hair as she stood back up.
As far as Tony can remember (his memory is still fuzzy) the men had never tried to drug him with food. In fact, Bucky had always taken a weird pride in the things he could cook and had always left his stomach satisfied.  So, with a barely concealed grumble he reached forward and snagged the utensil, forcing a mouthful of eggs before looking at the brunette expectantly.
Jarvis. Another person standing in the way of them getting Tony back. The AI had managed to hack their systems and destroy every trace of Tony Stark or the rebellion. The technicians hadn’t been able to do anything to stop it.
With the quickest movements he could muster, Tony ripped off his shirt and staggered forward so he could face the mirror. Peter jumping to hold onto the wall with one hand so he was out of the way but still on eye level with the genius. If Tony had been paying attention, the mere sight of the little boy hanging freely from the wall may have scared him.
He doesn’t notice when there are more people besides the three of them, doesn’t see the looks thrown the Captain’s way as he’s carried into the room. He does, however, notice a scent that he hasn’t smelled in years.
They remain in the same position for a good ten minutes, Tony blinking wearily at the man above him in his confusion. Brain trying to run at a hundred miles per minute but failing as it keeps hitting the brick wall of exhaustion caused by the trauma he’d experienced.
It took a moment, but Tony nodded, knowing that fighting was useless while restrained. If he could get free, there was a chance he could bolt out of the room. Of course, that was if the man leaning over him wasn’t one of the scary super soldiers.
Startled, Tony started to scramble backwards in fear when a blur of blue and red passed him and knocked right into the Captain.
“Go to sleep Tones,” the arm around his waist tightened, bringing Tony towards the big chest in front of him with an undignified squeak. When he was settled against Steve, he let his eyes wander up to meet the amused blue hues with an indignant huff.
Following a smiling Steve from the room, the two quickly found themselves in a luxurious living room. Several pillows and blankets were strewn around the room, the sofa cushions inviting in their plushy goodness.
“I’m not wearing your shield on my chest, Steve. I’ll never hear the end of it from Clint,” he growled.
The genius frowned, realizing that she still didn’t understand that he was a danger to her escape, and that she needed to leave him behind. “I can’t be there for you Carol, you have to do it alone. But at least with a little he-“ He was cut off when she raised a hand to his lips and shook her head.
Landing on his feet, the orange cat immediately started to purr and rub itself against the little boy. “I like him!” Peter declared, turning to glance at the startled men sitting on the sofa. “Can I keep him? Pwease!!!”
“Phrasing is everything, don’t you think?” Tony tilted his head, and with those words an army of Iron Man suits descended on the field.
Back against the door, Tony felt his legs give out. He slid down to the floor, looking flabbergasted at Peter. He hadn’t lost him. He hadn’t lost him!
His heart plummeted to his feet, and had Bucky not been carrying him the genius was sure to fall to the ground. At that moment, watching as Steve Rogers stepped out of the car with a familiar faced six year old, tear streaks marked down a sleeping face, every single thing came back to Tony.
Clint grinned, moving into the room with ease now that the genius was aware of his presence. He made himself right at home, sprawling almost on top of the genius as he got on the bed, head resting on Tony’s stomach.
Sorry for the wait! This chapter was a little filler, a little plot, so I hope you like it! It's not my favorite chapter, but it gets the plot moving. I'm already working on the next one so hopefully it won't take me very long to update! :) Thank you for all your amazing reviews, bookmarks, and kudos!
Peter went quiet for a moment. Tony panicked, reaching for his watch to send several suits to go fetch the kid when the barely whispered reply echoed into the silent room. “Uncle Ben.”
Oh no!!! I hope you enjoyed this chapter that probably gave you more questions than answers! ;) I'm going on vacation so hopefully I'll update soon or maybe even when on vacation, we'll see ;) Let me know what you think!
The note was short, only telling him that clothing had been set in the bathroom for him, and to go downstairs after he’d woken and freshened up.
“Do they know that you saved me?” He inquired softly, gaze now on the wound so as not to show his raw emotions to T’Challa.
“My systems are at eighty percent, sir. I spaced myself out over too much data and am currently reconfiguring in this facility. I believe it is Princess Shuri’s intention to allow me back into the Wakanda network once I have recovered.”
In response, Steve merely frowned, shook his head, and started towards the door. He opened it after swiping at the button again, calling out into the hallway to bring in the next one.
“Your name is Tony Stark.” Carol started, making sure they had eye contact as her words came out clearly. “You were taken by two super dicks a few months ago. They tortured people in front of you, and they hurt you. They hurt your kid, your family, and took everything you loved away.
“I’m working on a robot to cook us food, so we don’t waste anything.” He changed the subject, forcing a grin on his face to look at Peter. “Want to join me in the lab?”
Next chapter will definitively have more of our former Avengers and you know... a six year old.... Let me know what you think :)
“It’s time for bed,” Bucky grumbled. “You can start fixing the coffee machine tomorrow morning punk.” The brunette sauntered away from the two towards the door, Steve quickly grabbing a hold of Tony’s chair and following behind.
“Clint won’t say a word, I’ll make sure of it.” The blond reassured, holding the shirt higher as if that would convince the genius to take it. “Besides, the colors will look really good on you.”
The world spun, and for a moment Tony was afraid of coming out of the vision. But he remained in the warm kitchen, remained with the group that sat around him, remained in front of a man he hadn’t seen in years.
With that, the man was carrying him out of the room and towards a bathroom separate from the one in their room. He figured Peter was likely getting the shards removed and then bathed by Bucky in the room, and they wanted to keep them apart.
Loki still wore a look of amusement as he observed the scene, although he didn’t speak as he watched both Bucky and Steve fuss over Tony to check his injuries. Bruce, whom had shown up last as he returned back to being a little guy, scoffed when he saw the slight red hue on Tony’s bandages.
Tony lay on his side, his back to Bucky as his front faced Steve, both men watching him with concern in their eyes.
Nodding towards a pile of materials thrown haphazardly on the ground, Steve waves his hand to indicate that the sad pile of materials are meant to be for the playground.
Barton took a step forward, his anger becoming visible with each step. "Why would you let her leave?" he asked, holding his bow tightly.
Phillips watched Toni's expression to see if he could read her. It appeared she was a master in hiding her emotions, but she had a few tells. He could see the worry and fear in her eyes.
Before this all happened, Toni knew the answer to that. It was no. A big fucking no, but now, she didn't know. That man in the chair was someone else, and she found her wondering who he was. "I want to get out of here."
"Where's my device?" Toni snapped, shooting to her feet. It felt good to stand after being force to sit for countless hours, and she had no desire to sit again for a while.
He tried to focus on the hope in her eyes, instead of the hatred that was all around him. However, her eyes, her face, and her name were become nothing more than a hazy to him. With each passing second, the pain was growing and the woman was disappearing. She was becoming nothing more than a shadow that was blending into the surrounding area. Soon, he could remember nothing, and the Asset wasn't sure why he had started to scream. Was it because of his disappearing memories? Or was it the pain? He wasn't sure, though he wasn't sure of anything.
Bruce stepped to her, reaching for her bad ankle. Toni expected him to ask her how she got it or say something about what lead up to it, but he didn't. In fact, no one did, which was fucken odd. She expected lecture from everyone in this room, telling her how stupid it was to be out in Central Park in the middle of the night, but no one did. No one gave her any kind of talking too, and that made her nervous. Were they waiting to jump her? Or did they just pity her? She didn't—
"To make up for beating you in poker, I thought we would all go out for drinks, well unless you're too classy for that," he said.
The Engineer didn't blame her for that, and Toni wouldn't believe herself if she didn't experience it firsthand. Why would anyone in the right mind believe her? She still had no idea why Howard or Phillips did. "I don't care if you do or not. Why don't you talk to Howard? He'll confirm it for you," she said, turning from her.
"I might get the wrong woman to be your mother. So you want to tell me who she is? And besides, if you don't like your name, I can always change it," he said, stepping to her.
Steve pushed off the door, a mixture of emotions running on his face. "Yes, Natasha," he answered, as he made his way to Toni. "I would rather throw myself off a building than hurt her, but if I do, I'm all yours." Toni felt her heart flicker, as Steve reached for her. Without hesitation, Toni took his hand and allowed herself to be pulled into his arms. Wrapping his arms around her, he placed a kiss to her forehead. "I would die before I hurt this woman."
Something in her mind just snapped. "I know what this is! You don't think I can do it. You think you're the only genius there is." She tried to calm down. She tried to catch her breath, as she couldn't allow herself to explode. If she did, she might say something that she might regret later. "Get off your high horse."
Steve kissed her again. It was a short kiss, but it worked all the same. "Never said I couldn't. I live for it," he said.
. He remembered how much he wanted her. How much he wanted to protect her, though he had no idea of why. He would do anything for her, even if it broke all the rules.
"Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?" Banner said, drawing his Steve's attention.
"I don't think anything, Captain. Not one thing. You always wanted to be soldier and now you are. Just like all the rest," Peggy said as they walked pass her.
"You know what I mean!" she stated as she reached for the collar of his shirt. She was going to punch him, which he so deserved. He killed so many in his attack on New York City. "What the hell!" she yelled as her hand went through him.
His eye twitched at that. "I don't need a love sick Super Soldier, and I doubt Carter's happy with that."
"I don't think she would want someone touching her suits," said Steve, eyeing Rhodes. "And you could always just say she's on vacation somewhere. I would assume she had been on quite a few vacations where she had gone MIA." His arms were folded across his chest. He was still wearing his Captain America uniform and he was quite filthy, covered in dirt and mud. There was even some blood.
"Once we touched down, Stark, who is waiting for us in London, will hand over the device and he will supervise you."
Shaking her head, she continued her walk slowly. It would do no good in trying to get away from him, because he wasn't going to let her. "It's just a guy from work who doesn't understand the word no," she lied. She knew someone was watching her and it was more than a guy in love. She just had to figure out who it was and why he was following her. Did it have to do with Colonel Salty? She hoped so. At least, she would know he was a good guy…though she wondered if that would be a good thing.
"Oh, so that's the only thing stopping you?" she asked. "Or don't you find me attractive?" She wasn't an idiot, and she knew full well that he found her hot. And who wouldn't? Yes, she was quite full of herself, but she had no doubt that this man found her completely sexy. She had no doubt she was in many wet dreams.
At hearing that, her whole situation came crashing down on her. All jokes aside, she was in a very tricky spot, and there was a chance that she wouldn't be able to get back. She might be suck as a fucken Corporal for the rest of her life, and she didn't want to be a fucken Corporal. She wanted to be in her lab, inventing shit, as Pepper ran her company. She did not want to listen to some asshat, telling her what to do. It went against her very nature, her very core.
"I can see that," she chucked as she picked up the bag, knowing she couldn't turn it down. She would need to blend into the 1940's if she wanted to keep her secret. Plus, she would pay Rogers back, but if she really thought about it, didn't she already do that? He was living in her Stark Tower, which she had refused to call the Avenger Tower like everyone else had been. Until SHIELD started to pay the bill, Toni refused to call it anything but Stark Tower. "But you know. I like the bad guys." She showed him her winning smile.
Crap, Toni didn't want to think about that, but her mind wouldn't let it go. It was like looking at a car accident that you couldn't look away. "Yup, I am good." She utters, taking a seat at the breakfast bar.
"I'm done, Toni," Pepper yelled, still shaking. "You either come with or not, but I'm done. I can't handle the stress. I can't handle the lies. I can't handle any of this."
The Asset was back in his chair and was strapped in tight, unable to break out of. They had learned from the last time and had used metal shackles, keeping him trapped. Once they were sure he was secured, they started to connect him to the machine, so they could electroshock him. They wanted to reset him, to take all of his memories from him. He knew why they wanted to do it. It was because of Toni. They wanted to take her from him, to rid him of his weakness, and it would be a painful experience.
Tony tells himself, but he knows he won't be able to. "Checking up on me, Cap?" he asks, angrily. "I don't need you to keep track of me." Rogers doesn't move an inch when Tony gets to his feet, and he is mere inches from him. "I don't need a baby sitter, so you and Barnes can back off!"
Tony's eye brow rises, because though he had had personal chiefs in the past, he doesn't currently have one. He doesn't have a regular eating patterns for that. "You know something I don't?"
"One less finger won't hurt," she said, stepping to Toni. The tool hanged dangerously from her hand.
Toni pieced together. But at least, she wasn't ones of the ones outside who were now taking photos. There was no doubt those would end up on the internet tomorrow, though those pictures were nothing compared to some of her racy ones. "Aren't you a little cutie pie?" Toni teased with a smile.
tries to lay a hand on me like that or anyway, they won't walk away. I will blast them myself. You hear me?" Toni may be guilty over a lot of things, but she would never let a lover do that to her. Granted, most woman said that before it happened to them; it was true that you had no way of knowing how you would react until it did. "They won't walk again. That is a promise."
He glanced back at the door before he made his way over to the monitors. "You only got a seven or minutes at the best."
However, it was that moment that everything started to spin. It was that moment that her device spark violently, drawing everyone's attention, and it was the last moment that Toni remembered. After that moment in time, it seemed like everything stopped existing. Everything just seemed to vanish, and she was left unable to feel anything.
When she couldn't stare anymore, she would take a long walk around the camp, which Phillips wasn't too happy about, but he didn't stop her. After the long stride, she would return to the tent and curl up in a ball under the blanket. She would play with a wrench as she would try to close her eyes and sleep, which would work only for a few seconds before she was staring off again. When Peggy woke for the day, Toni would listen to her movements, which relaxed her for some odd reason. It allowed her to drift.
He turned away but Toni could tell that he was still smiling. "I'll be back and then you'll be promising me anything that I want, just to get out of here."
"Your affection for this woman," he waved back toward Toni. There was a sick look on his face when he looked at her.
He looks at her, knowing there's no lying to her, but he wishes he could. He wishes he could hide all of his emotions. "They are already in a relationship with each other."
Turning around, Toni felt her heart drop as she eyed the man a few feet from her. It suddenly felt like her brain had stopped working, stopping firing, as she eyed the man. Her body didn't want to move, to obey her commands, as she stared at the man. It was like time had stopped and she was frozen in time. "Bucky?" she uttered… No, it couldn't be. It just couldn't be. He was dead. Died over 70 years ago. There was no way that he was here. No way.
"He just wanted to make sure that someone was here to meet you when you returned, and he wanted to make you didn't overwork yourself. He knew you would try to do too much too soon. He had strict list of things he didn't want you to try. Sure, he wanted it to be him to meet you to calm you down, but…" Dugan trailed off.
Peggy chuckled. "I think Steve would've had a kicked out of this," she replied looking between the two. There was a hint of sadness in her voice, but there was a smile on her face.
She knew the reasoning behind that as Banner was the only one scientist in the group besides her. If something were to go wrong, he would be the only one who could save Toni. No one else had any idea of how her chest piece worked besides him. The scientists at SHIELD could only guess of how it worked. "He isn't due back for few more days, and you know how impatient I am."
Toni gave him the side eye before returning to Barnes' smiling face. He looked peaceful in that picture, extremely happy, and Toni couldn't help but wonder how many days the photo was taken before his death.
Toni glared at him. "I can punch you again if you like." She pushed the thin cover off and popped up into a sitting position. "Why are you here?" She asked, staring at the deep red mark on his face. She felt bad for hitting him, but she didn't think she had hit him that hard. "What did Sassy Pants tell you?" Was this her playing cupid? If so, she was going to get her back. She did
Only one light in the dark apartment was on, casting just enough light to make out Bucky's basic features. Nonetheless, the man looked venomous. "I came back for you." His voice was ice cold.
"No, I am not." She let out loud sob hearing his words. "Now, lets get to saving our boy, Barnes needs us."
Toni's head was pounding, as a loud banging was echoing in her ears, making it feel like her head was on fire. The bright lights danced in her vision, while a cold sweat pouring down her red face. But at the same time, it felt like someone had taken a baseball bat to her head and pounded her within the inch of her life. With the intense pain growing at the back of her head and up her spine, she couldn't tell how many injuries she had or any kind of injuries, but it did feel like she had been hit by a truck and she had no idea as of why. Why did her body feel so foreign to her? She had so many questions, but she couldn't remember a thing, and the last thing she remembered was talking to the faker.
She closed his eyes and took a deep breath as he walked away. It was then that she started to fall apart. Her heart was beating was so fast that it was hard to breathe, forcing her to her knees. Every bad choice that she had made flashed before her eyes, sending her to a panic attack. Why did she think she could do this? Why did she always put herself in situations that she couldn't win? Did she not care about her own wellbeing? She could've gotten hurt or worse because she didn't think first. This was a why the Captain was always yelling at her.
He turned back to Rumlow and the Senator, as his hand went to his belt, mindlessly playing with a hunting knife. He balanced the blade with his fingers as he swirled it around, while his eyes drilled into the Senator's eyes. If the Senator wasn't already shaking in his pants, he was now.
"I wouldn't say it was without cause," he stated as he opened the folder and revealed photos of her device, which was taken apart. There were wires connected to the device, trying to power it up.
to keep busy," she replied. If she stopped, her guilt would come back in ten folds, and she couldn't handle that.
However, it seemed to have worked, because the assassin groaned and dropped her. Not wasting any time to thank whatever god was up there, Toni got to her feet. She didn't care that her body was on fire. As soon as she was on her feet, she bolted. She didn't look back to see if the metal armed assassin was back on his feet. Though, she did hear Rollins, who seemed to have picked that moment to wake up, in the background.
Her eye started to twitch again, as she took a step back, trying to put some distance between them. "Just me? I can't be the only one you men want," she stated.
Clint slammed the glass down, careful not to break it. "She isn't a child. Stop treating her like one."
The group let out a collective fuck as JARVIS spoke. Each knew there was no way to make JARVIS tell them as it went against his programming. For a few long seconds, the room fall silent with Natasha being the first one to move. She went to the closest control panel, and before anyone could react, she pulled out a device from her pocket.
She stared at him. Sure, she needed to get her phone back as it obtained information from the future, but she was more concern about her unnamed device. "Where's my other device?" she asked. She needed that device in order to get home. She didn't know how she was going to do it, but she knew that the device was the key… When did she start believing that she was in the past?
However, she knew she couldn't tell him for the same reason why she didn't tell Barnes. She really was going to burn in hell, wasn't she? She suddenly felt sick again. Why did it matter if her father died on that ill-fated day in March? Would it change anything, if he didn't?
"Did I do that?" Toni asked, knowing very well that she had written it. She remembered everything from that one night, even if she didn't want to.
"What? You don't think I can behave? Nope, never mind. Don't answer that." She replied, placing more distance between her and the ocean. The suit was still dripping wet, and it glimmered under the growing moonlight.
She was too tired to be angry with him, but she felt a bit annoyed. "What are you doing here?" she asked, feeling frustrated with herself.
"Look at us," Barnes said. It sounded like an order, which was something Toni didn't like. Out of principle, she would not listen.
However, if she had to stare at that fugly tattoo one more time, she was going to kill someone. That
be a stalker. Having dealt with craze fans, that was the last thing she wanted for her Captain, and she would do whatever it took to keep that insanity from him…though was it too late? She was the reason why he overreacted when he thought there was a zealous fan in his bed. Taking a deep breath, she focused back on the two and their conversion.
She tried to push him away, but he held her tight. What was people with hugging her? Did they not know she hated hugs? "I'm fine. Just angry. Don't make me hurt you."
She gave him a look. "This relationship isn't going to work if you treat me with kid gloves, Rogers," she said. She didn't mean for it to come out like a threat, but it did. She could see something snap in his eyes.
She was warm and comfortable, which she hadn't felt in a long time. Toni felt safe sleeping in what had to be a bed, as no couch was this comfortable though some of her couches in her labs could compete. She hadn't felt this way in a long time. Even after she had let the Avengers in, she hadn't felt like this. She couldn't really be herself around them as she felt like they were always judging her. She knew she could be imagining it all, but she had seen theirs eyes. She had seen Rogers' eyes, which could always shoot right through her.
This was the normal for them, trying to one up the other—not Sharon could ever beat her. She didn't know what it was, but Sharon brought this rivalry out of her. Maybe, she was just jealous because she wished she had Peggy rather than her father. Peggy was awesome, kicking ass like it was going out of style, while her father was an asshole. A judging asshole that she could never live up to. "So, what is with the Nurse uniform," she replied, getting to her feet.
Something roared inside of her, hearing Steve say that. "NO! I knew he was going to die. I came from the future."
After pushing her sore self up, she pushed the covers off and lifted up her shirt to expose her belly. "Good," she uttered, seeing her flat stomach. With an aching dry throat, she spoke. "It felt so real." After she was sure that she wasn't pregnant, she lowered her shirt. Though she hadn't put much thought into it, she didn't want children; they scared the shit out of her. They were the scariest things on the planet, even above Loki. Heck, she had no idea of how to take care of the little beasts, and she would probably kill one if she had to care for a child.
She really couldn't remember the last time she had sex, which was surprising for her. It was weird for her to have sex nowadays with the reactor in her chest.
"I don't like being handed things." Toni narrowed her eyes at Phillips, who only stared back. "That's what I have an assistant for." However, after a few long minutes of just staring at each other, she sighed and reluctantly took the box from his grasp. "If you're proposing to me, what took you so long?" she asked, as she stared at the box. "You know what they say."
Toni's head snapped up at the voice; her heartbeat raced as she noticed Schmidt, who was staring at her with such a look that she felt her soul shake. "Are you a Borg now?" She asked.
Like he had done before, he undressed Toni and put her into something comfortable, which left him slightly red in the face. Though he had seen her naked before, he couldn't get over how beautiful she was even with the scars, and he wanted nothing more than to touch her, kiss her. Making
After slipping into her combat boots and the wrench to her pants' pocket (to Toni's joy, she was wearing pants), she exited the tent in the search of her favorite person, though Phillips would not like that. Even if he believed her, she was not his favorite person and she was okay with that. Putting on a smile, she ignored the looks and stupid ass comments from the male solders as she walked through the camp. She didn't understand how they thought whistling or stupid pickup lines would make her want to drop her pants.
Tracking Rollins had been easier than what it should have been, considering the situation. Barton would've expected the traitor to be better than this; however, if he was
"No!" Toni knew he was joking, but she took some offense to that. "I need a core. Please," she begged, puffing out her bottom lip.
Putting her phone back into her pocket, she picked up the device and stared. What was going on with this tiny device? "Yes, mother," she teased. Though it was annoying, she was glad Pepper was here to do so.
"You two aren't seriously believing this? That she's Howard's Daughter? For one, I don't think Howard would ever settle down," she replied, irritated. "However, if I think about, I'm surprised that Howard doesn't have ten children with ten different woman already."
"No, don't be sorry, Toni," Peggy stated. "There's only one person who should be sorry and that is Schmidt."
"I can help you with this. I'm not sure what you're trying to do, but I don't own Stark industries for nothing."
He knows that's true, but he doesn't need her to tell him this. He knows he has to do something, even if he has no interest in admitting it. He knows he can't go on like this, because he's slowly going insane. "I'm fine," he says, sternly, as he falls back in the bed, hoping she will leave him alone. He doesn't want to talk about this or this fake pity that she thinks is real. Exhausted, he closes his eyes as if to pretend he's going back to bed, not that it's possible with the growing pain. "Not a teenager girl!"
"Drop the gun," Colonel Phillips ordered as he pointed his gun at Toni's head. He was not playing games.
Hearing more footsteps, Toni knew someone was walking toward the door. She didn't want them to find her listening, because she didn't want the looks from them and she didn't want to talk about her father. And she really didn't want to speak about it with Rogers, who had already gotten into an argument with her over her father.
He glanced at her. "Thanks, but I'm fine with everything. I don't need help with Agent Carter." He turned away quickly.
Rumlow looked back from the front seat. A smile on his face. "Rollins has Miss future Rogers. He's taking her to one of many the SHIELD Labs to fix up that suit of hers. She's safe, Big Guy. We wouldn't let anything happen to her."
Toni eyed him with an intense glare and didn't turn back to her father's grave until the lawyer disappeared out of the sight. She gave the tombstone the stink eye as she hugged the suit jacket to her body. Sure, she didn't want the jacket, but she had to admit that she needed one. "So dear oh dad, lecturing me from the grave, are you?"
Schmidt narrowed his eyes as he crossed to a table and picked up a cube-energy pistol and pointed it at Steve. "Oh, of course you can. Of course. But unfortunately I am on a tight schedule."
Pepper gave him a look before glancing around the room. "Space for what?" It was suddenly freezing in the room as the CEO spoke. Her voice was anything but kind.
Toni lets out a harsh sigh as she eyed her car. She knew it was unfair to be so angry at Steve for leaving, but she was. What was the point of being in a relationship with the man if she hardly saw him? Or maybe, she was just crazy? Being too hard? Too needy? She knew she adored him because he
Shaking her head, the genius focused on finding her shoes, which wasn't too hard to find. They were at the end of the hospital bed, but as she reached for them, the door to the room creeped open. Ignoring her fear, her third thought was that it was Colonel Phillips, coming to yell at her, but the footsteps were too light to belong to him.
"Still dark outside," she muttered to herself as she slowly made her way to the kitchen. Her bones ached, and she wanted nothing more than to sleep. "Start the coffee for Momma, J?" she asked, feeling her muscles twitch.
"I only threw the wrench at him," she paused, "though, I almost threw a screwdriver at him." Salty gave her a look at hearing that. "Don't look at me like that! He so deserved it. He's an ass. How can anyone stand him and that planet size ego," she explained, shaking her head.
"Any change on that device?" Steve asked, leaning back against a counter with his sandwich in his hand.
Anger flashed through Toni, insulted that Sharon would even ask that. What was she trying to say? That she didn't care? She cared so much it hurt. "Excuse me."
To her surprise, the lever for her seat still worked, and she was able to put it back. It didn't help as much as she would have liked, but she was able to stretch herself out. Like every time you needed something, the phone was just out of reach. It sat on the backseat, and the tips of her fingers could just touch the phone. "You got to be kidding me." She hollered, as she pushed herself flat against the seat. Her muscle strained, though all her pain started to blend together into a shit show of pain.
"I am p-" She started, but the words died. "What the hell is he doing here? I thought I said no Pirates!" she yelled, stepping away from Steve and toward the windows. Her eyes were on the helipad, glaring at the black helicopter that was landing. There was no mistaking the Shield symbol blazed on the side of it.
Taking a deep breath, she walked out of Barnes' room and looked around the apartment for Steve, but he was nowhere to be found.
"It's over there," he stated, pointing toward the other side of the room. "Has something changed? I thought you couldn't power it."
He punched the bag one last time, before it flew off the hook and across the room, landing on the other one. Unlike before, it burst open sending sand everywhere, but Steve didn't care. He had so much anger inside of him that he didn't know what to do with it. In the past, this was the only he knew how to calm himself, but it didn't seem to be helping at all. Instead, it was making it so much worse.
She didn't want to deal with her emotions and she would do anything to hide from them. Her guilt was the enemy and she would find a way to rid herself of it. The first thing she would do was not talk about him. "You said my device is gone? Hopefully, it's really destroyed. If not, I'll take it bomb to it," she said, trying to put a smile on.
Steve was the first to move. "Is the floor steady?" he asked, unsure of his steps. "The floor is not going to cave in, is it?"
No, it wasn't as much as what Killian did or didn't do. He just brought out emotions, emotions that she didn't want to think about. She didn't want to talk about her 'weakness,' her guilt…or the fact that she kept seeing Bucky. Yes, she had told Steve this prior, but he didn't know how bad it was. Sure, everyone saw ghosts, saw someone who wasn't there. Right now, she could see him, but this was nothing. It was just a memory, but there were times she could really see him. It was like he didn't die over 70 years ago, and if she didn't keep telling himself that he was dead, she would think he was there.
He spied on Steve for crying out loud, so there was no telling how many people he was tracking in general.
"I can't leave her." Steve scanned the room looking for some clue because Barnes was right. Toni didn't leave with Schmidt, but she was still missing and she could be in danger. They had to find her before Schmidt, but they had to get out of here as well, because the building was coming down around them.
"You are about to cross into international water, and I am picking up both coast guard and foreign ships nearby. I advise turning back to avoid an incident," her AI replied.
"But it is. If I didn't get into a fight with her and force her back in here, she wouldn't have been working on it," he paused, "She wouldn't be in danger if I just left her alone. Her chest piece could be not functioning right now, and it is my fault because I pushed her. I pushed the woman that I-" He stopped himself. He wasn't going to say it.
"I understand," he said, as he suddenly picked her up in bridal style with one arm under her knees and the other one at her middle back surprising Toni.
Toni put her full attention on the lock as she needed to focus on it. "Calm down," she told herself, taking a deep breath. She shook her head fear that she might not pick it in time. However, a second later, she heard a click. Very quickly, she gathered her things and entered the room. Not even a moment later, a guard passed by the door. She could hear him stop outside the door, which freaked her out, but it wasn't long before she could breathe again. On the video feed, she watch him walk away.
She also didn't care that her hunger pain was getting worse, because her emotional pain was greater and she didn't know how to deal with it. She never knew how to deal with it, because she wasn't taught to. In her family, emotions were for the weak, so she hid them. She acted the way she did to hide that she was hurting. She allowed herself to get lost in her playgirl egoist image, so no one could see the truth.
"…It's not my fault," she replied slowly, knowing it would be a battle to believe it. Peggy smiled as she turned and stepped away from the muddy circle. She joined Phillips, who has was unlocking the handcuffs.
Her body felt strange to her, feeling like she wasn't even in her body, but Toni willed herself forward. "Nothing. I'm not hiding anything," she replied.
Shaking her head, Toni glanced back down at the letter in her hands, and unable to stop herself, she reread the letter. Even with the second reading, it touched her heart, leaving her light of breath. How could that man leave her in tears? How could he turn her into a crybaby?
Steve stared down at her, eyeing her for a second before turning back to the SHIELD personal. "They have this handle," he replied as he noticed Natasha and Fury getting out of an unmarked car. There was an angry look on his face. "Let's go home."
"Why are you here?" he asked, unable to look away from Toni. He had also seen those shoulders before, and he didn't need anyone to tell him what they meant.
Her story was falling apart, and she knew he would figure out the truth soon, learned that she left Bucky and her father to die. He would hate her, and even if he didn't right away, he would hate her soon enough. "What do you what from me?" she asked, trying to hold back her tears.
Clint was having a difficult time believing what he was hearing. "Really?" he asked, shaking his head. "Okay, let's look pass the weapons that you can use against the Avengers and look at the Device that Toni, herself, had made. It was that device that made Toni disappeared. What makes you think that the items stolen did anything to her?" Clint was pissed and it was clear with each word he spoke.
Steve could feel the color form in his cheeks as everyone knew about his feelings for the Brunette. Everyone knew how
The CEO stilled, as her grip loosened on Toni. Spinning ever so slowly, Pepper gave Barton a cold, harsh look before she turned to Toni, leading her away. "I need to talk to Toni
"Stark, don't be an idiot," he stated. "You can't stay in there all day. You have to come out and eat."
Peggy nodded. "It is, and I can't wait to meet mini you." She gave Toni one last hug before saying her good-byes. There were some tears in her eyes, which Toni had rarely seen. "And don't forget: their deaths are not your fault, okay?" she said, staring at her. "Say it," she said sternly after a few seconds of silence.
"Whatever, Rogers. Think what you want. I don't have time for this," she said, as she grabbed at something hanging from her neck.
Pulling away like she had been burned, Toni pulled away and glared at Rogers, who seemed to love telling her what to do. "Give it a rest," she stated, fighting the pain. "You act like I'm charging into battle." She picked up her glass and took a slip as to mock him.
Peggy reached into her pocket and pulled out a bag, which held Toni's communication device. "This device is no longer in working order. Though it doesn't look like it, Stark said the core and the battery were cooked by some kind of wave." She looked it at before offering it to him, but he didn't reach for it.
Making a sandwich with everything on it, Bruce stared down at counter, not making eye contact except for tiny looks every few seconds. "If Toni is planning of using something from the Tesseract, maybe I can do the same. We would have a better shot of doing it, but I would need some help or access to the Tesseract, and I'm not sure I can get that. Trying to talk it through with Thor."
Savin let out a chuckle as he continued to step toward her. "Oh, this one was very interested in finding you."
"Just because I agree to let you help, it does not mean I forgive you," she stated as she tucked the gun away.
Peggy looked at her for a second before turning to Howard. "You quite finished, Mr. Stark? I'm sure the Captain has some unfinished business?"
"You have a bright mind. I hate to see it go to waste," he answered as he pulled her toward Zola who had popped out between two large glowing towers.
Toni, who was still wearing Rogers' coat, was eyeing Barnes right back. She had no idea of why they were having an eye staring contest, but she wasn't going to lose. She didn't lose often and she refused to be beat by James Barnes, even if he was a delicious eye candy.
"Oh, will she now?" Steve replied, a smile growing on his face. "I might not let her go in that case."
As he watched them, there were a few ways that he could kill them from his height and position. He could kill hundreds of them in a number of ways before anyone realized what was happening. He could shot them each in the head before they realized what happened. They would be bleeding in the streets before anyone could stop him—not that anyone could. He was an unstoppable weapon. No one could-
Not caring about anything else, Steve rushed to her side, and without hesitation, he pulled the shaky genius into his arms. She felt cold to the touch, barely moving in his arms, but it didn't last long. The second that that he wrapped his arms around her was the second that she started to struggle against him. At first, he thought it was because he had startled her, but with a few 'Toni, it's me. Calm down,' he realized this was something else. It was worse than he thought, and he could feel his heart break as he listened to her cries.
Toni leaned her forehead against his chest. "We're some fucked up people, aren't we?" she asked, as her hands tightened on his biceps.
Toni gave him a questioning look, but she didn't say anything. She wanted to bring up the fact that he would be leaving in two weeks and he wouldn't be here to see her get back on her feet, but she thought that was a bad idea.
Barnes interrupted her. "Thought I was someone else?" he finished. "So who were you expecting?" he asked, eyeing the hammer's handle (the only part he could see).
"Milking this like the punk you are, Punk," Bucky replies, gasping Steve's outreached hand and holding tightly. "I'll remember this later, Stevie."
Steve glanced at Toni for a second before turning back to operating window. "He's fast and strong. He had a metal arm."
Toni took a deep breath and turned to her device, which she had put back together. After replacing most of the wires, it hadn't take much to get her device back in working order, well back to where she had before. It still bit when she tried to power it. She reached for a small generator on the table and pulled it toward her, thinking whether she should try or not. As it would just spit it back out, it would be stupid to try. She pushed the generator away and grabbed a small wrench. After taking off the metal casing, she pushed the wires out of the way and partly pulled out the motherboard.
She smiles at him. "I said you were too stupid to die," she says, taking a seat at one of the chairs at the table.
Steve closed his eyes wondering how he should approach her, though he knew either way would probably get the same reaction. He knew that she would fight him like she always did. She would throw insults and would strike-
Covered in sweet, Toni awoke with a startle, bolting up in a wobbly cot, which shook beneath her weight. Her body trembled as if she was freezing, but she was burning up. An unnatural heat rushed through her, and she felt like she was on fire with flames licking her skin. With this heat, Toni thought she was going to die, and trying to cool down, she thrust the heavy blanket off as quickly as she could. However, she was still overheating even with the cold, bitter air.
Bucky's grinning like an idiot. "Just wait until we get you into bed. You won't be able to feel your ass."
"He-help," she called out, trying to yelling, but it wasn't anything more than a whisper. She couldn't stay on the ground, waiting for them, because they could be hurt worse than she. Using her fear, she pushed herself up with one arm and looked around. Everything was still fuzzy, but she could make out a few things. Her broken desk and chair lay a few feet from her. The Device, which seemed to be one piece, was a few feet in front of her. The title floor, which looked like it had fallen from the sky, was no longer whole.
Howard's grip tightened around her. "Toni," he yelled again. It was a distance yelling as the feeling in her body started to disappear. Everything around her followed form, and it wasn't long before her body and mind gave out on her.
"No," Barnes barks. "I'm right and you know it. You were complaining about it too, complaining how he never takes anything serious. Never listens. Just rushes in head first without a second thought. Just admit it. For a fucken genius, he's fucken stupid." He's yelling now. "He doesn't care what anyone else is feeling. He just does whatever the fuck he wants!"
Rogers took a deep breath as he tried to convince himself. But before he could calm himself fully, his mind drifted to Toni, and his heart just shattered. He had left her. He had left her to suffer seventy years alone. She could've died alone, like she always had been. He had promised himself when he first met her that he wasn't going to allow that to happen. How could he have allowed that to happen?
Toni didn't have much to say about D.C. that hadn't already been said: it was a city full of idiots. Granted, that could be said about anything city- idiots were everywhere, but D.C. had a special kind of stupid. However, the main reason why she avoided this city was because she was in denial. Steve
1) I did use 'steal' some lines from CA: Winter Soldier. I think I did a good job at mixing those lines with my vision.
he thought, angry at himself. He didn't like the idea of her marrying Howard at all. "Why is that?" asked Steve. "Maybe, it's the last name thing. Maybe, you looked up the wrong last name."
Steven narrowed his eyes at Banner before turning to Natasha. "How can we be sure that he isn't lying?" he asked. He wouldn't put it pass that man.
Not wanting to wait on the stairwell, Bucky continued down to the lobby. The building was quiet for the most part except for a few wild men, who were drinking far too much. "They must be going off to the war," he muttered as he walked pass the open door. They were wearing military uniforms, which was what attracted the women (who were losing article of clothes with each passing moment) to them. He had the desired to close the door but he fought it as he didn't want to be noticed by them. That was a fight he didn't want.
"Just a lot on my mind, Cap," he says. "Why don't you go tell Barnes his food is just as good as ever?"
"No, I don't," she stated as she tried to pull her arm back and failed. She tried not to pay any attention to the word 'should.' "Thanks." She eyed her arm and the growing blisters, forming on it.
"So what are we watching this week?" Sam asks, breaking the deadly silence. He's standing next to Clint, making no movement to sit, and he's still rubbing his shoulder.
Steve turned to her. "Yes!" There was a pause. "I don't need you to save me. Why kind of man gets saved by a dame with a broken arm?"
And this last fight made her wonder how close she was to losing the Super Soldier. After everything that happened, was he getting close to his breaking point? Because she would be if she was in his shoes. She had said things, acted like a total bitch, and didn't care who she hurt as she spouted off. Why did he want to be in a relationship with her? Most people ran from people like her, which was what Pepper did and that hurt like a bitch. So, she expected Steve to bolt, and she wouldn't blame him, considering she destroyed everything she touched.
Steve had a love/hate relationship with Howard Stark. There had been a few times that Steve wanted to punch Howard out, while other times he wanted to hug the man. That was nothing on Toni's relationship with her father, which Toni had described as a roll coaster. She had better memories of him now, especially after the time travel, and she was devastated when she learned her father still died bloody.
need to be saved by anyone. She had a high power suit with enough fire power to take on an army. She was her own hero,
"I swear I'm not a baby sitter, and I refuse to be one," Pepper stated as she walked to the door. "The Avengers are children."
"Is there a point to your boring conversation?" she asked. "Are you trying to confess your love for me? If so, I'm sorry. Not interested. Not into the violent type."
"I made the mess. I can clean it," she said. When she was sure her red cheeks were gone, she turned to him with a smile. Her arm was feeling better and though she was overshooting, she could be getting it off in a few weeks. "You worry too much," she smiled as she waved the cast.
"No, No," she yelled, trembling. She placed her hands flat against Steve's chest and pushed off, trying to break his grip. "Let go! Let me go!" She yelled, cursing at him. "I don't want y-you!" She fought against him, struggling to get out of his arms. "Stop. Let go! I don't need your help! I need to work! Let me work!" She cried out, tears running down her face.
Toni jumped, not hearing that someone had entered the room. She looked up to see Agent Carter walk toward the table and sat something down. She didn't say anything as she reached over Toni and unlocked the handcuffs. "Do you want medical attention for that?" Peggy asked as handcuff fell from Toni's bleedy wrist.
That was something Toni would normally listen to, but that did seem like something Steve would enjoy. And, judging by how he pulled out a tiny notebook, she knew he would at least listen. However, before she could make a comment, Steve's phone chirped—his horrible out dated phone, though she probably hated it for another reason.
Toni's whole world spun on that and black started to pierce through her vision. "What?" She uttered, her throat feeling like tight. "How?" She could barely recall anything, just remembering Barnes's cruel smile. She remembered agreeing. She remembered feeling this trepidation bubbling inside of her, but this
"I wouldn't," he replied, pulling into a parting spot. He had such a big smile on his face that Toni couldn't pull her eyes away from.
However, the loud shriek stopped, but there was a still a heavy ringing in her ear. For a few sounds, she wondered if she had gone deaf, but after a few seconds, she could hear the suit as the man flung it against a large trash bins. However, it still took her awhile to fully regain her sense. Everything felt off. "You wanted me out of the suit," she groaned, seeing her now disabled suit. This was a game to his man. How did she miss that? What the hell did he use on her?
everywhere, but even now, she saw Bucky. This time, he was staring at her from across the Lincoln Memorial. His eyes were drilling into her, eating at her soul. Was it sad that his appearance didn't surprise her anymore? Yes, her heart was racing, but she didn't jump at his appearance.
He took a seat next to her, ignoring her glare. "Nothing much." He glanced down at her hands, which were curled up in her lap. "Another nightmare. What was this one about?" She didn't answer. "You can tell me. You don't need to hold them it. It doesn't make you weak."
that wasn't good. She knew it was a bad sign. No, she didn't have one of those fancy degrees—A fancy degree for the head. She did have a few other fancy degrees, though none for the head. She had nothing for the head, not that she believed in that crap. Maybe, that was the real reason why she was struggling with this, though she did know she felt extremely guilty over Barnes' death. At times, it was overwhelming, and it stopped her in her tracks.
Old Salty had said something to the sassy Agent, but Toni wasn't paying attention. At this moment, anything that came out of Peggy's mouth annoyed her. However, it did make her laugh, because somehow, she was friends with Rogers and 'enemies' with Peggy, when it was the opposite in the future. What was going on to make her consider Rogers a friend over Peggy?
"Don't tell me how to feel or what to do. I'm done with this game." She didn't want to be here anymore. She wanted to go and disappear. This guilty was burying her and she had no idea of how to handle it. Then there was a feeling of shame, because she didn't have the right to feel anything as it was her fault.
She shot him a glare. "Don't think that you know me, because you don't." She hated when people thought they knew her, because no one knew her. No one at all.
At the moment, she needed something, as she was the only Avenger in the tower, each going off to do their own thing. Bruce was again, trying to build up the courage to speak to Betty. Toni offered to go with him, playing the loyal wing man, but Bruce gave her a 'don't you dare' look whenever she teased him about it. She did feel bad for the man, but she didn't know what to do, especially when she knew she couldn't shut up. Thor was off planet, doing whatever Thor did. Seriously, what did that man do when he wasn't on Earth? She knew he was a prince, but what did that mean? In her head, she saw him in a pile—yes, a pile—of women feed his grapes and they all were naked, but she forced that image out of her head. But it could be—nope, she wasn't going to finish that thought. She did not want to think about
That nickname froze Toni, stopping her struggle, as she wondered how long these two were watching her. How much did they know? Did they hear her conversion with Phillips? She hoped not. Why hadn't she notice them? "I'm a screamer. Just ask all my partners," she teased, trying to hide her fear.
There was something about his voice that threw Toni, but she pushed it aside. She didn't need to worry about that.
Rumlow was moving before anyone else could react. "What's up, Barton?" he asked, eyeing the controls.
"Where did you get it?" Natasha asked-more like demanded. The Black Widow looked anything accept friendly at that moment. Her expression was flat and calculating, almost like she was staring through him. In her hand, she held the flash drive that Fury had entrusted to Steve, and she had no interest in giving it back.
"Yes." Forcing back his blush, Steve met Rhodes' stare, as he wanted nothing more than to change the subject. He had no interest in talking about Toni's past love life. No interest whatever so. "And you not going to give me the 'hurt her and I kill you speech,'?" he asked.
Toni glanced at Phillips before she turned to Howard, who had taken a step next to her. "Comfy seat?" she asked while wondering why he was sitting next to her.
As for Toni's age, I am making her younger than MCU Tony. I believe i mentioned this before, but I will state it before. No, she isn't some 20 year old, but she isn't as old as RDJ. In my story, i am making her around 35.
Toni narrowed her eyes, because it was that mindset that brought planes and ships down. Fury's beloved heliocraft would have gone down if it wasn't for her actions. "I said I wasn't scared. No need to try to baby me."
"Steve," Clint replied, his voice heavy. "I'll not rest until I find our genius. I promise you this, but…" He drifted off, looking for the right words. "They have her."
It was at times like this that he wished Bucky was here. Bucky, who wasn't always levelheaded, was a voice of reason to Steve. He kept Steve's head on straight. Bucky would know what to do, know what words to tell him, even if Bucky cursed every five seconds.
Toni couldn't deny that. It was true. It was all true. Maybe, that was why she felt so guilty. Maybe, that was why she was seeing him everywhere. It could be the lack of sleep, but she was drowning each time she tried.
Toni's back was pressed firmly against the wall, trying to make herself invisible as two guards passed her. She held her breath as they came within a few feet from her. She could hold her own in a fair one-on-one fight, but she couldn't take both of them on at the same time; plus, it would also alert them that she was here. She didn't breathe again until they turned into a room and closed the door behind them.
"Just came back from combat," Barnes answered. "It got a little ruff, but it isn't anything that I can't handle." He paused. "I think it makes me look manlier." He let out a laugh. "What do you think?"
Phillips stepped away from her and the device, putting some distance between them. After eyeing him for a few seconds, Toni set the welding tool in her hand down on the ground and followed. Once the Colonel was sure they could talk in peace, he turned back to Toni. "How are you really?"
In her struggling, the water rushed into her nose, taking the breath that she was holding. Scared, she tried to take a breath, but the water rushed into her lungs. Panic flew through her because she had no idea if they were going to pull her out of the water that seared her throat. If they were, wouldn't they have done so already? Didn't they know that she couldn't breathe? Did they know that everything was fading? She was starting to lose the feeling of her body.
The Super Soldier didn't let him finish as he punched him in the face. "You got no idea." His eyes went to Toni for a split second; however, in that second, Schmidt struck. Steve threw his shield up to block but his weak shield was no match, and Schmidt's fist indented Steve's shield, shocking Steve. He was no weakling.
