He heard Natasha confirm securing the vial and Sam saying something about Redwing, before they both turned their attention back to Scott. “Seriously, are you okay Scott?”
“So. Lagos?”
Scott hung up, genuinely content for the first time in a while. He had woken up a little while ago, internal clock set so that he would wake up in time to talk to Cassie before she went to school each day. He was almost surprised he didn’t oversleep, considering how exhausted he was when he finally went to bed last night. He dragged himself up and set about his morning routine. While he got dressed, he thought back to the previous night’s poker game.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the end, Cassie made the decision for him, which was hardly a surprise. He had visited her that evening to run Sam’s offer by her before he officially accepted it. (He had hated when his parents had made decisions that affected the whole family without talking to him when he was growing up, so Scott tried to be open with Cassie. He had felt guilty every single day he was away from his family in prison. His actions had hurt them, and he had sworn to himself that he owed it to them to try to do the right thing by them from then on. And one of those things was communicating with them honestly.) When he told her he was asked to join the Avengers, she was ecstatic.
“My exercise will test your concentration. You’ll be given several targets to observe, and have to keep up with them and notice all their changes.”
The man, Tiberius Stone, was a Count, notable from the rest of the kingdom’s Counts both because of his relatively young age and from the fact that he had received his title as a commoner. Tiberius had curried the favor of the Prince as a young man, and was known as the Prince’s most trusted confidant. His wife, Rumiko, was popular with the royal family as well, but not quite as popular as the only Countess who had earned her title for military service to the crown. Margaret Carter was a fierce fighter, and had lived in a bustling border town famous for trade until invading forces attacked her hometown. Even as a young lady, she rallied her town and came up with the strategies that kept her town from being wiped out in the siege. She was offered an honorary rank or medal for her heroism, but she insisted on being properly conscripted instead. She rose up the ranks rapidly, despite the rarity of female officers or conscripts, but to receive her own unit in the army she had to gain favor with a noble who would sponsor her further ambitions. She reached out to Tiberius because she knew he had been a commoner as well, and while she didn’t much care for the man himself after meeting him, she became the head of his private army. (She hated the idea of skilled soldiers being hoarded en masse for the nobles to use at their whims, but hoped to change things as a general one day.) She received the title of Countess when she stopped an assassination attempt on the Prince, while Tiberius had just happened to visit to have dinner with the man.
"And what exactly are you making?” Scott pressed as he poured his cereal.
“Hey Friday, where is our new member right now? We should meet him since we’re all gathered and free.” The group turned as one to follow their leader as he strode down the hall.
, come on, who gives a fuck how she feels about Stone.”
“Don’t listen to him, our late nights are awesome,” Wanda protested sleepily as she clutched a mug of tea Vision prepared for her and picked at her toast. Steve nudged her with his shoulder. “Of course the night owl would say that.”
"The latter,” Friday stated calmly. “It’s against my programming.”
“If it makes you feel any better, it’s not the best coffee I’ve ever had,” Natasha said faux-kindly. “The scones, though…”
Natasha looked at him quizzically. “You know, you’re talking all of these tests in stride.”
Vision nodded politely. “You’ve worked quite hard today. We’ll all partake in a meal as I ask you a few questions.”
“If I can help it? Nothing,” Tony said while putting his tablet aside with a scowl.
“You, Natasha, and Wanda will be the Red Team. Sam, Vision, and I are the Blue Team,” Steve clarified.
Creation was his first love. But his next biggest joy was getting letters. Rhodey’s letters had been a joy for years now, but Steve’s letters were a new delight, and almost overwhelmingly loving.
When Vision nodded, Scott leaned forward, suddenly intense. “She’s always the most important to me.”
Tony groaned when he saw Bucky approach, but he didn’t move to leave when he settled down next to him. (Dummy was trying to eat something off a nearby tree.)
Just then Wanda lumbered into the room, her usual oversized sweater over leggings. She yawned while she waved at the group assembled around the table. “You’re up earlier than usual,” Vision commented to Wanda, who pat his shoulder absently as she passed towards the teapot. “Dream woke me up.” Vision looked like he wanted to ask more questions, but was distracted by Sam laughing at some reference Natasha made to the previous night.
“I suppose I should,” was Friday’s wry response. Scott and Sam shared a moment of amusement at the A.I. sarcasm before turning to head in the direction of the kitchen.
these tests both in my suit and out?” Scott questioned concernedly, stifling a curse when his right hand almost slipped.
When Vision made to phase through the wall, Natasha stopped him with a hand. “Wait, if this is a diversion, we should have a few heroes in the country. Tony and Rhodey are both in state, but maybe Vision should stay too.”
“Oh, I know you after all. We were told you might show up one day, but I honestly didn’t expect Pym to let you work with the Avengers.” He laughed, the noise like broken glass. “You have a little daughter, right?”
Tony pointed a finger at Sam threateningly. “Don’t sass me. I make your gear.”
He ran into Rhodey and Tony engaged in conversation with a stout man in the hallway.
When she returned her focus to the screen where Sam was in the process of picking his character out after Rhodey flung his controller moodily away, Scott couldn’t help but wonder what it was like to be interrogated by her.
Sam shook his head in awe. He knew for a fact that Steve had loved the new armor, despite his disappointment at having to use it so soon, and Sam had seen that thing take massive damage in training sessions. Yet Steve would always walk away with nary a scratch. Tony must’ve spent, hours, no, days, even weeks poring over the disaster in Sokovia, from the familiar way he flipped from moment to moment in the fight. Sam was about to leave, guilty about adding more to Tony’s workload, (and quietly plotting a way to make sure Tony got to sleep tonight. Sam suddenly felt a responsibility to watch out for the older man, and Natasha could probably let Pepper know just how wiped Tony really was.) when he froze in place. Tony had pulled up the footage of Pietro, saving Clint and the kid. Sam tore his gaze from the hologram to watch Tony where he slumped on the couch. His sigh seemed to echo in the quiet room.
“You didn’t ask me about that, either,” Steve said with a put-upon sigh, though Sam privately thought Steve just liked being a drama queen.
. He would visit Cassie and Maggie tomorrow, as Hope was often busy whipping shareholders into shape and tearing down the patriarchy with violent delight, leaving her schedule difficult to manage accordingly. Today she had a gap before she handled some business in the city and wanted to hear about Scott’s recent adventure while they both had a free moment.
Tony knows that after this he’s going to regret his decision because the mistakes lead him and Steve to this state. That is the reason why he can’t hold Steve, because they are not there when the other needs them.
Tony turns to Steve and immediately meets his gaze; Steve really means that, he wants him to stay. Tony can feel the fear fading away from him, and it’s replaced with a new feeling that Tony has never felt before. It’s warm and good feeling, his heart is doing flips because of it. He wants to take care of the man, take all his pain away, take the pain in himself if he needs to, he just wants Steve to be happy again. He wants Steve to feel loved and not so lonely.
“I know”, Steve says, his voice breaking “thank you, Tony. This means a lot to me” he adds silently but he knows that Tony heard him.
“No Tony, I– I don’t want you to leave”, Steve says loudly, “please, don’t leave me”, he adds whispering, voice apologizing that he almost shouted.
When he’s very close he whispers “can– can you kiss me again?” The question shook Tony and he looked maybe too amazed because Steve adds quickly “no, no, you don’t have to if you don’t want. I-– it just felt nice.”
It’s odd, Steve doesn’t cry often. In fact this is the first time Tony sees Steve crying; so this is how he does it, silently, unlike Tony, no sobbing. Just tears, he lets them go from his eyes, his beautiful eyelashes are forming groups because some of the tears are stuck on them. The tears fall down next to his nose, leaving behind tiny streams so it’s easier for next tear to fall. They continue towards his chin and they hang there for a while, fighting against gravity before Steve either wipes them away with the back of his hand or lets them fall down, leaving marks to his jeans.
At first Steve didn’t know Tony that well. He preferred to sit far away from him, far away from his wicked comments about his “short beauty sleep after WW2”. Steve didn’t need anyone to insult him because he already felt bad. Still Steve was clearly interested. He wanted to know what Tony was like when he wasn’t surrounded by other people, he needed a moment alone with him.
, he wants to say, instead he adds “you are good the way you are, Steve. You are strong and we will get through this together.”
One time Steve bumped into Tony when he came to the kitchen to make his usual mid-day sandwich while waiting the dinner. Tony was repairing the microwave.
“Steve,” Tony mumbled silently and sobbed, “I’m so sorry Steve.”
The corridor is empty when Tony steps out of his room. The floor feels cool when he tiptoes few steps to the next door. He waits for a while, listening and hesitating whether to knock or just turn around and go back to his own bed. He knocks Steve’s door three times. Not too hard, but loudly enough so that Steve can hear him through his sobbing. The sobbing stops and for a while there is a complete silence, only thing he can hear is the air conditioning humming on the roof. Tony waits a moment and then the door opens. Steve looks at him with red and puffy eyes. The hem of his t-shirt is damp because he probably dried his tears to it before opening the door. He forces a smile for Tony and then turns, walks back to bed, leaving the door open. Tony assumes that means that he can come in.
Second time… Steve’s not ashamed even if he’s sobbing loudly. He’s standing far away from Tony but he can see him. Tony’s dying, he wants Steve to come closer. He needs him now, and Tony knows that Steve needs him too. Tony really wants to wipe those tears away, Steve needs Tony to tell him that everything is going to be all right. They both need each other now, but Tony can’t stand and Steve’s too afraid to move.
Steve put his hands under Tony and hoisted him up. Tony was small man and not heavy, that day, in his hands, Tony felt incredibly small. His body was so relaxed. Steve settled Tony’s hands on his own lap so they wouldn’t swing around. Tony looked so peaceful, sleeping in his arms. His head resting on Steve’s bicep.
Steve was more than happy that Tony asked him to stay. He loved watching Tony work. “Yes I can stay. Do you want help with that?” This would be his moment with Tony.
He lay Tony softly on the floor of the jet. He kissed his forehead and whispered to him, “I’m sorry Tony, you know I am. I’m sorry I couldn’t keep you safe.” He sobbed and pressed one last kiss on top of Tony’s hand he was holding.
Tony is sure that Steve doesn’t want his sympathies. He decides just sit there, next to Steve, watching him while he cries silently and beautifully.
Just when he was leaving he heard Tony blurt out, “actually, if you have some time, I think I can bring this thing back to live in less than twenty minutes. You can wait if you want… I mean if you are not in a hurry.”
“Oh, hi Steve,” Tony said cheerfully, “you probably have to skip the warm cheese sandwich today and just eat it cold. The microwave is dead.”
“Yeah”, Steve says, his voice hoarse because he has cried so much. Tony notices that Steve accepts his words because he starts sobbing again “she– she meant a lot to me. She was always here when I needed someone but… now she isn’t here and I–I don’t know what to do. Tony, I’m lost without her.”
Steve is silent for a long time, just watching Tony through his tears, Tony hopes that he doesn’t only imagine the tiny awe in Steve’s eyes. Tony is scared, if the silence means that he doesn’t really want him here. He turns his gaze back to the wall and slowly starts to withdraw his hand form Steve’s, ready to leave, but the man just grabs his hand tighter and pulls Tony closer to him.
Steve had been sleeping longer than usually, Tony had already left the room when Steve woke up. He grabbed his t-shirt and pair of sweatpants and headed towards the elevator with a rush. He put his clothes on in the elevator. The elevator was probably the fastest in town but still it went down too slowly. Steve turned sideways and pushed himself out of the elevator before the doors were fully open.
Steve walked slowly and silently across battlefield, towards the jet which would take Tony away from him. The jet was far away but still too close. Steve knew the walk would feel too short. He wasn’t ready to let go.
Steve could tell that Tony felt more better when he didn’t have to be alone. Once again Tony had tidied his table so Steve could sit on his usual place. Steve’s sketchbook was full of drawings, he liked to draw compound or New York but he what he loved more than drawing a scene was to draw Tony. Three quarters of all the drawings portrayed him.
“Felt good”, Tony blurts out, he doesn’t know if he meant it to be a question or he’s own opinion. It definitely was his own opinion because the kiss with Steve felt so good. He likes Steve and he hopes that Steve knows that now.
The cold water feels too cold today so he turns off the shower. When the noice of the water is gone, Tony can still hear Steve from the other room. He doesn’t know how long Steve has been crying. But Tony knows that he wants to do something, he has to, he wants Steve to feel better and he can’t just leave him alone. He needs Tony, now. Tony walks back to his bedroom and takes his old, grey sweatpants and his too big, night blue t-shirt out from the wardrobe, he puts them on so he looks relaxed and feels more comfortable.
“I was just heading out to go jogging but I can stay if you want me to,” Steve said because he knew that Tony himself wouldn’t ask him to stay.
“You can cry if you want, you know that Steve”, Tony says calmly, “we are together now, you don’t have to fight the tears.”
Tony doesn’t know what to do so he just stands there, in front of Steve’s bed. Tony notices that the man changed back to his Captain America mode… no sobbing, just tears. Tony thinks that Steve looks beautiful even when he’s crying, he wants to say it out loud but he feels that this is not the right time. The silence in the room is torturing because he knows Steve excepts him to say something, perhaps something snappy, but he doesn’t have the words. He doesn’t know how to comfort people when they are in pain.
Suddenly Tony slumped forward, Steve caught him and wrapped his arms tightly around him. Tony crabbed Steve’s shirt in his fists and squeezed it hard. The white shirt caught the color of red, more from his arms than his hands. Steve plant kisses on top of Tony’s head, he breath the scent of his coconut shampoo, and tried not to think about what would have happened, if he would have been there 30 minutes later.
he recites to himself silently.
It was a far cry better than anything else he got up to in this room of limbo. Doctors talked at him, nurses tended to him, but nothing really changed. He had stopped trying to tell them about Steve, the imprisoned man who was enchanted. He had stopped trying to say anything at all.
“She couldn’t have,” Tony insisted. “Sunset wouldn’t steal from me. She loves me.”
The man sneered. “Yeah, and you’ve done such a stellar job of that recently, haven’t you?”
They were a distressingly competent group of people.
“Captain America! Iron Man!” came Thor’s booming voice.
I'm on your mind each place you go
Steve got up to check the door, but it was stuck. He was just about to look at the ventilation that the monster had come through, when he heard a choking sound.
“Tony! Status report, soldier!”
His father came frequently. He never seemed to know what to say. He had started out with his usual spiel of Stark men and iron, but when Tony didn’t say a word, he changed. Day after day, Tony noticed that his father was changing his tactics, being kinder. He was sometimes wedeling, other times bargaining. One time he got so desperate, he actually begged Tony to talk to him. Tony had never in his life seen his father beg, not to anyone. It had moved something in Tony, but still, he hadn’t said a word. That was when Howard lost his patience completely, and left.
He had work to do.
He was just thinking about whether he should become more involved in politics when someone came out onto the balcony with him.
Tony nodded silently, and slid off his bench. Before he could leave, Dummy rolled up to his, holding the book about good people who saved the day. Tony smiled at him and pet him one last time, and then followed his father, the King.
This time, lights went up around the circle. It was weak and faint, but there. Tony kept it up, repeating and repeating the spell until it reached the first of his yew-machine, and then it really took off. The room was filled with light, and Tony took a moment to regret not putting a towel under the crack of the door, but it was too late for anything like that. The circle pulsed with energy, but Tony didn’t say the final piece of the spell just yet. He looked at his barometer at his side. It was measuring the levels of magic, and he had to get this right. It waxed, it waned, it was a bit erratic and unpredictable, but if he could get it at the right moment…
“Yes,” Steve sighed. “It would probably be best. I need to get back before Rothbart comes.” Steve raised Tony’s hand to press a kiss to his knuckles. “Thank you.”
He paused and felt despair choke the air out of his throat, crush his trachea. It was all in his head, of course, because he didn’t get such an easy way out. He breathed through the crushing weight, and he felt the hopelessness leave his lungs and coat the air. Like the humidity had gone up, or the gravity had become stronger. He just sat there and breathed for two minutes, feeling nothing but their air in his lungs and the weight on his chest, and that was when he got an idea.
Now everyday I start by saying to you
Steve was leaning against the doorway with his arms crossed. He didn’t want to go any further into the room and deal with any consequences of his actions, but at the same time he couldn’t bear to leave without seeing that Tony was okay. Tony was such a confident and larger-than-life character that seeing him so small and fragile had really shaken Steve.
When Tony stepped into the ball, he found himself in his element. He shook hands with the women present, making the ladies blush and flutter their eyelashes, and he charmed the adults into thinking that each and every one of them was special and necessary to the events of the day, even though they weren’t. He sipped champagne, nibbled on hors d’oeuvre, and flashed his eyes at everyone to catch his attention. The women all fought for a chance to have his sparkling blue gaze shine on them. If anyone had believed the rumors that the prince of America was despondent, those rumors were purged entirely from their minds. The image of the charming, carefree prince was revived in their minds once more, and everyone walked a little easier.
He didn’t know where that had come from. He was supposed to be asking about Barnes’s whereabouts, not whining about how he had failed to live up to his father’s expectations yet again. Well, there was still some time before midnight. This way, he could waste some time, right?
Since the ice, he hadn’t even talked for this long let alone sing, and he was starting to feel the strain. His vocal cords weren’t working the way they used to; there were a few notes he found he couldn’t reach, and overall it was awkward and clumsy, not at all like the way he used to sing while his mother played the piano. But it was serviceable, and far better than the oppressive silence. He was starting to go hoarse, though.
“What? Why not here? I can’t leave yet. Just tell me what’s going on, Sunset!”
“… See that you do,” his father says. “I, uh…” His father trailed off. He cleared his throat. “Go to sleep,” he said, not unkindly.
With a wishing well,
You call the shots, babe
beat in time with his heart. His thoughts were spiralling downward -- he was a failure, all he ever did was mess up, he would never do anything right in his entire life, he was fundamentally incapable of being good enough to please his father. He would live one day to be a failure of a king, and then he would drag the entire country down with him to some horrible fate. He pitied the citizens of this country, every last one of them, who would have to put up with him as a ruler.
Tony grinned despite himself. “You’re far from a poor girl, Sunset.”
He began to chant words of the spell he had come up with himself, using an old English dictionary, pieces from magic books, and prayers.
We don’t know.
Tony stayed quiet.
Tony flinched, but tried to hide it. “And who the hell are you?”
Steve slammed his trusty, indestructible shield into the barrier over and over again, but nothing worked, and it wasn’t like he could really focus. All his tactical thinking went down the drain as he stared at Tony’s screwed up face, and he couldn’t hear anything but his screams. The armor was being ripped off of him, and Steve felt powerless. He watched as Tony, the bravest man he knew, had every ounce of his defenses striped away from him, until he was left in his tight (weak) (not made for good defense) (
“W-what?”
Soon he was through the room, and was catching up with Barnes. He went after him through the door, and saw the bottom of the man’s black jacket turning around into the next room, and Tony ran to follow him into the room. Tony came up short. Barnes was sitting there in the middle of the room, standing and not moving. Tony had thought that Barnes hadn’t noticed, but he suddenly wasn’t sure. He retreated a bit, hoping to hide behind the door, but then Barnes turned around and smiled right at him.
“Yeah. I don’t know why, but… well, he’s been talking to Barnes a lot lately. I don’t know. I know I’m doing a lot wrong, but I don’t know how to fix it.”
I'll go back to black...
“No, now, you listen. It’s no wonder your father prefers talking to someone like Barnes, who is so much more learned than you and actually knows how to talk to people. I bet he was never found talking to a picture. If you want to get better, you need to do better, Tony. Your father isn’t going to go easy on you just because you’re his son.”
“I’ve never stopped trying to free myself, all of us. Barnes, he… he thinks it’s best to just listen to Rothbart so he’ll go easy on us, but I can’t lose hope. I schemed with some of the other swans, and we managed to steal some of the items from Rothbart’s stash. My mother used to use some small spells, so I have a bit of understanding of magic. We all worked together to set up a spell that was supposed to break me free of the spell, but…” Steve looked embarrassed here. “There was a lock of your hair.”
Dum-E backed away abruptly.
That how I got cynical
And that was the moment when the King shot Tony an almost pitying glance, and Tony’s heart sunk. Why would anyone love him, anyway? He couldn’t think of a single reason, in that moment.
“She must have swiped it right out from under your nose. What idiot takes someone directly to the royal seal?! I can’t believe my own son would be this stupid. And now we can’t find her, so someone out there right now has the power to speak with royal authority.”
“I will! But you have to believe me, love, I can’t tell you here. Please,” she pulled on his arm, “just come with me, we’ll go somewhere private so no one will bother us, and I’ll tell you everything.”
They had… had just
“Tony?” He turned and saw Tony’s body, still in its armor, lying prone on the floor. Steve’s blood turned to ice. “Tony!”
Tony didn’t know if his small amount of knowledge would help him against a centuries-old magician, but he would have the element of surprise. Hopefully, he could make this work.
Tony had no idea how to respond to that. He hung his head.
Pressed slacks, dress shirt, light blue suit jacket, blue and green cravat, gold cufflinks, and Maria’s pocket watch. There was no real reason why Tony took extra care to dress for the ball, since it wouldn’t matter in the end when he finally confronted Barnes or Rothbart, but it was what he defaulted on usually. It was as far from real armor as you could get, but it made him feel safe and protected all the same. With a final look at reflection in the mirror, Tony nodded his head in approval and set off.
“What do you need?”
With jerky movements, he went out the door. He didn’t know where he was going, but he was going to get there fast. All while he walked along the corridors, the thought of
“I’m feeling a distinct lack of appreciation here,” Tony complained. He wasn’t even slurring that badly, the way he did when he first started to regain control over his own body.
“Oh, Tony,” the man sighed. “I wish I had the time to show you how valuable and precious you really are, but time is running out. I’m under a curse, and I desperately need your help to save the kingdom.”
Tony hadn’t seen him since. He was enjoying the silence.
“Come on, let’s get out of here,” Steve said, pulling Tony along.
There was a lock of hair out of place on Steve’s head, and without thinking, Tony reached up and pushed it back. His fingers pressed lightly into Steve’s scalp, and he looked up at him through his long lashes.
“Oh, really?” Obie asked in a soft voice.
Stane took a step back, and made a motion towards Barnes and the swans, but they just stood motionless, staring at Tony.
“No!” In a fit of desperation, Tony pulled out his pistol. Barnes glanced at it, but didn’t give it any other attention. “I know you’re Rothbart. I spoke with Steve, the old soldier that you’ve cursed, and you have to redo the spell here. I’m telling you to stop it.”
All through the limo ride to the ball, Tony reflected on how far he had come, and what he was going to do now. He should find a way to corner Barnes in the ball. If he ever stepped out or went to a secluded place, then Tony would follow him and confront him. He would try to figure out what Rothbart knew and how to break the curse on Steve, using the magic nullifying cuffs Tony had made. It would work, Tony told himself. Just in case it didn’t, he also had a pistol tucked discreetly into his waistband that would do the trick. Tony didn’t let himself wonder what would happen if it didn’t work.
Then he fainted dead away.
Together.”
The man didn’t let go, but pulled Tony in instead, and suddenly Tony was pressed up against a soft, naked chest.
Tony was still lying on the ground, but he wasn’t looking too good. He seemed like he was well on his way to panicking.
Steve wrote down that he did “everything in his power keep Tony calm until the medics arrived.” He didn’t think the debrief needed any more information than that.
“I didn’t… she said…” that she just wanted to look at the royal seal. That she wasn’t going to do anything with it, she was just curious. That she loved Tony. That she always wanted to be with him.
his death bed, dammit. He trusted Steve to save him, and that was just what he was going to do.
to fix the little mess you landed us in.”
Time wore on. Some girls came over to Tony to talk or flirt or ask out to dance, but Tony was getting anxious. He didn’t know what was going to happen next, but he just wanted it to happen now. At one point, he saw from afar his father talking to Barnes, and freaked out. Trying not to draw too much attention to himself, Tony made his way across the ballroom to prevent whatever mischief Barnes was causing. He was delayed by the dancers and the press of people, however, and found that by the time he reached his father, Barnes had already left.
He took out the feather. It was cracked in two places, rumpled and ruined beyond recognition, but still there, in the lining of his coat. He took out the feather and put it there in the middle of the circle. He tweaked a few of the words, whispered a prayer. And tried again.
“Stop talking to me as if you ever cared!” Tony winced. He had said that much louder than he wanted to, but he wasn’t going to stop there. “You came to the palace to ruin us, not to help us. You’re Rothbart, the magician!”
“I’m telling you, he’s lying to us,” Tony tried. “If you don’t believe me, just look at that talisman he’s always carrying around, I guarantee you, you’ll see a magician’s tool—”
Love's a hand-me-down brew
We should be like a couple of hot tomatoes
My odds are stacked
If I ever dared
, Tony decided. There was nothing else for him in this world. He would drown himself in the river in the park, and just… be done. He would sink to the bottom, and lie there in the river, peaceful. It sounded like an amazing way to spend eternity. He didn’t want to be buried in the Royal Burial Ground, where he would have a statue made in his likeness. He would just sink, and let time and nature do its thing, and he would be safe from the touches of mankind. And they from him, he supposed.
Without thinking about it, Steve was at Tony’s side again. “Hey, hey, shh,” he said, in a gentler voice than he would have thought he was capable of. Tony looked at him, but then his eyes focused on a point just beyond Steve. Steve looked behind his shoulder, worried that the monster had got up again or something else had come in, but there was nothing. Was Tony hallucinating? Whatever was happening to him, it wasn’t good.
The arc reactor was twisted in Tony’s chest.
“How long?” He asked. It came out as more of a grunt than he had wanted.
, were about to get a second chance, and then…
Despite all the trouble that these villains had given them, it seemed to be straight sailing so far; they only met two guards on their way to the computer room, and those Steve took out efficiently and quietly with his shield. Guards down, Steve and Tony hurried on until they reached the room.
The King scoffed, and slammed his hand on the desk. Tony jumped. “The seal is gone. Zip. Nada. We checked the security cameras over and over, and the last time anyone had seen it was you and your little squeeze.”
“Tony, what’s gotten into you?” A crease formed between his eyebrows when he frowned. “You’ve been off all night. For a while, actually. I was hoping you’d be over this business now that you’ve left that Bain woman, but you’ve just gotten worse. I—”
“First you had to make that huge scandal with that fag that we spent months cleaning up, and now this. You lost the royal seal.”
The gun fired.
“No!” The man grabbed his arm.
Tony paused, confused.  Then, he had a sudden flashback to all the times Obie had put a small, brightly colored object into his pocket. He would do it in smooth motions, practiced to not draw the eye, and he had been doing them for years without anyone realizing. Magicians often used colorful talismans to help them in their spell-casting.
“I will. I promise,” Tony swore. “Do… are you going to leave now?”
After arguing with the nurses and doctors and his father for a week, he gave up. Every night, he stared up at the sky and watched the moon. Tony liked to imagine, in the long hours of the day filled with staring at walls and avoiding medication, that Steve would come rescue him, but that didn’t seem feasible. How was he going to do that when he was still under Rothbart’s spell? Tony didn’t know, but…
Steve stopped, as a jolt of… of… embarrassment or pleasure or
“Obie.”
Tony hung his head, and didn’t say anything. The King was right, after all.
“Rothbart? The old magician?” Tony turned around and saw his father at his back. “He’s dead, boy, nothing but a legend. What nonsense are you talking about?”
“No!” Steve shouted.
“What the heck is the matter with you?” a harsh, familiar voice says, and Tony flinches with his whole body. Thoughts of dark shadows and being pulled apart enter his mind, but that was just a dream. Starks aren’t afraid of dreams. Starks are made of iron.
All he had to do was kill himself.
Right… there!
Steve relaxed, and he grinned down at Tony. “Help’s here, Tony,” he said softly. He caught his thumb rubbing Tony’s arm. “We can get you looked at now.”
The King left. Tony was left with what felt like a vice crushing his chest, making it impossible to breath. He had known it would hurt, but that didn’t prepare for him feeling like his heart was slowly being ripped into two pieces. He tried to to even out his breathing. He would step out for a minute, he decided. Clear his head a bit, and try and think of some way to fix himself. There had to be something.
Naturally, Tony had tried to do a bit of magic himself, but every attempt failed. He didn’t know if it was because he had no teacher or if he just had no natural ability. He did, however, find little loopholes using machines. Instead of using such fickle things like emotions or inner strength, he used pentagrams and bots to do the work. His first real success had been Dum-E. A little bit of magic had given the bot a bit of soul, and it gave Dum-E a real personality.
, MODOK could
“Hello, Prince Anthony,” the man intoned.
Thor laughed, clapped Tony on the shoulder, then left the room with Jan and the nurse. Steve pushed himself away from the wall so he could follow, but Tony’s voice stopped him.
“Because it’s worthless and no one wants it,” he snarled.
He ached for his picture of Mother, but they had taken that away too. He had tried replicating it in a piece by drawing it on a piece of paper, but the nurses took that away too. The only thing he had really managed to keep for himself was his feather, through a mix of tenacity and cleverness. This they would not take from him.
Sunset smiled back. “I am compared to the royal family! Now look, I know it looked bad, but I promise I’ll explain everything, just as soon as we get out of here.”
“Tony,” he breathed. “What did you do?”
One scotch, one bourbon, one beer
“She’s with me,” Tony said in what he hoped was a firm voice. “And we’re going to--”  Tony turned to look at his girlfriend, only to find that she was gone. Tony froze.
“That’s… you’re amazing, Tony.” Steve smiled at Tony,
He loved this park. He had spent many hours escaping from his own duties right here on the soft grass by the river bank, and he would watch the swans. There were swans that came to the river that the authorities begged people not to feed. They were awkward and weird birds, and could break your arm if you bothered them. Tony loved them wholeheartedly.
Tony ducked his head down.
You're telling everyone I know
I know it's stupid to be mad about the boy
They had had a lovely dinner in a fancy restaurant, and had talked about electronics and the latest developments in the field. Sunset had been charming, hanging off of his every word, and Tony had felt like he was on top of the world, like he was the luckiest man alive. Then Sunset had come home with him, kissed him breathless, and asked for a tour. Tony had dutifully shown her all the beautiful rooms in the palace, but Sunset had seemed less interested in the decour, and more in how much of Tony’s skin she could touch without taking any of his clothes off. But then they reached Tony’s father’s office, and Sunset seemed to perk up.
"Cap?” Tony said, his voice weak. “Remember how far I went to pull your butt out of the fire?”
The words cut him worse than any sword could have. Tony had thought he was used to his father seeing him as little more than a disappointment, but to have his father’s preference for someone he had just met thrust into his face was more than he could bear. Tony looked away, mentioned that he had something urgent he had to take care of, and ran off.
Faced with this heartfelt denial, Tony felt his doubts melt away, and was left feeling a bit guilty. “Oh. I mean… I want to believe you, Sunset, but you’ve been gone so long, you know how that looked…”
A piece of debris, broken off by the monster’s forced entry, fell from the ceiling and landed horrifyingly close to Tony’s face. Tony didn’t so much as twitch. Steve ran to his side.
Tony swallowed, and tried not to pay attention to the heat coiling in his abdomen.
“The dreams,” Tony said dazedly. He thought about what he had read about magic over the years. It was highly unlikely, of course, but if it was a powerful magician like Rothbart… then yeah, theoretically, everything Steve was saying was possible.
It was a lovely night. The air was clear, and the full moon shone as bright as the sun in the sky, shedding its gentle light on her subjects. The moon was kinder than the sun, Tony thought. She allowed whoever wanted to hide to be hidden, and whoever wanted to see could see. The stars shone throughout the sky like a tapestry, the most beautiful and majestic tapestry that no one could buy or sell. It was all he had, but it was turning out to be a good amount.
, too tight and hot, flashed through his chest. He still did not know what to say, so he just threw himself through the door.
That’s why they were here. Horrifying creatures had been appearing seemingly by random all over New York. It had taken them a while to find the source of the horrifying creatures, but here they were, at long last.
And began to sing.
“Come on,” the King turned around and headed back for the stairs. “We need to go fix this mess.”
Tony shuddered and shook his head. He wasn’t thinking about it.
Tony walked up to the bridge rail, and leaned against it. There was  a light breeze tonight, reaching out and playing with his hair. The river rolled slowly past. When he looked down, Tony could see the moon and the stars shining brightly in the reflection of the water. It made him smile, and he got up on the rail with a lighter heart, devoid of the heavy weight that shackled him most days. No one would miss him, he knew. Just one step. He wouldn’t even be falling down — he was rising into the sky.
Tony stood there for a few minutes just absorbing what just happened. His chest felt tight, his head full. He was still holding his hand cradled against his chest, like he was going to treasure the kiss pressed there. When he opened his hand, he found a single, pure white feather. Tony felt a grin come over him, and he turned around to go back where he had come. He felt like he was floating the whole way.
“I never thought you would ever realize what I was doing, much less use magic to get out, but this is the end of your line.” Out from behind Stane stepped Barnes and three other men dressed in the same feathered pants that Steve wore.
Tony was stunned. Obie had always been kinder than Howard, always the one who stood in between Tony and his father’s worse tempers. He had thought that Obie would be on his side for this, but it seemed that Tony’s fuck ups had reached a level that even Obie couldn’t forgive.
“What are you guys talking about?” Tony asked. He tried not to sound accusatory, but he wasn’t sure how well he succeeded. “I’m the one who attends the balls and galas… I’ve been keeping abreast of the political situation.”
“Hey, get back!” the security man shouted, and started running. Tony looked in the direction he was running, and found Sunset’s glossy hair streaming out behind her as she turned a corner at a run.
Steve’s body was curling in on itself, pushing in around Tony’s body, as if to shield him from the world.
Barnes snorted, nastily. “Maybe you haven’t been sleeping because you’ve been boning your girlfriend.”
have a few choice words to say to his son if he found out that Tony was collecting them on the sly. “Just a bit tired. I stayed up all night last night finishing up a project for college, and it’s just been one gala after another this week.” It had been especially boring at the galas, because Sunset wasn’t there to keep him company. Maybe she was just busy recently, but he hadn’t seen her ever since he had shown her the royal seal. She hadn’t been returning his calls or texts. She was probably just busy, though. Dum-E beeped again. “Yeah, it’s a lot, but I can handle it. Dad is counting on me to attend when he can’t, you know? Now come on, I think you’re due for a diagnostic, don’t you think?”
Steve was a blur of motion. He grabbed the knife Tony had used, and ran at Stane. Stane turned and tried to run, but Steve was too fast. The next second, Steve grabbed him and stabbed him right in the heart. Stane gasped, fell to the floor, and writhed. He stared up at the blood-covered Steve in disbelief, and then his face went slack.
“I’m sorry, Father. It, uh, must have been something I ate. Nothing more.” There’s silence. Tony doesn’t chance a glance up. “I’m… I’ll be fine.”
“NO!” Tony shrieked, and took his gun out. Immediately, gasps erupted around the room and everyone backed away. Tony pointed the gun right at Stane. “Let him go!”
Tony’s heart was pushing anxiety through every part of his body, but he did his best to breathe through it. He slowly pulled the book under the table and let it drop to the floor, and reached for a box of tools within reach. DUM-E whirred questioningly. “I, uh, thought that DUM-E needed a check up, so I came down to do that…”
“That I pay for. Yes, I’ll be so glad to buy fifty tons of sushi, just so you and Cap can fill your gullets.”
“Tony, this is James Barnes. He’s going to be helping us
It didn’t work.
Tony trailed off when he felt a nudge. He looked up through bleary eyes to Dum-E tentatively holding out a book. Not just any book, of course, but the story about the knight, Steve Rogers, who defeated the evil magician, Rothbart. It was a beautifully illustrated edition that the had treasured throughout his childhood. Continued to treasure, despite having grown up.
Tony was screaming, face twisting in pain — which Steve could see because the face plate had been
He held his arms out … and…
Tony had never really seen any magical practice for himself. Although he had done extensive research by himself, there were just some places he couldn’t reach because he was the crown prince. He had, however, lucked out at one point: a witch had died, and her descendant sold her book on magic. It had been like a beginner’s guide to magical theory, and Tony had devoured the book from the moment he got it. He learned so much about what magic is and what it consisted of.
“Oh, quite well. I’ve always liked coming out to these fancy parties with their pretty rooms and even prettier girls.” A noblewoman half his age walked by, and Obie smiled at her. “And what about you, my boy?”
Tony sighed. He felt the betrayal right in his chest, beating alongside his heart.
And I tread my troubled track
They went out the door, but before they could go much farther, someone shouted, “Hey!”
Tony never wanted to feel trapped like that again.
“No, that’s not, just listen,”
“Thank you.”
Barnes appeared at his side suddenly. Tony jumped, but wasn’t able to stop Barnes from grabbing his wrists and pointing the gun at the ceiling. They struggled. Barnes was looking far too calm for the situation, and if Tony looked closer, he might have noticed that his eyes were dead and glazed over, but he had more important things to focus on.
“What the hell, Sunset? The royal seal has gone missing, and you went completely AWOL. You haven’t been answering my calls, you completely disappeared--”
Tony went through his routine: cufflinks, tie, waistcoat. He was hardly paying attention, just taking clothes off in his usual fashion. He’d done it so many times, he didn’t even have to think about it. He was trying not to think about it, but his mind was going ahead and connecting dots and solving equations: the unanswered calls, the cancelled dates, the way Sunset had been becoming less and less attentive … until that last date.
I'm on this gig and I can't get off
Tony sidled up to where Stane was taking snacks from the buffet table. “I know who you are,” Tony told Stane.
Steve was running, but he was too late. Tony hesitated in blasting the monster because it was so close to him. All it took was a second, but it was enough for the monster to latch onto his shoulders like a vice, and stab its stinger right into the weak point on his neck.
I just wanna be yours
There was a swan on the banks of the river. Feathers white as snow, neck long and gracefully curved, tapering into a black face and long beak. Its wings were huge, and they were completely opened. With a powerful thrust of its wings, the swan launched itself into the air. Tony watched, transfixed, as the swan soared through the air to land right next to him.
The next moment, Steve was kneeling next to Tony.
Steve seemed to gather himself, and said, “When I figured out that the hair was yours, I thought that Rothbart was probably planning something, something bad. What else would he do with a lock of the crown prince’s hair? I think Rothbart is trying to take over the throne. He’s infiltrated the castle, somehow. We’ve heard him talking about going to the castle, and how no one suspects a thing. He’s been earning the King’s trust all this time, and on the night of the ball, he’s going to cast a spell that will put him in power, somehow. I don’t know the specifics of the spell, but it’s only going to work then because it’s the night of the Winter solstice. At the strike of midnight, he’ll unleash his trap. You must stop him before he does that. He’s such an old, powerful magician, though, so it won’t be easy. He can shapeshift, so he can hide in any shape he wants. I don’t know what shape he takes when going to the castle, unfortunately. You’ll have to look for anyone who has only recently joined the castle, no more than a year. Good luck, and… be careful.”
He pet DUM-E when they weren’t looking, and whispered instructions to him when they weren’t in earshot. He laughed at how his ‘dumb, useless AI’ kept bringing him random junk, like remote controls or little clocks, instead of handing him his coffee or cleaning up. The nurses laughed along. A harmless distraction, he could imagine them saying. He kept it up.
“I--I’m sorry,” he stuttered, “I know I’m not the best judge of character, but I try to … to … I’m doing my best, it’s just, I’ve been so busy with college and everything, and I’ve been so tired, I don’t know…”
Tony spoke the word to summon, and the world went white.
The story of the knight of America, Steve Rogers, was a story near and dear to his heart. He should grow out of it, he knew, but he could never manage it. This was why Sunset thought he was childish. It was just a comfort, even after all this time, to read the story where the main character won in the end, through perseverance and bravery. He was a sucker for happy endings.
Another day, another charity ball. Tony had no idea what the ball was raising money for. He felt like the days were bleeding into each, and there was no time for rest. What he did know was who he had to talk to today to keep good relations up between them, and then maybe he could make an early exit and finally get some sleep. He was talking to an important ambassador when something caught his eye. He turned slightly to get a better view, all while keeping up the stream of small talk with the man. The hair style was different, but Tony would know her anywhere: it was Sunset Bain. She wasn’t wearing her usual dazzling ball gown. She didn’t seem to be trying to stand out at all, in fact, she seemed to be trying to disguise herself as a waitress. Tony felt his heart hammer away in his chest. Why was she disguised like that? Why hadn’t she been answering his calls? Why didn’t she just come to him earlier so they could figure it all out? He had been starting to doubt her in the face of his father’s accusations, but now that Tony could see her, all he wanted to do was just talk to her. It couldn’t be that their whole relationship was built on a lie. Tony felt reassured that they would be able to figure it out if they just talked. As soon he could politely excuse himself, Tony made his way to her.
Tony slipped, and nearly met a painful fate on the hard ground of the bridge, when suddenly there were arms around his waist and his decent halted. Tony looked down, and was suddenly very close to a pair of dazzling blue eyes and high cheekbones. Tony lost his breath, and he couldn’t seem to get it again.
Barnes crashed into Steve, and they both tumbled back into the bedroom.
But you're as cold as yesterday's mashed potatoes
Tony gathered his stolen supplies and set them up around his spacious, sharp-implement free room and set to work. He drew the diagrams, winded his clockwork instruments, and checked his coding one last time. As a last resort, he put the picture of Maria Stark on top of his diagram. Couldn’t hurt. Either Maria would pray for him, or maybe the magic would accept his offering. As it was, it was the final piece of his bridge he had left to burn.
“Have you completely lost your mind—”
Steve stopped more from shock than anything else. He had never heard Tony sound so small and unsure of himself. He turned to look at Tony. Tony must have been thinking the same thing, because he cleared his throat and sat up straighter.
“Tony, sweetheart, you don’t think I actually stole the seal, do you?” She fixed him with her big, brown eyes, and pouted. “I would never do something so horrible. I thought you trusted me!”
“This was… too easy,” Steve muttered. For all the trouble that the monsters had given them, he would have thought that their creators would have been more resistance than this.
A loud cry stopped him.
“Rothbart? That evil sorcerer that mothers use to scare their children?” Barnes scoffed. “What are you talking about, your highness? You’re joking, right? I just stepped out to get a breath of fresh air.”
Finally, three months later, he was ready.
Tony used to have an old magician’s wand, but that was confiscated, of course. Instead, he asked the nurses to let him walk around the palace grounds, where he was able to pick up some sticks of yew tree. Then he had threaded pieces of these into three machines he set up at equal distances around his circle, and hoped it would be good enough. He wondered what he would do if he failed. But that thought lead nowhere good, so he stopped.
Tony stilled completely. “What?” His voice came out weak, just the way his father hated it.
“Well, anyway. We’re going to be holding a ball in a week. All of the eligible noblewomen of the country will be attending. Just pick one, for God’s sake. Even you can’t mess that up, right?”
“Good.”
Hidden in Tony’s room, where no one knew about it, were a bunch of magical tomes. Since childhood, he’d had a fascination with magic and it’s dangers, and he was always looking it up — in secret. His father scoffed at mentions of magic, thinking the illogical art too volatile and unpracticed to ever pose a threat to anyone. It had been centuries since the royal family employed a magician. Americans had never really had much use for magic, considering themselves enlightened people of machinery, and magic got a pretty bad reputation after the experiments and atrocities the world had witnessed by Hitler’s magicians. Overall, it was uncommon to see anyone using even the most basic of magics in America, and rare to see anything stronger.
One room bright and neat
, Steve thought hysterically.
When Sunset Bain had first appeared in his life, Tony had thought he had finally found someone who was really interested in Tony. Not Prince Stark, heir to the throne, but Tony, who had a soft spot for the old fairy tales, who played around with robotics, who had a picture of his late mom in his pocket watch. Tony shook his head, and tried to focus. Tiberius’s goal all along had been to appear on the front page, and Sunset, it now appeared, was just to get the royal seal. Tony was just a door people went through to go somewhere else.
BANG!
He wakes up with a gasp. He sits up ramrod straight, and can’t remember who he is. He heard a name, but whose is it? Where are the shadows, and their master? Did he escape? Is that… is that Dad? Is Dad the one who was pulling him apart?
Tony settled himself into the corner of the elevator, pressing the button impatiently to close the doors but of course, Aldrich read it as an invitation instead of the conclusion Tony hoped for, watching him squeeze between the painfully slow closing doors, teeth grazing over his inner cheek giving it the illusion of hollowness. "Oh, look at that you made it in..." Tony's voice stained to keep his tongue at bay to not antagonise this fan, dammit why is it his name kept slipping his mind. "Yeah, thought we could talk here," Aldrich said, nodding his head with an excited smile. If Tony was un-eased by the situation he wouldn't be able to deny that there's a cuteness to it, definitely the beer goggles talking. The fleeting of Tony's patience once not crossing his features, yet behind yellow shades, narrowing of his hues told of a different story, there was a flush on pasty, blemished cheeks from Aldrich catching Tony staring mistaking it for something other entirely as the depths of A.I.M his own company spilled out of his mouth. "I'm gonna stop you there," Tony dared to step forward, flimsily holding up his palm to the dirty blonde male. "How about you give me your card, actually make that two." Tony started watching Aldrich eagerly take out two cards with the information on the company. "There you go," Aldrich handed over with a beaming smile, taking the two cards from his fingers, slipping the card into that of his pocket. Not uttering a word.
As Tony strides down the hallway, the man from the elevator slowly disappearing from his mind and then completely left his mind when the wooden door pulled back to reveal Maya.
side notes: tony in 1999 was 29. that aldrich killian actually kills maya after the extremis-enhancement and also the founder and ceo of advanced idea mechanics just like depicted in the movie. not going into detail when tony and steve got together because that's another story for a later date, they have been together since 2012, married in 2013 and harley is technically their biological son {so he's seven} ― not going into science cause another solid oof, peter is their adoptive son (tony adopted in 2010 remember the little guy with the iron man mask cause his aunt passed away at the expo attack) and he is 17-years-old.
"Rest my darlin'," Steve muffled against the burnishing of skin from his plump lips. Unwedging his hand from the warmth, lift of his arm to remove himself from Tony, core muscles hoisted his upper body upright, never did his eyes leave Tony's body.
After the mishap from the collision, the giggles and fussing over Tony via everyone around. The clean-shaven male slapped away Happy's hand as the doctor's hands had retreated to his sides. "Happy, stop or I'll give you a week off," Tony said, playfully warning towards the bodyguard who rarely did enjoy taking time off. "Don't be―" Happy started to protest at the idea of having time off as who would look after Tony, the man was that of a walking hazard and Happy felt indebted to Tony for hiring when no one else wanted a bar of the mullet-haired bodyguard. "A month, you want to keep going?" Tony taunted, a soft squeak from the back of Happy's throat caused Tony to grin. This all went down in a matter of moments, it was as if the interaction between Tony and Happy never occurred to those around them and thus he finally turned his undivided attention to the stranger who stood out amongst the crowd, clear that he wasn't here to party but here for the formalities of learning and meeting like mind men and women, unlike Tony's goals for the evening. Tony's met the piercing dark stare of Ho Yinsen, there was no foolish astonishment in the gaze more assessing blanket by an unknown kindness. Invoking Tony to graciously take his honey-lens glasses from his eyes in the same hand that held, not to be impolite even in this drunken state. "Uh, it's fine. What can I do for you specs?" His brow creased together, ready to listen. "I'm Ho Yi―" The doctor started but was unable to finish introducing himself probably from Tony cutting him off as amusement glowed from his features, only hearing what he believed was
poor edits by me, minty.
it was unintelligible nonsense since it has fleeted his mind not too long after his words left his mouth, never once did they register in his mind, so his input was useless, to say the least. Her scoff of laughter when an eager-eyed young man complimented him on the speech, drunken goggles blanket his dark gaze that cut through tinted lens to acknowledge the not-so-much younger male. "Thank you, some minds obscure the reading between the lines," Tony's words slide from his tongue out of a drawing smirk, craning his neck to let his dark hues rest back on the woman who's theories have captivated his drunken hazed mind and to hide the smirk of the dangerously testing man Maya popped the end of her party blower in between his adjusting lips as Tony took the bait, biting down upon the plastic between his teeth, revealing the space between his two front teeth. Happy used his body to block the man from pestering Tony coaxing the stranger to move on. Happy, his walking clock always making Tony debate whether he needs a watch though his eyes never left Maya, studying her as if she was that of a mathematical equation, something missing that stumped him at the very moment of solving her.
Migrating like a herd of animals towards the nearest exit to continue the party upstairs in a more intimate setting, Tony's hand clasped around Maya's much smaller one though in an affectionate gesture more to keep her close by.
Swallowing of the bile that hit over his tastebuds, placing the photo back against the base of the lamp. Steve turned off the light, found himself lingering from his sons' bedrooms as if savouring something before retreating up to his rightful place next to his husband whom coiled inwards to Steve's body, he just held onto his husband with the pendulum swing of woe knocking the sleep out of him. He didn't sleep just took in the beautiful sight of his husband's sleeping form, crow's feet from the happiness that has been shown on Tony's face, facial hair that frame his jawline though it wasn't needed for a jawline like his it did draws the eye of any beholder to his plump lips, Steve's fingers tickled from following along the stabled path to barely curve his finger against the back Tony's ear to put it in simple words, Tony is gorgeous. Steve's forehead pressed against that of Tony's, closing his eyes to breath in Tony.
There is a little chuckle from Harley followed by the shake of his head, causing hairs to drape back over his forehead, making Steve repeat the action. "Nah-uh, just can't sleep," Harley replied to Steve, there a tired lag in drawl out words.
His fingers curled, taut against the laddering of ribs felt through the thin material of Tony's tank top. Never did it cease to amaze Steve how perfectly their bodies fit as one, the crook of his arm resting on his husband's side and neatly his hand tucked between bedding and body. Keep Tony's body as close as possible to his own. His Atlantic blues survey over the relaxed motion of his back muscles moving ever so slightly from breathing in and out snores that softly emit from the parted lips, fondness filled his chest watching how at peace his husband looked in his arms. Steve wouldn't disturb the man's peace, his lips placed a gingerly kiss upon the expose golden skin of Tony's shoulder that brought out an unintelligible hum from the sleeping man, planting of his tongue to hold back the soft laugh at the adorableness of his sleeping husband.
Propellers sliced at nothing but something altogether, air to high tail it out of the line of fire of three unknown helicopters, cameras that hadn’t stopped rolling since arriving at the Malibu mansion of one of Earth’s greatest heroes, Iron Man. Paparazzi had been waiting to get a photo of the man, the legend and not such a myth, accompanied by one of his two sons, the rumours that spread at wildfire capacity at the belief that he and Captain America had broken up, it may have looked that way on the onlookers perspective. The reason why Tony Stark was in town meant nothing and for whirling chops from copters to retreat back as the camera lens stayed of the atrocity of what once was a home, now turned to rubble from the third missile thus designed to kill.
❝ ―let's track this from the beginning.  ❞
think I covered everything if not I'll do a map out on tumblr, of all the ship characters and other important info @tinycoffeebiggun
"So, we'll obviously be going to town on each other after we've tinkered with the equations on..." Tony clicked his fingers to prompt his mind. "Revolutionary process to rewrite genetic codes, corrected?" The mechanic knew he was on the right path of the titillation idea of re-programming a human's genetic coding that was something he toyed with the theorem once with and closed that book. "Uh-huh... Yes, to that of furthering my research and we're not at you getting the key to the town," Maya said flatly to the man with a tip of frown on her lips. A shrill of a chuckle almost unheard over the constant chatter and passing by a speaker, the number of people made spaces tighter allowing Tony to step behind her, purposely his hot breath breezed over soft skin exposed from brunette locks tuck behind her ear. "Strictly professional, I can do that," Tony's hand unclasped from her's hand, the decrease of body heat and the tempter of the room contributed to the crisp nip upon her fingertips that traced across bones, causing her to want his touch back even just for warmth, foolishly playing into Tony's trap as she glanced to her now unprotected hand. His head tilted amused by her but it was short-lived from someone daring enough grasp his upper bicep and the sudden collision lurched forwards from his bodyguard have quite literally caught up to him and the choking sounds from the hazard of the party blower, the hand helped to steady him as he felt the other hand on his chest to catch him. Tony coughed a couple of times while removing the horn from his mouth, gaze tennis between the man and the mullet over his shoulder, Maya had pulled a disappearing act. "Sorry to intrude, Mr Stark." Words that belonged to a polite man, a caring doctor.
The first missile meant to send shockwaves through the structure of the mansion, rattle the metal frame which cement walls clung to and form cracks in the foundation. It had succeeded in that aspect plus the stunning of the occupants within the structure even if adrenaline drowns out the initial shock of the realisation of what is happening made the father scurry sore limbs to draw an invisible line from his nervous system to awaken the autonomous prehensile propulsion suit or Mark XXXIX to encapsulate the most valuable thing in the tumbling structure, his son. Mark XL got blown to smithereens by that of the second impact broke the earthly chains that bound the manmade structure to set it free. Showtime for Mark XLI only to have a shower of bullets from the flying machine above the crack in the ceiling, Tony was without armour on top of crumbling earth, at least his son was protected and out of the rubble raining building, a near-miss of the sofa that aimed for his shins to dive into the briny depths. From overstepping to caught himself, only to step into the secure feeling of metal encompassing his body tightly like that of a hug from a friend, Mark XLII.
Steve went and tucked Harley into bed. It was hard to detach the little fist that clung to his shirt, managed to do just that without waking Harley. He lingered in the room of his youngest son, eyes land on the photo of prodded up against the base of Harley's lamp. In the photo was that of four smiling faces stared back at him, standing on the porch of their Malibu house. It had been three years since this photo was taken, Harley on Steve's left hip and Tony's arm over Peter's hunching slightly over from the two of them laughing hard about a science joke that went over Steve's head. Happiness lies in everything and it comes in many forms to everyone differently, Steve's happiness came from his loved ones being happy. Steve hasn't been able to shake the feeling from the pit of his stomach that left the burn of bile in the back of his throat, whatever this meeting would be tomorrow will rattle that of the loose foundations of the family's happiness. That photo captured the truest form of sunshine, love and happiness proven in the smiles.
Steve saw Tony standing in front of a big halo screen, deciding the final touches for his new suit.
. Instead Tony takes Steve’s hand on his own, “I know that, Steve”, he says, his voice weaker he expected. After a silence he says it, because he can’t just sit in silence “and now, I’m here to help you to get over this. If you accept my help and presence.” Now Tony said it, he wants to help Steve, and he was waiting the feel of regret hit him immediately but it didn’t.
Tony smiles to Steve and leans forward, he can see Steve closing his eyes when he kisses his cheek. When he withdraws his lips from Steve’s skin, he doesn’t back away, he stays there, his face so close to Steve’s, ocean blue eyes staring straight on his. Tony is sure that he can drown in those eyes. Tony moves his head so that their foreheads are touching. He bings his lips closer to Steve’s and waits Steve’s lips to meet his own, soon they do. The kiss doesn’t last long, but after the first, there is another. They are kiss for a while, first the kisses are tiny, careful kisses, both of them testing what it feels like. Then carefully Tony bites Steve’s bottom lip and after that the kisses deepen, making the last kiss deep and long. When they both back away their lips are swollen and they have blush on their cheeks, Steve’s hair is a mess and Tony thinks he looks so good. Still Steve looks sad, the kissing didn’t cheer him up like Tony thought it would’ve. Still Tony smiles to him and gets a forced smile back.
Touch me with your naked hand or touch me with your glove
(Where was Tony?!) He felt something give way under the metal, and the force sent the small body flying. It hit the wall with a thud. Blood was seeping out of its head. Steve turned to look for Tony.
“Bravo, Prince Tony.” Tony whipped his head down the corridor, and found Stane standing there watching the two of them.
The moment the Hulk broke the barrier, Steve couldn’t get to Tony fast enough. The bad guys were leaving, but Steve couldn’t even bring himself to look at them, and never mind that Red Skull was his arch-nemesis that he’d been fighting for years. The team would take care of them. Tony was lying limp and unmoving on the ground. Steve was trying to remember how long a person could last without a working heart. (About four minutes? Oh God, oh God—) He knelt and rolled the man gently onto his back. The hole was even more grotesque and unnatural up close, but Steve didn’t care beyond what that meant for Tony’s chance at survival. Steve brushed the hair out of Tony’s pale face, even though he knew it was pointless. He couldn’t quite get himself to think clearly. He was just about to start barking out orders, even though he had no idea what he was going to say, when Tony stirred in his arms.
“But, I don’t--” Tony trailed off, feeling small and helpless.
Tony set to work. He connected a plug from his suit to the computer, and started the download process. He looked through the data while they waited with his visor flipped up.
“In here!” he called, and went to bang on the door for good measure.
Tony was just privileged to have been a part of it. He loved happy endings.
It's something that I feel
Steve cradled Tony’s face in his hands, and they stared into each other’s eyes like they were staring at their own salvations. “You did,” Steve whispered. “You really did it. I didn’t think you would be able to, but you actually got me out of there.”
“Careful—!”
Tony barely heard him. He tried to intervene in the fight, but one of the swans grabbed hold of him and kept him from moving in a vice-like grip. Tony struggled and swore, but all he could do was watched.
“What is he doing?!”
Steve turned, body naturally settling into a fighting stance with his shield held in front of him, and took in the scene in a moment: there was a monster in the room, some kind of raccoon thing with a scorpion’s tail, and on the ceiling, there was a vent with a monster-sized hole. In the next moment, he was moving. The monster was smaller than the others, about waist-high, but Tony was focused on the computer, so his reaction might be delayed. Steve threw the shield, but the thing was
“Your turn.” Tony smiled.
Tony slashed a deep, clean cut on his wrist. Blood streamed forth from the moment he did so, like it was waiting all this time to be free. Steve lunged to his knees and grabbed Tony’s hands. The knife clattered to the floor. Blood dripped down Steve’s arm, and as they watched, the blood shone. An ethereal, golden chain appeared on Steve’s wrists, and then shattered.
) under-armor suit. And then—
He was never taught to swim, and he has never been so happy about that until now. For the first time in a long time, perhaps the first time since he came into the world and killed his mother, Tony felt calm. Relief. Finally, it was going to be over. No more running after things that weren’t meant for him, no more wondering what it was that he lacked that made him so unloveable, as if he was cursed by some magician. He could just … not be anymore. It was wonderful.
They can't believe that you're in love with me
Finally, Tony slid his eyes back up to Steve. His eyes were wide and terrified, and his breathing was quickening, but that was it. Oh, God, had he been immobilized? That had happened before; one of the monsters had stabbed Pietro and a few civilians. It didn’t have any lasting effect, but whoever was affected were immobilized for a few hours.
The night wore on, but Tony felt his patience fraying. He danced the next dance and then removed himself from the next one, so he could keep a better lookout. Barnes never acknowledged him after that first look. He didn’t even seem to remember that Tony was even there. Instead, he prowled around the room, flirting with every girl he laid his eyes on. He didn’t seem to care what other people thought of him, seeing the way he laid on the flirtations. Tony could hear people whisper and not-so-whisper about him, saying he was crude and over the top and not decent, but no one tried to stop him regardless. Tony watched as Barnes ran his hand up a girl’s thigh, slowly, all while the two smiled at each other with predatory smiles, and felt a thrill of … something. Tony didn’t know what he was feeling, but he was feeling something. Fear, surely.
People were screaming and gasping, and Tony found it hard to focus. He tugged, Barnes tugged, and… then…
“There you are,” the King muttered. He came down the steps into Tony’s workshop. “I’ve been looking everywhere for you. What are you doing down here?”
Tony folded his arms under him and stared up at the moon.
he thinks, shaking his head.
That was when Tony heard the clapping.
“Yes. There were unexpected side effects, I will admit. But maybe this can help us. Please, Tony,” Steve squeezed his hands, “you’re my only hope.”
Steve was a good fighter, Tony could tell, but something was holding him back. Tony, with his understanding of magic and the bond between him and Steve, could see that Stane was using his influence to fight Steve. Steve might have been able to win under his own merits, but he was losing like this. Tony screamed and fought, but to no avail.
Not a sign of people.
Then, standing in front of him, was Steve.
“I… uh…” Tony has nothing to say. His thoughts are being crowded by fear left over from the dream.
He still had the book of spells. He had hidden them behind the ventilator before, and now he put it inside DUM-E, alongside the feather. The nurses allowed him to continue working on DUM-E, thinking it was a good influence on him. Tony noticed the nurses looking unhappy when Tony talked to DUM-E, so he made sure not to talk to DUM-E in an overly affectionate way. Then, they relaxed. That was their mistake, of course, but Tony wasn’t going to complain about that. Tony studied the book in every moment he could, sneaking pages into normal books so the nurses wouldn’t know what he was reading, reading the full copy when he was blessedly alone. He wrote equations along the margins, on the floor, on his hands and arms. He didn’t know how much the nurses knew about mechanics, and he didn’t put it past them to lie or pretend not to know when they knew a lot, so he didn’t leave anything incriminating within reach.
He lifted his hand to brush Steve’s cheek. And then his hand fell away.
Steve blinked. He felt a strange combination of pleased and embarrassed, and had no idea how to respond to that. He went for the obvious.
“Let me go!” Tony yanked at his arm. “Let me go, I need to die, I’m just going insane, I’m rotting from the inside out, if I lost my mind as well, then that’s it, there’s nothing left, I have nothing left—”
There was a soft quiet for a moment, filled only with the sound of water going by under the bridge, and Tony’s panting. Then, “What if I want it?” Asked softly.
When Tony returned home from meeting Steve, the first thing he did was gather up all his magic books. Steve needed him, and he wasn’t going to let him down. He would research everything he could about Rothbart and what this spell might be, and also try and figure out who Rothbart could be. His best best was James Barnes. He had come very recently, and when he did, Obie had started acting strange. That must have been because Barnes was poisoning Obie’s mind against Tony, so that Barnes could ingratiate himself into the palace. He would have to keep an eye on him during the ball, so that he couldn’t sneak off and perform any sort of spell.
, he wants to say,
Steve cries out loud and at the same time Tony starts humming a beautiful melody, his lips pressed on top of Steve’s head, smelling the scent of the man. Tony strokes Steve’s hands and arms with his fingertips and cradles both of them slowly from left to right. When Steve calms down, he falls asleep on Tony’s arms.
Steve took Tony’s hands in his, thumbs caressing Tony’s palms.
Suddenly Steve is hugging Tony, Steve exhales a shuttering breath on Tony’s shoulder when his whole upper body is pressed against the man. Tony wraps his hands around Steve and hugs him back. Steve looked so small, crying there on his bed but now when Tony’s hands are around him, he realizes how huge Steve is compared to himself. Tony feels himself so tiny in Steve’s big hands. Steve grabs the back of Tony’s t-shirt on his hands, like baby crabs a toy, tight, never wanting to let go. He smells the scent of Tony’s shampoo, the scent of Tony, and it feels nice and safe. Tony caresses Steve’s back and hair. He can feel Steve’s tears wetting his shirt and the warm breath against his shoulder, now Steve breaths more evenly and the tense of his muscles is almost gone. Tony feels more warmth inside him.
Tony is sure that Steve doesn’t want his sympathies. He decides just sit there, next to Steve, watching him while he cries silently and beautifully.
Tony crawls on the bed and sits, his back resting to the headboard. He gestures Steve to come and sit on his lap. Steve comes closer and does like Tony wanted. Steve can feel the warmth of Tony when his back hits Tony’s chest and tummy. Tony wraps his hands around him and squeezes him tight, the hug is full of love and warmth and Steve feels safe on Tony’s arms. He feels like he’s going to cry again and he can’t do nothing for the tears that leaves his eyes.
Tony closed his eyes peacefully after holding Steve’s gaze for a moment. He was gone. Steve let his tears fall, he was still holding Tony’s hand when he pressed one last kiss on his warm cheek.
Steve took the pen in his hand and started to draw Tony focusing on his work on the screen.
There were some times when Steve just knew that Tony wasn’t all right. He was pretty worried about Tony, because he hadn’t seen him in a long time. Steve wandered on their room and found Tony from there, sitting on the edge of their bed, tears ran down his cheeks, dropped on his arms and mixed with the blood. Steve had never been so scared, he was scared of loosing Tony, he was sad of Tony feeling like that. But he had to be brave for him.
“Tony… Tony?” he shouted when he reached the engineers workshop.
Steve turns his head and looks up to Tony. He doesn’t look angry or offended, like Tony thought he would. Steve straightens his back looks at Tony. Now the fear is back, Tony wonders if he went too far. Tony rests his hand on his own knees. After he’s done it, Steve touches the back of Tony’s hands with his fingertips, Tony turns his hands so that his palm is now touching Steve’s palm and laces their fingers. Steve looks Tony differently than before, it’s not a bad look, it’s different in a good way. Steve blushes a bit when he shifts closer to Tony.
The grey strands on Tony’s messy hair didn’t bother Steve, Tony was still the most handsome man he had ever seen, even though he looked older. His eyes were still the same chocolate brown and his scent was still the same, familiar coconut. Despite the dust on the battlefield, Steve could still smell that, the scent of safety and home.
“Tony, I promise you, everything will be all right,” Steve whispered, “I will keep you safe.”
Tony listens Steve silently.
He gets an answer from Steve, “yeah, felt amazing”, Steve says out of breath and his cheeks blush some more.
This is the first time Tony sees Steve crying. So this is how he does it, silently, unlike Tony, no sobbing. Just tears, he lets them go from his eyes, his beautiful eyelashes are forming groups because some of the tears are stuck on them. The tears fall down next to his nose, leaving behind tiny streams so it’s easier for next tear to fall. They continue towards his chin and they hang there for a while, fighting against gravity before Steve either wipes them away with the back of his hand or lets them fall down, leaving marks to his jeans.
Tony knows that after this he’s going to regret his decision because the mistakes lead him and Steve to this state. That is the reason why he can’t hold Steve, because they broke all the promises that they made.
“It’s okay Tony, there’s no need to be sorry,” Steve tried to calm Tony down with his words.
Tony wakes up after an hour but he doesn’t feel rested. He’s covered in sweat because he slept with his jeans and hoodie on. He turns to lay on his back and stares at the ceiling. At the same time he starts to listen the environment and he can hear Steve crying in the room next to his. Tony feels bad for Steve, he doesn’t want Steve to be so sad. Tony rises up and walks to the bathroom. He removes the sweaty clothes and throws them in to the washing machine. He decides to take a shower. When the water reaches his skin he can feel the sweat flowing down with it. He washes the dried tears away from his face. He opens his shampoo, the scent fills the room, and he pours some on his hand and strokes it to his hair. He turns the water colder, washes his dried tears and rinses his hair with it.
Now that Tony sees Steve like that, he doesn’t know what to do. If this was a normal situation, Tony would hug Steve, tell him that everything is going to be all right… but… this is not a normal situation… He wants to hug him, hold him there, wipe the dropping tears away with his thumb and after a moment, with the tip of his tongue. He would plant kisses on Steve’s cheek and on top of his head. He would tell that everything is okay now because they are together, they can go through this because they are together.
“Steve, you know that you can feel the emotions you are feeling when I’m with you”, Tony says after a while, “I mean that you don’t have to hide anything.”
Tony wonders if Steve cries often, when Tony’s not around. At nights when he is alone in his room. Is Steve often in pain?
Tony looked at Steve and smiled his usual ‘I am okay but not really’ smile, Steve recognized it immediately. He reached out to the man and rested his hand on his shoulder, comforting him.
After a while they separate. They’re sitting face to face, cross-legged, their knees touching. Tony gazes into Steve’s eyes that are tired from crying. Tony brings his hands up and caresses Steve’s hair. He lovers his hands and wipes Steve’s tears away with his thumb, like he always wanted to do. Steve’s face feels warm and smooth, Tony can feel his sharp cheekbones and jawline, he’s so perfect. Steve leans on Tony’s touch and after that slips his head away from Tony’s hands and rest his forehead on the man’s chest. He wonders what it would feel like if Tony still had the arc reactor. Tony  wonders that too, he’s sure Steve wouldn’t have done it if he still had it. Steve’s thoughts stop when Tony kisses his head. Steve’s breathing stops, Tony’s heartbeat is racing and he wonders if Steve can hear it with his super soldier hearing.
The snap had caused some injuries on Tony’s arm and his face. Steve gazed Tony’s eyes as he crouched in front of the man who he loves. Steve was the only person who could really read Tony’s eyes. This time there was pain in his eyes, the snap hurt Tony physically but the pain reflecting from eyes wasn’t physical, wasn’t caused by the pain in his hand or his face. What caused the pain was the leaving. In past years Tony had learned to love life, to love living. He knew this was his end but for the first time in years, he didn’t want to leave. The pain in his eyes reflected the pain in his heart.
“Don’t want to make find a wife and make a tidy home?”
“Töltött káposzta,” Wanda corrected without looking up.
“All with complicated rules, stipulations, handicaps or weird teams,” Sam cut in.
“Do you all eat together in the mornings?” Scott asked, taking his seat at the table, breakfast now prepared.
The friends, almost brothers, clung to each other a long time after the story ended. Bucky had been mourning for quite a while now, but had never received the comfort he desperately needed, while Tony had refused to mourn. Only Bucky, someone with just as much unshakeable faith in Steve as he, would be able to convince Tony he was gone.
Scott shot up in surprise, hitting his head on what sounded like a metal pipe, and stifled some angry curses before scrambling out of the wall.
“Yeah, well, mad scientist types put me on edge,” Steve muttered.
Sam made a thoughtful noise. “It is weird for him to attack banks and all, but maybe after we tore up most of the Hydra strongholds they’ve been having a harder time getting funding than they used to.”
Tony whined but agreed, as long as Jarvis left him to it and didn't complain about who he chose or how he chose. Jarvis was exasperated but allowed it.
“Rumlow's on the third floor,” Sam reported.
“Can’t say I’m offended by being called Hercules though. Gotta protect the vulnerable,” Steve mused.
The ocean is endless and blue like your eyes and I love you.
“So… Your test is also a lunch break?” Scott asked cautiously.
Sam and Scott grinned at each other from their perch on the roof while Wanda snorted and Steve sighed.
Rumiko, leaning suggestively on the windowsill, smiled. “Yes, I must say we are all immensely interested in how the plants were grown.”
“Thanks Daddy! Have a good day at work with the Avengers! Bye!”
Scott chuckled, feeling far less out-of-place than he had before the entire interaction with Tony. He turned to finish his breakfast where his Fruity Pebbles were probably terribly soggy by now.
“Wow. That’s… I’m honored.”
When no more information was incoming, Natasha nodded. “You did well. You definitely missed plenty of information, but that was one of the best first attempts we’ve had. You got only a couple details wrong. Nice job changing the conversation with subject 4 to a topic you’re so familiar with. Why didn’t you speculate on motivations or personal history for any of these subjects, like you tried to do the last two times?”
There was the sound of a barely stifled punch, a frustrated noise, and then Steve’s rapid footfalls in the opposite direction Tony went, towards what Scott vaguely remembered Friday saying was one of the ways to the roof. He stared at the doorway for a long moment, trying to remember what he had even come into the kitchen for, before giving up and returning to the living room. He did not have
‘Oh, we definitely expect you to help out,” Hope said with a smile. “But we also have a lot to prep before we do anything, and you have a new team to get used to.”
Scott shrugged. “I can’t really get it off of him altogether while he’s wearing that gear. It’s a part of his suit. But it’s good and disarmed, you’d have to dismantle the devices completely in order to fix it to work again, or you’d have to have my tech to reach what I messed up.”
work even harder! Or at least don’t take care of yourself!”
“But I know you had a reason, right? Maybe like on the helicarrier, the stone-“
He trotted downstairs to fund that Steve, Sam and Vision had already gathered. “Morning.”
“Oh, um, yeah, that’s me,” Scott said, cursing his awkwardness. But don’t let anyone tell you that Scott Lang was a coward, because he didn’t instantly shrink and flee from the entire situation. He stood up from his spot at the table and stuck out a hand to the other man to shake. “I’m Ant-Man,” Scott introduced himself and then winced noticeably. This would’ve been the perfect time to introduce himself as some new, epic name rather than Hank Pym's old, unfortunate alias.
“You know, the trying to help people parts. I respect that. If I can help, I definitely want to. Besides, and maybe most importantly, my daughter loves you guys.”
Tony accepted this information thoughtfully. “Anyways, my test for you is a hack simulation.”
“I don’t know what you expect,” Steve asserted stubbornly, completely missing Natasha’s implication that they should be
Scott just nodded mutely, overwhelmed.
“Sam really set a new precedent with resumes for Avengers membership,” Natasha said dryly. “He tossed a file of top secret documents in front of me and Steve, stuffed full with his exploits, while we were hiding from the government in his house.”
<><><><><><>
He was ridiculously difficult to dislike, much to Tony’s chagrin. Tony had the sensitive heart of his mother, even with the sharp tongue of his father, and nothing could protect or prepare him for the genuine goodness Steve unselfishly lived his life sharing with the world. The animals loved the kind lad and his soft voice and tired eyes. Maria and Howard adored him, the village quickly came to know him, and all the farm hands came to respect him.
“Friday, the fact he keeps responding to my emails and sending me ideas of his own is proof he can never turn down new bow modifications, retired or not. Let’s see… Steve’s armor did okay in the fight in Sokovia, but it can be better. Bring up the specs for the new compound I was working on last night.”
“-all kinds of situations designed to force people to be creative and cooperate. We want you to use your abilities in new ways.” Steve continued smoothly.
<><><><>
There was an irritated noise from Steve, and a cheer from Wanda and Sam, but when the players realized Scott was hidden and it was a one-on-one, they were all silent. Scott used the reflective glasses and metals around the room to get a rough idea of where Natasha was, and watched Wanda to further discern her location, because while the others were watching for Scott to appear, Wanda was watching Natasha prowl on the other side. He took a deep breath and flung one ball without waiting to see to aim, and kicked the ball next to him hardly a moment later, in an attempt to confuse. Natasha zeroed in on him the moment the balls went flying, but he was closer than she expected and had to make a split decision on which ball to dodge. She dodged the one he had kicked, which was an illegal shot in the game anyways, but not the one he threw, much to Scott’s delight. But before she was eliminated she flung a ball in retaliation that he was unable to avoid.
“No complaints here,” Steve said, evidently pleased. Natasha inclined her head to agree, and the conversation around the table started up smoothly after that. Scott let the chatter flow over him until his internal turmoil at the memories that had resurfaced had quieted and he could enjoy his lunch.
“I am. In fact, I know who was using the mysterious tech you might be interested in.”
“-where were you today, initially?”
“Like in an ant farm? That shouldn’t be a problem,” Natasha asked, completely ignoring Steve’s disapproving voice.
Scott startled. “Huh? Now?”
Tony flashed him another pleased grin, before flicking his sunglasses back on and making his way back to the door.  “Done, Scott. I really do have to run, or fly, as it is, but you’ll see me around soon enough. I worry that the team is trashing my house while I’m away, and I really can’t resist the urge to science with another person. Yes, Scott, I heard that you’re no slouch with engineering, and I can’t wait to work with someone who’s managed to hack into the Stark Industries main frame in recent years.” Scott paled when he heard that, but Tony only slid his sunglasses down his nose and winked. “Hey, if I can’t defend my servers, then I want to know about it. Your successful hack showed me I needed to strengthen all of the firewalls, led me to invent some great anti-spyware software, and helped me make the money to pay for Black Widow’s latest gear upgrades. Anyways, I’ll be back eventually, feel free to try to get through the server’s defenses again, I want to see how well you do this time.”
Another 20 minutes, and Hope was getting ready to leave, apparently to prep for a meeting with an important business she hoped to take over. Before they parted ways, a thought occurred to Scott.
“Want to drink some water?”
After he saw his family and assured them he wouldn’t do anything drastic, he took Dummy and rode away from the farm.
Steve nodded. “All I’ll say is that you shouldn’t worry about holding back on learning robots. Start the fight!”
Happy nodded to the group before leaving.
She stared at him a long time and he waited for the lecture that was sure to come. She shook her head. “Scott, I used to ask myself why you did the things you did.”
Their conversation passed this way, with Hope and Scott dissecting his decisions. She was suitably impressed with his disarmament skills.
“Approximately 3 hours and 15 minutes.”
He had started to cry, tears silently streaming down his face as he spoke, and when Steve pulled him in for a hug, he broke down into wracking sobs.
When Steve had recovered to a place where he felt guilt for his dismissal of Tony, the other boy had internalized it too deeply. He decided he would act how Steve obviously expected him to act, and proceeded to tease and poke fun at the younger boy, targeting his quiet nature and small size. The orphan was certainly very slight in his early life, bony and frail, prone to falling sick and to terrible bouts of asthma. He was weak in body, but never shirked his work or let others take a disproportionate amount of work.
Steve’s faced was redder than he had ever seen, and Tony could tell he was about to bolt. Feeling abruptly like as ass, Tony doesn’t even think before speaking. “We’ll teach you.”
“I feel like we’re forgetting something we meant to ask him about,” Natasha whispered to Steve, but Steve just shrugged. “How important do you think it is if you forgot it?”
So, I'm going to try to update at least once a week, more if I find a free moment or get hit by a burst of inspiration. College life is hard, guys.
“Why not both?” Vision inquired, sincerely curious.
No one even tried to offer to go instead, as Steve was easily fastest on the farm and Jarvis’s second favorite. While Steve took off for the main house, all the other hands rushed to get everything sorted so they could see the procession approach from up close.
Steve nodded, standing up as the Quinjet came in for a landing. He gave his teammates a hard look. “Drop it, guys. We’ll figure it out.”
“Give your daughter a call,” Sam interrupted him, though not unkindly, and clapped him on the shoulder, inclining his head to indicate a quieter area for him to wait. He smiled and went to fly off when Scott nodded tentatively.
“We are having Totott Kaposta,” Vision explained.
“My love is as endless as the stars.”
This chapter had to be significantly shorter than planned because Scott and Hope just wouldn't shut up (I cropped their conversation to put in later) and I just needed to get this posted.
Tony went still and silent in surprise, before allowing Steve to help him up. “Jarvis is going to be pissed. I’m wearing the shirt he tried to burn last week.”
Tony groaned and whined, and made a big show about inviting “the unrelenting asshole”, but insisted on the two showing up at the house on Sunday morning when Steve tried to back out again. The day of, Bucky trailed an uncomfortable Steve up the walk. When they reached the door, Maria opened the door and gifted them with a small smile. There were two bound leather notebooks and two charcoal sticks on the table next to a large book with worn pages and fabric marking several pages. She breezily ushered them to the table, apologizing to Steve for her rude oversight the last time they talked, and ignored their aghast protests when she told them the expensive tomes were theirs for their studies. They next few hours were spent with Maria assessing what they knew, and filling in gaps of knowledge in the foundation of their background. By the end, the two boys were exhausted but pleased, and Maria calmly closed the bound book she had used years earlier for teaching her own son. She often spent a few days a week teaching Tony, and while she had much of the work of the farm on her shoulders already, especially because Howard didn’t care for any of the daily tasks, she could afford another few hours a week to teach two smart boys. When they tried to tell her she didn’t have to teach them every week, she brushed it off and told them not to miss their classes each week, because Tony learned how to be persistent from her.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m only providing you with pertinent information, no thanks necessary. But you’re welcome."
“You need to eat better, Tony. Some greens and protein would do you good.”
“I want to recruit him to the Avengers and am making sure it wouldn’t be a problem.”
Better a late update than permanent hiatus?
“He already gets it,” Rhodey laughed as Natasha allowed Tony to escape.
They had been stationed for maybe fifteen minutes when Scott figured they had been quiet for long enough.
Then after a whirlwind of a week spent packing, organizing and hashing out all the details with Sam, Hank, and one memorable conversation with Tony Stark’s AI Friday, it was time to move-in.
“Counter-offer, you let us know what the missions are so if you need back-up, you have it.”
“I’m sorry I upset you. I just hate to see the two of you like this,” Bucky pressed on. “You should talk to each other.”
Rhodey nodded faux-solemnly. “I’ll try to remember.”
Scott just groaned.
Her test had Scott in the center of a holographic crowd of people with three targets he had to locate, all three of whom he only had a few characteristics to identify them by. He had to watch who the targets talked to, where they went, and what slight things changed on their person during the duration of the exercise. The second round increased the difficulty by making half of the qualities he was given beforehand be behavioral traits he would have to wait and observe over time in the exercise. He was on the third installment of the test, and while during the first two rounds he did decently well, the third round had him have to do everything from beforehand, plus had him interact with one of the holograms in a conversation.
After another long look, Sam decided he’d let it go for now and returned his gaze to the screen. “Nah, Wanda tried teaching Vision but he lost interest.” Wanda turned at the mention of her name.
“Oh?” Wanda prompted, but Scott just winked at her.
“You like Bruce just fine,” Sam pointed out reasonably.
Scott tilted his head. “I’m missing something. Wouldn’t that be a good thing?”
“So you’ll forgive me if I put myself in danger as an Avenger? ” Scott had to ask. When he started seriously considering accepting the offer, he had been terrified that it was because he had loved being Ant-Man. The adrenaline alone was addicting, and being an Avenger guaranteed excitement and adventure. But if Cassie also thought it was the right thing to do? Maybe Scott could be selfish, but she almost never was.
“If you’re all like that, why do you need me on your team? I’m flattered, believe me, but I can save people as I am right now.”
It was like a dam burst when Tony spoke next. "My work with you guys is not a problem, you know I like to stress out my investors with last minute updates and designs, and I could code in the suit if I wanted to. It’s much more exciting, and when I’m not on active duty, I need all the excitement I can get.” Tony’s flippant babble seemed to be as much a release for Tony, in that he could regain his footing, as it was for Steve, who seemed relieved to have gotten the other to stick around long enough to calm the waters. “And then Pepper will come to yell at me-” Tony stopped awkwardly.
The four turned to look at the new member as one, and Scott was abruptly unsure if he was meant to be there.
The Tony Sulk was an irritable funk he went into after he and Tony had an argument over something dumb, Tony avoided Steve’s attempts to have a heart to heart over something he
“I really don’t know, Sam. I think we’re still on very different pages.” Scott kneaded his forehead. He should’ve known today would suck when he woke up with a headache and to the sounds of Luis trying to put out a waffle fire while Dave and Kurt commented on his technique.
he would want you to be happy.” Bucky tried to back Rhodey up, but was predictably disappointed by the response.
The kitchen was silent as the two stared each other down, until Maggie, surprisingly, looked away first. “Do what you need to do, and know that Cassie and I will support you, whatever your decision is.”
After the famous superhero and philanthropist whisked his way out of the room, his final statements thrown over his shoulder carelessly, Scott found himself inexplicably reminded of how he felt after a long conversation with Luis.
Tony pushed it away clumsily. “I don’t want you to see me like this.”
Steve took a deep breath before heaving himself up. “I’m good. Shrink and grab on, let’s go.”
"The Stark Farm? As a full time farm hand?” Boy, was it a lovely thought for Peter. Learn more about engineering from the local celebrity inventor? Leave his town with the bullies and the boredom?
Maggie briefly smiled at the quip, but was grim as she processed the information. “So long missions that could happen at any time, a salary increase, and a greater likelihood that you’ll be in danger,” she paraphrased neatly.
“We’ll find out.”
“I miss her so much. God, I miss my Mom. I don’t- I wanted to make her proud and to make her smile and- and now I can’t-”
Despite the fact that it was actually his tower and home long before the Avengers moved in, it turned out Sam was right. Scott hadn’t seen a hair of the famous billionaire since he joined the team. Well, it wasn’t really like he joined. It would be more apt to say coerced, blackmailed, seduced or even bribed into the team before saying he was “invited” to join. The whole situation from the beginning had been confusing and more than a little alarming. Even when basically saving the world with Hope and Hank, Scott had never imagined joining the Avengers and going public with his acts of heroism. Being recognized for his good (though vigilante) deeds usually didn’t end well for him. (Even the judge for his case was unhappy about sending Scott to prison. VistaCorp was a shitty company and everyone knew it.) That alone made Scott wary of Sam’s intentions when the flier called him up with an invitation. The memories of how his coming here came to pass flashed through his head, starting with the fateful call from two weeks ago.
The group couldn’t help but be pleased at how genuine the awe sounded. It spoke favorably for Scott’s long-term place on the team. He also looked like he had a lot of questions, but was still recovering from the onslaught of introductions.
“I did my best, but Vision prefers to watch.” The being in question inclined his head in what seemed to be his equivalent of a shrug.
Tony remembered hearing Steve say “I love you,” and collapsed.
This same day, the smartest person on the world was the most trusted advisor to the Attilan royal family, a man named Karnak. He had learned the weaknesses to all things, giving his knowledge to the family of Attilan who recognized both the blessing and the curse to his skills. Because he saw how to overcome any potential defeat, he had figured out how to avoid death, if he pleased. His knowledge made him cold, but never cruel. His strengths taxed him like no other being could, and it was said that he finally knew peace when he allowed death to take him.
“Tea would be nice,” he said gratefully, and smiled as he took his place at the table and watched Maggie pour him a mug of hot water. She didn’t need to ask which tea bag, and grabbed his usual for late nights spent working before bringing the beverage back to the table. After a pause while Scott made his tea and Maggie returned to hers, she gave him an expectant look.
“Cause his name is Crossbones,” Sam explained. When Scott just stared at him, Sam tried to hide his chuckles. “Tony thinks he’s really funny.”
“More like
“I love how we always end up arguing,” Tony teased.
“Don’t even worry, I made a robot, Wanda helped the robot, and Natasha is ex-Russian special ops. You won’t be that hard to win the public over with.”
“It does. Are there any complaints or reasons for me not to accept Scott Lang as a member?”
Tony staggered to a seat and sat down heavily. “Holy shit, Wilson. if you met him when he was robbing me... He needed one of my inventions for the fight.”
“God, Steve, I love you more than birds love the sky.”
As soon as he realized that Steve thought he meant the nickname he called him, he stopped him. Tony didn’t often call him by name, often calling him farm boy, but felt abruptly terrible for it. “No, I mean your real name, Steve.”
“Either them, Nigeria, or the UN. They’ll argue about jurisdiction,” Steve explained.
Scott laughed, half out of relief and half out of the sheer shock of imagining the intimidating fighters eating children’s cereal. "Thanks, Friday."
Stark froze and slowly turned to Sam, mouth hanging open, hands frozen mid-agitated gesture, once again struck speechless. Sam would feel bad if he wasn’t so smug.
“Do you really even have to ask?” Tony had apparently recovered from his shock and seemed caught between laughing at Sam and pulling at his hair in exasperation.
Tony pulled a tablet seemingly out of thin air and tapped at a few things. “You will have a few forms to sign and some other boring bureaucratic stuff to do, but I’m already emailing that over and most of its filled out already with what you, your records, and Friday provided. I'll send your info to PR too."
“And there’s ice cream,” Wanda added delightedly.
Day six in the Avengers compound, and Scott was sporting seven new bruises, a pulled calf muscle, a migraine, and had serious bags under his eyes. (When he complained of this to Sam, Sam just told him to be glad nothing was broken.) He had also helped apprehend an international terrorist when the Halloween reject was attempting to steal a potent biological weapon, and then stayed in Lagos for the next five hours as local and international police converged on the scene of the battle. The whole affair probably counted as his Avengers debut. The evening had been much slower in comparison, as the group exhaustively debriefed after dinner, before Tony explained the international response during dessert. After the ice cream ran out, Steve dismissed them, and everyone either lay out in the living room, or returned to their rooms. Wanda and VIsion started doing the dishes, while Steve and Tony pulled Scott aside. They explained that his official announcement of membership in the Avengers has been understandably moved to the much nearer future, and that he should prepare for scrutiny.
There was no doubt that this was an age of people of great character and beauty alike.
Sam’s spirits lifted at the text from Tony, and when he checked his email, he found a message from Steve, who was more than pleased about what he read in Scott’s file. The hero brushed off thinking about what still needed to be done in favor of celebrating for a bit. After all, he succeeded in phase one. Next he had to convince Scott that he wanted to be an Avenger as badly as they wanted him to be an Avenger.
Scott shifted uneasily now that everyone was looking at him curiously. “Just wondering.”
Sam let out an undignified giggle, and Steve turned to him with a raised eyebrow. “Think that’s funny?”
When he didn’t receive a letter for the longest stretch yet, he remembered how Steve had once lifted the farm wagon by himself, and carried Dummy when he got sick.
Sam gaped at Scott and faux staggered to Natasha, who easily avoided his attempt to lean on her with a smirk. Steve stepped up instead, laughing as Sam covered his face dramatically. “After all I did for him… He turns on me.”
Since then, Tony would do odd jobs for the village, making the tiny town famous among their considerably larger neighbors, and gathering undue attention. His more elaborate installations would gather a crowd, and became a sort of recurring festival. When Tony finished a new improvement, the townspeople brought food and games.
“Hey, college, am I right?”
He shimmied down the pole and strode over to his teammates, eager to meet another iconic hero.
“Yeah? And what did you decide?” He asked, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to know.
Maggie huffed irritably nonetheless, but didn’t call her fiancé back. (Scott didn’t blame her for resenting him. He put his ex-wife through a lot of shit, and she had to raise Cassie alone for a long time. He resented himself for it. But that’d never excuse what he did, and they both knew he wouldn’t change the fact that he exposed VistaCorp. All he’d change was how he did the crime, so as not to get caught this time.)
Author’s Note:
Scott smiled. “The one and only. Apparently, I caught someone’s eye when I took care of business.”
“My tech doesn’t need upgrading,” Scott defended loyally. While Hank’s refusal to take Scott’s input and ideas seriously, or his refusal to even consider that his designs could be improved upon was frustrating, Hank Pym was still the genius who allowed Scott to see his daughter again and he’d stand up for the older man.
“I’m still not over it, who just puts a vial in a case with a big sign declaring it’s dangerous?! Shouldn’t it be locked up so no one without the appropriate codes can access it?” Scott yelled, even as he ran to where goons were converging around Natasha.
Scott jogged and caught them at the door, questions on his lips. “Yeah, I was in here, it’s just a massive empty room, right?”
“At least we can hope that the media will be distracted from researching Scott too much,” Natasha commented.
Tony scowled, but a few weeks later, Tony ran into Steve outside the barn, and had Steve bring him Dum – E’s saddlebag to his workshop. Very few were allowed in, but Dum – E, Rhodey, his mom, and Steve all earned rare invitations. When Steve apprehensively arrived, Tony started into his usual chatter and informed Steve he may as well stay because this invention required heavy lifting and Steve could be useful. (Rhodey was working on getting Tony to be honest about his feelings, but it was an uphill battle.) A couple hours in, Steve was still engrossed and awed by everything Tony was chattering about. When Tony figured out what wasn’t working properly in his current project, he asked Steve to note the error for him on the parchment out of his reach. The boy flushed, and Tony’s conversation with his mom suddenly resurfaced in his memories. When Steve offers to just bring it over instead, Tony cuts him off. “You can’t write, can you?”
“It was actually three nights ago, sir.”
------
When Scott finally returned to solid ground he was rewarded with a water bottle and a break. “Not bad, Scott!  When faced with obstacles you may not have had the strength, balance, or skill to easily pass, you managed to get by with powers or with good old-fashioned ingenuity. You were a bit slow, but these were only your first attempts. We can work on all of that,” Steve assured him cheerfully.
Tony almost didn’t let go when Rhodey stepped away to join the group of other men being taken to the castle for training, but gave his friend the honor of respecting his choice. He would miss Rhodey horribly, but Rhodey wrote whenever he could. (Rhodey was a responsible sort of son and friend, and his mother was quite fond of Tony herself. Whenever he wrote home, she would hold onto Tony’s letter till he next came in to town.)
It was inordinately difficult, and Scott patted himself on the back for steering the conversation to his daughter, a subject he could talk about while half asleep or drugged. He had just watched the final subject disappear into a holographic coffee shop when the lights changed and the simulation came to an end.
“You’re gonna have to do some press conferences. The team will be with you for most of them, but defending how they go we may schedule some individual interviews on late night TV or in a paper or something,” Tony said, absently flipping through what seemed like schedules and profiles on his tablet.
“Also, Scott, I don't quite feel right throwing my lot in with theirs right now, especially considering my new position and the questions Dad and I are already dodging.”
There was quiet on the line before everyone, (except Steve who was understandably trying to avoid getting his face pounded in,) said as one, “What?”
“How does Tony choose his restaurants when he’s not here?” Scott asked curiously.
Scott nodded sharply before he shrunk down and clambered through the various protective layers of the simulation’s central server.
“I’m not messing around here, Sam, what did you find out? The tech involved in that incident is horrifyingly powerful and the person who invented it isn’t fond of outsider involvement or oversight,” Tony was obviously agitated, all his consonants and words bit out. He didn’t even sit down, and started pacing. “How did you find out about the tech? Hell, how could you find out the person even existed afterwards? Friday and I scoured every resource available to us and turned up nothing.”
Hope stopped at her car and stared at him. “Please tell me you aren't asking about the love lives of my competitors.”
“You already do that alone, right?” Cassie wasn’t bitter or angry when she said that, simply honest and direct, but Scott still wanted to squirm under her gaze. There wasn’t anything to say to that, and that was the end of it. Cassie had decided he should be an Avenger.
Scott beamed, genuinely amazed by his fortune. When he echoed Steve at a near yell, he could tell everyone was amused, but he didn’t feel silly about it. The photo was taken, Friday sent it to his phone, and the group either pestered him for photos of his daughter or wandered off to get another drink.
“If you’d like, Scott, I believe Sam and Natasha were going to watch a movie in the living room. The others will likely also be in the area, as Wanda and Steve often read in the communal rooms after a meal.”
“Are you sure? I can help-“ Scott began, not willing to admit how something in him wanted to cry in relief at the offer.
“We agree on things!” Steve argued.
“Yes sir.” The AI was quiet and Sam began his retreat from the room, hastened by the sight of Tony’s spine curved in defeat. It wasn’t something Tony wanted others to see, and Sam was beginning to think he knew why. He just didn’t understand why Tony was still so afraid to show people how deeply he felt things.
“Sure do. Three kids. I trust you can keep a secret?”
He shook his head. “I could use another scientist around to help.” He then snorted. “Or some Vibranium, but that’s not going to happen if the Wakandans keep acting like fucking Tolkein dwarves-“
“You should be. But yeah, ask away with your questions about superheroing when you have a family at home, I'm sure you have a lot of them. Least I can do for a poor soul being dragged onto the team."
Scott dropped his bag with his supplies down and considered how to explain. “Well, I have a suit designed by Hank Pym that allows me to change the distance between atoms. Basically, I shrink in size but increase in strength.”
“Not necessarily? Only dinner is a required team meal. But with the way our schedules often align, and with missions… Besides, we’re still getting to know you,” Sam explained, sipping his coffee as he spoke.
It mostly went off without a hitch, except for a moment when Tony started to worry about the delay and restarted the system before Rhodey reminded him of the fact that the lake was far away and Tony himself had told Rhodey it would take a while to bring the water. The whole town was amazed when the plumbing served to independently hydrate the fields, and Tony started getting more requests for inventions.
“While we’re talking about your phone- I really should have thought about the phone thing before now- expect a unknown phone number to call you later. Friday can automatically screen your calls and let you know when the unknown number calling your phone is cleared,” Tony added.
Scott waved a hand vaguely in the air, as if trying to brush off the accomplishment, before ignoring it completely in favor of pushing the debris closer to the wall. “The server is fine right now, and I can pick up where I left off later. Friday is watching everything anyways, right?”
“As much fun as that sounds, I’ll politely decline.”
Jarvis fretted, Peter reluctantly fixed the machines himself, and Rhodey and Bucky insisted on bringing food by periodically, but Tony stayed on the bluffs, alone, for a week.
“Friday, did you contact Rhodey, Vision or Tony? We’ll need orders to have Rumlow extradited to America soil. I have some questions for him. Also, check the databases available to you on these men who were aiding him. Are they all Hydra believers?” Steve took back control of the situation.
Scott composed himself with difficulty before responding, “Is that so?”
The trio deposited their stuff in the armory, previous argument left behind them for now in favor of arguing over who did the best in the fight earlier. Just when they had finished changing out of uniform and storing their respective gear, in walked Scarlet Witch, followed by Vision. Everyone exchanged greetings cheerfully, and Steve came to stand by Wanda as she took off her usual gear. Vision phased through the wall dramatically, like the show-off he denies he is, to put on some normal clothes.
Steve recoiled a bit in surprise. “You did?”
“We do have official movie nights,” Vision said helpfully. “AS you saw last night, they will often bet with their rights to pick the movie.”
“And the rest of our team?” Steve continued.
Tony fled. Bucky called after him, but Tony was out the door in a flash. Not entirely because he was embarrassed, despite what Bucky must have assumed, but because he was suddenly overwhelmed. In reality, as Tony had been processing how much he resented someone else getting Steve’s perfect smile, and was still starting to decipher his, up till now, confusing feelings. He had this budding fear there was something much bigger behind his resentment and jealousy, because he was able to realize he was jealous, and Bucky’s inference was just the final straw that broke the camel’s back.
After his therapeutic talk with his daughter, Scott was able to find the strength to stagger to his feet and make his way to where, by now, all the local mercenaries had been loaded into police cars. Wanda and Sam had disappeared at some point with the hydra operatives, while Natasha was on Rumlow duty.
“You’re a full Avenger now,” Natasha said with a genuine smile.
“Colonel Rhodes will arrive as soon as possible with paperwork to transfer Crossbones into Avengers custody,” Friday dutifully informed them.
“You have a family too?”
But before Scott divulged anything more, he suddenly remembered Tony’s voice the night before when telling a teammate he knew a lot longer than Scott something in confidence. Scott paused to consider this, and it occurred to him he shouldn't tell his teammate's business rival his relationship status, even if he was fond of her. He knew that he'd never quite learn restraint when it came to scurrying out secrets, but he could choose how he used the info he discovered. Besides, Hope would be rightfully upset if he continued asking her inappropriate questions about her rivals and his new teammates. He’ll just wait to ask Sam later.
For breakfast, I imagine everyone fends for themselves whenever they wake up, unless there had been a late night the day before. As in a REALLY late night, where they drink till 4 am or where a bunch of them couldn’t sleep. After those nights, Steve cooks because he doesn’t sleep much anyways, and doesn’t get drunk. His blueberry pancakes are good for the soul.
“Well, that is promising news!” Tony grinned.
Happy New Year! I can still say that, right? It’s only- *checks calendar* holy shit, it’s July? Um.
“Absolutely not! Are you crazy? Living in a building where that madman could get his hands on my discoveries at any time? No, I cannot support this.”
In response the A.I. played back Tony’s earlier statement. “Feel free to try to get through the server’s defenses again, I want to see how well you do this time.”
The older man shrugged and made as if to leave, saying “I’m not going to force anyone to -“ before he was stopped short by Steve’s hand on his arm. It wasn’t forceful or a grab, just a cautious touch, but it shut Tony up instantly. Something in Scott hurt at the tension coiled in every fiber of Tony’s body, and he made a note to never surprise Tony with any sort of aggressive motions. Steve had probably learned that the hard way. Tony still looked like he was considering fleeing the entire situation, but Steve spoke before he could.
“No, that was my friends at home and my paranoia born from life experience. Dave has signed awful contracts on accident, Luis and I went through several prison initiations, and really, Kurt’s stories about cults and Russia are terrifying,” Scott explained.
“Tony didn’t scare him off yet?” Natasha asked wryly.
There were others who would be known the planet around while Anthony lived, such as the revolutionary doctor called strange by the people, the inventor experimenting with chemicals and magic, Pym, employed at the same castle Howard often worked for, a man with the form of a blue beast who worked for the royal family of Attilan, and a woman said to glitter like diamonds who was able to know anything another knew. Warriors of such impossible beauty that the unlikely nature of their existence could only be further compounded by their absurd potential for strength. A woman with blades of purple light, a hero king who punctuated his blows with a hammer, a woman who drained the energy of humans, intentionally or not.
When he awoke, Bucky was asleep in the chair next to his bed. Tony absently noted how much weight Bucky had lost, how long his hair had gotten, how relieved he was that his friend had come home, and how making him a new arm would be an interesting challenge.
“He even tagged Natasha out in dodgeball,” Wanda added.
The Countess rolled her eyes so hard Tony noticed it, and felt a flash of appreciation for the aura she projected.
“Don’t mind if I do. I can pretend not to be able to take any calls and hear about how Scott conquered my obstacle course all at once.”
“I wonder what that says about your life,” Wanda pondered.
Sam chuckled. “He really is. Smart fighter, too. I made up a file for him that I sent to your inbox for you to look over.”
“Me? I told you they’d like you, Daddy!”
“Say… Avengers!” Steve called out, the group echoing him with varying levels of cheerful sarcasm.
The three assured each other they were unharmed, and Sam arrived, with Natasha in tow, soon after Wanda had.
“Töltött káposzta,” Vision echoed determinedly. “And… Sóskaleves?”
Oh, and definitely go see Spiderman Homecoming, for it revived my spirit and provided plenty of ideas for later chapters! Not to mention that I have a secret weakness for Superfamily Stony things, so. Hope springs eternal.
Only when he stopped, breathless and terrified, did he let himself look at Steve’s face. He felt his heart plummet past his feet at the blatant shock he saw.
Sam gave him half a smile. “Never enough of us, right?”
Beta'd by
Natasha stood and began to make her way out, pausing for a second to wait for Sam to pick himself up and drag his hands down his face in frustration.
“If you’re asking if we would be able to talk throughout the day for reasons other than the strictly practical, then yes we can. As long as it does not interfere with other protocols I must undertake,” Friday seemed both baffled and amused. Scott scratched his cheek, unsure if he should feel embarrassed or not.
Thoroughly exhausted now, Scott turned to Steve, who was looking off at the door expectantly. “Is that the last test today?” Steve almost seemed startled when Scott spoke, but met his eyes and chuckled. “Well, not exactly. We had another person coming-“
Tony squawked when Bucky put him in a headlock and started ruffling his hair. “You always gotta get the last word, huh?”
“It occurred to me a couple days ago that I’ve been in love with you for longer than I can remember, and that all of the overwhelming emotions I feel around you and no one else are actually symptoms of this madness. I wake up every morning and wonder what you’re doing. I create something and want to show you before anyone else. I say anything to make you laugh or smile, I do whatever it takes to hold your attention a moment longer, I’d give anything to bring you joy, when you succeed I feel victorious, and every time you discover something new I feel as if I’ve learned it along with you. I share more and more of myself with you then I could ever share with anyone else, and I’m frankly horrified that I went this long without realizing how gone I am on you, Steve. I’d forgive you anything. God, Steve. How could I not be in love with you? I never thought I could be happy, but you are my happiness. Your humor, your wit, your kindness, your strength, your refusal to see anything but the best in someone, I just- I’m continually outdone by my love for you and I don’t know if it’ll ever stop growing. I can’t even stop myself from babbling, which isn’t new, but telling you I love you is a need I didn’t even realize I had. Looking at you, I know I won’t ever want to stop. Please say something, Steve. Tell me something about what you’re thinking. I know I’ve been horrible to you, but could you forgive me my confusion? I’m not generous, or warm, or open like you are. I’m not good at people like you are, and I can’t read your mind like I wish I could. I’m no Peggy, hell, or even Bucky. I was given hope and you know I’ll always take a mile when given an inch. Steve, I love you. What do you say?”
“I’m coming, right?” Scott said, hovering awkwardly near the door as Wanda passed by.
Jarvis wisely stayed out of the house most of the day.
Tony’s smile dimmed a bit, and he tapped his fingers on his chest, seemingly unconsciously, before blurting out, “Pepper and I broke up.”
They all responded to Tony’s absurd claim with dismay, outraged by the idea and horrified on Steve’s behalf that Tony would take the blame this way, Bucky most fiercely upset of all, but their words fell on deaf ears.
It is said that some moments defy explanation. Occurrences the world shifts to better accommodate, points in time so notable and existence changing that the effects ripple through to touch multiple universes. In the history of the world, there have been six of these indefinable singularities, so powerful and moving that this universe, and many others, shook with it. This kiss put them all to shame.
“You know I care about you, right? Take Steve out of this picture for a sec, ‘cause I’m your friend no matter what. I love you, Tones.”
Steve was reverent when he took the shield, and was stunned by how light the shield was. “Tony, of course! It’s incredible! I don’t even know what to say-” He seemed to abruptly remember something, smiled, and swooped in for a kiss. Some indeterminable length of time later, Steve drew away, despite how Tony made a noise protesting the sudden distance and leaned up to start again. Steve could barely believe he had gotten to this place in his life. “You’re incredible, Tony. The most amazing person I’ll ever meet.”
“The only “mad scientist type” that gets under your skin is Tony, let’s be perfectly clear here.”
The honorific was tacked on, and she felt her lips twitch into a smile. “Call me Peggy, please. I tend to find that affairs such as this are a group affair, and your farm has grown considerably in both fame and production these past few years. Can you grant us insight?”
“I have faith in you, Rhodey. That’s why I need you to be okay.” Tony didn’t say how he feared for his friend because he knew exactly what sort of weapons would be used against him, as he had seen his father’s designs.
People had already started traveling to see his inventions when he was still 15 years old, and by the time he had grown into the man he was, people came based on the legend of his inventions and stayed for the man. Wild and mischievous, devious and animated, full of life and bursting with ideas, he was breathtaking when showing off his passions.
"Holy shit. Holy- Rich people." Scott breathed it out like an expletive. Sam had to agree.
Scott imitated the seriousness of her delivery. “That is all very true. So I can help people and have someone to help me.”
“It could work…” Tony muttered. “Friday, go through my contacts and look into freelance reporters who might want an inside scoop from an anonymous source. We can make this work, you’ll just have to confirm a story at our biggest press conference.”
“I may not move things with my mind, but you can’t shoot what you can’t see,” Scott added.
Long note incoming:
“Steve Rogers recognized. Welcome Captain.” Friday’s voice came on over the intercom as the team meandered into the main room.
He was still leaning against a tree just out of sight of Tony’s door, and was unsurprised when Tony snuck out with Dummy and started his usual path to the cliffs. Bucky was resigned to have to try to intercept Tony on foot a ways outside of the farm on his return, when Jarvis appeared holding the reins of one of the family horses.
“That truck's loaded for max weight. And the driver's armed.”
“What? What’s wrong with Peggy?”
“Friday, focus in on Tasha there, yeah, I was right, she still needs greater mobility in that terrain, make a note in her file and remind me later to talk to her about new gear she might want. Skip to sector 4 of the fight and find Clint when- yeah, thanks Friday, when he uses his last explosive arrow. Goddamn, I know he likes the bow but I wish he could use a weapon that didn’t have such limited ammunition. You have the fabrication units running in the basement with that new bow design, right? The one that he can switch into a melee weapon? I still don’t know what we can call it.”
When Tony cleared his own throat pointedly, Rhodey snorted. “Do not expect him to give you the same credit, Tones. Steve is a nice guy, but he ain’t a liar.”
The team leader chuckled. “Probably more often than we should. But no.”
“We have a shared schedule that Friday manages for us,” Natasha interjected. “If you tell her to, she can add your plans to it to keep everyone updated as well.”
But of course, Steve was still Steve, even across an ocean, and when a hateful dictator took power in Prussia and attacked Genosha, Steve volunteered to join their military.
The voice in his head that sounds like Maggie suggested the gratitude may not have just been for his diversion, but the day as a whole.
His attention shifted when Scott ambled in, hand lifted in greeting. “Good morning, Scott.”
“Yeah. No, I’m good! I’m good, Sam, let’s go.” Sam took him at his word and leaped off the building.
“I’m fine now, I figured out it’s an electric trigger and not time based, I can disarm it,” he responded distractedly.
this man before he got a
Steve’s challenge was another of the refreshingly straightforward ones. Scott was going to fight one of the training bots, which flew out from another of those hidden compartments. (All these nooks and crannies made Scott itch to explore.) He’d have three bouts against the robot.
Sam swung an arm around Scott’s shoulders before steering him up the stairs. “Just ‘cause the chief has already agreed to make you a member doesn’t mean you get out of our traditions. Like Tasha said, we do have initiations. One being getting your ass kicked at poker by the lovely lady in question.”
When Scott and Sam walked into the kitchen, the team had already set the table and were in the process of getting settled with their boxes of Chinese take-out (Every sensible Avenger liked Chinese food.) Sam went to take his usual place next to Steve and waved the newest member to sit in the open seat on his right. “Rhodes and Tony have seats whenever they show up, but these are our usual spots.”
“Hold your temper this time, you’re going to have to get used to this one way or another.”
Scott filed that surprising information away to think about later, and grinned at where he hypothesized the surveillance camera was placed. “Let me know if I ever start to bother you Friday, because I’ll probably talk to you a lot. And often.”
Scott shook his head once, baffled. A billionaire just told him to address him by his first name. Surreal. While Hank was also crazy rich, there was a fame and notoriety to the engineer that makes even the reclusive mystery Hank is pale in comparison to Tony Stark. One of the things
Tony rubbed at his eyes again, and when he next spoke he sounded old beyond his years. “I’m never going to stop getting people killed, huh.” It wasn’t a question, and Friday seemed to know it. She was quiet. Sam wasn’t even sure Tony meant to say it out loud.
“You guess right, Steve,” Sam cheerfully informed him and leaned back on the desk. “But before I extended an invitation, I wanted to get your permission and hash some of the details out.”
“You missed quite the spectacle,” Vision remarked.
“Wow- I- I’m honored guys, really. I don’t even know what to say- I’m just… I’m so  happy that you guys offered the membership to me, and then all this food, and the building and... I think I’m so overwhelmed I’m starting to babble,” Scott said, flushed red. The group just gathered closer to pat Scott on the back, congratulate him, or ruffle his hair, if you’re Sam.
Bucky groaned dramatically and pulled Tony into a real hug. “Oh shut up with that, you’re great. Always pretending like you aren’t being helpful. Your birthday gifts are always the best, too. Even if you’re a know-it-all, you’re a generous know-it-all.”
Steve nodded. “It is your compound.”
Tony was listening quietly, slowly relaxing as he did so.
Wanda went back to walking and Steve hopped off the motorcycle as they neared Lagos.
Scott looked around, suddenly aware he had lost sight of Natasha. He mercifully didn’t flinch too violently when she spoke from directly behind him.
My beta reader, dontcallmeking, suggested I start adding lists of little head-canons to the bottom of my updates instead of taking ages trying to weave every single one of my head-canons into the chapters themselves. If you like these little lists and ramblings, let me know! If you don’t like them, you can always skip them. Either way, don’t worry, I’ll still add plenty of stuff to the chapters themselves as well.
❝ It started in Bern, Switzerland. 1999. The old days. I never thought they'd come back to bite me. Why would they? ❞
trigger warnings : murder insinuated, two times there are fade-outs of what would've been sexual interactions but because it wasn't Steve and Tony - I didn't write about them.
Tranquillity has befallen over Stark Tower, Steve breathed in the calm atmosphere with every descending step until steps became level on the cooling tiles of the party deck level, really it was that of an overly large spaced out living room that held coziness for the evenings entails from the coloured filled drawings and notes that scattered over the stretched out the coffee table and the strewn of Peter's mask, blankets coiled in scrolls and the mugs tacted with white foam, slightly sour scent of milk infused with lavender, brought a sentimental smile on his lips even if his nose turned up at the smell. Thus gave Steve a task to occupy him physically and mentally relieving him of overthinking about the meeting tomorrow.
Happy waiting out the front of the hotel's entrance, sat in the driver's seat the sleep still in the tear ducts, unnoticed. Tony's weight dipped the ledge of the mattress, previous night's pants covered over his lean muscular thighs, fine cotton shirt unbutton allowing the air to attack over porcelain gold, spine curved over to finish up fluent looped lettering upon the back of Aldrich Killian's card, the missing piece to her equation to equalised the overheating issue, his eyes trailed over the rigid pathways of sheets that lead him to the brunette sleeping beauty on the far side of the bed, the Egyptian cotton sheet respectfully draped just under the dimples of located on the small of her back. She'd make was that of a vision in the morning light but she wasn't the one for Tony, so he'd continue to seek his search for love but he wished her the best. Brought the card to press against his lips, a farewell kiss, delicately balancing the card on the nightstand against the base of the lamp. Before standing to his feet and quietly exiting the room, shirt still opened caught the draft of air as his feet carried him towards his escape. There was no wait for the elevator as if someone had just got off, convenient for Tony that is so no second thought about it. Threading buttons through holes as his head was tilted down to make sure each button is in the right loop, blazer hung over his forearm. A strange feeling that he just brushed off of being watched from afar.
The global broadcasted reached out to every channel, showing the clips of the attack on the Stark cliff mansion to all whom feasted eyes upon it though it wouldn’t be until the NBC editors zoomed in on the footage to behold the iron man armour trying to cling onto the dilapidating building only to be lost from the final explosion. That really added the pain into the chest cavities of Steve and Peter whom ended up catching it on the screens that happened to be muted from a called meeting by Natasha, both had believed it was to do with their mission but no instead it was as if someone shoved their hand through flesh and the charm like the opening of the rib bones to rip out each heart right in front of them, shock took over them. As ocean eyes adverted from the screen to meet that of a tear-stained cheeked son, causing the father to not be able to utter out a word of comfort. The shattering of his heart, shrapnel pieces ricocheting against jagged bones as Natasha droned on, he just watched the man he loves, loved, loves be swallowed alive by their vacation house and there was no sight of Harley, his breath caught up in the back of his throat as he swallowed back the air. The loss of his strength to use his legs, close the distance towards himself and his son, allowing his son to fell onto him, just cry and a quiet nod from an unspoken queue to get the quinjet ready for take-off.
As we all know time is an illusion but it takes the length of the phantasm to heal whether that be of the mind, body or spirit. In this case, it was that of the body, the welts no longer depicted upon his golden skin nor that of the hand marks seared into fleshy wrists. Now only that of the specs on each wrist of the lightest of scar tissues unnoticeable to Tony himself. And it took that of only a few months for his body to do so and only that of three weeks for that of a name to slip from thoughts.
"Why are you up way past your bedtime, Harls?" He gently prods, sweeping hair out of his face. "Have you been reading H.P Lovecraft again?"
The much-awaited ding of Tony's floor though there was a hunch floating around in his head that this guy would follow Tony to Maya's room. Slightly irritated by the evenings unfolding events that he didn't count upon had gotten to him, planting the ball of his left foot on the metal threshold of the elevator. Outstretching his arms out to lean on the parted doors, witnessing exactly what he thought would happen, Aldrich unevenly stepped forward right against Tony's chest on reflex Tony planted his hand under Aldrich's elbow to steady the man. Yes, Tony was a world-class dick but not that big of a dick. "Easy there, handsome. Don't need you doing a stupid thing like falling for me." Tony said, a charming grin appeared on his full pinked lips and the stifle of inept laughter from the blonde slightly hunched forward man. "N-" the snort from the laugh. "No-no," stammered Aldrich whom's cheeks that of mirroring red tomato colours, clearly like most have before Aldrich has fallen for the allure of Tony Stark, only he had fallen years ago for someone he at the time never met and here he was in front of the man that he had lusted and sometimes lines blurred over to obsession as Anthony Stark stood for everything he wanted to achieve. "Aw, no need to blush over lil' old me." Tony teased, playfully yet the unnoted snark. "Meet me on the roof after the ball drop as I have to go freshen up." Tony nodded his head slowly, hopes that Aldrich would fall for it, leaning in dangerously close to the other male. "What do you say, handsome?" Tony's breathed caressed over the heated cheeks, cooling them. And maybe it was the heat of the moment or maybe it was the pent-up frustrations from the cat and mouse game he's been playing with Maya, whatever it may be Tony ended up leaning to allow his lips to move at first awkwardly with the other man, no feelings on Tony's part but it was everything on Aldrich's part. Short, sloppy and unrememberable by the time daylight will break over darkness. Drift apart, Tony's blank stare over Aldrich. "See you up there, Tony." Aldrich nodded, plastered smile as if Christmas came early for the man. "You bet," Tony glided back onto the carpet, giving a small wave. That was what he thought would've been the last time he would see Aldrich Killian.
"Half an hour 'til ball drop, boss." Happy stated, proudness rung out and Tony was well aware it was more from the small group of people that trailed on Happy's heels for the after-party that would be hosted in Tony's suite. "Ha, Einstein had the audacity to state time is an illusion, flexible and yet here we are running out of time for more entailment on your research." Tony chuckled at the beginning, swiftly did it fade out for words to be uttered out over the blaring, slightly distorted music from the volume and poor base speakers plus the chattering between two to more people didn't assist with the undoing of the justice for
It had taken over three years for Maya Hansen's development further from the guidance of Tony's mathematical theorem of Extremis serum thus also brought the first successful Extremis-enhanced person and that person happened to be Aldrich, only last year. Everything about his physical attributes changed from the weakened man, she had met a year or so prior. And he had since cut his hair and the attire of well tailor suits draped from his body like that of armour, the newfound confidence, honestly, he was unrecognisable to Maya. After successfully getting a bunch of soldiers through the tests of the Extremis and it was there where she noticed that Aldrich is becoming more diabolical, hungry for more and the lack of empathy, happened to be unsettling enough for Maya later that night in the laboratory. The bluish light illuminating her from fluorescent lights above her, rest of the room around sheeted in dull darkness and there was a chill but it was welcomed by Maya as it always kept her awake during the long nights spent at the lab. Six Medusa plants sat in planters on the top shelf of her desk above her head, green foliage brought a pop of colour to the two-toned colours of the make-up of the labs, declining her chin towards the glow from the screen that had a number typed up, uncertain if it is in service still. But she needed to inform someone even if that someone was Tony Stark, he was the one that filled in her missing pieces to create Extremis serums and hopeful that he'd help. But before she could press the call button on the brick-like phone, sharp pain in the back of her neck and the chilling lulled from Aldrich before everything faded to black.
Relief flooded over Steve's features of the unmistakable moppy locks of blonde of his youngest son, sat on top of the counter cross-legged with the lantern place just at his ankles and box of corn flakes between his legs, the rustling of plastic from a hand diving into the depths to grab out a handful of dry cereal. "What are you doin' up, Harls?" Steve asked, making himself known to his son, a settled jerk from Harley's body, ankles knocking the lantern off the edge of the counter. "Busted," Harley muttered through a previous mouthful of dry cereal, a sheepish grin of pursed lips. He flicked the light switch on, crossed the short distance and plucked the lantern from the floor. "Caught you red-handed, you lil' cereal bandit," Steve teases, a playful smile on his own lips, watching the wheels metaphorically turn in his head. "Uh, t-this is all an f-figment of your imagi-nation," Harley said in an aloof tone, pulling his arm from the oversized box of cereal, revealing a little hand covered in flakes of cereal. The mirth of a chuckle upon the sight, fingers gently ruffle through flaxen locks and Harley's head nuzzled into his father's hand.
it jumps a bit so it's a tad bit messy
Fly over was gut-wrenchingly quieting from the freckled face teen staring blankly, being abnormally quiet until the outburst that came from nowhere from the urgency need to see what is left, see if there is a clue and the dying hope that they could be alive, a strong arm catching him just under his arm from the weight upon his own chest that he had realised that he was sinking to the floor of the jet or that he even stood. Calming words did nothing for his son, Peter. No soothing nor ease, just brought out more waterworks and if Steve didn’t have to be strong for his son then he’d be doing the same thing.
Receiving a phone call, long past the dead of night, never contained that of good news. A one-sided phone conversation of orders for the husbands to be at the Avengers Compound tomorrow by noon that only meant one thing, the next mission. Dread weighed heavily in the silence for Steve; Tony recently started to come to bed at a reasonable time again, not tinkering away into the wee hours from some unforeseen impending doom. Science babble that fills the void of the workshop between Peter and Tony and sometimes Harley, that always goes over Steve's head. The invigorating encouragement that Tony gives to not only their oldest son, Peter who has needed the reassurance since that of the Vulture attack but to their youngest who has a knack for trouble. Everything was going back to normal to have that taken away again was perturbing to Steve.
Deep in the earth she was laid to rest as untimely as it was, a touch of regret for not deepening his connection with her and how unfair death truly was for taking someone who had so much to offer the world. Tony stood with hands clasped in front of his person, blackened shades to hide the redden rivers that stretched across his scleras from a mixture of lack of sleep and that of drinking himself to musk up the courage to appear at the funeral, instead of dealing with the emotional touch of the dead Tony opts for the liquid spirit forms to keep emotions at bay. There were too few of people that stood around the lowering of the casket, disheartening to him as they were mostly like him an acquaintance rather than that of a loved one, words were spoken to guide her into the afterlife ― not that Tony believed in that but he was paying respects to someone who deserved better, so he kept his thoughts to himself.
Since he returned to his hotel suite, Stark had consumed quite an amount of alcohol and little to eat to soak up the alcohol sloshing about at the pit of his stomach, never was he good at dealing with the tragedy that comes from that of death's hands. Venturing out from the confines of his room to entail of endeavours of a couple of games of craps in between games, Tony found himself wandering into the last place he needed to be, the location being that of the hotel's bar. Thereupon the stool of the near-empty bar sat the silk back blonde hair without a hair out of place still in the impeccably tailored suit that clung to the span between his deltoid muscles, the stranger from the funeral hunched over the bar clasping the glass between his hands. Every step Tony took was a boost of confidence to a new level even for him or was it from the mingled of amber spirits that he had downed prior, pinching the creases of his black trousers not to strain over his lean thighs as he plopped down on the stool next to Aldrich. "You look to be in need of company," Tony said, dark hues scaling over Aldrich's side profile, there was something that sparked recognition only it was suppressed by alcohol. Surprise took hold of Aldrich's features, it didn't reach his eyes though as he spoke. "Aren't we always in need of some form of human companionship?" Offering a nod towards the blonde man. "Well, I'm looking for a different type of companionship this evening," Tony stated bluntly not having any subtly of the meanings behind his words, not wanting to waste time if the other doesn't feel the same. Tony was seeking that of comfort in the arms of strangers, a bad habit that started shortly after the tragic death of his parents and then Jarvis, now Maya, history repeating itself which it always will until the break of the cycle. Tonight wasn't the night for it to be broken, rather it would be reinforced.
“Really heavily. You guys know how to wear a guy out.”
Steve was unmoved. “And you’re an Avenger. You don’t need my permission to stay here or help.”
Tony remembered how Steve loved him at his lowest, at his most wretched or irritable, when he was petty or insecure or hurting, when he couldn’t handle anyone or when he just wanted to lash out. Steve accepted him, and maybe he could begin to accept himself, as well. He was less hard on himself, and while he tried to grow as a person, he didn’t hurt himself in the process. (Almost ironically, he grew more beautiful by the day, buoyed by love.)
Scott waved a hand at his bowl, as if that would explain it all. “Just… I’m trying to prove to the Avengers that I belong here, and yet he saw me eating my daughter’s favorite cereal. And she’s 7.”
“Tony, you need to come to the house-”
Steve’s smile twisted ruefully as he rearranged all the papers on his desk next to his computer. “Not really, just double-checking some stuff. I still think he’s in Europe, but that’s not much help, so.” Before Sam could say anything encouraging, Steve straightened himself up and once again regarded his friend. “What’s going on with you?”
“There’s a story to that, isn’t there?”
By his 18th birthday, not only had his beauty started to mature, but he had already surpassed his father in his knowledge and skill with engineering. Incredibly intelligent and quick-witted, Tony was a masterful engineer. Tony’s mind was like a ball of energy incarnate, constantly in motion and always relentlessly pursuing knowledge. Even while still growing, even while still finding the extents of what he could do, Tony was among the top five most genius souls on the planet. Like his father, he endeavored to create more and more complex inventions, but like his mother, he had no taste for weaponry and warfare. He thirsted for knowledge and discovery, constantly working in the forges and losing himself for days in the intricate contraptions and mechanics he found himself in. He treasured his wisdom, and desperately sought to prove to himself and his family that he could carry on a legacy to be proud of.
“Don’t you use his robotic birds?” Scott asked immediately.
Sam grinned at the obvious impatience in Scott’s tone. “Get used to it. If I look annoyingly awake, you’re going to hate how lively Cap is every morning. C’mon, get dressed. You’ve got a long day of training ahead of you! And bring your hero gear!”
Steve once again jumped in to ostensibly make Scott more comfortable. “But you can keep your order to yourself, if you’d like! We weren’t sure what to get but Friday said you weren’t vegan or anything. "
She tucked an imaginary stray hair away and preened. “A successful business takeover really does do wonders for the complexion.”
The pilot looked back with an inquiring look and raised eyebrow.
Sam winced a bit. They had made a lot of mistakes, but damn if they aren’t trying to be better. “I won’t deny that. That’s what happens in a group of powerful and independent people.”
Tony’s godfather returned from the army upon Howard’s death, according to Howard’s will and his duty as next of kin for Tony. The man was named Edwin Jarvis, a longtime friend of Howard’s and, while unknown to Steve and Bucky since he had been conscripted before the two came to the farm to work, he was a strong guardian for his godson. Even Rhodey had met the man only once, but had heard many stories about his endless patience, kindness, wit, and storytelling. Tony loved the man more than anyone except his Mother, and when Tony locked himself in his father’s workshop, where his father’s alcohol was, with only Dummy and his mother’s favorite knit blanket for company, Jarvis was probably the only one who’d be able to reach the young man.
Wanda shrugged. “I turned on Ultron.”
“Oooooh, foul language, what’s got you all riled?” Tony stopped actively tinkering with things when he asked the question, Steve could hear, so he didn’t feel too bad pulling him out of the tangle of parts. “Steve, c’mon!”
“Yeah, I got that. I just don’t know how I feel about joining on a permanent basis… Which is what you’re asking for, right?”
“Hey, you’re ex-SHIELD. You wouldn’t be telling me if you didn’t already think I could.”
They all filed into the building, Vision waiting at the door. (Scott privately speculated that Vision hovering slightly above the ground was how he showed nerves.) He nodded at all the Avengers trailing in, obviously listening as they filled him in on what happened, but he waited to follow until Wanda had come up beside him and they could walk in step.
“It has always only been you, Tony. You are wholly unique, and I cannot even imagine loving anyone else.”
“He only tied,” Wanda pouted, but Sam piped up a moment later. “We all know that it’s rare for Natasha to get hit, so it’s still a victory for him. “
“All the things the Avengers have done?”
“It’s about a decision that will impact you guys,” Scott reluctantly admitted.
“We don’t need to hear my opinion.” Tony’s smile was brittle as he slipped out of Steve’s range, dislodging the hand that Scott was only now realizing had been resting on Tony’s shoulder for the whole conversation. “You already know what happened with me, and what to think of me. I built a monster.”
“Our melons, milord? The ladies are here to inspect our produce as well?” Tony was no fool, and the whole farm, including the pack of farmhands trying to blend in with the soldiers who were too distracted to care, knew that while the farm had improved immensely over the years, (starting with Steve’s attentive care and growing through the pack of loyal help and the fleet of machines,) if royals were here, it was for the inventions.
Natasha seemed to have most of the group under control, so Scott looked around, missing where Crossbones was approaching Natasha but noticing the two guys just sitting inside the giant truck. He figured he’d punish them for their inactivity, climbing up the side to drop through the top, quickly engaging the enemies within. He had just unlocked the doors from the inside when he was surprised by both a grenade and Natasha tumbling in through the hole in the ceiling. The teammates stared at each other for the briefest of moments before both leaping out.
“Without you it doesn’t feel like home,” Tony said simply.
They had hardly sat down, Hope deigning to let Scott give her a hug as they waited in line to be seated, before she leaned forward and pinned him with a stare.
Scott was going to have to bond with his new team, so he may as well start over food.
“Please feel free,” the AI returned calmly. Scott caught himself looking back to Tony Stark with awe, and the billionaire met his eyes cheerfully, obviously satisfied with the whole situation.
“So you’re Scott Lang, master thief and breaker of the laws of physics. As one lawbreaker to another, it’s good to meet you,” Tony fucking
Scott frowned, alert to the name of Cassie’s elementary school nemesis. “Is that girl still giving you trouble?” Though Cassie, nor Maggie, thankfully, would never tell him this, Scott suspected some of the kids listened a bit too closely to what their parents said about him and teased Cassie in return.
“Hey Hope, you know Tony, right?”
America was not willing to break their current peace with Prussia, as the administration that took over the country seemed to have its own plans beyond starting a prolonged conflict with America. In fact, the Third Reich of Prussia had a branch of their government simply called Hydra, and it was this group that set the military’s focus on Genosha. The nation state was famous for its abnormally high rate of children born with magical abilities, and Hydra was obsessed with power.
“Hey Friday, got some stuff to cover with you to save and also to send to Tony,” Steve said to the ceiling.
She gasped. "So I'll be able to meet all of the Avengers too!"
She smirked. “No, but don’t think I’m falling for your innocent eyes this time.”
Tony shot him a glare, but Bucky felt suddenly that Tony needed affirmation.
Rumlow snapped his head back to where Scott had appeared and gaped. Scott flinched when he saw Rumlow up close, then tried to make it seem like he hadn’t. The mask was good for hiding reactions like that, at least.
“Lies and slander,” Tony said with mock offense. He was fully suited up, minus the faceplate now, but he paused before he left. He gave Sam a considering look. “If Steve is okay with it, then I’m okay with it too.”
“I don’t want to see them.”
Cassie frowned a bit. "Didn't you tell me and Mom that you'd be able to visit me a bunch on Mister Iron Man's planes?"
“Nah, I don’t have a job for you, I leave that to Cap. And thanks, I appreciate the good press. I’m calling because a little birdie tells me you had your first Avenger mission yesterday.”
“It was not, I was the one who convinced him! Scott, tell him.”
Friday brought up a hologram in the middle of the table. “We have discovered intel that would suggest Crossbones’s next target is this police station in Lagos.” The station mentioned popped up, and Steve promptly started skimming through the data provided. He started and looked to the ceiling to address Friday. (Scott was somewhat gratified that he wasn’t the only one to look up to do that.) “This says the attack will be today, after 5 pm, West Africa Time.
Sam was once again hit with the urge to roll his eyes but accepted the statement with a nod. “He wanted to check with you too.”
Scott paused momentarily in his ready-to-throw pose with the ball over his head, when realization dawned. “I can’t see past the dodgeballs when I shrink.”
“Sam invited me and made it seem like you guys could use an extra hand. Your methods aren’t always elegant, but I definitely appreciate all you’ve done.”
The group seemed to take that answer, and resumed their activities, except for Natasha, who stared at Scott until he couldn’t help his discomfited fidgeting, and smirked. (Scott hated not feeling like the most perceptive person in the room. Though he should probably develop a word filter to match his observational abilities.)
“Wait, where are you, Scott? The comm locator says you’re with Steve,” Wanda asked, bafflement coloring her voice.
“I- I think I'm honored,” Scott stuttered, overwhelmed. “And a little less concerned about my weird past- no offense!”
“Basic rules, you need to get the other team’s flag back to your base, avoid getting immobilized, don’t play too dirty, and… Try to surprise us.” Steve was obviously a fan of the game himself, and even Sam and Natasha seemed unable to help their excitement.
"Steve, mostly. Natasha made a lovely Russian dish she knew was also traditional in Sokovia." Wanda waved a pepper shaker over the pot with her magic as she responded.
“I don’t know who I’d be without you,” Tony breathed. He suddenly remembered what Steve said when he appeared. “You can’t want to leave! After we only just found this?”
Cassie and him freaked out for a while about how cool it all was before he remembered it wasn't a done deal yet.
“You’ve been hiding from everyone, now.”
“Then I’ll call Tony.” Steve turned to the rest of the team still present, and noticed, despite how he tried to hide it, that Scott’s hands were shaking slightly. “Scott, you’re done for now. Sam, go join the police at the institute and assist as necessary,” Steve ordered, voice brooking no argument, before walking away to call Tony and Rhodey.
Natasha and Sam turned to see if the Colonel would interfere, but he simply looked at the food thoughtfully. “I get first pick at the food?” Natasha and Sam’s cheerful agreement could hardly be heard over Tony’s scandalized spluttering, and Rhodey simply shrugged, giving permission. “It’s rude to wear sunglasses indoors, anyways. Teach him a lesson.”
“Have you ever been on time?” Sam piped up.
Scott chuckled. “I bet they had no clue what hit them.”
Tiberius shook himself, reminded that he had a goal today. “Ah yes, we are here because many have heard of the great success of your… melon harvests, and we wish to learn how you have produced such incredible fruit.”
Sam almost laughed at the despair in Scott’s voice. “You weren’t near as bad as you think you were.”
“At least I don’t resort to physical abuse,” Tony protested through his laughter.
“Yeah, geezer, get in front of your elderly friend,” Sam said, avoiding Rhodey’s pointed jab with a smirk.
“I love this game,” Wanda said lightly.
“Do I have to disclose it at all?” Scott winced. He noticed Steve wasn’t giving up on knowing about the suit, but he doubted Hank or Hope thought about this dilemma beyond the Avengers asking questions, and he certainly hadn’t.
“I’m so happy for you, Hope, it’s what you deserve!”
Tony finally tore his gaze away to shrug before taking a long swallow of whatever was in his cup and looking disappointed when it didn’t make the conversation easier. “It’s no problem. He’s the one who did the work and saved the lives. You don’t need my permission for recruitment either.” Before Steve could protest that or make any comment, Tony continued. “Besides Cap, anyone who gets the ok from you is good in my books.
The man in question had a complicated mix of emotions playing on his face, but Tony could only read the guilt. “Tony, I- I’m sorry for being a coward earlier, you deserved a better answer, and-”
Margaret would not care much about Tiberius’s plotting, but Rumiko had told her the story of the random village man with the pale hair who took on a group of men singlehandedly for their cruel comments, and was curious to see if she would encounter the brave soul.
“You also let a scientist experiment on you in 1940s America. And you visit the Stark Industries Research and Development people to talk about their recent discoveries and how Tony is treating them. I’ll remind you, the people who work in R and D at SI are insane.” Steve had resorted to pouting mulishly at them by now, but Natasha was not moved.
Scott beamed, seeing the praise from Natasha for the victory it was. “Thanks.”
“Sadly true,” Steve sighed. Sam started leaving for real this time, but was stopped at the door when he heard a Steve call out “Sam.”
It was actually remembering his experiences with the rich that gave Scott an idea for his next excuse. “I bet you haven’t even asked anyone in the team about this yet! Tony Stark can’t want a convicted thief on his property!”
Steve pondered that. “No, tell him to keep holding the fort. Better safe than sorry. I’ll call Tony soon.”
"Right, let me meet your folks to share the good news about your new job!"
“That’s the most important!” The little girl faltered before reluctantly admitting, “It’s maybe as important as saving lots of people.”
Tony glared at Natasha and responded to Sam. “No, I hate golf. That’s just the stock phrase for attending events where rich people rub elbows with politicians.”
Howard would goad his son, who would respond with sardonic wit and barely covered hurt every time, until he could gleefully conclude from something that was said that Tony was still a disappointment. (Their feud was endless, and Tony would still be recovering from a particularly nasty spat the day of his father’s death.)
After Scott once again assured Steve that he was quite happy to try different things and to share (sharing was a foregone conclusion with his last roommates), Wanda resumed where she left off. "Your welcome dinner will be on Friday! Vision has kindly given up his day for me to cook.”
