Lucian sat at Moriartys desk and tried to look riveted as Moriarty rambled about how work. "You see you need crime in the world unfortunately. All sunshine would make a desert and no one wants that. Did you know the last time the world was 'crime free' it sent off the dark ages?'
"What is it with you two? Of course I approve of her!" Amalee shrieked. "Really? Then why did you not correct her? After all it was you who taught me that not deigning is just like agreeing with a statement." He retorted and swept from the room. "Amalee, come into the sitting room, now." He heard his father say making him smile a little. Perhaps Trymman finally took of the blinders concerning his wife.
Sometimes he felt as if he were raising three children instead of two. “Alright lets go and grab one,” He smiled and linked his hand with Sherlock’s as the twins led them through the air port.
"So we are here for a reason?" Lily asked as her fathers led them into the bed and breakfast. "We missed you and figured that you two would like to have a small vacation of your own." John smiled as he rubbed her hair making her glare. "So that's it then. Just one big happy family then?"
“Oh? And I suppose we should add mind reader the list of your abilities?” John remarked making Sherlock glare at him. “I realize that all of this could have been circumvented by responding to Lestrade’s text. But there is nothing I can do about that now.” He responded, moving over to make room for John on the couch.
John was saddened by this but nodded his head. “We expected as much. You’ve seen their records. Their mother only brought them in as a last resort.”
Something in Johns pleading gaze transcended language, making the boy melt. “I live one hour, that road. But twins, they go. They come to use phone, phone no work. Twins leave. But Ya Ya. She give them food, water and bath. She try to make stay night but twins go. “Have to go.” They say, “Have to get back to papas.” Niki said as he bobbed his head.
"To keep you out of Mycrofts clutches." Lily could see the vein in his temple start to throb as he clenched his jaw.
"You like it when I lick you. But anyways, of course they won't go to the actual funeral part it will be far to cold for them and then they'll get bored. But I'll be at your side while they do…kid…stuff…"
John and Sherlock shared a silent look before nodding between the two. "Right children go down to Mrs. Hudson…NOW!" John stood tall emitting authority from every pore of his skin. He had learned to do this in the army and truth be told it came in exceedingly useful when living with Sherlock. "No not you love, only the children." He laughed when Sherlock went to follow his children down the stairs. "Alright who would send such an intricate music box?"
"Around seven I think…" John responded trying to ignore the warm body pressed against his as well as the breath slithering down his back. "Your pulse is racing…Why are you nervous?" the detective asked as he settled his large hands on Johns hips.
Both children did not know what to say to that and just sat there silently for they have encountered such people and knew that their way of dealing with them was 'a bit not good'.
She then attached the coil to the flux capacitor then attached the other end to the unused terminal on the switch.
Lily sighed and pressed her forehead to her brothers. "Lucian…there are steps to be taken love…We made them sit together yes, now we just need to soften John towards Sherlock. It'll be great, trust me John's a doctor."
After a long day John liked to settle down with a good cup of tea. He’s always been a big believer in the healing powers of tea. Had a bad day? Tea. Had a good day? Tea. Issues at home? Talk it out over tea. So once they got back to the flat with dinner John immediately put the kettle on as the kids showed off their new school supplies to Sherlock.
“John it’s been almost a month since we’ve heard from Sherlock. You know what happens now.” Lestrade seemed resigned to that fact as he watched Donovan head into Sherlock's room and Anderson head up the stairs.
His mind a blur John could only pant as Sherlock tore off his jumper and T-Shirt. "AH!" He gasped when Sherlock's mouth started to wander over his chest. "BED!" He almost shouted as he realized that the children come in at any time and see them. John tried not to giggle at the look his best friend gave him, it was a look of desire mixed with annoyance. It was the look that said 'how dare you interrupt me?' and John loved it.
“I don’t know I’d have to ask my brother for their medical files. But considering their mother a full physical might be a good idea.”
"What do you want Lavonia?" Sherlock growled as he placed a hand on his sons shoulder. "Why Sherly…What makes you think I want anything? I am their mother after all and I do have the right to see that their well taken care of." Lavonia smiled as she withdrew a single cigarette from her purse to light it, making John glare when she blew the smoke towards her 'precious children'.
"Alright come along!" Sherlock shouted down the hall to the twins. "Alright we have everything?" John asked as he put together a bag. "I believe so; the twins are dragging their heels." Sherlock huffed as he wrapped his arms around his blogger.
"Sir...no not yet...she seems hell bent on going towards the shots...yes sir...well it seems as though I've been spotted...yes I'm sure...she looked right at me then flipped me off...yes sir...well acquiring her will not be easy. *sigh* yes sir I'll be there in ten minutes...only a graze sir...well I did not expect a fifteen year old girl to run TOWARDS the gunshots as most girls run AWAY...no I'm not mocking you sir...yes sir...ETA ten minutes."
For the first time since John had met him, Sherlock was speechless. “Hold on one second. Why did she wait until now to bring them to your attention? No offense to the children but they are obviously teenagers.” John asked.
Greg turned to find Mycroft waiting for an answer. "Oh its going well I suppose, though it would be nice if people stopped killing each other though. Paperwork is hell." He replied earning a death glare from Sherlock which was ignored. "How is your work going?" He asked then winced at the clipped "Classified" that Mycroft threw his way. This is going to be a fun ride he thought and leaned back in his seat.
Mycroft stood still for a second as it finally sunk in that John was going to have words with him brother and it was not going to be a pretty sight. "Of course…" Mycroft responded and fled the room with the words of 'Seriously?!' and 'if you think I'm going to clean this up..' ringing in his ears.
"Give the man a case and he's happy. Have him face a murderer and he's completely fine but face him with two sick teenagers and its the apocalypse!"
"Molly…I need some soil samples from the victim's fingernails…" Sherlock announced his eyes never leaving the microscope. "Yea…not molly she's a bit strange." Lucian said making his father visibly jump. "You two are not allowed in here…" Sherlock said knowing that his argument was going to be weak. "And Molly thinks we're five…so I fail to see your point…" Lily remarked as she hoisted herself up to sit on the counter. "Yea please don't leave us with her…she keeps trying to feed us tea!" Lucian begged. Sherlock mentally ran through his options before sighing. "Alright but don't touch anything!" he relented making the twins grin.
That night Moriarty and Sebastian watched as the twins sat as far apart from each other as posible and spoke only though glares.
“The twins were trying to bake a cake when the blender and mixer turned on them.” John explained as he handed both of twins a damp towel.
"Actually I finally got him, he said not yet the first time." Sherlock remarked as he walked over to drape an arm around John's waist.
Sherlock frowned at the paper he pulled out of his pocket as Lily face palmed herself. "Lucian did you just stick all the papers in his pocket?"
During all of this none of the men noticed the two twins sitting on the couch with their hands clasped together, desperation prevalent in their eyes as they turned to each other with a mutual understanding of the situation. Silently they spoke to one another, not wanting to direct any of the adults attention onto themselves.
All three adults watched as the twins turned slightly to stare at each other for a second before giving almost imperceptible nods.
"Come along children, let's get the bags out of the car, John's making tea…Lily you can have something else if you wish." He said as he went over to pop open the boot of the car.
John was sitting in his chair when Sherlock walked over, grabbed his book, pulled him out of his chair and proceeded to drag him to the door. "Come on we have to go..."
Lily and Lucian looked at each other. The man was obviously scared of the 'big house' and they did not want to frighten him. "No No big house...water?" Lucian asked as he patted his throat in the universal sign of thirsty.
"Lily I think it's time to make a fire or something." Lucian said as he held his arms close to his chest.
John sighed as he laid back against the cool bedding. Two weeks in Northern Ireland with only his husband sounded like heaven. The bags had already been brought up to their room in the small bed and breakfast and his new husband was currently in the bathroom washing off 'aeroplane germs'. John was definitely in heaven right now especially because Sherlock made him shower first (Which rarely happened) so he knew that his love was trying to be romantic. Which he will think later on as the bed was oh so soft.
one of the twins is sick, Sherlock has no idea what to do...also this WILL be the last chapter for a while as its all I have written but I will try and update it as much as the other site :)
"Hello Harriet." John sighed at the woman (obviously Harriet) who glowered at him. "Johnny, Sherlock…who are you?" She asked blinking owlishly at the twins.
John and Sherlock walked down to the dining room where Mrs. Kinsley was still setting up for breakfast. "Oh hello dears! I am sorry but we are not ready for breakfast as of yet." She fluttered at them. "Oh is there anything I can do to help?" John immediately offered his service while Sherlock simply slunk away. "Oh that's alright dears. I have this under control. Now how about you two take a nice morning stroll? My husband used to take one every morning, did wonders for reveling aches and pains." She said meaningfully making John blush. "Yes, right come along then Sherlock."
All the teens wove different stories about what happened. The one with the broken nose wove a tale about how he just said 'Hi' to Lily when Lucian went wild and broke his nose while Lily and Lucian told Sherlock what had actually happened.
The bed was empty and there were no clothes in the closet. But there was a trace of John's cologne on the pillow. "He left?"
"Because when a cop does it, it's not against the law." The twins talked back and forth while Greg and Kyle just waited until they stopped. "Alright so you two will leave Anderson alone for a while. You've had your fun now it's time to pick another target alright?" Greg sighed knowing that he wouldn't be able to get the twins to stop but he could get them to switch targets. "Alright."
Two days later all three Holmes’ and John Watson were standing at the terminal waiting for their flight. “Here’s some pounds, you two go and get something to eat. LEAVE YOUR PHONES ON!” John shouted after them, then he turned to his sulking detective.
"No poker. We don't have enough people to play bullshit but if you three join in…" Lily responded making Sherlock blink and everyone else laugh. "That's not what I meant." He finally articulated making Lily grin.
Many people would believe that he is over shadowed by his sister because he is quiet where she is anything but silent. But it was the exact opposite in fact. He loved it when his sister got the attention she deserved because that meant he was free to analyze if that person was a threat from the shadows. After all no one expects the quiet ones.
“Orders from the chief. No one could get a hold of you and you weren’t responding to anyone. So per protocol we had to do a dru…this” Lestrade said.
“That’s because they are all idiots. Lily, do you not like tea?” Sherlock asked noticing that Lily had not touched the cup in front of her.
But before he could ask if it was too hard John grabbed his ass and ground their erections together making the detectives head roll back into his skull. "Oh!"
"Who's Lexy?" Sherlock asked and Deborah turned to look at Sherlock but found herself faced with three pairs of identical eyes. It was a little disconcerting to see.
"My name is Professor Tinsdale and I will be the proctor for this exam…You girl sit here, and you young man sit here." Tinsdale said then grimaced when he turned towards John and Sherlock. "IF I find either of you two cheating you'll be failed immediately. Now I'll be up there talking with your…fathers." He said and as he was walking away Lily over heard him whispering 'Can't believe they actually let two fags into this place. What the hell would poofs want with educating their bastards anyways?'
Soon though the twins had to leave so Lucian made a makeshift bag out of his tee-shirt and safety pins that he had stolen from Lily's skirt to put the berries in.
John and Sherlock looked at each other and the detective gave the army doctor a nod. "Alright. You win." He said before wrapping his kids in his arms. Though he tried he knew that he cannot save them from what was going on in their minds.
All four of them took a bite then tried not to laugh when Lily automatically started to scrape her tongue off. "Oh my god...that's definitely chocolate..." She huffed and gladly took the glass of milk offered her. "You do not like chocolate?" The baker asked and sighed when she shook her head. "Not like chocolate?! Lily you're an alien!" Lucian smiled at her making her growl and poke him with her fork. "Alright children, here is the next cake to try. It's a lemon royal icing with vanilla sponge cake. It's simple and a little on the sweet side."
In the end, they both chose two different kinds of pens in multiple colors as well as pencils and any other things they might need for the school year.
"Neither have I. Something about John just brings this out in him." Mycroft smiled as he wrapped his arms around Greg. "Would you like to dance?"
Needless to say he was on top of the world when he dropped them off to the secretary, to whom he gave instructions to hit them with a stapler if they started to act up.
John thanked his time in the military for the ability to keep a straight face in normal times. He thanked it again when he saw all the flour caked hand-prints decorating Mycrofts back.
Sherlock skipped over to grasp her by the shoulders. "Funny you should mention that...I know who wants to g-"
“John!” Harry smiled as she stood to hug her brother when he walked into the café. “I know you’re not a big coffee drinker so I ordered you a tea.”
Moriarty sat at his desk, staring into space for a good half an hour before Sebastian walked in. "Boss?" He asked highly confused.
"SHERLOCK! Calm down It's only a regular flu that's been making the rounds in the school. In a couple of days she'll be right as rain. Now I have to go to work. She has everything she needs but around twelve I want you to fry and force some soup on her. More than likely she's going to have no appetite so you will have to force her to eat. Now here's some Paracemtol if she needs it...Only ONE understand? Now I'll give her some more medicine when I come home but other than that she needs to rest so try and not bother her too much alright?" John smiled gently at his tall lover before kissing him on the cheek.
"ANDERSON! DONOVAN! Right here right NOW!" Lestrade shouted making everyone jump once again. "As of this second Anderson, you are suspended for two weeks." He snarled making the two pale.
Mrs. Holmes looked shocked at the girls announcement then turned towards her youngest son. "You allow her to talk like that…about her own mother?" Mrs. Holmes snapped at Sherlock who grasped Johns hand and stood a little taller. "You have no idea what their mother put these children through. Their mother is currently in prison for prostitution, possession of illegal narcotics, child endangerment, and possession with intent to distribute and that's the only charges that we were sure wouldn't drag the children through court. Now its been a very long day and Lily needs to go and rest as she had been shot. Now if you'll excuse me I'll get them settled." Sherlock announced making his mother stare.
“I’m not sure he wants anything. And even if he did, I don’t know that his boyfriend would be alright with it.”
To their surprise their mother dragged them onto the bus and then to one of the various thrift stores where they were told to ‘grab something nice.’
John sighed and placed a hand on Sherlocks shoulder, only to be pushed off. "Sherlock I didn't say that."
When they first arrived she noticed that the cameras shot almost every square meter of their prison except one place. Right beside the waterfall.
John smiled at this and nudged his lover off his lap. "Sherlock please call Lestrade and ask him if it really is his kid. Oh and if it is explain what happened so he doesn't get into trouble for defending Lucian." John smiled as Sherlock got up to retrieve his phone ruffling his daughter's hair as he passed.
I rather did hope that you wouldn't get TOO attached to those two cretins. But I do have to admit that the thought of a young pliable mind at my mercy is just…Delicious. M
They walked for a good hour and a half before they came upon a small village. "Food, water…PHONE!" Lucian begged as they stumbled into the town square.
"Are you going to do the whole 'do you want chicken or fish' thing?" Lily asked as she poked at one of her fathers expiraments.
It will be alright Sweetheart…it going to be alright!" he soothed as he rocked his daughter in his arms. I don't care what I have to say as long as she stops leaking! He thought as she clung to him and cried.
Soon John had Sherlock opened up and to his surprise the detective rolled them over so that he was on top. "I want to ride you."
As soon as John and Sherlock left their room Lily ran over to Lucians bed and slid in between the sheets. They had a lot to talk about and it wouldn't do to have to shout across the narrow space between their beds. "Am I the only one who thinks that was weird?" She asked as she wrapped her pinky finger around his.
"What happened?" Kyle asked as he tried to sit up only to be pressed down again. "How are you feeling?" John asked making the boy glare. "Head hurts but other then that I'm fine…where are Lily and Lucian?" he asked making Sherlock and John share a panicked look yet again. "Mycroft…"
“Niki, Pou Pige ta didyama Pate? Ne einai grigori.” Sherlock said and the boy nodded vigorously  before responding in quick but broken English.
"I don't care what you want...You have to eat." Sherlock growled as he was losing his patience with the teenager. "Lily sweetheart...Please?" John asked as he came in to the room and gave Sherlock a pointed stare. "I know your throat hurts but the heat will help it and I brought up some medicine."
"I was walking to bio when I saw these three boys harassing someone. They were shouting things like 'ass-bandit' and 'faggot' so I walked over to…dissuade them from using those terms." Lily said trying to be impartial and only give them the facts. "I went over with some random kid and we managed to get the three boys away the kid, who turned out to be Lucian. And the kid...s...may or may not have been sent to the nurse…then the hospital…"
"B-But what if…they hate me…for what happened? I can't…I can't…" he babbled and started to gasp until Lily took his hand.
"Why not? It's all going to the same place." Sherlock remarked making John sigh and throw and apologetic look towards Greg who was only amused.
"I don't know it's like this secret twin language they have going. And I swear they are plotting against me." Moran snarled as he dropped into a chair making the criminal mastermind blink. "Don't be ridiculous Sebby. They're twelve; they can't plot against a mouse at this point in their lives."
Lexy was a thin woman with black hair that was down to her shoulders. She smiled brightly as she waltzed into the house and (ignoring the searing glare thrown by Sherlock) hugged John tightly. "I am so sorry John I know you and he were close especially with…"
Half an hour later Lily and Lucian handed their test in with small smiles at the proctors glare. "There is no way they you were able to finish so quickly." He said then started at the twin smiles he got in return. "Fine you get your results in at the end of the week." He growled dismissing them then started to mutter under his breath about mutant offspring from homosexuals making Lily give him a worried look.
“Looks like it. He just dropped a shit ton of money on just clothes for us. But I don’t know what he’ll want in return Luce.” The girl said, using her voice for the first time in what seemed like days.
The twins started to fight between themselves but stopped when John enclosed both of them in his arms. “I love both of you very dearly, neither of you broke me. Now lets get this placed cleaned up before Sherlock comes home.” John laughed as he gave them both a kiss on the head.
'Lily! It's so good to see you home again!" Mrs. Hudson whispered as she gave the girl a hug. "They're both home so you go on up and give them a little fright."
"Do you prefer two single beds or bunk beds?" John asked gently ignoring the two bickering geniuses in the background.
The minister cleared his throat and motioned for the couple to take their respective places once again. "Now that you have joined yourselves formally in matrimony, may you strive all of your lives to meet this contract with the same sense of love and commitment. Together may you dream and may you stumble, may you restore each other and share all things serving each other and humanity cherish respect comfort and encourage each other as long as you both shall live. It is now with great pleasure that I pronounce you spouses for life. You may now kiss your husband."
"What are you doing?" She whispered as he tugged a blanket around her. "Shush. Now tell me what's wrong." He said whispered back. "I…I'm just…"
As they walked up stairs Lily was reminded of the school incident when John had to her that in order to help they needed to speak. "Lucian…we should tell him…" Lily whispered making Lucian pale and wrap himself up in his arms. "Luce…they can't help if they don't know."
"I don't know but the other cop seemed to like Sherlock, going to bat for him like that. I want to know is how he saved his life…" Lily asked and smiled at her brother as he yawned. "Well either way I'm going to keep my eyes opened and make up my own mind…" She whispered as her brother fell asleep.
alright peoples no I am not actually writing these (I'm importing them from my other account) so that's why you're getting a bunch of chapters at a time... the other sight has 18 chapters so bear with me alright?
Both twins leaned out the doorway of the bathroom and stared at the two. “We thought you were a couple.” Lucian remarked as he came out in his new clothes.
"Oh you are such a sicko…How long have you been holding them for? And I thought that you John had the decency to not let him do this." Sally said as Anderson came down stairs followed by two very confused twins. "It's alright we'll get you home." She said sweetly to the twins only to turn towards the detective with a snarl. "You are a sick fuck, kidnapping kids like this.
"Oh. 'Ello." came a little voice from behind a hedge and Sherlock and John turned to find a small girl peeking from beneath the bush. "Siobhan! Where are you girl?" Yelled a very unhappy feminine voice making the girl flinch. Suddenly a large woman came through the brush to stare at John and Sherlock. "Ello, 'ave you seen a girl 'round 'ere? She's yellow 'air and wearin a blue dress." The woman spoke and John could see Sherlock flinching at her accent. "She's underneath the bush. Just there." John said helpfully then flinched back at the scorn in the woman's eyes. "Jus' great all we needed were some more British invading our isle." She sneered before she grabbed the girl by the arm and towed her away. John frowned at Sherlock who shrugged in return. "She's Scottish." was all the detective said as he led them back to the bed and breakfast where their meal was surely on the table.
“Alright now for pens and pencils and rulers and such.” John said as he guided the children to the next aisle and a few minutes later wished that Sherlock or even Mycroft were here to reign the kids in over the debate over pens.
“Come in…er…tea?” John asked making Sherlock scoff. “John you are definitely the epitome of British manners.”
Alright people this is chapter 40...my 'planned' story ended about five chapters ago so do me a favor? see that little box down at the bottom? if you ask a question or say 'hey I want to see!' i'll more than likely include it cause after this funeral thing....I'm all out of ideas about what to do...so yea help?
“Uh.” Out of everything Greg thought he would find in the flat, two teenagers was not one of them. “John…What is going on?”
"Is this the hurt my brother and they'll never find your body speech?" He asked making the man chuckle. "No Gregory it's not it's the don't-let-the-brother-hurt-your-friend-speech."
"Oh aren't they cute?" Lexy smiled at the twins ignoring the looks she got. "Oh they are very cute…unless they're plotting." John smiled and leaned into his Sherlock, resting his head against his shoulder, which put Sherlock in a good mood. "Oh I remember plotting many things with you while you were here. Actually I believe we are still banned from the library." She laughed making him grin.
Sherlock gave a small nod. "The man they were interrogating told them where Moriarty is hiding out...We can get the kids back!"
"No idea, she's magic." Lucian responded to Jim's surprise. "Alright this has gotten out of hand." Jim sighed and walked over to his phone to call up Sebastian. "Seb, get Lily and bring her into my office." He snarled into his phone.
Sherlock woke up with a snort and took a look around him. He had fallen asleep against the wall. He had only meant to sit for a second as he was talking to the children and must have succumbed to his exhaustion.
"No John there aren't any new cases. What has gotten into the criminal classes these day anyways? There is no challenge anymore. I WANT A CHALLENGE!" he shouted as he flopped onto the couch trying to get comfortable.
The look on Sherlock's face was heartbreakingly apprehensive and extremely nervous. "Sherlock…I have never have been more sure of anything in my entire life…I. Want. You. Inside. Of. Me. Please!" John begged firmly. How can someone beg and sound so commanding at the same time? Sherlock thought to himself as he dug into the draw of the bedside table for the packets of lube and condoms he kept there (he had always hoped).
Sherlock looked at his precious violin in horror. For all his genius he did not think of all the things he couldn't bring with him.
"You'll be moving into my room it's big enough for the both of us and besides…I'll be lost without my blogger….now more than ever it would seem." Sherlock corrected to everyone's surprise and no one saw Lily tap Lucians hand in their silent code for 'I told you so' "well you both will be attending school which is obvious. But you already missed more than three fourths of the school year and I'm told that you did not attend high school with your mother, so you both will be taking the placement tests and be placed in your prospective years." Mycroft announced to the displeasure of his brother.
The next day Sherlock called the twins out of school (Which the teachers were thankful for) and when Noon finally came everyone was tense. He and John had sat down with Lucian an hour before hand to tell him what was going on for they all agreed that it would be best to keep him in the dark until Mycroft arrived. "Where is she?" Lily growled wanting it to be over and done with as soon as humanly possible. "She's probably on her way over right now." John remarked and even though he exuded a calm exterior Sherlock could see his nerve reflected in his tightened grip on his tea cup. Finally there came a knock on the door making everyone jump.
Moriarty was sitting at his desk while Sebastian filled him in on the 'special' assignment he was sent on. He had finished it quickly and quietly and had come back in a hurry. Moriarty was getting bored listening to his assassins voice drone on about the assignment.
The twins started to fight between themselves but stopped when John enclosed both of them in his arms. “I love both of you very dearly, neither of you broke me. Now lets get this placed cleaned up. Actually where is your father?” John laughed as he gave them both a hug. Then the door opened
“No, I want to talk to this security guard who told my children that they could only go someplace if they broke into it themselves.”
"Sebastian?" She asked so quietly that if it was not silent in the room he would have missed it. "Yes Lily?"
"Don't you ever talk to my children like that. It is not your place to scold them I am their parent and they came to find me. Which they did not need your permission to do so." Sherlock growled at the mortician making her pale at the look in his eyes. "S-s-sorry!" She stuttered as tears started to fall and she ran out of the room crying.
“Great now we have company…” John remarked as he pulled himself to his feet and rubbed his lower back.
"Jawn! She's vomiting! What do I do?" a wild eyed Sherlock almost shouted as he came barreling down the stairs. "Give her a bucket and get her to the loo." John said evenly as he dried the dishes. Scenes like this one was the reason he's had a headache for the last three days. "But how do I make it stop?"
"Greg it's 38 degrees in there and she's in a full suit and heels. You could have had her text me from the
"We've been over that before. As much as I would like it I don't think any partner I choose would. 'Oh hey want to come home with me? It's alright just ignore the two gay guys on the second floor...not their fine it's just my dad's." Lucian snarked making John choke on his tea with laughter and Sherlock sulk.
They walked through the olive orchard for a good hour before a man ran up to them holding out a gun. "*(#$(*$&$&)#)" He shouted making them frown.
“Alright since the other therapist was scared off you two are going to another one. John remarked as He and Sherlock escorted their children to yet another therapist.
"Aunt Deborah Hi, I'm doing well…oh this is my boyfriend Sherlock and our kids…Lucian is in the chair and Lily's the one on the floor." John replied as he led her into the living room.
Harriet gasped at the girls language then glared, only to be glared right back at. "You don't speak to me like that little girl!"
"The window is always an option." Lily finished with a bright smile then growled as John pulled her away only to push her towards Sherlock. "What do you want Harriet?"
"Yea." He sighed and nuzzled his face into Sherlock's collar bone. "I love you too by the way." he sighed then glared as his pillow moved. "Now...Not so much."
It took only a few minutes before it was completely finished and John handed the teenager back her shirt.
Sherlock stared at the floor for a good minute before answering. "So I can find out what he wants. Or at least apologize for what I said. I didn't mean those words I was just so frustrated and so angry with myself..."
? or the security guard who decided to tell two impressionable teenagers to break the law for his own amusement?” Sherlock interjected as he leaned back and steepled his fingers. He had drawn the metaphorical line in the sand. Now all that remains to be seen is if they would toe the line or just jump over it with both feet.
“Sherlock…we need to talk.” John said not wanting to open with bad news but knew that the sooner he told him, the better.
"What is it?" The girl asked, eager to please her new friend. "Where is your brother?" He asked and instead of letting out a giggle the teenager scoffed at his question. "Who cares?"
John glared at his husbands features. "Your sex vacation can easily be turned into a solo vacation you know. Now tell me what is really going on!"
This story is currently under revision and will be published under the name Accidental Daddy Take Two.
"Lily! I found wire and solder items!" Lucian whispered excitedly as Lily walked around pretending to be happy to take pictures. "Where?" She smiled as she took a photo of her beloved brother. "Sebastian's room. But he's going to be gone for at least a week!"
“Or how about you just hear him out. He might have something for you and our walls might survive. Besides…” John trailed off as he opened the door and could only stare.
"You will leave my children alone!" Sherlock shouted making everyone jump and Mycroft stare. "No Sherlock I will not. Look at them they can barely function without the presence of the other and it is extremely unhealthy." Mycroft argued and John saw that he was not trying to be mean or cruel. He was honestly worried about the twin's mental health. "Mycroft I've taken each of them out separately and their fine as long as they aren't nervous." John remarked thinking back to some shopping trips with Lucian and Lily. "You will leave my children alone they are not unhealthy! They are just having a reaction to a new environment by clinging to something familiar which happens to be each other so LEAVE THEM ALONE!" Sherlock shouted and continued when Mycroft started to speak. "No, you are not their father I am. You saw to that by bringing them here. So now John and I will make the decisions concerning the twins!" He announced making them said. "Well said Sherlock. But my concern is not about Control Sherlock I am honestly worried about the two of them." Mycroft started then sighed as his phone went off. "Please be sure to have them at St. Barnabas by nine o'clock to take the entrance exam." He said then left with a sigh.
"The violin case isn't air tight. The damp would get in and not only ruin the strings and bow but it would also warp the wood. That violin would never sound the same again."
Mycroft smiled gently as Greg came over to wrap the army doctor in a hug. "Congratulations man! You finally nabbed the bastard!" He laughed and patted John on the back making him grin.
"John do you think this was a good idea?" Sherlock asked quietly while he watched his offspring walk away. "Of course, this way they like their bedding…But that's not what you were talking about was it?" John asked gently, leading his best friend over to one of the tables.
"take the word 'Kilt' put an 'S' in front of it and change the 'L' to an 'R' and you have the word skirt."
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he watched John out of the corner of his eye. “Just let Anderson know that if he touches my daughter again, they will never find his body.” He said and watched John speak quietly to the kids. “Now if you excuse me, I have to go calm my children down from the scare you gave them.
"You know I can tear either of you two out of here at a moment's notice right? I mean you are my children…and Lucian…Bill has missed you guys something terrible. And there is so much you will have to make up for… especially since the last time you weren't exactly…nice to him." Lavonia grinned as Lucian started to visibly shake and looked as though he was about to vomit. "If you two don't cooperate I'll have to rip you out of here so fast that your heads will spin. And the first thing I'll do is give you to him Lucian…gift wrapped…"
“Apparently the chief doesn’t like the fact that I have a life away from Scotland yard.” Sherlock grumbled as he flopped down on John’s chair and pulled out his phone to send a text.
The next morning the new couple woke up in complete bliss and just laid there, stroking their hands across the others skin, basking in the wonder of each other. Suddenly Sherlock noticed something…or rather noticed something was not there to be noticed. "John…Where are the children?"
"Kyle look at me…Your seventeen years old. The man who took my children is not only in his 30's but is also a professional assassin; you NEVER stood a chance against him now stop this." Sherlock said and before John could scold him, Kyle drew himself up. He seemed to gain some semblance of strength from Sherlock's words. "You're right; tears aren't going to help find them. What can I do?" The teenager asked making his father smile proudly.
"Sherlock…if you don't want this to happen or change anything then it won't…" He said then kissed his detective slowly.
"Now's not the time love" John sighed then gasped and squirmed when his Sherlock started to bite. "But..." Sherlock frowned as he tried to keep a wriggling John in his lap. "The machine isn't dangerous its just an intricate puzzle." Sherlock went silent which worried John even further. "Sherlock…you don't think it's…Do you?" John asked quietly making Sherlock's gaze snap back to his little lover. "Honestly? I have no idea if it's him or not. But John, that tune…I was taught to dance by that tune… Stardust one of my mother's favorites…"
"When we were on the couch and you asked about the glycerin." Sherlock lifted on eyebrow at the question then slunk back at the look on his lovers face.
"Well your grandparents house is off limits for now so you two are coming back to stay with Mycroft and me while your parents are on their honeymoon."
"That's alright, you were just curious…But do me a favor and next time just ask alright?" he gave his best smile which was generally reserved for women a little older then the girl in front of him.
"I know what I said was extremely out of line." Sherlock started then took a deep breath. "The fact that I hurt you so badly...It kills me. I mean I shouldn't have said that. I know it's not true. You have always been there for me even when we weren't together. You've always been there for me; especially with the twins...I know they are just as much yours as they are mine. I mean you were there every time I stumbled with them and have always been a rock. And I took advantage of that. It doesn't matter how frustrated and angry I was at myself when I said those things. It only matters because I hurt you. You aren't useless, not even a little bit. If anything you are extremely useful. You always help me remember when to eat and sleep and I am so sorry that I said those lies. And I know that you didn't think it was just another case to solve. It was never just another case for you."
Five minutes later everyone was seated in the drawing room, a cup of tea in front of each. "Tea, tea, tea, why is it always tea?" Lily whispered to her brother who only shrugged, indifferent to her plight, one which everyone else had forgotten as well.
John and Sherlock sat up from the couch, their lips red and swollen from their obvious snogging session. “Alright the main thing to remember is that it wasn’t my fault.” Lily began with making them frown.
Back in the cab John turned towards Sherlock opening his mouth only to close it again multiple times. "Either you have something to say or you are doing a very bad impression of a fish…" Sherlock remarked not looking up from his mobile. "It's just…How do you know it wasn't the twins?" John asked and prepared to be scorned. "Oh no, you misunderstand John, I know it was them. But they were not doing it out of scorn or misplaced entitlement. You see Tinsdale must have said or done something to them to earn such animosity and be the victim of their pranks. This is their way of getting revenge on a teacher. Clever of them to not have any witnesses…I wonder how they managed it…"
Dr. Julia Verone was sitting in her office preparing for her next patient when they called and canceled their appointment. Which she was thankful for as she now had the time to read over the notes her secretary took on a set of twins.
The next few days were tense to say the least. Lavonia was charged with prostitution, possession of illegal narcotics, child endangerment, and possession with intent to distribute and just about everything that they could think of. But the twins were now Sherlock and John's complete with the last name and everything. Peace returned to 221B Baker Street…well almost.
"Oh good you're all here." Mycroft announced as he settled onto Johns deciding not to ignore the fact that the twins immediately joined hands. "Relax children I am not here to spirit you away from here. Just to remind your father that your entrance examination is tomorrow." Mycroft said then brushed imaginary lint off his trousers. "Why do you feel the need to tell me what I already know?" Sherlock almost snarled the words only to calm after john placed a hand on his arm.
“No offence to your father but he forgets to feed himself never mind another living person!” She remarked and shook a finger at Sherlock. “I hope you realize that you cannot keep your lab up here anymore young man. There are children here now and that makes it even more dangerous than usual no matter how old they might be. Now you are more than welcome to use the basement for whatever experiments you wish but you are
"Plotting to take over the world. All we need now are rubber bands, a thousand yellow rubber duckys and three ounces of plutonium." Came the response making John laugh out loud, earning him a glare.
Lucian sighed and as he sat down he folded his arms on his knees to give Lily his best 'put upon' look. "Well I'm all out of ideas." he said and Lily sighed along with him. "Same here." She replied as she flopped down beside him. "What about your school work?" Greg interjected. "All done"
“What?!” Came the indignant cry from under the table where the detective was no doubt pretending to clean.
He opened the door to find Sherlock standing on the other side, dripping wet. 'Oh hell no' John thought as he moved to slam the door closed.
"Withdrawal starting already Lavonia? What are you on now? I see you've been shooting cocaine and heroin but you must have taken a lot of cocaine for the bugs to be hitting you now… that's why you're so jumpy right now. Now what kind of father would I be if I left my children alone with a known drug addict?" Sherlock remarked making her grit her teeth. "Don't act as if your any better SHERLY after all you forget. The last time I saw you, you were passed out in the back of an alley too drugged out to even remove the needle from your arm!" She snarled then grunted as Lily slammed her open palm against her cheek.
"Technically I only patched him up a few times." John said making Sherlock stare at him with a concerning look on his face. (Not that John noticed, he had after all, known Sherlock for a few years now and was strangely used to the up-close stare that Sherlock had patented just to freak him out of afternoon naps)
Thinking on her feet has always been one of her strong suits while being intelligent and fragile looking was two more. All these traits together made her a force to be reckoned with and with a quick swipe of her arm she spread the blood to her head and face.
Greg stopped that line of thought right there by grabbing his lovers hand and pulling him into his lap. "First of all stop squirming. Second of all I am not cheating on you with Anthea, my mother always told me to respect and protect woman. Something that I have always taken seriously and yes I know that she does not need protecting, least of all from an old Detective Inspector, but she helps keep you safe and that is the most important part of her job. At least it is for me. She also lets me know what kind of day you are having so that way I know when you need me. So yea I'm going to stand up for her, even against you. Because let's face it she's not just a minion anymore and sending a woman through a police division unarmed and wearing at least three or four layers is not the smartest thing. That poor woman was almost dying by the time she got to my office and yes I had a few words with the officer who pinched her bum. He shouldn't be doing that at all never mind to Anthea. But what is between Anthea and I is nothing more that friendship…though I am starting to think of her as part of the family because yes, she is free when you are busy and yes I do bring her lunch when I bring yours as well…she looks like she could use it too. Now does that answer all your questions?"
“Alright it seems as though that detective has fallen off the face of the earth yet again. Per protocol I want you to take your team and do a drugs bust and find out if he’s gone off the deep end or not.”
Greg sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose with one hand. "Yes and my name is GREG not Gregoravich."
Also feel free to point out any mistakes you find on here. I had a bit of trouble because my computer suddenly went dead (At least some of it's keys did) so I have to write it on notepad on another computer, transfer it to this one paste it on a word document, then upload it to the web… which I cannot do on this site as I have to copy and paste...which sucks! they should allow you to just grab a file from your phone/computer!
John sighed and rested his head on the back of Sherlocks shoulder. "Sorry I forgot how much of an airhead she can be."
"Mr. Holmes…your children are a menace. Its only the second day of classes and your children have filled the lockers with crickets, glued down everything on a Professor's desk which they managed to nail to the ceiling, glued a few class doors shut, saran wrapped Professor Tinsdales car which they managed to get onto the roof, and set off confetti cannons in his office…" Headmaster Carey almost snarled making them stare. "Hold on a second….They mainly did this to Professor Tinsdale?" Sherlock asked as the wheels turned in his head at the 'yes'.
"Sorry about them Sherlock…. and congratulations on your kids…they do look a lot like you but in a good way." Greg joked and held out a hand to Sherlock who looked at him in confusion but shook it anyway.
Sherlock wrapped himself around his blogger like a human blanket; he had wanted to do this ever since he returned. "Deal"
John and Sherlock sat at the head of the table talking quietly between themselves, obviously trying to figure something out. "No I don't understand who wrote this. My vows aren't in my handwriting. I know I didn't write them down."
"What is going on?" Lucian asked frowning down at the angered woman then moved back when she tried to touch him. "She thinks we kidnapped you two." John sighed as he rubbed his temples.
"Now Sherlock, I want you now." John growled and started rifling through Greg’s bedside table looking for anything to use as lube.
After getting the twins settled (which was a feat in of itself as Sherlock was absolutely convinced that children needed a bed time story to go to sleep and only after arguing with john for an hour about 'age appropriateness' did he finally relent) John and Sherlock settled into bed. "Okay remind me again why my bed was burned and then thrown out?" John asked as his friend kept trying to snuggle with him. "It was too big to drag in here." Sherlock remarked as his blogger kept wiggling away. "okay…will you stop that? What are you doing?" John finally snapped as Sherlock managed to gain a hold on his waist and yank him back.
"Unfortunately that happens Lily...we definitely see the worst of people in our line of work. But then there's people like John and Kyle out there who seem to make the entire world just a little brighter just by existing." Sherlock comforted.
I'm going to continue it in a sequal! Because lets face it, Sherlock is no longer an Accidental Daddy, he's doing a good job and this story is getting stupidly long! So this chapter is going to be The Proposal and some of the wedding planning (With the children of course).
"Digital pictures always come out to... clean. I like the slight blurriness of the disposable camera." Lily whispered and moved to hide behind her brother.
"Did they ever get the doors unlocked?" He asked making her chuckle. "Eventually and Mr. Hilson's room still smells like chickens." She laughed.
Sherlock laid his best friend down onto the bed down as carefully as possible only to hover over him, covering every inch of exposed skin with gentle kisses and paying homage to Johns wounded shoulder. "God you taste good!" He muttered as he lifted himself up to claim John's lips again, pausing only for the army doctor to remove his shirt. "My turn." John rasped as he rolled them over to use his teeth and tongue on Sherlock's chest, trying to wring out every moan and delicious gasp as he could. Why the hell didn't I try this sooner? He thought as his chin his Sherlock's belt buckle and he lifted his hands to remove it only to pause. "Can I?" He asked tentatively.
“Your father is a chemist. Particularly brilliant one at that” He said out loud then leaned in to whisper “Don’t let him go on about tobacco ash unless you’re having trouble sleeping.”
That's when he caught sight of Lily holding a finger to her lips and the slim punk rock girl creeping up behind his husband.
"Yes I did fall for that and Moriarty fell for Lucians act as well. Congratulations, you managed to pull one over on us, something not even your father could have done."
"Fine fine fine. Don't know why you won't at least hear him out since…" John trailed off making Sherlock huff. "What is it that has you so tongue tied?" He asked but received no answer.
John had long stopped questioning their fashion sense. Now he just questioned where they got the clothes…but not out loud. "Are you two going to be warm enough?"
"Alright dear your turn." He grinned at his husband who smiled back at him then motioned towards the chair making him groan. Sherlock held his head high as he sat down, crossed his arms across his chest then placed one foot on John's leg as he knelt down. With deft fingers and not a little bit of squirming John finally found the garter and with a quick pull, removed it from Sherlock's thigh. "Are you ready for this?" He grinned up at his husband. This got Sherlock's attention, or rather the grin did as it was usually a precursor to John pulling a prank. (Though usually it was the children that was the target of that grin. Sherlock remembers falling asleep upright in a door way and waking up to being stapled to the floor.)
"Here it comes." Lucian whispered in Lily's ear as they watched Neil place a crown of twigs on his head and close his eyes. "I know…we should get out of here." Lily whispered back as they watched the teen pull a pistol out of their father's desk and cast their eyes towards John and Sherlock, waiting for the precise moment to make their escape.
John walked over and unplugged the blender then he turned off the mixer that was coughing out the white powder everywhere.
Jim was sitting at his desk when Lucian walked into his office, covered in red paint. "What the hell happened to you?" He asked staring at the teenager. "Lily booby trapped my room" he growled and started to sit down in the chair but then thought better of this. "Where did she get the red paint from?" Jim asked astounded.
Lily gave the detective inspector a strange look before turning to his son. "Does he always talk like that?" She questioned making him nod. "Alright what needs to be discussed?"
be the parents, not just I. And as for a consenting parent…I never said that I would let you speak to my children at all…” Sherlock announced as, he too, stood and gathered his belstaff. “Now I believe you will hear from our barristers, have a good day madam try not to eat any children on your way out.”
"Lets see...A teapot...no sorry an entire tea set...how the hell? Never mind...A flask... a pair of handcuffs...I don't think dad wants those back now that I REALLY think about it...a baton and...really?"
Soon he was open enough and Sherlock scooted behind him using the lube already on his fingers to coat his cock. "Now John?"
“Excuse me sir?” Came a rough voice from beside them and they both looked up, Sherlock licking his hands while John was sipping his tea. “Are these yours?”
Later that night Mycroft was sitting in bed reading a book when Greg came in to flop down on him, effectively breaking his concentration. "Is it just my imagination or have the twins' separation anxiety and codependency virtually disappeared?" He asked as he shifted to lay across his lover. "Yes now stop shifting."
“Come on John I know you have the brain power to finish a thought.” Sherlock snapped then lifted himself off the couch with a growl to see his blogger staring at something beyond the doorway with wide eyes.
John looked at Greg with amazement before Sherlock broke that bubble. "Let me guess, he needed your help but by the time you got there it was already finished? Then it was 'well you're here so let’s have dinner' excuse then he brought you back to his hotel room."
"Really?" Greg whispered in his boyfriends ear making him blush even more. "I missed you too." He said before wrapping himself around Mycroft’s arm.
Lily blinked at her grandfathers gentle smile. She did not know how to handle this man so she did what anyone would do in her current situation. She imitated John, giving him a curt nod before shuffling away.
"Come let's get you home so you can cool down." Mycroft wasn't feeling a bit guilty…no he wasn't, and if you tell Greg you will quickly find yourself in Antarctica.
John held up a hand seeing the warning signs of an argument brewing and said two words to stop it in its tracts. "Baking incident."
She had found a toggle switch and insulated copper wire in a random supply closet at the end of the hall and ran into the garden.
Sherlock gave a curt nod and Greg tried not to laugh as the Consulting Detective imitated his Blogger. "Alright then, I should be off. I wonder what the kids have cajoled John into now…last week they convinced him that yes they could bring a puppy home…Named it Gladstone and the thing ate my one of my shoes."
John smiled as he laid his head on Sher locks shoulder as they spun to the romantic song. John knowing he'd love the song forever.
Kyle and Lucian chased Lily through the house and into the backgarden where the girl turned on her pursuers. "You'll never take me alive!" she shouted then her eyes went wide as she saw a shadowy figure step out behind a bush to slam the butt of a semi-auntomatic into the back of Kyles head. "Lucian! RUN!" she screamed but he too was knocked unconscious before he could move. "I think I will take you alive, now are you going to come easy? Or do I have to shoot your brother?" The tall blond man smiled as he stepped forward, gun still trained on Lucian.
Sherlock opened his mouth to talk but closed it as John held up a hand again. "Nope, my turn. Yes I am a little apprehensive over have a dog in the house, especially a puppy but if you and the twins want to take care of him that's a different thing. First we need dog supplies unless you have dog dishes, a bed, and a collar and leash hiding around here somewhere."
"I don't understand…Professor Tinsdale?" John asked turning towards Sherlock. "Professor Tinsdale was the proctor of the exam remember? I guess he said something that the children did not like and decided to repay him…by the way how do you know it was our children that did this?" Sherlock asked ignoring the double take and small smile John shot at the word 'our'. "Well Professor Tinsdale said…"
Sherlock stepped out of the bathroom having washed off all of the contaminates from the aeroplane and its passengers when he had to stop and smile at the sight that lay before him. Quite literally in fact.
"Just needed the company I think I need a pet or something. My apartment is too quiet sometimes." Lucian sighed as he sat down on the couch.
"Alright you two, Sherlock you go put on these, John put on these." Greg grinned as he handed the couple a pile of clothes. Both men wore a pair of jeans and t-shirts. John's t-shirt was rainbow tie-dye with the words "I WANT THE D" in large pink letters while Sherlocks t-shirt was white with a unicorn throwing up rainbows in a toilet bowl. On the back read 'So gay pukes rainbows and cums glitter' in large black letters on the back. Neither men were amused. But both were surprised when Greg suddenly hand cuffed the two together with a grin. "John I take it this is the start of those pranks you were talking about?"
John sighed as he rubbed the bridge of his nose. “Alright alright you’ve made your point now please stop…But it’s still not right to take these…”
He had been standing in the living area, plucking at his violin as the twins quietly sat on the couch, Lucian sketching something in his drawing pad and Lily reading.
Good God! Sherlock thought as he broke the kiss only to give a moan as John's mouth started to trail down his neck. When the hell did I get on the bottom? Was his last coherent thought as he felt Johns teeth against the nape of his neck, causing his animal instincts to rise.
Sherlock was kneeling on the bed, moaning obscenely as he used one hand to start opening himself up, making the doctor harden even more. They hadn't done it this way before and John was, admittedly, curious about the difference. "God Sherlock." John muttered as Sherlock started to crawl over towards him. "I think I need help, I don't think I did it right." His eyes glimmered at his words and he grinned as John was immediately behind him, slicking his fingers. "Hold still love...There we go." He growled as he pushed two fingers into his husband and started to thrust his digits in and out before scissoring them, making the detective squirm and wriggle. "More John."
"LUCIAN!" she almost screamed as she was led into a blue room holding her brother. Quickly she threw herself into her brother's arms, silently letting him know what game they were playing. Luckily they had played this game many times before and he knew exactly what to do and what part to play.
She skipped the page on what had happened to the twins. She always felt that children were more comfortable telling her what had happened rather than her just having prior knowledge of it.
"Father, Dad. Don't tell me they're yours. How much did you pay for them to say that?" Harriet exclaimed making the twins glare.
John stared open mouthed at the detective until he lifted one elegant hand and gently pushed his bloggers jaw closed. "So the reason you don't…is us?" Lucian asked unbelieving. "Yes…I just said that…were you not listening?" Sherlock asked then winced as John popped him on the back of the head making his little girl laugh. "Ow…and now that's cleared up I'm off to bed…come along John." He said almost dragging him out of the room/
Lily was dressed in a short black skirt with fishnet stockings and steel toe boots. Her t-shirt was ripped in several places and had a picture of a unicorn being eaten by zombie gnomes. Her black hair was down for the first time in a while and she was wearing a multitude of jelly bracelets and one spike one. Her hair was held out of her face by a barrette with a small skull on it. Hanging from the black belt was a small blue duck with a chain around it's neck.
"Well either way it’s not safe here for any of you, Mrs. Hudson is going to her sisters and as for you four...we have to keep you safe and Baker Street just doesn't qualify as safe anymore." Mycroft smiled grimly making John and Sherlock groan while the twins simply gave them an odd look
Not Enough! Sherlock thought as he pressed John onto the couch to feast on his mouth like a starving man, swallowing in his friends moans in a desperate kiss.
"KYLE" Lily harshly whispered as she tapped gently on his door. "Jesus Lil, give me a second." Kyle growled as he opened the door to find the twins on the other side. Lily's arms were loaded with bedding while Lucian's were full of snacks and a few movie cases. "Movie night and you're our prisoner for the duration."
Mycroft stared at the twins for a second before turning towards John. “Disregard the last sentence and that’s basically what happened. But in their defense it was actually Sherlock’s fault.” John smiled
"Never mind dear brother, the spy found out that Moriarty has a house in southern Greece and more than likely that is where the children are being kept." Mycroft smiled at his brother. "Now have a team already set up but I know that you two would sneak over anyway. Instead of doing that, I am going to allow you to come with us but I want you two to hang back while the team clears the house. Are you actually going to listen?"
He never got to finish that sentence as the twins threw themselves at him and wrapped themselves around him in a hug, both babbling their thanks to him.
The man led them through the house and into a small library. “I had had your DNA tested and as it turns out you are the biological children of my brother Sherlock. Now I hope that you wish to meet him.”
John had been waiting for them to come back and walked over to sit in his chair, he looked over and the puppy was still asleep in Sherlocks chair, snoring lightly. Nice now the stage is set.
The secretary was aghast while the children laughed before apologizing for their bad behavior then giving him a hug goodbye.
"Oh my god! HEY!" they shouted and started waving their arms to get the attention of passing vehicles.
He knew exactly what to say and when to say it so that his target kept up with what is essentially a monologue. One that has a nasty habit of incriminating the person speaking.
The next morning found Sherlock waiting (impatiently) for his offspring to descend the stairs, eager to show them his new experiment concerning the tensile strength of spider webbing before they left for school. "Er...Hey..." Lucian started off as he was met with the Image of his father.
"FIND THEM!" Moriarty roared as he shoved everything off his desk. "I want them hunted down and found!"
just a short chapter to follow the last. been a few days since i posted so ya'll get two chapters today.
Lily was wearing a floor length gown that started off a heather grey but faded into an icy blue at the bottom. She was carrying a bouquet of purple roses mixed with blue hydrangeas. Her long black hair was half pinned up and had some braids that fell to the side of her face where Anthea had twined in some heather. Anthea even did Lily's makeup for the wedding, darkening her eyes with black eyeliner and adding in a purple eyeshadow. Mixed with the dark red lips Lily was the picture of a fairy princess. (John knew it was going to be fun when the world population of boys discovered how beautiful she was. He was already planning on getting a shot gun and lets face it, Sherlock knew how to hide a body and not get caught)
“Well if you want to pull out your maths binder then it’s easier to think that you need a red or yellow then flipping through all the other binders before you find it.”
Sherlock woke groggy with an unfamiliar form holding onto him. "What the...?" He asked as he looked down, the knot of panic that had formed In his chest loosened considerably when he recognized his daughters hair. "Mmnnee" She growled when he shifted and suddenly he was looking into some very sad eyes. "Sorry sweeting I fell asleep...want some soup?" He asked dumbly as the urge to pat her on the head grew until all he wanted to do is cuddle her as he rocked her sick form. I definitely have to ask John about that." He thought as he quietly made his way downstairs after his daughter nodded.
"Er, actually I'm in your Calculus, Biology and Religious Education classes… You're taking really advanced classes by the way. But no we've never actually met…anyway I didn't need to know you to help you. No man should put his hands on a woman unless their armed…there is no reason to do so." Kyle stated then blushed at Lily's stare.
Then some kid ran over. He gave the guys hoody a yank which knocked him down. On the way down the rugby player hit his head on the lockers which knocked him unconscious. Lucian then kicked out at the other boy (In his own defense!) catching him in the stomach. The boy promptly vomited which luckily missed Lucian and the other kid. One boy had a concussion another had a dislocated arm and the other just a really sore stomach. The teacher saw fit to send them to the hospital even though one was fine except for some bruising.
John opened the twins door and was immediately assailed by a small black fur ball that whined and scratched at his legs to be picked up.
John walked over and unplugged the blender then he turned off the mixer that was coughing out the white powder everywhere.
Sherlock turned towards the officer, words of venom on the tip of his tongue. But before he could unleash them, Lucian and Lily both tugged on his coat.
"I just wanted to apologize… Luce and I didn't know that we were freaking you out." She whispered as she took a small step back. "We were just curious that's all."
yea its a cliff hanger ending...never really done one before but i had to split this chapter into two parts...sorry but the next one will be up next week!
“No not bribe I think of it like this, the kids don’t have criminal records, Mycroft wasn’t involved, and we can get anything here…By the by kids. How was the air tower?” He asked absentmindedly.
"Who are you to Sherlock?" She asked suddenly as she pierced him with startling blue green eyes. John shook his head and straightened his shoulders, moving jerkily under her gaze. "Um, no offense but I don't see how this concerns you…Who are you to Sherlock?" He asked narrowing his eyes as he realized that this conversation was running along the same lines as another he had almost six years ago.
"Alright Lily you will be sitting here…Lucian I want you over at that desk…I would rather you not infect my class with your behavior…god knows what you two do behind closed doors but your… lifestyle outside of the class is not my concern though if I hear any word of your…fathers you will have detention. I don't want their homosexuality to infect my students…" He sneered and sat the twins as far away from each other as humanly possible.
"Oh…and how do you like your father dating a man?" Deborah asked the two children honestly curious and that was the only reason she didn't get her head bitten off by anyone.
Lily groaned as she opened her eyes. The light was so blinding that she immediately closed them again. 'He didn't have to drug me.' she thought to herself before sitting up and looking around the room.
“no you both listen to me. Both of you have had a hell of a life especially in the last few months. Lily you wake up screaming about blood. That isn’t healthy and while Sherlock and I can help you with many things you need to talk to someone. And I don’t believe you’re comfortable talking to us about that yet.” John took a breath and continued as Sherlock put a supportive hand at his back. “I’ve had to get therapy before and it’s not just for the insane. It can also help with Post Traumatic Stress and…I think you have it Lily.”
“Just came by to see if you need anything, John I heard about your uncle, my sympathies on that part, is there anything I can do to help?” Mycroft asked making the Detective spitting mad.
This was going to be a huge mess. All he wanted was to get the two settled in a bit before Lestrade and the others poked their noses into the children's lives. "No we know that you kidnapped them because who in their right mind would let the freak and his boyfriend babysit their children?" Sally snarled making the twins blink.
"Alright so everything is set, everything is ready. There will be no issues..." John muttered to himself the day before the wedding as Lily watched him pace the small hotel room. They had decided that no one was to stay at 221B baker street and both groom received their own hotel rooms (In different hotels). The twins had even decided to split up and spend the night with their parents should they need them. So far they had been right for even though John was pacing back and forth he was taking the strain better than his fiancé.
“Alright we would like to hear what the children have to say.” The head barrister finally stated. She fast rising up and not through any dishonest means.
Sherlock had always thought that sex with John was a gently thing. Easy friction, gentle hands and a slow build. But this time it was different. This time had harsh bruising hands, teeth that nipped and bit and they rolled around to increase skin to skin contact.
"Yes I remembered watching a documentary with Father on triangulation and how if you had pictures of everywhere around a place you can find it through the landmarks.
"I miss the children! Alright? Are you happy now that I have said it? I miss our children!" The detective roared at his blogger who couldn't help but smile. "Oh thank god. What the hell are we doing here anyways?" John laughed as he sat down next to his husband and leaned against him. "We're on a honeymoon. Everyone said it was supposed to be romantic and secluded with only the two of us." Sherlock rumbled feeling ashamed over his actions. "Sherlock...we aren't that kind of couple. I love you. I really do. But we aren't the type of people to just spend a month in a bed and breakfast with only ourselves for company." John soothed as he started to rub his husbands back. "Why not?" The detective was confused.
Sherlock lay propped up against the headboard, one leg stretched out on the bed before him while the other perched on the floor. In his hands, long forgotten, an old book lay face up, resting against his finger tips. What surprised the army doctor was the Image of Lily, standoffish and mistrustful Lily, lay curled up against her father, head against his shoulder and fingers grasping onto Sherlock's shirt, as if afraid to let go.
finally the twins get reunited with john and Sherlock...because I've grown tired of keeping them apart. I know probably should draw it out a little more but I feel kind of bad for them. So here's a short reunion chapter, the next one is going to be all fluffiness and feels
"NO just no. Sherlock you can't abandon the flat for a month to prove that some insane man managed to survive in the woods for a week!" John responded as he slammed himself into his chair. "Hello children."
"Ah, Duncan this is Sherlock my boyfriend and our kids Lily and Lucian." John made the introductions and when Duncan went to go shake Sherlocks hand he was ignored. So he turned to smile at the twins only to be glared at as well. Then when his back was turned Lily picked up a stick and started to poke him in the back with it. Which made Sherlock smile but John glare.
"Other than that what can you tell me about the house?" Mycroft almost begged the young girl only to be pushed away by John.
SMUT AHEAD LOTS OF SMUT (No I didn't write it...my friend Kevin did so Muah for him for doing it....lots of love to him)
After leaving his children with Molly Sherlock went to the lab and started picking apart the case files not realizing what was going on in her office.
"Alright…Sherlock?" John asked gently trying to get their father in on the conversation. "Yes?" He responded breaking out of his stupor only to give the doctor a confused look when he tilted his head towards the twins in an obvious effort to make Sherlock participate. "How are you two with explosives?" He asked then flinched when John smacked him upside the head.
Her name was Dr. Verone and she seemed to be the nice sort and after an extensive background check (Mycroft insisted) he made an appointment for them for the following Wednesday.
That was when Greg noticed that Sherlock had not followed his kids and boyfriend out the door and the aging DI turned to see the Consulting Detective leaning against the wall, staring at him.
"Ah, Mycroft!" Mycroft glared at the happy john as he let in into the pandemonium that was 221B Baker Street. "Dear brother…what are you doing?" He asked as he watched Sherlock tear apart their living room. "Oh just ignore him he lost his mobile. Would you like a cuppa?" John asked as he rolled his eyes at his lovers antics and simultaneously ushering Mycroft into the kitchen. "Yes please…did you try calling it?" He asked.
Sherlock and the twins immediately gathered around John and tried to sooth the man who smiled gratefully.
"What's going on? What is she wearing?" Sherlock asked as he walked in and John mentally curse said god. "They don't want to wear their uniforms to school and I said they had too…" John said, sending Sherlock a look that said 'agree or you're sleeping on the couch' making him stare. "I like them...why don't you want to wear them?" Sherlock obviously read his friends expression correctly and made his progeny scoff at him. "Told you he was weird." Lily snarked making Sherlock grimace. "I thought we liked weird…" Lucian asked as Lily crossed her arms. "Now it's up for debate." She grumbled before snatching her uniform and stomping up the stairs. "Alright enough of that!" John shouted up the stairs after her before placing his head on the wall with a sigh. At best it was like having two Sherlock's in the house constantly bickering, either at each other or with him. "Come here." Sherlock rumbled and pulled his blogger against his chest to stoke his hair. "Those two have been driving me up the wall all day asking if I purposely killed someone to get fired and you don't want to know what they did to the microwave. Apparently your need to experiment is genetic. There's no other excuse for it!" John babbled to his roommate.
Over the next few weeks John was extremely busy as the flu season hit London tremendously hard. Unfortunately for Sherlock this meant that criminals were way to sick to create any interesting crimes.
John and Sherlock walked through the small village and John pointed out all the small stalls on the roads. "It's very quiet here." Sherlock announced while they were in the small market. He announced it very loudly gaining the attention of more than a few people. One of which was not to happy about him. "Why are the english always invading us? Oh I know probably because England is the Mexico of Scotland." He sneered at the detective.
The baker sighed again then tried a different tactic. He pulled four new plates and placed a few dollops of different icing on the surface. "Alright going from left to right the outer ring is all buttercream icings. Vanilla, chocolate, lemon, cream cheese, strawberry, raspberry, almond and honey. The ring inside of that is the same flavors only in glaze form and the inner most ring is also the same flavors but the style is called 'boiled frosting' and is a denser then the other icings." The baker said and backed away slowly. John liked all of them while Lily stayed away from the chocolate flavors. Lucian and Sherlock both said that the boiled frosting tasted like flavored marshmallows and everyone but Lily thought that the glaze was too sweet.
“Well first you both need full physicals and then shots. I’ll describe everything before I do anything so neither of you are surprised at what happens alright?”
Suddenly they weren't in the woods any more. Not a proper woods anyway. These woods had strange trees filled with green and black berries. "What the hell is that smell?" Lucian asked out loud and cursed as his sister shrugged.
Sure enough Lucian came down with the flu the next day and both twins were bed ridden and poor Sherlock was beside himself.
He found Lily two inches away from the skull staring intently into the eye sockets and Lucian eyeing the moose head.
Lucian thought about it for a second before he stood up and did something that not only shocked the criminal but shook him to his core. Lucian, the hostage, HUGGED him. "Thank you for listening and I will DEFINATELY take your advice!" he said then rushed out of the room.
Any outsider would look at the two of them and see two teenagers sitting by the water fall. The girl looking as if she was about to shatter and the boy trying to keep her together. Unaware that they saw exactly what the twins wanted them to see.
"Why do you have my gun?" He asked obviously unhappy with the scene before him. Lily looked between the two and decided to intervene before her father got in trouble. "Miley Cyrus needed to die." Was all she said as she handed John his gun and led her father back to her room to hang out with her and her brother, leaving a confused John in the living room.
The meal went quickly after that with Lucian and Moriarty talking with Lily's words coming few and far between.
As much as he loved Sherlock John couldn’t stand him during long car drives. The plane was fine because they were able to entertain him long enough to touch ground. However, a car has closer quarters and there is no possible way to play a board game in one.
"Lexy is my neighbor…is she going to the funeral?" John asked and thought as Deborah shook her head. "Do you think she will be willing to watch the twins during the funeral?"
The silence on the other end of the phone worried John. "Yes, yes I do...I suppose he refuses to let you leave the flat until they get better."
"HEY!" she screeched when Johns hand whipped out to snatch the cigarette from her mouth. "We don't smoke in here." He said evenly as he put the cancer stick out in her tea cup. "Fine…but I wish to be able to talk to my children…alone." She glared as her heel started to click on the floor.
Lucian and Lily walked aimlessly through the woods. So far the only person they had seen (or any evidence of humanity come to think of it) was the old man in the olive orchard.
Sherlock grinned at that and sat down in John’s chair with a flourish. “Capital idea John. Ask me anything.”
So while Lucian distracted the short psychopath, Lily snuck into Sebastian's room, locating and grabbing the required items with ease. How she missed them before she did not know.
“Because no one uses those machines!” Sherlock grumbled as he stood up to glare at his brother. “What do you want?”
Lily and Lucian were both silent as John and Sherlock came to pick them up from their session with Dr. Travis.
Colonial Moran closed the phone and with a sigh started dismantling his sniper rifle, thinking about how odd the teenage girl was, pretty but odd.
Hey you choose, either they get kicked out of the air port (and drive eight and a half hours) or they take a plane!
A few weeks after they came back from Scotland John and Sherlock were sitting on the couch when John heard scratching up the stairs.
just a friendly reminder that if you kill the author the story ends there...just a reminder now if you will please excuse me I'm going to go hide in a corner....
Lucian looked at his plate and mumbled an apology for upsetting John while Sherlock reached over and held his hand.
"They better not be having sex in there…we sleep in there." Said a sullen Sherlock. "I hope not." John replied as he watched Sherlock straighten up the mess he made. "Okay guys thank you we're out of here!" a now happy Greg smiled at the two. "And you John…" Mycroft said making the person in question raise his eye brow. "Well played I guess I will have to keep an eye on you." Mycroft announced making Sherlock and Greg glare but only made John chuckle. "Should have expected the unexpected and not let me pull on over on you…but it did turn out for the best yes?" He asked calmly and turned a page in his book making the other men stare at him. "You really are a BAMF aren't you?" Greg asked then noted the confused looks aimed at him. "Err never mind…Lets go." Greg said as a blush crept up his neck to stain his cheeks. "Sherlock….What the hell is a BAMF?" John asked his lover who only shrugged.
"…Are you alright?" Mycroft asked peering at the man in question, having no idea what he was talking about.
Soon the dog was settled into the household and given the name 'Gladstone' by the twins. And when asked why just gave their parents a small smile and ignored the question.
Sherlock smiled faintly at the memory. It seemed so long ago that the twins were teenagers. "Come here." He said as he laid back against her headboard and smiled as she laid back against his chest, smiling as he started to read to her.
"Alright so we're going to try and behave while we're here." Lucian muttered towards his sister who eyed the small town.
Before she could open her mouth to spew more venom John simply stood, drawing everyone's attention immediately. "Before you say anything else… Lily, Lucian, we're going to your room… don't worry it will be a cold day in hell before any of us lets this evil bitch harpy get her claws into you again." John gave a cold smile at the woman before leading the twins up the stairs. He had seen a look passed between the twins and after living with them for a while he could tell when something was 'a bit not good' between the two of them.
"Sherlock what is…KYLE!" Greg almost screamed as he knelt beside his son only to be pulled back by Mycroft as John checked him over. "He's alright just unconscious, Kyle…Kyle wake up." He said as he gently woke the boy up.
"How about having the wedding in the summer under a canopy? That way it wont be stifling in there and if it rains there's a rain cover. Plus it would be cooler than standing under the sun." Lily spoke up making John run over and kiss her forehead.
"Plus we have no way to light it unless you want to try that shoe string with a stick thing...which won't work in this damp." Lily remarked giving her brother a droll stare.
John pulled Sherlock towards the bedroom and pushed him onto the mattress. "I want you Sherlock...But I don't want to wait till we get home."
“I swear to god Sherlock, if you don’t stop I’m going to push you out of the car.”  John growled at his lover who gave him a calculating look.
"it's alright love you can open your eyes now." John murmured softly as he brushed a gently hand over the girls sweat soaked hair. Slowly Lily open her eyes to reveal tired and foggy green orbs. "What hurts love?" John whispered as he continued to sooth.
The twins immediately turned around and walked outside towards the garden. They had seen all the cameras that laced every room and they needed to talk where it wouldn't be overheard.
“I can see the appeal to that. Lucian pick this one.” She said as she grabbed a sketchbook from his hand and put the other back.
“Lucian you told them that you had broke Billy’s nose prior to the incident when I did it after.” Lily’s eyes were large and sad as they stared up at him.
"Good start but needs to be more than that...Like how you feel when he smiles or how you feel when you think of life with out him. Things like that." Lucian muttered and reached for his phone even as his father grabbed for a piece of paper and a pen.
John was holding two beakers of ominous blue fluid for Sherlock when a thought popped into his head. "Sherlock?"
"Now, we three have talked this through and wish to make it known to all of you that the only reason you are not grounded for an Infinite amount of time is that you were fighting In defense of someone, namely Lucian. Now normally you all would be in horrible trouble for engaging In...Well In a brawl. But In this case we're letting it go. Honestly we can't really punish any of you for doing something that we, ourselves, would do."
Sorry had to drag Dad to bed... I don't think he realized how many of the little bottles I handed him
After the incident at the loch John took his family to the village where he treated them to ice cream and Lucian to a bag of ice for his hand. "Do all small towns have a village idiot?" Lily asked as she licked her ice cream making John laugh. "I don't know but I know this one always had one…it's genetic." He laughed and gave her a hug.
Soon they were on a private jet heading towards southern Greece. "I've never been on a private Jet before." John remarked making Greg puff up in pride. "I've been on it once when Mycroft decided that he needed my help with something."
With that Sherlock wrapped his arms around his husbands waist and drew him into a loving kiss, even bending him over backwards in a mock of a romantic movie. "Alright you two, save something for the honeymoon!" Greg laughed even as there were a few cat-calls from John's army buddies.
John stared at the detective who managed to worm his way on top of him, his eyes reflecting the little light that the telly cast and making him look like a demon…and a hungry one at that. "You're comfy…" He rumbled as he wrapped his arms around John's middle and nestling in. Not a demon more like an incubus or whatever feeds off attention. John thought as he decided to ignore his flat mate and watch the movie.
"Who was the kid?" Sherlock suddenly asked making them blink. "Carey said his name…Kyle something or other…."Lucian remarked. "Yea Kyle…Lestrades kid we were talking about it when Carey was talking with you." Lily remarked.
Kyle waited for a few minutes before looking up from his book. "At least they're keeping themselves occupied." He muttered making his father laugh. "True but I wish they would find a different subject to stalk."
"Oh nothing much...I'm just useless and this is just another case to me..." John muttered making Greg seethe. But John didn't even see his friends face as the clouds of doubt and depression swirled around to obscure his vision. Before he knew it he was hyperventilating
"LESTRADE THERE ARE CHILDREN UP HERE!" Anderson shouted suddenly making Sherlock pale, he didn't even see Anderson sneak up the stairs to John's old room.
"Do not worry John I will get them out, go inside and have a cuppa and relax I'll take care of everything." Sherlock announced and pressed his John towards the door and went to retrieve his plotting children from the car.
"What the hell? That movie isn't funny at all and it'll probably upset John with….oh." Lucian whispered to his sister who gave him an evil grin. "Exactly it'll upset him enough to soften towards Sherlock." Lily smiled at Lucian making him stare. "But I thought that was why we sat in the chair instead of the couch…"
Alright peoples, this is the Beginning of the chapter (I know Duh, but the chapter notes thing kind of disappeared on my computer...)
Lily stopped for a second and leaned on a building. "I don't know Luce. It's not like we can go back to mom. We've been sold remember? So I guess we'll just keep going." She said as she started to put her long hair into a pony tail.
Without thinking John reached for his wallet to loan his lover some pounds before he realized that Sherlock had meant the monopoly money. "Sherlock that's against the rules." He scolded making Sherlock sigh.
“Hopefully not as I would personally like to talk with her beforehand.” Sherlock growled barely pushed down the urge to throw something.
"Oy!" came a yell that had the two turning to find a short man dressed as a skater. "You two are the strangest looking couple I've ever seen." He smiled at them. "Names Raz, who might you be?"
"That is quite enough mother." Mycroft Holmes glared as he came up behind his mother and Aunt. "Well it is true My. I mean he never even thinks about what his actions will do to the Holmes name. I mean first he started with the drug addiction now he's getting married to a commoner and has two bastard children!"
"Who the devil are they?" Sherlock snapped at his elder brother who sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose.
Lily turned to eye the assassin giving him a grim smile. "You know what Sebby? I really can't believe that you fell for that whole 'I'm so sweet and innocent' charade. Kind of stupid don't you think?" She smirked and resumed her usual stance with arms crossed and one hip cocked out.
"Mother, enough. Lily had had a very trying day yesterday to say the least, even by adult standards. Now she only wanted the comfort of the only thing stable in her life, which happens to be her brother." Mycroft said from the doorway, surprising everyone with his presence.
"Who's Anderson?" Lucian asked as Lily handed john a coffee cup and an egg in a basket making him stare. "The prick who said that you two were kidnapped…"John frowned at Sherlock's language but only sighed. "The male or the female?" Lily asked handing Sherlock his own egg in a basket.
"Are you expecting someone?" John asked as he popped his head out of the kitchen. "No John I am not expecting company but its only my brother. Make him go away." Came the response from the detective on the couch who was trying very hard to be a chameleon and blend into the sofa.
“I know that you both don’t know us and are still tentative towards us, but we only have your safety in mind. So please
"Alright that's enough. First of all, Sherlock you took that amazingly well for finding out that Mycroft had known about them for five years. If it were me you would be dead or dying, so yes, he took that amazingly well. Now Sherlock…what do you wish to do with them?" John asked gently.
