Dean stormed out of the bathroom looking very panicked. “What do I do? What the hell do I do?! How did this happen?” he asked the room, but Jody and Sam couldn’t think of answers fast of enough for Dean. “Well???!!!”
“Yeah, but Sam,” Dean began, “I think you might be in labor…Cas said he saw you having a contraction like a half hour ago. And then you had the one in the kitchen. I really don’t think that this is false labor. Maybe, we should call Becky-,”
Dean helped Sam to the infirmary in the bunker, but Sam was barely staying awake. A mixture of the amount of blood he was losing and the pain he was in, he could feel himself passing out. By the time Dean got Sam on the bed he was out cold. Dean looked up at the ceiling and closed his eyes. “Cas!” he shouted. “Cas, we need you. I need you. Sammy is hurt.” When he opened his eyes Castiel stood in front of him, looking stoic as ever. “Dean, it’s been a while,” he breathed.
She took that as her cue to begin. He lifted his shirt to reveal his modest round belly that lay hidden under his black t-shirt. She squirted the gel on his stomach and began to guide the transducer across his belly. All eyes were fixated on the black and white monitor that displayed the baby that existed inside of Dean. It was the first time he’d seen his baby and he wanted to be happy about it but all he could think about was how badly he wanted Cas to be there with him. Sharing this beautiful moment. Hold each other’s hands as they watch their baby blissfully move around inside of Dean. Holding back tears he asked, “How does everything look?”
“You’re not actually listening to what Becky said, are you? She could be lying! Clearly she got her hooks into you.”
Sam chuckled. “Congratulations?” Dean rolled his eyes at his brother. He didn’t know the hell he went through to get the goddamned turkey in the goddamned oven. So, he was pretty proud of himself no matter what his brother said. “I’m shocked that you didn’t have Cas do it. I mean he did all of the hard work yesterday,” Sam teased.
He explained the whole ordeal to Becky. How Cas was in angelic jail and on trial. Dean’s baby was at risk and how they spoke with God was no help at all. She stood there with her hand over her mouth in complete shock. “And now he wants to see if he can get an archangel to help us,” Sam explained. Ethan finished his bottle and Sam picked him up to burp him. He gently patted his back and waited for him to spit up.
He went back to the sink to wash out his mouth and wipe the sheen off his face. The dizziness was still there. There was no way he could teach another class in 30 minutes. He also realized that he couldn’t drive in his condition. Fumbling for his phone, he called Dean to pick him up. Sam didn’t get in much detail when he spoke to his brother. He simply let him know that wasn’t feeling well and lucky for him, Dean didn’t ask too many questions.
Dean turned around to kiss him. “I love you too, Cas,” Dean replied. “That’s one way to begin a fresh start,” he chuckled.
She was really happy with Noah, and Sam didn’t want to ruin that, even though it wasn’t helping ease his fears about abandonment with the twins.
“So, give it to me straight, Doc. Is my baby going to die?” Dean didn’t want to dwell on the formalities. If his baby was dying, he wanted to rip the band-aid off.
Sam quickly abandoned his laundry, ran around the other side of the kitchen island, and steadied his brother. “Woah, there.” He guided him to the chair at the table and helped him sit down. “When was the last time you ate something?”
Dean took a few more breaths before answering. “Yeah, I’m good. Just a little dizzy.” About to take another step forward he felt his legs beginning to wobble.
Dean could think of at least 10 in the past few years. He’s done a lot to save Sam, like sell his soul. Not the smartest thing, but he doesn’t regret it. He may never have impregnated anyone, but it could’ve been just as bad. “I’m not saying Becky doesn’t have issues, but who doesn’t? Look at us. How many stable relationships have we’ve been in? Most nights you can’t go to sleep without a 5
“What are you waiting for?” Dean opened his mouth to protest but Sam kept going. “I know you said you wanted to wait until you and Cas were ready, but I think that you are ready. I see the way you are with Charlotte and Ethan and I think you’re totally ready. You guys would make excellent parents,” Sam said being absolutely genuine.
That made Sam a little jealous. Ever since Becky suggested that he should begin dating, that’s all he thought about. He thought about how great it would be to share something as beautiful as a baby with someone he loved. Not that he didn’t love Becky. He did, but as a sister. In no world would he be able to find someone to share his life with in his current state. “Lucky you,” Sam said bitterly.
Becky closed the door and promptly sat on the couch. She cupped her coffee in between her hands, warming them. “Morning,” she said.
Dean sat up in bed and his demeanor changed from relaxed to tense. “The last time you told me that you said that an angel found out about my pregnancy. What now?”
“Yeah, I bet you do! Did you not learn your lesson the last time? Sam doesn’t want you. Get that through your fuc—”
Ethan was thrashing around his crib, yet his sister, Charlotte was still sound asleep. Becky must have fed her recently, causing her to be out cold. Sam picked Ethan and quietly shushed him as he grabbed one of the pre made bottles that were already warming. The bottle warmer that Becky got was literally a life saver. Sam put the bottle to Ethan’s mouth and his immediately began to suckle, temporally quieting him. Sam could see his son’s eyes dropping as he ate, content.
Sam had his hand out in front, centimeters from touching Cas’ white button-down. “I’m not sure that’s the best idea.”
He turned around with a feeble attempt at a smile. “I’m okay,” he said as he rubbed the front of his stomach. He then noticed Castiel lurking in the doorway, copying Dean’s expression when he first saw the nursery. “Hey, Cas,” Dean said. Cas stopped looking around the room and instead locked eyes with Dean.
“I know. I’m hoping you’ll keep her in line,” Jody said as she patted his knee with a laugh and left for work.
He skipped the greasy breakfast Dean made him and just grabbed a tea and muffin at the campus coffee shop. He drank half of his tea and couldn’t stomach the muffin. As the class began to file in, he started feel slight cramping in his stomach and his pelvis. It started as a dull ache which he could ignore but it increasingly got worse as his class continued.
Dean wiped the sweat off his forehead. “I’m not so sure of that. I’ve been feeling like this for days.” He plopped down on the bathroom floor and rested his head on the wall. “How am I supposed to get Thanksgiving together when I can barely leave the bathroom?”
Jack didn’t quite understand that reference and it showed all over his face. “What is going on here?” he asked suspicious of everyone’s true nature.
Dean could recognize that his tactic was a little hostile but he was desperate. He continued to plow through. “I need you to go to heaven and--,”
Dean tried his best not to show emotion as Cas walked out of his room. He loved him, but he couldn’t deny how pissed off he was at him. How angry this whole situation made him. But he decided to use this anger as fuel to find a last-ditch effort to save his baby. He needed to think of a plan. He needed Gabriel.
When she got into the bunker and walked down the stairs, the first thing she saw was Sam hunched over the table in the library, swaying from side to side. “Sam! I came as fast as I could! Are you okay?”
Sam ran to get in front of him. “No! I’m your brother and I gave you time, but it’s been weeks and I’m worried about you! Please, just talk to me,” Sam pleaded. He tried to patient to have Dean come to him but enough was enough. Something was clearly depressing his brother and he needed help. If not for him than for his baby.
She looked down at her chart to be sure she was being accurate. “Your blood pressure and your cholesterol levels are extremely high, which I think is the reason why you’ve been having the symptoms you’ve been having. You have preeclampsia,” she explained to them. “When was the last time you got your cholesterol checked?” she challenged.
“And it is for me?” Dean was going to respond but Cas barreled through. “I’m supposed to be an angel and we’re not supposed to have feelings of any kind, let alone romantic ones. I’m the one with something to lose if Heaven were to find out.”
He had a notepad at his side as he took notes on possible dishes he could recreate. He had his eye on a mac and cheese with maple bacon that looked mouthwatering on the Home and Garden site he was on. “Oh, I’m definitely making that!” he mumbled as he wrote down the ingredients.
Sam hadn’t seen Becky for weeks. She didn’t show up to gym, their usual coffee shop or the bar. He tried texting her a few times but she never responded. He was worried about her. She knew how sensitive she was. He would just hate if something bad happened to her because of him.
Becky got Cas some ice for his cheek and made him a ham sandwich. With him being human, he was probably hungry and didn’t realize it. Sam and Cas retreated to the kitchen while Becky checked on the twins. Cas ate his sandwich silently as he tried to come to terms with what happened. He couldn’t bear to know that Dean was angry with him. Sam brought him out of his thoughts when he said, “If the trial goes against us, then we may have Gabriel in our pocket.”
“Angels have been able to insert children into people for ages. It takes a lot of grace and permission from Heaven, but it is doable,” Castiel explained.
Dean gave Cas a quick kiss on the cheek. “I’ll think about it, okay?” he said, still unsure of himself.
“I’ve just been so preoccupied with the Winchesters that I must not have been paying attention. Thank you for bringing this to my attention. I will visit Heaven soon to assist with our next form of action.”
The hunt was a few miles away. When they got to the motel to check in the clerk flirted with Dean and couldn’t stop staring at his cleavage. He was slightly flattered but mostly annoyed. He even got to use the line, “eyes up here.” Which amused him.
“You have plenty of time to have kids,” Sam told her naively. He had no idea what was the best age for a woman to have children.
“I also think it would be great idea if you moved in with me,” Sam told her. She was speechless and simply stared at Sam. “I mean with us having 2 kids, I think it would be best to have us living under the same roof. We can tag team them,” he joked.
Sam was sure that he would too. Dean was stressed and some time out in the suburbs of Sioux Falls would do him some good.
“Becky!” He shouted. She gasped at his outburst. He hesitantly looked down at his children and luckily his booming voice didn’t wake them. He sighed in relief. “Becky,” he said again, softer, “it’s been a long day and I’m extremely tired. Can we talk after I’ve had some sleep?”
Dean agreed to it and she drove him to the station. Luckily, the area that she was going to was dead so they could have some privacy. Just to be sure she locked the door and shut the blinds. After searching the room, she found the sonogram machine and turned it on. She instructed Dean to hop up on the hospital bed located in the middle of the room. Dean lifted up his shirt and for the first time looked at his bump in a different light. It wasn’t fat, but a baby. His baby.
“Good!” Becky answered enthusiastically. “How were the twins? Hopefully, they didn’t give you too much trouble.”
“Yeah, and?” Jody said unfazed. “Get a grip, Dean. You’re going to be fine.” The oven alarm went off. She retreated to the kitchen to take out the chicken.
Becky wanted to feel proud as well, but she couldn’t. “I won’t feel proud until I’m no longer in love with him. Then I’ll know that I’ve moved on.”
Cas laughed alongside him. It felt so good to finally see Dean smile and to know, in that moment, that he was the cause of his joy. “Let’s just get you back to bed. You’re still supposed to be on bed rest,” he reminded him. In response, Dean grumbled as he put his clothes back on.
“Right. I’ll just go get that test,” she said as she walked to the bathroom. It didn’t take her much time to find it. She didn’t want to know which one of her daughters it belonged to, that was a conversation for a different day.
“If I were to move in with him then I know my feelings for him would grow stronger,” she admitted. “Like, I know that I’m technically under the same roof as him now but it’s a big house and his brother and his boyfriend are there. I feel more like a roommate…,” she said solemnly. The therapist squinted her eyes which Becky noticed. She soon perked up and said, “which is fine!”
She stepped closer to Dean, narrowing her eyes at him. “Don’t be a bitch. Kay? First of all, I’m not your dog. Crowley may have come you called, but I’m not him. I have a life and I like my life, and forgive me if the Winchesters are pretty low on the to do list!” She then snapped her fingers and Dean was back as a male.
At the motel Sam was sitting at the table with his laptop open with secured files with the victims of the witches. Each one always dies similarly, a blade to the neck. “These girls just don’t stop.”
“I do want them, in the traditional sense. If I have kids with Cas, then he’s going to do some angelic crap that will allow me to carry the kid.
Cas raced over to his pregnant boyfriend. He got to the floor to be on his level. “Are you in labor?”
Castiel stared Sam down as if he had 3 heads. He couldn’t understand why he would try to stop him from seeing his fiancé. Cas opened his mouth to respond when they heard Dean enter the library. Cas’ breath hitched as he saw his pregnant lover. He had changed so much since the last time he saw him. About twice his size carrying their baby.
At this point Dean’s boner was gone and he was too distracted to continue, so he made the decision to get off Cas and take a seat on the bed. “Where is this coming from?”
For the first time, Dean looked up at his brother with tears in his eyes. “How could you even say that after what I said to you?”
After their conversation, Dean had a hard time going to sleep. Usually when Dean couldn’t sleep, he would drink until he passed out but he was trying not to do that. Sam has been telling him for years that he needed a healthy way of dealing with conflict that didn’t include alcohol. Because Cas didn’t sleep, he thought it would be awkward if he got up to clear his mind, so he waited until Cas retreated to Heaven for the day. He usually would leave around 5am. The moment he did so, Dean went to the kitchen and to his surprise he saw his brother at the table knee deep in a decadent chocolate cake. The sight of this stopped Dean in his tracks.
Sam opened the car door. “Good thing I didn’t ask you.” At the police scene they questioned the local cops about the recent killings in the area. Their suspicions were answered when they heard that the victim’s hearts were ripped out. It didn’t take long for them to find the nest and Dean got his chance to see what his new body could do. He found that he could run a little faster, but lost half the strength that he had as a boy. He got flung around a lot more than usual, which was not ideal.
“Except what you said was right. This whole thing is Cas’ fault. He put me in this impossible position and I’m supposed to what? Wait to see if the angels decide to murder my child or not?” Dean tearfully shook his head. “I can’t do that. That’s why I talked to Gabriel and Jack and that angel. I had to do
The loud sound inevitably woke Charlotte with a start. Sam glared at his brother. “Seriously, Dean? I almost had her down.” Dean rush past his brother and beelined for the library. He began to grab a bunch of books and set them down at the table. “What are you doing? Why are you home from work so soon?”
“As I said, we just wanna talk about this Nephilim trial,” Gabriel said. “Now, I know the results will be out soon and I don’t think it’s a secret that Dean and Cas are going to lose, but they shouldn’t have to lose everything.”
Sam took a pull from his beer. “You have no idea. This whole Nephilim thing has gotten out of hand and Cas is now barely here. We can’t even get a hold of him half the time.”
“And were you talking to Dean last night? I could’ve sworn I heard him too. Don’t tell me Ethan woke him up.” Becky began to get Charlotte dressed in a pretty pink gingham dress.
Jack barely reacted. He flashed Dean a small smile. “Well then I hope it doesn’t come to that.” Then he disappeared from the bunker, leaving Dean, Sam and Charlotte in the library, devastated.
Jody greeted the boys, enthusiastically, when they arrived. She was so excited to see them Anyone other than Jody, Claire or Alex was a welcome change. Claire was on a hunt herself in Dayton and Alex joined a nursing retreat out in the mountains. She would be home in a few days’ time. Which meant, Jody finally had some time away. “Oh, it’s so good to see you boys. Dean, it’s good to see without the boobs this time,” she joked.
“Sure,” Sam said. He walked out of the room and a few seconds later Claire appeared looking very timid. She stood by the door afraid to take a step closer. She teetered on the balls of her feet, pushing her hair out of her face. “Sam, said you wanted to see me?”
Becky and Sam began to see each other a lot more. He would see her at the gym, so they would typically go to a coffee shop or bar afterwards to chat. Sam was surprised at how much they had in common. They both loved literature. Often, they gabbed about some the greats as well as some of newer authors on the market. Becky would give him insider information about upcoming books coming from her publishing company. Exotic cuisine was also a topic they talked about frequently. As someone who would eat in diners and cheap restaurants, exotic cuisine was always something Sam craved. Dean was pretty content with his cheeseburgers, pie and American fare. His idea of eating exotic was Americanized Chinese food.
“Yeah, I was looking at the monitor and they were ready to attack again until they all disappeared,” she explained.
Sam looked at his watch. Since he ended his class so early, his next class wouldn’t be for another half hour. “Yeah, I do. I need to cancel it.”
When he got to the hospital, it was bustling with excitement. Nurses, patients and doctors whizzed by Sam as he tried to find his way to the front desk. Behind the desk was older woman who looked like she was not thrilled to be there. She barely looked up from her computer when Sam approached the desk. “Hi, I’m Sam Winchester. I’m here for Becky Rosen. She was admitted earlier for a suicide attempt,” he said all in one breath.
“Hellooo! Everyone thinks I’m dead and I would personally like to keep it that way. I’m not gonna go to heaven to stick out my neck for nothing.”
“Then I’ll give him an option that won’t favor him too well,” Gabriel said, a little more sinister. He noticed the doubt one everyone faces. “Don’t worry! I’ve got this,” he said, attempting to reassure the boys.
Cas didn’t dare to speak. Even though Dean had a calm demeanor about him, he knew that he was livid. “I made myself sick with worry trying to not only save you but save our child. This was your mess Cas! And I had to clean it up, per usual. Except this mess doesn’t just affect me and you but also our kid!” Dean could feel himself getting worked up so he took a few deep breaths to calm himself. “So, forgive me if I’m a little upset with you right now.”
After lunch Becky handed Dean a list of the items, she wanted him to retrieve from her apartment. It was mostly some clothes, toothbrush, a few books and her laptop. When he got there the door was slightly opened. Probably from when the ambulance came to take her away. It was a one-bedroom, one bath, apartment with a modest size kitchen. It was the first thing you saw when you walked in. For the most part her apartment was very clean. That was until he past the bathroom. He couldn’t help himself and opened this door first. The floor was covered in dried blood. He could even see the bloodied razor that was on the sink. Dean wasn’t a stranger to seeing horrifying scenes. As a hunter he’s seen more deaths than a coroner. Either way, it didn’t make things any easier. He was just glad that he didn’t see Becky on the floor in her final moments.
The next day Sam checked her out of the hospital. She wore the oversized flannel that he brought her and Dean’s smallest pair of sweatpants. Dean welcomed them when they got back to the bunker with some lunch. Sam was still pretty nauseous so he barely touched his but Becky was ravenous. The hospital food they gave her was barely edible. “Um, if it’s okay, after lunch I was thinking about getting my things from my apartment,” Becky said.
“Of course! Take all the time you need,” he reassured her. He took his hand and rubbed her arm. “No pressure.”
Cas was quick to tear his pants and shirt off. He then had Dean bend over the dresser and slowly entered inside of Dean with his erect penis. They both moaned once he was fully in. Cas expertly ground into Dean, pumping his body and hold Dean’s widening hips for support.
Sam wasn’t expecting her to turn him down so quickly, but it was a little relieved that she did. He didn’t bother bringing up that he thought it wouldn’t be good idea either. “You’re right,” he said. “I’ll just have to figure something else out. I eventually want to get out of the bunker,” he told her. He refused to raise his children as hunters.
Castiel went to Sam’s body and gave it a once over. He put a hand on his stomach and closed his eyes, as if he was listening to the baby. “The baby’s heart-rate is very low,” he told Dean.
They got to the scene of the crime and just the like the previous towns the victims died with their throat slit open. According to the coroner two women were seen stealing herbs and when the shop owner confronted them, they slashed her throat. But someone did see them head west of town in a blue Toyota.
“I’m fine.” He gave her a once over. She too looked pale. Like she hadn’t gotten sleep for weeks. “What happened to you? I’ve been trying to call you. I haven’t seen you since—well since your date.”
“I needed your help! I needed it for months! I prayed to you every night!” Dean shouted back. “Fuck, Cas I don’t need this. We don’t need this,” Dean said talking about the child he was carrying.
That next morning Dean was the first one awake making everyone some pancakes. He had this sort of glow to him and pep in his step while he flipped the flapjacks. Sam noticed it the second he walked into the kitchen.
“I was scared, okay! And I took it out on her.” He sighed. “I’ll go and apologize to her.” He got up and left the infirmary room. In the hallway he ran into Cas. “Cas, I gotta do something, do you mind just watching over him really quick?”
That was enough for the nurse and motioned him to follow her to Becky’s room. She led him further down the hallway to a private room. She was curled up in her bed staring at the wall, until she heard a second set of footsteps enter the room. She turned to see Sam. She closed her eyes in shame. “You have a visitor, Becky.” The nurse announced before leaving them alone.
Becky’s heart palpitated. “You’ve been sick like this for weeks?” she questioned. “Wha-uh-what else have you’ve been feeling?”
Dean was on the other side of his brother. He grabbed Sam’s leg and Becky grabbed the other. “You got this, Sammy!” Dean encouraged.
Sam ignored his comment and continued on. “And we got coffee and she apologized about Vegas and we just got to know one another. She told me that she changed. She said that she was going to therapy and she had a stable job, she barely ever brought up hunting or the life. And we just…bonded,” he said. Sam had seen such a difference from the old Becky to how she presented herself now.
Cas rose from his seat to compose himself. “Dean, Nephilim’s are an abomination in heaven. The second other angels find out that your pregnant with one, they will try and come after you,” Cas said calmly.
“Hold on there, Romeo. See I heard you when you said you and Becky went to dinner, but that was more than just dinner wasn’t it?”
She motioned to leave when Sam lightly grabbed her jacket. “You don’t have to leave, yet.” It did seem that Becky had changed. She wasn’t as strung out as she was before. She seemed, grounded. “Why don’t we actually get some coffee and chat.”
“You’re going straight to bed. Cas can do all of those things,” Dean said. “If you’re going to fight these angels then you need your rest. We need you sharp,” Dean said from one hunter to another.
Sam gave one final push, and his second child slipped into the world, crying just as loud as his son. “It’s a girl!” Cas announced, emotionally. Just like with his son, he placed his daughter on his chest. Dean came around with Sam’s son and handed him to Becky.
Becky thought back to last week. It seemed like forever ago. So much had happened. Before opening her mouth, she had to be careful. She of course didn’t tell her therapist the whole truth about Sam and her situation. As far as the therapist knows, Sam is not pregnant with twins and he was never a hunter. She simply told her that they were old friends that reconnected and that Sam offered to have her move in with him after her suicide attempt. She also mentioned how she was in love with him and drugged him a few years back. To Becky’s surprise her therapist never batted an eye when she told her that. She just wanted to know more and what led her to go that far.
Sam left Jody’s house to get a head start on the hunt while Dean stayed behind. Jody was about to get dinner on the table when she noticed Dean staring at his phone. “Looking for someone to call you? Or are you looking to call someone.”
Sam trodded back to the library to find Castiel and Dean making out. Dean’s body was up against the table and Cas was threatening to throw him on top of it. Sam made a very appointed clearing of his throat. Immediately, Castiel awkwardly sidestepped away from Dean. “I left you in here to watch my son and now your—where the hell is, he?” he asked looking around until he found him resting in a basinet off to the side. “You guys have got to be kidding me…” Sam scooped up his son and gave them the evil eye.
Cas agreed and drove him back to the motel. When they got there, Dean turned to Cas and said, “Maybe we keep this to ourselves, okay?”
Dean shook his head. “There’s no where I can go. They’re going to find me no matter where I go. This baby is strong and they can feel that. There is no hiding us,” he said with a hand on his bump. “We have to be smart about this.” Dean said to them all.
Sam was in the kitchen making Dean’s favorite, bacon cheeseburger with extra bacon. Something Sam would usually berate his brother for eating, but he was desperate to see his brother smile. Dean came into the kitchen to get some water when he saw his brother frying up some burgers.
“It’s been 2 years. I’d like for us to catch up. Maybe explain to me how Sam got pregnant in the first place? I-uh-I missed you Dean,” Cas said sheepishly.
Sam had his eyes shut as he breathed deeply through the contraction. He let out a low moan as it was getting stronger. Becky stared at him in horror, not sure what she should do to help. She went to rub his back when Cas and Dean yelled, “Don’t touch him!” startled, she jumped back.
Dean put his hand up, cutting his brother off. “Forget it,” he then took a cleansing breath. “It’s fine.
Castiel let out a harsh sigh through his nose. “I don’t know how you want me to start this Dean. I want to say that I’m sorry, but I feel like that doesn’t mean anything anymore. So now I don’t what else there is to say. I just want you to talk to me. I want to start planning our future together. We do still have a future, don’t we?”
Dean didn’t have to say a word to answer his brother. Sam shook his head in disbelief. “Dammit, Dean!” he angrily whispered. “We talked about this.”
“And sitting here is smart?” Cas asked him. “I told you that I wouldn’t let anything happen to you!”
Dean opened the sliding door to the deck which overlooked the modest backyard that Jody had. Sam had migrated from the deck into the backyard facing the woods.
Dean gripped the back of the chair that was in front of him so tight that he left indents in the wood. “You’re a hypocritical, son of a bitch, you know that? You better hope that those angels vote in favor of Cas because if they come to kill my baby, I’m going to kill you.”
“Sam, I’m fine!” He used the table as leverage to help get himself out of the chair but his legs still felt like Jell-O, resulting in him falling back into the metal chair. Dean groaned at his failure, but then began to groan for another reason. He felt a sharp pain in his abdomen right under his ribs. He placed a hand to it, trying to suppress the pain. He hissed at the touch. “Oh, Sam,” he moaned. “…something’s not right.”
—I don’t want to start---what we can’t finish,” she panted. “Y—yo-your brother is—downstairs,” she said giving another excuse. It took everything in her body not to tear off her clothes and have sex in the little alcove, but she also had to get to work. “And—I have work,” she said as her last-ditch offense.
“I think you’re the last person that she wants to see,” he said with little emotion, and then walked out the door.
The last time he saw Becky was after she drugged him and tricked him into marriage. He hoped that he would never see her again. “Wha-what are you doing here, Becky?”
Everybody halted and stared at Castiel. Sam sat up on the hospital bed. “Twins?” he croaked. “I’m having twins?”
Dean looked Jody in the eye and said, “If I tell you who it is, do you promise not to tell anybody.”
Sam stopped putting away his finds from the farmers market to think about what Cas said. He didn’t think about how Dean’s baby would be a Nephilim. Probably because they don’t really view Cas a normal angel. Same powers, less angel attitude. Sam frowned. “Yeah, I guess so. What’s the big deal?”
Dean took a few more breaths before speaking. “It’s just the preeclampsia. It’s triggered by stress. Hey, I have an idea: Let’s save my baby so I don’t go into early labor,” he groaned as he got more comfortable on his bed. He wasn’t going to be standing anytime soon.
They all politely left the hospital room. Sam took a seat on the hospital bed. “What happened today?” Sam asked. Dean didn’t respond and instead looked at his hands. Sam gently touched his leg. “Come on man, talk to me,” he tried again. “Claire told me that you talked to an angel today. What did they say?”
It couldn’t be anything supernatural related. Dean and Sam had been away from the life too long. Then again that didn’t mean that people didn’t have their qualms against them. Sam thought about this on his way to the gym. He may not have felt 100%, but a good workout could make him feel a little better. He started off slow on the treadmill on a low incline. Just something to get his heartrate up. He focused on his classic rock music blaring in his ear. It felt good to get back in the swing of things. He decided to pick up the pace a little on a 3.5 speed and began to jog. Jogging to the beat of the music. Sam closed his eyes and for the first time in a while he felt like himself. He even had a small smile on his face. He probably looked like a complete idiot, but he didn’t care. That was until he felt the nausea slowly creep through his insides. The jostling from the running became too much for his body. He could feel the stomach acid in his throat. He didn’t have much time before he got sick all over the treadmill, so he didn’t stop the machine and ran to the bathroom.
“Yeah, I know what you mean.” Dean found his shirt thrown in the front seat. “We should probably head back to the motel before Sam calls the SWAT team.”
Jack hugged everyone on his way out and Dean expressed his gratitude towards his decision. Everyone departed from Dean’s room including Gabriel, who Dean personally thanked for helping out. Gabriel, of course, replied for him never to contact him again but was said with a mischievous grin.
Sun peeked through the blinds in the guest room right into Dean’s eyes. He rolled over trying to avoid it, but his bladder became persistent. His baby was using it as a punching bag. He pushed himself out of bed and let his feet dangle over the side for a moment. Yesterday felt like a horrible nightmare. In the abandoned wing of that hospital he had to come to terms that he had a high-risk pregnancy for a multitude of reasons; his high blood pressure/cholesterol and dick angels that want his kid dead.
Dean scoffed. “I’m not sure that’s a great idea, Cas.” Dean never saw Cas cooking anything that didn’t require a microwave. He was an angel and therefore never needed to eat. Occasionally he would eat in social interactions so that it didn’t seem weird that he wasn’t eating, but it wasn’t necessary for him. Dean groaned as he sat up, trying not to jostle what was left in his stomach. “No, I’ll be okay. I just need to get myself together so I can pick up the Turkey.” As soon as he pictured the raw poultry he began to gag. Luckily this time nothing came up. He took a deep breath as we waited for the nausea to pass.
Sam made it home in record time. When he arrived at the bunker the twins were fast asleep. He gently raised them from their car seats and carried them inside the bunker. It was mid-afternoon when he arrived, so they were right on schedule for their nap. As he entered the bunker he was hit with a delicious scent of tomatoes and basil. Becky was making her famous tomato bisque. Something Sam constantly craved.
Cas understood. “That’s fine, Dean. It’s going to take me a while to propose the idea to Heaven anyway, so we have plenty of time,” he grinned.
While Becky had been spending time with Noah, Sam’s pregnancy was progressing. At 9 months, it was a waiting game for his labor to begin. His Braxton Hick contractions were now more frequent, some of which Sam swore were real contractions. Causing panic to rise throughout the Bunker. It wasn’t until Castiel check him that they realized that it was false labor. Becky wasn’t home when it happened. She was sleeping over Noah’s and Dean had to call her to come home. Dean felt as if she needed to spend more time at home, but Sam didn’t want to get into it.
At first Becky looked down in disappointment. If Sam moved out of the bunker then she would have to move back to her depressing apartment. She was really starting to love the bunker. For the most part it was quiet and filled with other worldly books. Every day she found herself picking up a new book and researching about a monster she never even heard of. She thought that Chuck would have a field day in a place like this. Most importantly she didn’t feel lonely. With the boys and Castiel filling the bunker, it felt safe. There is no way she would feel that way again if she went back to her apartment. It was definitely something she could bring up in her next therapy session.
“Great,” Dean rudely interrupted. “I think it’s time we get you to the infirmary before you drop these kids right here.”
Dean glared at him. “Yeah, that’s why I spent most of my time on the ground and why you’re fixing my wounds.” Dean got up from the bed and grabbed his keys.
“We’d have to reevaluate, but your levels right now are too far gone to take that risk. I also want to keep you here for a few more days before I send you home.”
As Dean was about to give him a smartass comeback, Castiel sat down next to Dean and said, “Actually, yes she does. But I’ll take a beer.” The bartender gave Cas a once over and wasn’t impressed but he did leave Dean alone. “You okay?” he asked him.
“You’re where?!” she exclaimed into the phone. Sam jerked the phone away from his ear to prevent her shrieking from penetrating his eardrum.
Ruth gave Castiel a suspicious look. She was not buying what he was selling. Dean has told Cas over and over again that he was a horrible liar. “What’s going on, Castiel? The Winchesters are capable of handling their hunts on their own. Why have you really disappeared?”
Sam’s eyes popped out of his head “Wait a minute! Stop!” Sam got in front of his brother in a desperate attempt to halt him using his height and stature to his advantage. “Think about this for a second. A shit ton of angels want you and your baby dead,” Sam frantically explained to him. Amid the chaos, Sam’s daughter began crying loudly, but he couldn’t help her and knock sense into his brother at the same time. He bounced her a little and tried to look as menacing as he could. He knew he probably looked ridiculous but he didn’t care. “Let’s think about this first before we run into Heaven guns blazing.”
“That I live with a few roommates, one of which is very sick. You’re the sick one. That way if I have to leave, he thinks I’m just helping a sick friend.”
But Claire wasn’t having it. “The hell you don’t! Something is wrong, Dean. I’ve already texted Alex and she knows that we’re on our way. She’s going to let us in through the back to keep you hidden.”
“Then we should probably prepare for this,” Jody began. “If you’re saying that it’s inevitable that the angels will find Dean, then let’s make sure they don’t walk away without a fight.”
Still upset with his brother, Sam didn’t plan to speak to him until Dean had placed a hand on the kitchen table and began to breathe shallowly. Dean placed his other hand on his lower back, arching his body forward as he tried to catch his breath.
“Yeah, preeclampsia. We should be home by this afternoon if we leave within the half-hour,” Dean overheard Sam speaking with Becky. “Alright, honey I love you too. I’ll see you soon.”
Castiel nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, I agree.” He took a step forward filling the space in between them.
Dean took it and downed it gratefully. “Thanks,” he cleared his throat again. “Ugh, what is with my voice.”
Dean shook his head. “No, Cas. I’ve been planning this meal for weeks. It has to be perfect. Plus, I don’t want Sam and Becky to know that something is wrong.”
Dean jumped to the fridge and saw the glistening apple pie in the tin. He picked up a fork and joined his brother at the table. “Nice!” Dean took his first bite and moaned in ecstasy. “Why didn’t you tell me earlier you bought me pie?”
Dean broke his gaze from his pie to give him his full attention. Cas explained to the boys running into the angel Ruth and what he had to tell her. Dean almost lost his appetite. Almost.
“You have no idea, Cas. And then you got Sam who thinks everything is fine and we should operate as normal, but I don’t want to. I suck at hunting in this body. I don’t feel like myself—I don’t look like myself. I just want to go back to normal,” he complained.
Dean fled to the kitchen to grab some bleach and began to clean the bathroom floor. Once all of the dried blood was off the floor, he continued his search. In a duffle bag he threw in the toothbrush, shampoo and conditioner, a robe that he saw hanging on the back of the bathroom door and a brush. Before he left the bathroom, he opened the cabinet mirror where he saw an array of medications. Most of which he did not recognize. He Googled some of the names and most were anxiety medications. This eased him a bit.
“Not really, as long as you’re the one I’m having sex with, I don’t really care,” Dean whispered in his ear. He then gave him a longing kiss on the lips.
“He’s in there with Castiel,” he gestured toward the closed infirmary room. “He’s trying to fix him.”
The boys took that and ran with it. They headed west in the small town looking for the car until they finally found it parked outside of an what it looked like to be abandon cabin. Dean parked far enough away from the cabin to remain undetected. He went into the trunk and picked out their witch killing bullets and loaded up their guns.
Sam sighed and said, “This is Dean. A witch turned him into a woman and we need you to fix it. That’s why we’ve been calling.”
“Nah. Let’s just get on the road.” Dean carefully lowered himself into the car and let out a heavy sigh as his body hit the leather of the vintage car.
While Sam talked to Becky, Dean was in the library on his 5th beer and 2nd glass of whiskey. He had been researching some baby furniture for the nursery, but soon found himself starring off into the distance. He had a lot on his mind and wasn’t sure how to convey it.
Dean chucked. “Yeah, you did a great job, Cas.” Dean was then caught off guard by a yawn. He politely put his fist to his mouth. “Sorry,” he said mid-yawn.
“Oh, my husband loves to vacation here. Something about small towns... he says it’s comforting watching the working class really work,” and for whatever reason chuckled at her statement. As if it was a sick inside joke between them. “So where is that tall good-looking husband of yours. Don’t tell me you guys aren’t together anymore. You know it was a shame everybody couldn’t meet him at the reunion. I would’ve thought you would want to show off a guy like that, unless… he had to leave ‘unexpectedly’,” she said not so subtly. She then took a half step closer to Becky and lowered her voice. “You know, it’s okay if you hired him. Nobody expected you to show up with a guy like that.”
Dean swallowed hard as he took in the news. It was as if the air was sucked out of the room, creating this dark ominous cloud over it. This was not how he imagined his pregnancy would go. “Um..okay…” Dean trailed. “What if my blood pressure improves? Then can I get off of bed rest?” he asked the doctor, hopefully.
Dean cracked a smile at his comment. “Fine. I’m going to bed, I’m exhausted. I lied; your kids were a handful.”
Dean was glad Cas was holding him because it felt as if the floor beneath him was being ripped away. “No, Cas, you can’t. I
Christmas morning was pretty calm. Sam made breakfast in the morning and they all exchanged gifts. There was one last gift under the tree that Cas insisted Sam and Becky open ilast. They waited until it was the only gift left. Becky was seated on the floor with Charlotte in-between her legs. She was the closest to the gift and grabbed it from under the tree. It was a medium sized box, wrapped in gold wrapping paper. She tore it open and saw that in the box contained two onesies. “Thanks, Dean! The twins could always use more clothes!” she thanked.
“You know everybody keeps saying that, but I don’t think anybody understands what that means. I am a woman!”
Jack thought about it for a moment. Gabriel was right. If he showed up the angels would no longer respect Jack. There were already plenty of angels who dissected every one of his moves as it was.
Dean had half a mind to continue, but he decided to abide by his brother wishes and left. Sam plunged his head into pillow and closed his eyes. He was exhausted, both mentally and physically. He passed out for a few hours, until he felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. It was an unknown number calling him. In a sleepy fog he groggily answered the phone. “Hello?”
Dr. Nelson couldn’t help himself but to lightly chuckle at that. “Because I am. I didn’t want to say this in front of your friends, but you were incredibly close to losing your baby today. Your blood pressure was through the roof…most of your levels were off. You are what’s called a high-risk pregnancy. From this day on you are on extensive bedrest until your pregnancy is over,” he told him.
Dean waited until he heard his brother pass his bedroom and retreat into his own. He waited an additional 5 minutes before he tiptoed down the corridor and into the dungeon of the bunker. On his way down he took a detour into the kitchen to grab some herbs that were needed for the spell. Sam reorganized their pantry so the supernatural herbs would be in a cabinet all to themselves. This was to prevent the boys from using the wrong herbs when cooking. Everything was meticulously labeled and alphabetized. Dean memorized the order and position he found his ingredients to be sure he didn’t set off any alarms from his brother.
About an hour later they pulled up to the playground that Dean and Sam had known to be Heaven’s gates. There were no children in sight, which made the scene very creepy. The swings were being gently pushed by the light breeze. A pile of leaves had scattered around the mulch that laid below the jungle gym dancing in the wind.
Sam gently touched his shoulder and met his eyes. “We will find a way to save Cas,” Sam promised. But as he looked into Dean’s eyes, he wasn’t sure he was getting through. As if Dean’s mind was someplace else completely. “Dean, are you hearing me?”
Dean let out an annoyed groan. “I have no idea. I want to say no because I don’t think of myself as gay, but maybe I do. I know I like women…. but then there’s Cas…,” Dean shook his head and stood up. “I don’t like to think about it.”
“It is! I love him too. And as someone who loves him, I need to tell him the whole truth about my life which scares the living shit out of me,” she said as she looked over her children. “What if he hates me? What if he’s freaked out by it all and wants nothing to do with me?”
couldn’t be! She had to get home to read over the spell again. There is no way she messed up this badly. Without saying goodbye, Becky ran out of the gym and drove straight home. She dug the book from her closet and opened to the pregnancy spell page. She remembered that the ingredients were correct---then where did she go wrong? She then noticed that there was a back page to the spell that she didn’t see that night. It had further incantations to say. “Shit…,” she groaned. No wonder the spell didn’t work for her. She was pretty sure that she accidentally impregnated Sam.
“He’s pregnant!” she blurted out of panic. Dean stopped in his tracks. They then stared at her with confusion plastered on their faces. “Well, I think. I won’t be sure until he takes a test.”
“Who said I would do in the garage when we have a perfectly suitable kitchen.” Dean did everything he could to not crack a smile. He then let out a dramatic sigh before Sam gave him his BitchFace2000. “Ugh, fine, Sammy. No fried turkeys…this year. But who knows about next year!” he said with a wide smile.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Is he?” Sam and Dean watched Gabriel get stabbed by the alternate version of Michael in the world where the Winchesters didn’t exist. Dean always doubted when Gabriel died. Without fail, every time he seemed dead, he would pop up a few years later. Perks of posing as a Trickster. But Sam seemed to think that he was gone for good this time. “Gabriel is like a cockroach. He comes back to life more than we would like. Plus, we could use some power on our side, and what says power than an archangel?” Dean presented.
They had a hunter’s funeral for Ruth. Castiel gathered that he lost her life protecting Castiel and his family. Sam finally finished the nursery so Abigail had a place to sleep. For a few more days, Jody stayed to help out the boys. None of them knew how to handle a newborn, so she was very helpful with the quick tutorial.
After a while, Cas began to get anxious. He needed to speak with Dean. He paced back and forth passing Dean’s door each time. He couldn’t think of a good way to open the conversation. No matter what he said, Dean was going to be angry. But he still didn’t understand why. He thought that he did everything correctly. Eventually, Cas got the courage and barged into Dean’s bedroom.
“Don’t worry about it.” Sam suddenly felt his phone vibrate. He looked at it and it was his brother texting him, asking him where he was. “Look, I should go.”
It’s not as if Becky hasn’t thought about this, she just didn’t like to think about it. She had no idea how she was going to explain her entire life to him. “I’ll figure that out when it comes to it.”
Sam shot him daggers but Dean ignored him. “Have you’ve been staying hydrated at all?” Sam attempted to take Dean’s pulse when Dean pushed him away.
Castiel smiled at him. “Don’t mention it. I maybe even enjoyed cooking,” he said, proud of his efforts.
He wrapped up at Becky’s apartment and head back to the bunker. When he entered the library, Sam was sitting there with his laptop out. He looked up at his brother who was heavy breathing. “You good?”
Due to the sensitivity of Dean’s pregnancy, he promised Cas that he wouldn’t leave the bunker. The bunker was warded against angels, so they wouldn’t be able to find him. To keep up with appearances, Cas would go to heaven so it didn’t seem like he disappeared, until he slowly stopped. He got too preoccupied with spending time with Dean and tending to his needs. He wanted to be there for the pregnancy, and if he went to Heaven, he was afraid that he would miss vital moments.
Sam opened his laptop to send a mass email to his students that he would be cancelling the remainder of his classes that day. He felt bad because many students expressed their excitement in the review class before the final. He hit send and then impatiently waited for his brother. It was the longest ten minutes, ever. The pain was just getting worse and the bleeding wasn’t slowing down.
Sam never looked at it that way. He was sad that he didn’t think he was going to have the traditional apple pie life that he longed for, but Becky was right. It may not be what he envisioned, but that doesn’t mean it still couldn’t be his.
Dean had 4 long months left in his pregnancy. Now that their big bad had been defeated and there was no longer a threat looming over his baby, there was still a dark cloud over Dean’s relationship with Castiel.
A few hours later, Dean’s back completely seized up. He could not move his body. Sam was now desperately praying to Castiel. “Cas, please we need you! Dean needs you!” Sam called out.
When Sam got back Dean was sitting on the edge of the bed in his bra and underwear nursing his hangover. “Morning,” Sam said, a little uncomfortable at seeing his brother wearing a bra.
After turning her alarm off, she hopped out of bed, put on a pair of clean clothes and rushed out the door. She wanted to get to the coffee shop before her appointment. She was going to need some caffeine to get through the day. She ordered her usual, mocha late but this time she got an extra shot of espresso.
Sam could see that she was on the brink of tears. “I get that you weren’t in the best place when you did this,” he said gesturing to his stomach, “and that you regret it. But I’ve had some time to think about it, and maybe this could be a good thing. You’re going to be a mom and I’m going to be a dad and our kid deserves to have a good life, which means us having a good relationship. I never had that growing up. I do think that you should go back to therapy though.”
Castiel was having a hard time faking like everything was fine. He had to tell the boys what happened. This was one secret that he wasn’t going to be able to keep to himself. “We need to talk,” he told them.
Sam was ready to go when he went to check on Dean. He was in his bedroom struggling to get his jeans on. They were not closing. “What are you doing, we we’re supposed to be on the road 15 minutes ago. What are you doing?”
“Why?” Sam growled in her ear. He continued to make out with her neck, his warm breath sending shivers down her spine. He then untucked her blouse and grasped at her supple breasts.
“I mean I’m EMT certified so, I think we’re good,” she said as moved the wand around. She finally came upon a small blob that made out a tiny baby. “I think that’s it,” she said pointing to the monitor. She then turned on the sound so Dean could hear the baby’s heartbeat. He couldn’t take his eyes off the screen. He was speechless. “Let’s see if we can take a photo for you,” Jody said while she tried to figure out how to take a screenshot and print it.
“You’d make such a great father,” she said almost dreamily. She pulled back and made a note that this was her last drink.
“I-I wasn’t entirely sure. I thought maybe you would carry it or something. I’ve watched Sam go through his entire pregnancy, and I’m not sure I could do that,” Dean admitted.
Halloween had just passed and the Winchesters were gearing up for the heart of fall. It was the first time in a long time that the boys decided to celebrate Halloween and Dean planned on a killer Thanksgiving. On November 1
Dean sputtered, “T-this is not about me! This is about you! And no, we didn’t. Not that it’s any of your business,” he mumbled.
Dean went to leave when he turned back around. “Can I ask you something? When you did the spell to make yourself pregnant…what was going through your head?” Dean didn’t ask this with anger or judgement in his voice. He was simply was curious.
“It’s not impossible if you’ve had unprotected sex as a woman.” Sam walked out of kitchen and Dean followed.
“No, you’re not,” Gabriel said. They all look in Gabriel's direction, thinking that he knows something they don’t. “What? It doesn’t take an archangel to know that you’re suffering.”
When Dean pulled away Becky noticed wetness in Dean’s eyes. He sheepishly looked away and cleared his throat to mask his wavery voice. “Have—uh—have you shown Cas?”
She opened her mouth to speak but there was nothing she could say to fix this. Dean menacingly stared her down as she left the bunker. When he turned to talk to his brother, he saw that he was gone. “Sam?” he called out. He searched the bunker and found Sam in the bathroom frantically searching through the cabinets. “What are you looking for?”
Sam chuckled. “No, I’m serious. I have a family because of you. 2 beautiful children. I never thought I would have that.”
Sam knew that he didn’t have to ask, but it spilled out of him as hurriedly walked to the nursery to get her changed.
“I’m having twins, Dean. I can’t do it alone. It’ll be good to have Becky to help take care of the babies.”
“I guess you’ll be a pro once you feel the real thing.” She turned to face Sam and displayed her arms out. “How do I look?”
,’ Dean guessed. “So, now what?” Cas never went into detail about how a human and angel get pregnant. He would just say how it wasn’t done in the traditional way.
The doctor hummed thoughtfully, “And why did he want you to move him with him again? He was worried about leaving you alone with his brother and new boyfriend?”
Sam chuckled. “No.” Sam wasn’t going to tell her how badly he reacted at the idea of him and Becky being together. And how he accused her of using the same defiling magic she used on him in Vegas. “He punched me because I told him that the reason Cas was in jail was because of Cas’ actions. And he didn’t like that.”
Sam chuckled, now a little unsure of himself. “Yeah, just the two of us. We can have Dean and Cas watch the kids for a few hours. I just thought it would be nice for us to get out. Plus, you’ve been crazy busy with work, you deserve a night on the town,” he said with a convincing smile.  So convincing that Becky couldn’t resist it. She never could.
Dean rushed from the kitchen to scold his brother. “Dude! Seriously? There’s no need to tell everyone.”
Sam took his coffee to go. His brother may right but that didn’t mean he had to listen to it. Dean then cursed at himself because now that Sam walked away, he had to pry himself from his chair to get his breakfast started.
“Well, I wanted to cook and assemble most of it that way all we have to do tomorrow is throw it in the oven. Saves time.” Dean read all about time-saving techniques in a post from Martha Stewart’s blog. But he’ll keep that detail to himself. Dean then walked Cas through how to boil water and season it properly for the macaroni and how to create a béchamel sauce of the cheese sauce. The kitchen smelled heavenly, unfortunately, Dean couldn’t bring himself to enjoy any of it. The smell was so great that it wasn’t long before Sam and Becky found themselves drawn to it.
She relaxed a bit at his words. It made her a little less anxious about the situation. Labels had always bothered her. “What about Dean?”
“Okay, I have been going to some much-needed therapy after I did what I did to you. And I learned a lot in these past few years. A lot about myself. Sam, I was in a real bad place when I-,”
Sam wasn’t entirely paying attention. He was too focused on getting Ethan to stop grabbing at his long hair. “What? What is it?”
Sam blinked at him trying to find the best way to break the news to him. “Um, listen Dean, what I’m about to tell you may shock you, but I need you to stay calm.”
“Cas?” Sam was very confused. He never thought Dean would call Cas for anything after everything that happened. “Cas was here?”
Jack didn’t speak, he was still weighing Gabriel’s words. Dean didn’t want there to be too much silence for Jack to think about it so he spoke. “Listen, Jack,” he began as he sat up in his bed. “I won’t lie to you, this pregnancy has not been easy for me or--,” he looks at Cas and the swallows. “—or the rest of us, but I’ll be damned if I’m not going to meet my baby. Think of Kelly.” That certainly got Jack’s attention. “All Kelly wanted was a chance to meet you and hold you and raise you. That’s all I want too.” Dean could tell he was getting to him.
Dean grabbed some sweatpants that he had strewn across his bed and put those on. On the way to Jody’s they stopped at a Goodwill where Dean picked up pants that were a size up than his normal, which seemed to do the trick. It was about a 2-hour trip to Sioux Falls and Sam took the time to think about Dean’s strange behavior in the past few months. First it was the nausea and the headaches and now he was gaining weight. The weight gain in particular didn’t make a whole lot of sense since Sam was aware that Dean was still getting sick most days. He continued to brush it off and hope it was some kind of strange bug working through his brother.
“I guess we have to. And maybe we talk about a diet.” Sam had way too much fun saying that. And it was met with angry daggers coming from Dean.
do this alone! I told you that in the beginning. You promised that you would be with me.” He could feel tears stinging behind his eyes.
Dean’s back was giving him more trouble than they all anticipated. He was 30 weeks pregnant and his lower back was not letting up. No matter if he was lying in the bed or sitting down he could not get comfortable. Jody did a check up on the baby and explained that she wouldn’t be able to steal any pain medication for him since he was pregnant. Cas offered to take his pain away everyday but he was too stubborn to accept help.
Dean cleared his throat. “I missed you too, Cas,” he said with as little emotion as he could. “I gotta check on Becky. I’ll be right back.” Dean hurriedly ran to Becky’s bedroom to talk to her but she wasn’t there. He checked the library, kitchen and even the laundry room and she was nowhere to be found. Now he was getting worried. If she harmed herself, Sam would never forgive him. Just when he was about to get in the Impala and search the neighborhood, he passed one of the spare bedrooms and noticed the door was ajar. When he stepped in, he saw Becky sitting on the floor with her knees tucked into herself.
Jocelyn tightly pursed her lips. “Yeah. Totally. I got to go,” she said and then turned on her heels in a huff.
In the dungeon Sam grabbed some blankets and pillows to make Dean a little more comfortable. The contractions were getting worse and more frequent. Dean remained on the floor with Castiel by his side. Dean rested his hand against the brick wall. “This is worse than I expected it to be,” Dean groaned through his contraction.
“Okay, that might not be necessary yet. Why don’t we take care of this vamp nest first and then we can brainstorm how to handle this whole thing,” Jody suggested. Dean agreed. “And given your current state I’m not sure it’s a good idea to tag along with your brother.”
It was a modest size office with a large couch where Becky would sit and a leather chair where Dr. Char would sit. Next to the chair was small end table where Dr. Char would place her black notebook. Becky liked that during their sessions she wasn’t constantly writing in it. She would give Becky her full and undivided attention. It also made Becky not feel judged for what she was saying.
“No! It sorta just happened. I don’t know, man. It’s hard to explain. One moment he was just Cas and then he became…. more than that,” he said as he thought about the first time, he viewed Cas in a different light.
Sam had his hand on the handle to his car. He heard the desperation in her voice. “Please,” she said. “I don’t expect you to forgive me, but please just hear me out. Give me 5 minutes.”
For the life of Dean, he couldn’t understand how he could be so mad at Cas and miss him so much. As if he was a part of him that he couldn’t function without him. Being in Cas’ arms felt right. It felt like home. Their lips met a little clumsily, but Cas grabbed Dean’s face to steady it. “I love you, Dean.”
“It’s not that simple! You profess your love for me when we think the world is about to end! How do you expect me to respond to that?” He argued.
Dean was on the floor with his back up against the wall, breathing deeply. “Cas!” he exclaimed. “You’re okay!”
Sam looked at the bar and she had 4 empty shot glasses in front of her. With her small frame, he was sure the alcohol was going straight her head. He brought her in for a much-needed hug. “The guy was a dick. You do deserve to have a family.” He rubbed her back to try and soothe her. When he pulled back, she locked eyes with him. She planted a soft kiss on him. Sam looked away awkwardly clearing his throat. “Um…Becky, I’m sorry but I don’t think of you like that.”
“Whatever happened to the bedrest, Dean?” he heard Jody ask from the back of the room. He didn’t even see her come in. She was still in her Sheriff's uniform. She was most likely called about Dean during her shift. She was accompanied by Claire who looked incredibly small, hiding behind her curly blonde hair. “How could you be so irresponsible?” she chastised.
“Yeah, Dean, mind your blood pressure,” Gabriel said in a mocking tone. “And who says that I come when I’m called. I am an archangel after all. The little summoning spell you guys do is more of doorbell. I get to decide if I want to answer it.”
learning that she got help. We talked about Indian food and books! How the hell was I supposed to know that she was going to do this!”
Meanwhile, in the twin’s nursery, Sam was changing Charlotte’s diaper, but she was very wiggly, which made it difficult. “I need you to stay still for me, sweetie,” Sam said to his daughter. He eventually was able to get the diaper around her and secure it snuggly around her waist. She then smiled and laughed at her dad. Sam smiled as he picked her up and held her close. He closed his eyes and kissed her on her head. She still had that new baby smell that Sam was obsessed with.
Dean crossed his arms over his chest and narrowed his eyes at Sam. “Don’t you think if I knew, I would tell you and I wouldn’t be up all night freaking out?” he spiraled.
Rowena looked bored. “Yes. We can all celebrate that you’ve got your twig and berries back. I’m leaving.”
Sam exited the shower and threw on a pair of grey sweat pants and an old oversized Stanford t-shirt in their signature crimson red. On his way to his bedroom he ran into an overjoyed Becky, who was glued to her phone, smiling ear to ear. “Morning!” she beamed.
Dean could feel tears prickling behind his eyes. He turned away to make it seem like he was cleaning the kitchen when he tried his best not to let the tears fall. He cleared his throat. “Thanks, man,” he said keeping his voice as steady as possible. “We might start trying soon, but who knows.”
They turned their back on the angel and headed for the car. Claire helped Dean to her car and immediately floored it on the road. Dean was looking worse by the minute. “Dammit, Dean! I knew we should’ve never left the house. Jody is going to kill me if something happens to you or the baby.”
Sam got to the floor. “Dean, I think it may be time we take off your pants and look at what’s going on.”
Dean dried his eyes with the back of his hand. “Do you mind grabbing Claire? I want to talk to her.”
Dean had his arms wrapped around the toilet, as if he was holding on for dear life. He spat into the toilet. “Do I look okay, Sammy?” he snapped.
The rest of dinner went well. She ended up taking his advice and getting the beouf bourguignonne. They also had a very deep conversation about their future, which Becky did not expect to have. That was probably why Noah wanted to go to such a nice place. He offered to enter the next step in their relationship. They both want the same things with marriage. He even wants a large family. Again, another entry point for Becky to tell him that she had twins on the way, but it was harder than it looked. Even if she were to tell him, how would she even begin that conversation without having to convince him that magic was real? It wasn’t like ripping a band aid off. Her lie was a gauche that never stops bleeding.
The waiter came around with smaller menus with their desert’s listed on them. There was about 5 different deserts and on the back of the menu there was a very long list of after dinner drinks. Noah chose a single malt scotch and promised to share whichever desert Becky picked. Out of the 5 deserts the cream puff pastries sounded the most appetizing. Right after she told waiter her choice, she saw the light on her phone illuminate. It was Dean. She quickly excused herself from the table and walked a short distance away before answering it. “Dean?”
Dean winced as he waited for the fireworks to erupt from Claire, but was pleasantly surprised when it got quiet. Eerily quiet… as he listened for any sign of life, Jody pushed through his door with a tray of food. Dean chuckled. “What did you do? Kill them?”
“Becky, I need you to come back to the bunker. I think Sam is in labor. His contractions are 10 minutes apart,” Dean said.
Dean turned around as if he got caught. “Sorry—I didn’t mean to wake you. I was trying to drop off your things.”
“You sure you don’t need me to call a doctor?” Dean asked him as Sam was leaving the restroom one morning after puking his guts up. “Or maybe look into some lore books.”
“All right, you gotta level with me. What the hell is going on?” Dean sat on the corner of his desk waiting for an explanation.
Sam waited until every student left before he let out any sort of indication of pain. He could feel some sort of warm liquid in between his legs. He pleaded to whoever was listening that what he was feeling wasn’t blood. He peered at his crotch and through his khaki pants he could see blood spreading throughout the area. He made it to his desk where his phone was tucked away in the top drawer. He immediately called his brother. After the third ring Dean answered gruffly. “Dean, I need you to come to the school. Something is wrong. I’m bleeding!” Sam said, sounding like he was out of breath.
It was Saturday night and Dean had the Godfather all cued up in their tv room. Sam brought in some popcorn and licorice. The licorice was for him. He loved it, but Dean detested it. “You ready to see some horse heads get chopped off?”
Sam simply pointed to his stomach. “I’m not sure how many women are going to be into dating a 6th month pregnant man, carrying twins.”
How in the world was going to explain this to him? She worked so hard to gain his trust back. All of it, down the drain because she was too eager and too drunk. She tried to come up with a plan on how to tell Sam what she thought, but she first needed to be sure that he was pregnant. The only way she could think of, was for him to take a test. Which would mean he would need to know why he was taking the test. This was going to end badly.
Sam clears his throat and just looks at him. Dean feels his jaw go slack, and he can't think of one thing to say to that. Fortunately, he doesn't have to. There's a sound like goo being smeared on the walls, a sound that's haunted Dean's nightmares for a while now. He whirls around and watches as Jack and Cas come tumbling out of the slick, black goo. They both land on the floor with thuds and grunts.
"Fuck," Dean gasps out, his hand going still, squeezing. He opens his eyes and rolls his head lazily to the side, looking at Cas and groaning out loud at the sight of him. "Do it for me, then."
Cas sways closer, his breath punching out of him as hands slide down Dean's arms. "I want you. And I want you to want things. And I want you to have the things you want. I want you to have—" He looks up, meeting Dean's gaze. "Dean, I want you to have everything."
When that's done, Dean lets Sorine lead him to her car. She pulls out the chain, but he quickly moves in to hold the weight for her. She carries a post, nearly whacking herself in the face with it. He goes back for the second one, and she grabs a brand new mallet, following after him.
Suitably pleased with his start to the day, Dean heads out of the room, lazily making his way into the kitchen. As he draws closer, he can hear the sounds of laughter, of multiple people talking. He narrows his eyes and picks up his pace.
Dean jolts and swivels his head to stare at the guy behind the counter. He's chewing a little obnoxiously on gum, and he looks like he can't even be out of high school yet. There's one airpod in his ear, and when he rang Dean up, he looked him dead in his eye and blew a bubble with his gum until it popped. The kid seems very unenthused with life in general, and ya know what? Dean gets that.
to do this. It's not right and it's never fair. There's no answer for this. There's no right way to do it, because it's not meant to happen at all.
"Thank you. I will do that," Castiel says, smiling at her in a way he hopes is kind and not awkward. He doesn't mind compliments; he just doesn't know how to react to them.
"Ah, shit," Lee blurts out in awe, and he looks amazed when Dean's head snaps up. "Well, I'll be damned. Dean Winchester has gone and fallen in love with somebody. And it's real,
Cas," and darts forward to press a short, quick kiss right to his scruffy cheek before launching himself out of the bed. He's already got the phone to his ear, Sam's number ringing, not even thinking.
And Castiel is just—not doing this today. He is done playing this stupid, childish game with Dean. When he reaches out to grab Dean, it's not about pushing back. Slamming him up against Baby isn't about getting relief. This is purely his frustration bubbling over, causing him to haul Dean up when he slips down, stumbling a little and staring up at him like—
A conversation about how inevitably leads to the theory of who, and then it's only a hop, skip, and a jump to find themselves at the possible conclusion.
Ah, that's kind. Castiel doesn't particularly care, however. "You needn't worry. I didn't ask to be brought back. Jack left me here, so you'd have no luck in trying to get me to leave. I've decided my existence is no longer my problem."
They're still going at it, covered in grease and sweating, when Cas' truck pulls in. Dean apologizes for not having any food made, but Cas just smiles and tells him to keep doing whatever he's doing, promising to handle dinner on his own. He's a little insistent about it, and Jack is having the time of his life learning about Baby, so Dean agrees.
"Yes," Cas confirms. "I never forgot the deal. I never allowed myself to be happy, which wasn't a very hard task, as it turned out. There was always something to be upset about. But I knew that there was one thing that could bring me genuine joy, if only for a moment. A moment was all I needed, however. Do you remember when Billie was chasing us through the Bunker?"
the girl snips as she breaks away from the kiss, swiveling towards him with a scowl. She's eyeing him judgmentally. "This isn't private property; we
The trees open up to bright, open areas with one house immediately visible closest to him, and one just a little visible farther away. The one closer is much smaller—it's painted a yellow that could seriously use some varnish, and it has a porch with three brick stairs coming off of it. Dean knows that it's Cas' place almost immediately, simply because there are plants hanging off the rafters. Plants and wind-chimes, by the looks of it.
"Sam says we're good to head to Dodge City now. He's packing the car at the moment. You'll see to the lodging, right, Dean?" Jack says, smiling at them.
Dean takes a deep breath outside Cas' door, then barges in without knocking. He gets maybe one step inside before he's being roughly slammed up against the door, grunting from the feeling of it, then listening to that grunt be muffled by Cas' lips.
"Dean," Castiel says sharply, just for something to say, like he can possibly make Dean take it back.
"You can round up, it's fine. Sixty-forty. Anyway, women are always hot. I'm one hundred percent into them always. Men? Eh...forty percent of the time." Dean wrinkles his nose and shakes his hand back and forth, like so-so.
Dean glances towards the coffee once he sits his down. It's still hot, because it's covered. It's probably going to be the main bargaining chip here, but he wonders—as the guy Cas is actually, legitimately in love with—if he'll be able to soften Cas up a little. He's back at it again, always looking for that special treatment Cas gives him. So goddamn needy that it's pathetic.
And then he's gone, leaving Castiel alone with Dean. Sam is not safe. That's settled, then. He's a traitor of the worst sort. Castiel does not know why he feels betrayed. He should have anticipated this.
It's probably stupid of him, but Dean doesn't start off with the doubts or questions. He didn't last time, not really. He'd just immediately chose to believe that it was Cas, hoping for it
It hurts worse to acknowledge that he's hurting, like it gets stronger because he's aware of it. The pain is like a tulpa that he gives power to, and there's no way to stop believing that it's going to win every time. He thinks about how he burned that house on their first tulpa case, and how he can't burn himself alive just to escape this. It's oh so tempting, though, and that's a dangerous road to go down.
Before getting a shower, Dean goes to his closet. He doesn't know why he's so nervous about it, trepidation filling him as he approaches it. The flower should still be there. He left it there way before Michael possessed him, so it should be waiting. He wonders if it has wilted in his absence.
"Car trouble," Sam says. He holds up a finger when Dean opens his mouth. "Shh, shh, listen first. Not everyone knows how or cares enough to take care of their car the way you take care of Baby. But just think about it. A lot of Hunters put crazy amounts of miles on their vehicles, and
"You saying we narrowly missed every demon, reaper, and angel we ever killed coming back to life to be a pain in our asses again?" Dean mutters.
Dean can't hold onto the weak noise that slips free from his lips, as if he's been gutted. He reaches up with shaking fingers to carefully pluck the flower down, cradling it gently between both palms. He can barely look at it through the film of tears in his eyes.
When Cas pulls away, he kisses down the length of jaw, circling back up to his cheek. Soft flutters of kisses that go gently bestowed upon Dean's face, as fragile and sweet as flower petals. He kisses his nose, his eyelids, his forehead. Dean can feel his face burning, and his brain scrambles for anything to say that can get him out of this whole mortifying ordeal, except it's really—nice. He likes it, as stupid as that is, and so he shuts up and blushes his way through it and doesn't say a goddamn word to stop it.
"Hello, Dean," Cas greets. He looks at the door, then shakes his head. "I apologize. I should have knocked. I just wanted to speak with you."
That, at least, soothes Dean's nerves a little. If Sam doesn't think it's weird, then maybe it's not. He's generally got a better measurement for what's socially acceptable than Dean does, in any case.
of Cas' being gone, exhausted with not having him. He'll never get to. But, for another day, he can put off going where he always went last time. He can pretend Cas is on his way home.
"Not for you," Castiel snaps. There's a sickening, human twist in his chest as he realizes that Jack has no intentions of taking him. "You'll just never come back, then? How will I know if you—" He shakes his head. No, that's not an option. He will go. "I will come with you. Sam and Dean need not know."
He surges forward with the quietest laugh Dean has ever heard, a mere breath, yet still full of so much joy and delight that Dean's heart quivers in his chest in response. Cas kisses him again, hands coming to frame his face, the kiss a little forceful like he's just that damn ecstatic. Dean isn't sure what reaction he was expecting, but he's not about to complain.
and not just at this whole fucked up situation. He's a few more shouts out from making it personal when the whole Bunker shakes and the alarm goes up.
about Anna. I couldn't forget you if I tried, and I mean—I get it, you know? The jealousy. Just, I thought about you and...anyone else, really, and it turns out I don't, uh, actually like the thought? So."
Cas also shows him the bird feeders he's got set up. He's apparently on good terms with the hummingbirds, because he shows Dean his neat little trick of patiently and quietly holding out his finger so the random hummingbird will land there. He's so calm and careful about it, smiling tenderly and talking softly to the birds, in his own little world. Dean watches and thinks
"Right." Dean laughs—a soft, faint thing. "You're a regular rebel, I know that. Actually, that's probably why you fell in love with me to begin with. It would get you in the most trouble, and you're all about that."
"Jack," Castiel starts, only to snap his mouth shut when Jack is simply no longer there. Gone as if he wasn't ever there to begin with.
He's just a goddamn kid. Dean's heart clenches in his chest, his whole body stiff, aware of the audience, torn into too many directions. He thinks about his mom. God, she wouldn't want this. She would fucking hate this. He thinks about Cas losing his son and his—friend. He thinks about Sam losing his brother, about having to go on without half of his family. He thinks about how deeply he doesn't want to do this, a selfish pulse that usually goes smothered under his anger. But, right here on the edge of it all, Dean's not angry. He's just...tired.
Dean doesn't know for sure, but he knows what Cas needs the answer to be. "No, man, it's done. You're good to sleep. I'm, uh—I'm kinda keyed up, so I'm gonna go hang out in the living room. Don't worry, I won't turn on the TV."
"I wasn't—that shirt is...very distracting," Cas says, looking away with a frown. "Sam wanted me to inform you that he's going out to get takeout for dinner. He took Baby."
"Here," Dean croaks, sliding the flower over Cas' shoulder and waving it under his nose. "I'm supposed to be giving you this."
Jack has this one-day-a-week gig where he walks dogs for an older lady across town. He admits that he usually just appears close to there, hidden, because Cas is at work when he has to go. At first, he asks Dean if he can take Baby, then he switches gears and asks Dean if he'll come.
Dean flicks his gaze over Castiel's face, and instead of looking upset or offended, there's a spark in his eye. "Uh, you could—you could, um—" he pauses, his gaze sliding to the left. He's still struggling, and Castiel expects he always will, at least without aid. He reaches out and slides his hand up the side of Dean's neck, across the hollow of his throat, pushing up under his chin to fit his thumb and finger beneath the bolts of his jaw. Dean's eyes flutter shut, and his words come out strained, but they do come out. "You could, um, get rough with me, Cas. I
Dean whirls around so fast that Jack actually falters back a step. Whatever shows on his face makes Jack blink and Sam hastily stand to his feet, inching closer. Suddenly, the room seems suffocating, the tension so thick that Dean can't even think.
They go back to it, and true to her word, she doesn't say anything. He appreciates that. She's young, but she clearly has some tact. She goes around and cleans up while he erases the proof of a truck coming through here. He finishes, grabs his abandoned bag from earlier, then helps her finish, too. After that, he starts shaping up the bushes, and she follows behind him to hold out a bag, catching all the clippings dutifully.
Well, Dean takes one look at him and can no longer be normal from this point forward. Cas doesn't look any different since the last time Dean saw him, but his eyes are bright and he's smiling and the way he says Dean's name is filled with so much elation that it trembles. Dean can't figure out how to look away from him, but he also knows that he needs to.
Dean's eyes flutter shut, his stomach quivering, his heart racing. "That simple, huh? Ask and I shall receive?"
With apparent herculean effort, Cas manages to drag himself into a semi-sitting position, mostly slumping over towards Dean. He reaches out greedily to take the coffee as soon as Dean offers it. His eyes flutter shut around the first swallow, and Dean's heart does something stupid in his chest.
"Make it six," Sam says, his head poking in the doorway. "Eileen is coming. Hey, was that the Bee Movie? Eileen loves that movie."
for fuck's sake. Dean's got hickies all around his collar that are a bitch to hide, and Cas is breaking shit and being shy. It's so
Dean is. He doesn't know how not to be. He tells Cas that, too. He tells Cas that he misses him. He tells Cas that sometimes he doesn't want to leave this spot, that he sort of just wants to lay down and seep into the roots here, too. He tells Cas that he's tired.
that it's been confusing, and we didn't make it easy on each other, but our lives ain't been the easiest either. But Cas, I've loved you for
Dean's body locks up immediately, his hips jerking only once more, and then he's moaning—low and long and loud. He twitches, his head ducking forward as he gasps, his fingers working at the fabric on Castiel's shirt. He shudders, he shakes, and then he slumps back. He's still panting.
Dean holds up a finger, grimacing. "Get back to me on that after I've had at least a week to freak the fuck out about it. At the moment, it's tucked away in a nice, neat little box in the corner of my mind that I will eventually get around to unwrapping later. Lots of childhood trauma in there, you understand. Is it good enough for you now that I'm interested in you, and I know that for damn sure?"
One of the first is Jack, and Dean feels his chest tighten when seeing how the kid's eyes light up with hope first, then delight upon confirmation that yes, he really is Dean, and he really is back. Jack does look more solemn, less of a ray of sunshine about everything, but Dean supposes that's fair after everything that's happened to him. When Jack hugs him, he hugs
Things feel like they even out again when Cas is off for three days. Jack's gone during most of the day on Saturday and Sunday, reading to the kids at the library. That leaves Cas and Dean to find ways to pass the time, which could lead in a certain direction but doesn't. Dean's not even that upset about that, because they actually go and
Eventually, his phone rings. He brings it up, staring down at it to see Sam's name on it. Right. There's a whole thing they have to do. Defeat God. Save the world. The right thing, that's what they're supposed to be doing. That's all they've ever tried to do.
Dean tosses his paper towel and holds a hand up to halt him, laughing quietly. "Come on, man, I know you're not about to start something."
He's important. And he can go away and never come back. That, Dean has already suffered through. The Dean who went and visited a meadow as much as he could would be
There's a snag in their plan pretty early on, as it turns out. Chuck has Sam, so obviously Dean needs to get there immediately. For this, Cas calls him stupid. That is both rude and unnecessary and also, perhaps, just a little bit true.
That's the thing. When Dean read that book and saw what he had to do, he didn't think about himself first. Not his pain, not the unfairness of the situation, not what eternity of suffering would do to him. No, his first thought had been of Sam, Cas, and Jack—how this will hurt them, and how it's his fault, and how he can't do anything about it.
It's a fierce kiss, one where Dean is savoring the press of their lips and the rising emotion more than he's chasing the need for more. If this is it, if this is all he gets, he can't have too much. It's over far too soon, just after Cas' lips move against his, a soft glide that threatens to draw Dean in deeper. He wrenches back, stepping away hastily as he raises a hand to cover his mouth. He closes his eyes briefly, and then he exhales and drops his hand, unable to bring himself to look Cas in the eye.
"I can work with that." Dean finishes making Cas' coffee, then makes his own. He puts a napkin over Cas' to keep the steam in, to keep it hot, then raises both mugs at Jack. "Wish me luck."
"No, it didn't." Cas takes a deep breath and looks up to meet his eyes. "In the end, the Empty seemed to realize that the only solution was to let me out. It agreed so long as Jack put everyone back to eternal rest, including itself."
And so it goes. They stay out there until all the bleeding colors in the sky are staunched, until dusk has rolled in and threatens to turn to night, until Sorine has finally finished her first and only beer. She's a slow drinker, but Dean chalks that up to her terrible taste in drinking out of cans.
In the shower, he tests a theory. As it turns out, yes, his body's sudden awareness is Dean's fault. The fact that he knows likely would be enough, as if some part of Castiel is finally tired of the restraint, like he can have this, at least, after all these years. It doesn't help that Dean is being—well, frankly, he's teasing Castiel with things, or about things that he hasn't even allowed himself to think about in detail.
"It's my pleasure," Castiel tells him quietly, sincerely, lips curling up before he turns and leaves, gently shutting the door behind him.
Dean carefully moves into the room, getting closer, and Castiel's eyes slowly open. He doesn't look particularly surprised to see Dean there, but his eyes do light up. They do that every time Dean enters a room, just so simply pleased that he's there.
"Dude, the other night, I kid you not, he stayed up until nearly three in the morning because he didn't check that the door was locked a third time. He said he
"You alright, man? Like I said, I know it's kinda messed up about Jack, but things could be a lot worse, right?" Sam raises his eyebrows just a little with no judgement, an uncertain smile twitching at the corners of his mouth, almost hopeful. "I mean, being left in the Empty would be, if I had to guess. It's better that you're out."
me. You had every opportunity to change your own situation. If you were unhappy and wished to see me, or talk to me more frequently, you could have said so. You never did." He draws in a quiet breath, then slowly releases it, and Dean can feel him getting closer. Too close. "And, as I've said to you before...I left, but you didn't stop me."
Dean shrugs. "Well, that's not how it went. Or how it's going. Cas is very firmly in the corner of us being
"Neither did I," Castiel assures him. He gives him a surprisingly sly look, amused. "We were otherwise occupied, if you recall."
Seeing him draws Dean up short. There he is, just like that, turning away from the payphone like he never left at all. There he is, in that dumb coat and that backwards tie, hands hanging limply at his sides. There he is, fixing his gaze on Dean immediately and first thing, the intensity behind his eyes as arresting as it always has been.
Cas watches his strain for a few minutes, just like a cat would watch a mouse stuck in a trap. God, he's such an asshole when he hasn't gotten a proper amount of sleep. "Fortunately for you, we're discussing parental relations, not siblings—though, in your case, those might be one in the same, with how you were forced to raise Sam in mind."
The only difference is that Castiel sometimes bluntly speaks about his feelings in a way that makes Dean blush and feel guilty every single time. It flusters him without fail, no matter how much he tries to prepare himself for it.
Really, though, Kaia's alright. They have somewhat of a shaky history, considering Dean once put a gun to her head, but she apparently doesn't hold it against him, which is nice of her. He apologizes anyway about it, because he knows he should, and she gives him a small smile while simply accepting it, no muss and no fuss. He had thought she was shy, but either Claire has brought her out of her shell a bit, or she feels more at home in her own skin, because she turns out to be really funny and easy to spend time with, so effortlessly
Castiel isn't particularly surprised by most of this. He knows that Dean would mourn him, even just as family. Lucifer is a shock, however. Jack never mentioned that Lucifer tricked Dean. Had he just not known? This is bad.
Castiel narrows his eyes. Dean looks just as wound tight as Castiel feels, though he can't imagine why. What does he have to be frustrated about? Castiel can feel a prickle start up under his skin, making him tense as he surveys Dean, who is surveying him with equal agitation.
"I am. I definitely, one hundred percent am. I'm really excited, you know, about leaving here right now instead of...hanging around here for a bit. I can't think of one thing I'd rather be doing than going to Dodge City," Dean mutters. He is, admittedly, being a little petulant about this. His sarcasm is as subtle as a brick.
"Well, you haven't offered to suck my dick, not once, so chivalry is dead, apparently. The way I see it, you got one romantic bone in your goddamn body, and you broke it on your trip to the Empty," Dean tells him, apparently angry about this.
Castiel does not see, but that's besides the point. He can't understand what Dean's attempting to do by saying this to him. Is this supposed to be a comfort?
"Says the original rebel." Dean snorts and kicks his legs out to tangle with Castiel's, bringing them closer together. "You don't gotta tell me, man. Your penchant for rebellion is hot as hell."
These days, Dean doesn't get called pretty as much, not in this time and now that he's older. It doesn't grate on him as much anyway. But Lee knew him back then. Lee used to say Dean was a pair of lips to make any man look twice, made for kissing, made for something else, too. Lee had a way about him, a charm, and Dean liked it far more than he should have, considering he didn't want to be pretty at all. But oh, when Lee said it, he felt like he really was, and he found he didn't mind.
Castiel releases his lip, his breath stuttering, and Dean sways in place. He can feel his lip throbbing. He can hear himself panting. His heart is going as fast as Castiel's was, if not harder. He realizes, belatedly, that he's shaking a little—just the tremor of his hands, the wobbliness of his knees.
The box, as it turns out, may as well have been put together with Elmer's glue and kiddie stickers for all that it holds Jack.
that Sam brings it up to try and get him out, get him cheered up, get him to start living again, at least a little.
"Have you? That's one way to look at it, Cas. Good for you, man." Dean snorts, sounding amused. "So you're my problem now?"
With shaking hands, he tilts Cas' chin back, plugs his nose, and dips in. He hovers there for a brief second. He can't think of one reason why he should do this, because Cas isn't family, Cas isn't someone they know with unshakeable certainty that they can trust, even if—sometimes—Dean feels it down to his bones that they can. He takes a deep breath, stuck, then he screws his eyes shut and dives in.
Dean shakes his head minutely and casts his gaze away, exhaling shakily. "I wasn't really doing much living if I'm honest, but nothing like that. We were free, right? And—and you would have hated it if I just tossed everything you gave aside. I didn't want it, but what could I do? I would've, though. The first chance I got to—to stop, I guess, I would've."
"I like you like this," Cas tells him casually, his fingers splitting in Dean's mouth and circling his tongue, pressing down beside teeth. "Of course, I love you in any state, but I
"I'm the one who will have to watch you murder the world," Cas says harshly, refusing to look away from him, so goddamn persistent. "So, if there's even a
like he is. He thinks about coming here to this meadow, touching the flowers, watching the windmill turn. What happens when those flowers die, and what happens when that windmill breaks down? He's been looking for Cas in all the places he'll never get to go, and he's never going to find him.
Looks like he's circled back around to denial. Sometimes, he does that. He regresses from anger back to the start, always falling prey to bargaining, losing days to depression. Acceptance will forever remain out of reach, he's sure. He's always going to be stuck in this cycle. Is this what freedom has offered him? He doesn't even want it.
"Do you think—" Dean cuts himself off, wavering, his stomach cramping. He swallows, trying to figure out how to word this without being...something. Pathetic. Hypocritical. Desperate. Worse off than he seems like. "I don't mean—just...if there was a way, if magic could—"
it was locked, so why did he have to check it again? But he had to do it. Me doing it for him didn't work; it
to each other. They've never been anything, and they never will, because they're stuck in the same fucking cycle that they have been forever.
"Dean," Castiel grits out, grinding his teeth. It's not a pleasant sensation, not with the sound of it echoing in his head, racketing the tension up higher, but it does take the edge off.
He is only vaguely surprised that Dean is just saying it, talking about it, not avoiding it outright. This is not good. This is worse than if Dean refused to look at him for the rest of eternity. It makes him angrier than he already was, and before he knows what he's doing, he's breaking his own vow to speak.
know. He nearly brains himself on the hood of Baby when she admits that she didn't know cars even needed water. It is agony, deep down in his car-lovin' heart.
of that, Dean. I just want to make peace with it and return to how things were, that is all. You're making it very hard."
Upon reflection, what he needs first is something to drink. His tongue scrapes against the sticky, dry roof of his mouth. His teeth feel tacky and unpleasant. He doesn't think he has been this thirsty in his life, though he recognizes the sensation from his time as a human before. There is something strangely invigorating about easily identifying his needs in this state. Independence, perhaps.
"That's generous," Dean mutters, then coughs. "I should probably get her a fruit basket or something. For getting you to stick around, I mean. It probably would have driven me insane if you left. I don't even know what I woulda done, so really, Claire has definitely earned—well, maybe not a fruit basket. That's a little, uh, too on the nose. Maybe I'll do something cool for her car, if she'll let me."
The familiarity in it seems to settle Dean, because he hugs back. He coughs out what seems to be a tiny, incredulous laugh, but he hugs Castiel just as he always has, complete with Dean even lightly clapping him on his back. He's mistaken if he thinks this is going to be a short hug.
"I bet you are." Dean tucks his lips in and looks down at his shoes, a hot spike of anger shivering up his spine. He snaps his head up and steps forward, clenching his jaw when Cas immediately steps back, avoiding him. Dean nods. "Yeah, good, you're already starting to get it. Don't touch me ever again. Don't stand close to me. Don't fucking
What's the point of any of it, of doing the right thing, of daring to love and keep loving? Look where it gets them. It's the definition of insanity, doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.
"Sam, I'm enjoying the brother solidarity here, I really am, but Cas ain't the bad guy in this scenario. He's not
And suddenly, Dean is saying, "Yeah, Cas, what the hell? Don't tell me you're throwing a fit because you want a goddamn nap." His voice turns sing-song, lightly mocking, the undercurrent of something bitter and sharp mixed in. "Also, no
"What? Oh, I'm watching Kaia break Chad's heart right now. It's fucking glorious, Cas. He looks like his dick is shriveling as we speak."
He rips the door open, only to realize who's going to be on the other side of it once it's swinging open to reveal the offending visitor. Dean. Of course it's Dean. Why would it be anyone else? Castiel is arrested by the sight of him for a second, heart stumbling in his chest, the knot twisting and pulsing right next to it.
When he leaves, he stops by a dark red, nearly purple flower, considering. But no. No, he's got one at home, if only he'll convince himself to bring it out again. Maybe one day.
Dean does, sliding his finger underneath the strand of hair, pushing it back from Castiel's forehead. He's careful not to touch skin. "There. Get some sleep, Cas. You'll feel better tomorrow."
For a long time, Dean sits right there with the flower in his hands, swinging wildly between relief and confusion. The impression of loss and grief still clings to his bones, and it exhausts him. He sprawls out on his bed, shutting his eyes, the flower soft under his fingertips.
"Angel of Thursday," Dean says softly. "His family is, uh, religious. His friends call him Cas, though. I sorta—well, I gave him the nickname, and I guess it just…stuck."
Dean hums. "I hear you. Wouldn't do that. Cas would hate it, and you're my brother. I can't leave you just yet. I'm just...so tired."
The ride back to the Bunker is quiet, to start. Dean keeps flicking his gaze to the rearview mirror, meeting Cas' eyes through the reflection. It's hard to force himself to keep looking at the road. He thinks about all the drives he took to the meadow, all the times he looked at the empty backseat.
"I think—" Dean pauses, huffing a slightly incredulous laugh. "Cas, I think you actually fucking wooed me, man. You—you
"Do you—" Cas' voice is so gruff that he has to clear it so he doesn't sound like he's growling. He pulls back, one of his hands cupping Dean's jaw, tipping it forward a little. His thumb presses against the seam of Dean's mouth again, like he can't help it, like he
Some of Cas drifts away. Some dusts the blades of grass. Some stays in a thin film on the inside of the glass of the makeshift urn. Dean swallows and sits the jar down on a particularly springy portion of the grass, using his hands to pat down a small area so it will stay in place. It seems so terribly bare, so he goes and plucks flowers to place around the jar, stepping back when it looks like a proper memorial.
Cas seems to be everywhere all at once, his mouth on Dean's and all over his neck and jaw, his hands through Dean's hair and under his shirt and cupping his side to pin him in place. Dean doesn't think he's doing anything else, either. He's fluttering his hands over the shape of Cas like he can memorize it through touch. He kisses Cas, then sucks a harsh mark into his throat, then is right back to muffling moans into his mouth. It's exactly as urgent and frantic as Dean assumed it would be, hot and heavy, fast and desperate. Damn, what a reunion.
that being said, i do think it makes some kind of sense for cas to just be like: ah, i am free to do whatever now, everything is calm, wait, oh no, dean's gonna KNOW, what do i do? oh, i know, ill give him full authority over our relationship and be thankful for anything he gives me, that way i can't do anything wrong and lose him overall. wait, no, that backfired, why is he mad? he was the one in charge. ah, for a second there, i got so caught up in living in a world where we could be free that i forgot the man im in love with has a variety of issues and, perhaps, should not be left in complete control of this situation. whoops.
"Right," Dean rasps. "That. It was—I was supposed to come here and make you answer a question, then force you to, um, say you don't want me to my face. That was the plan, originally, but—"
Castiel thinks sardonically, suddenly getting it. Or, he thinks he gets it. Even in this, in something he doesn't even want, a burden, Dean will find ways to believe himself inadequate. Castiel almost holds the truth of it close to his chest out of sour derision, but Dean means too much to him for that. He sighs softly, a sort of tragic sadness making the perpetual knot in his chest quiver.
"You're wrong," Dean tells him, denying it instantly. It's not. He won't go too far. He's handling it.
Dean flutters his hand over Cas' chest, wavering, maybe panicking a little. The adrenaline is still flowing. Cas is just laying there, and they're not exactly friends, but maybe allies? Maybe? Something. It's
As it turns out, Jack is here. Castiel pauses in the doorway of the kitchen, taking in Jack's soft laughter and Dean's soft grin. The knot in his chest almost unravels entirely, and he sucks in a sharp breath without even meaning to.
Cas does, cupping his face and kissing him again, which shuts Dean's brain down entirely. It draws out, long and hot and heady. Dean's stupid about it instantly, a whimpering noise ripped out of his throat. He
Dean looks at him sometimes, and it's like all he sees is Cas, and it's not a comforting thing. It doesn't do anything but remind him of why and how Cas died, whose fault that is.
If he just so happens to indulge in human pleasures before sleeping, well...he's had a very long day dealing with Dean, so he forgives himself for it.
It's the fact that Dean loved him, that he said it, that summoned the Empty. It would have never worked if Dean didn't love Cas, but how could he not? He was damned if he did, and damned if he didn't. They were both damned, really.
"Stubborn bastard," Dean whispers, fitting his palm to Cas' cheek, feeling the scruff brush his skin, cradling the warmth. "Why was that enough? Why don't you let yourself want more?"
So, they step away from each other, and it's a miracle that neither of them are crying. It's a pain that goes beyond pain, so destructive that crying isn't even possible. They look at each other, and then they look away all at once, and then they go.
Castiel laughs, despite himself. "He was actually a very good teacher. Without him, I would not care about things the way I do now." He sobers a little, his smile slipping. "You may not wish to hear it, but without Dean's guidance, I don't know if I would have cared about you. I'm sorry about that."
The front door slams shut, and Cas' small smile falls into a small frown. He narrows his eyes at the swinging door. "He always slams it. I tell him not to, and he always slams it."
Dean nearly swallows his tongue. He chokes as his head snaps up, and he has to beat on his chest for a second as he stares, wide-eyed and incredulous, at Cas. Those words seem to hit Cas a little belatedly, and he blanches, actually jerking back slightly.
That's never going to happen. Dean glances down at Cas' hand on shoulder and then holds his gaze as he says, "I don't think that's gonna be a problem."
He swallows the rest of his words, slumping down and pressing his fist against his lips. For a long moment, he just squeezes his eyes closed and breathes. It hurts. It always fucking hurts. Just this persistent ache in his chest that won't go away, that offers him no reprieve. It's there every morning when he wakes, it drifts off with him when he sleeps, and it curls up with him for his nightmares.
Things remain rough from there, but they get confusing as well. Michael's back and so is Adam, and Dean...doesn't really know what to do with that. Despite Cas
"So, all it really took to make you happy was to finally know if I love you or not, huh?" Dean mumbles, clicking his tongue softly. "What would have happened if I didn't?"
Yeah, no, he shuts that shit down quickly. Bon Jovi can fuck right the fuck off right about now, actually. As if
Cas jerks his hands back, blinking rapidly as they jolt apart. "Oh," he says softly, "I liked that cup."
Castiel ignores Dean for his own sanity, moving over to the chair and focusing entirely on Jack. "You're staying?"
but something is unbalanced. Something's wrong somewhere, somehow, no matter how right everything feels.
Slowly, Castiel slips into it, careful about it. The jacket is only slightly snug on him, but seeing as it's loose on Dean, that makes sense. He drags his fingers up the sleeve slowly, shying away from where he placed his hand before he—before he—
Dean flashes him a grin, showing his incisors, his playful canines. It's a smile made of art, the same way blood is beautiful before you realize it's blood. "Oh, I think you are. You've been back for two days and haven't touched me
more, he should get to have it, and Dean—well, Dean can't admit it, but he wants it, too, if Cas does. Why can't Cas just
In truth, he was aroused by Dean before he even understood what arousal was. Not even necessarily in a body response—just in general. He reacts to Dean, and he only reacts louder when Dean is spurring him on. Ah, so this is his doing, then? Castiel should be angry about this, perhaps, and he
Unfortunately, shame and irritation drowns out that secret enjoyment and relief. He knows how Dean feels about him, and he knows that won't ever change. Being mocked for his own feelings is the worst part, he thinks. He's never thought of Dean as genuinely cruel, because Dean never sincerely endeavors to hurt someone he cares about—and, despite all of this, Castiel is quite sure that Dean does care about him—but what he's doing now…
"I understand existing better when doing it with you," Cas tells him, soft and tender, meaning it because he's helpless to it, "but this you. It can
"You're welcome to leave through it," Castiel offers, because Dean can. He always can. He's also curious if Dean will take the out.
Cas' head whips around, eyes blazing, and Dean's heart speeds up even more than it already is, breath hitching in his throat. Cas hisses, "Shut
Clearing his throat, Cas moves further into the room, coming to a halt by Dean's desk. "I thought we could talk about Amara and your—pull to her."
Dean clings to him automatically, somehow convinced that he'll just keep Cas with him if he holds on tight enough. The Empty can't have him.
Claire makes a small sound, a content thing. "At the moment? She's drawing on my thighs. I believe it is a...babe, what the fuck is that?"
In the moment, the unfairness of the situation washes through him. Yes, he may have brought these feelings on himself, but Dean doesn't need to toy with them. Castiel doesn't think Dean is being intentionally cruel, but at this point, it
This means he knows exactly what's happening when Shawn takes one look at Castiel and then very firmly does not look away while saying, "Well, hello, and who are
It's weird to miss the afterimages of someone on top of just missing them, but Dean does. When he leaves, he misses the pieces of Cas that he has left. He starts taking a flower with him when he goes, holding them in his pocket, putting them on his nightstand until they inevitably die, too. Every time one does, it's like watching Cas die all over again.
"You know flowers have meanings, both in type and color." The guy tips his head at the flowers they're talking about. "That one in particular means falling in love, or friendship turning into love, or those two things being mixed up. Because yellow means friendship and red means love. It's good to give someone you want to be with, who's also a friend."
"I might—" Sam clears his throat, his face twitching with sympathy when Dean looks at him blankly. "I might hold off on calling Eileen for now, just—"
"A little redundant, don't you think? It's not like you don't already know," Dean says with a snort, reading the title—Angel Anatomy.
"Okay, no, I get that, and I'm—I'm very glad you see it that way," Sam says quickly, holding up a hand and taking a deep breath. "I'm not saying you, um, throw yourself at him, or anything. Just, have you tried
When Cas gets back, Dean's in the middle of cooking something for dinner. The way his eyes light up at seeing the lasagna in the oven sticks with Dean for hours, only beaten by how delighted he is while eating it. None of that holds a candle to Cas' reaction to the improved bedroom doorknob.
"I'm not," Cas says seriously. "Crowley asked that I tell you hello, by the way. He was, once again, a reluctant ally who helped. There were others who joined in with overwhelming the Empty, perhaps for something to do. I'm not sure if you're aware of this, Dean, but we have made many enemies over the years, and a surprising amount have come to be...ever so slightly fond of us. Or, at the very least, entertained by our lives. I suppose being as dead one can get will put things in perspective."
Sam and Eileen leave the next day later in the evening after dinner, and Dean's kinda mopey when they go. He snaps back into himself, however, when Sam sends him the codex. He and Cas sit up in bed with the laptop resting on one leg each, squinting at the screen like a couple of old men.
"To the library," Jack says, staring at the keys with genuine excitement. "I'll only be gone for a few hours. I promise to be careful."
A stray thought manages to stick, just the passing question of what it would feel like to have Cas' actual dick in his mouth, since his fingers are pinging every happy point in Dean's brain. The mere idea draws a groan out of him that feels like it's coming from somewhere else, from someone else, and he sucks on Cas' fingers harder.
"You need a—" Dean yelps and nearly knocks over the little table by the door, seeing as he completely fucking forgot it was there. Cas tucks his fingers into his belt loops and gently tugs him away, tugs him closer, warm lips pressing soft and wet across Dean's naked shoulder. Dean huffs, then sighs, then goes back to fighting with Cas' coat. "New clothes. My clothes.
With a lazy yawn, he gets up and gets dressed. He puts the pristine flower in his closet, then heads to the bathroom for a shower. Dean examines himself in the mirror in the bathroom, turning his head this way and that, startled by how relaxed he looks. He'd barely been able to look at his reflection before, flinching away from the grief that caused his face to sag. He looks better. Happier.
"It's really not," Dean agrees, shrugging when Sam purses his lips. "I mean, thanks, I guess. It's very heartwarming. Really, we should sit down and start scrapbooking together and—"
"Okay, can I just say it?" Sam asks, still in the goddamn room beside Jack, who is also here, and Dean somehow fucking
If Dean were in some sort of romance novel, he'd probably swoon. He is not, so he does not, but he kinda understands why people in those novels do. It's pretty sweet of Castiel to say something like that, and Dean can't help how nice it is to hear.
Tabby declares, swinging towards Cas with a broad smile, winking at him, "I hope your food tastes as good as you look, darlin'. You let me know if you need anything at all, okay?"
Dean?" Castiel grits out, frustrated beyond measure now. He has no earthly idea what Dean's even talking about. He rarely does.
"A couple of things have changed about me. Aren't you curious to see what hasn't?" Lee asks, suggestive and pointed, drawing closer.
of them don't know how to keep their car from breaking down. It puts a lot of them in this position where they have these extra expenses on top of Hunting, and it's not like they all have the Charlie Bradbury special. And shit, Dean, at least half of some of these Hunters came from a world where they hadn't used cars in
The terror fades entirely when their lips connect, and so does that aching want that's been gnawing on his insides. It's such a relief that he groans, though that may have something to do with kissing Cas. He hasn't done it in so long, not since the mark, and that's a memory he would rather forget.
No one can piss him off like Cas can, making him boil over and just let his mouth run away from him, just like now. "I was affected, and it
He spends the next twenty-five minutes looking for Cas and alternatively checking the phone. The more time that ticks down, the worse Dean feels. His stomach is cramping by the five minute mark. He's almost positive that he's not leaving, that he's going to miss the window to get out. He'll let it shut, and he knows it. He never could leave Cas here, not the first time, and not now.
"Okay, yes, you asshat." Dean lets out this tiny huff as he slowly starts inching towards the table. "I meant, why are you wearing my shirt?"
"It's best if I don't," Cas murmurs, clearing his throat. "In any case, whatever ridiculous notion you have in your head
Despite having the GPS, Dean nearly misses his turn entirely. It's not his fault. Apparently, Cas lives up a very long dirt-path driveway with a lot of woods on each side, very secluded, right up until it isn't.
He trails after Dean like Sam used to, like Dean used to trail after his dad. So eager to please, wanting more than anything to get approval, trying to be like them and liked by them. And it's so fucking
"Got it in one." Dean hisses in triumph when he finally locates the thermos. "Why aren't you typing? You're still not typing. Dude, come on."
Becky took a seat on the edge of Sam’s bed. She scoffed. “You’re joking right? Twins? I promise you; I had no idea that was going to happen.”
Sam had just finished his workout at the gym. He tended to get in a full workout after he got off from work. He now worked as a professor at the local college. Jody was old friends with the Dean of Admissions and got Sam a job teaching pre-law.
“I wish I had that answer, Sam,” Cas said. He had been wrapping his head around this all day and none of his ideas end well for him, Dean or the baby.”
Dean threw his hands up to stop Cas. “Wait. Wait. You told me Heaven agreed to the pregnancy. You said it was okay!”
Sam sighed. “We’re going to save Cas. We will. But can we please hold off on calling archangels into the mix before we start another angel war?”
Dean stopped himself because he could feel his stomach beginning to cramp. He put a hand to his middle, clenched his teeth, and groaned. Cas immediately jumped over to Dean to help him but Dean put his hand up to stop him. “Cas, stop. Just stop.”
Dean admired his nephew sleeping in his brothers’ arms. For now, he was safe and clueless of the scary supernatural world that lay beyond these walls. But eventually, it’ll catch up with him. Just like it caught up with Dean and Sam at young ages. “How could you say that? First of all, I’m engaged to an angel and pregnant with a Nephilim,” he said putting a hand to his stomach. “Second, you live in a bunker where we have a wall-to-wall library filled with old-ass books on supernatural creatures. And third, you gave birth to your children! I don’t know what fantasy world you think you’re living in but I highly suggest you come back to reality,” he exclaimed quietly.
Cas just uses his release to add to the slick glide, working his hand faster, twisting it on the stroke up, and Dean clutches at him with a groan. He thinks he's probably saying his name, possibly babbling a long stream of other things as well, but there's just a roaring in his ears as everything falls apart so perfectly, in and around him.
"He enjoys it." Cas finally glances at him, his face softening a little. "It was kind of you to let him take Baby. Not only will the kids admire it, but Jack genuinely likes your car. A lot."
He can't refuse to, not when Castiel is so sincere, not when he means it in the way promises are supposed to be—never broken, cradled safely in trust that could make someone float while taking a leap into nothingness, completely blindfolded.
Jack's back the next time that Cas goes to work, so Dean spends those five hours with him. They watch TV for a few hours, and then Jack asks if he can drive Baby, but Dean's in no mood to leave the house. His compromise is taking Jack outside and letting him get under Baby's hood, teaching him how to maintain her, how to take care of her.
"When I woke up, I saw flowers just like that one. It's from there, isn't it?" Cas murmurs, finally dragging his gaze from the flower to look at Dean directly. "You brought it from there."
"You cannot give me full agency over you, Dean," Castiel rasps as Dean's teeth graze over his pulse.
Jack—like any other kid—clings to all he knows, and right now, all he knows is Sam and Dean. He wants to be around them all the time. He wants to learn from them, wants to be like them, but it's worse because it's mostly Dean.
"And when it comes to your pants?" Cas challenges, an eyebrow arching as Dean drags him back in by his belt loops.
Of course, Dean's not thinking about what agony awaits him at the bottom of the ocean. He has the bitter thought that maybe a different sort of pain would be a nice change of pace. A little dramatic? Yes, but Dean feels stung in a way he can't really shake. It burrows under his skin, makes it hard to eat and sleep and be anything other than angry.
"You seem awfully curious about me," Dean counters, leaning back against the sink, watching Lee come closer thoughtfully.
"Oh. No, no, nothing like that." Dean waves his hand and steps up to the sink. "He's particular about a few things. It bugs him if those things aren't like that. Dishes gotta be rinsed off, even if they're not going in the dishwasher for a while. The fan's gotta be on so he can sleep. He has to make sure the door's locked three times every night and he won't be able to sleep if any appliances are running, like the TV or the dishwasher. Stuff like that."
A moment later, Castiel puts his phone aside and releases a long, deep sigh. He relaxes back into the bed in a way he hasn't ever really done as an angel. There are benefits to being a human, along with the downsides. It is much easier to enjoy the small comforts of life when they affect you so starkly. Despite his tension, it feels nice to just...lay down.
Castiel has never actually held any ill will towards Baby, but in this moment, he wants to set her on fire. He's frozen in place for a moment, feeling as if he's been kicked right in the chest. The knot has tightened like a corset, yanked in by one simple declaration from Dean's careless mouth. Castiel wonders if Sam would understand if he came home to find Dean's jaw broken. Castiel wonders who he's trying to fool—himself? If he could get his hands on Dean's jaw, it wouldn't be to break it. Not even right now. But oh, his fury disagrees
"Bite me, kettle," Dean mutters, passing him his glass and Jack's kool-aid, as well as one of the beers for Eileen. "Listen, Sam's gonna send us his codex to look over. Reading material before bed, and hey, remind me to run something by you later."
Things aren't okay, Castiel knows that, but he thinks they could be one day. He cannot stop loving Dean Winchester, but he will not ruin their friendship because of it. The knot seems to loosen at that thought, at that plan, even if he is angry. So very angry about Jack, about the fact that Dean and him are already tense and prickling for a fight about this. He does not want to fight. There is no point.
Dean bears his teeth in a grimace. "Cas, pal, I hate to tell you this, but it wasn't me doing the slicing."
That plan goes out the window the moment he turns a corner and sees Cas walking up the hall towards him. His head is ducked, looking down at his phone as he walks, not paying attention to shit. Dean feels an abrupt surge of affection for him, so obvious and so telling that it fuels his anger. He's even more pissed off now than he was seconds before, and this is all
He says, "Almost told the kid to fuck off today. He saw that I had a pocket knife. Asked me why, and I tried, Cas. I told him how they come in handy. He decided he wanted one because, get this,
Sam takes one look at him and winces. He inhales deeply, then slips into the room, gently shutting the door behind him. Dean watches him approach, not saying anything when Sam crouches down in front of him. He studies Dean for a long time, looking so very sad. Looking only a fraction of what Dean feels.
"I'd tell you, but we have to get to Dodge City," Cas says, flashing him a smile so heart-stoppingly attractive that Dean's lips part. He tilts his head a little, then starts backing out of the room, huffing a quiet laugh as he goes. "I'll tell you later. Or show you, perhaps."
Castiel sips his coffee, mind still stuck on what happened in the shower. That alone, he thinks, would make being human worth it. Truly, that experience was...wonderful. He does not tell Dean this, of course. Instead, he says, "Being human? No, not at all. My grace was fleeting at the end, and...there are some benefits to it."
Cas shudders against him the moment the kiss connects, and then his hands snap out to grab Dean and shove him up against the small sink in the corner. Dean moans helplessly and nearly gives himself a concussion when he tosses his head back and knocks it into the mirror behind him. Cas' hand cups the back of his head, fitting against the curve like he's blocking it from further injury, his fingers pushing through Dean's hair. He uses it to wrench Dean's head back even further, his mouth hot and wet against Dean's throat.
to heart. He hasn't left the Bunker for longer than a couple of hours in forty-eight fucking days, and this really doesn't coincide with who he is as a person. He won't take any cases or go on long drives, just in case he misses anything. Heaven better be made outta gold by the time Cas gets back, or Dean's going to kill him.
Dean admits, staring at Sam helplessly. "I'll try, but when it's my time… Sam, when I'm gone, put me with him. Will you do that?"
Cas stares at him, uncertain and confused. "If I've kept you from saying something, I apologize. You can tell me anything, though I can't imagine what this is now. But Dean, I
"Well, it's like that," Sam tells him, pursing his lips and looking down at his hands. He's fiddling with them. Shifty about it. Awkward.
"Oh, awesome. Real nice." Dean tosses up a hand and lets it flop back down to his side, stuffing it back in his pocket when he realizes that his fingers are trembling. "Do I get a say in this at all?"
"Get started," Dean says softly. "We'll get started on handling that son of a bitch, and then—and then everything will be… It'll work out, and we can—we won't have to, um."
Cas inclines his head. "You have. Truly, if I knew that it would improve your disposition this much, I would have found a way into Purgatory sooner."
Cas looks to the side, his throat bobbing again as he takes yet another step back. "I'm sorry, Dean."
It's not until they get back to the Bunker, where it's oh so quiet, that it really hits Dean. Well, shit. He lost the kid, too. Has he even earned the right to be upset about that, after every goddamn mistake he made with Jack? He doesn't know, but that doesn't stop him from aching anyway.
Castiel squints at the last two messages. Yes, he's quite sure that Sam knows of his feelings now. When Dean told him is a mystery, just as well as why. He's not upset about it, not really. There's a chance Sam already knew, or at least had an idea of it. In the end, he decides to ignore it.
"Hm, because of me, yeah," Dean says with a humorless smile, shaking his head and turning away as he reaches up to scrub at the corner of his eye. It's burning. He refuses to cry. He fucking won't. He's angry, more angry than hurt, and that's all there is to it. "You've got to be kidding me."
Sam blurts out, practically sailing across the space to slam into Castiel and hug him, still crying just a little, his gratitude palpable.
"I know what you mean," Dean says. "Cas has—had a kid, and now I'm… Guess I'm trying to teach him right from wrong, get him through life like Cas would have wanted, but it's—it's—"
"Huh," Sam grunts, getting with the program and helping rinse dishes. "I didn't know he cared about stuff like that."
It takes Dean some time to realize that Cas is back to giving him emotional whiplash. He's so hot and cold about everything, one way one second and another way the next.
Dean doesn't. He shifts, starting to cross his arms, only to drop them again. "I'm not going anywhere."
that happen, even if he hasn't said that out loud. Fortunately, Castiel isn't trying to go anywhere, so that saves him from having that conversation. Castiel is just here now, and probably will be until they all die together at an old age, ideally. Dean doesn't bring that up, either.
Castiel's heartbreak. The guilt slams into him hard and unforgiving, latching on like leeches. He stares at Castiel's downturned gaze, his hanging head, his slumped shoulders. Defeat. He's defeated.
They mark each other like the bodies beneath them are just canvases that they have to leave their signatures on. Dean is sure they'll look like they've fought when all is said is done, and he gives not one fuck about it. Every bruise sucked and bitten into his skin feels so good that he can't complain.
In the end, though, the whole thing blows over. Castiel never finds out why Dean was angry to begin with, and Dean prefers it that way.
Dean opens his mouth, then closes it, then sighs and nods. "Yeah, whatever. So, what's he afraid of?"
doesn't even know what he said. He ducks his head and shifts to sit the flower on the nightstand, vowing to pack it away in his closet later. Maybe he can press it in a book. A reminder. It can die if it has to, because Cas is here, and that's better than some flower anyway.
"I don't—uh, actually, I don't know. I was kinda hoping you'd have some kinda idea," Dean admits cautiously, a little taken aback by how furious Cas seems to be by the blemish.
"No," Dean replies bluntly, dropping his head forward and giving Lee a humorless smile. "He makes me angry. He makes me miserable. He makes me fucking crazy."
He's never seen Cas look like this. The closest was years and years ago, his first visit to a brothel. He hadn't just looked nervous; he'd looked outright
And that's fine. That's cool. Whatever. It isn't Dean's business. He doesn't really care. He just wishes Shawn and his stupid boot-spurs would fucking shut the hell up for five minutes so they could figure out why horses are being possessed.
Whatever it is. All of it. He doubts he would mind, and in fact, he's pretty sure that he wants it. That's where the issue comes in, he thinks. Back when he wasn't fully sold on wanting it, he could just flippantly offer, no problem. Now that he's positive that he does, he can't figure out how to say a goddamn thing. When it's an offering, he's fine; when it's asking, he's fucked.
Dean almost lifts a hand as he goes to speak, needing the space, but then he manages to catch himself and clench his fist instead. "Oh, believe me, I get it. Blah, blah, Raphael, right?"
right at the edge of the bed. Dean goes down with a small huff of air that turns into a groan as soon as Cas follows him, sprawling out on top of him and in between his legs. There's skin-on-skin, some maneuvering of limbs, some readjusting of hands, and then their slick mouths meet again.
Cas heaves a sigh and grabs his gun, opening the door and sliding out, his smile a little softer as he leans in and looks at Dean steadily. "There is also the fact that this is my last day alive."
"Claire knows," Castiel offers. "Jack told her about the deal, and she figured out the rest. She doesn't know your feelings on the matter, just my own."
"Much." Cas closes his eyes again and slumps forward some more, letting his head drop to Dean's shoulder. He sighs and cradles his coffee with both hands in his lap.
"But...what about—" Claire cuts herself off, throwing a quick glance to Jack. She looks away, then looks right back, then seems to force herself to look at Cas. "You could give it to Jack."
Dean coughs to smother a laugh and stands up, sweeping a hand out gallantly. "Sure thing. After you, child o'mine for the next hour. We'll educate you yet on the importance of car maintenance."
so, listen, the fingers in his mouth thing? it's a thing, and if you're interested, take a look at this semi-nsfw art that I've reblogged on my tumblr before, but I literally think about it all the time.
Dean thought, a bitter little thing in a passing response, belated but honest, and the rolling ache in his gut had lessened. The moment he followed that thread, thinking about it seriously, so many things got better. Dean just flatout
"Oh. Good to know." Dean clears his throat, sort of sagging forward to lean into his hands. "You know I… Well, I—you know. Me too."
"I love the support we have in this family," Dean says, his tone dirt-dry. He shares a look with Cas, then turns to Jack, clearing his throat. "Alright, kid, I'm gonna need you to scram. Run along for a few minutes, and I swear that we'll come play one of those board games with you."
"Yeah, good luck removing that brand. Dean's been looking at you like the furby he wants to cuddle and knows it'd be weird to for as long as I've known him. Doesn't matter if you take all the stuffing out and put it in a cute, little bear. You're still a furby at heart, and that's all there is to it."
Dean wakes up the next morning and caves like a stack of cards in a storm. He opens his eyes, and that's it.
"I saw you," she says quietly. "As we were leaving, I saw you just… I mean, this place clearly means something to you. I'm sorry we fucked it up. I really do want to help you clean up, if you'll let me."
Dean feels his stomach swoop stupidly, a burst of nerves shooting through him. This is the closest they've gotten to talking about any of this so far, just a hint of a question.
"I am doing my best. You make it very difficult, do you understand that? You won't go away. You won't leave me alone. You won't give me space. You won't stop bringing it up."
He forces himself to drag his fingers against the wall and pull his hand back. He's not done. It's not done. He has to finish it.
Resolute in ignoring Dean for the foreseeable future, Castiel does not respond or so much as twitch. His heart is racing, but he uses this to his advantage, closing his eyes and focusing on the disconcertingly heavy
So, Dean puts the flower up in the closet and shakes out his hands, taking a deep breath and slowly exhaling. He jumps on the balls of his feet, bouncing in place, then he wriggles and rolls his shoulders. Okay. Yeah, he's got this. Well, he doesn't, but he's doing it anyway, so fuck it.
Black ooze bleeds from the wall, insidious in its presence, clearly a bad sign. Dean turns back to Cas with a question on his lips, but Cas is still smiling, though it's sadder now.
After a long moment, he manages to work himself up to opening his eyes, to release a shaky exhale, to eventually turn his head and look at Castiel. What greets him is the slightly sheepish—but not at all apologetic—expression on Castiel's face.
"No," Dean cuts in viciously, gritting his teeth when Sam rears back a little. "Don't fucking wait, Sam. You call her. Call her right the fuck now. Tell her if you love her, tell her you want her to stay. You tell her, do you hear me?"
"On the book," Dean points out, like this is an issue Castiel should be fixing. Castiel doesn't even know what the issue is. What, he can't
"No, some other person who's not here right now, who isn't five seconds out from pinning me up against something and having their way with—"
Dean realizes that things are often only as bad as he allows them to be, in regards to this. He could be defensive, or worried, or ashamed, but
Kissing Dean is better than anything Castiel has ever felt, and he's felt very many things, both in abstract and in the literal sense. He can only imagine what touching him intimately, with permission, would be like. He tries it, slipping his hands under Dean's shirt, spreading his fingers out over warm skin. Dean barely seems to care, focused as he is on groaning when Castiel catches his bottom lip between teeth and tugs. Dean jolts slightly, his hips jerking, and then he makes a choked-off sound into Castiel's mouth.
Castiel's ears catch the wordage, the shift. He immediately dismisses it based purely on the paranoia that's haunted him for the last three days. Even still, there is a cautious note of confusion in his tone when he says, "It's...very nice to be loved?"
It feels oddly safe here, for some reason, and he squeezes his eyes shut tighter. "My dad was—he wasn't—"
Dean takes the dive for him, swiveling on the bed and leaning in without a goddamn thought in his head, his breath caught in his chest.
"Did it work?" Cas asks, turning towards him. Dean nods, sucking in a breath of relief. "It blocked her grip on you." They both look at the door when something—Billie—pounds against it. "Dean, she said that wound is killing her. Maybe we can wait her out."
Dean goes, because why not? Cas is at work, so he doesn't have anything else to do. Jack plants himself at the driver side of Baby, dramatically splaying across the door, his eyes imploring. Dean sighs and hands him the keys, which earns him one of those hugs that come out of nowhere. They go and walk two tiny, yipping dogs together. Jack says he gets paid twenty dollars and would be willing to give Dean ten for his assistance, but Dean says no, that's fine, and Jack spends the next hour talking about how much he likes the dogs and how nice Ms. Geraldine is. Dean finds the dogs very annoying, but he refrains from saying so.
Castiel is so open about these things, and Dean almost wishes he wouldn't be. He thinks he's going to get used to it, to the feeling of being looked at as something other than his worst parts. Castiel had told him that he knows how Dean sees himself, that he sees Dean
"Not quite," Cas agrees, sighing. He tilts his head back, lightly clicking his tongue. "The stress of it, though. There are better times, surely."
"I just—" Sam cuts himself off with a harsh inhale. It seems to take him a moment to say what he clearly needs to say. "I'm really glad you're back."
language, really—so that's pretty cute. Just objectively. That Castiel is friends with Sam's girlfriend. Not that—
as Chuck is handled, Dean's going to lose his shit. He's going to bubble over and give Cas the harshest dressing down of his life, and it's going to be satisfying and terrifying in equal measure.
Castiel never touches him inappropriately. He touches Dean as he always has, pre-love confession and all, a pat on his shoulder, a tug on his arm, things such as that. Dean has the feeling that isn't what Castiel wants to do right now, and he can feel heat crawling into his cheeks at how
"You don't have to do that," Dean mumbles, but he reaches out to take the lone flower when the kid holds it out more forcefully.
"What about you?" Dean mumbles, his head feeling heavy and eventually falling back. He inhales sharply when Cas' mouth presses against his throat.
"Shut up," Dean mutters again. He starts sliding his hand around Cas' hip, because he figures he should at least
"Just, if things were—if I was in a better spot, would you go?" Dean mumbles. "If you weren't so worried about me, would you and Eileen...you know?"
"Keep chugging. I'll make you some more while you get up and get dressed. The girls will be here soon, so put a little pep in your step."
to be impossible. It's not exactly comfortable, but Cas is pretty damn good at distracting Dean with his mouth, so.
"I trace your freckles when you're asleep. I imagine they're constellations." Castiel turns his head, looking up at the ceiling with a small smile. "You made me fall in love with humanity. Your love has never been a requirement for mine. I am happy. You make me very happy, Dean. I love you."
"You tried to...make it right," Dean mumbles, his chest panging when he realizes it. She's a good kid. It doesn't help, but he's sorry for her loss anyway.
Cas shuts the door and leans back against it, then takes a small, almost unnoticeable breath. Oh, this should be
Dean hears the couch creak, and he tenses automatically, his shoulders hiking up to land somewhere around his ears. Cas can't touch him right now. They might actually fight. At this particular moment, Dean is so pissed that he can barely see straight. He wants to take Cas and shake him, like maybe if he does it hard enough, some common sense will shake loose and fall out.
That being said, Dean has some kind of desperate hope that maybe, because he's seen this, he can avoid this outcome. He knows the theory about the flow of time, how you can't change the future, how what's going to happen is going to happen regardless. Still, maybe he can figure it out. Maybe this is just some fucked up ploy from Zachariah to push him into saying yes, but Dean won't. God help him, Dean is
Dean snaps, wrenching back from Cas with a huff and snatching the phone up to answer it in a very clipped tone. "Is anyone dead or dying?"
"We'll lose," Dean replies, knowing it. He swivels around behind the chair, releasing a bleak laugh and shaking his head. "I just led us into another trap… All because I—I couldn't hurt Chuck, because I was angry, and because I just needed something to kill, and because that's all I know how to
"You're upset," Dean says quietly, suddenly at the table with him, and Castiel doesn't even spare a thought to what changes they might have gone through. He just—talks.
"You gotta come back soon, Cas." Dean leans in until their noses are almost brushing. He can see Cas' eyes cross a little, trying to keep looking at him. It's awkward and endearing, and Dean's heart clenches in his chest. "Don't stay gone too long."
Waiting is torture. Dean feels like it has been too long, though it may have only been seconds, and he's gripping Sam's stupid, ugly flannel in a tight grasp that borders on too much. He's tense, frozen in place, waiting with a bated breath.
feet. Couldn't touch her with 'em, not even with socks, and she practically went catonic if you touched hers. She wanted a motorcycle, but she never—well. Anyway. Do
trying to come to some kind of solution. Kaia actually took a funny drink—potion?—to try and dream her way into the Empty, to no luck.
"Yes, Dean," Castiel says, leaning into it, leaning as hard as he can. Blunt and truthful. It's the only thing that seems to work. He drops his hand. "Desire and attraction are continuous, constant things for me, in regards to you. You'll have to be more specific when referencing my never dormant desires."
"It's okay, Dean. If it makes you feel any better, my cat was never really in the bag to begin with."
hey. hey, uh, this is the naughty chapter. things get pretty explicit, so i thought id warn for that.
So, sure, he's reached the grumpy stages. There's a cycle to this, too, and it's sort of never-ending. It starts off with being stupidly giddy knowing that Cas
"No," Cas croaks, his whole body tightening around Dean, drawing him in closer, like God himself wouldn't be able to peel him away. Another shudder runs through his body. "No, Dean, don't. Just—just hold me. Please."
All of that lasts maybe thirty seconds before Dean is curling inward even more, nearly fucking gagging on Cas' fingers because he's trying to shout at the same time as he's trying to suck on them with knee-jerk enthusiasm as he comes. The orgasm is pretty fucking groundbreaking, as it turns out, and Cas doesn't spare one drop to make a mess. He waits until Dean is legitimately twitching like a fish out of water before he pulls his mouth and finger free, leaving his other hand in Dean's mouth, loosening his hold and gently guiding Dean back to the bed.
Dean turns away with a jerky motion and ducks out the door before he can start doing something as ridiculous as crying in a goddamn Circle K. Jesus, it's like he's held together by wet duct tape, always in danger of falling apart when the seam starts peeling. He huffs out a harsh breath and opens the door to Baby, tossing in the bag of snacks and sliding into his seat. His head snaps up when the door to the store opens and the kid comes strolling out, one flower in hand.
It rankles in Dean's chest, hot and sharp, a steady pulse that doesn't fade. He tries to push it out when he exhales, but every inhale brings more of it in, like it exists all around him. The broken trust. The lies. Dean feels so fucking
Cas' face falls slack with genuine surprise, stunned, his eyes fluttering on a startled blink. His lips part, and he leans back a little to look at more of Dean, as if he's trying to take in the whole picture of him. His gaze latches onto Dean's as his breath punches out of him, and then quite abruptly, he's got tears in his eyes and a smile weaving across his face.
Dean shakes his head rapidly, leaning into him, his gaze soft and sweet and kinda sad. "No, wait, it's not like that. I just—I want to… I shouldn't have done that. I know I shouldn't have done that. It was fucked up, but it was never about—I wasn't trying to hurt you, Cas. I just wanted you to—to finally snap. I mean, I didn't know it at the time, but I was hoping you'd shove me up against Baby and rock my world a little, if you catch my drift. It was never about Anna. I
A week. Four more days. He can do that. He doesn't think he'll have to, however. Dean's so pent up that Castiel suspects he'll break by tomorrow.
"Obviously," Castiel agrees, because that's a foregone conclusion and Dean continuously pointing it out is beyond ridiculous at this point. He rolls his eyes and sighs. "If you'll excuse me, you're in front of my door."
Castiel's next breath leaves him in a rasp, and he sinks down on the edge of his bed, ducking his head and turning his face into the collar of the coat. He inhales, feeling unreasonably bereft and achy because it doesn't smell like Dean anymore. It smells fresh and clean, like laundry detergent and the slightest hint of other fabrics. Dean must have had it hanging in his closet.
time, they just kiss. Castiel has his head tipped back just so, giving them a very good angle. His hands are resting casually on Dean's thighs as if he owns them, too. Dean thinks maybe, maybe, maybe he could if he asked. Castiel could have
Cas looks like he's about to say more, his mouth opening, but then he narrows his eyes. Slowly, he looks down and tilts his head, almost like whatever he's looking at has intrigued him. Dean follows his gaze and jolts at the sight of soggy fingers—a near-green color and dripping—clenched in what appears to be a firm grip around Cas' ankle.
to just look at him. He's tempted to admit that he's been driving himself crazy ever since Cas left. He's tempted to confess that he's so angry at Cas that he has the urge to hit him, and hold him, and yell at him, and just steal him back from everyone and every goddamn thing that's taken him away, inch-by-inch. He's tempted to offer himself up, however Cas will have him, whatever he wants, as long as he'll take him.
"She said you were making my gay experience terrible, and my heart is very fragile because I am a softie, and she planned to, ah, kick your ass if you did something wrong," Castiel mutters.
lmao cas being like "i wish dean came with a translator" 😭😂 pls now THAT'S relatable. fucker knows every language known to man, and some that aren't, and he straight up can't figure dean tf out sometimes, im cackling. love this for one of my ships.
But that's the thing. It feels like he is, nearly all the time. This pull to Amara is—it terrifies him. He's never wanted anything less in his life, and he can't escape it, no matter how much he tries. It makes him feel dirty. And, the sad thing is, if she wants him...he thinks she might be able to have him. It won't be his choice. He doesn't know how to fix it.
somehow. Dean follows his gaze, stiffening when he sees himself just...looking at them. He saw it, and Dean knows he did, because he knows what that clenched jaw and those blazing eyes mean. Dear god, he's fucking jealous of himself, and Cas
"What does it look like I'm doing?" Dean snaps, wriggling his way out of his jacket. It's only dry because Cas saved his ass mere seconds ago. "He's only in there because of me, so I'm going to go get him. Hey! Sam,
which is the opposite of thrilling. It's disappointing every single time, like this huge build up to something big that never goes anywhere, anticlimactic and frustrating. It feels like he's being jerked around, honestly, being led in circles by mixed signals.
Dean bites out, his anger radiating out for any target near him, nuclear. He can't help it. He just lashes out. "I don't wanna hear about how losing your little girlfriend from college is anything like this. That's bullshit. She didn't
"No, Sam, I'm not," Dean snaps. "I'm not going to go looking. I'm not going to keep an eye out. I don't
and Dean just wants him to fucking stay. He wants to say that he doesn't hate him. Doesn't know how to. Can't. He wants to say that this should be painful and uncomfortable, due to their last conversation and the persistent tension now, but all he feels is at complete ease. He's not happy, no, but he's not
Dean tries his best not to tense up when he feels Cas' knuckle press up behind his balls, and he thinks he manages it, mostly because the sensation is kinda good. His whole body is already hot, and his brain is starting to go slippery again, losing track of whatever alarm he feels when things aren't actively happening to him. He smooths his fingers out over the sheets, focusing on the feeling of Cas' free hand sliding up the middle of his chest, just touching to touch, it seems like.
It baffles him how Jack can be so goddamn much like Cas without ever having actually met him. Every time his eyebrows furrow and his head tilts, Dean feels like he can't breathe. He
Clearly irritated, Dean mutters, "You know, you could be taking this opportunity to try and play footsie, Cas."
anything," Dean cuts in, his words a little sharp. "That's just the life. That's how some hunts go, man. Not—not everyone is lucky enough to have an angel in their back pocket."
Cas glances over at him, looking startled but pleased as well. "You think I'm sensible? I am, of course, but I didn't know you were aware."
"I don't understand," Jack says, his eyebrows crumbling inwards. "If I can't learn in your car, why shouldn't I learn in his truck? Castiel was my—"
Dean mumbles as Cas slips out of the room, disappearing into the hall. He exhales shakily and stares down at what's left of his coffee like it has the answers to the universe. "Oh, fuck, I'm
Castiel needs a shower, meaning he needs clothes. He is still furious, an angry pulse in his temples, and he wants to do the thing that will piss Dean off the most, or at least get him to shut up. He's quite sure that leaning into Dean's mockery will work, and so he leans. He leans
Claire chuckles. "I'll send you a picture when we hang up. My point is—and this is where it really gets bad—if you leave before Dean figures things out, you're never gonna know either. And listen to me, because this is important. If you leave before that, three days after getting back, he will
Dean's having feelings about that, he knows he must be, but it's all coming to his mind slow as honey and just as sticky, hard to make sense of when all of his common sense has been blown to shit.
he wants to snarl, but he can't. Because he can see it right in front of him. The differences in Jack are subtle, but Castiel can see them. It's as if the world is shifting and shaping around his body, an extension of who he is, fitting him inside it—not because he belongs, but because he commands it to.
Castiel stays in his room until dinner, trying to sleep again. That would be a relief from the strain that comes with being awake and reliving the encounter that happened earlier. Does Dean truly expect him to do anything untoward? Castiel will not. Ever.
"Where do you think I got it from?" Cas asks, winking at him, then he shuts his door and trots off to go die for a man who would dare to ask him to.
I don't love you that you're—" He cuts himself off when Castiel flinches. "See? That's all me, man. That's on
The walls bleed black again, and Castiel is deposited back into the room he was snatched from in a far more undignified manner than he left it.
not a goddamn flower—and it's within reach, but oh, surprise! Turns out Eve's got some bones to pick with Cas, probably his in particular. Just rip 'em right out of him, given half the chance, but Dean isn't going to give anyone that. He fights, because of course he does. He gets knocked out,
Cas moves past him, not looking at him. He leads him towards a door right next to an open hallway. Dean pokes his head to the side, glancing down the hallway curiously, immediately coming to the conclusion that it leads to the bathroom and bedrooms. He can
Jack winces in sympathy. "If he wishes to see Claire and Kaia, yes, and I think he will. He'll be in a bad mood. I'm sorry."
"Yeah, but—" Dean pauses to lick his lips, clearing his throat as he averts his eyes. "You only made that choice to save me, because you—because of how you feel. If I hadn't almost died—"
also, like, yes i fully believe cas would actually never leave dean ever for any reason EVER, if he had the option. but hear me out. the angst and pining opportunities that come from it? *chef's kiss*
"No!" Dean blurts out before he can stop himself, then quieter, "No. It's—I don't mind. I know you're just—I know. It's okay."
He doesn't want to examine the part of him—a very large portion—that wants to do exactly that. He has no right. He never did.
They didn't know that he talked to his mom all the time when he was alone, even when she never answered. He would tell her things no one else ever got to hear, that she would never actually know, and he'd make up her answers to represent what he'd want her to say.
Dean," Cas murmurs, his free hand sliding further up Dean's chest. His fingers skate over his jaw, brushing his lips in passing, and Dean opens his mouth, panting for it. "Tell me you know. I
"Just haven't gotten around to washing it yet, that's all," Dean mutters as he sits down, and now Castiel has to break his own rule and stare at Dean, right at him, because that's the most ridiculous thing he has ever heard.
and doing something stupid again. Cas will have every right to kick him right off his stoop, and he might. Hell, he might just slam the door in Dean's face and be done with it.
"They're not absurd," Dean shoots back instantly, then continues, "but yeah, it does. That, and a whole lot less of everything else."
He probably read every book in the goddamn bunker on everything from cosmic beings to deities to interdimensional travel. He thinks he might know more about some of these subjects than even Sam at this point, and all of it was for nothing. The Empty went so long without being known for a reason. It's not accessible, no matter where Dean looked.
acting like that. The only thing I do is ignore any urges that have to do with you, any that could potentially make you uncomfortable, and you continuously push, and push, and
Castiel turns over to stare at Dean from up close, watching the way Dean watches him. "I thought you wanted me to leave. I thought—well, with the way you were acting, I assumed—"
"Time passes differently in Heaven as well, as you know. I can't give you an exact estimate, but it shouldn't be too long. It's important to do this, Dean, for more than just the current occupants in Heaven. It's for the ones who will go in the future, including you and Sam. I want to help make it better for everyone, but for you most of all."
touched him to heal him. Now, he won't even touch him to do that, clearly a decision he's made consciously.
He cannot fathom why it is there, why Dean hasn't washed it, why it's so blatantly presented, almost as if it's an occupant of this room the same way Dean is. Surely Dean likes this jacket and wishes to wear it again, preferably without the bloody handprint on it. This makes absolutely no sense.
Being back in Purgatory makes him think of Benny. He misses that crazy son of a bitch even more when they get where they're going. After a brief spat about whether they should split up or not—Cas wins yet again—they head off. When they're followed, they exchange a look, communicating without even speaking. No matter what they're angry about, Dean appreciates that they can still do that.
They go into town to walk around the local flea market, which isn't something Dean has ever done in his life. It's right up his alley, though. He has a ridiculous amount of fun with it, strolling along with Cas, haggling for shit he doesn't even need, talking to perfect strangers. He buys a new pocket-knife, some alligator-skin boots he'll probably never get the opportunity to wear, and two slices of pie. Cas buys a lava lamp and a weighted blanket that Dean assumes is for him until Cas corrects him and admits that it's for Dean.
the kitchen. He glances up when Dean comes in, then almost immediately turns around and starts rearranging the coffee mugs on the counter. Dean takes a deep, inaudible breath, then slowly and silently lets it out.
He knows it now, because he's suddenly fucking terrified of what happens when Cas pulls away. They can't do this forever, but if they could, Dean knows he'd never murder another soul.
Dean's suddenly no longer amused. His eyes grow a little wide, glazing over again as he starts taking steady steps back towards his door. His throat bobs on yet another dry swallow. "Ah, I—um… Actually, you know, kinda tired. Uh, goodnight."
me to stay, so perhaps I should lead by example. I would really like it if you stayed, actually. In fact, I'll
"Shockingly, it does. Don't ask me. I don't know why my brain is the way it is." Sorine takes another swallow of her beer, sighing after. "Like, okay, Levina and I had plans, right? Before she got sick, I mean. She was gonna be a hotshot actor, and me? Well, I guess I was gonna be the next Taylor Swift. She used to tell me with a voice like mine, I'm hurting the world by not letting people hear it. We had it all planned out. I've got songs written stacked back from years ago. Shit, we even saved money from when we were sixteen, and she wouldn't take a damn dime of it for hospital bills. It was our big dream, and now… Now, the thought of leaving the town she died in is… I don't know. I can't."
Dean wavers for a long moment, turning the jar over in his hands. It's all he's got now, and he doesn't even know what parts of Cas it belonged to. He swallows and opens the jar, lifting his head to look around one more time, to take it in. The field, the windmill, the serenity. Yeah, Cas would like it here.
When he yanks open the door, Dean looks just as wound up as he did the night before, if not more. He's holding a coat, one of his, and he flicks his gaze over Castiel before narrowing his eyes. He shoves the coat at Castiel with a glare.
Cas is on him in a second, his thumb getting out of the way just in time to be replaced by his mouth, and Dean's hand slides up to grip the back of his neck to keep him there. Dean has kissed a lot of people in his life, but Cas was right to say that things like this are different when there's love involved. It alters him, just like Cas said it would.
"Oh, dude, that's a whole different ball game. Wait, you're cool with me talking about people who aren't, ya know, related to you?"
Castiel thinks pleasure is healthy, in that it keeps him from treating Dean intolerantly for something that's not actually his fault. Yes, he is perpetuating the problem, but the problem itself? The blame goes to Castiel for that. If he can just figure out how to manage it, things might be easier. Why Dean feels the need to make it harder, Castiel will never know.
There's almost some kind of irony to this, actually. Not that long ago, Dean was so torn up about Cas not wanting him at all, even willing to offer himself up in whatever way Cas would have him, and
right now. So much so, in fact, that he's probably not going to remember this tomorrow, so what does it matter if he admits it?
"Salt in the wound, Sammy, putting it like that. Thanks," Dean says grimly, lips twisting. He snorts and points the neck of his beer at Sam. "But yeah, you got it in one. That's what he did, basically."
"That's—" Dean's nostrils flare, and he looks away, frustrated and tense and trying to ignore the point that Sam is making. "I know how to handle Dad. I
Claire snorts, then gestures broadly between Dean and Castiel, even towards the direction Sam and Eileen disappeared off to. "Yeah, yeah, we all have our trauma, babe, get in line. But hey, you got plenty of stand-in dads to choose from at the moment, so
"Cas," Dean whispers, and the word seems to get lost along the breeze, not reaching its intended target. He picks up his pace, trying again. "Cas!"
