Castiel swallowed Dean’s gasp of surprise and nipped that delicious bottom lip that had been brought to his attention just a minute ago. He wanted in. He wanted to taste and delve and wanted to be taken in-return. He wanted the scrape of teeth and the invasion of tongue.
After three days of tense, ‘accidental’ meetings, and dancing around each other indecisively in between long stares and exploratory conversation, it was getting to the point that Dean was slowly dissolving into a mess of nerves. The attraction was wrecking him to the point he had even tried to get Sam to teach him meditation. That had failed spectacularly, so Dean had beat the stuffing out of a punching bag instead, which had only served to make him sweaty and tired, but no less desperate.
“Consent pending.” Castiel’s eyelids fluttered, and dark lashes settled to half-cover that damned optical distraction and give Dean some room to think.
The Wayward Sun was restocked, the crew was back on board, and they had the clear for lift-off. Everyone and everything was pretty much set to go, so when Dean pulled his brother aside for some privacy, he did it without guilt and with full confidence that his crew didn’t need him to hover.
Greedily, Castiel’s hands were untucking and unbuttoning Dean’s shirt and finding skin. He needed it, that texture held in reverence and privacy, like everything forbidden to the Host. Castiel dragged his thumbs up the sharp cut of Dean’s hip bones. Each touch was a spark, for the pleasure of having something he had wanted infinitely more than he ever realized.
The music shushed to the level of muted conversation and Dean straightened to turn back towards Castiel.
“Hell, I could imagine it. Six years away from here and I was damn near crazy with homesickness. Your room is how you left it, by the way, though you’ve probably grown out of the old pop culture shit. And the bed too, jeez you’ve grown.” Dean took out a hidden flask from his bottom desk drawer and took a swig. He offered to share, but Sam refused it. Some things didn’t change after all. “So, talk to me.”
Sam sat at Dean’s desk-chair, a bundle of happiness in ridiculously plain white padawan clothes. “I missed this so much, you don’t even know Dean.”
Of course, once those two were seated, the entertainment started and everyone began to wake up for real.
Or at least as controlled as the threat of Dean slitting her throat afforded. No one was really sure.
He waved the objection away. It was far and gone the last thing he wanted to talk about. What he was really interested in was Castiel. “So, I know one of your last messages you said you did pretty well and the Apprentice Tournament, so is this guy, I dunno, he one of the top teachers you could hope to get or…”
It was an illusion they held in stasis right up until the doors to Dean’s quarters slid closed behind them and locked on Dean’s orders. Which one of them made that first move, Dean wasn’t sure, but in seconds they were back to where they had left off in the hangar. Hard against the other, hands feeling everywhere, this time with the loss of clothes to the appreciative groans and growls that accompanied each new revelation of skin.
“Shut it, Ruby.” Dean leveled her with his best glare, to which she only made kissy lips at him for. It was just how Zeltrons were. No one was seriously worried about her flirtations, as Ruby had proven time and again to be more controlled than her brethren.
The mess was big enough for a hundred people, but they all sat at the two tables closest to the serving counter, where Benny was throwing together rations and canned dietary necessities together into something edible enough. They had been out of fresh food for weeks now and everyone was not only looking forward to getting Sam back for a bit, but also loading up the cargo holds with new eats and refreshing the hydroponics bay with seedlings.
Getting clearance for the notorious ship and crew had been a prominent use of his time in the week they had spent preparing for departure. The ship and crew weren’t actually wanted by the law, but they were on the watch list and Coruscant Landing Security had made a huff over it.
At first, Castiel didn’t recognize the words. Galactic Basic was not his first language and translating was the furthest possible skill available to him right that moment when Dean was lustily massaging him where the man’s hands had stopped.
“When Sam comes back, do you think he will be very different?” Madison had all four of her hands clutched together, the many wooden bracelets clicking. The Codru-ji was very fond of Sam and considered herself his personal guardian. She would, considering it had been Sam that convinced their parents to bring her on board when she had nowhere else to go and was on the run from her own government.
Tick. Tick. Tick. Daylight never came.
It was not a smart idea to be out of control around a Jedi, so that’s why Dean had resorted to his last defense. Mechanical work and very loud music.
“You know it’s weird though. He shook your hand.”
Sex had never been that good before. Men, women, near-human, a few compatible aliens. They had all been a learning experience, and pleasant. But this? Castiel was another level entirely. Just seeing the Jedi on his bed earlier, meditating with a dick so hard it leaked precum had been enough to excite Dean again even after being spent. He had never recovered so fast.
Dean felt his skin heat up. There had definitely been something personal between Castiel and Dean. The times he was ever on the receiving end of that kind of piercing look, he usually got laid.
.” Again, his name laden with grit and sex. Castiel could say his name forever.
The clock chimed.
Dean slid his hands up Castiel’s arms and over his shoulders. A thumb stroked the line of his jaw as Castiel held him close with one hand curled around Dean’s bicep. His other hand he placed against Dean’s hip, index finger through one of the belt loops. Just this slight contact, through tight-woven cloth and stretched leather, would have been enough for Castiel.
.” The words were torn from him, forced passed his lips in a snarl that set Dean off.
Dean’s eyes were green and gold, the colors made more prominent by the shrinking of the pupils in the overly bright docking port lights. There were soft wrinkles at the corners of those eyes, which suggested good humor in most human cultures, and a scar across the right eyebrow that wasn’t explained by any of Sam’s stories.
Castiel tapped his shoulder with a rap of one knuckle. “Dean.”
“Not a good thing either.”
He released his hold only to do something else that was against Castiel’s inclinations. One did not look into someone’s eyes out of respect for their personal space, just like one did not touch another for the same reason. But that’s exactly what Castiel did.
As soon as the bay ramp began to lower, Sam was running towards the ship to meet the people that were disembarking. Castiel took a much more casual pace, showing up well after hugs and enthusiastic greetings had been exchanged thrice over.
The best part of the exuberant message from his little brother was that he had convinced his teacher that Dean could smuggle them in. Instead of waiting for Endor Day to finally see Sam, there was only a week to go when Dean docked in Coruscant. And not only was the mission sort of legal, but he was going to be paid for it. Dean counted this is a giant win all around.
His padawan at least had the grace to look properly chastised. “I’m sorry, Master. I can feel him getting closer. I think they’ll enter the atmosphere soon.”
Dean obliged, but not before he could get away from the woman’s smack to his shoulder. Leaving the bridge with the best saunter he could manage, Dean went in search for the rest of his crew.
The floor was a tangled mass of gore and broken bodies. The walls were rusted metal sheets painted in bile and unknown fluids. The air hummed with a drone of a fan, ventilating the room without relieving the humidity or intense smell of rot and excrement.
Sam was unchanged. “Maybe a bit more disciplined and less like a newborn wyrwulf. Sammy’s too stubborn to change much though. Don’t you worry, Mads.”
Then Dean was with him. Hot and messy with the filthy slide of his tongue against Castiel’s. Dean’s hands went from his neck to cup his jaw and pulled him into an angle that satisfied them both.
As art went, Dean’s hand was rough with blaster calluses and scars. Every mark was a story about Dean, and Castiel felt each against his own hand with a particular care to sense them beyond mere touch. He wanted to look down at them, but instead his eyes were caught by the shear amount of freckles across Dean’s skin, like beige stars dotting a milky peach sky. They even splattered across what breadth of collarbone that Dean’s shirt was open enough to reveal.
His little brother had been considering the situation solemnly while Dean had taken his moment to muse. The response he came up with was the last Dean expected. “Are you kidding? You should at least try. I just thought you didn’t like Jedi.”
He gave it serious thought. From the message, Dean couldn’t tell a difference in Sam’s personality at all, only that he had aged into a young man physically. The total number of messages though, in the five years that Sam had been away at the Jedi Temple, were too small a number to really judge any change.
Regardless, the tech was a luxury affordable only to the one-percent of the richest people in the galaxy. The technology was too new and the equipment made from materials too rare. This was all a pipe dream. But then, Charlie and Ash were the best at entertaining the crew with impossible things.
Sam chose that moment to return to them. “Master, I’d like you to meet everyone.”
Even as he noted another thin line of a scar across Captain Winchester’s jawline, Dean’s face began to change. The smile became a bit more closed but was heightened by the blush that bloomed across his cheeks—and it was completely enchanting. It was a rosy pink beneath the freckles that bloomed like space dust in infrared light.
Dean needed a distraction. He crossed the distance to the Jedi and reached for the searching hands to pull them from the Impala. Suddenly, he had both of those bare, smooth hands in his own, and he pulled Castiel around to face him. Then there was barely space for air between them.
Would it be like this for the next twelve days? Dean would consent to it in heartbeat. He would consent to any and every filthy wonderful thing Castiel was willing to do.
But there was Dean’s hand extended to him and with it, was the absolute most ridiculously beautiful smile. Even with every thought completely under control, that smile made Castiel respond by taking hold of the proffered touch. The man was a work of art and he wanted to know more.
Castiel merely tilted his head to the side and gave that intense look of consideration when Dean yelped loud enough to be heard over the music, and then backed into a panel door that hung open, banging his head righteously. Dean was still stumbling around his work area, kicking tools with steel toed boots as he searched for the control com. It was under his discarded vest. “Decibel level fifty.”
He still didn’t understand until Dean withdrew, hands sliding away until their hands together were the only remaining contact. Dean was tugging gently, with a suggestive grin that said much more than words ever would. They were going to go somewhere. Somewhere that they wouldn’t have to stop until they had found bliss.
Tick. Tick. Tick. He worked steadily. Some far-off part of him despaired and loathed what he was doing, but the darkness controlled him. He couldn’t stop. In the nightmare, the darkness showed him how to like the pain he inflicted. At one point, he had fallen for that trap, but this time he wouldn’t give in to the nightmare. The memories. The three years of his life so far away from who he was and who he was supposed to be.
Every muscle was tensed to the point of pain, his nerves shivering, the only bit of focus he was able to maintain was to gaze back into Dean’s lust-darkened stare. When he registered that Dean’s cock was smacking against his stomach from the rhythm, Castiel’s hand found and held it instinctively.
The next round of introductions required Castiel to look away to pay attention. Each greeting was punctuated by members of the crew taking off afterwards to get errands done. However, Castiel’s peripheral attention was wholly focused on the Captain of the Wayward Sun, whose aura held the Jedi Master rapt.
[“I really like Castiel as a teacher. The Council warned me that we might have communication issues, but it hasn’t been a problem. He’s just… very literal. I can’t wait to show you the saber I made. Thank you... for letting me use Mom’s amulet, I know how much it meant to you, but I got something that you might like to hold on to in its place?”] The holo of his brother’s youthful face was silent for a few seconds as the next words were considered and weighed. [“I miss you, Dean. I love you.”]
Castiel brought his knees up against Dean’s back, tilting his lover forward and into his chest. “It would be my pleasure.” He had lost track of the bottle, but when he needed something in his hand, whatever it was tended to find its own way with a little concentration. The errant bottle flew to his palm, cap popped with barely a flick of his thumb.
“Don’t act so surprised.”
Reflexes like lightning, Dean found the lubricant and covered Castiel’s cock with rapturous strokes before taking hold of his base. Dean rose high and guided the tip until it was pressed to Dean’s waiting hole. Just the small touch had Castiel holding Dean as if life depended on it. Dean lowered onto him, taking him in slowly, excruciatingly tender. Their breathing was deliberately slowed, trying to keep things gradual.
Sam spun in the chair, gangly legs kicking the desk on the way past. “Castiel is one of the most exemplary Masters of the Order. The only reason he isn’t on the Council is that he hasn’t been with the Order very long.” The kid stopped his spinning, back to Dean, with his head and neck arched over the short backrest of the seat to look behind him, upside down. “According to his own culture, he’s what’s known as a Seraph. That’s the second to highest ranking official in the Host.”
“I don’t believe ‘Impala’ is a Corellisi word.” Castiel finally took his gaze away to pay more attention to the shiny starcraft. “Sam talks of your devotion to this craft as if it were some sort of symbiotic lifeform.”
Dean’s cum erupted in long ropes that stuck to both of them. Castiel’s hand was covered with it as he worked Dean through the orgasm and watched. Everything, from the arch of Dean’s chest to that delicate blush of climax beneath the incredibly attractive splatter of freckles, was setting off every nerve in Castiel’s body.
“Alright, alright, so what is it you really like about this guy?” Because of his paranoia, this was the first time he had actually met a fully-trained Jedi, and the way the man had looked at and through Dean had been as disconcerting as it had been thrilling. It had felt… what was a more manly word for naughty?
Dean rose to his elbows. “Huh?”
Facilitating the demand, Castiel had the laces of Dean’s pants undone and pulled down faster than even Dean could do himself. That was some impressive Jedi shit right there.
Castiel smiled against the scruff of Dean’s cheek. He stroked Dean harder, longer, breathed into Dean’s ear that one gruff word. “
“Not to… uh, offend or anything—but how long do you plan on staring at me like that?” Then the man made the same gesture his younger brother was prone to, carding his fingers through his hair and resting the hand on the back of his neck.
Dean sat next to Madison, the only person on the crew that was taller than Dean, though she was only average by Codru-Ji standards. She used her lower left off-hand to pour Dean some supplement-filled water as the only acknowledgement of his presence.
Blood in every color known to the galaxy. Screams in every voice of every sentient species that had been put under his ‘care’.
Dean was torn between getting lost in the penetrating attention of the Jedi Master and the hand that Castiel kept against the Impala. Castiel was not wearing his gloves, which after day one the Jedi had on constantly. Dean remembered in scary detail what that bared hand in his own had felt like. He sucked on his bottom lip to bite at it before he decided to keep his eyes focused somewhere neutral. “Yeah, that’s my baby.” Neutral turned out to be Castiel’s chest, which was only adorned in plain tunic made of some sort of soft material that conformed well to the muscles it hid.
Ash waved around his cybernetic arm, wires exposed where the lame-brain had not reattached the plates that should have covered them. “No, I’m serious. We should install a holo-room. Imagine the women! Our own little slice of paradise in the emptiness of space!”
was going to happen. Dean grinned, “Consent given.”
Bobby used his fork to emphasize just how ridiculous the idea was. “We ain’t got the credits to install pleasure rooms you lot are just going to fight over.”
Dean did this.
“Cassie! Long time no talk. When are we going to have that lunch?”
Abruptly, Gabriel stops in front of one of the apartment doors at the end of the long hallway and knocks. Castiel scents subtly at the air, though stops when Gabriel raises an eyebrow at him.
“Has it? Wow, time flies when you’re being successful. Any-old-how, how’s my favorite little brother doing?”
“Well, it wasn’t always caviar and champagne, believe me. Let’s just say there’s a reason I was drawn to your project.”
“Right,” Dean replied. Of course. Somewhere in his anger he’d forgotten . . . but propriety had to be observed. He was probably already in trouble for the way he’d stormed over here. Dean’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment and he cast his eyes to the ground. “You’re right, sir.”
He told Dean when he’d considered him a friend, but he hadn’t told him that that’s when he fell in love with him, too.
“Rebel Alliance, that’s me. Dude, you have some seriously archaic vocabulary. Yes, I am the leader of . . . a pack of rebels, if you will. We’re planning on staging several demonstrations this fall and Gilda thought you might want in.”
“‘Flexible bottom seeks gentle top for a good time’?
First the gifts, now a public dance. Dean was in
, he thought. He reached for the DVD Dean had discarded and placed it in Dean’s hands. “I’d like to watch my present, Dean,” Cas said, then he turned and stripped down to his boxers before climbing into his own bed. Dean watched his progress, licked his lips again, and nodded.
The bag had contained a high-end silicone knot with an inflatable function. Dean could have cried with relief. In fact, he did sob when the toy first breached him, spreading him wide and slaking some of his need. He hadn’t had time to figure out how to inflate the knot yet, but he came that time with something dick-shaped in his ass and that was enough.
“Mom and Dad will hate it.”
Hannah glared. “Did you tell her we haven’t interviewed anyone?”
“Was that for me?”
Cas stirred at that and Dean cursed in his head. He scrubbed a hand down his face to look more alert as Cas rolled over and fixed him with an eerie stare in the low light.
Classes started the following Monday. Dean got up, showered early, and managed to apply an appropriate amount of blockers. He slid on the silky underwear he’d had to buy in order to fit into his new khakis, which hugged the small swell of his ass with soft, fitted cotton. The pants were a little long; he might have to visit Crowley’s son soon to tailor the length. He fastened a hand-crafted black leather belt through the loops of his pants and secured them with the silver buckle. He slipped a soft, peach-colored sweater on where it felt like a cloud against his skin. He’d shaved the hair on his arms and chest, so the fabric didn’t catch on anything underneath. His favorite purchase, hand-tooled black leather loafers, cradled his feet in a way that reminded him of his boots. Finally, he brushed a little product through his hair, parting it on the side. With a deep breath, he turned to look at himself in the mirror.
By the time Dean is declared fully healed, the mark on his arm a mere shadow compared to what it had been just days before, he’s itching to get out and
“Come in!” Gabriel yelled before Cas could say anything. Cas rolled his eyes and shoved him.
“Don’t know what you’re so shocked for,” Bobby grumbled, not looking up. “S’not like you didn’t know this was comin’”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replied, a little shaken. “What are you doing here?”
“Dude, that’s not what’s happening.”
After a moment of searching, his smile softened as his gaze fell on his husband across the room. Dean always cleaned up well (Castiel never could resist him in a suit, as he proved after that fateful New Year’s Eve party years ago), and tonight was no exception. He looked stunning in a deep forest green, velvet tuxedo jacket, accompanied by a dark brass colored bow tie. Castiel had a difficult time keeping his hands off of him in the soft fabric, but he didn’t want to ruin the custom-fit Tom Ford. Dean was busy chatting with bubbly red-haired Charlie from the IT department about some new video game due to be released in the new year. Castiel slid in next to Dean, brushing the back of his hand against Dean’s velvet-clad elbow.
“Whoa, hey, mixed company!” Gabriel declares, mockingly covering Castiel’s ears. “Tender omega ears here.”
“Let me help.”
“Then how do you know if someone is cheating, genius?”
Dean chewed on the inside of his lip. “At first, yeah. I had maybe two after I got off the pill? Once a month, like clockwork. Then they started getting farther apart, and now it’s pretty unpredictable.”
.” Suddenly Castiel had arms full of Dean, surrounded by him, overwhelmed by him, as his former charge grabbed him by the collar and reeled him in for a desperate kiss. Castiel whimpered into it as he sagged into Dean’s arms, clinging tightly as they kissed for the first time since that fateful night long ago. Dean pulled back slightly to lean their foreheads together.
And, huh, he’s reasoning. Must mean his brain is still mostly intact. He’s pretty surprised; Michael had promised he’d leave it as brain soup.
Dean scoffed. “Yeah, sure, fucking
Castiel startles and nearly loses his balance at the voice beside him. A beautiful woman with long brown hair stands just outside the smoke. Castiel readies himself for attack.
“No, I don’t think so.”
“Sorry for, y’know,” he said, and through the haze of two spectacular orgasms, it took Cas a moment to remember what Dean meant. He traced a tear track down Dean’s cheek, and considered it a win that Dean didn’t shy away.
where that stain came from!”
“Dean!” Castiel calls, rushing to him. He pulls Dean up into a sitting position, trying to rouse him with gentle taps to his face. There’s blood on his temple, and Castiel fears the worst. “Oh, Dean, why didn’t you wait for me?”
, not to mention worse for wear. The paint was chipped in several places, as though it had been pelted by bad weather and not repaired. It was badly in need of a wash, and that made Dean question whether or not Castiel had been attending to the inner workings of the car, either. His fingers itched even as he climbed into the back seat, even though it was quite possibly one of the ugliest cars he’d ever seen. He wanted to open up the hood, check her over, make sure everything was in top working condition . . .
“Jeez, Cas, enough with the air quotes!”
“Thank you,” Dean said when they were settled. “For trying to take me to see Charlie. And for staying out here a little longer.”
It turned out that Charlie was a little older than Kevin, closer to Dean’s age of twenty-three, and a computer science nerd working for the local branch of Roman Industries. Her connection to the alpha on Vinehall’s board of directors was what had gotten Kevin permission to use her has a driver. Dean pulled out the list of approved places, and Charlie steered them to a boutique on the main street of the small town near Vinehall.
“I, um . . .” Dean continued when Castiel didn’t reply. “I saw these last night on the balcony, after you left. I thought you probably didn’t want anyone reading them, so I grabbed ‘em.” Cas continued to stare. “Uh, here.”
It had been unexpected, that’s all. Seeing the alpha here, though it shouldn’t have been a surprise. But a Milton! The Miltons were . . . well, he was a really fucking big deal, anyway. Shit, a fucking
Jack trails off and looks so heartbroken that Dean melts. “Hey, kid, none of that’s on you. I, uh . . . I’m glad you’re okay, too.”
Castiel has a handful of Dean’s shirt in his fist and he’s
“You need to steal priceless, dangerous artifacts from the Society of Letters right under the Archmage’s nose?”
Castiel watched the faraway look cross Dean’s face and, despite himself, was intrigued. “You sound like you’re speaking from experience.”
It doesn’t escape his notice that it’s a nest built for exactly
“This is ridiculous! I am not a child, and you are not a Mage! The level of magic you’re bound to encounter, especially in a place as steeped in darkness as Stull Valley!”
“That’s . . . a highly inaccurate description.”
Dean remembered what it was like to be on blockers for so long. At first, he’d been sick every day, but eventually he’d evened out. It had made it difficult to scent others, but with the suppressants and blockers he finally didn’t feel the need to take inventory of every alpha in the area, to log and memorize all of the exits and escape routes. Even now, he was having a difficult time convincing himself that he should do that here, even though he was very clearly an unmated omega in his prime, alone with an unmated alpha. Vinehall, for all of its flaws, allowed omegas to go through their daily lives without fear of being attacked.
Cas came back from work on Christmas Eve to find his entire dorm room decked out in tinsel and Christmas lights. Dean was grinning at him from the middle of the mess, a pair of light-up reindeer antlers perched on his head. Cas couldn’t help but laugh.
They’d managed to settle into a comfortable interview before Gilda started subtly turning the tables.
“Oh?”
Dean shakes his head vehemently. “No,” he says with finality.
“I keep repeating it because apparently it isn’t sinking into that incredibly thick skull of yours.”
“I’d kiss you. You’re so precious, I’d show you . . . show you how you’re meant to be worshipped. Kiss all of your freckles, all over. See how far they go.”
“What do you want, Charlie? I told you I didn’t want to go out with him.”
“Who’s got it?”
“Later, Dean!”
“Hey, man, what happened yesterday was—
“What?” Castiel asks. Dean shakes his head.
Cas blinks like he’s surprised. “And you expect me to not have any information? No details?”
Dean perked up, pulling the door open. The beta looked even more shocked and appalled than he had the last time. He held out another brown bag.
One day, Cas had gotten curious as to what all the fuss was about, so he found one of the videos that Dean had stored in a box under his bed and sat down to watch. Unfortunately, Dean’s class had been cancelled unexpectedly that morning. He walked in to find Cas, fully clothed, sitting on his bed and watching a “pizza man” enthusiastically spanking a “babysitter.” Cas had been mortified at first, until Dean had drawn out of him that he hadn’t ever felt the desire to watch porn and was therefore curious. Dean, whose personal love of all things erotica knew no bounds, had been inspired and set out to help Cas discover what his personal tastes might be.
“That’s adorable,” Ellen drawls, “but it ain’t what I mean.”
“I didn’t want to wake you, but I’ll be leaving soon.”
gorgeous in person. As he approached, Castiel noticed that there were laugh lines crinkling the corners of his eyes and at the corners of his lips, and just a hint of grey hair along his temples, but other than that there was no way this perfect man could be forty-seven. The blue light obscured the true color of his eyes, but his freckles stood out starkly on his skin and Castiel felt the urge to kiss every one of them. He realized too late that he was staring, but Dean just grinned.
But Cas kisses him with power and fury and Dean melts.
“Hello?” he ventured.
, Dean ain’t gonna tell you why. All I know is the answer is in the Book of the Damned—”
“You’re warm,” Cas explained. Dean yelped when Cas’s freezing toes wormed their way up his flannel pajama pants to press against his calves. Cas took a deep drink of the hot chocolate and groaned in a way that made Dean shift in his seat.
Cas chewed on his bottom lip. He had no idea what to say. He’d never had a serious relationship, so he was unsure of what would be best said to make Dean feel better. An awkward moment passed, then Cas reached a tentative hand out toward Dean’s shoulder.
“Hear me out! I don’t want you to violate any confidentiality clauses, or compromise your findings, but . . . look, okay, so Gilda wants to help
Dean sighed, but the real final straw was when he looked back at the last sentence he’d written and found he could barely make out what he’d meant to say through the typos. He shut his laptop with a snap, plunging the bedroom into darkness. He set the computer on his nightstand, then slid down into the covers. Castiel immediately reached over, tugging Dean into his strong arms and placing soft kisses over Dean’s mating scar. The lump that kept threatening to clog Dean’s throat wedged itself there, and he swallowed hard against the pricking feeling in the corners of his eyes. Cas seemed to sense it, though, and pulled him in tightly, back against Cas’s chest, a solid barrier between Dean and the outside world. Cas shoved his nose into Dean’s scent gland, and his steady breathing started to soothe Dean.
With that, the omega turned to leave, but Cas called out, “What is your name?”
. “Uh, yeah. You gotta own mirrors in that mansion you live in, right? You
“There wasn’t any change while you were gone,” she says. “He’s just laying there. Isn’t he an angel? He’s supposed to heal, right?”
“Shit, it’s really coming down out there.”
As Dean’s heat wore on, Castiel became acclimated to his scent. By the third day, Castiel was able to venture into different parts of the house without experiencing rut-like symptoms (early on, Gabriel had mentioned that perhaps he should have kept taking his suppressants, which earned him a steely glare). Charlie and Gabriel had coordinated a complicated lie that excused Dean’s extended absence and put Castiel on the other side of the city (involving Hannah in a way that Castiel had hoped to avoid). In fact, for now the house was quiet in a way that felt very much like the calm before the storm.
Dean grunts in response.
“Can I see you?” Castiel asks. Dean nods. “Do I need to win another hand?” Dean grins.
“I don’t stomp. And I hardly want them to spill
Sam stops in the doorway. “Dean, I haven’t even
“No, just the leaders of the foundations. Not the rich assholes, just the people who make the rich assholes look human.” Dean nodded.
Dean’s smile hurts his cheeks, a blush creeping up that he’s really glad no one’s there to witness. “That’s, uh . . . you know, um. Same.”
Castiel rolls his eyes and settles back into his bed, propping
Gabriel had a point. The east coast was far more traditional, and California already recognized many rights for omegas. They’d been allowing omegas to work outside the home and attend mixed-orientation colleges for nearly fifteen years. They’d just recently passed a law allowing omega-parents to maintain custody of children from broken mating relationships. But here, in New England . . .
“I was just thinking the same,” Castiel said. Dean laughed, a light, pleasant sound, before holding out a hand for Castiel to shake.
Except, actually, he knew exactly why: an engraved invitation in a gilded envelope that was still sitting on his bed. The moment he’d gotten it, he had dropped it and fled, as though it could explode at any moment. It was the haze of blind panic that drove him to Cas’s door.
“Bygones, man,” Dean said. “Don’t even mention it. But, uh, maybe we shouldn’t hang out, y’know? I’m, uh . . . I gotta be careful.”
Fuck! Cas leapt to his feet, pacing. Dean was wearing his clothes, he’d been marked with Cas’s scent, and now Hannah was going to take him straight back to the lion’s den. Shit, he needed to find his phone, quickly. He checked his pockets, but they were empty, so he raced to his bedroom to see if he’d left it there. A cursory search didn’t reveal anything, but he couldn’t give up. He needed to call Hannah before it was too late . . .
For some reason, Cas tenses beside him. “What do you mean?”
Now, he wishes he could go back. Take back the time wasted, the days apart, and pulled Dean back into bed with him and pressed kisses all over. A kiss for every freckle, hands buried in his hair, breathless and eager but unhurried.
Dean knew he was in for it when he took the call from Charlie, so he was holding his phone away from his ear in preparation. Still, her shrill voice grated as he waited for her tirade to finish.
Castiel looked around in panic. “Should you be speaking so openly in a public place?” he hissed. Charlie looked around.
Dean stood just inside the door, cheeks pink from the cold, eyes shining bright and particularly green today against the thick mauve scarf he had wrapped around his throat. He was clutching a pair of very familiar notebooks in his gloved hands.
“Dean.”
“Welcome to Vinehall, Dean Winchester,” read the letter inside. “Your first scheduled meeting with your advisor is at 3pm today. Please arrive promptly.”
anything—”
“Holy shit, Cas, what are you doing to me?” Dean muttered against Castiel’s lips when they came up for air.
“Hey, man, anything you want, my treat. We’ll just put it on a tab.”
is on here?”
“It’s the only way, Cas.” He hesitates, then says, “Sam and Bobby, they think you’re my Colette.”
With suppressants beginning to kick in, Castiel prepared for the next day when he would begin recruiting for his project. He took a shower and coated himself in the new products, feeling even more out of sorts as his deep scent of old books and spiced apples gradually disappeared under the pheromone blockers. He’d never been particularly attached to his alpha designation, but he could definitely feel the suppressants starting to change his hormone chemistry, and with his typical scent covered he had to shake off the growing sense of not feeling like himself.
“Dean, I literally have no idea what that means.”
“Three weeks? That’s very quick. I hope you aren’t pushing this too quickly. Suppressants can damage you, you know.”
Kissing Dean is like coming home. A piece of him was missing, and now Castiel is whole for what feels like the first time in his life. Dean’s kisses are gentle, but insistent, one hand planted next to Castiel’s head and the other tracing down his cheek as he presses him into the bed. His tongue teases at Castiel’s, deepening the kiss; it’s not close enough, not nearly close enough . . .
Gabriel regarded him for a moment. “I think . . .” He sighed. “You’ve got one god-damned unsatisfactory bitch of a situation here.”
“I’ll need weekly copies of those, too. Just to make sure you’re not getting up to anything behind closed doors! Your beta companion will have to be present for all interactions as well, obviously.”
“Alpha . . .” Dean murmured again, pulling Cas closer, Cas’s eyes on Dean’s mouth, and finally,
“Thank you, Alpha,” he sighed.
“Uh, yeah, Bobby Singer, here to drop off Dean Winchester? He’s a new—”
“I want you, Cas,” Dean whispers, thrusting down into him, their cocks grinding together in a frustrating rhythm. “Have since forever. Want you so much.”
“Yeah, man, I’m good,” Dean said, standing and wiping his forehead. Kevin looked skeptical, but didn’t say anything. Instead, he handed Dean an envelope.
“Yes, forty-one and still perpetually single!” Balthazar crowed.
“That’s okay, Dean. Is there anything you want to share at all?”
He pushed himself from the sofa and went to his bedroom. He fished through his underwear drawer until he found the ridiculous, tiny silk boxer shorts Balthazar had bought him for Christmas last year claiming the electric blue would bring out his eyes. He slipped out of his pajamas and slid them on, adjusting his rapidly chubbing cock into the pouch in front so it was framed nicely. He looked around the room for the moment, wondering if he should add anything else before his gaze fell on his favorite blue silk tie and the birthday hat from the celebration at work today. Feeling slightly giddy, he looped the tie around his neck and placed the hat on his head at an angle. He quickly headed into the bathroom and adjusted everything until he worried he was taking too long and Dean would lose interest. He turned to the full-length mirror and angled his phone so that the picture would catch all of him but wouldn’t hide any of his features. He took three, until he finally was satisfied with one and sent it before he could stop himself.
“You thinkin’ about fucking me?” Dean murmured. “I’m thinkin’ about it. Your thick alpha cock, bet you’re big, stretching me wide. Filling me up. You’d fill me up so good, get me caught on that big knot. You like that?”
Dean wants to ask, he really does, but he’s too much of a coward. Instead, he lets out an embarrassing sound he’ll deny ever making as Cas kisses the corner of his lip and the eye he can reach with Dean’s back still pressed against him. He knows Cas wants to kiss him for real, to erase the awful things that came out of Dean’s mouth while that asshat had control. But Dean wants to stay like this, with Cas wrapped around him, between him and the rest of the world.
“Yeah, I figured, but better safe than sorry. You know this means you have to stay here.”
But the office was dark, and the door locked. In fact, the entire campus was completely silent. It seemed to Castiel that he had slipped into some sort of alternate world. He unlocked the door and stepped inside. The lights flickered on at his entrance, and it was warm in the empty space. He breathed in deeply, and noticed the air was a little stale. No one had been in today, then. Shrugging, Cas unwrapped himself and draped his damp outerwear over the coat rack by the door. At least if it was going to be this quiet and empty today, he could work on transcription without having to keep his headphones in.
Castiel walks the empty halls of the silent Bunker at night so often now that he’s lost track. He lets his soldier’s nature take over as he patrols, his human charges asleep in their rooms. Sometimes he spends time in the library, working on research or indulging in the outdated mundane reading material left behind by the Men of Letters (he’s grown particularly fond of old
Dean sat down on the bed and tried to clear his thoughts. “Not sure,” he managed. “Last one was way too long . . . longer than it’s supposed to be. The doc said—said suppressants working their way out could make it weird.”
He does. Chuck help him, he does. Cas moves with him like they were made for it, and after, when they’re laying together in the dark again, Dean asks, “Are you happy, Cas?”
“Looks like the whole block is out,” Benny says from the window, where Castiel can just make out his shape with the moonlight filtering through the curtains.
“Can I help you boys with somethin’?” he asked calmly.
“Hmm, I guess you’re right. Okay, well, I’ll scope out houses in the area and let you know.”
Fuck, Dean didn’t have any time to think before he was wrenching open the door to the “lab” where Novak and his assistant did their work. It was empty except for the small, pretty beta typing away at her computer. She looked up in surprise, but Dean snarled at her and she stayed quiet.
“Yes, thank you. I’m fine.”
“Yeah, no shit,” Dean said, his voice rough. “What’s the handbook say about this?”
Sam blushed. “Shut up. You’re one to talk. It’s not like they let just anybody into
Castiel’s mouth went a little dry. It had been a very long time since he’d been intimate with anyone—Balthazar’s comment about being a bachelor notwithstanding, he was far from inexperienced—but he couldn’t quite bring himself to commit to something this . . . impersonal.
“Perhaps. What type of literature do you like to read?”
Castiel wasn’t sure why he was so very concerned. Of course he cared about Dean as a human being, but in all honesty this entire afternoon had been a mistake. He shouldn’t have let Hannah leave, should have just taken Dean back to the school, shouldn’t have given him that change of clothes or skipped his last suppressant shot . . .
Castiel stood and went to his dresser. “I’m afraid my pajamas may not fit you, but I have some boxers that might work,” he said, tossing them to Dean who had moved to undress. Castiel watched the taught muscles of Dean’s back move, a thrill running through him at the thought of getting to rake his nails down that as Dean fucked him into the mattress in the morning, before he dressed himself in his pajamas. Dean slid under the covers, shirtless and wearing Castiel’s boxers, and Castiel watched him settle in like a punch to his solar plexus. Dean blinked at him blithely from beneath his sheets.
was wafting from under the inner office door. It was sharp and thick, like stale, warm beer. It was hard not to gag, and Dean knew that it would be overwhelming when the door opened.
“You ready, baby?” Dean asked. Castiel tamped down the butterflies and nodded. “Gonna need more than that, angel. Enthusiastic consent is sexy.”
Of course, that all brought the memories of Charlie and his first foray into the outside world here, which sharpened the gravity of their trip.
why wasn’t he looking for the source of that scent again?
Of course, he hadn’t counted on the old-school procedures involved.
“Oh,” Cas replies. “Did you drive?”
“You don’t ever have to submit to me,” Castiel breathed. Dean was ensnared, the fingers under his chin reminiscent of Michael, but those deep blue eyes were still soft and familiar. He hardly blinked.
Reluctantly, Dean replaced the scent-blocking body wash and picked up the brand new bottle of the scent-neutral stuff. He sniffed at it, his nose tingling at the unfamiliar . . . blankness of it. The old stuff had been mildly scented, like a beta might be, enough to not only mask his natural scent but give him the cover he needed. This new kind, though . . . it was designed and marketed to people like him. He was expected to use it daily now, for the rest of his life.
A loud groan from the direction of the bedroom pulled Cas from his thoughts with a flare of alpha desire. He dropped his keys and briefcase in the kitchen and rushed down the hallway, loosening his tie along the way.
“I thought you were going to take on Benny and Andrea’s case,” Cas ventured.
Even if he’d never admit that out loud.
“Alpha, fuck me, knot me, give me your knot!” Dean cried, bucking against the toy as he pressed against the wall with his feet, bending himself nearly in half. He pushed the small button on the base of the toy to inflate the knot, then pressed it hard into himself as he ground against it. He came with a shout, thin, clear liquid hitting his chest and chin. His come had gotten thin and watery over the course of the last few days, which meant smaller wet spots, but his slick had become thicker and there were fucking
“Dean, this is the beginning of something wonderful, for your future and mine,” Michael said. “Don’t throw this away.”
“Nice to meet ya, Cas. I’m Dean.”
“Hello,” she said, smiling brightly at him. “Do you have an appointment?”
He takes deep breaths, trying to slow down his heart, to quiet his mind.
The last leg of their trip passed in near silence. Dean could feel Sam and Bobby’s own anxiety growing as they got closer to the school, even if he couldn’t smell it through their blockers. Dean watched the landscape roll by, trees starting to turn, so different from what he’d grown used to in South Dakota. He tried to take deep breaths. This was all temporary. He’d only be here for a few years, but then . . .
“He cool?” she asked Gabriel. Gabe shot a look at Cas and nodded. “Okay. I mean, a girl’s gotta ask. The one time she meets up with a dude she ends up arrested? Not a great first impression.”
“Thank you,” he said curtly. “I think I’m going to call it an early night. The suppressants are affecting me.”
“Guess I fucked that up for you.”
The weight of the statement settled heavily on the small group of alphas and Dean. A public dance, even here within the confines of Vinehall, was a declaration. Acceptance on Dean’s part meant acceptance of Michael’s courtship.
“Dean, you need to calm down,” Novak said quietly. He glanced over Dean’s shoulder and shook his head, probably at the beta, but Dean wouldn’t look away from the threat in the room. “Whatever’s happened, you’ve gotten worked into a frenzy and if you don’t calm down you may do something you’ll regret.”
“Manners, Castiel,” she chided.
“Did she sign in?”
“It’s a ’67 Chevy Impala, man, you should see her. I keep her
Castiel grabbed Dean’s hand and held him upright as he clearly struggled to breathe.
“Dean?” Castiel asked, but Dean wasn’t responding, puffy lips moving but unable to form words. “Dean?
“Tough shit, Cas, because there’s no way in hell I’m letting you come with me!”
He led the way into a comfortable lounge, complete with a couch and several easy chairs. Dean looked around, then settled himself into one of the chairs across from the door. Cas moved into a chair nearby, where he could look directly at Dean, while Hannah sat beside him and Garth sprawled on the couch.
“Now, Dean might not want to tell me nothin’, but I gotta ask what in the hell the Archmage of Lebanon is doing showing up here looking like he’s been dragged through muddy country by my eldest son,” Ellen says quietly. Castiel blinks at her, considering denying it, but Ellen does not seem easy to fool. If he’d wanted to keep his identity secret, he should have ensured it with a glamor. Dean trusts her, so Castiel must trust her.
Cas’s things were packed quickly, and the vice around his chest loosened the further they drove away from the bungalow. He hoped that Dean, wherever he was right now, was safe and protected from the mess that Castiel had created.
“Regular cycles?”
“Sure thing, Cas,” Dean said, taking the washcloth back to the bathroom. Castiel shifted to a sitting position and started to sort through their clothes. Dean came back and hovered, watching Castiel search. “Look, I um . . .”
“I have to get going,” Castiel said, standing and gathering his clothes, attempting to hide his wince.
Though, it occurred to Castiel, Dean could do this all the time. Not necessarily with grant recipients—he did seem genuinely surprised to see Castiel again—but he probably had a conquest in every town. Did he wine and dine them, too? Was he the latest in a long line?
what their words are being used for, and you don’t have to violate your research?”
“Fine. You got me. A little birdie told me there’s some scent-negative nerd stomping around the Vinehall campus trying to get omegas to spill their dirty little secrets and I thought it sounded like you.”
Dean smiled softly. “I’m glad you didn’t.”
Cas waited for more and when it didn’t come, he prompted, “Anything else?”
A young man with dark hair was bent nearly double over a notebook, scribbling furiously into it. He was dressed nicely, though the quality if his clothing was obviously not the same as the rest of the omegas around him. As Dean approached, he scented the air subtly and was surprised when he didn’t get a whiff of the school-official violet scent. So, not a student, then? Maybe a beta assistant? When he was close enough, Dean cleared his throat lightly, and the man startled, looking up at Dean quickly.
“I already ordered for you,” she said when he sat down. A giant, juicy cheeseburger and a mountain of fries sat in front of him. “I didn’t know what you’d like, but their burgers are the best thing on the menu so sorry if you don’t like them.”
“Samuel, you wound me.” Dean pumped his fist in celebration as the lock he was picking clicked open. “Last chance, beanstalk.”
“I had a change of clothes in the car. A little lemon juice on his scent points and a ton of that awful blocker they make them wear, and he could make it to his room. He’ll have to be careful for a couple of days, but it’s going to be difficult. What did you do?”
“No, it’s polite.”
“Dean, you don’t—”
“I’m here to protect him,” Castiel insists, and knows that it’s true. He may have followed Dean out of an obligation to find out what might be threatening the kingdom, but he’s also always been drawn to him. He wants to keep Dean safe.
Cas raises an eyebrow. In the orange glow from the flames, his eyes are deep pools of midnight blue, and if Dean didn’t know for a fact that mages can’t read minds, he’d be pretty sure that’s exactly what Cas is trying to do. “Seriously, Cas, you don’t like it, you can head back right now. That’s the better choice, anyway.”
“Awesome! You’re the best! I’ll tell Gabe to let Castiel know to contact you!”
Time passed in silence, comfortable. The sky grew more overcast as the afternoon went on, a chill breeze whipping past. Dean wrapped his arms around himself, looking up at the clouds.
“No! They fucking . . . it’s Charlie. They arrested Charlie!”
“Cas!”
“Oh my
Dean was working on a homework assignment on Omega History (an essay on the “evolving role of the omega in the home”) and wasn’t sure he’d heard correctly. “Huh?”
He needed to delete it. Nerves getting the better of him, he swiped his phone from the charger and opened the app. There were a number of profiles displaying as less than two hundred feet from him, but he ignored them to flip through the screens to find a way to deactivate his profile. He’d managed to find the button to edit when his phone flashed with a notification. Someone had messaged him.
“Oh!” Dean quickly moved to let Castiel adjust. Castiel turned so his head was on the pillows near the headboard, and laid flat his stomach on the bed, legs spread enough to let Dean in between them. Dean carefully lifted Castiel’s right leg so his knee was at more of an angle, spreading him open a bit more. “How’s that?” he asked.
“Oh yeah, I know just what magic is capable of,” Dean snaps. He flexes his right hand, the pain still dulled from whatever Cas did to it the night before. He knows that won’t last much longer, the closer they get.
When Cas finally falls for real, for good, for the last time, he suddenly develops a need to
Completely disregarding his current state, he pushed into the common area, where he found Kevin studying at his desk.
“Oh.” Castiel blinked a few times to clear his head. Right, condoms. “I’ll take you.”
, Novak, you understand? So, when I say ‘jump’ you say ‘how fucking high?’ You get me?”
“Listen, I’ve gotta go. Some scholarship lunch thing. Apparently I have to go say thanks to the donors or something.”
He climbs out of the car and shoves his phone in his pocket when a sharp gasp startles him. He makes eye contact with a dark-haired teenage girl who looks vaguely familiar, frozen as she’s exiting the store. She stares at him like a deer caught in the headlights until he says, “What are you looking at?” and she darts off.
“I thought you said I shouldn’t,” Dean said.
“Nice to see you, too. What the fuck happened?”
“Somebody in law enforcement in your neck of the woods owes me a favor. The ginger is off the hook. Her buddy and his mate, though . . .”
Dean squirmed in his chair, teeth on edge for an unimaginable number of reasons, but mostly because of the competing alpha scents around him. He’d been tucked away into a corner of the table, near three other omegas, all of whom were nibbling on their plates of food daintily. Dean had tried to remember all of the etiquette lessons he’d been attempting to absorb all semester, but he still had to ask the omega to his right which was the salad fork.
,’” he scoffs, shaking his head. “Crazy kid.”
Questions whirl through Castiel’s mind as he rushes through throwing his clothes on. He grabs everything he brought with him, even the empty bag from Bobby’s, before throwing himself out of the cabin and into the woods.
The moment Cas found the bundle of nerves, Dean practically screamed, coming hard down Cas’s throat, hole clenching around his fingers. Cas suckled him gently through the aftershocks until Dean’s breathing evened out and his scent mellowed. He released Dean’s softening cock, lapping once at the oversensitive head to make Dean squirm before moving back up to kiss him deeply. Dean’s tongue lapped at Castiel’s, chasing the taste of his own release. Their slick mouths moved together for long moments until Dean came down from his orgasm, his eyes blinking open to focus on Cas.
On Monday at eleven, Castiel went into the lab as usual, hoping to get some paperwork done. His disastrous first interview with Dean had to be documented, and transcribed, even if he wouldn’t be able to use any of it. Transcription was tedious, so Castiel tried to keep up with it as he went rather than letting it all pile up at the end. Hannah was really better at it, but he wasn’t sure that she would be in today, and he wouldn’t force such a futile task on her.
“Holy shit, you were serious!” Dean choked out. Cas narrowed his eyes. “Oh, breaking into the church and getting hammered on communion wine, you’re good with, but you draw the line at cussing?”
The worst, though, was Sarah.
While Gabriel was gone, Castiel continued to focus on his breath. He felt like he could fill his lungs again, sucking in deep lungfuls of sweet, refreshing air. The ballroom had been stifling, despite the chill outdoors. All of the scents were overwhelming, and he’d had to step onto the balcony to clear his head. Hannah had insisted that the fall social would be a perfect research opportunity, so he had gone. He’d planned to spend the entire night in a quiet corner, taking whatever relevant notes he could, then leaving at the earliest opportunity.
Kevin handed him a small, square package. It was simply addressed, “to Dean, from your Alpha.” Dean shivered, but tore open the wrapping.
Dean slammed the door in Kevin’s face and took off, hoping Kevin wouldn’t follow him. He had gotten his friends into enough trouble already. Nothing good would come on Kevin going to confront Novak, too.
“I should never—and you didn’t say . . . I am so sorry, Dean, please, you have to believe me, I never wanted—”
“Oskar was enchanting. Innocent and kind. I loved him, yes, but not . . . not as a parent would. And besides, losing him from my life was the last time I allowed myself to get close to someone in that way. It only leads to pain, Castiel.”
sake that he isn’t being sponsored. I’ve met omegas in that situation before, and it isn’t pretty.”
“I beg to differ. Without you, we wouldn’t have a single interview.” Dean looked at the ground. “Well, we would have one . . .” Cas concluded softly. Dean chuckled again, rueful.
Dean smelled
He knows every freckle, every eyelash, every scar and every blemish on his skin.
“I keep telling Sammy I’m going to take kitchen shears to his hair if he doesn’t make an appointment at the barber’s, but you can see how seriously he takes me. Look at him out there, attempting to turn the Winchester charm onto all of the girls. I told him it doesn’t work properly until he’s turned twenty-one, but he thinks rather highly of himself there, too.” Dean was grinning again. Suddenly there was a hand in front of Castiel’s face. “A dance, my lady?”
I’m sorry
“No, I—I’m not . . .”
It took two days for Cas’s scent to fade enough for Dean to feel safe venturing out of his room. He’d returned to his room in a rush, in unfamiliar clothes, soaked in some strange alpha’s scent; it was no wonder he’d scared poor Kevin half to death.
To his credit, Castiel doesn’t seem thrown by the strange interaction. He simply smiles slightly, then gestures for Dean to sit. He probably has to deal with all kinds of weird types, being in publishing after all. Dean will just have to kick it up a notch.
“Hey, Cas.”
“You are the most beautiful creature I’ve ever seen,” Cas whispers, breath ghosting over Dean’s lips. “Even your soul is stunning, Dean.”
Dean stirs behind Castiel, and he knows that whatever they are walking into today, Dean will never know how Castiel feels.
For a heart-stopping second, Cas thought that Dean was going to leave, or at the very least stay on his side of the room. But then, slowly, Dean stood up and walked closer.
“I’m glad you’re with me, Cas,” Dean replies. It isn’t an answer, and it makes Castiel unbelievably sad.
But if anyone knew, if anyone else found out . . . if they moved against Adler . . . Dean could be hurt. An icy fist closed over Castiel’s heart as he imagined the omega—
“And I was just on my way out,” Dean interjects. Sam turns back to face him and they appear to have a brief discussion without words. Castiel moves even closer. As he approaches the table, he can read the embossed text on the spine of the book. He raises an eyebrow at what he sees.
Charlie shakes her head, still keeping her distance. “No, I know what it used to be. I checked it all out when I first got here, remember? This is all new, gotta be pretty recent.”
Gabriel gasped. “You wound me! I’ll have you know that I’m all about helping these days. Just ask your friends whose case I got dismissed. Ask Charlie.”
God, Castiel’s eyes were so earnest and so blue. Dean would have spilled everything to him right then, but the nagging uncomfortable edge to the situation kept him grounded. He shifted slightly, trying to ignore just how potent the apple spice scent of Cas was getting, rubbed his hand across his mouth, and took a deep breath.
The waiter froze with the check and Dean’s card in his hand. Castiel glared, willing his body to melt into the floor and disappear. After a moment, Dean subtly waved the waiter off before turning back to Castiel.
Jack is back in the bunker after spending some time learning to hunt with Jody and the girls in Sioux Falls. According to Sam, it had been overwhelming for Jack to be in the same place as Dean and Cas and not be able to fix them. Dean’s secretly hoping the kid might have a little juice left over, even though Sam told him he’s not allowed to ask.
But, despite the appeal, they would certainly be found. And above all else, Castiel could not let an ill fate befall Dean.
“I don’t think anyone’s following us,” Dean says, sitting on his bedroll and pulling out a couple of pieces of jerky. “Just don’t want to announce where we’re going. Especially not with you here, too.”
On top of that, his scent and Dean’s are swirling around them, mingling and blending into an intoxicating cocktail that goes straight to Castiel’s head. He’s floating by the time Dean pulls back, panting against Castiel’s lips.
He’s mostly asleep when he mutters, “He’ll probably want me to finish high school first.”
“Soak it and put it under the door,” he said hoarsely. She blinked at him, but nodded and did as he said. Cas could feel Gabriel’s gaze on him, but couldn’t bring himself to meet it.
alphas.
Someone laughed as they passed him on their way out onto the balcony, and Cas’s body unlocked. Immediately, he exited as quickly as he could without attracting too much attention. He fled down the steps of the administration building and rushed to his car. It was all he could do the entire time to concentrate on putting one foot in front of the other, deep breaths in and out.
Castiel nodded. “Of course.”
“Oh, so you don’t normally wear leisure suits in appalling colors?”
Cas stumbled past Gabriel and into the entryway, but had no idea what to do next. Gabriel chuckled. “Seriously, Cassie, how much have you had? Should you have driven home?” Cas shook his head.
“If I use anything, it will have all identifying elements removed.”
By the time they’d gotten off the phone, Cas was feeling strange. His whole life, he’d been the only one in his family that had been even slightly concerned with omegas. He’d spent his whole childhood surrounded by alphas and betas, and a few omegas who knew their “place.” He’d never told anyone why he’d decided to go into Omega Studies, and now his brother had gone that route, too.
make it a federal crime to misrepresent your presentation . . .”
house, complete with a three car garage. Gabriel parked them inside it relatively smoothly, grinning at Castiel as he climbed out of the car and moved toward the door.
“Do it, baby,” Dean said, but he was the one who reached behind to line Cas up with his hole. “Fuck me full.”
Not so secluded, then.
Castiel was still sore enough on Monday morning that he briefly considered calling in to work just to avoid Balthazar’s judgmental eye. Any other day of the semester and he might have done it, but the funding committee for his grant was coming in to meet with him and the department chair before the official grant-authorizing ceremony later that week. There was a luncheon that afternoon, and he would have to help guide them around campus, then show them the setup for the project, and finally on Thursday night there would be a ceremony and banquet for the program and its donors. Castiel blushed deeply when he thought of wearing his tuxedo, but he didn’t have much choice. It was a black-tie only event and, unfortunately, he would be expected to attend.
“So, uh . . .” Dean trailed off. “That’s it. I told him okay. He was gonna help, gonna save the garage, put Sammy through school, wouldn’t send us to jail. So now . . . when I’m done, he’s, uh. Well, you know what the fuck ‘promised’ means, right?”
Dean must catch Castiel staring at his lips, because the corner of his mouth ticks up just slightly in the ghost of a smirk.
Upstairs, the Roadhouse is just as empty as it was earlier, and Castiel just catches a glimpse of Bobby and Dean disappearing through a door on the opposite side of the room from the bar. He rushes to follow, then down a hallway into a cramped office. It’s cluttered and feels like the magical signature in the storage room downstairs. It’s clear from the man’s presence that it was Bobby’s magic. It’s an honest, comforting feeling, and Castiel can’t help but trust him.
Dean makes a noise of protest and stomps his foot.
Castiel looked back at the two omegas, trying to recover from his shock. “Oh, of course. Well, if one of you wouldn’t mind waiting, we can only do this one at a time. Perhaps if you could go take care of paperwork with Hannah?”
rolled his eyes at that.
This was it. The last time. And his stupid, broken body wasn’t good enough to do what omegas had been doing since time began.
Dean snaps his computer shut. “All right, give me a minute to get ready.”
It was easy, then, to fade into the background, skirting his way along the edge of the room to slide behind a set of thick red curtains and into a secluded alcove.
a morning person.”
Cas paused in his downward trek to take one of Dean’s pebbled nipples into his mouth, lapping at it and rolling it between his teeth. He bit down hard, and when Dean cried out he pulled back to blow cool air over it, soothing it before he moved to give the other the same treatment. Dean’s hands found their way into Cas’s hair as Cas kissed lower and lower until he got to the small swell of pudge between Dean’s hips.
This was exactly the kind of obsessive behavior Dr. Banes didn’t want him to fall into.
“Or cuss out unsuspecting waiters, yeah. I, uh, I wasn’t in a good . . . I’m sorry, man.”
Dean had a million, but couldn’t quite process the entire speech. “I, uh. I don’t have any money for clothes . . .” he said sheepishly. Crowley waved a hand.
. He pushed it open and walked inside where a perky omega secretary sat ready to greet him.
“She twisted her ankle, I sent my brother for some ice,” Samuel said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I dunno.” There was a long pause. So long Castiel thought Dean had moved away from the door. And then he spoke again.
“Dean?” Castiel asked, turning back to face him.
Dean chews on his bottom lip, guilty despite himself. “I didn’t want to go, Charlie.”
“Are we all set, Mr. Harris?” she asked, though she looked at Dean. Dean nodded, giving himself a moment to acclimate to the air in the room. Mr. Harris was a beta. He didn’t notice the artificially clean smell of scent blockers that permeated the garage’s office. He smiled right back at Marcy.
The waiter returned with a glass of water for Castiel, and Dean ordered a bacon-mushroom appetizer to share. Castiel opened the menu and chuckled at the lack of prices next to anything.
“I’ve called for a progress report.”
Dean chuckled, smoothing Cas’s hair from his face. “That’s the point, Cas,” he said.
“Yeah, baby?”
beginning to recover. Sam has no idea what started the healing process, so Dean sure as fuck doesn’t know, either. Jack swears it wasn’t him, that he’s still as powerless as ever. Dean still wakes up screaming to nightmares, but they’ve abated since he has settled into the nest (yes, goddammit, it’s a fucking
It was far too easy to fall into an almost comfortable silence with Dean. Despite the way they’d parted the other night, something thick and dangerous was growing in between them.
“Mr. Novak?”
Castiel took a deep breath and leaned onto his elbow against the bar. “As ostentatious as ever, Bela.” Bela Talbot, Sandover’s Senior VP of Media and Marketing and self-appointed company party planner, smiled venomously at him from behind her holiday-colored martini.
When Kevin went to see Charlie, Dean hadn’t intended to go anywhere or do anything in particular, but then he was suddenly wrapping up in his cool-weather wear and walking across campus.
Dean took deep, steadying breaths as he shifted on the table. The crinkle of the damn paper cover mixed with the antiseptic smell of the exam room never failed to send him panicking. The doctor was already almost forty-five minutes late, according to his phone, but at least Dean was fully clothed instead of having his ass hanging out of the back of a paper gown. It was always like this at the Omega Specialist’s office; not enough doctors and too many patients waiting to get in. Dean was lucky if his OS saw him in the same hour he’d scheduled an appointment. He’d had whole appointments cancelled because another patient went into labor and his OS was on call.
“You must remember to teach me that trick,” Castiel says. Dean glares at him.
The light disappears in the windows, and Castiel casts a small mage light so they can see to go to bed. Dean leads him there with a look, quelling any protest. He pulls back the covers and slides in, leaving Castiel to do the same. Once they’re settled, Castiel extinguishes the light and lays in the dark watching Dean, who watches him back.
Despair weighs heavy on him as he trudges forward.
Castiel flinched. “It’s nothing,” he said, wincing at his own bold-faced lie.
He closed the app with finality and sighed deeply before setting his phone back on the charger. He might as well keep the app for a few days; Balthazar would likely be on to his next scheme to get Castiel laid by then. That didn’t mean he had to use it. Besides, Balthazar was surely checking in to make sure he still had an active profile from his own.
drown yourself in blockers again. You’re making me want to vomit and you’re across the room. Are there any questions?”
Castiel’s heart raced. “What do you mean?”
“Cas—”
And, damn, does he not want to look too closely at that.
Cas is huddled under a tree nearby, a cloak of his own held over his head against the rain. He must’ve waterproofed it the same way he did Dean’s, because he’s dry enough under it, at least. Still, it’s stupid for Cas to be out in the rain when there’s plenty of space under the tent.
Cas grunted with a mix of moan, it made Dean shiver and pride flood inside his guts, he wanted to hear the angel make that sound again. Cas breaths in deeply, savoring Dean’s heath and rapid heartbeat.
Dean’s heart beating speeds up like horses racing on the tracks because then he found his right hand moving close to Cas’ , his pinky finger reaching the opposite side approaching towards the angel’s.
Dean then walk towards the angel, he heavily put his hands on Cas’ shoulder and it made the angel shudder. He doesn’t know if it’s the touch or the way Dean gripped his shoulder tight.
“let’s just give him time”
So he lets on, they quietly sat there pretending to read ignoring each other.
“seriously Sammy?”
Cas sighs and stuffs the remaining book on his hand to its shelves, his eyes then gaze beside him, seeing Dean leaning against the bookshelf staring at him.
“We are Cas, we’re fucking real”
It made Cas flinched but he did not mind, instead he kept his focus returning the books to its shelves. Not that it requires too much attention, but for now, Cas knew he needed to be distracted.
But Cas stood up, he stood up from his chair leaving Dean alone at the table, but Dean’s eyes followed him yet still his thoughts is filled with emotions and certainty towards the angel, the fluttering of his stomach would give his entire body a calming shock.
his eyes snapped open when Dean’s other hand snaked around his waist under the trench coat, the bookshelves rattled when Dean pushed themselves harder against it.
He felt guilty for doing it, even though it was for Dean’s own good he still felt guilty for teaming up with a witch and demon behind his friend’s back, a sudden clenching force passed through Cas, friends is not the word, and that is why he’s even more petty and guilty lately.
“instead he chose to ignore me, such a freaking childish man” Dean added
“Dean what-“ Cas protested, but immediately cut off when, Dean pushed himself against his angel, closing the gap between their body.
Cas answered, eyes still closed.
Dean Winchester was suddenly taken aback by his own deliberations, all this time he thought it was the guilt and regret that made him feel like he needed Cas’ attention.
“Dude, you beat him up badly, you pointed the blade at him remember?”
“I’m tired of ignoring this feelings Cas, I’m tired of pretending it wasn’t real”
The bitter sour he’s been feeling lately faded as he heard the angel’s soft voice, it’s the first time Cas initiated a conversation to him first, ever since after the fight.
“Yeah, but if he’s just gonna act like a baby about it he might as well just duel me in a fist fight to settle the score”
Dean sat beside him while Sam across from them, Cas pretended not to care, he stayed focus on his book, flipping pages to pages by his left hand while his right hand rests on the table.
But it still bothers Dean, in fact it’s not only that, he also felt a suddenly irritation and a tight grip of knots inside his guts. It was the same feeling he felt when Cas called Sam’s phone the other day but it was Dean who happened to pick up the cell.
“Dean, I already accepted your apology  in fact there’s no need for it really” Cas softly said and draws back from him,
Cas’ eyes close when he felt his hands cups his cheek, the touch of Dean Winchester is nothing like he’d ever felt before, the warmth and the sureness of it all.
Dean pretended to read but inside his mind he’s been dying to confront Cas, but he thought of what Sam said back at the store.
Later on Sam stood up from his chair, he dismissed himself telling them he need to sleep.
“I understand man, I know”
Dean snapped his mind and focused on Cas, he carefully watched the angel returning the books to its shelves.
He smirked and stayed his leafy green eyes to the blue oceanic ones, Dean pulled his angel harder against his chest earning a whimper from the angel.
Cas was cut off when Dean crashed his mouth on the angel’s lips, the longing and satisfying breathe he let out made the angel clutch onto his hunter’s arms. And in one hand Dean guided Cas’ head to tilt to be more accessible, he smirked when he felt his angel kissing him back with desperation and need but eventually Dean pulled back once he heard the angel’s moan.
How could he feel and think of such romantic intake towards the hunter. And so after this mess, Cas already decided to leave the Winchesters behind, no more turning back, no more staring and getting lost into his leafy green eyes.
Dean motioned his brother to go now, while Cas still against him, head buried on Dean’s shoulder.
But Dean’s words are more like begging, longing and eagerness. And Cas’ couldn’t stop but to feel his body pressed against him.
Cas chose not to move, he knew well he could just shove Dean in one hand.
Dean’s jaw clenched and his eyes are more intense than before, it alarmed Cas and so he lightly shove Dean, but Dean wouldn’t budge out and instead Dean slammed the angel against the bookshelves earning a grunt from the angel.
Cas doesn’t really fully ignores Dean, in fact he talks to Dean whenever he needed but there’s something different treatment Cas gives to Sam compares to Dean.
Dean stared at him expecting to see the angel’s deep blue eyes that he’d unknowingly lost sometimes, but Dean was disappointed to see Cas’ head still buried on the book.
Sam scoffs as a reply to his brother, he totally understood Cas’ actions towards Dean but what confuses Sam the most is why does his brother seemed too agitated about Cas’ behavior.
He listened to their discussion while Dean kept his eyes on his book yet every sentences on the pages wouldn’t digest in his mind. For he is too invested on what he’s been feeling, Dean clenched his jaw, he aggressively gritted his teeth just wishing it would make Sam and Cas’ conversation stop.
Both Sam and Dean went for a quick run at the store, leaving the angel behind the bunker. But in all honesty, Dean only wanted to talk to Sam about the angel’s behavior towards him.
Dean vividly remembered the beating he did to him. And his chest tightened from the memory, he almost killed the person that he truly… love.
“Dean, you’re already touching me”
“Dean I—“
“I’m sorry” he whispered to Cas
Dean shuts his eyes and slammed the book against the table, he pinched the bridge of his nose and sighs.
And even though their heads are down on the book, their presence seems to draw each other, no one wants to talk but no on wants to leave either.
“Dean, are you alright?”
Cas narrowed his eyes, Dean’s stare made him uncomfortable for awhile, he couldn’t pinpoint it but he knew there’s something about it.
He doesn’t really quite understand why he felt to make a distance from Dean lately, but all he knew is that, for now he should put a distance because Cas regretted on going behind Dean’s back.
"And... and I need you to come back. I...I love you," Cas sobs, even more tears making their way out of Cas' eyes. It's more passionate than when he said it the first time. The first time he was directing it at both Sam and Dean. But this time, it was for Dean's ears only, which is ironic considering Michael's the one technically hearing them. But this time he is certain. He knows his feelings. There's no denying it, he loves Dean Winchester.
"Think he'll show?" Sam asked his big brother, pacing beside Baby. He turned to look at Dean, who looked more angry than worried.
"You've been Death for an hour," Dean snapped back. She ignored him and opened the book.
"Yeah. Alright, team. I don't want to bring ants to your picnic, but that ain't gonna cut it. Okay, think about it. If the Empty pulled me off the bench, it's 'cause the Winchester charm ain't enough, right? And I did anticipate a little bit of pushback, so I did bring a token of good faith. Voila." And just like that a woman, tied by her mouth and in chains was in the bunker. She looked very confused.
“Cas—Castiel Shurley,” Castiel managed, shaking Mr. Winchester’s hand.
“You wore them,” Dean breathed, his hot, moist breath warming the satin. Castiel shivered as Dean mouthed at his cock through the fabric. “Jesus, turn over, Cas, gotta see . . .”
So, working lungs, working brain, beating heart . . . all of his limbs, if he’s accounting correctly for the areas that hurt the most.
,” Dean moaned, a fresh wave of slick gushing from his hole, intensifying the intoxicating scent in the air. Cas laughed, then swallowed him down to the root.
“Kevin is a remarkable young man. He has an interesting story to tell.”
“Do you need anything? Water, maybe? How are you feeling?”
“Nope. Next question.”
“What do you mean?”
It didn’t help that he was more bitter than usual this time. Dean’s heart and stomach clenched tight at the thought of heading back into the office after the few days of cautious excitement he and Cas had shared just two weeks ago. It seemed almost too soon, if he thought about it, but he’d been officially cleared at his last appointment on Monday, so tomorrow (today), Thursday, they’d be going in again for what would be the final round before the tentative conversations they’d had went from hypothetical to disturbingly concrete.
Bobby looks at Dean with a look so soft it makes Dean squirm. “Gotta be prepared for it.”
,” Castiel moans, knees buckling, before Dean surges up to capture his lips again.
Dinner. With Michael. Following the fiasco that was the fall social, this invitation made Dean’s blood run cold. He hadn’t been thinking, and then ended up in the last possible place he should have been.
They’re both being cautious, now, not playing any risky hands. Castiel’s starting to get more and more nervous with each passing hand. What happens if he loses and ends up naked? What happens if
Dean freezes. “What the hell are you talking about?” he demands.
territory now.”
Castiel watches out of the window as Dean navigates down the long, underground drive and into the bunker’s garage. Sam and Dean climb out of the car, doors screeching, and Castiel follows just a moment behind.
“Hi,” Dean said quietly, his hands clasped in front of him.
He needs to check on Cas. He still isn’t healing properly, even at all. The bruises are still dark on his face, his typically tan skin turning pallid under in the bunker’s artificial light. With the room cold, and no change in him, it’s almost like looking at a body in a funeral home.
“‘Synthetic alpha pheromone,’” he read off the label. He scrambled to turn the tube over to read the instructions. He pulled the knot from his ass and wiped it clean on the sheet before coating it with the gel from the tube.
His presence of late makes Castiel’s insides squirm.
“Are you sure this isn’t violating lawyer-client privilege?”
Gilda pursed her lips and eyed him shrewdly. “No,” she said. “If you don’t mind, I am a bit tired. Could I schedule another interview, if you need more from me?”
“So, what, are we . . .?”
Castiel pursed his lips as his finger hovered over the “reply” button. It wasn’t a good idea, being seen alone with Dean, especially if anyone had seen them at Blue the other night, or, god forbid, going back to his hotel room. But a business dinner . . .
He was distracted the entire day, thinking about the way Dean had sounded moaning out his name. Maybe this had been a fluke? Or was it an escalation of their porn-watching activities? Should Cas stop it, then? Or . . . or maybe . . .
“Dean . . .”
Dean hesitates, and before he can even begin to reply, Sam comes rushing back into the room.
Dean sighs. “I thought I said not to ask questions.”
“Up,” Gabriel said, and while they climbed the stairs together, Castiel held his breath and bit the inside of his cheek so hard he tasted blood. Finally, Gabriel and his assistant—it had to be Charlie, right?—managed to get Cas into his bedroom, pushing him onto the bed and closing the door behind them. He breathed deeply into the sweater he was holding while he heard one of them move around the room, spraying everything with the neutralizer.
“Then, I’ve got one more thing for you, and it’s incredibly important.” She leaned forward, like she had some kind of secret. “After that, go home, and enjoy your heat. I’m talking full-on, newlymated heat sex. You officially have my permission as a medical professional.”
“I didn’t do much.”
Castiel paced again. “Gabriel, I don’t have
Gilda chewed on her lip, taking the card slowly and watching Castiel with curiosity. “Mr. Novak, what makes an alpha such as yourself pursue this kind of work?” Cas was taken aback and eyed her just as curiously.
Energized by the progress, he fired off an email to Naomi to let her know, and pulled up his personal journal. He’d taken to jotting down notes he didn’t want to document in the personal journal to keep it separate when it came to data analysis. Today, he simply put in one sentence:
“I dunno. I think Charlie—our Charlie—set it all up a few years ago . . .”
“You know, that is the final thing to push you right over the edge into the ‘aging queen’ stereotype,” Balthazar hummed.
is your car?” Dean demanded. “Wow, nice pimp-mobile,” he added before he could stop himself. Castiel frowned.
“You’re sitting in my seat,” Dean said haughtily, softening his tone to suit omegas. It was the blue-eyed man’s turn to blink in confusion. His brow pinched together and he tilted his head ever so slightly.
Dean huffs a laugh, that turns into a cough. “Not gonna let you,” he mumbles, reaching for Castiel.
She opened the door as little as possible when she left, but Castiel still held his breath just in case, then waited for Gabriel to spritz the air with more neutralizers for good measure before inhaling again. Gabriel placed the spray bottle next to the bed before sitting and giving Cas a side-eye.
“Oh, yeah,” Dean said, rushing into the bathroom. He returned quickly with a washcloth soaked in warm water.
“Dean, we’re discussing the grant. You don’t have to share anything you don’t want to.”
“How old are you, anyway, kid?”
“And those are Sam and Castiel’s clothes, items that would carry their scent most easily.”
Instinctively, Dean moves to stop Jack from stepping completely into the room, blocking his view of the (frankly, massive) piles of clothes. For some reason, Jack’s eyes go wide and he takes a step back, hands up in front of him, placating.
“And if he doesn’t?”
He looked pale, his freckles standing out in contrast, his long eyelashes dark against his cheeks as he stared at his shoes. He was wearing another lovely sweater, a scarf artfully draped around his elegant throat against the cold. He was beautiful, and overwhelming, and still, even under the blockers, Castiel could smell him. He was worried, anxious, but under all that was, somehow, possibly,
His sense of smell, though . . . Dean’s been itching for a case, for some reason to leave the bunker for longer than a few hours ever since he started walking around again. Sam keeps telling him to rest, recover, that cases, even
“Dean, I—”
Suddenly Cas found his wine goblet very interesting. “Um, thank you,” Cas stammered, and maybe it was the way that Cas seemed so sad, or his lack of confidence, or maybe it was the fucking
“Not much,” Dean said, his voice completely flat. “Feeling pretty normal already.”
The local jail was a small building attached to the courthouse. A few stone steps led up to its entrance, and the doors were flanked by two burly alpha police officers. Dean quickly dropped a few paces behind Castiel, clasped his hands in front of himself, and bowed his head. He’d been working on traditional omega posture and movement in his classes, so he tried to settle into it. Around campus, among mostly only other omegas, emphasis on those things was lax, but here in the open it was better if he could slip into it naturally.
The bungalow assigned to Castiel was well-appointed, though small. It was clean, and thankfully free of the ever-present violet stench that permeated Vinehall and its constituents. The small cluster of cabins was designated for visiting instructors and special guests of the school, so they were meticulously maintained and comfortably furnished. Castiel dumped the armful of his belongings onto the contemporary grey sofa in the living area and investigated his home for the next few months.
It takes just over ten minutes for Castiel to gather what he needs. As long as they don’t venture too far from the Bunker he can tap into his magic to do simple things like hygiene and changes of clothes, so he just packs a small satchel full of herbs and instruments he might need on the journey. He’ll need to hurry if he wants to beat Dean to the gate.
“Yeah, sure,” Dean replies.
“I only have a class that morning, so one should be okay.”
“Dean,” he managed through his dry mouth. An answering whine filtered through the door.
Dean wanted to find whatever fucking alpha had invented fucking
, Dean,
Cas gasped, his orgasm rushing through him like a freight train as he sprayed his chest and Dean’s with hot come. Dean bent down and kissed him again, fist jostling their bodies as he worked Cas through it, and then Dean was groaning, pressing his forehead hard against Cas’s.
He knew exactly who had sent the toy and the pheromones, who had sent the handkerchief, who his supposed "alpha" was, and yet he’d come over and over, screaming for him.
“I can’t talk about it, man,” Dean said. “It’s, uh, kind of a . . . well, it’s a secret.”
“You Benny LaFitte?” asked one. The guy from the kitchen nodded.
“About the virgin thing or the sex toy stash?”
“I’d kneel before you, worship you, take you in my mouth while you whine and moan. I’d follow your slick down to the source, lapping it from you. I bet you taste divine.”
, as Balthazar would put it.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean replied. “But it ain’t like I can say no.”
Castiel chuckled. “Industrial farming. My uncle Zachariah was devastated when I went into environmental sciences instead of ag, but I vowed I wasn’t going to sell my soul to Monsanto.”
scent of sun-soaked leather and sugary honey flooded his senses, making it hard to think, to even
“I thought we just agreed to put it behind us—”
And wouldn’t it just be the icing on the cake if any of this got back to Crowley? Or Adler? Or Michael? Dean’s anxiety started to spike, but even as it did Cas reached across the seat and placed a steadying hand on his wrist.
“Well, what do you say, Cas? Want to finish your drink, or do you think maybe we could head back to my place?”
The sun is setting behind another long stretch of trees when Dean finally decides to stop. He takes Cas into a small copse of closely-grown oak trees where he stretches his traveling cloak out between their trunks. Cas helps him tie it off so that it creates a canopy. Under that, he spreads the bedroll while Cas gathers a few sticks to start a small fire.
“Cas, goddammit, you son of a bitch . . .”
Some mornings, though, Castiel is lucky enough to catch the faint shimmer of emerging gray hairs in Dean’s stubble while Dean sleeps next to him in their bed.
“Can we reheat it?” Cas asked, stirring the cold liquid a little. Dean shrugged.
“More wine, Michael?” Zachariah called. Dean glanced up as a waiter took what had to be Michael’s fifth empty wineglass away and replaced it with a fresh one before Michael could even reply. Michael was flushed, eyes bright in the soft yellow glow of the room. He looked like he could hold his liquor, and with a fast alpha metabolism he probably could, but Dean could see Michael was well on his way to being drunk. Dean shivered.
“Well, be good and don’t you dare leave a mess down there.”
Castiel shook his head. “No, I don’t think so.” Gabriel sighed.
“I was under the impression that you had left earlier,” he says, finally. Rowena quirks an eyebrow.
Dean let out a long moan. “Nnngh, gonna be your first, Cas, gonna be the first omega to get that big knot. Tie me first, baby—fuck!—so close, gonna come on your knot.”
happened.”
“Just like that.”
With Cas distracted, Dean was free to look his fill. In the soft light, Cas was almost ethereal, his messy hair inky black in the low light, his bright blue eyes glowing like they were lit from within. It had been three years since Dean had realized his best friend was beautiful, and it hadn’t gotten any easier since.
. It was a small, sterile place decorated in white plexiglass and shining chrome, but every surface was lit with various shades of blue lighting. He slipped inside and glanced around the small space, but it seemed he’d beat Dean there. Or, maybe Dean wasn’t coming.
“Yeah, eat the fucking steak yourself, you knot-head asshole,” Dean spits at Nick, turning and storming out of restaurant.
“Yup!” Dean answers, his voice strangely muffled in the underground space. Castiel reaches the end of the ladder, turns, and lets out a small gasp.
The apartment is small; there’s a communal living space dominated by an enormous brown sofa and large flat-screen television, a surprisingly roomy kitchen, and a hallway with four doors. Sam explains that there’s only the one bathroom, the door on the immediate left, but then there’s a bedroom each for himself, his big brother Dean, and their beta roommate Benny.
The blood drained from Dean’s face. “Those rich assholes actually show up?” Dean asked, throat dry. Sam shook his head.
“I think . . . Cas and me . . . we wanna start a family.”
Melancholy had fully set in by the time he got back to his apartment, but nothing a hot shower and a good night’s sleep couldn’t fix. As he settled in for bed, he felt a little better, even though he knew he’d still be sore in the morning, it would eventually fade. As for Dean . . .
A few alphas near the refreshment table were eyeing Gilda with interest, so Dean folded her hand into his elbow. She glanced up at him gratefully.
“Sure.”
He focuses his magic onto the single point of Dean’s injury, and mutters a brief thanks to whatever gods are listening that it heals. Dean groans as Castiel wipes the blood away, his other hand still cradling Dean’s face.
Castiel’s throat was dry as he struggled to speak. “Do you—is that what you want?”
“Gabe, it’s Michael. Michael Milton. He’s promised to
“I love you, too.” He paused, then decided to go ahead. “I love you, with or without pups.”
“I—sir, can I help you?” the kid manages to ask. Probably a college student trying to earn some cash for school over the summer. And it’s summer, for sure. Dean is already soaked with sweat inside his leisure suit.
Dean shoes the last bite of his pie into his mouth and says, “Don’t need protecting,” around it.
“Maybe. Depends on what you do next.”
“Yeah, I get it,” Dean spat bitterly. “Self-preservation, right?”
Sure enough, the ugly-ass clocked chimed three and the door opened to let the old yeast smell spill into the outer office. Mr. Adler poked his balding, shiny face around the corner.
____________
One day when Sam and Jack are on a hunt, Dean leans forward and gently takes Castiel’s hand in his own. It’s warm, like Dean’s own skin, but heavy. It’s a shock when Dean realizes this is the first time he’s touched Cas since . . . since it was his hands wrapped around Cas’s throat, choking him.
“No, smart-ass, I totally paid it. On
“Oh.”
, then I dunno how you managed to get valedictorian because you’re a goddamn idiot.”
“We could just go home—” Castiel begins, but—
They end up talking for hours. It’s well after nine in the evening, the shop closing up, when they finally leave, though Cas suggests a walk, and Dean agrees, not wanting the night to end just yet. They walk through the relatively quiet streets, talking closely and laughing. Without realizing where they are going, they end up right outside Dean’s apartment door.
“Fuck, what did that asshole do to you?” he demanded. Castiel shook his head.
She left after that, leaving Castiel alone with his thoughts. He tried to focus on the project, on the setback, but all he could think about was the distress in the hint of Dean’s real scent that he’d caught as the omega fled.
“Don’t make me a liar,” Dean countered.
“I’ll . . . I’ll think about it,” Castiel said.
“I’m meeting someone,” Dean says with a wink. “Hot date.”
“You call twenty years’ worth of research and experimentin’
Cas watched Dean turn and reach for him, his hard cock bobbing obscenely between his hips. Cas stumbled over his feet as his pants got caught up on his shoes, but Dean was too far gone to laugh. By the time he got to Dean, Cas was rock hard and arousal was buzzing thick through his veins. He lowered himself over his omega, kissing Dean’s plush lips, pulling the lower one into his mouth to suck gently. Dean moaned, wrapping his arms around Cas.
Dean rolled his eyes, then winked and switched tactics. “Why, Marcy, I had no idea you were so smitten with the man! You just keep your flirtations out of the work place, young lady.”
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t know why he came here in the first place. It’s going to be difficult to ensure people don’t assume he’s run away. And we can’t . . . He’s doing this for his brother, Gabriel. He made it seem like terrible things would happen if he wasn’t able to fulfill his end of the bargain.”
A week later, nearly two full weeks since Dean woke up, he’s still spending most of his time in his room, or in Cas’s. He’s sitting in bed with his laptop across his knees, surfing through local police scanners, when Sam pokes his head in the door.
“Whoa!”
“Great,” Gabe groans. “What’re we gonna do now?”
“Dean?”
“Yes.”
“Wanna be good for you, Alpha,” Dean mumbled. Now Cas knew it was him who whined.
“Yeah, well, this room’s probably got more dangerous books in it than the entire Society of Letters’ collections combined.”
“Of course,” Castiel says. “I’d like one of the ales, please.”
“All right, you two. Let’s get you set up with medications, and then we’ll give this another shot.” She stood up, and reached out to Dean, enveloping his hand in both of hers. Her touch always set Dean at ease, and the little hint of worry that he hadn’t even noticed threading through his scent faded. “Good vibes, Dean.”
“I said
Noise down the hallway startles Castiel from his vigil. A quick check reveals Sam and Jack still in their rooms, but someone is moving in the kitchen. Cautiously, he makes his way down the hall, sliding his blade into his palm. He’s just outside the door when he hears the tinkling crash of china breaking, followed by a whispered, “
, his brain supplied unhelpfully.
“Gonna—gonna knot you,” Cas panted. Dean nodded frantically against Cas’s shoulder. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean and planted his feet on the bed for better leverage, lifting Dean up onto his knees. He pulled Dean down into every thrust, Dean crying out with each direct hit to his prostate.
“Zach, if you’ll excuse me. I’d like to dance with my omega.”
“Dude, you’re an ethnographer, not a shrink. I’ve been pouring my heart out to you all semester, but I don’t know a damn thing about you. Don’t really think that’s fair.”
,” Castiel whines, thrusting frantically into Dean’s fist.
it went—and that woman I saw, who was she? I don’t think this is over, Dean.”
Cas pulls away to lean up on an elbow and look at Dean’s face. “He was a soldier. Born in fire and battle. He was me when we first met.”
Cas realized he was pacing, but as the clock inched closer to one, he couldn’t help but feel more and more nervous. What if Dean decided not to come? What if he didn’t want to participate? How was he possibly going to be in a room with him for an hour? Hannah and their assigned beta chaperone, a reedy guy named Garth, would be there, too, of course, but still. This would be his first interview, and he was nervous.
“How . . . how much longer . . .?”
“Would you like to come up?” Dean gasps, and Cas nods against Dean’s forehead.
to stop watching so much
“Okay.”
“Here,” Castiel said, handing Dean a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. “We can hang your things to dry. The sweater may be ruined, I fear.”
Castiel was far too old for the hookup culture at this point. Balthazar would have to just get over himself.
“Well,” Dean said, hopping off the exam table. “We should go get you to work—”
“Hey, no worries. Total lesbian here; only beta and omega ladies for me.”
The anger had sprung to the surface so quickly Dean wasn’t even sure where it was from. All he knew was it was simmering painfully in his gut, twisting, wrenching,
“A little stiff,” Castiel said. Dean’s eyes flicked down to his cock, still straining against his underwear, and Castiel rolled his eyes. “My back,” Castiel said.
It didn’t take long for the water to wash over him and the faint hints of leather and honey to intensify in the steam. He watched the water swirl around his feet before reaching for his soap. He squirted a dollop in his palm before he realized that he had grabbed the wrong bottle. The envelope came today. It was time to switch over.
Dean laughed. “Flattery will get you everywhere,” Dean said breathily, sinking in further. “God, you’re perfect.”
He was shaking when he pulled into Gabriel’s driveway. He carefully, deliberately, put the car in park, turned off the engine, and pulled the keys from the ignition. As he climbed the steps to the front door, though, his composure started to slip.
“I wasn’t gonna let them turn me down,” he said.
“That man is an asshole,” Hannah growled as Castiel led them toward their car.
“. . . I might also have lied about her being employed by Roman. She was kind of, uh . . . she hacked the mainframe and had to go undercover.”
Castiel squinted. “Is that a reference?” Gabriel chuckled.
Sincerely,
. Dean’s not sure what it is, because Castiel is also unassuming in a way that just makes him more appealing. There is no alpha swagger in the way he holds himself, or how he extends his hand, palm completely perpendicular to the floor, as though to shake hands with an equal. Dean’s suddenly incredibly grateful he discarded his plan to forgo blockers. The original idea had been to appear as uncouth as possible, and not wearing blockers on a first date would have been pretty outrageous, but as a slight curl of arousal begins in his stomach, he’s thankful that Castiel can’t scent him.
Fuck, he hoped that wasn’t the case today.
Cas held his breath. Surely he’d misheard? Then, there was the slick sound of lube and flesh, and there was no denying it.
“Here,” came a voice from behind, a warm hand on his shoulder. Castiel took the napkin, wrapped around some chips of ice, and pressed it into Hannah’s hands. She lifted her foot to apply it discreetly to her ankle.
Cas nodded, perhaps too vigorously, but he was warring with himself. This couldn’t be real. His suppressants should make this impossible. And the blockers Dean wore should cancel everything out until all he smelled of was violets. He inhaled deeply again, trying not to tip Dean off, but there wasn’t a single hint of anything other than, just . . . Dean.
“Fuck,” he managed to hiss after a few minutes. Cas had relaxed his posture next to him as Dean turned to him with an apologetic smile. “Sorry, Cas. I guess I’m just on edge.”
came unbidden into his head. He tossed the thought away.
Dean wiped his hands on a spare handkerchief, deposited it on the work table by the door, and led the customer back inside. A jingling bell announced their entrance to the
“I’m busy,” Castiel said, sipping from his own mug. “Which is why I told you that I can’t possibly have you stay with me—”
“Just get some sleep,” Dean replies, and then hopes that he can heed his own words.
“You know it is,” Cas replied. “Can we go now?”
“Can’t—no alphas—”
“He’s not . . . I mean . . .”
“Close enough. Jesus, what are we looking at? Some true mate bullshit, or--?”
Adler had never shaken her hand.
“No, no, it’s my fault. Shoulda found a better place to hide.”
“Um, I’m not sure.”
“Can I try?” Dean hesitates, then nods. Castiel pulls his power to his palms, the way he had that night, gathering his strength to press into Dean. That first time, he’d simply touched his shoulder through Dean’s shirt, but it would be more effective through the skin . . .
“It’s good! It’s, uh, really tough, but it’s good!”
“Shit, you’re mixed up with Bradbury? Baby brother mine, when you get yourself in it, you get in deep.”
“You are aware that I am still here, aren’t you?”
Castiel strides across the room in three steps to grab hold of Dean’s shirt, bringing his face in so they’re nose-to-nose. Dean’s tongue darts out to wet his lips, but Castiel is not distracted.
Dean’s heart raced, electricity flashing through his veins. Here, at Vinehall, Cas was declaring his respect for omegas and their personhood. The fire in his eyes was unmistakable, fire that Dean wished he could inspire there.
“Nope, no alphas. Locks from the inside with a deadbolt. Plus, just me and Cassie here with a security system on the outside doors and windows. We’ve got you.”
“Can’t, or won’t?”
Dean runs a trembling finger over Castiel’s bottom lip, smiling slightly. “You’re beautiful, Cas,” he says weakly. Castiel swallows around a lump in his throat.
“What?” Dean asked quietly.
“Michael is bad news, yeah.”
“Dean . . . Dean, I n-need you. I . . . I l-lo—”
Cas fights for a while against the instinct to follow Dean down the hall, to comply with his orders and join them. But since he’s fallen, really become human, the close calls have gotten closer and closer . . . and, anyway, Cas doesn’t want to spend another endless stretch of days trapped in the car with the Winchesters.
“None.”
Castiel tensed. “Hello, Dr. Milton.”
“Uh, yeah it is!”
Zachariah was standing near the front of the room, a glass of champagne in hand, his scent thick with pride. If he’d had wings, they would have been puffed out like his chest. Dean stopped, struggling to get his breathing under control.
social habits. If I didn’t know your history, I’d be completely offended by your manners. Do you really make eye contact with everyone? Ridiculous. And third, do
“Cas,” Dean manages, glancing at Sam. “Uh, hey . . .”
Castiel was spared having to answer the question as Dean slid to the floor and planted himself between Castiel’s knees, hands stroking his inner thighs. Dean licked his lips as he eyed the prominent bulge in Castiel’s pants.
“I appreciate all of the kindness, but I haven’t seen my brother in a long time and he’s invited me to stay, so . . .”
The water ran cold, and Dean sighed, turning off the water and getting out of the shower. He’d mostly worked through these thoughts, but there was a ton riding on this.
So, Dean spoke. He eventually sat in the chair near Hannah’s desk, gesturing emphatically as he told stories of clients, of the cars he’d loathed to let go, and of his own.
“Cas!”
“You have to tell me what you did to save me,” Dean had demanded of Sam before they left.
Castiel nodded, staring into his coffee. Gabriel looked back and forth between Dean and Cas.
“I don’t,” Dean insists. “I know, we’ve been to all the experts, every shaman, witch-doctor, hoo-doo bullshit, and they all got nothin’. My brother, he’s got it, my dad, but me . . . I’m just the freak.”
They were alone on the dance floor now, and Dean could steal glances at the crowd. Sarah, Gilda, and Kevin all wore identical looks of pity, or perhaps sadness. A few omegas looked jealous, others simply bored. The alphas either smiled encouragement at Michael, or had drifted away for their own business.
“Hey, Nick,” Dean says, opening the drink menu and pointing at the bottle he’d picked out ahead of time. “We want that.”
“Thanks, Cas,” he said, taking a mug of coffee.
Dean needed to eat, and probably catch up on his classes, but instead he wrapped himself in an old hoodie and crawled under the covers. He’d never hated being an omega so much as he did right now. He’d left the toy and the pheromones in the heat room, hoping never to see them again.
“Not arguing anymore, Cas,” Dean says sharply, standing and tossing his bag over his shoulder. “Time to move on.”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Nutmeg allergy, huh? Never heard of that.”
Dean picked at the shirt he was wearing. It was beginning to dry and develop a crust. He almost gagged. “Maybe I should shower,” Dean said.
Dean let himself be led down a hallway and into a comfortable back bedroom on the second floor. There was a large, plush bed set up in the middle of a wall, and a large wardrobe next to a small window. It was, ironically, much like the heat rooms back at the school.
“Hey, baby,” Dean croaked. Cas’s eyes flashed.
“I—” Castiel hesitated. “Only one. My brother, Gabriel. We didn’t grow up together, though. I suppose I can relate to your loneliness. I wasn’t isolated, but I was introverted, which can amount to the same thing.”
“I believe I presented my research proposal adequately, Mr. Adler—”
The blood drained from Castiel’s face and he found he couldn’t speak. Sarah looked as though she understood, because she patted his hand gently and left the lab.
Dean jumps at the gravelly voice suddenly nearby, turning to find himself looking into startlingly blue eyes he thought he’d never see again. Castiel looks good, maybe even better than he had during their date. He’s got good color in his skin from the sun, dark hair in disarray, a plain t-shirt stretched across his broad shoulders and thick thighs encased in flattering cotton chinos. Dean swallows against a lump in his throat as Castiel’s sandalwood-and-vanilla cologne wafts toward him.
, a gorgeous, tall, curly-haired beta in one of his Freshman literature classes. She apparently gave Sam a hard time, which made Dean guffaw, laughing harder than he had in a long time. Certainly since he’d been locked away at school.
“I’m sorry. I only wanted to say hello, because the last time I saw you, you were still . . .”
“Like I said, Dean’s had it rough, I’m sure you know. There’s . . . seriously dark things haunting him. He’s got a quest, and men with a quest . . . I knew his father, and he had the same darkness haunting him, too. If Dean thinks things have changed, then I can’t tell him otherwise. Don’t let him leave you, Cas. He might not know it, but he needs you.”
“I think I’d like to kiss you now, Dean.”
“Yes, well, it’s incredibly rare, so of course you have it. The doctors said you had an abnormally strong reaction. We’ll have to be very careful in the future, since once you’ve experienced anaphylaxis, you’re more likely to again. I’ll have to have your assistant let the company leadership know, though they all saw what happened . . .”
“Me, too.”
“Fuck, I wanna scent you again. Jack—he said . . . Well, never mind. That’s not . . . I’m no good, Cas. No good.”
, arching up off the bed.
The first thing he notices is that the light fucking
Dean blinked away tears, then nodded. “Me, too,” he whispered, looking back down at her sleeping form.
When Dr. Banes finally spoke again, her voice was calm and steady. “Whatever happens, Dean, that decision is yours to make. I know how long you guys have been trying for this, and I am here for you no matter what you elect to do. I can give you my medical advice, if you’re ready.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sam says. Castiel brings his hands up to return the hug. Sam’s wrong, but it’s a nice sentiment.
“Shit, Cas, can I see you?” Dean asked, panting a little. Cas nodded against Dean’s forehead, and Dean slowly pulled Cas’s boxers down and off, discarding them across the room. Gently, Dean peeled Cas’s fingers from his cock; Cas hadn’t realized how tight he’d been gripping it until Dean released him. Dean took in the sight of his rock-hard dick, the head purple and leaking, and sighed.
“I really do need to go to work, Dean. My heat leave doesn’t start until you’re
“As well as could be expected. Suppressants are . . . strange, to say the least.”
Dean squeezed his eyes shut. Anxiety had to be oozing from his pores; he wasn’t sure how Michael could stand it. But if that was true, about the heat . . . it made sense, then. His stupid fucking body. The omega in him recognized the powerful alpha, and though, yes, his heat was surely due soon, it shouldn’t be close enough for this alpha to smell. But apparently it was enough to override the sticky-sweet smell of fear.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel rumbles, and Dean can’t help but smile back.
Walking home that night, though, he wondered if he was truly seeking a relationship, or if he just needed to feel human connection again? He pondered the question as he arrived home and changed into comfortable clothes for the night. Sitting on the sofa he opened his phone, pulling up the Grindr app, still open to his messages. While most of them were old, a few had popped up a few hours ago while he was out from men who had been in nearby bars, but as he was looking through them a new one came in. Out of sheer curiosity, he opened it.
Dean’s mouth is still dry. He tries to wet his lips and notices as Cas’s eyes track the quick movement of his tongue. The vanilla musk scent grows thicker in the air as he does so, and suddenly Dean knows exactly what that means. Heat crawls up his cheeks.
“Let me cut to the chase. Are you a good man, Castiel Novak? Are you noble, are you kind? Because I think you are. Finish your research, and leave. You’re on very thin ice.”
We pick up part of the way through the last chapter, after Dean leaves Cas's office.
Dean scoffs. “How d’you think I get your shit from one place to another and I ain’t been robbed yet? I know every smuggler hole from here to Manhattan this side of the river. Stick with me, Cas, I won’t get you lost.”
“Dean, if you’re going to take the Agnes text, you’ll need the primer to go with it,” he says bluntly. “Of course, the only copy we have is here. In the Bunker. Like the Book of the Damned itself.”
After a fitful sleep, they’re loaded up with supplies from Ellen, then given an array of salves and potions from Bobby packed tightly into magically condensed pouches that hang from their swordbelts. Dean has his sword strapped to his hip, but he also makes sure to check his other weapons are secured to his person, too. He lends a sword to Cas to carry while also hoping that any conflicts they find themselves in leave his magic available to use.
“I love you,” he breathed, and Dean tightened his grip on Castiel’s waist.
do you think you’re doing?” Dean’s eyes flew wide. “You can’t be here. You can’t
