And John had been thinking -for a while he had been thinking about the same thing-; the thought surprised him in the least expected moments, could be his morning shower, while feeding Rosie, while he was in the middle of a class, or during a practice, visiting a patient, while in rugby practices, while he was on the tube or when he walked from Tesco back home. He would smile at the thought, a huge grin that illuminated his entire face; most times he would have to school his features, mostly because people would ask him what was funny about a disease, or if he thought a patient needed such a huge smile when he was giving bad news.
“As I said” John took a deep breath “It goes beyond loyalty. I loved Mary, very much, as much as I would love a sister and yes…” John nodded and smiled “I’m willing to help my family as much as I can in any way I can, even if it meant lying to her parents with a sham marriage. We even thought about eloping” John chuckled “but we realised that probably her parents would want to see a marriage certificate. It was all about making a lot of people happy even though we knew we were going to get divorced a year later”
Mary gasped, her mother squealed, Ajay, Mary’s brother stood abruptly from the table and Alex looked at John, hope rising in his chest. John blinked twice and tried to focus; he couldn’t believe what he had just said, he was supposed to go visit Mary’s parents, accept his responsibility, pretend to be with Mary, have the baby and help her move out, that was it. He never planned on marrying her, but now the water was up to his neck…
“My mind works over time. I can tell you where you’ve been just by looking at you. I know you ate Lancashire Hotpot a favourite of yours; you eat it at least twice a week, always made by your mother. I know you changed Rosie’s nappies all afternoon, your mum wouldn’t help because she was distracted by other news, maybe your brother planning an event, maybe him having some problem with alcohol. I know you want to sleep desperately, but you still have a feeding and a nappy change before your own bed time and are calculating how many hours of sleep you can get before Rosie wakes up for her four am feeding” Sherlock rattled.
Greg, Molly, Mike, Bill and Eurus were there to help them. During the week in France, Eurus and John had developed a sort of relationship that had Sherlock quite comfortable with sharing John with his sister. Eurus was interesting, to say the least and John could see so much of Sherlock in her that he enjoyed her witty comments. She had a strange sweetness to her and John loved the way she acted around Rosie.
“She’s four months old, of course she behaved” Sherlock scoffed “And she is fine” He said, more gently when John turned to look at him “I called my mum and she helped me with her for about an hour” He looked down and blushed the cutest shade of cherry red.
Mrs. Hudson practically forced them together for tea one afternoon, but “The Blitz” was a breeze compared to the moment they laid eyes in the other.
“John?” Sherlock put his hand over John’s and John shook his head and started laughing hard “What?” Sherlock frowned and looked at him angrily.
“You very well know what it is, Lord Holmes” Mycroft rolled his eyes at his brother “Hand delivered, as requested, with the mandatory congratulations” Mycroft smiled fondly at his brother “Mummy and Daddy are very proud of you, just as much as I am” He patted Sherlock’s shoulder and Sherlock looked down to the envelope once more, hiding his blush and his bashful smile “Bug called, said she couldn’t reach you, so did Mamie; they are both very proud”
“Doctor” John corrected and let out a soft chuckle “Doctor Watson” He smiled “Nice to meet you too, Mister” He bit his lower lip.
“Before” Sherlock whispered and he bit his lower lip, looking away “He was friends with Victor” Sherlock muttered and John could feel anger flowing like boiling lava in his veins.
“How?” Sherlock asked, but he wasn’t asking what his sister had done to have sex, but how did she knew he had? He needed to keep in mind she wanted to distract him
There is a lesson to be learnt. To forgive. Not the other but oneself. There will always be a soulless soul, a mateless mate. There will always be just one of us.
The landlady saw his expression as well. "Do you want to say something, my dear?" she asked as she was already standing in the hallway.
"And yet you are. Do you guess why this is so?" he asked quietly and subtly, looking deep into his eyes. Slowly but methodically he started to lose control over his emotions.
"It's all for you," she went to the table, ignoring Sherlock's attention and put down the letters. She looked at John. Satisfaction and a genuine smile did not leave her face. What's more, her smile widened when she saw the glasses in their hands. "He's angry that he had to clean up the mess he made in the morning." She pointed at Sherlock.
"I don't know if I could stand this idealized look at everything and everyone ... You are better suited to catching positives where I would have a problem with it. Besides, it's enough, if you see it and you are satisfied ..."
Everything. A quick run up the stairs and entering the living room without knocking on the door. All of this seemed natural to him. He felt like a rightful inhabitant as if he had waited all his life for this moment. The smile faded from his face, replaced by a faint embarrassment. He would have liked to turn his head, but the sight of Holmes' long and naked legs was too alluring.
"John is back already? I thought it would take him longer." Mrs. Hudson briskly got up from her seat and headed into the kitchen with the intention of making a new portion of hot tea.
"Where is this conversation going to?" he asked, trying to hide his growing irritation. "I'm trying to keep up and make sense of it, but I'm too sober for that." He lifted the empty glass and shook it slightly.
"Good," a small smirk appeared on Holmes's lips, and his eyes flashed with fire. "What about the wound on the rest of the body?"
"Because your arrogance is unbearable, Mycroft! John is a doctor and MY friend. He will not pretend to be your husband just because you have decided so!"
"And get some sleep," John interrupted him. "All right. I'll give it to her on your behalf," he said, smiling warmly. He took the flower from Sherlock's hand. His warm and delicate fingers brushed his hand for a long and long time. He shuddered because his friend's eyes were intense as if he were staring at his soul. He raised a corner of his mouth. "Should I say or give her something else from you?" he asked. He saved the remnants of his cold blood, which was not easy because now Sherlock's smile widened even more.
"I admit that the idea of you proposing this solution to John works fine on my imagination, and in another situation, I might be encouraging you to embarrass yourself, but I cannot let you insult him with such an offer."
"Haa ... harder" Mycroft's voice was like a whimper, which made John unable to resist him. He leaned his legs on the back of the couch and massaged crazy both himself and the other man. The noises in his ears almost made him dizzy. He waited for the impending climax with his eyes closed and with a buzz in his head.
"Actually, I'd like to talk to you." John was surprised at how decisive his voice sounded, given what he had to communicate. He watched Sherlock's eyes fill with relief and a strange joy. He did not have time to look at his older brother's face. His best friend's loud clap forced him to focus all his attention on him.
"Or the people who make these decisions ignore the warning signs," the man's voice seemed a little less tense as if he was also enjoying the flavour. They were silent for a moment, nodding along with the movements of the carriage. "Our decisions matter," he finally said as the horses had made some sharp turns. "Even the most trivial of them. Our choices will affect others ...".
John was a little confused when Mycroft mentioned Sherlock. He didn't think Mycroft would talk about him at such a sensitive moment.
The hotel's back door was right above the narrow canal at the back of the building. When the door closed, Mycroft could only hear the muted sounds of music and conversations. He followed Aaron without a word. Stoner led him to a place only he knew. They walked in total darkness. The walkway was just two feet wide, separating the walls of the buildings from the water at the bottom of the canal. Aaron never looked back, but he seemed relaxed and pleased with himself. He walked briskly with his hands in his pockets. Mycroft could bet he was smiling in this specific way. An unpleasant smell from above the water irritated his nose, and the rough and shabby walls did not make it easier to balance on unstable and wet pavement slabs. They passed the backs of several buildings and finally reached the back door of one of the hotels. Mycroft assumed it was the Savoia & Jolanda hotel, but he wasn't sure if he was right.
. He will become an Internet star again for the next few days. He would like to hide inside the apartment, but the substance from the tube evaporated all the time and the smoke dispersed in the living room. Besides, the bland smell was unbearable. He had to hold on for a few more moments, and then he could go back to his experiment, which still made no sense. Sherlock couldn't focus. Not on investigations, or experiments, or the simplest activities. Even such a trivial thing as eating has been difficult for him lately. All because of one person. John.
"But I would like to dispel the doubts and emotions that you probably have," he said finally. "We both know who you think about all the time and who you want to have by your side."
Mycroft was aware of his looks and sooner or later expected Sherlock to point out his appearance. He even had a prepared reply but he gave it up. Even in his eyes, he looked unusual and if not for the passion with which John tried to make him look like ordinary people, he would have long returned to the apartment. At that moment, in the hotel, he liked that John was so close, so he allowed him to interfere with his looks. He trembled as the doctor pulled off his vest and rolled up his sleeves. He barely controlled himself when he untied his tie and unbuttoned his shirt. He was terrified to find that he would have allowed him more if John had wanted it. He shook his head invisibly. Where did these thoughts come from? Was he really so drunk that he couldn't control his thoughts? He did not want to look like a person who receives biting comments about himself without reaction. The more that it was Sherlock who said that. "Do I look relaxed enough?" He asked. He sat back and crossed his legs in elegant, slow motion. He grabbed a glass of wine, then looked at his brother with a smirk. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John's smile, which he knew did not mean anything good for him.
"Good. We'll eat breakfast and wait for you in the hall," Molly added, in a slightly less cheerful voice, but she wanted to hide it.
"I talked to the manager about changing the room this morning. He offered us this apartment because it has two separate bedrooms," he said, without taking his eyes off the bustle.
When the door to the apartment closed behind the men, she sighed sadly. She was absorbed in thoughts and did not even notice the presence of hotel employees who, instructed by her husband, slowly started to take their luggage to the boat. She did not like this part of the journey, so she went to the bedroom, where she could be alone. She closed the door quietly, sat down on the bed, and reached for the telephone on the table. It was the only thing that stood out in the whole apartment. It was like one of those antique phones she had in her house. She had a weakness for old things, but only for those that worked. Unlike her husband, she didn't bother collecting antiques that had no practical value. She dialed the number and sat on the bed. She didn't wait long. Three bells were enough before she heard the familiar voice of an older but playful man.
"I wasn't surprised when Mr. Holmes said who he asked for help. I knew about his preferences for a long time and I heard who he was considering as his potential partner," she said, looking at John who was left without a word.
"Weird people ..." he interjected with an ironic smirk. He had had enough of these games and no specific answers. He grew serious as the stranger froze in place. He could feel the disapproval of the other man's eyes, even though he could not see them at all.
"Oh, I understand. Unfortunately, new guests have access to the rooms only at nine in the morning. If you wish to wait, I suggest you have a meal in our restaurant. Our chef ..."
Mycroft pulled the door handle. "There is no need today." He doubted that sneaking made any sense. The conversation that lurked somewhere on the horizon must have happened. The surprise effect was not positive in this situation, it could only cause unnecessary tension. In the end, it has been a little over a day since returning from Venice, and it's quite a short time to visit someone without an invitation. Besides, Mycroft also knew he wasn't an awaited and welcomed guest. At least by one person. No. A furtive visit was out of the question. He sighed as he slammed the car door behind him and looked at the building's entrance. The gold number glowed against the black paint. The knocker hung skewed. As usual, he corrected it as he approached the door. He expected them to be open. The door swung open after turning the door handle. It smelled like always. Slightly musty wallpapers. Old wood. The smell of dust and chemicals that have soaked into the walls after so many years. He remembered well when he was worried about Sherlock's health. His passion for chemistry and experimentation often had disastrous effects at home. Fortunately, John was looking after him now. However, this did not bother Mycroft in controlling his brother. He knew every inch of the apartment by heart, and to relax a little before the upcoming confrontation, he focused his mind on imperfections and other details leading upstairs.
Mycroft gave the doctor a quick look. "Sherlock will be calm for a few days. He won't do anything dangerous. Besides, the building can't be more damaged." The biting tone made her stare at him.
John gritted his teeth. "Asshole ..." he muttered loud enough to be heard. "Put it in me," he finally mumbled, feeling the last inch of his body turn red with shame. He closed his eyes and groaned as Sherlock tightened around his cock even more at the words he spoke.
John didn't comment. He only stared darkly at his face and wondered why he enjoyed making bitter comments about his brother so much. Of course, he knew, Sherlock also talked about him, though he doubted Molly knew and could catch the nuances. John slowly started to conclude that Sherlock's behavior had one reason. Maybe he was testing his sexuality? Did he see his friend and brother and he wanted to feel the same? Maybe it awakened feelings that he did not know or avoided until now? When he became convinced that he was not feeling what he should have with the man - which he thought he should feel - he decided to check how things would be with the woman. John could have come to such conclusions easily when he analyzed Sherlock's behavior since they were in Venice.
He didn't have time to answer. He was picked up by Mycroft, who wrapped his arms around him, pulled him to his chest, and seated him in front of him at the foot of the bed. He held it tight and thrust into his hole with much faster thrusts. He could feel the genius's hot chest, grunts, and breaths as he pressed his lips against his left temple. Possession or desperation. Those were the words John could describe Mycroft's behavior. He closed his eyes and let him do what he wanted. It was the first time he had had sex while sitting, and it was a bit strange to him, but Mycroft's strong arms gave him stability, and the angle was perfect because each thrust ended up hitting his prostate. His penis bounced with every movement, and the slaps of his body against other body made vulgar sounds that were filling the room. Mycroft moved faster and faster. The bed was starting to squeak with hard and rhythmic movements, and John knew he would not be able to last long. He reached behind and grasped Mycroft's hair.
"... of course I refused and wanted to leave, but Mycroft started to read me like an open book..." his tone became subtler and warmer.
John focused all his attention on Sherlock but saw Aaron Stoner out of the corner of his eye. He was sitting in one of the armchairs by the fireplace. He was holding a cell phone in his hands and he was smiling under his breath. John was about to look away when he suddenly heard Aaron's voice.
Mycroft cleared his throat because he felt his mouth was terribly dry. "I know you like surprises. I won't take the pleasure of unpacking a present." His voice was a little indistinct, and low. John noticed now that his steps were not the same either. Mycroft walked a lot slower than usual, and although he tried to hide it, the slight, almost invisible imbalance testified that the alcohol they drank that afternoon was starting to affect his body. Actually its amount. Franco Coletti offered them the best and strong wine, which was not a good combination with the hot afternoon heat.
John had no problem avoiding the blow. He ducked and took a step to the side. The owner must have been slightly drunk, because John's surprising dodge staggered him, and he flew forward. He bumped into a passing man who fell on the pavement. He cursed in English, but with an American accent. He stood up immediately and grimaced in anger. He also looked drunk. The restaurant owner wanted to alleviate the situation somehow, but comrades of the American stood behind their friend. Suddenly one man pushed the other. Someone grabbed someone. In an instant, the men started to fight. And others joined them. Some even with a smile. Apparently, they were just looking for opportunities to hit someone in the teeth. The number of fighters increased with each passing moment. Some women started to scream, others pulled children to safety. Plates and glasses flew through the air, and gondoliers stood in their boats and vigorously cheered on the fighters. A humorous accent of the scene was added by a musician who gave up the Italian ballad in favor of a more rhythmic and lively song. He wasn't worried about his uncle, who, even as the owner of the restaurant, was not spared by the crowd, nor his aunt who ran out of the kitchen and shouted at him to help his uncle and break the row.
"Don't you think two days is a bit too little to make someone fall in love, abandon, and then spread your arms again and whisper a confession of love in his ear?"
John looked away at these words. He was slightly embarrassed. The hand he was holding on the counter was beginning to sweat and the pulse was accelerating dangerously. However, he managed to remain calm.
He put the cord in his pocket and the knife still wrapped in the sheath he attached to the belt. He hoped that a short walk would help him relax and gain new strength for the next hours of walking.
"He said you told him about me. For how long have you decided to treat me like your imaginary husband, Mycroft? How long have you used my name to convince others that we're married?" he asked, crossing his legs. He sat down comfortably and finished his tea. Mycroft didn't turn away, just sighed softly. This conversation was inconvenient for him.
He widened his eyes and let out a sigh. This caused an immediate reaction from Sherlock, who started sucking his lips, and after a while, he pushed his tongue in without resistance. John tugged the lapels of his jacket and lost himself in a passionate kiss. At that moment he felt the movement of Mycroft who was standing now behind him, pressing his hard penis against his buttocks while rubbing the front of his trousers with his strong hand.
"John, it's not a very responsible thing to making decisions at this hour and in your state." Mycroft was once again using the perfected tone of the all-knowing genius. "Not to mention, sober thinking is not possible in your case right n...".
A moment later, ladies' man also signaled his readiness. Sherlock nodded, as a sign that he also had to be included in the team. He didn't have time to speak. He wondered all the time how he knew Sebastian Moran. He watched the man, although he did not look at him even for a split second.
The evening began to go amazingly well. Sherlock did not think that it would be possible, but with each passing moment, the atmosphere in the living room was more cozy and romantic. Maybe it was because of the night that slowly enveloped London's streets. Maybe because of the silence between them. Or perhaps it was the fact that they were alone and they spent their time as usual. Sherlock took advantage of the moment, and for a moment he thought that maybe he would try to initiate some intimate conversation with his friend that evening. After all, they had peace, no one disturbed them, and the mood seemed just right. He didn't look away from John, who didn't seem to care about it, nor did he look uncomfortable. He sipped wine and examined the cover of the book that lay on the table next to his armchair.
When I heard footsteps on the stair and I saw the handle turn, I could have cried for the relief, because I had started to doubt and I was so glad I didn’t have to anymore.
Mrs. Hudson comes up after he leaves, armed with her largest tea tray and my favorite biscuits. He must have sent her up as he left.
“Stop. Stop, just stop lying, Mycroft. You… you know where he is, don’t you? You must, you must’ve helped him. Look, I won’t say anything, I swear it, I won’t tell anyone. Let me see him, tell me where he is and I’ll do whatever you want. I’ll spy on him this time, I can tell you anything you want to know, just take me to see him.” I know I sound pathetic, and Sherlock will hate me for this, but I mean it, I would trade anything Mycroft wants to see Sherlock.
It seems people expect it of me, to give the eulogy. With the blog and all. It’s not so far-fetched, I guess. Everyone knew me, knew I was always with him. Most people suspected we were lovers, the papers implied it often enough. Maybe people think it’ll be just like another blog entry, another chapter on my favorite subject. An epilogue to the adventures.
“Sherlock is dead, John. I can list all of the injuries his body sustained if you really care to hear them.” Mycroft pauses and I hear him shift on his feet. “He didn’t suffer. You’re a doctor. You know he wouldn’t have felt pain, he died instantly. John, look at me,” I can’t, I don’t want to, but Mycroft moves in front of me.
I think…I think you wouldn’t like it. You probably hated funerals. I don’t know, you never attended any while I was with you. It hits me again, all the things I don’t know about you. All the blank spaces in my Sherlock files, the little things and the ordinary things I never asked about you. I don’t know anything about your family. Isn’t that strange? I know about Lestrade’s family and Stamford’s and I even met Molly’s brother when he visited her one day. And I know nothing of yours. Maybe Mycroft was enough of the Holmes family to head off any further curiosity. But you never talked about them. I think I guessed your parents were dead and you didn’t like talking about them. Will they come to your funeral? Will I meet a bunch of cousins and aunts and uncles you never mentioned?
When Sherlock finally called, twenty minutes after John arrived; John’s heart jumped in his chest and made for the run. He took a deep breath before answering, trying to be cool and calm, but failing… miserably…
“House in Sussex and the “lordship” that accompanies it” Sherlock blushed “We’ve inherited a few titles too, my father had a lot of siblings, not many cousins though” Sherlock shrugged, Sherlock had inherited his grandfather’s title, Mycroft had inherited uncle Rudi’s and Eurus held Mamie’s “This is me” Sherlock glanced over at John, briefly, his face said it all, he couldn’t believe it.
Three weeks later, after a very intense meeting between their parents, Mary and John’s wedding was planned. It will take place three months after the baby’s birth, January 29th, just because that was the next available date they could find, and mostly because Mary turned 18 a month before the baby arrived. They agreed and helped in every way they could while juggling with school, university and a part time job, John had medical school and a small surgery where he helped with patient charts while Mary finished sixth form and a teller job in a bank. For one, she was glad that people would not be able to notice, much, her pregnancy; having a “Valentine’s Day baby” wasn’t precisely how she wanted to be remembered.
"Callistus" dies in his sleep. His master grants him rest that day, he's seen him sad before, but today he hasn't even eaten. Next morning, his master finds him, he died in his sleep, alone. At 60, his soul finally rests.
!-, even though he was “engaged” to pregnant best friend, Mary Morstan, deceased January 29th; -killed by long-time boyfriend David Thompson, father of Rosamund Mary Watson- same date he met Sherlock and all his one night flings ceased.
“Mary, love, you okay?” He asked the closed door and tried to force it open. With no other answer than silence he started pounding and screaming Mary’s name “Open this door young lady” He shouted “Don’t make me force this door open” He threatened and pounded on the white painted wood again.
"Not in the way I would have liked. He just kidnapped me and blackmailed me" John said smoothly, shaking his arms at the same time. He saw Mycroft choking on wine. It made John raise the corner of his mouth. Meanwhile, Mr. and Mrs. Coletti burst out laughing. Mycroft gave John a look of disbelief and resentment.
"John is the best, and actually the only true friend of Sherlock. They support each other, help each other. They live under one roof despite adversity. He was the obvious choice for me in this situation. I had to choose a person whom I trusted completely" he muttered with his mouth stuck to the glass. He tried not to look at the piercing eyes of the woman, which was quite a difficult task even for him.
At one point, hotel employees started running up and down the stairs. Three of them carried elegant bags made of expensive leather. They were green, so John immediately knew who they belonged to. The fourth hotel employee carried nothing. He was standing in the service room and explaining something to the cleaners sitting there. Only Sherlock knew what they were talking about. But it was not difficult to guess. Stoner's room required general cleaning and the bed disinfected. Aaron followed the employees. He passed them but didn't see John, Sherlock or Molly because he was holding an ice pack to his eye. As usual, his clothes were impeccable, and his indisposition was only revealed by a large red-purple bruise surrounding his left eye, the root of the nose and a piece of skin under his right eye socket. His face was swollen, but that didn't stop him from smiling. He walked calmly to the porter, who was really worried when he saw him. He gave him the key and leaned sideways against the counter, apparently waiting for some documents. He grimaced for a moment as he turned the ice pack over.
John, who has been silent so far, snorted loudly. "Sherlock, where did you read this nonsense? It's not a bullet hole," he said and pointed a finger at the hole in the wall. He stood on tiptoes and lit it with a phone light.
"But those memories..." he smiled. He wanted to cheer her up a little because he noticed that she was a bit depressed. Perhaps it was also caused by pain because she had patches for corns on her feet. "Are you sure you can handle this walk?" he asked, pointing to her flat shoes.
"Oh, no. Of course not ..." John added quickly. He didn't want to complain or anything. He just knew Mycroft. He was as stubborn as Sherlock and it was not easy to convince him of any idea. After all, he was a genius and did not let others impose his choices.
However, the doctor heard the girl's soft voice. He looked at her and focused his attention on the melody for a moment. "I think Santa Lucia," he said, and she nodded. He remembered how he felt the day before when he was completely ignored by his friend. He wanted to spare Molly the same feeling, so he decided to devote some time to her. He knew that if he didn't do it, nobody would. He got up from the table, catching the eyes of both Sherlock and Mycroft. He reached out to Molly and went with her to the dance floor to join the other dancing couples.
"Thank you," John said happily, walking beside Mycroft. For the first time since they arrived in Venice, they had breakfast together not in the apartment, but the elegant hotel restaurant. John was very pleased with this change and was glad that Mycroft changed his attitude a bit, showing him around the hotel.
Usually, he would ignore this remark or he would respond maliciously, but not this time. He didn't want to be sassy to someone he thought was nice to John. He noticed that John was grateful to him whenever he refrained from making comments. He liked it when he looked at him like he does now - with a slight amusement on his face and a glint in his eyes. The fact that his friend's attention was now focused on him made him straighten up even more. He raised a corner of his mouth and stood next to his friend. "I just admire," he said, provoking visible irritation on her face. He watched her slightly bored attitude change into ready for confrontation. She put her hands on her hips, but didn't say a word, just waited for clarification. "I rarely have a chance to meet people who practice archery. Especially those who use English longbow." He saw a change on her face. He also saw the surprise and curiosity in John's eyes. His friend was watching her closely, but it didn't bother her because she was as surprised as he was.
"I made a fool of myself by talking about our first meeting and everything else" he looked up at Francesca, who was sitting smiling and watching the reactions of both men. "Well, it doesn't matter now." He cast a quick glance at Mycroft. "I'm glad you decided to make me aware of it at least now," he added and focused his attention on the woman again. "I'm sorry for all these lies."
"It was me, John!" Mycroft raised his voice for the first time. He caught his attention. John raised his head and looked at him in surprise. He tensed his body like in other stressful situations. "Could you be so kind and explain to me, what sense do you see in having a telephone if you don't carry it with you ?!"
He didn't wait long. He buttoned his waistcoat, grabbed his cane and wool bowler, and quickly left the rented room that had been temporarily assigned to him by the army since his return from Afghanistan. He grimaced as he closed the front door and rubbed his nose. The smells from the street still irritated his nostrils, even though he had been enjoying his return home for over a month now. He limped over to a teenage boy whose voice was heard all over the neighbourhood.
John's figure, his silver hair, and smile. All these advantages attracted Sherlock's eye. It has always been this way, although John did not realize it and did not see how much he was attracting his attention. Sherlock watched his friend's movements with real pleasure. How he swayed and led Molly in the dance. His appearance was much more than pleasing to the eye, which is why the younger brother Holmes did not take his eyes off him. He smiled at the steps he had personally taught John. He knew when he would turn when he would let Molly slip between his arms. He had seen it all before through the eyes of his imagination, and yet the sight of dancing John gave him so much pleasure that he couldn't look away. He did this only after the start of the second song. He turned his head and saw that Mycroft was silent drinking wine and watching John with a similar passion in his eyes.
Russell Square was a charming place. The large garden allowed spending time alone away from the crowds, and a large number of trees and shrubs calmed down even the most exhausted nerves. Mycroft noticed that John visited the park quite often, after serious quarrels with Sherlock, and when he had some free time, to meet old friends. So he concluded that this would be the most appropriate place to 'kidnap' him from the street and at the same time not expose him to sinister glances because the sight of a familiar park would have a calming effect on him. As the black car rolled slowly down the street, Mycroft saw John walking in the opposite direction. The driver knew his employer, so without a word he drove towards him and stopped the car next to the pavement. If John was surprised when he saw the car, he skilfully hid it. He stopped, looked at the black car and got in without a word. The moment the car started to move, the driver pressed the button and the soundproof glass separated him from the two men who were sitting in silence in the back seat of the car.
"We haven't met today, Sherlock. You don't have to use one of your trained roles to talk to me ..." John sighed quietly and put a cup of coffee to his lips. From the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock stare at him and had a strange impression, his lips were the object of his friend's interest. He decided not to think about if he was right and continued to sip coffee, staring at the colorful bottles of expensive drinks standing on the shelf on the other side of the counter.
Hanno is running, his lungs are on fire but he keeps on running. His legs are leading him closer to the shore and he just follows, without a second thought. In the distance, he sees two men, one is the famous Malchus; named after his great...something... grand...something...father, the king. His family name is well known, he is a renowned boat builder and owns the largest shipyard in the merchant harbor; building ships both for commerce and war.
They had to go back to Baker Street for some clothes and Mrs, Hudson locked them in. The message was clear: Talk, or else…
“Been busy. Mind everywhere” John shook his head as he found himself visualising Sherlock once more.
“They might” Mary held him close “After all, I’ve spent here a few nights” She kissed his cheek and held his face in her hands “I know how important James is for you” Her eyes filled with tears and John hugged her, inhaling deeply her violet soap scent. “I’m sorry” She muttered to John’s shoulder and John’s arms tightened around her “I tried to talk to him” She told John’s neck.
I really have no excuses... Just been a little sick and it's hard to keep on writing when all I can do lately is sleep a lot... As soon as I get better I'll finish the story. I might have to stick to prompts for a while, no more long stories, and this one I might have to cut short...
“I guess my mum’s been teaching her more words than we imagined” He smiled at the little baby and brought her close to the rose.
After a heartfelt conversation with his parents, he made them understand that he wasn’t damaged, that he wasn’t a fag, “not the correct vernacular, father”; and that if they wanted for him to go to military school he’ll go more than happy, after all, he hadn’t forgotten he wanted to be a military doctor. In the end, they accepted that their son just had… different… interests and that he had been bullied enough by his peers, misunderstood by his friends, and last, but not least, rejected by his family. His parents understood, in the end, and a bit reluctantly, that all he needed was their support and not their rejection. In the end, Henry Watson, a real Watson, knew he’ll have to make do.
Unlike other children, Sherlock is different, he truly is. The IQ test they had given him when he was five had certified him as a genius with the social skills of a one year old, the next test, at seven, turned even better, he was sent to a special school but his lack of social interest signified a great deal of suffering both for him and his family; the only thing keeping him together, slightly well centred, is Victor, they’d been friends for ever, since they met in special school. Victor has improved Sherlock’s behaviour… mildly… mostly towards him, allowing him to be close.
Titus travels to Rome to study Rhetoric, his father wants him to be a good Rhetor, be part of the public life, just like he is. He's learned geography, music, literature, geometry and mythology; over the next few years of his life, which were already planned, he does as father tells, so he goes to Greece to become a philosopher. Titus excels in all his studies. He's become one of the best
“Are you moving in with him?” Bill asked and leaned on the fridge, Mike handed him the bottle and Bill took a sip.
“Take me home” Sherlock whispered in his ear, low voice, filled with desire that made John shiver. John simply grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the crime scene. Greg looked at them quizzically and John just shook his head. Sherlock looked at Greg and mouthed “Laters” Greg couldn’t help the chuckle and when he saw Anderson, he understood what had happened.
"Time for food," he announces and distracts me with a kiss; before pushing me softly, so I'm forced to stand up. I see him, fighting the next memory. Sometimes is quite hard.
“I can’t” Sherlock tried to articulate… something… the words jumbling in his mind. He took a deep breath and tried again “I can’t keep doing this back and forth… I need to know…” His breath hitched when he felt John’s hand reach for his
Eurus loved John, in a very especial way; she could see Sherlock being sweet, tender, loving, caring and she loved John for loving her bother the way he did. She realised they were both love-struck. She was different when John was around; her ability to manipulate rendered useless when he was near; he wasn’t like the others, her charms didn’t work with him; Eurus knew it was because he was charmed by her brother. She didn’t need Mycroft’s intelligence reports to know John was the best match for Sherlock.
In the late morning, a servant comes to wake his master, he's late for school. The servant tries, but there's nothing to be done. He was lucky to turn 35.
John took his time preparing Sherlock, he did it slowly, knowing how much it might hurt if he wasn’t ready enough; he had experience with that. He shook his head to get rid of the memory and concentrated on his lover, the gorgeous man that trusted him with his life, his body, his soul, and most of all, his heart.
“We missed you too” John parted and signalled to Rosie. Sherlock picked her up and nuzzled her neck and the baby grabbed his curls. She had grown so much in the month or so he hadn’t seen her. Five months old now, Rosie was quite perceptive and recognised Sherlock’s voice grabbed his finger and pointed at him when John said his name.
Eurus was glad that his brother had met someone new and when Mummy had told her all about Rosie and how Sherlock had taken care of her; Eurus knew that his brother was more head over heels than he led on.
The new addiction -John Watson and Rosie Watson- had Mycroft in full alert, fully knowing that his brother could easily turn to drugs if this new experiment of his -having a real, adult relationship with a man that had a daughter, which wasn’t actually his,
“Okay” Sherlock looked down at the baby and she eyed him curiously “I can do this” He looked up and found himself utterly lost for the first time in his life “I hate Molly” He let out a huff and Rosie started crying, he rocked her softly and the baby calmed and Sherlock sighed in relief. “Mummy? You in London?” His voice was small, worried and about to burst into tears, Violet Holmes, being the worried mother she was took a deep breath and tried not to panic.
After Violet left, all Sherlock could do was follow her instructions. As promised; Molly returned by three in the afternoon, what Sherlock wasn’t expecting was Lestrade with her, holding her hand. One glance and Sherlock got all the information he needed.
After their first night, sex became a part of their everyday life, being a quick hand job at the shower in the mornings, a hasty hump on the sofa in the afternoon while Rosie napped, or full on sex whenever the opportunity rose, taking their time to love each other in the way they did. If only life could be just about them in their bubble and the wonderful sex they were having; but life got in the way and they had to make do.
… John’s hand travelled from his neck to his arse and grabbed him, squeezing and massaging and Sherlock could only moan.
"I had just learned how to fish, father taught me. I was standing there, watching the ocean, waiting for father to prepare the fishing gear; when a sudden rush of happiness overcame my every sense. I couldn't concentrate on father's words, I had no idea why I felt that way."
“Hello, John” Sherlock sighed with relief and let him in, leading him to the once pristine living room.
Headache gone, body turned to nothing. Disease? Much better, no longer lingering. JUST SHUT UP! Just shut up and let me leave, or live... which one would be this time?
“I take it he didn’t consent” He made an assumption, since his sister had made one about him. 'The game is on’ he thought bitterly
Months went by and life became sweeter than it had been, now that sex was part of their life; they got a new way to get to know each other. Sherlock was amazed, every single day, by how much he ignored still about John, every single day he got to discover something new about his lover, his boyfriend, his best friend, his flatmate, the student, the future doctor, the father… the man. Sherlock could sit, for endless hours and watch in fascination, how John moved, when he reached for their cups in the morning, how he made breakfast, the way the muscles on his shoulders shifted under his shirt, or how his legs looked under his scrubs. Sherlock also observed the way he talked, the way his lips quirked when he talked about something he liked, or how his lips would give away his anger, disgust, frustration, at something he couldn’t solve or understand, how his eyes illuminated whenever he saw Rosie, or that special smile he had just for her, but Sherlock would find that every day, John had a new gesture, a small twitch, a slight frown… there is always something, something new, exciting and marvellous about John, and yes, Sherlock could watch him, in fascination, for endless hours.
“I need to get my key back” He huffed and looked at John, his expressions changing to one of concern and fear when he saw John’s face.
The weekend flew by and before they knew, John was boarding the 5 am to London with a squirming Rosie in his arms and a teary eyed Sherlock standing in front of him.
But as they say, happiness usually is short lived, especially when you’re seven going on eight, his sense of pride and joy lasted exactly the time it took his father to tell his mother of his choice, she had cried, called him a silly boy, “too young to think properly about what you want, I’m sure by tomorrow you’d have forgotten all about this silly story of you becoming a fighter’s doctor”, she mocked him. John’s little heart broke that day and decided never to share his dreams and hopes with his mother, ever again.
After the first show, and from then on, John sent flowers to his dressing room, he already knew his name, Mike had told him “The one to the right” and he pointed at the brunette “is… something else” Mike chuckled “His name is Sherlock and I met him at the lab in the hospital, he’s been working with the police” That piqued John’s interest even more “He’s a chemist” Mike continued and John half heard what he had to say, too lost in the movements he was making.
Mrs. Hudson was… ecstatic. The night she had met John she had fallen utterly in love with the little girl; with just one glance she loved John and she already loved Sherlock; the boy had done so much for her in such a short time, that she found the idea of having him living with her the most wonderful idea ever. Looking at them as a couple was almost miraculous, their mutual respect and consideration -even though it might be short lived- was something to admire, and the looks of love and pure adoration they shared were delighting.
When he was ready, the news went surprisingly… well… Unlike any other parents; they weren’t shocked, they were actually waiting for their son to come out. Violet and Siger were as perceptive as their children and could read a person from a mile away. They actually hugged and kissed him, congratulated him and gave him the embarrassing “safety first” chat. Mycroft rolled his eyes and just muttered “about bloody time” and patted his back “I’ll always be there for you” He whispered close to Sherlock’s ear and beamed at him before schooling his features to the Minor Government representative -yeah right, Sherlock still snorts at the absurdity of the affirmation- he is.
I mean, I have "friends" -funny little word to describe beings that were there, are there, and will be there for each other for eons- that simply know me. Ever found a stranger and clicked? Instantly? Well... "soul-friends" do that, more often than not, and these "friends" help us find our mates, they help us look for them... or direct us to them, for example, my "friend" M... And yet again, I'm jumping ahead.
“Italian. There’s new place over Northumberland Street” He smirked and John looked at him suspiciously.
“Mrs. Hudson said I could move in as soon as I see fit” Sherlock repeated, he tried his “cold and detached” strategy, to avoid the hurt of rejection, but he couldn’t keep the hope from his eyes.
As soon as Sherlock saw John, his face illuminated; he beamed at John and practically ran to his side, wrapping his arms around him “You’re here” Sherlock hugged John close and John couldn’t help but chuckle and wrap his arms tighter around Sherlock.
Sherlock looked down at John and couldn’t hold the smirk “Yes, but also about securing a place to live in London when I’m done with school”
“There, there” he tried between bursts of laughter “We knew this was coming, sooner or later” he patted Bill’s shoulder “They grow up so fast” He sniffed and continued laughing.
The dancer was so concentrated, it seemed as he only heard the music and nothing else, his dark curls bounced around his face… cheekbones that could cut you if you dared look too close, a long neck that lead to a pale, marblelike chest, sculpted right from the stone… John’s cock was willing to forego the sexual identity crisis John’s brain was about to have and simply jump, hump and fuck that sweet, pert arse senseless…
“I’ll have to bring John first, but I’m sure he’ll love the place” Sherlock took another bite of his cake and watched as Mrs. Hudson pulled another tin of biscuits out of the oven for him.
“Be there in twenty” Sherlock let the breath he’d been holding and carried Rosie to the living room. He sat and took the time before his mother came to truly see the little girl. Her hair was dark blonde, her nose a little button, tiny hands and feet, her lips were thin and her eyelashes long. Sherlock couldn’t stop looking at her, he had never been so close to a baby and he was fascinated. Her rosy skin was soft and she smelled like lavender and roses’ water. Her tiny hand grabbed his index finger and he was lost; he didn’t even hear his mother entering the house and he didn’t feel her stand behind him and surely it went past him when she took a photo of the both of them.
A restless night for both; Rosie woke up three times, two nappy changes, three feds and John found himself drinking coffee and reading for his first class of the morning, nursing a cup of tea and wishing he had turned the heating sooner. As for Sherlock, he spent the night up, reading for his lectures and preparing the assignment, nursing a cup of tea, and wishing he was back in London, struggling with the heating, it was too hot to even think, but he considered his options, and freezing to death wasn’t part of his plans.
“No cons.” John shook his head and reached for Sherlock’s hand “So?” He looked up to ice blue eyes and felt himself fall in love all over again.
Silas goes to the brothel and asks for the man he had two days ago. Phares recognises him and gives him the news. Brokenhearted, he returns to Maria and tries to forget, unfortunately for him, he's been seen leaving the brothel and his father finds out. He's sent away a week later, wife and cattle on tow. He ends up in
“I’ll get a candle for the table. It’s more romantic” Angelo left them to choose. When he returned with the candle John looked up, trying not to laugh at the smiling man that was sending Sherlock knowing looks and concentrated on the menu.
Sherlock realised he was lost in love with John during Saturday’s breakfast -how mundane-, the scene was so domestic that if Sherlock had been the witness to it instead of the lead, he would have scoffed and mocked the people sitting together at the tiny table, taking turns to feed each other and the baby, looking at each other with big googly eyes. Sherlock almost blurted his love when John stood up to do the dishes and kissed him on the forehead, he looked down at Rosie and contained himself, just barely.
"You are wonderful. You take care of my friends, and you also care about me. I'm so sorry, you are suffering because of me ..."
John's eyes fell on Mycroft, who was still in his suit with the shirt sleeves rolled up. He was writing something on a laptop. After a while, the doctor got up and walked to the bedroom door. "You know, Mycroft, you don't have to sleep on this couch...".
John gave her a big smile. "Don't worry about it. Sherlock is either sleeping until noon or not sleeping at all. It's normal for him."
Yes. There was something else, but he realized how strange it would sound. He wondered if this information would contribute anything to the investigation. "He smelled like poppy seeds."
John remembered the conversation they had a few days ago. He knew what she was talking about, which made him want to sink to the ground. "It's true" he stammered and thought for a moment, "he impressed me."
The interior was not as elegant as in the Danieli Hotel but it was cozy and large. The very idea that he would have to look for Mycroft in this huge building made John feel his strength moving away from him. He was about to approach the man with the plaque and try to talk to him, when he saw Mycroft out of the corner of his eye, coming out of the large hall behind the hall. He smiled and walked over to him. Mycroft saw him too. He didn't seem as annoyed as in the morning. When the doctor was halfway up, Mycroft's face became serious. John had no idea what had happened.
At the very beginning, when Sherlock lit the small lamp, John thought someone had been in this room before. Papers, clothes and other trinkets were piling around the room. There was a phone charger next to every power plug. There were shoes on the wardrobe. What's more interesting, each from a different pair. Pillows from the bed were falling on the ground, bags were left in the corners. In general, the room looked like a bomb had exploded in it. John wondered if it was worth to mask their presence after all because before and after their intrusion there was no difference. The only obvious evidence of their presence was dirt spread on the floor. Sherlock, who was like in a trance, a few minutes earlier took the flower and pulled it out of the pot, then put it back in its place. John imagined a charwoman's face who would come to clean Stoner's room.
He lost track of time. He didn't know if their kiss lasted a second or ten minutes. The only thing in his head was the thought he had just kissed one of the most influential and dangerous people in England. He kissed Mycroft. His best friend's brother. John shivered again. And it was because of excitement and disbelief, not fear.
"And I shouldn't involve you in all of this...", he rubbed his face with a heavy sigh. "And on top of that, these bodies."
He walked away from the table and slowly came the balustrade. He leaned on his elbows on a cold murmur and looked down. At any other time, he would probably love the beauty of the surroundings. He would appreciate not only the colors and cleanliness but also the love that the owners had to put in decorating this hotel. Now, however, his thoughts were focused on Mycroft.
John stood in the middle of the room and looked around. He was not surprised that Mycroft did not choose this apartment. It did not suit his seriousness and elegance. For some reason, he could not imagine him surrounded by blue, green or purple colors. He imagined him surrounded by dark brown furniture, a downy red carpet, a yellow-orange lamplight, with a golden pen in his hand and a glass of whiskey next to his mouth. Sherlock had a slightly different style. Cold colors suited him more. Blue, silver, purple and black. These were his colors.
Mrs Hudson did not change her expression. "And so gallant. Finally, someone who doesn't make me tremble just by looking at him," she nodded appreciatively. "Mr Holmes has many customers but very few visitors."
"Everything is ready, John. Your new clothes are waiting for you in the hotel wardrobe. You don't have to worry about anything."
John fell on him with his body and started to unbutton Mycroft's trousers. Mycroft gasped to his lips, trying to lay as comfortable as possible. Their kisses were chaotic, they both wanted to get more. More taste, breaths, more sweet noises, and touch. John dropped their trousers down and grabbed Mycroft's penis in his hand. He spread the pre-ejaculate on his hand and started to massage them both in a firm grip. They moaned with pleasure.
Mycroft narrowed his eyes in a faint amusement that was meant to irritate the doctor a little. He did not answer for a long time. He finished putting the condom on, knelt right behind John, grabbed his hips, and began rubbing against him while teasing the sensitive area. "What do you expect from me to do, John?" he asked, staring at his own movements. "Hm? Tell me, please."
Done. He said it. From the very beginning of his acquaintance with Sherlock, he wanted to tell him that. He felt a shiver run down his spine at the sound of his own voice. The pleasant butterflies in his stomach, however, were no match for the mixture of emotion he saw on Sherlock's face. His facial expressions changed too quickly for John to have a chance to name any feeling radiating from his friend's face. If the situation was different he would have already walked towards him with open arms and mouth ready to be kissed and caressed. He decided to continue and did so at the last moment because Sherlock was getting ready to get up from his armchair.
"What will it do for us?" The detective broke eye contact. He turned slowly to look at the collection. "A month of peace? After his release from custody, he will return to killing, but he will be more careful and even crueller."
Holmes had had enough. He gave the other man a fake smile, grabbed a new glass of alcohol and went to the terrace. He had to rest and clear his mind in the fresh air.
"Stop it, I'm serious" he narrowed his eyes. Suddenly the view in front of him was more interesting than a slight irritation on Sherlock's face. For a long time, he wondered where all this was going. He got used to this way of life. He accepted it and learned to cooperate with others. He saw that Sherlock was also doing well, thanks to John and his help. He was fighting with his thoughts while slurping wine. "It's time to take care of yourself," he muttered quietly. "And don't look at others."
"Buongiorno, signore, signora. Buona permanenza!" said cheerfully one of the men. He put their luggage on a wooden bridge and returned to his boat with a smile.
A thought flashed through his mind. He didn't know where it came from, but he couldn't get rid of it. He leaned out from behind the case to look the detective straight in the eye. "You know who the murderer is ...".
John didn't wait. He walked over to the window with a smile, opened it and went out onto the balcony. His friend was standing on the neighboring terrace. As usual, he leaned against the balustrade and smoked lazily a cigarette. They stood in silence for a moment. They watched boats and gondolas floating in the distance, rented by lovers in love and incredibly rich couples. John knew that if he wanted to afford a quiet and slow gondola ride at this time of night, he would have to raise money all month. "I hope you've finished your experiments with me," he said, staring straight ahead. "Your behavior annoyed me this morning." He didn't hear the answer. "Have you at least achieved your goal?" he asked.
John shuddered again that day. He stopped his movements, much to Sherlock's displeasure. He grabbed his wrist because his friend was desperate enough to reach out to touch himself and finish the job. John pressed his hand on the pillow next to his head, leaned forward, and kissed him hard. He waited for Mycroft's next steps, but they never came. He broke the kiss and looked back.
"I'm grateful to you for that," he smiled and went back to looking at the furniture. "I would certainly look weird in a dress. I doubt if even in Whitechapel anyone would be willing to accept my services." The sun's rays falling through the window illuminated the inside of the drawer. There was a small shiny object at the bottom. He took it in his hand to look at it closely. In an instant, an invisible giant squeezed his stomach, causing violent pain. He felt weak and sick. A police whistle flashed in his trembling hand, and a broken chain was still stained with clotted blood. He slowly turned his head. Cold sweat immediately poured over his body. Holmes's pale eyes stared at him with an ominous aura, and the so-far cheeky expression was now replaced by a dark, diabolical smile.
It was the truth. He was halfway to the campsite and nothing happened. It calmed him down a bit. He breathed a sigh of relief because he suddenly understood his behavior and the strange panic that overwhelmed him. He shook his head and moved forward with relief. He heard the birds sing again. The sound of trees and the quiet cracks of broken branches. He entered a more overgrown part of the forest, where the trees grew so close that their roots tangled together and protruded from the ground, creating a considerable obstacle.
"Don't worry, John. Sherlock has always been touchy and couldn't reconcile when something went wrong ... But I'm glad you decided to help me ".
He lifted the corner of his mouth and went back to watching the exhibitions. He guessed how frustrating this must have been for Holmes, who realized that the murderer was probably preparing to attack the prostitutes every day, and there was nothing he could do about it.
Too much information at once. John needed time. "I still have a hard time believing you came up with such an idea," he said, putting the phones in his pockets and brushing his hair back. For the first time since he entered the room, he looked away, unable to bear the pressure exerted by Mycroft and Sherlock's keen eyes.
"Hmm" Lestrade was ready to sit down, but he started groping and checking his every pocket. "Do you have a handkerchief?"
They both tried to squeeze through the crowd of talking personalities until they finally reached the double glass door. They walked quietly through the lobby and left the hotel. They were sure they were being followed but did not look back. It was crowded outside. It was not late, but people were gathering in nearby restaurants. Some tourists were already enjoying the charms of the night, others were passing by, looking for a free place at any of the tables. The promenade by the main channel was teeming with people of all ages and sexes. Tasty smells from all the surrounding hotels spread in the air, and conversations were heard over the water. Waiters ran around with full trays, from hotels to tables. The musician was sitting on a low stool with a mandolin on his lap at one of the restaurations.
"In that case, I hope you know where we keep all the cleaning supplies because I'm not going to clean up this mess." Mrs. Hudson went to the kitchen door and opened it. Smoke slowly began to fall on the table, fridge, and everything around. "Oh, Sherlock ..." she looked at him with reproach and entered the kitchen. She hesitated when she saw what her flat looked like. She used to say one thing and do another, which is why Sherlock was not surprised when she started cleaning. "I must seriously consider increasing your rent." She was bustling around the kitchen and put all glass things in the sink.
"Don't worry about the prices. I invited you and I will pay" Sherlock's tone was indifferent. He was sitting next to the girl checking something on the phone. He held his other hand slung over the back of her chair.
"I will print it ... or better. I will send this photo to all goldfish from your aquarium," he said pleased.
John nodded, smiling sadly. "I know that, Mycroft." He saw in his eyes the desire to say something else. He waited, but it didn't seem like Mycroft was saying anything more. John expected this, and he knew where the conversation would go. "But?" he said when it became obvious that he would have to initiate further conversation himself.
John frowned. He didn't like the sound of Sherlock's voice. It was calm but a bit dark. For some time they did not show that they knew about the person following them. They walked quietly down the streets, past crowded cafes. To John's surprise, the sun was hidden behind low clouds, which allowed them to rest a little from the heat. Although he knew that it would not last long, because the clouds looked temporary, which, however, did not disturb his good mood. He got used to the heat as he used to do in Afghanistan. They managed to hide behind tall buildings just as the sun found a hole in a thick layer of clouds. They immediately came across a crowd of people. They came ashore from boats, motorboats, and gondolas. The others stood in line to catch the opportunity and get to the other side of the main canal. John, Sherlock, and Molly stood in the middle of the city, near one of the most recognizable attractions - the Rialto Bridge. The bridge was surrounded on each side by tourists who photographed it. Some stood on the shore, others took advantage of the fact that they were on the water and had the opportunity to see the bridge from a different perspective. The marina was full of shops, souvenir stands, and narrow eateries, where even a simple bottle of drink cost four times as much as in a normal store. Molly recognized this place as a paradise of souvenirs, which is why she informed Sherlock and John that she was going to spend a long time in this area to find the right gift.
"Molly, can't you see how fat this cat is?" Sherlock asked. "It's probably the tourists' fault," he muttered.
Dr Hooper was the first to look down. She took a deep breath but didn't change her position. "Elizabeth Stride. Known as Long Liz. She came to London from Sweden."
The man looked at Mycroft knowingly. "I will not disturb you," he said in a pleasant voice. "I'll see you at the agreed place." He smiled and turned to John. "Doctor Watson" he bowed slightly and left, closing the door silently.
Calm sounds eased John's nerves. He focused his attention on Sherlock's injured hands. He didn't want to hurt him more. He took off the glove, and when he looked at the bandaged hand, he felt like smiling under his breath. Sherlock apparently decided to take care of it himself, because the bandage was wrapped clumsily and lopsidedly. The moment he took it off, he understood how much pain his friend must have felt all this time. His skin was bleeding. On the fingers and in the middle of the palm. The blood had already dried and stuck to the bandage. John gently got rid of it. But when he did it, he accidentally ripped a few cuts and the blood appeared again on Sherlock's hand. Amazingly, Sherlock didn't move even a millimeter. His hand grew warm, and when John looked up, he saw his friend's beautiful eyes, focused only on him. They stared at each other for a long time. So long that John felt uncomfortable. He lowered his eyes and took care of his hand. He cleaned the wounds, disinfected, and sprayed his hand with a special substance that was to help tissue regeneration. He wrapped his hand with a clean bandage and took the other one. He repeated the activities, but this time much more slowly. He loved the touch of Sherlock's skin. It was delicate and soft. He had long, slender fingers. John could look at them for hours. He was glad that Sherlock was letting him do it right now. He sat patiently with his open hand and let him touch himself. John was too much into what he was doing to pay attention to the burning look his friend gave him. He could feel the warm breath on his neck as he bowed his head. He gently ran his finger over the bandage. How much would he give to feel Sherlock's fingers on his skin. He wanted those fingers to tighten on his shoulder and hold him to the ground. If only Sherlock had kissed him just like Sebastian had just before ... He looked up. Sherlock stared at him in silence. The glow of the fire reflected in his eyes. John understood his mistake. He couldn't show Sebastian that he was right. There were no laws where they were. No one would be surprised by Sherlock's death because the mission itself was dangerous and had the characteristics of suicide. He couldn't let his hidden feelings for Sherlock be visible to others or let Sebastian figure out what he felt for his friend. He realized that these two months would be really difficult.
"You said you spent the last two days in the toilet and cursed every bite of meal they gave you," he continued. He did not look at the owner who was red with anger.
This time it was Mycroft who decided to take on the burden of the conversation. He turned his whole body to him. "John, listen" he cast a glance at the floor, then looked up. "You said a few days ago that you were a monster. But it was about the fact that you love two people, not about love. We fully understand your doubts and the reasons that led you to make your decision. Any normal person would have problems with that just like people who are directly affected by this matter. However, you must have realized for a long time now ... "he paused, thus trying to make John pay more attention," that neither of us is normal, thinking about this word the same as ordinary people. Whether it's good or bad depends on your point of view and self-esteem. For Sherlock and me, ordinariness and normality are not positive terms. We want to be true to ourselves, and if someone cannot accept it, It's not our problem. We rejected normality because we have a bad association with this word ... I guess you too since you decided to live with someone like my brother "he added with a slight smile. "Give up a normal, gray, and ordinary life. Forcing yourself to follow generally accepted norms will not make you happy."
"Mr. Holmes will join us soon," she said, making him focus his attention on her again. She didn't look at him and John didn't know if she was relieved or indifferent. But why would Mycroft leave the hotel? Did he want to argue with him again or did he want to apologize? No, it didn't sound like Mycroft. He made no mistakes, so the word 'sorry' did not have a place in his dictionary. But why did he bother going through almost half the city? John didn't know how to react. He wondered if he should prepare for a series of rebuke, sinister glances, and harsh comments. If he could, he would avoid meeting with Mycroft, so he decided to leave the restaurant before the genius joined them. The moment he cleared his throat and grabbed the armrests of the chair, he heard someone's familiar footsteps behind him.
“I’ll do the dishes” Sherlock stood from his chair and picked up the plates “Yes?” He looked pointedly at Mrs. Hudson and she just giggled and shook her head.
They talked every night, John had begun rugby practices again, which meant less minutes to chat with Sherlock every Monday, and less time to be together every other Saturday, but they managed. Sherlock stayed longer at the lab on Mondays and on John’s busy Saturdays he prepared the papers to finish university early. Rosie was staying with her grandparents, meaning Sherlock’s parents and John had the time to take his frustrations, tiredness and bad mood by running and beating guys around.
“I had to…” Sherlock closed his eyes and hugged him tighter “I’m sorry, but I had to… We wouldn’t be here if I hadn’t…” Sherlock breathed John for the first time in months
John’s hand fumbled with the button and zipper of Sherlock’s trousers and Sherlock found a way to open a few of the bottom buttons of John’s shirt. Sherlock kissed John’s neck and managed to open John’s trousers before his hand snaked down and grabbed John’s engorged cock.
After a late lunch for both of them, Sherlock reminded John that he had a meeting in Baker Street and John was ready to come with him. John helped Sherlock clean the house while Sherlock explained he decided to stay with his brother instead of going home to Enfield with his parents.
“Yeah, got the car, that’s all you want from us now” Bill mocked offence, he went over to Mike and put a hand on his shoulder and said in a sickly sweet way “Our little boy is growing up, dear, he’s got a boyfriend” dabbing a non-existent tear from his eye and putting his other hand over his chest before sighing sadly. Mike laughed heartily and grabbed his now growing stomach.
He gave Sherlock a quick kiss on the nape of his next, watched him stir, heard him mumble something and continue sleeping. He rushed up the stairs and found Rosie sitting calmly on her cot, with her bee in her tiny hand, waving it and making buzzing sounds. He smiled fondly at his little girl, she had learned so much in the last couple of months being with the Holmes. When Rosie squealed and clapped her hands John noticed Sherlock was standing behind him, watching them both.
Sherlock felt his heart break after two days of trying to contact John and failing. He hadn’t promised to be there, but they had made plans. Sherlock knew John had another month of classes; they’ll only have two weeks to be together, to know each other more than they already did, plan… maybe.
They stopped a couple more times, shared some beers, some kisses, some time… suffice to say the heart… well… the dick got what it wanted, but by the time it was satisfied enough, Oxford was on sight…
Things were going smoothly, but the work load increased the more John got involved at the hospital and the more Sherlock helped Lestrade with cases. They created a routine for those days; John managed a schedule that permitted him be with his little family for several hours every single day, and Sherlock would try not to work on fresh cases when he was in charge of Rosie. They both had agreed not to leave Rosie more time than necessary with their parents, they accepted their help whenever it was offered, but tried to parent their daughter as much as possible.
"I see this time Miss Hooper decided to take matters into her own hands," Mycroft nodded understandingly. He looked somewhere over John's shoulder. He looked like he was lost in his thoughts. "It's amazing how a change in surroundings can affect people's behavior. They become braver and can take risks they have never thought of before. Venice is a truly magical place." When he looked away and looked at the silent John, he noticed that he was playing with the ring he still had on his finger. The view shocked Mycroft so much that he stood staring at the small, golden object for a moment. How could he overlook it? John was wearing it all this time? Was the sight of the ring on the doctor's finger so natural for him that he completely forgot about another possibility? Was that a good sign? Probably yes. If he could, he would have come to deeper conclusions. However, he did not have time. The situation surprised him, the more that he did not think at all about the effects that John's behavior and decisions might have on this small object. In his heart, he felt that it was a good omen. Awareness poured out a pleasant warmth down his spine. He wanted to take his hand and kiss his finger, then his whole hand. At the moment, however, he had to clear up the misunderstanding. John apparently came out with the mistaken assumption that the reason for his presence on Baker Street was the desire to collect the ring, which has already lost its relevance and usefulness.
When the rough days were finally over, they left the flat and took her to the park. They walked, each taking turns to carry her, and appreciated the liveliness she was showing for the first time in about a week, enjoying her excitement when she pointed to a “birdie”, and the way she clapped excitedly when she saw the few birds left in the skies that last day of September. They were glad their little girl was feeling better, back to “normal”, and just a few days before her first birthday and their seven months together.
John was thinking the same, it was inevitable, more now than ever given the fact they were living together, they’ll have to plan something, maybe lunch instead of diner, give them time to share with Rosie, be distracted by her. He also knew that at some point their parents would have to meet, a maybe their siblings. He was confident enough that the Holmes will be great no matter the situation, but his parents; it was more an issue of the Holmes liking the Watsons and not the other way around.
Before going to the flat they went for food, the Italian place was packed -thankfully- so they took their order to go and walked to Sherlock’s flat. The space was a beautiful as John had imagined. A studio flat with everything Sherlock might need; a small kitchen, a fully furnished living room-dining room, and a king size bed; the whole ensemble was completed with a travel cot for Rosie. John couldn’t believe how prepared Sherlock was for their visit.
John tried not to grimace and act as nonchalant as possible “And these business” John cleared his throat before continuing “Are about the case in Florida?” he asked, instead of asking what was on his mind, if Sherlock was interested in him or not.
“Ah, Anderson” Anderson narrowed his eyes and looked at Sherlock with disgust “Girlfriend left you alone again?” He sniffed again and got a wicked look in his eyes.
When Sherlock relaxed and let out a long breath, John pushed deeper and soon was fully sheathed inside Sherlock’s body, the warmth wrapping him like a blanket. Sherlock adjusted and tilted his pelvis, and John took the hint and started to move, soon creating a rhythm of their own; slow, soft, tender, caring, loving, soft breaths and touches, slow thrusts and whispers of kisses wherever they could reach, words of love shared with a melting sweetness.
“Delicious” Sherlock kissed the word over John’s ear and with that, John came harder than he ever had, Sherlock’s name in his lips. Sherlock followed shortly after, John’s name tumbling from his lips like a prayer.
She was alone. She had no idea how to tell her parents, her friends… What was she supposed to do now? Cambridge wanted her! She had her future planned, she was supposed to marry a nice man, have children, a house in the suburbs with a white picket fence. She was supposed to graduate this year, she was the girl every girl wanted to be and every boy wanted to be with! She was supposed to be… perfect…
John had never felt this way, so full and so complete, so right and so happy, immensely so, it was as if all this time he had been deprived of all his senses and now was able to feel, see, hear, taste, smell for the first time in his life, all his senses heightened, feeling Sherlock’s short breaths on his neck, his fingers tingling with the feel of Sherlock’s skin, his mouth swollen, tasting Sherlock’s lips, neck, tasting his sweat, smelling that sweet smell that belongs only to Sherlock, spicy, yet so much like honey, hearing Sherlock moan softly and call his name with every thrust, hearing the reverence, the need, the love.
After Mary was killed, Greg was glad that Sherlock was there to help him; every single time Sherlock helped him, he received a commendation and was going places pretty fast. He had joined the force at 18 -to help with University- and by his 23rd birthday he was made sergeant, thanks to his young friend. When he met him 5 years ago, he could have sworn he would find the boy in a ditch somewhere, drugged up to his bones without salvation. He was glad he was wrong and was proud that Sherlock had followed a different path instead of recurring to drugs.
“That’s it?” John tried not to laugh. Sherlock was too nervous, everything was so new and he had to remind himself, constantly that Sherlock had a brain that works in overtime.
The lesson? Complete understanding that our lives belong to others, the ones that love us, cherish us, wait for us...
“Mister Watson, little Rosie. A real pleasure to meet you” She smiled at him and John felt as a bug under the microscope, she was reading him like an open book. She nodded at Sherlock and Sherlock made a sign for John to wait.
Hilary was over for Sherlock, he had planned going to London as soon as the term was over, but other plans -known as Mycroft meddling- came his way and he found himself embarked on a private plane to France, with the order to visit grand-mère Holmes. He’d made plans to help John with Rosie, but he saw them melt away as the plane soared over the French air. He sent a text to John and told him he’ll write as soon as he landed. John didn’t answer.
“I’ll get her” Sherlock said and kissed his shoulder “Sleep” John snuggled closer in the pillows and followed Sherlock’s advice; it’d been so long since he had someone to watch over Rosie at night. Sherlock’s voice caught his attention, though, so John left the cosy bed and stood in the dark, near the door frame, watching Sherlock feed Rosie as he walked with her around the small flat and rocked her slowly, muttering sweet nothings to the sleepy baby.
Eurus just exclaimed enthusiastically “Finally!” kissed him on the cheek, congratulated him and threatened Victor with castration if he hurt her little brother; Victor just nodded and then shook his head, not knowing what to do or say. Things went smoothly for the first six months, kisses, and daring touches over their clothes, a few ruined trousers, but never skin on skin. Sherlock was curious, of course he was, but when the moment of truth came, by his seventeenth birthday, he decided he didn’t want to go that far, at least not yet. Victor swore everything was right, that he understood completely, but Sherlock could feel the way Victor was slipping through his fingers. To avoid the pain that came with rejection, Sherlock started repeating the mantra Mycroft had told him after Redbeard, “caring is not an advantage”.
My left shoulder stings, once again my left shoulder stings, which means I'm alive. Which time is it this one? The tenth, the twelfth? Always my bloody left shoulder... why? At leats this time I didn't die. What life is it this time? The tenth? The twelfth? I am, once again, a soldier. Why couldn't I be a milkman... given its the right century to be that... or... never mind... But this time, I saw his eyes... Finally!
With invitations sent, seat arrangements made, wedding suits and dresses made; bridesmaids and groomsmen chosen, the wedding was at full steam. The night before the wedding Mary and John had talked in hushed tones while Rosie slept between them and they agreed not to interfere in the other’s romantic life. Sure, their situation wasn’t exactly the best or most perfect, but they could manage to become a family and have their… flings… let’s call it flings… on the side.
Sherlock cleared his throat and continued talking “When I was dating Victor, he somehow managed to find about this” he tapped the documents “After that, he kept on insisting I had sex with him” Sherlock blushed “I tried, once, but I was too nervous and when he started kissing me and groping me I felt disgusted, a few weeks later he broke up with me, his friends said it was because I didn’t “put out”, that he had lost a bet and that the only reason he was with me was because of my money” Sherlock closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “I…” John shook his head.
“Great, thanks!” John let out a relieved huff “Be there at four” he finished the call and went to look for his daughter. This morning, he had left her with the Morstans, but Rosamund found it very hard to take care of the little baby and generally after a couple of hours, John was forced to pick her up, take her with him to lectures or call favours from friends and family. Thankfully, he had forged great relationships with his fellow students and with his teachers, and Rosie had charmed her way to everyone’s heart.
“Call me” Sherlock leaned close and kissed John’s cheek. John nodded and closed his eyes, he could feel his heart thumping in his chest and his eyes fill with tears “I’ll miss you” Sherlock whispered and held him closer, the least he wanted was leave, much less now that he knew how it felt to be with Sherlock for 24 hours, just the two of them, minding Rosie, going to dinner, having breakfast, sleeping in the same bed…
Okay... So... I just got a new job (FINALLY!!!!) but it means now I have no time to post, much less to write. I'm taking pen and paper (creativity may hit at the most random moments) and I promise I won't leave you hanging. I've already written ten more chapter to this story, and hope to write ten more by Sunday before I have to leave the city. I'll upload all I have by Sunday morning and hopefully by my return to the city I'll have more material for you.
“Her girlfriend thinks so too” Sherlock snorted “Irene’s girlfriend, Kate, studies music with me” Sherlock felt the need to explain. “We’ve been… friends…” Sherlock waved his hand as if that explained the feeling “Since I came to University. Irene was the only person that talked to me when I arrived to school, and she’s been a good friend for the past two years. Used to keep me distracted” Sherlock shrugged.
The week went by hellishly slower. Sherlock’s mood went from usual Sherlock on a strop to “the devil better hide because Sherlock’s on the loose”. He manged to ostracise Irene -who usually succeeded to get his head out of his arse- having her leave his flat, throwing the door and yelling at him that he’s “an insufferable prick”. The only moments when he remained calm were when John called him at night and he was able to see Rosie.
Sherlock scowled, John pursed his lips and clenched his fists… they both glared at the physician -who promptly left the premises before his body was one of the most wanted and less easy to find- In the end, baby Rosie -with Hudders and Molls’ help- got her way by clutching her tiny fist in Sherlock’s shirt and falling asleep in his arms. Whenever Sherlock tried to put her down she would cry and he was forced to stay put whit his daughter in his arms.
and claimed him. After he was done, he kept saying he was beautiful, hence the name. "Callistus" has many clients a day, young, robust men, old, feeble men, smelly, fat, thin, fair, ugly, sweaty, sweet, aggressive, he serves them all, he must. At seventeen, he's still the most wanted boy in the brothel, even though he's been "serving" since he was twelve. "Callistus" has "especial" clients. They bring him fruit, scented oils, clothing; he gracefully accepts every gift and acts as lovers should, making scenes, acting lovingly, jealously, as a soft submissive, as a child. He's learned how to scream, how to moan, how to deceive. After Phares left his room that first night, he cried to sleep, the next morning he felt cold to the core, after that day, he was unable to feel.
“But?” John let out the breath he’d been holding and his face and body relaxed under this new information.
“Fine” Sherlock huffed “But I have my own terms” Sherlock pulled John close and John melted into the embrace.
“So? He likes you!” Molly sounded affronted by John’s apparent disinterest “She told me he’s afraid to start something long distance. He was in Oxford when Victor…” She bit her lip and John could sense her hesitation.
She was no longer a teenager, even though she was. She was no longer a child, even though, and very at heart, she was still a little girl, dreaming about her days in Uni, finding a good man, having children and a house in the suburbs with a picket fence. She loved plush toys, cherry lolly pops and blowing huge chewing gum bubbles. In her heart, she was a child, but after 90 seconds she became a woman, an adult… a person that will have to assume the responsibility for another human being…
After that, there's darkness and confusion, a long wait alone, then I was born with a scream and the memory of loss.
Yes, he’d been irrationally irritable, mostly because of Rosie and the recent development in his life, and yes, he was taking the edge of his frustrations off with Sherlock; but he was committed to their relationship and he wanted it to work. He was going to therapy. Well, actually, his therapist was going to him and he would contact her whenever he felt he was about the explode
“How dare you say that?” John was standing in front of him, his voice low and menacing “You’ve never been a replacement to anything” his voice was trembling and rising “To anyone” He managed in a shaky breath
“Tomorrow?” Sherlock looked down at the table. The moment turned a bit awkward, but before Sherlock could ask, Billy, the waiter came with their food.
“John” Sherlock whispered and melted into the kiss. Before he knew it, his body hit the mattress and John was on top of him, kissing everywhere he could, touching him like no one ever had; his eyes full of lust…
Souls have memories, old memories that usually come to our minds in a rush. We remember a specific taste or smell, or have the memory of touch or sight. Memories of past lives.
“We’ll both have full schedules, you’ll start your rotations, it will get harder with time” John nodded “We can manage” Sherlock said firmly and John nodded again, smiling at him.
"If I could, I would have killed them all; your uncle..." He pulls me close and holds me, I feel his rage emanating from every pore, his fists clench to my sides as he inhales deeply and tries to calm.
John is brilliant, sweet, loving, caring, smart, intelligent, perceptive, a good son, a good brother, a good person over all. John is perfect; at least that is what his boyfriend, James Sholto, says about him.
They stared at each other for what seemed like an eternity, John trying to find a way to explain his feelings, Sherlock with a dazed look on his eyes, grasping the idea that John loved him. “I love you” He whispered and grabbed John’s hand “I love you” He repeated and John beamed at him.
The first ever thought, "It burns," is attributed to my soulmate, The "scientist" he is.., always touching, tasting, smelling, everything... Then, he said it. Grunted? Oh! How much language has evolved, to the point I'm writing to you in English, of over 6.909 different languages. I've been translated to many since the first attempt I made to tell our story.
“Hey” John couldn’t help but smile, his anger melting at the sound of Sherlock’s voice “Is fine. I assume it was someone that needed to talk to you” John bit his lower lip.
- but have shared a bed several times; he could be the man his brother needed, but Mycroft had to be sure; he had to be sure he wouldn’t be leaving at short notice, that he will choose his bother over his duty, although evidence suggested he was even willing to have his heart broken if he needed to do what he considered the right thing.
Much like the hand holding, the first kiss was as spectacular as accidental. The top of the Eiffel tower, the sunset in front of them, a push, a pull, one look up, one look down, the pull of the magnets and two sets of lips meeting and melting against each other; it had never felt so right to kiss that way. In his inexperience, Sherlock managed to give John a wonderful first kiss, lips coming together the way they belonged, tongues dancing in perfect synchronicity, breaths coming and going rhythmically. John gave Sherlock a perfect kiss, by demonstrating that there was no awkwardness in the lack of knowledge, no reason to laugh, no lesson to teach, no lead to follow.
John moaned at the contact and grabbed Sherlock in the same way, his hand squeezing Sherlock’s dick before stroking Sherlock’s cock more firmly. Sherlock shivered and bit his lower lip to contain a whimper. They started kissing more hungrily while they got each other off.
You must let go of every "need" you've ever had, be satisfied with what you already have, be happy... or... die and be born, be cursed for all eternity, until you just... LET.GO!
By the year 50 B.C. Caesar has conquered Gaul and the Roman Republic is expanding to new frontiers. Caesar isn't happy though, he needs more, so off he goes and proclaims himself Emperor. By year 46 B.C. he's conquered Africa and half of Hispania.
“I could be wrong… but I think that’s none of your business” John clicked his tongue, trying to control his anger.
“What?” John needed Sherlock to repeat what he had said, he needed to make sure. Sherlock had asked him to move in together but they’d been together for two months, should he move in with him?
He fired the nurse and she slapped him. It was so difficult being the youngest trauma surgeon at the hospital, but what was even harder was that the hospital belonged to his family. Many people thought that he was the youngest Chief of Trauma Surgery ever because of his family, but the truth was that he had earned the position by studying, practicing and tolerating a lot of bitching about.
He hit send and watched the city pass by… His phone started ringing it was John, but Sherlock didn’t answer… The cab did a turn and there he was, John Watson in the flesh, leaving the surgery… To his bad luck, the cab stopped and John spotted him, he climbed in the car and Sherlock groaned
"Just come?" John extends his hand and I just take it, going willingly to whenever he leads, because I trust him. And John, my John, takes my hand and squeezes it softly, acknowledging the trust, guiding me.
“Is it bigger than this one?” John had no idea, he didn’t even know if Rosie had her own room, so he assumed it was big enough for the three of them.
“Great, so great” John’s smile went from wide to impossibly wider and Mike just chuckled, he hadn’t seen John this happy since… well… ever…
“Mrs. Hudson said I could move in as soon as I see fit” Sherlock repeated, he tried his “cold and detached” strategy, to avoid the hurt of rejection, but he couldn’t keep the hope from his eyes.
The only strange moment they shared was one afternoon, Irene came barging in, asking where Sherlock had been for an entire week when she saw the screen. John was lying on his side in his bed, with Rosie in his arms and Sherlock was telling her a story. Irene came in and leaned over Sherlock, practically lying on top of him. John could feel jealousy rising up his chest to his throat and he wanted to scream but somehow managed to remain calm.
, relatively close to the cold ocean, memories of that magical afternoon, a lute and a beach always on his mind.
Thank you all so much for subscribing and reading. I get my kicks out of the hits. I love you all my loyal followers. Happy Sherlock!
“Thank you” He heard John whisper and he just smiled “You should have closed the screen” John blushed and Sherlock shook his head “It was nice having you somewhat near, though” John gave Sherlock a small smile while he juggled with Rosie and the bottle.
The second campaign over Britannia is more successful, Marcus' men helped Caesar and once more, he's granted a new rank. The military has also given him another chance, Apart from being a Decanus, he is considered a
“Out! Out! Out!” Rosie rejoiced and John couldn’t help but laugh. They ended up at the Botanic Garden. Still stunned all they did was walk, hand in hand, while Rosie squealed at everything she saw, shouting “Out!” and “Daddy” every now and then.
He can still feel John, in every crevice of his mouth, in every curve of his body, in the tips of his fingers, in every muscle he tries to move and smarts a satisfactory ache, in the tingling of his skin and in that dull, soft, yet still present stinging in his… he can’t help the blush… oh, the wonderful sensation that has rendered him unable to think beyond what happened last night.
John realised that Sherlock was right, that he wasn’t worthy of such a man, such a caring human being, a man that had sacrificed his life for him many times in many ways and not once had asked for anything in return, not even the love he more than deserved. John felt ashamed and decided right there and then that he wouldn’t look for Sherlock Holmes again, that Sherlock deserved to be loved, cherished and cared for and that he wasn’t ready to give him what he deserved
“Now that you’ve decided to move to two hundred and twenty one b, I’ll be willing to help you ease your way, After all…” Mycroft smirked “You’re a young doctor, struggling with debts and trying to keep your scholarship, provide for that little baby that isn’t even your daughter and keeping a flat with two other friends” Mycroft tried again. He was the one that had told Victor about the money and the title, Victor’s eyes had lightened up; he was disappointed with the young man, although he knew the bet wasn’t real; he needed to measure John, just as much as he measured every single acquaintance Sherlock had, so far Irene was the most loyal, but John was proving he truly was interested in Sherlock.
"I was expensive," I say as way of explanation, "my brother fared it worst, he was... used... by my uncle, then sold to another brothel, he died, eventually, disease ridden."
Oh, yeah... Married her several times, whenever I don't die... or she's simply writen off the latest script of my life, depending on who's writing it...
I can see him shivering as he remembers. I reach out and his fingers touch mine. I can see exactly what he sees.
"Taking your own life. Interesting expression, taking it from who? Once it's over, it's not you who'll miss it. Your own death is something that happens to everyone else.  Your life is not your own, keep your hands off it."
The eyes moved lower… lower… he kept his eyes on that mouth and he saw the moment when curiosity turned into lust… John’s dick jumped, greeted the new acquaintance and was eagerly suggesting they left as soon as possible, no matter where, JUST GO! The mercurial eyes disappeared behind dark pupils; John dared look down and was greeted by the dancer’s eager erection…
Instead of Mary walking down the aisle, a very flustered Alex Morstan ran to John and whispered something in his ear. John rushed behind his father in law, followed by a very concerned Rosamund Morstan, carrying little Rosie; after them went the Watsons, questioning and apologetic faces.
“It’s more than loyalty” John rolled his eyes “It’s called love; perhaps you should practice it” John walked away from Mycroft and went to look for his daughter.
John realised how much he loved Sherlock the night he arrived, watching him taking such care of a baby that wasn’t his -or John for that matter- melted his heart; he was about to utter the three words but managed, somehow, to contain himself and wait, even though all he wanted was to yell it to the wind.
It turned out that Sherlock was pretty much done with university, that if he wanted to leave he could, with one condition, doing four graduate lectures before his Trinity was over and that was that; Sherlock had managed to advance in his Chemistry degree pretty quickly; an amazing discovery made him happier than ever; all the effort he had put on focusing on his classes and practices -after the breakup- meant he had finished his credits early, both in music and chemistry; all he had to do were four more credits to finish his dance degree and the four lectures; with that, he’ll be done even before he imagined. By the beginning of June his plan was approved, he assisted to two more lectures, doing six instead of four and his graduation was to be by the second week of July, meaning John could be there with him.
“All of the above” Sherlock shrugged, he was feeling uncomfortable, but he wanted to stay and get to know this man, even if it meant doing some small talk.
“How come you ended up with Rosie?” Mycroft knew it, everything, he had helped Gregory with the case, but neither Sherlock nor John needed to know that.
Her boyfriend, David, made his best act ever and disappeared as soon as the lines appeared on the stick… She was devastated and he had said to her that he had no idea how that happened, that she should go and look for the true responsible for the situation and bolted, as fast as he could…
As best friends, they were always there for each other. Mary was there for John the day he came out to his parents, she was there when Harry called him a fag, and she was there to hold him when James ended their relationship and was there to comfort him when they ran on the street and he met James’ new boyfriend. As much as Mary was there, John was there for her too. Since they shared their most intimate secrets, John was the first to know Mary was pregnant and was ready to punch the lights out of David; unfortunately, he was nowhere to be found so John had to get satisfaction from punching the lights out of a ball and throwing it to the ground with as much force as he was able to muster.
“Nope” John shook his head “But I’m happy with the situation. I know that when it happens it will be…” John took another deep breath “spectacular” he whispered and had a dreamy look on his face.
“Yes” Sherlock cleared his throat and looked out the window, then closed his eyes for a few seconds and focused again on John “I’ve a few news” He bit his lower lip and looked at the candle in the middle of the table “Remember a week ago, I came to visit and I told you about Oxford?” John nodded and the shook his head, as if trying to clear his memories. Sherlock took a deep breath “Remember I told you I was basically done with University?” Sherlock tapped his fingers on the table. John shook his head again “I told you that I’ve managed to complete the entire programme, including my research. I’ve talked to my professors and…” He hoped John wouldn’t be angry “I’ve finished University, graduation could be in July” He gave John an awkward smile and waited.
“Why?” Sally distracted him from his reverie and he just looked at her, inhaling deeply and nothing her scent. In that moment, Anderson walked in the room and stopped dead, looking from Sally to Sherlock.
Molly wasn’t really Victor’s friend, but she had met him at the Holmes London Manor. Somehow, Sherlock had become her friend and they talked a lot, mostly because they had lost Eurus to boarding school for her sixth form -an advanced one- and Molly was about to lose Mary to her baby and John. Molly was happy to be Sherlock’s friend and she was there to comfort him when his world crumbled and Victor announced they were over and that Sherlock better continued going to Oxford instead of transferring to Queen.
This time, oh this time! The lazy universe has intertwined their lives, but centuries still, to be what they are to be...
He still remembered the night they met, Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off of him and he sang the entire song for him, his every gesture; his every line was directed to the stranger that was currently occupying his every thought… That night, and every following night after that, he had sent him flowers and had signed the card with two single letters,
“You were saying?” John’s voice was low, menacing, he had that smile on his face that made Sherlock cower and want to look for refuge.
Mike pointed to the stage and said “I know three of the performers” And he pointed to the man that was currently acting the role of Charity “He’s a nurse at Bart’s” he kept talking lowly and John just nodded and stifled a yawn. The play continued and Mike pointed to the other man, the one playing Charlie “Charlie” Mike pointed to a tall, blonde dancing “Is my wife’s cousin”.
With the car packed, they recruited a few other friends to help them move. They had to buy a better cot for Rosie, a larger bed for their bedroom and some more furniture. The furniture Mrs. Hudson provided was more than enough for the two of them, but they had a child to think of, a little girl that will soon be reaching for whatever she could.
… “You left your dressing gown…” John stood still, frozen near the bathtub, the Detective didn’t move to cover, his brain trying to catch up with the situation “I…” John stood there, dressing gown falling to the floor; before he knew it, John’s hand was on his hair, fingers grabbing his curls and the other his face, pulling his chin up. John’s lips were soft but firm and the kiss… the kiss was searing, firing up his entire being…
I'm a soul in charge to see them, know that they are together... in my particular universe... They sit in silence for hours now, comforting in the presence of the other. The sound of their even breathing losing the battle against the uprising of the home fire.
“I noticed he lied a couple of times” John bit his upper lip “Did you notice Eurus looking at him every time he said a lie?”
“Mrs. Hudson” Sherlock hugged her and kissed her cheek “May I introduce you, John Watson” He pointed at John and she shook his hand, the motherly smile on her face again. When she saw Rosie she cooed at them and invited them in.
My love to all of you London readers. The world is one and the same for all of us, send love, seek love, remember that love is the best answer, God bless UK. To all my readers, many or few, I send you all the love; be safe and happy Sherlock.
The months went by quickly and little Rosamund Mary “Rosie” Watson was born October 11th, 9 pounds 11 ounces, 47 centimetres, ten fingers, ten toes; Mary’s nose and lips. John was the first to hold her, his heart swelled with love for the little girl, HIS little girl; he cut the cord and gave Mary a kiss to the forehead before leaving the room to introduce the newest Watson to the family. The Morstans were ecstatic, while the Watsons could barely contain themselves. John paraded like a proud father and realised that no matter how deep in shit his life was, just holding little Rosie was worth every single tear he had shed the last eight months.
“Kate asked me to invite you the rave, but I see that’ll be impossible” She looked at John wickedly “Guess I’ll have to please the girlfriend someway else” She licked her lips and blew a kiss to Sherlock “Cute Doctor” She mouthed to Sherlock and he rolled his eyes, wanting nothing but to throw her out of his flat.
He found a letter from the Army telling him he was a reserve, that in case he was needed he’ll be called for training; they were willing to help him with his child and wife and congratulated him on his upcoming nuptials. If only they knew… John took a deep breath and rocked Rosie; it was time for her bath. He pulled his phone out and took the piece of paper and put it away, for the time being, maybe a little distance could help; after all, he had to concentrate on his readings for Human Development.
“I could transfer” Sherlock was looking at Rosie with such intensity that made John’s heart leap on his chest.
BTW, this chapter has three parts. If you want you can avoid reading about the fight in part two, although it makes no sense at all if you just read one an three... I'm sorry if I offend anyone with my ramblings, but as much as I love these characters, I know they are human and are portrayed by humans. Moffat and Gattiss did say they weren't writting a gay series, they did say they wouldn't end up together. Love what they have given us, love them like you love Ben and Martin and John and Sherlock, and enjoy that open ending they gave to us, that ending that keeps the dream alive and the oportunity for us to create our own universe!
“I thought you and Anthea had broken up and you were dating Alicia Smallwood” Sherlock changed the subject abruptly and studied his brother more closely “Are you dipping the wick in already used wax?” Sherlock smirked and Mycroft scowled.
“I wanted to see you too” John smiled “What did you do all day?” He tried small talk to calm his nerves.
Hours turned into days and days turned into weeks, the unspoken love growing deeper and more fulfilling every day. They visited each other every other weekend, talked and texted every single day and missed each other more than life. Rosie was growing beautifully and she already was starting to talk. She waited for a particular day to talk out loud -their first month together celebration- taking advantage that she was in Sherlock’s arms, looking out the window of Sherlock’s Oxford flat.
“So this is really it…” John could feel his heart breaking and void taking over his stomach and numbness taking his limbs. Sherlock felt the exact same way… He wanted to run, hide, get away from there, but at the same time he wanted to hold John; tell him he loved him; hug him and kiss him, John wanted to do the exact same thing… Sherlock tried to nod, to shake his head; to move, do something to stop what he was sure was going to happen. John could see his hesitation and asked again “Is it really over?”
“If you try, you’ll never see her again, because I’ll take her to her real grandparents” John hissed. After the aftermath, Julia left a very frustrated John that went to the Holmes manor to be with his daughter and her grandparents. They helped him with all the legalities involving Rosie, including the fact that her real father was in jail. He never told Sherlock about the fight, he couldn’t, not when Sherlock was busy with his project and his classes.
He found more information; the boy, actually man, had just turned eighteen, he was a third year Oxford student, getting degrees in chemistry, dance and music. He was at the top of his classes since school; violinist; theatre aficionado, praised for his role as Hamlet in a school production; dancer -John loved those photos of him in tights- and apparently on his way of becoming the youngest detective praised by the Yard, a couple commendations… GOD… John closed his eyes and all he could see were those eyes, those cupid bow lips, those long fingers… He came back to reality when Rosie squirmed, having finished her bottle.
“Okay…” Bill went over to the kitchen and stood in front of the fridge, being several inches taller than John he knew he’ll be able to stop his friend from drinking the six-pack.
Rosie was crying her eyes out when they arrived to Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson looked desperate as she explained that the little girl had cried from the moment they left, Sherlock huffed and muttered an “I knew we should have taken her” under his breath -not really- which made John smile in spite of his own worry and bad mood. Sherlock took the baby form Mrs. Hudson and thumped up the stairs muttering sweet nothings and calming her immediately; John was left to follow him carrying the shopping bags.
"One I would have preferred not having," I remark; remembering the vile man has shaken me to the core; but my John, my amazing John, knows exactly what to say.
“No, Sherlock, please” John hurried “I’m sorry, I was angry. I had so many plans” He said and sighed sadly.
“I don’t care” John shrugged, he didn’t want to discuss his family, but his parent’s thirtieth wedding anniversary was a few weeks away, not to mention the christening of his nephew next weekend.
It had been two months since the breakup, everyone tried to get them back together, to have them talk.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a brief second. Eurus was still there and he hadn’t answered to her, the memories came rushing back again
Very slowly, very softly, he got Sherlock ready, arousing him enough to keep the experience pleasurable but not enough to have him come before everything started; one finger, then two, then three; in, out, in, out, slowly, softly, getting the most arousing sounds from Sherlock’s mouth, Everything was silent except for the sounds Sherlock was making, turning John on, more and more with each passing second.
“I talked to Mrs. Hudson” Sherlock bit his lower lip again and looked out the window, what if John didn’t want to live with him?
That was it for John; he pushed past Sherlock and left the room, only to stand in the hallway remembering he was locked in the flat… He turned back and Sherlock was standing there, dark and sad eyes fixed on him, as if waiting for something… anything, really… to happen… John sagged his shoulders and crossed his arms over his chest. He knew Sherlock was right, but at the same time there were many things they hadn’t talked, they hadn’t cleared… Sure, Sherlock was right, but at the same time, John had all the right to feel the way he felt… He rested his head on the wall and looked up… Sherlock was still there
John was about to feel very offended; he was practically a widower, not really, but almost; until he noticed that the Sergeant had handed him a piece of paper with the name, mail address and number of the boy, again, man, he was looking for. He had no idea if he should be grateful or angry at the perceptiveness of the cop so he just nodded, folded the piece of paper and walked out of the office. Outside, reality came crashing down and he realised he was alone, in charge of a daughter, a house, school, a job… He was up to his neck…
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes, always will” John kissed him deeply and pulled him close, only to push him softly and crawling on top of him
“I love you” John whispered and pulled Sherlock close to his chest, kissing the mop of dark, slightly auburn, yet raven-like curls, Sherlock looked up and ice blue met dark blue “I love you” Sherlock breathed out, slowly, savouring the words. They kissed and allowed their bodies to move and do what they now knew they could do; this time it was rushed, frantic, two bodies coming apart together, sliding over one another and falling to the void with muffled cries of their names.
Sherlock snorted “I was the perfect drug until you found her, and after that you settled in what you think would make you happy” Sherlock continued his verbal attack with a low voice too “The moment you realised you needed more, here I was, waiting for you, as always…” He took a deep breath “You had what you needed, the wife for romance and the friend for adrenaline” He laughed a dry sarcastic laugh
He even endured John punching him for coming back, then making him his best man, watching him trying to get off with every woman he saw… but what made him feel the guiltiest was having a romantic relationship with John, entering into an apparently loving relationship with the love of his life…
Hanno's father, Hiram, has several business deals with Malchus. The other, he doesn't recognise, probably one of Malchus' sons.
“I’m proud of you son” Henry patted his back “Sorry for not telling you before” He closed his eyes and took a deep breath “You’re a great man, son” Henry smiled at him, an apologetic smile “I’m sorry for everything” John shook his head but Henry stopped him “I talked with your Mum yesterday” He looked at his wife “she said that if we didn’t get our heads out or our arses we might never see you again” John gave his father a reassuring smile.
“She was cute” Bill shrugged, and before John could say anything else, he added, “and you had fun too, Watson... Captain... never heard anyone scream as much as yours did last night… almost killed my mojo”, Bill snickered.
Their goodbye had been sad; Sherlock left London and went to Oxford for his third year -being a genius, he had finished school by fifteen, just like Eurus and Mycroft and was accepted to Oxford and started his first year before his sixteenth birthday, Molly always admired that capacity of theirs to best everyone- and Molly was left teared eyed, with no one to tell she was to lose her best friend to a baby, that her life had changed after 90 seconds. Molly would text and Sherlock would answer. He told her all about Irene “quite a character” and her girlfriend Kate, she told him about James breaking up with John and John marrying Mary. Sherlock told him about Charles Magnussen and how his lectures fascinated him and Molly had the sad duty to tell him about Victor dating again.
We never saw each other." John mutters, catching his breath once he resurfaces from the memory. I just nod and wander if he looked as beautiful then, that day on the beach, as he looks now.
John looked as Sherlock climbed in the back of a black sedan; he was confused, hurt and wanted some answers. He took his phone out and called Sherlock but went directly to voice mail and he remembered Sherlock turning off his phone when they sat at the restaurant so he didn’t bother to leave a message. Sherlock should call; the sooner the better.
“So” John bit his lower lip and locked gazes with Sherlock’s eyes. “Not going with him tonight?” He tried to smirk but his face was too flushed and he was too excited. Sherlock shook his head and in a rush of adrenaline he pulled John to the dressing room and started kissing him, desperately. He had waited for over two weeks to do that...
“He’s brilliant, an awesome friend, he makes you laugh, he keeps you happy, he has manged the distance, and we know you, you’re desperate to be just with him” Mike wiggled his eyebrows and John blushed, hiding his smile with an annoyed eye roll.
, he thought “I’ve been meaning to contact you since the day I met you” He said in a whisper and Sherlock had to make an effort to hear him over the noise of the coffee machines and the coffee shop patrons.
“Sherlock will tell me when he’s ready” John crossed his arms over his chest “I don’t want to rush him, besides, we’ve been very busy” John took a deep breath.
John reacted first, handed Rosie to Harry and called 999, he entered the room, looked for a pulse and all he could do was stare at the once lively and beautiful face that had smiled at him every morning for the past seven months. John loves Mary, in all honesty, John loved Mary more than she knew and more than he ever admitted; sure, he never found her sexually attractive, and he never was in love with her, but he loved her, deeply; she was his best friend, and he had just lost his best friend.
As soon as Rosie fell asleep, they shared their meal and talked as if the hadn’t talked for months, even though they had talked last night. They kissed like thirsty men in the desert enjoying water for the first time in days and they snuggled close in the bed until they both fell asleep. Rosie woke them up for her night feeding. John couldn’t wait for her to finally sleep through the night, but all the doctors, paediatricians, teachers, everyone, had told him he’ll have to wait at least another two months before she finally slept through the night.
