“That’s awesome,” he exclaimed.
“This is going to be fun.”
“Cas I could never say that your scars are ugly because they aren’t. Nothing about you is. I am fucked up too and when I am with you, I don’t think that I am worthless or not good enough. I feel like I am good at something without screwing it up. I feel like everyone I’ve ever loved, I let down or fucked it up. For the first time ever, I am truly happy with someone, like we were always meant to be. Sorry, that sounded really sappy, I’m sorry-  .” Cas reached out and captured Dean’s lips with his, pulling him into a passionate kiss. Dean’s tongue plunged into Castiel’s mouth when he parted his lips and for a few moments, they just stayed like this, kissing each other.
“Gabriel, what are you doing here?” Dean asked not sounding that happy. Gabe shrugged and flopped down on a chair.
Sitting on Dean’s bed, the two boys were looking through the photo album Cas had gotten yesterday. The doorbell rang when they were laughing over a picture of Castiel squinting at the sun. Dean opened the door, letting the couple enter after hugging both of them.
“Then what are we waiting for, let’s go.” Gabe strode past an annoyed Cas and towards the rooms. Cas followed him and opened their room door with his key.
“Really?” Dean asked surprised, his eyes wrinkling as he smiled at Castiel. The other boy just smiled eagerly before flopping down on the bed, opening the box and preparing the game. Dean joined him on the bed and soon they were engaged in the game.
“How much did you drink?” he asked again softly.
and so they selected the first movie. As Bilbo went started his adventure they drifted to sleep, both exhausted from their lack of sleep.
“Hello brothers,” Lucifer said with a smirk on his lips.
"I..Uhm...was just trying to be nice, I mean he's new here after all," he said with a slight blush. Cas couldn't help the small smile when he saw Dean get all flustered, it was cute.
“Because I thought that you were not interested in men, let alone in me.” He admitted shyly. Dean couldn’t help the chuckle.
"Oh, little brother you don't have anything". Dean tensed up next to him and made a small step forward, fixing Lucifer with his eyes.
Cas knew what he was referring to; The incident that had just happened an hour ago. Without saying anything he reached out and pulled Dean closer, laying his head against Dean’s shoulder.
“I’m so proud of you Cas,” he said as his eyes locked with Castiel’s.
“Anyways we want to invite you to your New Years party at my place,” the redhead announced.
“Yea?”
“But what Mr.Novak. You just confessed that you badly injured my client and we have proof for that as well” Gabe said his anger rising as he the pictures of Castiel’S lower back, and the ugly scar, were shown.
to be part of the LGBTQA+ community. I always ignored him because well he’s a dick but today was enough. Insulting my friends? That was too much,” Jo concluded, letting herself fall back into the chair.
“Cas?” he asked and when Cas didn’t respond he shifted so that his face was only inches away from Castiel’s.
. He knew immediately that it was the guy from the library. Dean didn't respond right away since he didn't want to look desperate so he grabbed something to eat and watched his favorite show, his guilty pleasure,
Please don't hate their stubborness in this chapter. Things will turn out fine but not without some drama first.
The dinner went by quickly, except when Dean had put salt into his water when Cas had gone to the bathroom. Cas didn’t suspect anything when he took a big sip from his glass, though he immediately regretted it. He coughed as he swallowed, trying not to raise too much attention to them. When he looked back at Dean, he was snickering, having a hard time suppressing his laughter.
“How did you know I wanted to learn how to play the piano?” his brother had asked.
Now it was Dean’s turn and he could see his hand shake as he took the ring into his hand.“And Dean, please place the ring on Castiel’s left hand and repeat after me.” Castiel locked eyes with Dean who looked at him with pure love as he spoke the following words.
Dean helped Castiel clean up the kitchen and then they went into Castiel’s bedroom, laying down on the floor on their backs. They just stared at the ceiling when the clock on Castiel’s nightstand made a sound, letting them know that it was past midnight. Dean let out a relieved sigh, turning towards Castiel.
Castiel didn't know how long they had been driving but the car suddenly came to a halt. Dean almost jumped out of the car and ran to the passenger’s side. He tore the door open and again, carried Castiel in his arms. It was now even harder to stay conscious. His eyes fluttered shut but he fought with himself and he was able to open them again. They entered a house and he was laid down onto something soft, probably a bed, he thought but he couldn't register it. "Can I pass out now Dean" he asked. Silence, then from what sounded like far away, a soft
“Is Sammykins here too?” Cas rolled his eyes but nodded.
Back at home, they sat on the front porch and talked and laughed for some time. "So you burned a pot of rice and then gave the burned rice to your brother" Dean asked amused. "Hey I was seven but yea I did and it was awesome" Cas said laughing at the memory. "Yea my dad was almost never at home so I had to take care of Sammy who meant I had to cook for him and when I messed it up, I cooked something else, even if I had nothing to eat that night." While he said that, Dean's face became serious. "Oh I didn't know but why did your father leave you alone. Did he have to go to work"? Dean laughed at that. "Yea work. I wish, he was drinking at some shitty bar or something like that." Cas laid his hand on Dean's shoulder but didn't speak. "Anyway, there was this one kid at school that was bullying some nerd and I came up to him and punched him in the face. I was ten by the way" They both laughed at that and they soon continued their conversation. The sun was beginning to rise and they both ended up on the couch, Cas curled up in Dean's arms, head lying on his chest. It was one of the first night Cas slept without having a nightmare. He dreamt about Dean and if they would ever be able to live a normal live and visit their families without having to lie about their sexuality.
"You're right. What did my brother say to you?" Cas asked a bit curiously. Dean's smile widened.
This chapter is the climax of my story where everything will be decided...
“Cas could you give us a minute?” his brother asked suddenly which made Cas raise his head and looked first at him and then at Dean, who gave him an encouraging nod. Castiel left the living room and went to the kitchen, sitting down on one of the chairs, again, staring at his hands. What if hey lost and the only thing they achieved was that his family hated him even more than they already did. If they won that would mean that his siblings had to live with their mother or they would be forced to go to foster families and Cas didn’t want either of these options for his younger brothers. He had only thought about his own benefit from this story and not about anybody else. God, he was so selfish!
“Gabe won the custody battle and now Michael and Rafael are gonna live with him until they are 18,” he stated happily. Dean started grinning as well.
“More than anything, Cas.” He confessed. Cas sighed relieved, smiling at Dean. Before he could lean in again, the lights started to flicker and the room got colder.
Cas rolled his eyes before he showed the message to Dean.
“We are supposed to go to room 257 and we don’t know where that is,” Cas said shyly.
“CAS!” Came Dean’s voice the next morning. Cas was just in the shower when that deep voice all but growled his name. He stiffened before quickly rinsing out the soap suds and turning off the water.
“For what?” he asked confused.
“It says here that a Ms Hoffman took over. We could pay her a visit tomorrow too since we’re gonna be at the bar.”
"You can go but your brother stays". Cas glanced at Sam, who was standing next to him and saw the younger Winchesters body tighten.
Once dressed he returned to the library his mood still not great.
“What is it?” Dean asked, excitement in his voice.
“I was having a conversation with Jake here.” He said, indicating to the man who was regarding him curiously, if slightly irritated.
“Charlie, we’re heading out again.” He said and she paused the game, looking at him confused.
Castiel woke up at 4 am and saw that Dean wasn't next to him and Cas started panicking. Where was Dean, why wasn't he there, did anything happen to him. Cas started to freak out and decided to get some fresh air. He put on a hoodie and walked downstairs. He saw that the light in the kitchen was on and so he walked towards it. Dean was standing in front of the fridge. Cas sighted in relieve but didn't approach. He cleared his throat and Dean's head shot towards him. He could see the momentary shock in his eyes before they softened and he closed the door of the fridge. "what are you doing up so late" Cas asked and approached him. "Nothing I couldn't sleep that's all" Dean said not looking at Cas. Castiel could see that he was lying because he wasn't looking at him. "Dean you know I can tell when you are lying, right," Cas said and cupped his face. "What is going on". Dean didn't say anything at first but then sighted. "My father is coming back tomorrow and I am concerned about it" Dean admitted and sat leaned against the counter. "Don't worry Dean, everything will be fine. I am here for you. I will never leave you" Cas pressed a kiss to his lips and then to his forehead. "I love you, you know that," Dean said with a light smile and kissed Cas again. It was a soft kiss. "I know. Let's go to bed now, I am tired and I don't want to sleep in until 3 pm again" Cas said dragging Dean behind him by his wrist. "I thought you liked those days. And either way, we have a few free days left, we need to enjoy them". "I know but I want to study a bit tomorrow morning". They were now inside Dean's room again and both of them walked towards the bed, falling onto it. Cas pulled Dean into his arms and rested his chin on Dean's head. "Everything will be fine," he said quietly before falling asleep.
“You ready?” he asked happily. Cas nodded leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips. The green-eyed boy turned up the volume of the radio slightly,
which was about his abusive past and also about the time he had met Dean. He changed the names and a few other things but tried to keep it as real as possible. Garth had also given him the coffee shop after he decided to live with his girlfriend. Dean had opened up his own garage together with Ash. It was called
I hope you like this chapter. It is a long one so grab something to drink and enjoy it ;)
“What did you do?” Cas asked, taking another bite from his pancake.
"Well Dean-o over here seems to like you if he leaves me alone, so sit with you," he said with a smirk. Dean almost choked on his water.
Song: wonderwall by Oasis
“When do you want to?” he asked gently.
“No it’s fine. Sorry I was just thinking.” Forcing a smile, he stood up and pressed a kiss to Dean’s lips.
Hey guys, again sorry that I haven't posted in so long but with this whole virus I didn't have time.
“That sucks. My father was never a big traveler either, especially after mom died but we went on a few trips with Bobby in the summer, when dad would disappear for sometimes weeks and Bobby didn’t want us to be alone,” he said looking into Castiel’s blue orbs, “now that we are together I’ll travel with you, wherever you want to go. I promise.”
They drove for a few minutes in silence until Cas spoke up
So this chapter has a lot of fluff in it. Enjoy
“It’s nice to meet you, Dean. I’m Jake.” He bit his lip and ran a hand through his hair.
“How much did you drink?” Cas asked concerned. He probably interrupted Dean’s train of thoughts because he looked at him with a questioning look.
“Close your eyes,” he said demandingly. Cas did as he was told but couldn’t hold back the comment.
Dean didn't say anything. He knew that Cas would talk to him eventually and he wasn't wrong. After some more minutes had passed Cas whispered almost not audible, "What if we lose?". Dean shifted slightly.
“This is gorgeous Dean.” Castiel’s hand reached out wrapping itself around Dean’s red tie, pulling him closer and crushing their lips together. Castiel’s other hand combing through his hair, while Dean’s hands were on his hips, pulling him even closer. Soon they were both only in their slacks, laying in bed, Dean over Cas, kissing him passionately. The green-eyed boy was lowering his head, now pressing kisses against Castiel’s neck, sucking at the skin there, drawing a soft moan out of Castiel. Cas was so lost in this sensation he never wanted this to stop and he knew he could never get tired of kissing Dean.
and some others. The desk which was always a little messy. His bookcase, full with old books about myths and legends. Some poetry was also stuck between the thick books but Dean had told him that he hadn't read them yet. The pictures on his nightstand of him and Sam and one of his mother. There was not one picture of his father.
Dean reminded himself.
“You really have to learn not to get carried away and now continue studying please because otherwise, you’ll regret it later. We can continue later if you want”. Cas was amazed at Dean’s determination and after one last soft kiss, he actually continued because he knew Dean was right. They could continue later.
“My father when he found out I was gay.” Castiel’s voice only a whisper, breaking at the last words. Dean didn’t say anything but soon Cas felt soft lips tracing the faded wound. Dean’s fingers wandered further down and stopped at the other big scar at his lower abdomen, the scar Lucifer had put there a few months ago. He traced over this one as well before his hands wandered up to his sides and over his arms. They spent the next hour admiring each others body, leaving soft kisses everywhere.
“What?”
“Hey is everything alright?” he asked concerned. Dean turned around to face him, a smile on his lips that didn’t quite reach his eyes.
Castiel, now visibly shaking and crying, fell on his knees and tried to fix the violin, hands shaking. Dean ran towards him, fell on his knees as well, and embraced Castiel His hand was stroking his back and he was lightly rocking him. After some time Castiel had calmed down enough that he could talk. "I am so dead. Why. Lucifer is going to be pissed and now nobody can stop him from..." Castiel said between sobs. "from doing it all again because there will be nobody who is going to believe me. There never was. I destroyed his favorite violin. My grandma had given it to him and it is the only thing he has from her. I am dead." "Nobody is going to harm you Cas. We will buy a new one." Dean said reassuring. "No you don't understand. He will know that it is a new one" Castiel continued, sobbing. „We will figure it out" Dean said hugging him a little bit tighter. „Dean..." Cas said, half asleep from exhaustion. "Yes Cas." Dean said with a soft voice. "I am sorry" "You don't have to be sorry. Everything will be fine. You'll see." "Everything will be fine" Cas repeated before drifting into a dreamless sleep.
Everybody has the worst timing...
“Yes I didn’t help him because it wasn’t my place to say or do something,” he said confidently. Castiel’s hands started sweating as he heard his brothers words.
, which Castiel already loved since he wanted to become an author one day. On his way his eyes looked over the beautiful campus. The big University building the trees that were covering half the ground and the hundreds of students chatting and laughing. His gaze stopped at one guy. He was tall, with wide shoulders, with dirty-blonde hair and freckles, which were only highlighting his eyes. Those beautiful jade green eyes Castiel could stare into forever. After what felt like ages, he pulled his gaze from the beautiful guy, mostly to not look like a creep.
Dean moaned especially loud when Cas kissed the crook of his neck, which made Castiel suck at it harder, drawing another moan from the man beneath him. Hands were lightly scratching over the blue-eyed boys back, leaving red marks. Castiel suddenly felt the mattress underneath him before he realised that Dean had flipped them over again. Dean continued to trail kisses down Castiel’s chest until he had settled between his legs, hands wandering to the hem of the blue-eyed boys pants. Green eyes met blue, asking for permission. Cas nodded before lifting his hips in order to help Dean get his trousers off. With only slight hesitation Castiel’s pants landed on the ground.
"Cas... I am so sorry. I didn't know. How could they do this to you and how could you come back here and pretend everything is fine." Cas didn't say anything. He just sat there, overwhelmed by all the memories he had just brought up. Dean's hand went to his chin and lightly pushed his head up, until blue eyes met green. Dean leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss onto Castiel's lips. Cas gave in and that kiss said everything he didn't want to say. Everything he was to afraid to say. All the tears and the pain. They pulled away and a sad smile formed on Castiel's lips.
Cas pulled away and looked at Dean who automatically looked a little shocked and tried to apologize "Cas... I am sorry. I wasn't thinking. I got carried away...", he rambled but Cas cut him off.
He didn't sleep well last night. The nightmares kept him awake. The nightmares he always had before he visited his family. The ones that were memories he had tried to hide in the back of his mind. The next day went by pretty blurry. He hadn't paid any attention at the lessons and at lunch he hadn't eaten. He had no lessons after that so he waited for Dean to finish his classes and then they went to Dean’s apartment. It wasn't very big but it was enough for two people. It was simple, nothing fancy. They were lying on Dean’s bed facing each other. Castiel loved Dean’s room. The poster from his favorite bands such as
When they stopped kissing this time, they were both panting heavily, ready to take this back home and celebrate.
When Dean finally pulled away, Cas let out a disappointed groan.
“If you don’t want to do this we can stop at any time. You just have to tell me. I won’t be mad at you or something,” Dean told him sincerely.
he didn’t know how to express. He may be a good writer but when it came down to it, he was
The rest of the day, they spent walking around in the city and visiting some of Castiel's favorite paces. When they arrived at Castiel's home, it was 5pm. Dean turned the Impala's engine off and that looked at Cas, who had been very quite at their ride back. "Hey everything will be fine. Trust me. I am here now and you don't have tow worry anymore" Dean said Taking Castiel's hand and kissing it. Castiel relaxed and before they exited the car, Cas gave Dean a quick kiss. As they entered the house and went to the living room, five pairs of eyes landed on them. More precisely on Dean. Cas glanced at Dean, who was standing there, back straight and a grin on his face. "Mom, dad, this is Dean. He is a friend of mine." Cas said. "Hey, happy to meet you" Dean said. Cas could see that his family didn't approve of Dean. The man next to him, was wearing black jeans which was ripped at the knees and at several other parts. He was wearing a black Led Zeppelin shirt, with their logo, the naked angel, on it. On top of it he had a black and red flannel shirt. Cas loved Dean's style but clearly his family didn't. Dean had noticed and his smile grew even bigger.
“It’s just that I don’t want to hurt you and I know how scary this can be, for God’s sake, I’m afraid as well and…” he trailed of.
Hope you enjoy this chapter.
above all else,
He left the room with a good feeling in his stomach. He thought that it went pretty well and as long as his grade was enough to pass the class, he didn't really care. The next few days passed by quickly. He spent a lot of time with Dean but also with Anna and she introduced him to Crowley. Cas liked him even though he thought that he was a little bit arrogant and he had a lot of sass but as long as he made Anna happy, it was fine. On Saturday, Cas was going to spend the night at Dean's place, since Sam wasn't there. Dean had decided to drive Sam to one of his friends, Kevin. Since Cas wasn't really in the mood to go with them, he stayed at the Winchester's apartment. He was sitting on Dean's bed when he started thinking about the past few weeks and especially his brother. Without realizing it he had pulled his sleeve up and was looking at the faint scars that covered his arm. He went over them with a finger, feeling the uneven skin underneath his hand. He started crying and pulled his knees up to his body, with his arms around them. He was afraid of what would happen at the trial if it even got to one and then he remembered that they didn't even have a lawyer to defend them. He thought how horrible it would be if he lost and what satisfaction that would give his family. He didn't want that and theoretically, he knew that he could do something about it but his mind was racing and didn't let him think properly. Cas was still crying, he had no idea how much time had passed when he heard a knock on the door and then the door was slowly pushed open. Cas knew who it was and he didn't even look up when Dean sat next to him and pulled him into a tight hug, running his fingers through Castiel's messy hair.
“What do you mean by
In this chapter we learn more about Castiel's childhood. Tell me if you like learning about their past. I'll probably write some more flashbacks from Cas's but also Dean's past in the future.
The moment she finished talking, Cas leaned forward, pressing his lips against Dean’s. He could feel the tears run down the other man's face as they trailed down and between their lips. He didn’t mind that at all and instead continued, Dean smiling against Castiel’s lips. He wanted to deepen the kiss even more, until he remembered where they were. So he reluctantly pulled away, face only inches away from his husband.
drag her into danger.
It took Dean only a few seconds before he came into the condom, almost screaming Castiel’s name.
Sorry guys it took me so long to update but I had a lot to do with school and everything.
I'm sorry I haven't updated in over a month. I have NOT abandoned this story.
“Oh shut up,” Cas said back, putting the steaming cup of coffee back onto the table. Dean laughed harder at that, caressing Castiel’s hand with his thumb.
“Hello, agent D. Ehart?” Dean asked when his phone rang the next day. Cas looked at him with a quirked brow, sitting up straighter as he saw Dean talking, his eyes filling with a bit of hope.
“No fucking way..” Dean exclaimed, jumping to his feet and hugging all of them with a lot of energy and enthusiasm. Cas hugged them as well, thanking all of them. After everyone got their presents, they stayed in the living room, drinking alcohol, Dean had allowed Sam to drink a little as well, only beer though, and playing board games like Monopoly and Uno. Gabriel won Monopoly and Bobby and Sam both won three rounds of Uno.
“Hello there,” The stranger smiled. Dean looked over and saw a man with tousled brown locks and brown eyes next to him. He had to say he was rather handsome and Dean smiled right back.
“I’ve gotta go. I promised Sammy I would pick him up,” Dean said before standing up. Cas grabbed his wrist though, pulling him back onto the couch.
“Of course we did.” He grinned and handed Dean a paper cup filled with the dark brown liquid.
“Yeah?”
“Cas, hey. What are you doing here?” *He asked with a raised brow, clearly not happy that Cas had interrupted them. Cas looked at the man before he turned back to Dean.
“What happened?”
Fanart by unknown
“Thanks, Cas. I don’t know what to say. I want to take you to dinner for helping my brother,” he suddenly suggested. Castiel’s eyes widened slightly.
“How are you doing?” he asked.
“It’s great,” he exclaimed. They finished their soup and then Dean pulled out a few other containers with meat, rice and baked potatoes. They ate the meal as well, Cas praising Dean’s cooking skills, as they talked casually about everything that came to their mind.
“Yea me too. We definitely have to go out and have dinner with them at some point.” Dean nodded agreeing.
This is my first ever fanfic and I knoe its short but its just a test so please don't be too mean in the comments.
“Thanks, Cas.”
“No, I’m not risking getting you hurt.” He adamantly stated, crossing his arms over his chest. Charlie was like a sister to him and he would
The judge entered the room and requested for them to take a seat. Dean wanted to sit next to Cas, but he wasn't allowed to so he pressed a quick kiss onto Castiel's lips before taking his seat in the front row. Cas was nervous. His heartbeat slowly but surely increased and his hands started to get sweaty. His stomach tightened. The hearing passed quicker than he would have expected. The beginning of the trial wasn’t really that special but when the two lawyers had to present their facts that’s when Castiel was amazed by his big brother.
“Dean you don’t have to pay,” Cas said reaching out and stopping Dean from pulling out his money by laying his hand on his arm.
. He had won, though only through luck because when they decided to go home, Dean and Benny had to almost drag him to the Impala.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice spoke on the other end of the line.
Cas told Dean about all the memories he had here and some fun facts about the park. They sat down at a bench. "Cas what happened to your jaw and your hand?" Dean asked, concern in his eyes. There is was, the question Castiel dreaded to answer. "Nothing" he said, not looking at Dean. Dean's hand took his and his other went to Castiel's face and turned it so that he was now facing the other man. "Cas who did this to you"? "Nobody" Cas lied but Dean wasn’t happy with that answer. "Cas please, don't lie to me. Who did this to you"? Tears formed behind his eyelids and started flowing as he told Dean what had happened. Dean listened and Cas could see the anger growing inside of him. When Cas had finished, Dean embraced him tightly. After some time, Cas had calmed down enough that he wasn't crying anymore. "Soy our brother Lucifer did this to you?" Cas nodded. Dean stood up and walked a few steps away from Cas, his hands were clenching into fists. Cas stood up as well and walked up to him. "I'm gonna kill him" Dean said. "Please Dean, don't." "Cas he is bullying you and I'm not gonna let that happen again." Castiel took Dean's hands into his, which made Dean look down at him. Green eyes met blue. "Dean please. I don't want to make things worse than they already are and even if you tell them ,they won't believe you. They don't want to" Cas said, voice soothing. "Do it for me, please" That was it. Dean relaxed and he promised he wouldn't do anything.
he shook his head mentally. He really had to keep it together.
“So you just took your chance?”
“Yeah, I guess so.” Cas seemed almost relieved and followed Dean outside and to the Impala, sitting shotgun as always.
"About a lawsuit".
“That’s awesome,” the older boy exclaimed before taking Castiel’s hand and walking into the living room to greet the others. Dean sat down next to his boyfriend, taking a sip from his beer.
“And Dean, do you take Castiel to be your husband? Do you promise to love, honor, cherish, and protect him, forsaking all others, and holding only unto him forevermore?” she asked the other man. Dean turned towards Cas, a grin on his face.
Cas meets one of Dean's friends.
Cas and Dean have dinner. It turns out they have a few things in common...
Castiel was walking to his first class at University. The class was called
“Yes,” Cas whispered back and then took the hem of his shirt and started pulling it up, discarding it to the floor. He wanted to cover himself up because of his scars but resisted the urge. He hated them so fucking much. Dean just marveled over his chest and arms for a few moments. He slowly reached out his hand but stopped only inches away from Castiel’s chest.
“We’re almost there anyway. Why not tell me?” He asked hopeful but Dean shook his head.
“Gonna go get some lunch,” Dean said casually.
“So are you still coming tomorrow?”
A knock on the door brought him back to reality.
I hope you like it. A bit of fluff before things get a bit angsty...
Cas reached out a hand and touched the side of Dean’s face, the other man leaning into the touch. “No, I am not mad at you”.
He walked home after some time and made a quick stop at the supermarket to grab some vegetables and also some meat since he had none at home anymore. He suddenly had an idea and so after paying for his food, he decided to go to a nearby boutique to get something for Dean. While passing through the rackets of clothes he stopped in front of the tie-section. He spent some time looking for the right one until he found the perfect one. It was a plain, dark, apple-green tie, which had the same color as Dean’s eyes. He went to the checkout and had it wrapped up as a gift. He knew that they didn’t really give each other gifts but he just needed to buy it. He hadn’t heard anything of Dean yet but he wasn’t thinking about it too much because it wouldn’t do him any good. He parked his car outside of his house and then entered his apartment. He put everything away and then sat on the couch and decided to watch Love Simon for the fourth time.
“I would like to call Mr. Novak to the stand,” Gabriel said, face serious. Castiel’s father took the seat at the front of the room.
The road so far has been hard for Castiel and Dean but now it's all over and they are finally able to live in peace...
“So how drunk was I last night?” a blush creeping up his face.
And thank you guys for 500 reads. You are awesome
“Morning sunshine,” Dean greeted and put his book and the food next to him, as Cas approached. The green-eyed boy stood up, pulling the other boy closer by putting a hand on his waist before leaning down and pressing a kiss to his lips.
“Can’t I just plan a nice date for my boyfriend?” He questioned, hoping Cas would not ask further questions but he should have known that this wouldn’t be happening.
“Hey, it’s fine. I’m not mad at you if that’s what you think. I know how hard this must be for you because even though they are behaving like assholes towards you, they are still family…” Dean said, sadness filling his beautiful green eyes.
,” Dean told him, trying again to stand up but Cas just pulled him back, pressing their lips together. The other boy responded quickly, leaning into the kiss, his hands on Castiel’s neck, drawing his even closer, their bodies pressed flush against one another. Castiel’s tongue plunging into Dean’s mouth, making the other man moan in response.
“So what’s so funny?” he asked again.
“Are you sure?” he asked again and Cas just groaned annoyed.
“Dean… you might not believe me when I say that I fell for you the moment I rescued you from hell and rebuild your soul, but I did. You are the most beautiful person I ever had the privilege of knowing and I can’t imagine my life without you.” He opened the box to reveal a silver ring as well with an intricate muster etched into it. Although what caught Dean’s attention was that it didn’t have a stone in it; instead a blue-ish light was flowing through it.
It was his first week at Kansan University and Castiel Novak had already a crush on the new guy. Castiel was a smart guy, with beautiful blue eyes and dark hair. He was never an outgoing person and the fact that he used to be bullied in school because of his sexuality, didn't help either. He never had many friends. His only friend was Anna Milton. She was a nice girl, with long red hair. Anna was the only one who knew about Castiel's secret and he would like it to stay that way.
Taking the photos didn’t take as long as he thought it would. First, the woman took a picture from his chest and then she asked him to turn around so that she could take one of his back. She then proceeded to take more specific photos; from the self-harm scars on his arms, white and mostly faded. He hadn’t cut in months. Next some smaller ones on his stomach, and then the two big ones on his back. The bigger one, from his father, was still a little bit red at the edges. Cas could still feel it when he moved certain ways. The fresher one still hurt a little, but it was already fading away slightly, thanks to Ellen and Bobby. After 20 minutes they were finished and Cas could finally put his shirt back on, he thanked the woman before leaving the room.
Castiel was fast asleep, when his phone started ringing. He opened his eyes, searching for his phone sleepily, his eyes trying to adjust to the brightness of his screen.
“Are you okay?” he asked back.
“I think our brothers just kissed,” Cas answered plainly, just as confused. Deam rolled his eyes.
Cas quickly changed into his outfit for tonight; a black suit with a white button up and a blue tie. He was trying to tame his messy hair when Dean entered the room, fully clothed. He was wearing a dark blue suit, with a white button up shirt underneath and a dark red tie. Cas turned around to him, a bright smile on his face.
When school was over Castiel tried to get out of the building before his bullies saw him. He was already halfway across the campus when he saw the group of teenagers strode his way. He knew turning around and trying to run wouldn't do him any good, they would catch up to him eventually. "Look who we have here" Gordon said, a cocky smile on his lips. They formed a circle around Castiel so that he had no chance of running away. "You know the drill, don't you, faggot?" Bella said her British voice sounding cruel and murderous. Cas nodded. A fist hit his jaw again and the pain from this morning intensified. Each of them took turns in hitting Castiel in various places until he was lying on the ground and blood running out of his nose and mouth. They didn't stop though and continued to kick him. Only after what felt like an eternity they finally stopped. At this point, Castiel was coughing, the blood in his mouth had mixed with the dirt on the ground. Tears were running down his face and his body was acheing everywhere. "See you on Monday, freaking faggot" one of them said as they walked away. Castiel hated them. He hated his school and his parents and he hated the teachers. How could they let something like this happen to a sixteen year old child. He laid there for several minutes before he felt ready and able to stand up. Standing on his feet hurt and every step he took caused his body to burn from the pain. He didn't stop though. As he walked past the school gates and made his way home, he was his brother Lucifer standing next to some boys and watching Castiel with a satisfied grin on his face. Castile’s older brother was as bad as his bullies, not to say even worse. He abused Castiel mentally and physically and he never interfered when someone was beating the shit out of his little brother. No, he
He threw up into the bathroom sink. Tears were running down his face and his body was slightly trembling. He looked at his reflection in the mirror. The punch had left him with a burse at his jaw which was now a deep red. He got the tweezer from one of the drawers and then he sat on the edge of the bathtub and started pulling out the glass. It hurt like hell and he wanted to scream with every piece he pulled out but he didn't. When he had pulled out everyone of them, he took a quick shower and after that bandaged his injured hand, after cleaning the wounds. He put on a jeans and a comfy sweater and went to his room. It was almost 10am which meant that Dean would be here any minute.
Dean parked the Impala in front of the older Novak’s house and they all exited, quickly walking to the front door. Gabriel, Raphael and Michael greeted them happily, leading the three boys into the kitchen, where Bobby and Ellen where already seated, drinking a glass of wine each. Cas sat down next to Dean and Raphael, pouring himself, and Dean, a glass of wine as well.
“Dean why are you so mean to your brother?” Cas asked, smiling a little himself.
When Cas woke up again, Dean was still next to him. He looked up at the man next to him and smiled. He was really happy. Dean's eyes opened and now they were looking into each other’s eyes. "Morning sunshine" Dean said. "How are you feeling today". "I don't know. It still hurts a lot when I move" Cas admitted. "Well then don't move" Dean suggested. "Can I ask you something" Cas said, voice unsure. "Always". Castiel thought about his question a little before he asked "So...um...did you patch me up all by yourself". Dean smirked a little. "Not exactly. I mean I clean your wound and everything but Bobby and Ellen did most of the hard work, like the stitching" Dean said, face blushing slightly. before Castiel could say something, the door opened and two people entered the room. A man and a woman in their mid fifties entered the room and approached them. "So you must be Castiel" the woman said and Cas nodded. "I am Ellen and this is Bobby. We are the ones who practically saved your life". Cas looked at them for a moment before thanking them, his cheeks blushing a little. "How are you feeling son" the man asked. "I think I am fine I guess. I don't know I haven't been stabbed before" Cas said trying to sound somewhat happy. "Well we don't get to fix people up that often anymore. You see Bobby and I were surgeons but we don't work anymore. We only do small stuff like fix Dean or his brother after they got into a fight or something. But we haven’t stitched anyone up lately. I am surprised Dean didn't bring you to a hospital. You really have to be someone special..." Ellen trailed off and Cas looked at Dean who was looking uncomfortable, cheeks hot. "Yea well, why don't you get a shower and I'll look at the wound" Bobby suggested nodding towards Dean. Dean got up and pressed a soft kiss onto Castiel's forehead before disappearing into the hallway, closely followed by Ellen.
“I won’t tell you Cas.” Dean started smiling when he looked over and saw Cas trying to make his best puppy face.
Dean just came back from preparing everything and walked into his and Cas’ room to find Cas running a hand through his hair in an attempt to style it. Dean smiled softly and walked up behind him, running a hand through his hair, ruffling it up.
written underneath it. He looked up and to his surprise he saw the cute guy from campus smiling at him. This couldn't be happening. This had to be a joke. Castiel looked around and was expecting someone filming his reaction to put it online. But there was no one except for the attractive stranger sitting only a table away from him.
“Thank you, this so perfect.” He said over and over again, pecking kisses all over his face with childish joy.
“No further questions your honor,” Gabe said and their mother took her seat next to Mr. Novak. His brother faces the judge again.
They stayed at Castiel's room, listening to their playlist and flipping through an old photo album, Dean had found. They laughed at all the embracing and cute pictures of Cas as a baby. Everything was fine and Castiel could forget about his brother and all of his problems. He loved those small moments of happiness, even though he knew they would go away and pain would take over. Dean had fallen asleep on his bed and Cas took the opportunity to write down a poem. He hadn't done that in a very long time and it always relaxed him. He pulled out his notebook and started scribbling down some words. He was almost finished when he felt Dean shift next to him. "What are you doing" Dean asked. "Nothing" Cas answered and put his journal back underneath his pillow.
Hey guys I am sorry it took me so long to update but I had finals this week and so I had no time to write.
This is a chapter with some fluff in it. Hope you like it.
She begged but he declined promising to do it again in the holidays. Castiel really wanted to go but he had to hand in four essays at the end of the week and he hadn’t started yet so he couldn’t allow himself to go out.
Dean looked at him not believing what his brother had just asked him. “No” was his only reply before entering the car. Sam probably knew that there would be no use in arguing with Dean and so he went to the back an entered the car. Dean grunted when he sat down.
“You are beautiful as well,” Cas said and his smile widened. Dean continued tracing his skin and soon he shifted so that he was sitting behind Castiel, his fingers gliding over his shoulders and down his back. His hand stopped at the big scar on his back, soft fingers touching it lightly.
“An answer would be nice, Cas.” He chuckled nervously and apparently that’s what got Cas out of his stupor. The next thing he knew, he had his arms full of angel, being kissed everywhere Cas could reach.
I know it's a little short but the next ones are gonna be very long, so thats why I decided to write a shorter one this time.
Winchester_destiel
“Damn it! At least we can go check out that bar.” He suggested. “But tomorrow, I need some sleep. And food.”
"Cas, stop. Please don't think about that. Don't let his words get to you. We won't lose. The jury will make the right decision and Gabriel and I will do everything in our power to help you". Dean took Castiel's hand back into his and kissed the back of it softly, certainty in his green eyes.
“Yes, of course.” He grinned, looking down at Cas. “but...what exactly is the stone in it? I don’t think I’ve ever seen it.” He asked curiously as Cas straightened up enough to slide the ring onto Dean’s finger.
“Dean I really need to study again”. Dean pressed a kiss to his neck and Cas tilted his head to give Dean more access. The other man chuckled against his skin
“I’m fine.” He grumbled and downed the last of his own beer.
“Hey I’m Benny, Dean’s best friend since kindergarten,” he stated.
“Sheriff just called, said that he found the file we were looking for. Send it to me. Sammy, can you pull it up?” Dean asked his brother who was typing on his laptop. Sam nodded and pulled up the file. He skimmed it with his eyes before he apparently found what they were looking for.
In this chapter, we see how Castiel's first trial goes...
“I don wanna go to bed yet,” Cas slurred, still too much alcohol running through his veins to think straight. (the two glasses of whiskey he had all but drowned while they played didn’t help either).
Hey guys,
“You can’t ruin anything. It’s perfect and I’m sure that whatever you’ll say will make it even better.” He told him honestly. Dean huffed, cleared his throat and then asked.
“Alright, you said we leave in thirty?” He asked and Dean nodded. Sam turned and left, leaving Cas and Dean alone again.
“We have a reservation under the name Novak,” Castiel told her.
He took a deep breath before exiting the car and joining Dean who was waiting for him, taking his hand as soon as he was near enough to grab it. The two boys walked up to the reception, where a friendly man greeted them.
They all settled down on the couch and the armchairs before any of them spoke.
“Dean don’t. You don’t have to apologize. I know how hard this day is for you”.
“Nothing,” he said as he pulled away. Cas raised an eyebrow at that but Dean just changed the topic.
They stayed outside for another hour before it got too cold to stay on the porch anymore. Dean went upstairs to change into one of Castiel’s hoodies and then came back down. Cas had decided to make breakfast for both of them. Dean sat down onto his sofa, staring into space. Cas finished making breakfast, some sandwiches, and coffee and sat down next to him.
At the cafe, they both ordered a coffee and some scrambled eggs with bacon. „So Sammy was very happy to be home again and see his old friends." Dean said while they waited for their food. "That sounds great. You told me that Sam lives with you?" Cas asked. "Yea he does. He somehow got a scholarship for that High School, don't ask me how, and after I got accepted at college, we moved there together." They food arrived and after that they didn't talk much. Cas was in his own thought and didn't realize that Dean was calling his name. " Cas?... Cas?". "Yea?" Cas said confused. "What is going on?" the other man asked concerned. "Nothing. I'm fine." They exited the shop and went to the park, to take a walk.
“Is it true that when your brother was abused in school you didn’t do anything to help him, even when you saw it and if so why?” Gabe asked his face stone cold.
,” Castiel concluded taking another sip. Gabe let out an amused huff of air.
“Of course I am. I’ve never been anywhere else except for the towns near Kansas. My parents never allowed me to travel much and they didn’t either so I haven’t seen a lot of the world, yet,” Cas said, the slightest bit of melancholy in his voice.
When he woke up again, his head was acheing. He tried to open his eyes but the light was too bright. He tried to move but everything hurt. Castiel's throat felt dry. He wasn't able to speak and when he tried to, the only thing that happened was that a strangled sound escaped his mouth. He drifted back into sleep.
Dean started the engine, pulling out of Gabriel’s driveway.
“Hey, whoa I didn’t mean to scare you,” Dean said, a smile on his face. Cas blinked at him before talking,
Upon entering all eyes looked at him; some with curiosity and some with confusion. The teacher turned towards him, a fake smile on her lips.
" from Dean. Suddenly a feeling of safety swepped through his body. He breathed in Dean's scent and after he stood in his room without doing anything for some time, he left his room and went to the kitchen.
with this ring, I thee wed,” Dean concluded, not letting go of Castiel’s hand immediately and just staring into his eyes. The officiant’s voice made both men look at her.
“You don’t have to thank me Castiel. I’m your brother and I would have done more if I could,” he admitted. Cas searched for a trace of dishonesty in his brothers eyes but there was nothing else except truth and loyalty.
Just a tipical day in their life with some tequila shots...
“Yes I did,” Mr. Novak confessed, face stone cold.
“Am I?” he asked a smirk on his face. When the blue-eyed boy finally freed himself out of Dean’s hug, he put his hand into the bag of flour and pressed it against Dean’s upper arm, leaving a handprint there.
“I love you so goddamn much,” Dean whispered, a bright grin on his face. Cas had to laugh at that.
Entering the plane, they sat down at their seats, Castiel at the window and Dean next to him. The flight attendant had just finished the instruction speech when the plane started moving. Dean glanced at Castiel from the side before speaking up.
The next day Cas was still snuggled against Dean's chest. He opened his eyes sleepily and smiled when he saw Dean was still asleep. He shifted slightly but refused to get up. He just laid there, looking at Dean. After some time Dean opened his eyes and looked down at Castiel who had his head on Dean's chest. "Morning" he mumbled and placed a kiss on Castiel's head. "Good morning Dean" he said and lifted his head to kiss Dean on the lips. They stayed in bed for some time before Cas went to shower. Dean had given him a towel and had gone down to make some breakfast. The bathroom was small and practical. Cas showered and went back to Dean's room. He went to his duffle only to realize that he still hadn't washed his clothes. He grabbed a shirt and a pair of ripped jeans from Dean's closet and put them on. The pants fit almost perfectly but the shirt, a gray AC/DC shirt, was a little bit too big.
Cas sang the lyrics, his voice rough from sleep and dehydration. he stared out the window as he sang.
“A double bedroom,” Dean corrected, looking at her a little shyly.
"do I? What if it's just a prank and I am going to make a fool out of myself"
When Dean pulled away completely, Castiel felt cold, the warmth of Dean’s body leaving.
. Cas always thought he was doomed to be lonely and suffer, hell, he thought that, mostly because of his family, until only half a year ago when he first met the boy next to him. So much had happened in these past months and even though he went through some hard times, Dean was by his side and for that he was grateful. A smile made its way to Castiel’s lips as he continued thinking about all the great things that happened since the semester had begun.
“Okay, I’ll pick you up at 7 pm on Friday.”
They spent the next hours preparing the food and making a mess in the kitchen. Sam had gone upstairs after he had finished his part of the meal prepping and decorating the living room, plus setting the table, while Cas and Dean were still in the kitchen finishing off their parts of the dinner.  Dean was almost finished with making the dough for the pie when Castiel, who had finished his dish a few moments ago, came up to him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist and placing his chin on Dean’s shoulder.
I decided I would write out of Dean perspective just so that you would see how he feels/ thinks. Please tell me if I should continue the change in perspective or not.
“Anything?”
“Come on,” she whined, “I promise I’ll stay at the motel when you go out, I just don’t wanna be here, completely unable to do anything. Please?” She asked, using her best puppy dog eyes. Dean knew the feeling she was talking about. Being close to people, even if you know you can’t do anything, eases one’s anxiety. He sighed.
“Cas please look at me” the other boy pleaded and Cas slowly raised his head, looking back at Dean.
“Castiel.” Dean cleared his throat before asking.
“What? I’m awake,” he said. He exited the car quicker than he should have, thus causing him to lose his balance. He prepared himself for the hard landing if two strong arms hadn’t caught him in time.
After making ready, it was 7pm. and they decided to go get a drink. Castiel's family had returned and again, five pairs of eyes looked at them when they entered the living room. "Mom, Dean and I are gonna eat outside today". "If you want to, sure have fun". Cas could hear the dislike of his idea in his mother’s voice but he didn't care. They drove with the Impala, Cas was sitting shotgun. At the bar, it was one of Castiel's favorite; they sat at a booth at the back of the bar and ordered a beer each. It was fun and they quickly began drinking shots and whiskey and than shots again, until both of them were drunk. It was Deans turn to drink a tequila shot. He took the salt shaker into his hand but instead of licking his hand, he came closer to Cas and licked his neck. Cas couldn't help but smile. Dean poured some salt on Cas's skin and then licked over it again. He looked him in the eyes, biting his bottom lip and then he drank his shot never breaking eye contact and then bit into the lemon. Castiel couldn't stop grinning. Maybe it was because of the things Dean just did, or maybe it was because of the alcohol, he couldn't tell. They stayed at the bar for another hour and then ordered a taxi, since neither of them was in the state to drive.
Dean, his relationship with Dean was going great. Since L.A. they had slept with each other a lot of times, every time a little bit different that the one before..
“Dean-bean. Stop ogling my brother and keep your eyes on the road, please.” Came Gabriel’s voice suddenly, making Dean blush furiously and keep his eyes on the road, feeling Cas look at him.
“Yea?” he whispered as quietly.
“Dude it’s enough,” Charlie had told him to which Balthazar had only responded with an innocent smile.
One week until Castiel has to face his family. One week until he has to live though his past again. One week until everything is going to change...
“Cas,” she said firmly, “listen to me. First of all nothing will go wrong. Second you won’t fall because I will be holding you and lastly, do you really think that Dean wouldn't want to marry you?”
“It’s about my… vows,” he admitted. He heard Dean breath out in relieve, chuckling lightly.
Opening the door he saw Dean sitting on his front porch, his back towards Castiel. His shoulders tensed up when he heard Cas but he didn’t turn around. Cas approached him and sat down next to the green-eyed boy.
“Kill demons, eat pie,” he read out loud, “really?”
Cas arrived back home at 11:33 pm and went straight to bed after texting Dean that he was home. The next day he woke up at 6:30 am and grabbed his phone surprised to see that his classes for today had been canceled for some reason, so he put his phone back onto his nightstand and went back to sleep. The next time he woke up it was a little past 10 am. He got ready and then decided to take a walk. Even though it was pretty cold outside, it was November 1st, he kind of liked the cold. He had no idea why but the fresh air and the snowy weather had something calming about them.
“Now come on, we’re here for a case.” He grumbled and got out, hearing the others do the same.
“Of course. You have to go to the twelfth floor and then it’s the third door on the right,” he explained.
"Everything will be fine," he said, pressing Cas against his body. Cas didn't answer but rather continued playing with his sleeve. He knew Dean was right but his mind couldn't stop racing. Dean didn't say anything again and soon exhaustion came over him and he fell asleep.
When they had eventually arrived, the Winchesters booked three rooms next to each other. Charlie got one, Sam and Dean shared one, and one was for the angels.
Before Dean could suck a hickey into Castiel’s skin, the doorbell rang and they pulled away quickly, lips swollen and both panting slightly. Dean helped Cas sit up before he went to answer the door. He heard another voice and soon Jo was standing in their living room.
or the
The library was pretty empty but he still chose a table at the back. He laid all his stuff at the table, plugged his headphones in and started researching for his essay in history. Hours passed without Castiel noticing it and when he finally looked at his phone, it was almost 5pm. He had finished most of his work by that time and since he had nothing else to do, he decided to go buy some things he still needed for university. When he grabbed his coffee, he noticed that it was full again, which was weird since Cas remembered it being empty. When he turned it around he found a number on it with the name
“And isn’t it also true that you yourself abused your brother?”
“Sure…” She just said with a smirk and a glance towards Sam and Gabe, who were cuddled up together, Gabe leaning against Sam, who had an arm wrapped around his shoulders.
, wrecking his brain to think of something,
“Hey!” Cas said making his way towards them. Alastair turned his head towards him, his smile falling a little.
“You got anything?” Dean asked as he walked up to Cas who shook his head.
Dean was sitting in his impala, Led Zeppelins Ramble on playing out of the stereo, as he thought about that boy. The one we gave his number too and who he hoped would send him a text. When he arrived at his apartment, it was small but he loved it. He always shared a room with his brother, whom he loved, but now he could decorate it the way he wanted. He sat on his bed and tuned the TV on. He was switching channels when suddenly his phone vibrated. He looked at the screen and a number appeared on the screen. The text just said
Even though he was prepared he still decided to wake up at 9am and go over everything again. He was sitting on his sofa when a strong pair of arms wrapped around his shoulders and a chin was placed on top of his head. "Good morning," Cas said and placed his hands over Dean's arms. Dean mumbled a morning and then pressed a kiss on Castiel's hair. He continued kissing him and traveling down over Castiel's ear and then to his neck. He bit him slightly and then kissed the place. Cas started smiling and Dean did the same, a grin spreading on his face.
“He even walked up to them, asking if they could be more discreet,” she added.
wouldn't get hurt, because you knew you would have suffered if I had been hurt and so you decided to go between us instead of being saved for once. You decided without thinking about me or how I would feel if something happened to you."
“Okay,” was the only response his brother gave him before focusing back at the road. He dropped Cas of, telling him to get some sleep, before driving away.
They arrived at the
“Cassie, baby-bro. Haven’t seen you in a few years. How is it going?” Cas sighed but he had a small smile on his lips. His brother was still the sugar-hyper archangel he’s always been.
“Well, when I had first seen you at the tour a few weeks ago, I thought you looked kinda cute. I wasn’t going to embarrass myself so I did a bit of research and asked around, and well, rumors said that you liked boys,” he admitted, face flustered. Cas smiled at that.
. When he arrived at the front and Anna let him go to sit down next to their friends, he looked at Gabe who gave him an encouraging and happy smile. A few moments later the song changed and Dean walked in with Charlie by his side. The song
In the Impala, Gabe had to leave for work, Cas was leaning against the window, looking outside. It was getting dark as they drove over the highway. Dean hadn’t told him where they were heading and only told him to wear something nice. Cas was really excited and soon looked over to where Dean was driving his Baby.
Artwork by denizcollins on fanpop.com
Hey guys, I hope you like this chapter and sorry that it took me so long. School is really stressful right now.
"He is my son and I can do whatever I want,  understand!", he growled, " and he got away easily". That was it for Dean. He punched his father in the face and then threw his whole body onto the other man, causing them to fall to the floor.
Castiel was buttoning up his shirt when Dean walked up behind him, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist.
“For being there for me today and for helping me get over this day. I really appreciated it and I think Sammy did too.” Castiel leaned forward and pressed their lips together. The kiss was soft at first but soon got more passionate. Cas broke off their kiss and turned back onto his back, looking at the ceiling again.
Cas let out a shaky breath and touched his nose with his hand. When he looked at it, blood was on his hand. He hurried to the bathroom, locked the door and threw up. It was something normal for him since people started bullying him and he didn't care how knew. since nobody really cared about him anyway. When he was finished he cleaned his face as much as he could and went to class. His teachers didn't bother to ask what had happened to him since it was something that happened on a regular basis and they didn't care about him as well. He sat through his classes and as so often didn't eat. He would puke it all out later so he had no need eat something.
Cas nodded. ”Yes I am.”
Cas and Dean spend some time together.
“Yes it is. I still can’t really believe that we are here. Or that tomorrow is going to be our last day, which isn’t even a full day since our flight is at 8:30 pm,” he said sadly.
The green-eyed man looked so lost in thought that Cas was afraid he would scare him if he spoke now.
“Are you alright?”
“What’s going on?” he asked.
“Hey guys come in,” he greeted but the two girls just walked past him and into the living room as well. Cas followed them and sat back down.
After a few more hours of Castiel studying and Dean either looking at him or doing stuff for university himself, they got ready to go. During the ride, their hands were almost always intertwined, except when Dean had to change gear. Dean dropped Cas off and then drove away, after giving him a quick kiss. Cas was anxious about this exam. He wasn't really good at history and so he was even more anxious that he would normally be. He had heard that this professor is one of the most strict teachers. Cas had the feeling that this teacher had something against him for some reason. Every time Castiel would ask him something after the lesson, he would always be really short in his answers or kind of rude, so Cas really wanted to succeed in this exam.
"That is no excuse. I should have been there, done something..." he trailed off.
“So I wanted to talk to you and Dean.” Cas furrowed his brow slightly.
“I’m Benny,” the brunette said, smiling widely at them. He was wearing an old fisherman's hat and from what Cas could tell, he sounded british, just like Crowley.
. He was still so pissed that he was supposed to repress who he was. He could feel the stares of the other kids on him while he walked to class.
He left the shower with a smile on his face.
“So how was Christmas?” Anna asked, taking a sip from her beer.
"You need to eat something". He looked up and saw Dean looking at him, concern in his eyes.
“That is not true. He is just as much into you as you are into him.” He said easily before his eyes got a mischievous twinkle to them.
“And now,” the officiant said, making Cas look back at her, ”Castiel, do you take Dean to be your husband? Do you promise to love, honor, cherish, and protect him, forsaking all others, and holding only unto him forevermore?” she asked Cas.
“This isn’t over,” he said before walking away. Cas looked after them for a second before he turned to the scared teen, crouching down to be on his eye level.
Castiel was looking to Sam, trying to figure out what was going on in the younger Winchesters head, when the loud sounds suddenly stopped. He looked to where the two men were, only to see that Dean was unconscious and John was slowly standing up. Castiel's body tightened and he backed away slightly. Sam did the same thing. John slowly turned around and was now looking at them. His face looked horrible. He had a lot of bruises and his lip had a cut. He came towards them and before they could do anything, he grabbed Sam by the collar of his shirt and pushed him against the nearest wall. Cas saw Sam flinching from the pain and then John was screaming. Cas was too shocked to hear what he was saying and he wanted to help dean but he didn't. Instead, he turned his attention towards John who had punched Sam in the face. Blood was dripping out of the boy's nose. Castiel walked towards them and then grabbed John's hand before he could punch Sam again. John turned his full attention towards Cas and a chill ran down his spine. The look on John's face was filled with pure rage and anger. He freed his hand out of Castiel's grip and punched his torso. All the air in his lungs left his body when he stumbled backwards and fell to the ground.
“Dead.” Dean sighed.
The two brothers had been driving for about five minutes when Gabe spoke up.
"Who are you suing?" his brother asked.
“Castiel look at me” Dean demanded softly but Cas was still not looking at him.
“Yup and as it turned out, it was the best decision I could have ever made,” he said, a grin spreading across his face. Leaning forwards he pressed his lips against Castiel’s, for a shy kiss. When they parted Cas laid his head onto Dean’s chest, letting out a deep breath.
“Cas?” Dean asked after a few moments of silence.
artwork by unknown
“You don’t have to…” Dean started but Cas cut him off.
He went to the kitchen and his heart started to pound louder in his chest; Dean wasn’t there as well. After he took a look into all the other rooms of the house, which were empty as well, he started panicking. Dean could be anywhere and in his condition and the alcohol that was still in his blood,  he could get into a lot of trouble. He hadn’t come with the Impala yesterday, which was at least something good.
“Castiel, please place the ring on Dean’s left hand and repeat after me,” and so Castiel repeated the words he’d always wanted to say as he slid the ring onto Dean’s finger.
“Morning, jerk.” He said and settled his large frame onto one of the benches. Cas and Gabe came in a few minutes later and the five of them were soon eating a delicious breakfast.
In this chapter, we finally meet John Winchester...
“I’m here, Gabriel, no need to panic. I was just taking a shower.” Cas told them as he sat down next to his brother, who handed him a cup of coffee. Cas grinned and took a sip, humming appreciatively.
“What are you thinking about?” he asked shifting so that he could have a better look at Cas. The blue-eyed boy turned to face Dean completely now.
“Yes, honeybee?” He asked, swallowing and taking a sip from his beer.
“If that was the case then where did he got this scar from?” Castiel’s brother asked before a picture of the big, faded scar appeared on a monitor. Cas heard a few people gasp and even he took in a sharp breath from seeing the image. He hadn’t seen the wound in such a long time, at least not fully, only parts of it in the mirror and even then, he tried to avoid it whenever he could. This scar bore one of his most painful memories. It was the reason why everything fell apart so many years ago. He still remembered the day, like it only happened yesterday.
Cas sighed and opened his eyes, looking around but there was nobody. He was about to go back inside when he heard the flapping of wings and then his brother was standing in front of him, a huge grin on his face.
"You have no proof it was me and by the way how is it healing?". Dean was about to say something when Gabe started talking
They have an iteresting encounter in the bathroom...
“No, of course, you can, but you even roped Gabe into this as well as Sam and Charlie. It is really beautiful, don’t get me wrong, I was just wondering…” He trailed off, obviously not knowing how to end this sentence.
, one of Dean's guilty pleasures, and then Dean went upstairs to call Sam.
“It was okay.”
“Cas wake up,” Dean’s voice said, gently shaking Castiel’s shoulder. The blue-eyed boy hadn’t noticed that he had fallen back asleep and turned around to look at Dean who was now sitting up, a soft smile on his lips.
“What the hell just happened?” Dean asked once he had recovered from his shock.
“I’m sorry”
That evening Cas went out with their friends to celebrate their victory. The group decided to go to a Chinese restaurant which had a buffet. They had a good time laughing and eating as much as they could, just enjoying the night. Cas was finally feeling like a load had lifted off of his shoulders and he was finally able to fully enjoy his life again. Castiel was completely drunk when they decided to leave after Gabe insisted on paying and Dean, who had surprisingly drunken less than Cas, had to practically carry him to the Impala.
John's head hit the floor with a loud bang but Dean didn't stop for a second and instead continued to hit him. Blood was running out of his nose and his lip was bleeding as well. John tried to take control of the fight a few times until he punched his son with such a force that he was able to push his body to the side and rolling onto Dean, gaining control. And now he was beating Dean who was lying with his back on the hallway floor. "You are an abomination", he said between punches, "if you leave with Sam, I'll call the police". Sam was about to run towards them when Cas put a hand on the taller boys arm to hold him back. Sam looked at him and he could see the urge to help Dean but he relaxed slightly and Cas let his hand fall to his side. He didn't want to hold Sam back but he knew it would only make things worse.
Two heads turned to them, one confused and the other with a small smile.
So in this chapter, we see how much trust Cas has to put into Dean...
“Morning,” a voice came from the couch in the living room, both turning to Sam who was reading a book. They both greeted the younger Winchester before Cas poured coffee into two cups and the two boys sat opposite to Sam in the living room.
“Hey.”
“Hey guys,” Cas said from the living room as he set down four beers on the brown coffee table.
“Sam… ghosts are here… try and find what's keeping them in this world and burn it… quick!”
“I think you should quit.”
“I… might have taken my polaroid camera with me.” He admitted, opening the trunk and taking the camera out of his duffle with a strong blush on his cheeks. He set it on Baby’s roof and pressed the self-timer on 10 seconds before standing next to Cas, both looking into each other’s eyes with love. When the flash went off, neither looked away and instead leaned forward, their lips pressed to one another, the second flash going off. Cas cupped Dean’s cheek and deepened the kiss, slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean let him and instead put his hands on Cas’ slip hips, holding him close while he let the angel devour him.
“Yea Anna and Crowley will come over and we’ll go out tonight probably,” Cas said, finally looking at the younger boy.
“Dean…” he said but Dean didn’t stop.
Dean and Cas go on a date...
“And why is it God’s will that your child suffers, what is the problem that caused you to stay so cold towards him?” Gabe asked pressuring her a little. She thought about that for a few seconds which gave Cas the opportunity to glance behind him where Dean was sitting. The green-eyed boy looked focused on his mother but as if he could feel Castiel look at him he turned around and gave him an encouraging smile. When Castiel’s mother didn’t say anything, Gabe continued speaking.
"What are you talking about?" he asked confused.
“Sammy’s girlfriend,” Dean said.
“What? The sweeter the better,” He grinned and turned to Sam to wink at him which only made his baby brother blush and duck his head. “You didn’t answer my question, bucko, where is my brother?” Gabe asked again, waving his fork at Dean. As if in answer, the bathroom door opened and Cas came out, dressed, hair still a bit damp from the shower and
“This doesn’t make any sense, we burned the body,” Cas said with a frown. Why were people still being killed? Maybe there had been two ghosts?
Castiel's eyes filled with tears and his mouth continued to fill with blood. Cas hadn't realized when Dean had moved but now he was throwing himself at Lucifer, pushing him onto the wooden floor. They landed with a loud bang, Lucifer’s head hitting the floor. He heard his mother scream but he couldn't care. His eyes were fixed onto the two men fighting. Dean was punching him, his knuckles starting to bleed. Suddenly they switched positions, Lucifer now pushing Dean down with his whole weight. Even though Dean was taller, Lucifer seemed to be heavier and now his brother had the upper hand and he used it, hitting Dean in the face with as much force as he could gather. Dean's face was red and blood was running out of his nose but he wasn't giving up. He struggled, trying to free himself from Lucifer's grip. Castiel ran towards them trying to get his brother off of Dean but he only got hit by his brother’s elbow, sending him tumbling backwards. Dean had almost freed himself when Lucifer hit him unconscious. Cas froze as his brother rose from Dean's unconscious body and walking towards him.
“Fine,” he said defeated before standing up himself to walk Dean to the door. The boy had just put on his jacket when Cas was pulling him in for another kiss. When he tried to deepen it, Dean pulled away.
“Someone’s eager today,” Dean teased to which was replied by sucking at his neck, making sure to leave a mark Dean wouldn’t be able to cover up.
“Mrs. Novak was charged with complicity and will be sent to the Topeka Correctional Facility for six months with the opportunity to get probation. As for Mr. Novak and Mr. Novak Jr., you will be sent to the El Dorado Correctional Facility. Regarding the charges you have been found guilty of, you will stay there for three years with no opportunity of probation.” The judge said before letting his hammer fall, dismissing everybody. Cas jumped up and ran towards Dean, letting his tears of joy run freely down his face as he all but threw himself onto the other boy, who caught him, pressing him against his body. They stayed like this for a few seconds before Dean pulled away slightly before pressing their lips together. Cas melted against Dean's lips. When they pulled away both of them were smiling brightly, not able to hold their happiness inside.
after ordering pizza.
“Good. Listen, I need your help with this case-” Gabe cut him off with a smirk.
Life has just been a bit stressful and I also had to plan a trip.
“I’m good, Cas, don’t worry about it.” He promised. They sat there for some time, just curled up around each other, hands intertwined.
“As a sign of love,
After a few minutes of silence, Cas finally asked.
I'll try and upload next week again but I can't promise anything. Hope you like this chapter.
Song is torn by Natalie Imbruglia
Dean pulled him close by his tie before crushing their lips together, hands flying up to Castiel’s sides. Cas leaned into the kiss, hands wandering to Dean’s suit jacket, helping him get rid of it, never breaking their kiss.
“Cas,” Dean started looking directly into his partner's eyes,” from the moment I first was you, I knew you were special. The more I got to know you, the more I knew that I had been right. You
“Yes, it is because as long as he doesn’t redeem himself and sees that he’s sinning, I won’t do anything to help him because I am not in the position to do anything. If he comes to me and wants help I’ll be more than happy to help him but as long as he lives this life I can’t do anything for him.” Cas was shocked at the honesty of his mother. He knew her views but he never knew how far they went. He felt sick and wanted nothing more than to throw up but unfortunately, there was one more witness they would have to call; Lucifer.
Changing their plans they went to the movies instead. The rain had mostly stopped when they pulled into a parking space a few meters away from the theater. Dean went ahead and bought the tickets while Cas took care of the snacks and drinks. He was standing in front of a table waiting for Dean when two strong arms were slung around his waist. He looked to see an exited Dean looking down at him.
“Yea I’m almost finished.”
Back at their house, Cas was lead to the bedroom by Dean. They would leave tomorrow for their Honeymoon.
“Yes are you…?” he asked through panted breaths.
“I know and you love me for it. Now, don’t pout, love. You’ll like it.” He promised or at least Dean hoped Cas would like his surprise.
When they sat at the table there was silence for some time. Dean took this time to look at the man across from him. His black hair which was a little messy, his soft lips and of course those beautiful blue eyes. Dean collected himself and finally broke the silence. “So Castiel, I hoped I wasn't too pushy with that coffee. I don't usually do that" Dean hoped that he hadn't crossed any boundaries. “No it was fine. It was kinda nice" Castiel said and Dean let out a slow, but deep breath, one he didn't know he was holding in. He asked Castiel about his name and his family. He talked about Sammy and then their conversation went on for a long time. They talked about school, family and pretty much everything. They hadn't realized how fast the time flew by and when they finally left the shop it was almost 5pm.
Meeting Dean, falling in love for the first time…
“It says here the original owners were buried in the cemetery at the edge of town.” Sam read, looking at them. Dean grinned.
“I love you too but you know that we are at a church right?” he asked happily but instead of answering he just kissed Cas again. After the two men had finally pulled away, they turned to their friends and family, who were all clapping and cheering, happy to see them finally married. The couple walked out of the room, hand in hand, smiling stupidly.
“Don’t know but it seems like we have to get back there,” Dean answered grumpily. He didn’t like it. When they had salted and burned the bodies… he had a weird feeling in his gut but he ignored it in favour of being done with the hunt. Now he regretted not having listened to his instinct.
“Cas please, do it for me” Dean pleaded, trying his best puppy-face. Cas had to admit that he couldn’t argue with that and that he knew how stubborn Dean could be, so he put his wallet back into his pocket, letting Dean pay. They left the diner running to Baby. It had started to rain heavily and even though they were quick, the two boys entered the car, almost soaking wet. Inside the Impala they burst out into laughter both of them had no idea what they were laughing about but it didn't matter, because they were together.
“No,” Lucifer said.
Without reacting to anyone’s stares or whispers he walked to his locker. He had already been here after everybody had left on friday to get his lesson plan and see his locker. He opened it and put some of his textbooks in there. His first class was history and he made his way to the classroom.
Gabriel had offered to pick them up at the airport and after retrieving their bags, they walked to Gabe’s car holding hands. The two boys greeted the older Novak and then entered the car, Cas sitting shotgun. They were  talking animatedly about their trip and the things they saw, Gabe listening mostly, laughing at a few fun stories and throwing in some commentary. The ride was really pleasant and when they arrived at the Winchester’s house, Dean thanked Gabe again for the trip before leaving the car.
At dinner, they had a light conversation. Castiel's family was talking small talk with Dean and everything was fine. Cas could relax a little. Lucifer wasn't there yet. When he heard the door open, his muscles tightened. He entered the kitchen, sitting, how else could it be, opposite to Dean. After putting some soup on his plate he said. "So... you must be Dean. Cassie told us that you would visit" he said with a cocky smile. "Yea I am Dean and you must be Lucifer. Cas has told me about you" Dean said, returning the smile. "This old, ugly car outside. Is that yours?" he asked. Castiel felt nauseous but Dean just replied "Yes it's mine. It's a 1967 Chevy Impala. Why you gotta problem with it?" Cas looked at Dean with a look that said he should calm down. "Nah just wondering. So how did you two meet. I mean why do you even hang out with my brother?". Cas inhaled sharp at that but Dean stayed calm. Cas could see Dean's struggle not to punch his brother in the face. "I don't understand what you mean. Cas is a funny guy and he has a great taste in music." Dean's hand found Castiel's underneath the table and his fingers entwined with Cas's. "Did you say gay or guy. I couldn’t make it out." "Lucifer" his mother said with a warning tone in her voice. Dean's body tightened and the hand he had on the table clenched into a fist. "No I said guy but even if, I wouldn't mind." "Oh I see. Well if ever want to hang out with someone who is straight you know where to find me". "Lucifer" his mother repeated. Tears were burning behind his eyes. "I need to go to the bathroom" Cas said and left the kitchen running upstairs and locking the door of his room behind him.
"Come in guys we can talk inside," Castiel's brother said, opening the door, even more, to let them in.
“You know how cheesy that sounded, right?” he asked teasingly. Before he could react, Dean was pressing his lips against his, tongue licking over his bottom lip. Castiel’s arms wrapped around Dean’s neck as he was softly laid down onto the sofa. Dean’s tongue slid into his mouth, circling his own, as they continued to kiss passionately. Dean started grinding against him, pressing their crotches together, both moaning at the friction. Castiel’s hand went to the other man's shirt, unbuttoning the first button, exposing his collarbone. Dean went on to kiss his jaw and then his neck, sucking hard.
The guy wasn’t interested in him, he had to get over his crush…
“So…,” he started, looking at his younger brother, as they stopped at a red light.
“I just thought we could go out and have dinner,” Dean told him, a big smile on his lips. Cas was still a little confused with Dean’s behavior but agreed nonetheless.
“No, Gabriel, we have not. I’ve told you that firstly he’s not interested in men, and even if he was then he’s definitely not interested in me. Also, you are here now, you saw that there is nothing between us.” Cas answered defensively. Gabe obviously caught this and smirked.
“Yes, that sounds like a good idea.” He smiled and Dean just stared for a second or two before he shook his head and left. Cas sighed quietly and fidgeted with his empty beer bottle.
“Damn it, Cas. Couldn’t you have said so earlier?” Cas cocked his head to the side.
Dean looked nervous, like he wanted to say something else but was too afraid to do so.
All the guests were standing as one of the jury members spoke up.
Dean’s eyes sparkled a little as he talked about his brother and Cas knew he was right. A small smile played at the corners of his mouth.
The next day Cas called Gabe and asked him if he could visit him later. A few hours after the phone call Dean and Cas were on their way to Gabriel's house. Castiel was nervous the whole time but holding Dean's hand helped him calm down a little. They pulled into the driveway next to another car, which was probably Gabriel's. Dean turned off the engine but both of them stayed in the car. Dean turned his head towards Cas and looked at him. "Hey are you okay?" he asked softly. Cas thought about it for a second. A soft smile spread across his lips. "Yea," he said in a soft voice and squeezed Dean's hand tighter. They exited the Impala and walked to the entrance of the house. Cas had never been here. After his brother had left for college when Cas was in his first year of High School, he hadn’t seen him again. They had stayed in contact through text messages and a few phone calls over the years but that had been it. His parents never told Gabriel about what they did to Castiel, even though Cas had done the same so that his brother wouldn’t worry about him.
The next day, after Castiel was "free" to go, they stared packing. Castiel was ready pretty quickly, since he had almost nothing there, He walked towards the living room and sat down on the couch, pulling out his phone. He hadn't used it very much the last days, only to listen to music and call Anna to tell her what had happened those past weeks. Anna was shook by the news but she understood each and every of his decisions and said that he would support him, if the case got to court.
“I made it clear that I’m not going to re-pierce my ears every day. He didn’t want to argue, apparently.” The two boys started laughing at that heavily. Another boy sat down next to them.
She just replied with a heart smiley. A few minutes later Cas heard the rumble of the Impala and left his apartment. He entered the sleek, black car, a smile still on his face which Dean instantly noticed.
A few days passed and Castiel hadn't seen Dean. Bobby and Ellen had visited him and Sam brought him food or some of his favorite books, but Dean hadn't come. Cas could now sit up without having any pain and he was even able to walk a little with crutches of course. He spent a lot of time playing his guitar or scribbling song parts in his notebook. Since the fight, he had had nightmares every time he closed his eyes. He dreamt about Lucifer killing Dean, over and over again or being stabbed himself, waking up with phantom pains, his hands wandering to his wound.
“Open them,” Dean said. Castiel’s breath caught in his throat as he saw the scene in front of him; a table was at the centre of the roof, a chair on each side. The table was covered with a white tablecloth and on top of it were two plates, glasses and a beautiful golden candle holder.
“Okay, okay. So...I had downed a few shots by now. I was out with Anna and she was just as drunk as I was. So we then had the brilliant idea to go steal a shopping card and drive around in it.” Dean’s eyebrows shot up to at that.
at Beverly Hills which was the hotel they would be staying at. Dean had gotten it as a gift from Gabriel, Ellen and Bobby for his birthday and after a lot of protest that it was
not the time but he couldn’t help it.
Cas wasn’t tired at all so he decided to meet with Anna for a few hours since she had to work the next day and couldn’t stay out long. They met around 6 pm for dinner at a local restaurant. The evening went by fast and it was really fun with both of them messing around and telling way to many dirty and stupid jokes. Cas had to admit that he had missed Anna a lot these past few weeks. Cas walked Anna home after he paid, and when they arrived in front of her apartment, he gave her a tight hug before walking home himself.
“Tomorrow maybe?” Cas suggested and Dean agreed. They laid there for a few more minutes and then went to bed.
Back at the Impala, after over an hour of searching for everything, Dean made a number of calls to clarify some things for today's evening.
“I mean I have been making comments about hot girls as well as guys. You never noticed?”
“I do,” he said a smile appearing on his lips as he looked to Dean.
“I will… later.” He promised, licking his lips before he leaned back in his seat with a smug smirk. Dean didn’t say anything but he knew that he was in trouble but boy did he love it. When Cas was rough with him it was the best thing ever.
Cas relaxed slightly, happy that Dean didn’t mention his scars, and decided that Dean was right. He wouldn't let his brother bring him down anymore. The waitress came back with their orders, a friendly smile on her lips when she laid the plates down in front of them telling them to enjoy their meal before she left again.
“So Dean, Sam and I have been talking about this for a while and we wanted to ask you if you could help us with something else. As you know John Winchester has been a horrible father and is clearly not able to take care of his children, especially Sam. Even though he hasn’t demanded Sam to come back and live with him, he could very well do so. Because of that and also the fact that Sam would rather stay with Dean, we wanted to ask you if you could help us to get Dean to be his legal guardian,” he concluded, curious to see what his brother would say.
“What? It’s obvious,” he commented back, looking first at Dean and then at Cas who was blushing slightly.
“More people died from the bar case.” He explained. Her soft features hardened a bit as he went into work mode, closing the game.
“Please Cas, look at me,” he said again and this time Cas complied and lifted his head, looking into those green eyes.
“Yeah, you’re right. I was too busy being awesome,” Gabe said and everyone laughed at that. Cas got some paintings from his younger siblings, a few books from Sam as well and a trip to LA with Dean from Gabriel, Ellen, and Bobby. When he opened the envelope his eyes widened as a grin spread on his face.
“No Dean it’s fine I don’t-,”
Castiel was woken up by someone shaking his shoulder carefully.
“What he said.” Sam agreed, squeezing their fingers. Dean just rolled his eyes but he couldn’t wipe the smile off of his face. They decided to stay one more night and drive off tomorrow morning. The brothers decided to switch rooms so that each Winchester could spend the night with his angel and everybody happily agreed.
I hope you guys like this chapter
“Yes, Cas I am and stop doubting everything I say,” Dean said. A smile started playing at the corners of his mouth as he leaned down and captured Castiel’s lips once again, pulling him closer. It was a softer kiss than before but it had the same amount of passion in it like all the previous ones.
They entered his house and sat down on his brown fake leather sofa. They sat in silence for a few moments before they got into a casual conversation. Anna told him what had happened in her life and that she was now in a relationship with that guy she had met that night at the freshmen party, Crowley. She was really happy with him and Castiel was happy for her. He told her about the last two weeks and all the stuff that had happened with his and Dean's family. The fight with Dean and the wound on his lower back. Anna listened to him carefully without interrupting him. When he finished, Anna said "Oh my god, I had no idea. I will testify in court if that's what you need to lock that jerk away". Cas looked at her happy to have her as a friend.
“Yes, Dean I want to marry you,” he said excitedly. Dean let out a sight of relieve before putting one of the rings on Castiel’s finger. The man admired it for a moment, taking in the plain yet pretty design of the ring. He then leaned forward, taking the other ring and putting it on Dean’s finger, before pulling him up and kissing him passionately. His tongue slid into Dean’s mouth almost immediately, making him groan. Castiel’s hands wandering to Dean’s sides, pulling him even closer.
Castiel just wanted to go grocery shopping but he finds himself sitting at a coffee shop with Dean...
“No,” the green-eyed boy huffed but it was obvious that he didn’t mean it. So Castiel tightened his grip as well, leaning closer against Dean.
They drank a few more beers, talking and watching some reruns of
“So you’re not mad that I just left without telling you?” his voice almost a whisper.
Once they were ready, they made their way to the bar. It was pretty empty which made sense since it was the middle of the day and not many people were day drinking today.
“I wasn’t doing anything.” He said defensively. Gabe just hummed and he could hear Charlie try to suppress a snicker. He parked Baby and opened his door.
When they saw Dean they each took a turn and hugged him as well. Dean ruffled Sam’s hair and they all sat down in his living room. They soon started talking about different topics; Crowley was telling Sam about the road trip he had done last summer across the country and Sam listened interestedly. Even Dean looked interested in what he was talking about. Cas had made some cookies and coffee and tea for everybody and they were laughing and telling stories in his living room. Dean actually looked happy and the same goes for Sam, who was laughing as well, holding his girlfriend in his arms.
“I’d say we leave tomorrow morning so that we have enough time once we’re there,” Sam said as he bit into his burger. Dean hummed and took a bite from his own burger, moaning around his mouthful. He really loved burgers. He was so caught up in his food that he didn’t notice the shy blush on Cas’ cheeks at the moan.
“In a bit, love. First…” He trailed off as he pulled away enough and took Cas’ hand in his, slipping the ring on his finger. It fit perfectly. Cas stared at it with teary eyes.
“What’s your name?” He asked. Before the boy could answer another voice could be heard, followed by quick footsteps.
“Say about what?” Dean asked a bit confused. He hadn’t been paying that much attention earlier.
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly, not looking at Dean. The green-eyed boy leaned closer, interlacing their fingers. He just sat next to Cas, without saying something. Cas forced the tears that were burning at the corners of his eyes away, sighing heavily.
Hey guys, sorry it took me so long to upload again but I spent a lot of time on this one because it's the climax.
Hey guys, I hope you like this chapter. Again it's a little longer but I hope you'll enjoy it.
“But you are cute when you are drunk,” he added a grin on his face. Cas looked at his hands laying in his lap before a smile started playing at his lips as well. They spent the next hour just sitting in the kitchen and telling stories from previous times they had been drunk, laughing at each other's narration.
Dean, you know you want this too so don’t back out of this was what Cas was trying to tell Dean through his gaze, and it looked like Dean gave in and told him to get it over with. So Cas averted his gaze back to his brother.
Cas and Dean had to work the next day and Sammy would meet with a friend to study for a project they worked on in school.
“Are you
"Thank you. I don't know if it’s going to be necessary but I appreciate the offer". They continued talking about everything and nothing for a few more hours before she left and Castiel finally went to bed.
“I prefer the word trusting. Less dumb, less ass.” Cas said dryly and Dean chuckled softly, not wanting to ruin the quiet moment.
Link for the artwork:
“Yes, honey?” He said and Dean couldn’t help but smile even more at the adorable nickname Cas had given him.
“Come on,” he whined.
Once at the bar, Dean ordered the drinks and a shot for himself as well. He needed to get himself together. He couldn’t let himself be so distracted around Cas. Dean was so lost in thought that he didn’t notice someone sitting down next to him.
He was walking down the almost empty halls on his way home when he saw Alastair and his friend corner a ninth-grader. They had formed a circle around him and Alastair was grabbing him by his collar, a devilish grin on his lips.
“You have to meet the boys,” she urged before pulling him along on his sleeve, Dean following behind. They approached a group of three boys sitting on a grey couch, chatting excitedly.
“Our school likes rules and if these are broken, there will be consequences. One of our rules concerns the appearance of our students,” he said. He paused as to look for the right words.
“I can’t believe they gave us tickets for LA,” Dean said, still baffled from the gift.
He had started self-harming the day his family had found out he liked boys. A classmate in school had probably seen him kiss his, then, boyfriend and had reported it to the principal. He had then called his father and Cas was sent home. At home, he had to listen to a lecture about why homosexuality is wrong and that it’s a horrible sin and he will burn in hell. After that, his father had beaten him, a lot. After that day he became physical more often. That night Cas was lying in his bed, crying. His whole body was aching and he was just feeling like absolute shit. He had no idea why he had done it he went to the bathroom and took one of the blades out of his razor before going back to his room. He rolled up his sleeve and then he was cutting lines up his arm with the razor blade. The cuts were small but deep, deeper than he had thought. They hurt but they not only made him numb but also helped his mind to stop racing.
It was the last day of university and in a few hours Cas would be sitting in the passenger's seat of the Impala, on his way to the coast. Castiel could hardly concentrate on his professor on his last class of the year, as he told them something about Shakespeare's style of poems. When the bell rang he quickly packed his stuff and almost ran out of class, not caring about what his professor was saying.
“Did you two…?”
“Everything all right?” he asked a little concerned.
“Why don’t you introduce yourself?” She suggested. That was what Cas always hated when he was at a new school; the introduction. He cleared his throat before gazing over the students in front of him.
, they finally convinced, both of them to take it and have a good time. The two boys entered the lobby and were greeted by a friendly looking lady at the reception.
“No it’s fine you don’t have to...”
and Sam helped them as well when he wasn’t busy studying for law school. Dean and Cas had moved in together, living at the outskirts of town. Sam was living on campus since he had gotten a full ride and visited them on the holidays or sometimes on the weekend.
“Cas what is going on?” he asked concerned. Cas averted his gaze looking at the floor before looking back into Dean’s eyes.
A few minutes of silence passed, everyone focused on eating and tasting everything.
“Anyway I have to go. Talk to you later,” Dean said before hanging up. Cas rolled onto his back, sighting. He had only slept for four hours after spending the whole night studying for an important exam in psychology he had today. His eyes felt sleepy and he had to force himself out of bed, not trusting himself to wake up in time for his test if he fell asleep now.
Back at home he put the groceries away and put on some more comfortable clothes. He sat on his bed and took his laptop to do some work for university. After some time, he was thinking about Castiel. How he had told him about his brothers and his mother. Dean had noticed that he didn't say anything about his father, which was fine by Dean, since he knew how fathers could be. He thought about those eyes, the ones he could get lost in and he wouldn't care. He hoped things would work out between them. Dean had had a lot of relationships but they never worked out. It was either because of his father who would say some bad shit about him when he brought them home, or because they just wanted a fling and nothing serious. Dean had to admit he wasn't the type for long-term stuff but he would give it a try for Castiel.
The boys talk...
“Yeah?” He teased, carding his hand through Cas’s hair who just nodded.
Dean sighted before answering. "I don't know. It's just I never thought that the situation would escalate so much. I couldn't stop him from hurting Sammy, or you. I failed..." he trailed off, not looking into Castiel's eyes.
I know the fanart has nothing to do with the storyline but I couldn't find one where they were fighting ;)
Back at the hotel, they went to bed almost immediately, both exhausted from the flight and their activities. The next day went by the same, just visiting famous places and walking through the beautiful city, enjoying the sun and the freedom the city seemed to radiate.
“Can you distract them? I need to call-” Dean never finished that sentence because the next thing he knew, he was thrown against the wall, crashing into it with painful force.
One night they were woken up by a noise coming from downstairs. Cas turned towards Dean who was already out of bed. "Where are you going" Cas asked with a sleepy voice. "I'll be right back" was the only thing Dean said before exiting the room. Cas had fallen asleep and when he woke up the next morning, Dean was next to him. He smiled before standing up and heading for the shower. The water was hot against his skin but he didn't care. When he finished he walked over to the sink and splashed some cold water on his face. He looked at himself in the mirror and thought that he looked healthier than before  which made him happy. After getting dressed he walked downstairs to find the living room and the kitchen empty. A note was on the kitchen counter.
The food was great and everyone praised Gabriel for his cooking skills. Cas had a great time and he was feeling grateful once again to be able to call all of these people his family.
it. He though Castiel
Also am trying to make longer chapters but since it's my first fanfic, I havent quite figured everything out yet. I hope it's okay...
“I did and I didn’t understand why.”
The four friends were sitting on Castiel’s couch when the doorbell rang. Castiel had to control himself not to run to the front door. Dean was on the other side and Cas almost threw himself into Dean’s arms, crushing their lips together. Cas melted against him letting his hands cradle through Deans soft hair. When Dean pulled away after a few moments, Cas wanted the heat against his lips back but still looked up into Dean’s smiling but surprised face.
After lunch, it was almost 5pm when he left the small shop, he made his way back to the Winchester's house. He saw the Impala parked outside and a grin started to spread across his features. He entered the house and took his shoes off. "Dean" he said walking further into the house. "In the living room" Dean said and Cas walked into the small living room. Dean was sitting on the couch watching TV. He turned towards Cas and stood up. They kissed for a few seconds before Dean pulled away. "Sorry I had to leave this morning but I had some stuff to take care of" dean said apologetically. "Don't worry. I finally had time to go out and look through the shops without being annoyed every few seconds that it's boring" Cas teased. Only then Dean seemed to notice the trench coat Castiel was wearing. "Did you buy this today" he asked. "Yes I saw it and I couldn't resist" Cas said with a smile. "Do you like it". "I love it". Dean pulled Castiel towards him grabbing the edge of the trench coat. They kissed and soon they were sitting on the old couch, Dean pulling Castiel's coat off and throwing it next to him, while Cas did the same with dean's flannel. Dean's hand wandered to the hem of Castiel's shirt and then touched his skin. Dean's hands were cold on his hot skin but he didn't care. Cas was kissing Dean's collarbone while his hand was stroking his hair. Things got heated between them but they never did anything, both of them weren't ready for.
“Dean?” Cas asked after a few minutes of comfortable silence.
“Is everything okay?” Cas felt embarrassed as a hot blush crept up his face, averting Dean’s gaze.
They got ready for bed, Dean borrowing a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt from Cas. He was still completely drunk and Cas had to help him get changed. They were lying in Castiel’s bed, the lamp on his nightstand turned off, facing each other in the dark. Cas was almost asleep, his eyes heavy from the exhaustion.
“Yes, I am. I’ve thought about it a lot and I am sure. I want to show them to you” he said determinedly. Dean just nodded. Cas started fidgeting with the hem of his shirt without pulling it up. Dean reached forward wrapping his fingers around Castiel’s wrist.
“What was that?”
“I swear I’ll…”
“Are you excited?” Dean asked after a few moments of silence.
“I am not hungry” Dean stated as he stood up, putting his breakfast back on the plate and leaving the living room, going into Castiel’s bedroom.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas told him as his hand started moving further down his sides and then back up and over his arms. He spent a few more minutes touching Dean’s bare chest before he pulled his hands back to himself, looking at them.
