"None."
The broad smile that Dean returned to him made... a very strange sensation happen in his stomach. "You too. And hey, if you ever need a ride again or we can help you guys out with something..." He shrugged. "Don't be a stranger."
"Right," Sam said, voice dripping with sarcasm. "Because your idea backfired. On your car."
"So you ready to get going?" Misha asked. If he'd noticed Dean's weird behavior, he didn't bring it up.
He wasn't gonna get away with it though. Ellen raised an eyebrow. "You're seventeen, boy."
"What is it?" Sam asked, worry immediately filling his stomach.
Sam laughed at that. "True." He sighed and felt a pinch of sadness. "I don't know though. It's different this time."
"Yeah, I know," Sam softly smiled.
"Hey," Sam greeted him. "What's going on?"
She leaned into him and whispered, "Dark hair and blue eyes or the smaller cutie?"
"Oh, yeah, fine, I uhm..." Why was it that Dean's brain seemed to stop working every time he was talking to his supposed husband? "I was just wondering about something. You don't happen to know if uh, Richard has been acting a bit off lately, right?"
"Bye, Sammy," Lucifer teased him as he left the apartment.
"Thank god, it's you," his brother said, letting him in and closing the door again. "I don't know if I can deal with one more of
The words were enough to break Sam's heart then and there. "
(- Greg Lestrade)
"Dean, nobody can tell you how to feel," Castiel eventually said. "Not even you."
He wasn't going to deny it, Dean was pissed, at his brother for shutting him out, but even more at himself for not knowing what else there was for him to do about it. He'd tried about everything and failed miserably, time after time.
"Maybe he's been stalking Dean."
"Hello?" he yelled again. "Anybody out there? I need help! I'm stuck!" He started knocking on the door violently, hoping literally anyone would hear him. "I need some help in here! Help! Somebody help me! Sam! SAM!"
- Mick Davies
"Maybe Jared's older than me."
"Chuck Shurley is a rich bastard," Lucifer smirked, making Sam laugh.
"Hey, if he wants to check it out, you can tell him he can always drop by sometime," Lucifer said casually while walking around his car and getting into the driver's seat. He looked at a still speechless Sam. "You comin'?"
Dean muttered a curse. That was just great, now he'd have to tell Sam after school that his new friend, the one person that seemed to make him happy again, was a huge son of a bitch who was just using him. "This is so fucked up."
Sam on the other hand was enjoying life to its fullest. And Lucifer. The two of them were always together, at school, after school, during the weekends. Never at Sam's place though. He still hadn't told Dean, or any of his friends for that matter, so they spent most of their time at Lucifer's, in The Cage, in town, sometimes Sam even dared to take his boyfriend back to the library, although he always felt guilty towards the librarian afterwards. Point was that Sam was happy. He and Kevin had had a couple more gaming nights, which had been a lot of fun, Dean had stopped complaining about Lucifer and it was pretty damn clear his brother wasn't hanging out with Michael anymore. Everything considered, there wasn't a single thing that was holding him back from being with Lucifer. And celebrating that.
"Okay, then how about the other guy?"
Lucifer looked down at Crowley again. "That's your last name? MacLeod? What is that, Irish?"
After half an hour the front door opened and Dean came in. And he didn't exactly look very happy.
Bobby had popped in a bit earlier. Dean and him were just finishing preparing dinner when Sam arrived. Well, Dean did the cooking while Bobby handed him stuff and drank a beer. It wasn't like Dean was that great at cooking, actually he had to admit even Sam was a lot better at it, but he'd learned from experience. Besides, he liked taking care of his little brother.
"Am I really supposed to believe that?"
"She's amazing. She also teaches Herbology. I'm sure you'll like her."
Cas remained silent for a couple of seconds, processing what he'd just said.
"It is that simple, he
Then a reply came after all.
Sam thought.
"Dean, it's not as simple..." Michael started again, but to no avail.
Crowley just looked at him calmly. "It is hilarious actually. Which is exactly why Lucifer put it here."
"So what's the usual?" Michael asked, curiosity clearly visible in his eyes.
Dean shrugged. "I didn't tell anyone, really. Didn't know how."
Dean laughed at that. "Are you kidding me? You did. Basically from the moment we met."
"Friends or not, if one of them is doing this, I'll let them have it," Sam concluded.
Dean quickly raised his hands. "Whoa there, Sammy, that's a lot of assumptions, not to mention crazy. Why is it so impossible that they just act alike?"
Dean raised an eyebrow. "I'm sorry?" When Cas laughed, the corner of his mouth involuntarily turned up.
"Thank god some things haven't changed," Dean mumbled and Sam couldn't agree more.
"Yeah, sure," Dean agreed and then gave him a reassuring smile.
"A guy can't have lunch with his brother anymore?"
Dean dropped down into his own and turned off the light. "Goodnight, Sammy."
Dean shook his head. He felt guilty about lying to her, but he couldn't tell her the truth either. Not yet. He was just about to turn back to his friends when he noticed a familiar trenchcoat. "Hey, I'll see you guys later, alright?" he quickly told them before heading off and approaching Castiel.
"Oh I'd love a dog," Gabriel answered.
Before he could even start trying though, Cas suddenly took his beer from him. Dean just stared as he put the bottle on the hood in between them, and then took Dean's hand in his and looked back at the water.
When he finally heard the front door open, he practically ran towards the hallway. He walked in just in time to see his little brother enter the house drenched to the skin.
"But I'd barely met him at that point!"
Dean nodded, although he suspected there was still something Gabriel wasn't letting on. "How?"
"What?" he snarled.
"But hey, at least you got something good out of it now," he pointed out with a comforting smile.
That got Lucifer's attention just as well and he smiled back happily. "I like the way you're thinking, Sammy."
"Wondering about what?" Castiel asked when he didn't continue, and opened the door.
"What?"
Both him and Gabriel turned sideways at once. Michael was standing next to them, arms crossed and a disapproving look on his face.
That got Dean a nod but it was soon followed by a sigh. "Dean, I want to help you but..." The hesitant silence Cas left finished his sentence.
Dean scrolled down and clicked his alter ego's name. "He is. One year," he commented sarcastically.
Dean frowned. "What? Me talking to the Trickster, what are you talking about?"
Sam huffed in disbelief. He thought he started to understand why Lucifer wasn't that close to his father. He guessed it wasn't that strange, Lucifer's dad had only planned on adopting one kid after all, but he had a bad feeling about where this was going.
"Anything. You would be a very boring example though, book smart, straight A's, hard worker, not much more to say really. Your friend, however," he turned to towards Sam, "is quite an interesting case."
"Pretty sure that's his decision, isn't it?" Dean told her before turning his gaze to Cas, silently praying that he hadn't been wrong about his friend. If Cas was gonna betray him too...
"You don't even know us."
"Ignore it," Lucifer grumbled against his lips, clearly annoyed at the interruption.
"What happened to you?" Cas asked, the confusion clear in his voice.
Lucifer tilted his head, a pensive look on his face. "Actually..." he started and for a moment Sam was scared of what he would say, but then he continued, "I kinda had something else planned for us."
"And a Licorice Wand for me," Less Hot Guy added.
"Or you can just let me take care of you," Lucifer teased him.
For a couple of seconds, Dean just stood there on the threshold, without knowing what to say. He had so many things to say, or ask, or yell, but in the end it all came down to one thing.
"Castiel, it's Dean Winchester. I need to talk to you."
"Fine," the Winchester replied. "Now, why are you doing this?"
Just speechless, he spread his arms, opening his mouth, closing it again and eventually just saying, "Are you serious right now?"
Dean decided to ignore the comment. "I asked Cas to hang out, is it alright if he drives with us?"
He pulled up an eyebrow. "Anything else?"
Dean gave him a deadly glare. "You mind changing the subject?"
Sam swallowed. "No kidding."
"Only Sammy here." He motioned towards his brother, who by now probably got he wasn't going to be very involved in this conversation. "He's in law school. I'm working as a mechanic."
"What the hell are you doing?"
They all exchanged small greetings and now that Sam had come home, Bobby felt comfortable enough to leave the boys on their own for the night. He needed to get back to his own place, but he'd step by again the next day.
he texted back before getting Lucifer and heading back to the entrance.
Dean guessed that was what had made him kiss him; he trusted Cas enough to know that, even if he didn't feel the same way, he wouldn't judge. He wouldn't expect anything. He would just find a way to calm Dean down, like he always did. Like he had.
Sam's eyes grew big. "Wait..."
"Rock me momma like a wagon wheel, rock me momma any way you feel, heeeeey momma rock me! Rock me momma like the wind and the rain, rock me momma like a southbound train, heeeeey momma rock me!" Lucifer and Sam screamed at the top of their lungs.
He was immediately bombarded with exclamations of surprise and questions of all kinds. "Calm down, does the whole school need to know?" he interrupted them loudly. Then he told them everything that happened Friday night. He didn't skip a detail, he explained all of it, from Sam's disappearance and his trip to The Cage with Lucifer to Michael's help, Crowley's sort of help and even the other Shurley kid's interference. Some of his friends had already heard the main parts but never the whole story. When he was finished, Dean was met with looks of confusion, surprise and horror. While he went quiet, the others started asking questions again.
Dean opened his mouth... and closed it again. It wasn't exactly like he could prove to Sam Lucifer didn't care about him, not when the guy hadn't done a single thing pointing in that direction.
He groaned and quickly sent another text.
In the meantime Michael had opened the basket.
Sam nearly laughed just out of shock alone but from the looks of it, Dean was actually being serious. "Dean, people paid hundreds of dollars for this thing!"
"Hi," he greeted her in surprise. It had been a while since he'd talked to her.
"Hi, Sammy," he tried as cheerfully as possible.
After dinner it quickly started to get late, so Bobby left and Sam and Dean went upstairs to their shared bedroom after saying their dad goodnight.
Eventually they bought a couple of different kinds of honey and had to leave because Anthony should be closing up. The next stop on Dean's tour was the Roadhouse for dinner. He happened to know that Jo would be out but her mom wasn't.
He was about to leave, so Dean quickly said, "Wait... Dude, I don't even know your name."
Sam sighed. "Calm down, we'll fix it. Just... act normal."
Michael had been playing with his food absentmindedly up until now. "So Gryffindors and Slytherins aren't really supposed to hang out?" he asked carefully and added to himself,
"Then my brother would probably hunt your ass down and kill you," Sam grinned lovingly.
They drove through the rain in a happy, satisfied silence.
he told her.
Lucifer sat up but the frown didn't disappear. "Did you talk to your brother?" he asked. "I wouldn't be surprised if he still believed Michael."
"There you go, Jensen," their driver said. "Home sweet home. You guys have a nice evening."
"Wow," he commented.
Immediately his younger brother's eyes grew big, his jaw dropped and that was all the confirmation Dean needed.
"Hi," the guy greeted him.
"Gabriel," Sam basically breathed out before he could stop himself.
Dean stared off into the distance, considering that. "Maybe."
Sam shrugged. "Like I said, I knew you didn't like Lucifer. And also, I didn't know how you'd feel about... you know..." He made some vague gesture and then it hit Dean.
Carefully at first, he allowed himself to relax into the kiss. It took him a couple of seconds but then he pressed his lips against the other man's. It was different from any other kiss he'd ever had - especially the beard - and yet for some reason he didn't mind. Without thinking about it, he was suddenly sliding his hands around Richard's waist, and he was surprised to find that all of...
"No, actually," Sam laughed. "He somehow figured it out by himself, I guess."
Dean ran a hand through his hair. "I never actually got out my textbooks."
He didn't notice Dean coming up to him or the tears running down his face.
"Well, it's my pleasure really," Molly says. "So don't be afraid to ask me if you need anything. Oh and you can always go to Professor Hudson too, the witch that led the Sorting Ceremony? She's our Head teacher and she's a real sweetheart. There isn't a thing she wouldn't do for her students."
"Are you okay?" Dean softly asked.
"He doesn't even know you."
Dean let out a faint laugh and shrugged. "Still kicking."
"No."
Obviously he didn't get a reply but he didn't move anyway. There was nowhere else for him to go. He lay down in the grass, his head next to the shiny headstone, before taking out his phone and sending two texts.
He knew he would have to be very careful in his approach if he wanted some answers. "Hey, you never told me. How were things with Cas?"
"So how are we gonna get out of it?"
He could ask of course, but if Dean really wasn't in a mood to share, that would only piss him off. Sam guessed he could also ask Cas if something happened between the two of them but he didn't the boy's phone number.
Dean said and then ended the call.
He smiled thankfully at his older brother. With Dean by his side Sam knew he'd always be okay, no matter what.
Sam laughed and shook his head. "You're unbelievable."
It was only now that he noticed the bit of concern on Cas's face, even though he was still smiling a little. Right, he really was going to start making sense of his thoughts.
Molly had already opened her mouth to encourage him a bit more, but to her surprise Adam beat her to it.
"Oh yes, of course!" the witch called. "A piece of pumpkin tart then? I also have Cauldron Cakes if you'd like."
"Did you piss of the Trickster or something?" Lisa said and they all looked at her in surprise.
Sky blue eyes turned towards his. "I'm doing well, Dean, thank you for asking." Then they gazed ahead again. "What about you, after Tuesday?"
"So where do you wanna go next?" Michael asked and Dean knew it was gonna be a long day.
Immediately Richard's expression softened and he sighed, taking another step towards him. "Why didn't you call me? I mean, I know I've been busy but I could've quickly come by to pick you up..."
"Hello, dear," the lady greeted him. "What can I get for you?"
Instead of answering, Dean pressed 'call' and waited for the person he'd been looking for to pick up. He didn't have to wait very long.
"Oh no, it's okay," Dean was quick to say, realizing how he'd probably just come across. "It's fine, really. I just get a little cranky when I'm hungry," he grinned.
"I don't know, I just didn't think you were that close."
The English kid laughed and shook his head. "No, sorry. Never met a Mary in my life."
"No way," Dean said, and his little brother shook his head in disbelief.
Gryffindor:
Sam bit his bottom lip, the adrenaline of the game coursing through his veins. "Maybe."
Ten more minutes passed before the car pulled up into the driveway of a cozy house. A house that neither of them recognized as Jared Padalecki's.
God, what was it about the guy that always just made him so... happy?
"Because," he defended himself, "I needed some space, alright?"
Michael smiled at him reassuringly. "He'll be okay, just give him some time."
"Yup," his boyfriend smiled in that seemingly innocent way of his.
"Fine," Dean said in a voice that even sounded weird to him. He tried again, "It was fine, thanks."
brother? Didn't you hear what Lisa said?"
Castiel looked at him like he was getting really sick of this conversation. "You want my advice, Dean? It's very simple. If you like Michael, dump your girlfriend and tell him. If not, there shouldn't be a problem in the first place."
He doubted if this conversation would go anywhere useful, so he decided it would be better to just drop it. "Alright, I'm sorry, okay?"
And then he was gone.
- Sherlock Holmes
They went upstairs and Lucifer opened the door to a very nice apartment. A big living room and a simple but seemingly flawless kitchen with a beautiful, modern interior.
When Cas noticed him smiling however, he took it the wrong way and shut up immediately. He looked down hastily and muttered, "Sorry, you probably think it's ridiculous."
He imagined Cas smiling and automatically smiled back at the thought. A smile that only brightened when Castiel simply said,
to know Misha either, because trying to get to know the guy would mean he was investing in a future in this place, and Dean didn't want a future in this place. Maybe that wasn't fair towards Misha, but it wasn't fair to him either. He just wanted to go home, back to Cas, and Baby, and the bunker, and angels, demons, ghosts, and vampires. It only made sense that he wasn't excited to be here, so why the hell was Misha making him feel so guilty?
The red Corvette came to a halt in front of a fancy apartment complex. Sam looked up at the building in surprise. Lucifer had told him he got his own place after moving out of his dad's house, but he surely hadn't been expecting this.
And now the old Sammy seemed to be back, or at least a little bit of him, but Dean would gradually take it. Hell, he felt like he had never been so relieved in his whole life.
At the end, after a lot of misunderstandings and awkward silences, Castiel had agreed to meet up with him tomorrow morning before school. Normally he'd hate to get up that early but this was an emergency. He had to talk about this before he came face to face with Michael again and Castiel was the only one who knew what was going on. At least Dean hoped not all the Shurleys did.
Dean pulled up his eyebrows in surprise. "
Gabriel texted back, and Sam nearly choked on air.
"I know what a convention is, Sam, why the hell does this show have one?"
"So how's the family?" Dean asked. Not that he was so eager to have another conversation about those bastards but he wanted to make sure Cas wasn't in any trouble.
"Hey, baby!" Misha's voice suddenly put their banter to a stop. The brothers exchanged a final challenging look before silently agreeing they'd finish this later.
Bobby gave him a look and Sam had the feeling he could see right through him. "Good. I like him. He's a nice kid, been your friend since day one."
"It's about Chuck Shurley," Jessica explained. "Now go on, Lisa."
Gabriel offered him a smile. "I keep my eyes open."
"Wait, are you saying you don't like what it's done to me?" Dean interrupted his thoughts and Sam's jaw dropped. Was his brother being
"Hi," he brought out in surprise, feeling a little bit guilty. He was aware he hadn't been a great friend to Kevin lately. They always got along well, had a lot in common and basically had been friends for years. But now it felt like ages ago since they'd had a proper conversation. Which probably was also the case. After Jessica's death Sam had shut out all of his friends, even Kevin. Although he felt bad about it, at the time he needed his space and he appreciated his friends respecting that. Then Lucifer had come along and Sam had unexpectedly felt a little bit more like his old self again. But he had to admit that with the arrival of his new friend he had forgotten about his others a bit.
"What they're trying to say," Charlie interfered, "is that maybe the Shurleys like to be by themselves." She smiled at him. "But I think it's cute you're so nice to them."
"From a friend?" If Bobby had noticed his voice hardening, he didn't show.
"I'm saying you don't know the whole story, Dean!"
"Good," Lucifer answered, started the engine, put the car in reverse and took off.
When he'd gotten all of his stuff, he grabbed a piece of paper and scrambled down her name and address, which was also his current location. He always kept some information on the ones he really liked. You never knew if they would still be single in ten, twenty years or something. If he was ready to settle then, he could at least trace the few women he considered spending the rest of his life with. Even if they weren't his soulmates.
. And Samandriel was looking just as surprised. Castiel turned his gaze to the direction the napkin had come from and saw a smiling brunette diagonally across from him. She was a local, already wearing the colors of their House, which the Ilvermorny students would only get later tonight.
But man, was it worth it when that small blush colored Samandriel's cheeks again. "I'd like that," the boy answered in a quiet voice before quickly looking down at his plate again.
"It's not that big a deal, okay?" Dean was quick to say. Then he stopped for a moment. "I mean, it's... it's awesome, but... I mean, it's still..."
"Sure," she shrugged. "We're missing a Chaser but our usual Keeper isn't too bad at that too. You can take his place."
Michael shrugged in response. "Different years, different Houses. But I've heard of you of course." He grinned. "Dean has quite the reputation."
Hate to say it guys, but I'm afraid updates will be coming up a bit slower from now on... Love you all and thanks for your amazing support!
Sam shrugged and looked down in an attempt to hide the blush that was slowly covering his cheeks. It wasn't that he was embarrassed at how close they were standing but the rush that came with it. Everything with Lucifer was a rush.
Sam approached the first one and knocked on the door. When he didn't get a reply, he walked over to the next to do the same. After some rumbling sounds, the door opened and Dean let out a relieved sigh.
Charlie had been going through a small notebook she'd taken with her on the train but now looked up from it. At first the girl just smiled mysteriously but when her two friends seemed to be taking this very seriously, she laughed. "Well, I didn't. Or not that I'm aware of at least. I didn't really have a preference anyway."
"Sam. Sam, wait!" he said while rushing into the hallway. Sam stopped but he didn't turn around. "Listen, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that, okay? I didn't mean it like that. It's just... dammit, Sammy, I haven't seen you this happy in ages. And I've really missed it."
She laughed and grabbed him by the hand. "We're gonna dance, silly!"
"Maybe I'm just happy," Sam answered softly before he pulled Lucifer back down to him.
Dean laughed a little. "That's very kind of him but he doesn't need to worry about me."
No matter how tempted Sam was to ask about how he slept, he knew they had more important things to worry about and changed the subject. "You wanna get ready? Misha's gone for a run but he told me our driver Clif called to say he will be picking us up in fifteen. He would've told you, but he said you were still asleep."
"Oh, if they're the ones bullying you, they're gonna get it from me too, believe me," his brother agreed, immediately becoming protective of him.
When Lucifer finally pulled away, Sam was left shocked to the bone and out of breath. The Shurley put a step back while Sam was still trying to recover from the kiss, and said with an amused grin, "So, guess that makes me your boyfriend now, huh?"
"I'll text you, alright?" he continued, and after Cas nodded, the both of them left the bathroom again. Since no one they knew was in sight, he took advantage of the opportunity to give Cas a wink before they went their separate ways.
"Sure, no problem," Dean mumbled. They passed the house anyway.
"What if he isn't?" Sam urged. In only a few minutes, his mind had gone over this again and again and again. "What if he's somehow still alive? Or his grace ended up in this universe instead of the Empty? Maybe he doesn't even know who he is anymore and just ended up taking Richard as a vessel or something!"
His worry cast a shadow over the rest of his day and he couldn't wait to get out of school and allow Cas to distract him. When the school bell finally rang, he let out a relieved sigh before getting up from his seat. He said goodbye to Charlie and Jo - Benny was in another class - and strolled out of the school building. He got in Bobby's spare car and for a moment he thought about his little brother again. Sam had told him he was gonna go with Lucifer after school, he wouldn't need a ride. But Dean wouldn't be Dean if he didn't for the smallest of moments checked his rearview mirror to see if he could catch a glimpse of Sam anyway. Which of course he couldn't.
place to pick up cute, smart, dorky nerds."
After class Dean hastily headed back to his locker, glad to find Lisa waiting for him next to it.
"Hi," Hot Guy greeted her. "I'd like a bag of Apple Rings, please."
"At home," Gabriel shrugged, popping the sucker back in his mouth.
"Really?" his brother asked in shock. "Holy shit, I thought this were my jeans. I'll go change!" And then he ran back up the stairs.
Weird. This was all getting way too weird.
He sighed when he realized his thoughts were far, far away from focusing on his work. It didn't matter if Castiel and his brother were nice. It didn't even matter if he was slightly intrigued by Gabriel's eyes, because he was never gonna see either of them again.
"Must be nice," John noted.
"Please tell me you'll pass."
He nodded. "I thought about that too. But honestly, I don't think they even hang out that often anymore. Maybe they've gotten into a fight or something?"
"Wait, what?"
"Hey baby, I got you flowers," Cas said in a voice that was very...
After Sam had finished his breakfast, he got his backpack and gave Dean an expectant look.
Not trusting his voice, Sam just looked at him apologetically. He could immediately see the disappointment in his brother's eyes, quickly followed by a look of pain and worry. For a moment Sam thought he was going to try to convince him anyways, but Dean just remained silent, gave him a slow nod and grasped the handle.
"Gabriel!" Castiel tried again, knowing it was hopeless anyways.
His boyfriend just huffed and acted as if he was deeply insulted while he started walking ahead of him, so Sam grabbed his arm and pulled him back with a confident grin on his face. Lucifer bumped into him and all of a sudden they were standing very close to each other. Their gazes locked and if they weren't in public, Sam would've kissed him right there and then. Unfortunately they were and Lucifer knew it too, Sam could tell by the arrogant, I-told-you-so look on his face.
The answer came within seconds.
After a hesitant nod, the boy rushed out of the bathroom, not even bothering to wash his hands.
Groaning in annoyance, Gabriel rolled his eyes. "For the last time, I don't want anything to do with the family feud. You think if I was doing this for Michael, I wouldn't have told him about you and Castiel being friends again?"
"And how am I supposed to do that?" Dean questioned.
"Bobby?" Dean asked and he sounded just as surprised as Sam felt. "What are you doing here?"
Dean laughed and shook his head. "Dude, you're sixteen. Of course you don't."
Lucifer acted like the words had shocked him to the bone. "Sammy, I'm offended! That hurts my feelings, you know!"
He could've sworn his heart would crumple right there and then. "Just a break," he smiled. "Promised." Although he wasn't sure if he'd be able to keep it.
"Dean, my family..." Cas continued, shaking his head. "I have seen how you and Sam treat each other, how good your relationship is. You're there for each other, no matter what. I love my family but we have never been like that. And you..." He smiled. "You say I should drink alcohol and go to parties to have fun but I have been to several parties and now I have tasted alcohol too, and I think spending time with you is much more fun than either of those things."
Sam's eyes grew big. "I knew it! I told you it wasn't Lucifer's fault!" he grinned.
"That's ridiculous," Sam let out, and put a step back. The other boy looked disappointed, and he immediately felt the impulse to try and fix it. He just wanted Lucifer to be happy. The guy had gone through enough as it was.
Sam watched him leave in silence.
"Now, how about you and that pretty, little ass of yours go find Jensen so we can start shooting in ten, and then we'll finish this...
(- Bobby Singer)
Dean nodded. "Sounds like a plan. I'll look for more in the trailer. Come find me when you're done."
It only took the other boy a couple of seconds to reply.
"That's what our relationship meant to you? Having fun?" Sam asked incredulously.
Once he was gone, the two Winchesters were left staring at each other angrily.
"How would you know?" Sam answered, grabbing Lucifer's hand and taking a leap himself. "You barely know me."
Sam opened his mouth to defend himself but he never got the chance.
Lucifer flicked his tongue against his teeth. "Something wrong?" he asked in a teasing voice.
Gabriel tilted his head in a little nod. "Guilty."
"Fine, you can add one of those too then," Gabriel shrugged.
"He's my brother and he's in your class."
"No way!" Dean replied excitedly. If he hadn't been sure about his choice of friends before, he sure was now. "I'm a Chaser. And you too, Michael, right?"
"Oh yeah? 'Cause I didn't gain shit from it!"
"You mean so Lucifer can't come and get me?" Sam scoffed.
"Nice meeting you. Sorry I kept your brother so long. Castiel, this my little brother, Sam."
Dean replied with a grin on his face.
The two of them laughed at that and continued on the subject a bit more. Michael and John exchanged a smile at the enthusiasm the boys shared. It looked like the Americans had found their squad.
Lisa nodded and he pulled her into a hug. "I love you," she whispered against his chest.
When the guy desperately started yelling reversal spells, all in vain of course, Gabriel started to feel the tiniest bit bad for him. "Don't bother, buddy," he sighed. "That won't work. It's all homemade, so only I know how to reverse it."
So Dean decided to just go for it, "What do you want?"
"What happened?" Dean directed his attention to his brother again.
When the signing stopped, there was a clasp of hands to his left and a soft, almost careful voice saying, "Hi."
When he'd arrived to his physics class, usually the most boring one of all, it had been chaos. Pure, absolute chaos.
"Wha- That's not-," Dean stumbled. "You're shitting me, right?"
This wouldn't be the end of it.
"It's all my fault, I know," Dean finished his sentence. "Now let's go to bed, tomorrow is gonna be a long day."
"I'm sorry," Gabriel said, looking at him almost sympathetically, "but it is. Why else do you think they've been secretly holding hands, sneaking into empty classrooms, spending literally every free moment together? Come on, Dean-o, even you are not that stupid."
Dean prayed he wouldn't still be here next week. "Yeah... alright."
During their break, Dean told his friends he had to go do something and then started to comb out the school. The guy wasn't at his locker, or in the library, or already at his next class, which Dean only knew about because Sam was in the same one. All of that wasn't going to stop him though. He wandered the hallways, keeping an eye out for the tan trench coat or anything else that could give him a clue about Cas's whereabouts.
Cas answered to his surprise.
He honestly didn't know how to answer that without ruining the moment or moving too fast, but apparently he didn't have too because he got a second text.
"Boring as usual," Jessica said. "French?"
"Alright, you said you know where The Cage is?" Dean said, eager to get to business.
"Exactly." Balthazar leaned down and rested his arms on the table. "I'm hosting another party. Now, my brother may not be your biggest fan at the moment but you have a lot of friends, people seem to like you and it's not at our house anyway. There will be plenty of girls, or guys in case Michael completely turned around the way you're swinging, and booze. What do you think?"
He tried calling Sam again. After leaving the umpteenth voicemail he tried Lucifer's number another time. Charlie had pulled it up for him, but Lucifer didn't answer either. Dean wondered if the guy could sense it was him calling.
Michael shifted in his seat before looking him in the eyes. "Look, Dean, clearly there's something going on between the both of us. After Monday, I don't think even you can deny that. So I'm going to be honest with you. I like you, Dean. Really like you. And I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure you feel it too."
Castiel asked him.
"Such a tease," the older boy complained while Sam opened the door and stepped out of the car.
Okay, what the hell was happening on Sunday? Sam let out a nervous laugh. "Yeah, that's true. Thanks, Clif."
"Ho- how did you-" Sam started but he was too shocked to finish his sentence.
"Yeah, I guess that's fair," Sam laughed. "Do the others know? Charlie, Jo, Benny? Did you tell Lisa?"
Gabriel shrugged. "I'll take that as a compliment." Then he turned to his fellow American, finally being able to place the guy. "You're Wampus, right?"
"Okay, I'll just text her and the others. Let's get you to the car first."
He spent the weekend mainly in his room. He could see Dean was worried about him but he was too tired to care. The days flashed by one by one, seemingly endlessly. He hadn't slept properly since the fire. Every time he closed his eyes he saw the house, or worse, he saw Jess. The nightmares were eating him alive.
- Dean Winchester
Trying not to roll his eyes, he said, "I promise I won't make that mistake again, trust me."
"Would not! He holds his principles in very high regard."
He opened his mouth several times, but... nothing came out. Groaning in desperation, Dean buried his head in hands. "I suck at this."
"Yeah okay, uhm..."
"Thunderbird," he proclaimed, with a look just as smug as Michael's had been.
He rolled his eyes. "
"Well yeah, but during lunch?" He really wasn't getting where Cas was going with this. Sure, he'd spend a lot of time with Sam at school too (at least before he was abducted by Lucifer), but that had also to do with the fact that they'd both been friends with Jo and Charlie even before high school. Him and Sam, they'd just always... been there for each other. Sam was a shy kid and Dean would be damned if he'd acted like one of those arrogant pricks that ignored their younger siblings at school.
"I was angry at Lucifer. For his behavior towards Dad but also because... You see, we'd had a fight a couple of days before that, the day before Adam and Eve arrived. Not about Dad or anything, just a stupid fight between friends. Except that... it wasn't. It was different... worse, and at a certain point Lucifer said some things... things that... hurt me. He'd hurt me so much." Dean could've sworn he saw a flash of pain shoot through the older boy's eyes. "Then he pretended nothing had happened and I was just so... incredibly pissed at him! In that moment I hated him, I wanted revenge, so when Dad asked me to show him the door, I... I did."
Michael's gaze dropped a little and Dean found himself finally able to breathe again, dropping his arms and quickly taking a step back.
Thinking about his brother he quickly got out his phone. School would be over soon and he doubted he would be back in time.
Once he noticed Mick watching him, the English boy dared to ask, "Excuse me? I don't want to intrude but weren't you one of the Shurleys?"
"I'm sure they'll be an example of the same values they were taught at Ilvermorny and try their very best to complete this exchange successfully. We are incredibly grateful for the chance they've been offered and the welcome that they're given, which I'm sure is just as warm as the one the Hogwarts students are receiving right now at Ilvermorny. Now, it's been a long trip and we're all hungry, so I won't keep you any longer and just want to wish you good luck and a wonderful, enlightening experience. Thank you."
At second thought they had decided not to go to the Roadhouse because Sam was afraid they might run into Jo. Instead they'd grabbed a bite on the way to The Cage. Initially Sam hadn't thought he would want to stay for long. He was still tired from their evening out yesterday. Sure, it hadn't been that late, but going to a club was... exhausting, and he'd had to get up early for school. But as soon as they got in and Lucifer almost literally pulled him out of his comfort zone, he was washed over with the same feeling of happiness as yesterday. He didn't know if it was the club or just Lucifer's company, but he felt like he could go on forever.
Sam raised an eyebrow at him and huffed. "How about the most obvious question?" he said, gesturing in his direction. "What happened to your jacket?"
So when he heard a knock on the door and his brother walked in, Sam hung his head.
"Everything," he simply answered. If he wanted Lucifer, really wanted him, he knew he would need the truth to convince Dean and his dad.
, and SOMEBODY ASSAULTED MY CAR! That's what happened to me today!"
Without pausing, Lucifer hummed in response.
"What is it?" Castiel grumbled while packing for college.
When Dean gave him a defiant look in return, the kid put up his hands in defense. "Sorry, didn't mean to offend you or something."
Sam told himself. He knew that.
When they got to school the next day, Dean had made up a pretty nice plan to get Cas to spend more time with him, and hopefully teach the guy how to have some fun since that didn't seem to happen at the Shurleys'.
"I'm going to Lucifer's tonight, okay?" Sam asked as he pulled into the parking lot. Bobby had dropped off one of the poor excuses of a car he still had lying around at his place last night.
"Really? 'Cause you didn't look that eager earlier," he snapped back. Yes, definitely still angry.
(- John Winchester)
Bobby looked at him like it was the most stupid question in the world. "Well, your dad left yesterday, so here I am."
His friend seemed to think about that for a moment, and Dean watched the way the wind played with his dark hair while he waited for a reply. He didn't know what he was hoping to hear. He never meant to start a vendetta with the Shurleys but he wasn't planning on letting them scare him either. Cas didn't have to get involved with that. Being friends behind Michael's back was one thing but Dean had the feeling it wouldn't continue to be that easy.
"I... I know."
"Maybe he's been stalking Michael."
The younger boy bit his lip, his blue eyes turned downwards. "I'm sorry. I do want to, it's just..." His gaze shifted to a point to Dean's right and Dean looked over his shoulder to see what he was looking at.
Dean just snorted. "Well yeah, but still..." He opened the Wikipedia page and started reading it out. "'Richard Speight Jr., born September 4, 1970, is an American actor, director, screenwriter and producer' - wow, this guy's been busy - 'who is known for a variety of roles including CBS TV series
"And what would you mean by that, boy?" the Sorting Hat whispered into his ear.
This conversation really wasn't going anywhere useful. Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose. "What do you think they are?"
He laughed in surprise and held the key up to Dean. "Look at this."
Sam's jaw dropped. "Your name's not Lucifer?" He had trouble picturing Lucifer not being called Lucifer.
"Dean, are you okay?" Sam asked hesitantly.
"He turned on my father first!"
With a little laugh, Dean shrugged and blurted out, "Hey, don't let me stop you."
Today was just another one of these days. The Trickster walked by and Sam watched him angrily. He was actually watching so attentively he didn't even notice someone coming up to him.
"Listen, this is an extraordinary event for all of us," his older brother continued. "The four of us have been chosen for this special occasion and it is our duty to not screw it up." Okay, so maybe his gaze rested on Gabriel a little longer than it did on their other brothers. "Now, we're all nervous but that's perfectly normal, alright? We're heading into unfamiliar territory and it's gonna be quite the adjustment. Of course we will always have each other but it's still basically like our first day at Ilvermorny. We'll be in different years and probably different Houses too, just like at home. Maybe we'll be a little less divided, maybe even more. But whatever happens later today, whatever Houses we get into, I want the three of you to do one thing for me." He locked eyes with each one of them before saying, "I want you to make some friends in your Houses. Locals, if possible. Because we're all new to this, so if you need anything, at anytime, you've gotta have someone who can help you."
"Really?" Dean commented incredulously. "Lucifer?"
"I mean tricking people is one thing but this could have really gotten out of hand. Someone could have get hurt."
"Yes, of course!" Sam immediately answered and he mentally kicked himself for forgetting to text the other boy. "Did you ask your mom?"
Dean laughed a little. "Yeah, good luck with that. I've already searched the entire town. Twice."
Sam let out a laugh. "Are you sure you want to go with me? I mean, I probably end up burning down the house or something."
"Why not?" Sam decided to tease him a little bit further.
The entire Great Hall would probably agree Michael looked a bit too proud when he got to the stool.
Sam offered his younger brother an apologizing smile. They all knew Adam had quite the thing for one of his classmates, even though he refused to tell them who exactly this mysterious boy was. They only knew Adam liked him but didn't really know him very well because the guy apparently spent most of his time with his family. But that was enough for Dean to tease him about it.
"So you're not a fan of him, huh?" Dean asked John before the two could start fighting again.
Gabriel?"
Lucifer opened the door and walked out. Or at least he attempted to walk out. To his surprise however, Sam saw him stumble as he put a step forward before slipping and falling over, right on his face. As the younger boy looked down in shock, he noticed the floor was covered in small marbles.
"You're still eating that crap?" Dean asked mockingly.
Michael buried his head in his hands. "Don't..."
Dean started to feel like this conversation wouldn't be going anywhere so he decided to interfere. "So... Ketch?"
"Millions," Castiel answered plainly and Dean burst out in laughter at the comment. The boy gave him a puzzled look but it didn't really get through to him.
his friend's voice immediately came through.
"What happened between Crowley and Lucifer?"
"That would be very nice of you," Castiel smiled. "Thank you."
The blonde boy seemed like he was waiting for an answer, but honestly Sam couldn't remember what he'd said in the first place.
"And you love me for it," Lucifer retorted.
He immediately noticed the slightly hurt look on his brother's face. "Well yeah, but... I would've given you all the space you needed, Sammy, you know that."
he typed back.
"I... No," he quickly said. "Of course not. He wouldn't do that. Right?" Why was the insecurity suddenly eating its way through his brain?
Cas just looked at him with the same calm demeanor as always. "I highly doubt that's the case. Gabriel may be a bit of an... ass but he's not one for injustice. He wouldn't try to hurt Sam unless he'd in any way wronged him."
"British people are weird," Charlie sing-songed.
Dean stared at him hesitantly. "I don't know... Maybe a bit, why?"
"Is that a rhetorical question?" Castiel asked and Dean was fairly sure that if he hadn't been such a wreck at the moment, he would have punched the guy.
"Jensen, I've had four glasses, I can't drive him!"
"What about them?"
(See the end of the chapter for
He shook his head in confusion, still not understanding what Gabriel had to do with all of this. "
Somebody had cut the tires of the Impala. Somebody had cut the tires of
"Good. So that leaves you and me. Now tell me what to do about it."
"The one and only," his friend said.
Just when he thought she would let it go, Dean got another.
"It doesn't matter, Dean."
"Well, let's see who it is then," Dean said and before Sam could object, he rang the bell.
"Yeah, I'm in my Master in Biology and my brother is finishing his in History."
Sam thought.
"Okay," Michael agreed with a small smile. "Let's get on the same page."
- Lucifer Milton
"Cas?" Sam questioned in surprise. "As in
"Kid needs someone to teach him how to have fun, that's all."
"Jesus, you two fight like an old married couple," Michael's other brother laughed.
That first day Dean had convinced their dad to allow him to stay home from school. His brother even tried to get him the day off on Friday too but John wouldn't have it. Yes, he understood what his youngest son was going through, probably better than anyone else since he'd lost their mother and the love of his life too, years ago. Still, Sam needed to stay strong. He couldn't just give up, he had to keep fighting, no matter how hard it was.
out."
"So, you never just say anything without a deeper meaning."
"No, you've got Lucifer for that, right?" Okay, he wasn't going to lie about it; Dean couldn't help but grin as his brother remained silent.
Dean arrived at the park only ten minutes after school had ended. Sam would be at Kevin's, so he didn't have to drop him off first. He strolled around a bit, suddenly becoming nervous, before deciding he needed to calm his shit and sitting down on one of the benches.
"In my family, you're either a loyal member or you're banished forever. There's no in between. Now, he may have doubts but Cassie is loyal. He'd be lost without his family. Think about that when you ask him to set off to the horizon with you."
Castiel looked at him in disbelief. "If you say so."
"Then how did you get here?"
Horned Serpent:
Misha asked, sounding even more confused than Sam felt.
"Dean..." Sam finally started but before he could say another word, his brother beat him to it.
"Doesn't matter," Sam was quick to say. "Point is, what if..." He sighed. He knew this was gonna sound ridiculous. "What if Richard somehow
He would be lying if he said he wasn't smiling a bit while walking to his new table.
The next day Dean strolled into his physics class.
"Hey, Sam," Kevin greeted him.
Sam's eyes grew big. "It's you. But... how... you're dead."
- Charlie Bradbury
Didn't matter how hard he tried, Dean couldn't suppress a smile at that.
Cas stopped his rambling.
"They were screaming the entire house together."
"Speak for yourself, brother," a voice sounded from behind them.
He couldn't remember the last time him and Sam had had such a good conversation. Was he really willing to go behind his brother's back and betray that trust just because everyone kept saying Lucifer would break Sammy's heart? Okay yeah, if you put it like that... Technically it wasn't even him who was gonna do something about it. All he'd had to do was not go against Gabriel, whatever it was the guy had planned.
The Shurley boy gave him that arrogant grin of his. "I really think we should order that pizza now."
The three Americans looked to the Head Table in unison. The older witch was sitting on Chuck Shurley's other side and just tapped his hand because he was about to steal away another chicken leg. His sons watched the event fondly, knowing their dad had never really been one for table manners. He was a big fan of finger food.
When the bell finally rang, he almost ran out of class and made his way to Sam's locker. His brother arrived a little later, busy talking to Kevin.
He was relieved when school was over and he could go home with Dean. They had agreed to pick up the girls and their other friends later on.
was true. Sam would've told him. Sam told him everything, so surely something as important as this... He opened his mouth to deny it but nothing came out. What was he supposed to say? With the very few time he'd spent with his brother lately, what could he possibly say to prove Gabriel wrong?
His friend looked away with a little smile of his own and what Dean could've sworn was a slight blush. "Does that mean," he said, playing with one of the buttons on his trench coat, "that it's okay we just text and talk outside of school?"
"I don't have to, there's 'pathetic' written all over you."
"How about," he suggested, "I come over Friday night instead?"
As Dean opened the door, he was immediately attacked by a loud pop and a wet substance splashing all over him. He jumped back in shock and automatically brought a hand up to touch his face. It was covered with a rather thick fluid and when he pulled back his hand... it was pink.
His big brother nodded. "Some friends you said?"
(- Greg Lestrade)
"Who isn't?"
- Adam Winchester
Dean decided he was gonna have to take the poor guy out way more often to show him the many joys of life outside of the classroom.
Wampus:
"Then what?" Misha urged on, and he walked around the counter and came to sit next to Dean, his blue eyes full of concern now.
Castiel smiled at him. "It's not his fault, Dean. In our family it's impossible to have such a close relationship with all of your siblings."
"I just thought he finally had enough kids. But apparently I was wrong."
"Now, it won't be easy of course, since they're probably madly in love blah-blah-blah, but I'd like to think I've got a pretty decent plan," Gabriel continued, confusing Dean even more. "We can't wait too long either, you know, before poor Sam really starts thinking this is serious and they get all down and dirty-"
So imagine his surprise when Sam had said they could wait a little longer.
"Well, that was weird," Lisa commented. "You know what's up with him?"
. Jim Moriarty. Weird kid, no one knows anything about him, even though he's been here for over four years now."
"I will tell them," Sam promised him. "Just... give me a little time, okay?"
Dean walked outside to his '67 Impala, against which Sam was leaning impatiently.
Vague answers. "Yeah no, he was good," he decided on.
Sam was still pissed at the end of the week. It was Thursday and he was back at his corner. No matter how hard he tried he couldn't forget about the Trickster deliberately bringing someone in so much danger, even if that person was Azazel. The fact that he'd done it as a reaction on Azazel's snarling at Sam only made it worse somehow, like he was responsible in a way.
was bad news these days. The only thing that Sam could think about that even could be good was their dad coming home, but there was no reason for Dean to be so sneaky about that.
"Right," Sam huffed and then turned to open the door.
Fine, not what he was expecting but it was Cas after all.
Lucifer grinned at him and turned off the engine. "Like what you're seeing?"
"Seriously though, you actually want to meet him?" the younger one asked. He was having trouble believing it.
Richard smiled up at him. In the heat of the moment, his cap had gotten slightly pushed back on his head. "Well, whatever it is that has gotten into you, if this is your way of apologizing, it can stay."
Adam could feel his face heating instantly. "I... uhm... the... the smaller one."
"Want to take your car?"
Sam gave him a happy smile. "Dad's coming home tomorrow."
Somehow they eventually parted and Dean got him in the car, heading back home. Sam supposed he wasn't going to go to school today. Somewhere between Jess' house and his own he finally ran out of tears and the excruciating pain was replaced by a numbness. This he liked better. It prevented him from thinking and he didn't want to think, afraid this one thought might coincidentally pop into his mind. He really didn't want to think that one thought.
Dean gave him a quick wink before leaving his brother by himself, acting a lot more confident than he felt. As soon as he sat down, he couldn't help but think,
"Thanks," Dean said and put some more fries into his mouth.
"Whoops, sorry," the girl that walked out casually said, continuing her way without barely even looking at him.
"You're welcome, sweetie," she said, satisfied. "Now let's go, before we're late for gym."
As soon as his flannel looked slightly presentable again, Dean put it back on, just to make it a bit less awkward in case anyone'd walk in. He'd already picked up his tee to start on that when he decided he needed to take a piss first... and maybe something else too. He got into one of the stalls and sat down, his anger finally starting to ease away. When he was done, he went to unlock the door and... couldn't. He tried again, a frown appearing on his face, but the lock wouldn't bulge.
Dean texted his brother when class was finally over. He hated the idea of pushing Sam towards Lucifer even more, but hell, it was already too late for that anyway.
he laughed but it sounded everything but genuine,
He took a deep breath, pushed his thoughts of Cas aside and forced himself into the role of a decent husband. "Look, I know I've been a little off, alright? I- I guess I just need a little time, okay? Can you do that for me? Give me some space?"
"Okay c'mon, let's get to the car," Dean said, motioning for him to follow and already turning around to leave as well.
"How long?" Dean asked, and when Michael didn't answer him, he repeated, "How long, Michael?"
The Hogwarts student shrugged. "Not a lot of exciting things to tell. Professor Holmes, the Headmaster? He's a Slytherin, first one for the position in years. It was about time we put those arrogant Gryffindors in their place, really. Like I said, Professor MacLeod is our Head and she teaches Potions."
Dean shrugged and gave him an arrogant grin. "Isn't that what I've got you for?"
"Or a soulmate maybe. That'd come in handy too," Gabriel smirked.
"So what happened?" Sam asked in confusion and Lucifer shrugged.
Dean shook his head while getting some things out of his locker.
"Are these any good?" he asked Lucifer, showing him the tape.
Instead he said, "I don't know, Cas, I'm a little bit busy having an existential crisis here!" He started pacing again.
When he looked around another time, he finally spotted Michael making his way towards him. As he approached Dean, both boys offered a smile but it was obvious neither of them felt completely comfortable. Dean couldn't blame Michael for it. The guy had no idea what he was walking into and the last time they'd spoken had basically been the definition of uncomfortable.
Cas lent forward and rested his arms on his knees. "I was six years old when my parents died. There was an accident, that's about all I know of it. I barely remember them. There are some flashes of what they looked like but sometimes I'm not even sure if those are real. What came after were so many drastic events of change that it basically wiped out the rest. I didn't have any other relatives but I can vaguely recall a lot of moving around so I'm guessing there were some foster homes. I don't even remember the first time I saw Chuck. He must have come over in advance but the only clear recollection I have is of the first time I entered his house." He smiled and there was a spark in his eye that Dean rarely saw. "It was so... full of life. I can't claim we functioned like a normal family but I think we were happy, in our own way."
Misha huffed and then smiled fondly. "Well, it was kinda a whole out of the ordinary episode. I just remember all of us having a lot of fun with it."
It started off normally, even better than normal actually. They had breakfast with their dad for the first time in months and the reunion of their family caused the both of them to be in a better mood than usual. Dean even stopped bitching all the time.
Michael rolled his eyes. "Because."
Sam hesitated for a second. He took his phone out but he didn't have any messages so Dean mustn't have come home yet. He would soon though and when he did, he'd probably worry about where Sam was at.
"I'm straight!" was the first thing that came to him.
"I do, matter-of-factly." Then he remained silent.
Dean gave him a wide grin while shaking his hand. "Dean Winchester. That's a unique name you've got there."
"What are you smiling at?" Lucifer teased him.
"Does it matter?" Dean asked, his voice sounding way too calm.
a deep voice answered.
He decided it would probably be better not to mention him wandering around town in the dark, actually planning to spend the night at the cemetery. He could still hardly believe he'd actually considered that, it sounded absolutely ridiculous now.
"And that is so very noble of you," the older boy noted, sarcasm clear in his voice. "But here's the thing: one way or another, there's gonna be a moment when Lucifer decides he's had enough of his plaything and will break Sam's heart. Now, do you want to warn him before that happens or not?"
He took a deep breath.
At his boyfriend's name Mick started pointing his fork at John accusingly. "You know, you are lucky that you're my best friend, otherwise I would kick your butt so hard you wouldn't be able to sit on your broom for the next three weeks."
Crowley smiled and got a look in his eyes Dean was not happy to see. "Well, if you want to find your little brother so desperately, there might be something I can do..."
"He would sell you for a galleon."
Cas smiled shyly and shifted around a bit before starting, "Okay. So there are a lot of different kinds of bees and they all differ genetically, which also slightly influences their behavior. Now studies have shown many levels of genetic variation can occur on a relatively small area. Turkey for example has a particularly large genetic diversity of a race called
Castiel sighed. Of course the only thing on Gabriel's mind had been sex. What else did he expect? "What a surprise."
Poor Samandriel looked terrified as he went to sit on the stool, but that immediately changed when the Hat called, "HUFFLEPUFF!", and he basically ran towards his youngest brother with a happy smile on his face.
Sam jumped at the voice suddenly appearing right next to his ear. He shut his locker, turned around and bitchfaced Lucifer. "Don't do that."
"It happened last night," he said after a long while. "We fought, and eventually he basically admitted that he didn't love me. So then I left and went to Kevin's."
"Evening, Gabriel," Mercury said as he put a glass of scotch down in front of him.
His little brother was looking at him way too amusedly, so Dean gave him a glare. "Shut up," he grumbled, pocketing his phone before he started to walk away. "Come on! We've got some acting to do."
He nearly jumped as he hastily turned towards his boyfriend. "Sorry, what?"
"But at a club?" Dean let out with big eyes, placing his hands on the kitchen table. "That's not you, Sam, you hate places like that! You didn't even wanna go to the park last week and now you're hanging around at clubs with a guy you barely even know?!"
Looking over to see if Gabriel had gotten the message, Sam watched him immediately pull out his own phone to write an answer.
Dean grinned. "You're kidding me, right? Me too, I've always wanted to step in my dad's footsteps."
After a lot of doubt he texted back,
"And Lisa?" their dad asked Dean.
"Chuck Shurley?" was Sam's educated guess.
John decided it might not be the best idea to raise his hand.
"Good," he started. "Now that that is all
Another hushing and an angry look from the librarian made Sam quickly stand up and putting away his things before dragging Lucifer out of his chair. "We're leaving. Now."
Lucifer took it, turned it back and forth and handed it back to Sam. "Kansas? Sure. Not really my thing but they're alright. It's a compilation, so it should be fine."
"You know, your friends really shouldn't have sent you off to fetch everything on your own," the lady said in a worried voice.
Dean quickly checked to see if none of Michael's family members were around before dropping his voice almost to a whisper. "It's Cas, okay?"
Sam only hesitated for a second. "Then tell me."
Dean pulled up his eyebrows. "Did you really just pull that out of the wall?"
"Well, nothing I can do about it," Molly shrugged. "But back to you, do you two know each other well?"
He had already told Sam most of what'd happened, but they hadn't had time to talk about the details yet.
Lucifer was obviously getting a bit impatient.
"Not really," she shrugged. "How about the three of you just give me a proper introduction of yourselves?"
The look in Michael's eyes told him everything he needed to know.
And with that he left.
"Where are we going?" Michael asked.
"I... could... call a cab?" Sam offered.
It was truly hilarious to see the boy's eyes turn big in shock, the other kids burst out in laughter and poor Crowley himself start to scream, as the Englishmen would say, 'bloody' murder. In fact, Gabriel was having the time of his life, popping a strawberry into his mouth.
This was a complete disaster. If Dean didn't know any better, he'd say all of the world's bad luck had decided to pick on him today, and he didn't have a single clue how to get out of it.
"Adam Winchester," he smiled and felt surprisingly grateful she was reaching out to him. She reminded him a bit of Jo. "How did you... uhm..." He finished his sentence with a subtle nod towards the Shurleys.
"So do you have to be invited or something?" Sam frowned.
When Gabriel didn't respond, Castiel poked him in the ribs. Nothing. He tried again. Then two more times...
Those words were more than enough to make Dean uncomfortable again. "That's... different."
Dean moved up his pace and reached the entrance just at the moment the school bell rang. He hurried to his history class, not once looking back.
After everything Lisa had told them about the Shurleys, Dean was ready for about anything. But he hadn't been prepared for this.
"Ah. Well, in my defense, you do look young for your age," the boy simply stated.
"What do you want in return?" Dean asked, knowing exactly where this was going.
"Hi, sweetie," she greeted him and he quickly gave her a kiss before opening his locker to put in his books and call it a day.
He rolled his eyes and gave in. "Fine. But I need to be back home..."
"Thanks, that was really helpful," he mocked before turning away.
Sam made up his mind, started typing and hit 'send'.
"I'm sorry, okay?" Michael dropped down on the chair across from Dean. "I was an ass the other day. I shouldn't have worked it out on you. It's just that my brother is a bit of a sore subject."
By the time Friday arrived, Dean was mostly finally starting to feel like himself again. Sure, he still had a long way to go before life would be back to normal but now that him and Cas were back on good terms and talking, he felt a lot better about the whole situation. Talking to Cas always helped him put things in perspective.
Sam quickly sat up too. "Nothing happened, I swear, I only-" Then the most awful realization occurred to him and his breath hitched in his throat. "Wait, why aren't you answering the question?"
Sam felt like he just shrank a couple of inches. "Yeah, I know." To add some credibility to it, he said, "I'm going at his place this week to game a bit." Not a total lie since Kevin had invited him last week, Sam just still had to ask him what day. He reminded himself to do that later too.
- Charlie Bradbury
"Of course that's okay," Dean told him in a soft voice. He was still trying to wrap his mind around the fact that Cas was actually willing to do this, to go behind his own brother's back to be friends with Dean. He had absolutely no idea what he'd done to deserve it.
There was another frown growing on Cas's forehead and Dean had trouble not rolling his eyes as dramatically as possible.
"Oh no, that's really not necessary," Castiel answered immediately. "We don't want to bother you."
"Finally," he commented as they got out. Then he glanced at Michael. "I see you brought one of the wonder boys."
Castiel squinted his eyes. "What did this feeling make you think about?"
"Doesn't mean I can't try."
When he left for his algebra class and sat down, one of the legs of his chair broke, making him fall to the ground again. When he went to the bathroom during the break, he noticed he didn't have toilet paper too late. When he wanted to wash his hands afterwards, the tap was broken and the water spouted right into his face and, of course, on his crotch. When he headed for the door to leave the bathroom, somebody just opened it, smashing it in his face.
"Hey guys!" Michael joined them cheerfully. Dean could barely suppress a sigh and noticed too late Charlie was eyeing his reaction attentively.
of them. There was also a note tied to the stack.
He'd done this, Sam just knew it. He didn't know how but he didn't even care. He looked back at Azazel, at the fire, then at the Shurley boy. Normally he might have laughed at it. Now all he could see were the flames Azazel was desperately trying to stamp out.
"Dean, this is useless," Cas sighed after multiple efforts.
He was sitting at his spot like usual when some students around him had begun whispering to each other excitedly. He looked up, annoyed his peace had been disturbed, but then he understood what the gossip was all about.
"Hi! Excuse me?" he said running towards the boy.
"I know right?" Kevin said, clearly as incredulous as he was.
"I loved him," he whispered through the tears that were staining Dean's shirt.
"Of course I do! Why did you think I didn't hold back?"
"Did you not hear a word I just said?" Crowley yelled back, clearly annoyed. "He's in there with Lucifer! The guy is a lunatic, I'm not getting near that!"
"Hey," Dean said. "Lucifer's a stupid son of a bitch. That's not your fault."
Meanwhile Molly was looking between the two fourth-years in satisfaction, convinced that she could make this work out pretty well. "Adam here was just asking me if I could maybe show him around sometime and I was wondering if you two would like to join us?"
"I still can't believe Sam went to a club, did they have books?"
He was just about to go and stop Dean before he did something incredibly stupid when someone beat him to it. Sam hadn't paid enough attention to the other kids around to know where he came from but suddenly Castiel was there, walking up to Dean and putting a hand on his shoulder that stopped him dead in his tracks. But Sam wasn't the only one who had noticed.
Sam laughed and pushed him off. "I'm sure you do. I'll see you at school tomorrow. Behave while I'm gone."
"Oh fuck off, Michael!" Gabriel snapped at his brother and Dean completely forgot what it was he'd wanted to say when the smaller boy pushed past him.
She left and Dean turned back to Cas, who was looking at him as well. Damn, his eyes were blue. Dean had noticed before but he'd never gave it that much thought. They weren't light blue but more of a darker shade usually, sometimes bordering on grey. It was hard to describe. Sometimes they would turn brighter too though, and then they were like satellite images from the Pacific. They were truly amazing when they did that but Dean didn't think it happened very often. He wished it did.
He could always come back on that later if needed be. Right now he had something to find out.
Michael looked at him like he'd just offended the guy. "He betrayed my father and everything my family stood for!"
"Wow there," he said, stopping the door just in time. He looked at the person coming out of the building and was met with the most amazingly blue eyes he'd ever seen.
As expected, Lucifer was waiting for him next to his locker. He gave Sam a girly wave while the younger boy approached him. "Hi, Sam."
It took a while for the next reply to come in.
He had never driven home so fast.
As he waited, guys came in and left again, but luckily none of them were Shurleys. Despite his best efforts to remain patient, Dean was about ready to jump out of his skin by the time Cas finally walked through the door though. Not that any of that mattered once he did. A little smile appeared around Cas's lips when he saw him, which in return immediately made Dean grin like an idiot.
he tried to reassure himself. Surely Michael would understand.
Dean really didn't know what to say. Yes, he'd wanted to meet Castiel and talk about this but what was he supposed to say?
While he had first thought that there had to be an emergency, and that the news would have to be bad, Sam could now see hints of a smile tugging at the corners of Dean's mouth before he tried to suppress them. It was quite the surprise, considering basically
Still with a slightly pensive look, Cas elaborated, "I value our friendship too and you are right. Michael shouldn't decide who my friends are. So, he doesn't need to know but I'd like to be your friend."
It was moments like these Castiel didn't remember why he'd decided to move out with Gabriel. Yes, he loved his brother. But the little brat could drive him crazy sometimes.
He didn't even have to think twice about it. "Yes, I'd also like ten Chocolate Frogs, five packs of Jelly Slugs, two boxes of Bertie Bott's and... what's the blue thing?"
Lucifer went to sit on one of the tables and tilted his head at him. "What do you want it to mean?"
"Yeah, I'm the Pukwudgie Keeper at home."
"Actually we are pansexuals."
He joined Lucifer and grabbed a random cassette from one of the boxes next to the vinyls.
"What do you mean?" Dean asked.
He scanned the room one last time but couldn't find anyone that stood out to him. Sure, plenty of back-up plans, but there was no reason to settle for those already. He quickly finished his drink and got up from his stool, supposedly to go to the bathroom. Staying close to the bar, he continued to listen and occasionally clicked his tongue when he thought a seat was empty. He found another person drinking on their own and two women talking a bit more quietly.
"Yeah, he invited me during physics."
"Alright," Dean mumbled, then turned his attention back to Lisa. "You wanna have lunch with my dad at the Roadhouse on Saturday?"
Sam smiled at him through the rearview mirror. "We'll manage. Thanks, Bobby."
Both Horned Serpents shrugged before saying,
"I mean," Sam said, dropping his voice since there were still crew members around, "there is no way an actor and his character are so much like each other. He is witty and sarcastic and outgoing and... way too sexualized."
He was relieved when the older boy smiled back at him. For a couple of seconds they remained silent, then Lucifer said, "So no Cage tonight?"
Caught by surprise, Sam couldn't not be curious. "Something else?"
Gabriel sighed inwardly. As if it wasn't bad enough his dad was coming but nooo, of course his uncle had to join them too. Well, kinda uncle, Metatron and Chuck weren't really brothers, Gabriel thought they were cousins or something? It was complicated. Anyway, fact was that the guy was family and family seemed to be following him everywhere. At least Aunt Amara wasn't here. Probably because Ilvermorny wouldn't last a week without its Headmistress. Yup, even at home Gabriel had been surrounded by family members watching his every move. No wonder he acted out whenever they weren't around.
"But my siblings are of no importance now," Castiel said, clearly closing the subject, and looked back at him. "You said you started having doubts?"
He knew that would probably be their best option if he didn't want to get Cas in any trouble.
After yelling who knew how many 'cut!'s, Richard decided to call it a day. His cap was dangling from the back of his chair and his hair was tousled from the amount of times he'd desperately run his hands through it. "Okay, that was... alright enough." He got up and started gathering his things while looking at them with a smile Sam was pretty sure wasn't entirely genuine. "But hey, don't worry about it. We all have our bad days. You know what, how about next week after we're done, we come back to some of this stuff, alright?"
"So what about your brother?" he eventually said, his hand motioning at the tree.
"So, what were you trying to say?" Castiel tried again as he walked to their door.
By the time Sam headed back to class he was seriously irritated. Since when was Dean being so touchy?
"That's what I'm here for, isn't it?" Crowley commented before turning around and starting to walk in the direction he'd just pointed at.
"I'm fine," he grumbled. Now they all looked at him questioningly. "I am, okay?" he snapped.
Michael put an arm around his shoulders. "Don't worry about it, he'll come around."
Dean shook his head, a fond sparkle in his eyes.
"I think I know who can help us find them."
"But..." Kevin started, but was interrupted by Dean too.
Sam really started to freak out right now. "Crowley, what..." he started, just as Crowley opened the door and pushed him out in front of him.
"What, you think you're the only one with connections?" his brother said, clearly not happy with the situation at all.
The guy shrugged. "I was just hoping you might want to help me out a bit."
That did it. Sam didn't know where he found the strength but he dashed out of the room and grabbed his stuff. He couldn't think, he was too busy trying to keep breathing, but he did know that he had to get out, now.
As the Winchesters said their goodbyes, Sam set the table and Dean put down the pot of homemade mac and cheese. They sat down and even though they didn't really talk to each other, both of them knew something had changed. Somehow the tension from that morning had evaporated and made room for a silent feeling of acceptance. They didn't have the slightest idea why but as they looked at each other, they could both see something had happened in their brother's life. Something apparently big enough to put their quarrel on the side for now, although they knew they eventually still would have to sort that out too. They didn't know what it was the other had experienced today and they didn't ask. Both brothers just acknowledged something was going on in the other's mind and decided to let them be.
"No problem. I can handle," Dean said with a confident smile, which the other boy returned instantly. "So are the both of you in college here?"
"I missed you, Dad."
Sam definitely hadn't been expecting that. Did he want to take revenge on Lucifer? He was hurt for sure, but he also didn't want even more drama...
"That's alright," he said with a little smile. "I understand."
"Our ignorance?" he huffed. He didn't know who this kid was but he certainly had guts. Which was a nice way of saying he was just being rude actually.
"I'll go get some more coffee," he mumbled before he disappeared back into the kitchen.
"That really was my brother?" he said with pulled up eyebrows. "Looking like he was having
"Shut your cakehole. You don't know anything about my family," Gabriel snapped back at him. "This isn't about them. This is about Sam and Lucifer and how we're gonna stop it."
- Jim Moriarty
Dean pulled up the corner of his mouth. "You really don't know your siblings that well, huh?"
"Anyway, and now all of that doesn't mean shit anymore, 'cause I can suddenly be gay?"
Lucifer tilted up his head and frowned. "What if I don't let you?"
They stared at each other angrily and in silence.
He got a little happier Molly had started talking to him every minute. "Yeah, of course! That'd be awesome, thanks."
The Trickster stood up and passed him by. "I hope you'll be happy, Sam," he said as he walked out the door.
The two boys payed and left with their candy, giving Gabriel quite the view of Hot Guy's ass. It was only when they disappeared out of sight that he snapped out of it and went over to the cart.
"Sam's still giving you a hard time?"
"See, the thing is," Dean started, clearing his throat, "you know how I've been hanging out with Cas a lot lately, right?"
His class/House mate for the fourth year now was sitting a couple of seats to his left on the other side of the table, next to his older brother. Adam only knew the boy was called Castiel because... well, he basically remembered everything about Samandriel.
Balthazar let out a little laugh. "No, don't worry about it. Michael definitely isn't and when it comes to the others..." He leaned forward conspiratorially and pretended to whisper, although Dean was pretty sure Zachariah would still be able to hear them. "Most of my brothers aren't exactly the partying type."
"I don't know," he sighed. "Could be. Everything's just... changed. I mean, do you have any idea how many girlfriends I've had?"
be," Less Hot Guy noted. "It's about what she prefers. And I think she'd prefer to be a Hufflepuff."
Lucifer laughed a little at his silly joke. "Sure. Let me grab my keys and I'll drive you home."
"See you later," Sam muttered before getting out of the car and leaving him by himself.
Uriel looked down - only the smallest bit but it was enough - at him and said, "Is this mud monkey bothering you?"
"Anyway, I have to go. I'll see you later, Sam!"
"Really?" their dad asked. "Who are they?"
"It's not a joke, Dean," Castiel glared at him. "I mean it. It's the only way you will get out of this happily."
Sam ran after him, carefully watching the distance between them. It was amazing actually. Wherever the Senior passed drinking fountains would spout in people's faces, books were dropped or students ran into each other. When Azazel, one of Dean's classmates they both absolutely hated, walked by, his jeans suddenly came down and Sam burst into laughter. Luckily he wasn't the only one but still he'd apparently caught the Trickster's eye, because the older boy turned around and looked straight at him.
"Guess we'll never know then," Kevin sighed.
He didn't get any further because Lucifer was already dragging him into The Cage. And he wasn't getting out of there for a long time.
Sam rolled his eyes, opened the door and grabbed it. He followed Lucifer towards the door. There was a guy standing beside it but he simply nodded at Lucifer before letting them pass. They got in and Sam was overwhelmed by the sound of electric guitars and drums. He thought about how his brother might actually like a place like this. Dean loved classic rock.
he thought and got out of the car.
A couple of hours later the Ilvermorny students walked into Hogwarts. All of the children were chattering excitedly while they admired the beautiful castle they'd just stepped into.
"GRYFFINDOR!"
"Yeah, I know," Sam said, a little bit disappointed. "But hey, maybe we can game next week?"
Dean decided to ignore the insult. "Alright. So take us there."
"We can share a big pepperoni. Or something else is fine too..."
"We don't really. Michael just wanted someone from our class. Hannah is the most sociable one but she already had plans, so I guess that's why he chose me."
"Trust me, I don't understand either," Dean agreed. "Trying to break up Sam and Lucifer, messing with me... What's in it for him? Not to mention what he did to Sammy when you guys just got here."
Dean frowned. "What do you mean?"
Within an instant Lucifer had put his hands on Sam's hips and pulled him in, crashing their lips together. By now most people were at the cafeteria already but a couple of students were still lingering around the hallways, and Sam felt a rush of adrenaline surge through his body. There simply was something exciting about the shameless way in which Lucifer clearly wasn't holding back for anyone. They weren't just kissing. Their bodies were pressed against each other, mouths wide open, eager to let the other in. If they'd continue like this, there was no doubt where they'd end up tonight.
"I know, I know," Sam was quick to add. "But that doesn't change the fact that..." God, this wasn't going as smooth as he'd hoped. He took a deep breath and decided to just tell the truth. "Listen, Dad and Bobby, they warned us about your family. I know you're strictly speaking not one of them," he hastily said before his boyfriend could interrupt him, "and maybe it'll work out fine. But if Dean starts telling them all the stuff he's heard from Michael? They won't like it, Lucifer."
Kevin frowned. "The Cage, if I remember correctly. Personally, I'd never heard of it. But on the other hand I'm not exactly an expert." He gave Dean a shy smile.
Jerk. Anyways, yeah, I agree. I could use a good nights sleep, and Cas will sleep better in a bed, rather than the back seat.
He had admittedly gone into shock at seeing Cas. Cas was always gorgeous but in that outfit? Dean was struck dumb at how hot he looked. He had seen Cas in many different levels of nakedness, but never totally nude, damn it, so he knew that he had an amazing body. Dean wanted desperately to get to see and feel Cas while he was naked, and now, now he wanted to be lucky enough to see Cas up close in that skirt. If only he could get to him. The whole student body must be at this stupid party.
His Mom and Dad both told him that the feelings he was having for Cas was the same thing they went through when they first met. It definitely gave him hope, but when hope got mixed up with his anxiety it was a bitch. He found himself at odd times during the day momentarily frozen with the fear that he would have to watch Cas meet his SoulMate and be happy with someone other than him. Dean rarely thought of how his SoulMate would feel knowing that he was in love with his best friend. He felt awful but he buried those thoughts, instead he concentrated on making sure that he did everything possible so that Cas would always want him around, no matter what.
"Dean! You found us!"
I never knew
He's trying to be polite but he's beginning to feel kinda slimy with the way this guy is looking him up and down.
"Cas?"
"Well, there's a guy downstairs who says he owes you an apology but seeing as how he didn't know which room you were in, I figured I should have you come down and talk to him. O.k.?"
Not only did his boyfriend have an amazing body, he definitely knew how to use it, for work and for pleasure. Cas has had moments when he felt (what Sam had explained as) jealousy at all the past sexual partners Dean has had, but Dean assured him of his desire and love.
About the little urge to cry
"Cas?"
I gotcha, Cas. Keep those hands still. Do not touch yourself. Understand?
Dean added the honey to Cas's travel mug, the one with the bee on it. He was in love with a dork. Pouring in the hot coffee he heard the bathroom door open and Cas walk over to his dresser. Dean stood facing the coffee pot, he couldn't take seeing his angel in his boxers. He had to think of some really disgusting things to calm down his hard on once this morning, he didn't want to have to do it again.
Just then the waitress (who had tried to flirt with his man until she noticed Deans hand holding Cas thigh) arrived with their lunch. Cas knew he needed to eat, since they had all missed breakfast, but he was so tired. It was the one thing he still hadnt gotten used to in his six months as a human.
"So?"
"Yeah, that's stupid. You and me could have a lot of fun together."
"What? I'm looking!"
"Yep"
With a smirk that could rival Deans, Cas bragged.
"First, Ma said if you call her Mrs. Winchester again she's gonna whoop you. Second, her and Dad are going to have tickets for Both of us at the airport. We leave the day before your birthday. Cas, you're gonna have Thanksgiving with the Winchester's."
Nope, his future wasnt in this cool town, going to a great school, having the time of his life with his brother. Nope, Sams future was here and Deans was back in Lawrence.
"Hello, Darlin'"
"I will tell you."
"Angelboy?"
"You should make sure that Dean is o.k., with this. I mean with us going together, I mean our costumes going...."
"Dude. Ash and I thought you two have been a couple for years!"
He turned to see Ash and Max standing there. Giving one last look to Benny, Dean then walked over to his friends.
"Yeah, he was on his way to Charlie's."
Well according to Missouri truemates can scent each other through blockers. So, it is possible, Dean.
Dude, why arent you here?
He locked onto those green eyes that still showed Cas the soul inside and shivered at the heat behind them. He gasped at a harder push from Dean that he capitalized on by claiming Cas mouth with his. He poured everything into it, and then stopped and put his mouth right next to his ear again.
"No, no I don't. Thank you, Dean."
"Hey, Cas?"
"Cas, I'm telling you that while I can tell you are gone on Dean, he has no idea."
He fixed his coffee after refilling his Uncle's cup. He sat down keeping his eyes on this mug, not know what Bobby was going to say.
Or that I could ever feel this way
"What's wrong, Darlin'?"
Dean was sitting on his bed watching a rerun of Battle Bots, which was so much better when Cas was here because they would bet on which bot would win, when he heard Sammy knock on his door.
Oh, yes. Dean I need to feel you inside me. Your fingers feel amazing sliding in and out of my body. Your tongue, damn, feeling your tongue wiggle and push against my rim is better than just about anything Ive ever felt. The best thing though, the best thing when were together is when I feel you first breach my rim with your cock. Please, Dean. Give it to me. Fuck me. Please.
I never knew
"The school has a talent show next month. Any student can sign up and this guy in my English class said he's gonna read a poem and dedicate it to his girlfriend. Cool, huh."
He turned to look at Dean talking to the waitress as she was ringing up their check. She was definitely checking Dean out, but while he was being polite, Dean's gaze turned to Cas several times. Giving him a small smile Cas wrapped his scarf around his neck before walking out the door to wait. He was just going to play this by ear, he wasnt going to continue these anxious thoughts. If it was a date, it was. If it wasn't, well, he was still going to be with his best friend. Crap. Taking out his phone he emailed Miss Donna to see if she had an extra hour tomorrow to have a session. He was gonna need it.
Cas, whats wrong, Baby?
" That works. My treat. I'll walk with ya'"
I never knew
After dressing, he still had a few minutes before he needed to head out for Sams dorm. Dean flipped through TV channels before stopping on his favorite show Dr. Sexy. His mind drifted (since he knew this episode by heart) and he went back to thinking about his future. It was bleak thinking about working for his dad, and not getting to go to college like his brother did.
Dean had never had sex the way he and Cas did. Cas was even the one and only who would ever be inside him. He truly loved when his boyfriend had the need to fuck him, or make love to him. They loved it hard and fast or slow and sweet, but the best, for Dean, was what he thought of as Silly Sex.
"What about how Cas feels?"
"Hello.....Charlie" he replied while trying to catch his breath. He was used to jogging not running flat out.
He hurried to scrub himself clean. He hoped to see Charlie before his class this morning. She had class in the lecture hall beside his and they usually chatted after their class, but he knew she was seeing Dorothy today and he just had to know more about the costumes she was picking out for him and Dean.
After he got himself ready he grabbed his bag and coffee before going to bang on Ash and Max's door.
"Is that the boy that gave you a black eye last year?'
"Charlie? I believe I have fallen in love with Dean."
He watched as his boyfriend reacted to his shaking voice. Dean immediately dropped his hands to Cass thighs to comfort.
"You good?'
Cas felt the room begin to whirl and spin again as the most beautiful green eyes came in and out of focus before him.
How I love you, darling
"Really. What was the last thing I said to you then?"
Cas had to admit he was kind of enjoying wearing the skirt. When he moved it would flare out a bit and make his legs look amazing. He would just have to be careful that he didn't flash everything walking around the party. He heard Charlie rummaging through her pile of shopping bags, looking for whatever he was supposed to wear. How she found anything in her room was beyond him. Her desk was pristine. She would smack anyone that dared touch anything on there, and she could hit hard. The rest of her room looked like a tornado took up residence and never left.
Dean blushes when he realized that his question could be taken in a sexual way. Luckily Cas doesn't notice since he has thrown his head back. He is laughing so hard that he isn't making a sound except puffs of air. Crap. Dean has known that he likes boys for a while, he just hasn't ever acted on it or told anyone. He needs to talk to Bobby. He feels Cas give his hand a gentle squeeze.
They were always touching. At first it made Dean feel odd, but it was just the way they were. From the 1
"Nope. You are coming by to Try on the costume, but you will be getting ready for the party in my room and we shall meet Dean at the party. Capisce?"
Cas moaned and hitched his hips a bit in anticipation of having Deans mouth on his body. Dean had his hands on his legs and slowly eased them up til he was just about bent in half, with his knees by his ears.
Oh, fuck. You feel so good, Sugar. So hot, tight, and fucking perfect. I love you, Castiel. I love that you are so damn responsive to my touch. Fuck. I love being inside you, and no one else, Cas. Only me. I need to feel you squeeze me as you come. Come for me, Darlin. Oh, found it.
"Not the point, Dean."
Thanks, brother. I kinda got lost in my head, ya know, remembering the crap Dad likes to spout once he gets in his bottles.
"Yes."
"Nervous. Excited nervous, not anxious nervous."
Dean looks at the nearly full beer in his hand before looking at the guy to shake his head no.
"Jerk. Surprised you and Cas haven't broken the bed doing the dirty."
"Here."
"What happened to 'honey'?"
"She never really wants to be here? Yeah, I get that too Cas. Seems like she doesn't really want Charlie to be friends with us. Plus, there's the whole 'they aren't SoulMates' thing. I know a lot of people don't really care about it like we do, but I just want what's best for Charlie."
"Yep. Darlin'. You o.k. with that?"
He bounced a bit when Sammy flopped on the end of his bed on his back. His little brother was getting bigger quick. He was as tall as he was now.
"mmmm.....Dean....mmmm"
I know that somethings I will put in the story didn't really exist as I have written them when this story takes place (1997) but just dive down the rabbit hole with me :D
"I'm gonna go get you some water, alright?"
"Itold you months ago that I don't care that you like boys. Love is love is love, is Life. That's my motto. I can see how you look at Cas. I'm not blind, but I think he may be. You should tell him how you feel."
He gave Sam a version of his own bitch face for laughing at Dean calling him Sugar. Sam was their biggest supporter when they began their relationship, but he liked to tease his brother about how affectionate he was. Luckily, Dean took the teasing in stride because Cas loved all the kisses, hugs, and even snuggles in diner booths.
Cas was mortified. He was still drunk too but mostly mortified for throwing up practically in Dean's lap. Cas was very thankful for Dean's quick reflexes. He ...well he was wondering how he came to be sitting in the bathroom floor, without Dean being around. Cas needed Dean, he already had this conversation with himself early, he thought. Man, that tea really messed with him, but it was so yummy. Maybe Dean would make him more. Wait, where was Dean?
"Yo, future Doc."
"You're saying that this is what I'm doing to Cas?"
Yes, I feel much better being skin to skin.
He started to step away but Dean held him a bit tighter.
"Yeah."
I think were gonna try something new, Sugar. Something Ive read about but never tried. You interested?
No one told me that this is getting real
"A Long Island Ice Tea."
"Are you the official welcome wagon, Cas?"
As soon as he said it he could feel the heat beginning on his cheeks. He hated being a blusher. Before he could turn his head, he noticed that Cas was blushing too. Huh. That was interesting.
"I'm sorry. I just came by to say Hello. My name's Castiel, but my friends call me Cas and the bullies call me Cassie."
Hell yeah. Fuck, Darlin
"Text me later and I'll let you know. Cas has therapy today and if it's rough well, maybe not."
"You are so beautiful, Darlin'. I have so much I need to say to you. I....I think you need to be sober for this confession though. So, come one. Let's go to bed"
He has watched as Max turned him into a 'dark' Joker and he thought it looked really cool, he was just having a fit wanting to know what Cas's costume was. He was getting pretty nervous about seeing Cas, which was just ridiculous, but with all the secrecy regarding his costume Dean just couldn't keep his knee from bouncing.
He was just about to jump off the table and go march over to demand that Charlie tell him where his Angel was when there was a small miracle. A parting of the sea of people and he could see a bit more clearly. The girl with Charlie was wearing a very short skirt with thigh high boots. Oh, maybe it was Dorothy. No, this girl is too tall for Dorothy. Dean was a bit embarrassed to find his eyes traveling to this girl's ass again. It was very nice. Damn, he needed to find Cas!
So many thanks to QueenMaire for helping me with everything she does.
Max pushed a chair towards him motioning for him to stand up on it.
"I think you're tipsy."
"Cas, I need to make sure that you really understand what I'm saying. It's not that they will assume that we are going there together, hell, we're going with Charlie too. It's that they will assume that since we are dressed as a couple, that we are a couple."
"Thanks. Be right back."
"Alright. Sleep well, Dean."
"Nah, I had a wine cooler. I'm good, not like Angelboy here. He's fallings asleep isn't he?"
"I see."
He was polite like his Mom taught him but he was not impressed with the guy who was now just staring at him. Ash came over and helped him out of the jacket and he was relieved to find that his vest and shirt were dry.
"Why...why would you say that?"
"Oh, for Charlie's costume?"
Cas was freaking out trying to figure out if the Halloween party was now his and Dean's first date. He wasn't stupid, he knew Dean looked at him the he looked at Dean. His friend was always looking out for him because Cas did have a hard time reading social clues and could embarrass himself quite easily. Well, no. Cas embarrassed others, not himself, but he did not want to embarrass his green-eyed devil.
"Sure, um....probably about 8. Wanna make sure we get there before all the food is gone. Gotta eat if you're gonna drink, future Doc."
"Hey, Cas."
"Nope. Already found her about 2 years ago, then she died. So, I'm just looking to have some fun, play around, and working at the campus seemed like a good place to do that. Come on, let me show you something upstairs."
Dean nods like he understands. He does. Cas does his own things and one of those is his love of bees. The cute little weirdo.
It was their junior year when Dean felt the break coming on. He couldn't take keeping his feelings for Cas a secret much longer or he would lose his damn mind. Not only was he deeply in love with his best friend, but damn did he want to get his hands on his body.
There was no way Dean was letting Cas out of his arms now that he had him there. Sure, he had held him while they slept, but this was different. This was a public declaration that this gorgeous creature was his Angel. Many people assumed that they were together. Cas running into his arms, wrapping his legs around him, calling him 'Honey', yeah, that was definitely a sign to everyone that they belong together. So yeah, he wasn't letting go.
"I know, Cas."
Hes in his house freaking out.
"Everyone's here."
Wow, o.k. Ive never heard anyone whine about Cassie. Sorry, where was I? Oh, yeah. So, he wants to go back to school to study Apiology.
No apologizes, what do you need?
Cas was standing under the hot water cascade down his face. He needed to stop thinking about his friend, he didn't have time to jerk off this morning. Besides he didn't like doing that when Dean was in their room. He felt enough guilt that he fantasized about him when he got off but when he did he couldn't be quiet. No way Dean could miss what was going on, so waited for the two hours he had in the room to himself on Tuesdays and Thursdays. It gave him time to enjoy himself and make sure that he cleaned up all evidence of his activities.
He truly believed that he was in love with the apple eyed genius that was Dean Winchester. He was gorgeous, generous, smart, empathic, and an absolute cuddle bug. Yes, he was gone on Dean.
They watched as Azazel ran off stage with fire in his eyes. He spotted Sam and started towards him. Dean stepped out of the shadows to step in front of his brother causing Azazel to stop and go around them. The bully was now afraid of him and Cas without them ever touching him. Odd, but Dean had other things to think about.
"No."
Alpha.
He found himself holding onto a door knocker that was shaped like a honeycomb. Taking a deep breath, he let it fall against the door.
Dean loved his new friends. He loved living with his Uncle Bobby. He did not love sharing a room with his younger brother Sammy, but Bobby was working on clearing out the basement to make Dean his own room. He loved that Cas only lived about a mile away and left early every morning so he could walk to school with Dean and Sammy. The middle school was close to the high school so they always walked together. Most days after school Cas stayed to have a snack and the three of them would sit at the table and do their homework.
Dean switched between firm broad licks and teasing his rim by poking just the tip of his tongue against it without breaching him. Dean loved rimming as much as he did, giving and receiving. Dean liked to use his tongue to begin stretching him open for his cock, while Cas rimmed Dean before he would swallow his cock down and begin to deep throat him.
Cas was just about asleep when he heard Dean come out of the bathroom. Opening his eyes a crack, he saw the glory that was Dean Winchester wearing nothing but a few drops of water trailing down his back. He could feel his cock begin to swell.
"Night Cas."
Yeah, doesnt he? Before he could think himself into a downward spiral, he saw Gabe throw his head back and laugh.
What?
"Well, this is kind of our first date?"
"Yeah, he goes the same time we chat. Thats about the only time we're not together, except for classes. We changed our schedules so that we have the same times off since we don't actually have any classes together. Next semester we're going to take three classes together."
"Do you think she will choose bad ones? We do have final say, you know?"
"Are you looking for your SoulMate at all?"
All the worry and despair
Come on, Dean. What's your nose saying?
Every time Dean bit his lip he could feel his cock twitch. Every time Dean switched up his rhythm and bucked up into his fist with a faster, harder plunge, he could feel his thigh muscles contract. He wanted to be in that chair riding Deans cock. Every time he got a good look at his mans hole as he rolled his hips, he wanted to get his mouth on him.
Sam chimed in. Its the study of bees, I think.
"I do. The time that I had with Andrea was beyond amazing. I hope you find yours soon. If you would give me the chance, I would like it if we can start over. Friends."
Dean, someones coming!
"Is this alcohol?'
"Wow! Cas, I didn't know you could dance!"
"Um...well. You were saying something ridiculous about me being in love with Dean."
"Yeah. Somewhere close, I only have an hour before my next class."
Dean watched as Cas smiled at everyone while grabbing his backpack. He got goose bumps when Cas ran his hand across his shoulders his way to the door.
"Yeah, not happening."
"Here"
"No, Cas. I can't alter it, its a rental. Besides, this skirt, plus what I bought you to wear underneath are going to drive Dean insane."
Cas watched every move that Dean made as he walked over to the bedside table where his plugged in phone was lying. He groaned when those green eyes locked with his, as he watched those teeth bite his bottom lip. Damn, he wanted those lips and teeth on him, now.
"I dont know. Why?"
Sure thing, Dean. Call me in a few days?
"I told you I'm not interested. I'm really sorry about your SoulMate. Truly. I am still looking for mine, so back off. Why don't you go somewhere and sleep it off."
"Absolutely. Whatever makes it easier for you. My sister deals with anxiety too. I get it."
Cas pulled his head back so that he could see Dean's candy apple green eyes. Even under all the make-up that his costume called for, Cas could see the beautiful boy underneath. The one that made his heart speed up, the one who could make his mouth go dry, the one who could turn him on with nothing more than a wink. Oh, crap. Cas just remembered his was in a mini skirt, pressed up against Dean. He did not need to get hard right now. He really did enjoy the feel of Dean's hands holding him up by his thighs though. Crap.
"Dean, honey. I am sure that Cas would tell you if that wasn't something he was comfortable with. Didn't you tell me weeks ago that it was his idea to begin with?"
Dean was nervous as he looked over at Cas.
After a while he heard his Uncle in the kitchen so he pulled on some grey sweatpants to get up for breakfast. Deciding it was already warm he left his t-shirt on the chair.
That is was possible to feel the way I do
"Angelboy?"
"Yes, Dean"
"Lead on McDuff."
Thanks for reading, comments always welcome <3
Usually Cas fell asleep watching over Dean in the dark but tonight he found himself drifting off watching Dean watching their clasped hands. Heaven.
He turned gesturing with a box of tea asking Cas if he wanted some. Before he nodded yes Dean caught a grimace on his face.
"I remember, Cas. I know your schedule just about better than my own."
"Hey Bobby, guess what?"
"Where are you my Dean?"
Thanksgiving with the Winchester's is the next story in this series.
"Yo, future incarcerated hacker"
"Dean."
"I miss Dean."
I never knew
He jumped on the table again to make sure that Cas was still in the same spot when he saw something that made him see red! The drunk guy from the kitchen was all up on Cas! Cas was pushing him back slowing shaking his head no. He was gonna deck this Benny dude!
Dean opened the bottle of lube he had held in his hand and poured out a bit in his palm. He let it warm a moment before he wrapped it around the base of his cock. He had been hard since he had seen what Cas was doing, and it felt so good to finally touch himself.
Cas barely heard the last of what Dean said, even with his mouth right next to his ear, because Dean had thrust against his prostate. Then Dean did something he had never done before.
"I didn't hear any guy talking about reading a poem to his girlfriend. I just thougth..."
"Charlie, he was asleep. Why did you wake him?"
When they walked on stage Sam sat on a stool that they had arranged for before slipping his guitar strap over his neck. He drummed against the strings once before looking up and nodding at Dean.
"Nah, I won't be but a minute or so. Just wanted to let you know where I went. You still feeling alright?"
He heard the principal announce him and Sam's name and the applause and whistles from their friends.
"Of course, I always got your back. Now, what do you want to do?"
"Nope."
"Come on, future Doc, let's go look."
Good man.
"What time is Charlie coming by?"
He knew that his singing got Cas hot. Not the crap hes done in the car to annoy Sam, but when he would sing softly in his ear when its just the two of them. This might not be the best song lyrically for the moment, but the rhythm was something he found he could move his body to. He wanted to be buried in Cas and roll his hips to the beat.
Cas had just hung up the phone when Dean walked back into their room. He didn't know what else to do so he just stepped up to him and wrapped his arms around his neck. Holding on for dear life.
Dean could do without getting up two hours early most days of the week, but he could do without watching the way Cas woke up. The first thing he usually did was say Hello Dean in sleep roughened voice. Cas's voice was deep to begin with but after sleep it was just pure sex, at least to Dean's ears. The second thing he did was stretch. Not the way normal people do. Oh no, the way Cas stretched was designed solely to kill Dean. No, Dean told himself, he wasn't being dramatic, it's just how it was. He said Jody told him he was an angel in a past life, 100 percent believable, but Dean would add that he had been a big cat in another. Not a kitten. Nope Cas had definitely been a tiger or panther.
Thank you all for reading, for the kudos and comments. You guys are the best.
So, what am I supposed to do, stand still?
Awesome.
Cas let him help him up since he didn't think he was capable of doing it himself. His brain was swimming in alcohol. He stumbled a bit and ended up in Dean's arms. Chest to chest standing with his hips slotted in between Dean's. Oh, such a beautiful place to land. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck, sliding one hand into his hair just cupping the back of his head as they locked eyes, yet again. He has to lean closer as Dean begins to whisper to him.
Dean continued to worm his way through people dancing, getting bumped and spun around time and time again. After what seemed like eternity, there was a break in the sea of bodies Dean realized he had been turned around so much he was back where he started. Son of a bitch!
"I am happy. Are you, Dean?"
I thought you were asleep, Sugar.
"Oh. For your brain study paper?"
Cas decided that he really needed to talk to Miss Donna about why he liked wearing this mini-skirt along with the high heeled boots. He didn't feel feminine, he just felt kinda sexy. Almost like how he felt after masterbating. Really though, if he was honest with himself, what really made him feel sexy about his costume was the thought of Dean seeing him like this. The striped skirt was tight enough that it definitely showed his pantie lines, and Charlie said his panties peeked out as he walked which is why he was standing in the corner waiting for Dean to arrive.
I never knew
It was so hard, ha!, to keep his feelings and hands to himself. Just about every other night Cas would crash at his house after hours of playing video games, board games, or just watching movies. They always spent some time with Sammy and Dean thought it was awesome that Cas never made Sammy feel like the little brother tag along. He always listened when Sammy would talk too fast about something that exited him. He never talked down to Sammy, he treated him like he was the same as Dean. Well, except for the stuff that was only them.
He watches as Benny looks at the SoulMark on his arm. Benny takes another swig of the bottle of liquor he's been drinking as he looks at Dean and winks.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean knew he sounded like an idiot but he was having trouble keeping his omega in line and from running to his Mate like Right The Hell Now!
Just at that moment Dean witnessed a second miracle. The girl with the pink hair, the tight skirt, the nice ass, and the amazing thighs turned around and he realized that it was his Angel.
He yelled "honey" right before he jumped. Wrapping his arms and legs around Dean, he trusted him to catch him, and of course, he did.
"Oh yes, Dean. I feel a bit anxious but I have several things in my favor. I will be with you and Charlie. We have agreed that if either starts to panic, we will leave, and I have an extra session with Miss Donna tomorrow after I come get my costume from you tomorrow."
Dean swallows some more beer while looking into the living room praying he sees Cas, Charlie, or Max. If this guy doesn't stop staring he's gonna just dive into the mass of people and pray he finds one of them.
"Not happening, Bobby. I'm not trashing the only friendship that means something to me over a bit of a crush that I'm sure will go away."
He laughed hearing Cas and Charlie both question his name for Cas. He stepped forward putting Cas's back against the wall next to where Charlie was leaning. He wasn't letting go of Cas, but he wasn't the lightest Angel.
Dean collapsed, lying next to Cas with his head on his shoulder. Cas waited as their breathing came back to normal, and just as he was going to get up to get a cloth to clean them up, Dean spoke.
No...come on me. I wanna be covered in your come, not just mine.
Dean looked back up, he couldn't look anywhere but at the stage as he was singing, to see that Cas was gone. He wasn't in his seat. It didn't matter that every person in the auditorium was on their feet applauding for him. It didn't matter since Cas was gone.
"I'm not sure, Dean. She just said this evening. I imagine it depends on how much time she got to spend with Dorothy."
He had them up running every morning before they split to go to their jobs. Dean was still working for Bobby and Cas was still loving being in the library. After running a few miles Gad lead them back to the barn on Cas's folks property where he had a boxing bag hung up. After a summer of watching a shirtless Cas work up a sweat, building muscles, well, let's just say that he was very glad that he had his own shower in the basement. He wasn't always quiet when he shouted Cas's name when he stroked himself in the shower.
After getting dressed Cas took a sip of his coffee. It was delicious, as always. Dean was so good to him. He glanced over to the beautiful boy snuggled deep in their bed. He could just make out the movement of Dean's deep breathing under the thick comforter. He wondered if he was truly asleep yet. On mornings that he was sure that Dean was asleep Cas would risk leaving a soft kiss on the top of his head. He walked quietly over to the bed and after watching Dean breathing deep and steady he decided that he had fallen back asleep so it was safe. Leaning over he gently place a kiss on Dean's soft hair. Oh, how he wanted more but he didn't dare until his birthday came. All he could do right now what love him silently while enjoying being with him every day.
"Of course, Dean. I would never lie to you."
Yeah, but its not my Alpha. I smell cupcakes and brown sugar, not cherry pie and leather. He could hear the disappointment in his voice but he couldnt help it.
He felt the fire shift in his veins, the whooshing sensation in his lower belly, and his balls pull up tight just before he shot his load. He could feel his body clench down on Dean as his come splashed over their bodies. Cas had never come without any stimulation of his cock and he had no idea it could be this intense.
Cas felt his back stiffen. Was Dean going to go with Benny instead? He didn't think he could stand it if he lost Dean before he even....
"Are you alright, Cas? Where the hell did Benny go? I really wanna punch that guy!"
"Thanks, that's perfect."
"Sure thing, Darlin'. I'll take care of it in the morning when I make your cup, o.k.? You ready to go home?"
"I apologize..."
"What?"
"I love you too"
"Darlin'?"
Glancing at his watch when he was taking out his books for class he noted that Cas was probably just getting to therapy. He was so proud of Cas. Dean was waiting for his professor to start their lesson when he realized what Ash had said. Oh well, he thought to himself, the boots must be for Dorothy.
Yeah, yeah. I get it. Evil brother, I am. Geez. Wait.
"Hey Charlie, you doing alright? Are you drunk like Angelboy here?"
"Hey Cas?"
Cas was looking into the full-length mirror at his backside and how most of it wanted to peek out of the skirt.
"Cas. Wake up. Please. I need you "
He tried gently shaking Cas but all that accomplished was him rolling over and wrapping around Dean. He tried to keep his lower body away from Cas due to his morning wood, didn't work. He would tilt his hips back and Cas would snuggle up tighter. Oh, wow, that was Cas's erection flush against his hip. Oh, my God. The moment he realized this Dean could feel his cock fill out more. Dean knew he had to wake Cas up and now.
Wow. You two are all kinds of pretty. I'm Gabe. I believe my brother is your Mate....
They were two peas in a pod, thick as thieves, joined at the hip, and best friends from that moment on. They had 3 classes together plus the same lunch. Cas introduced him to his other friends who quickly became his too. There was Charlie, a scarily smart, funny, and obnoxious red head who was very quick to tell Dean he was pretty, just a shame she loved the ladies. There was Benny, who looked like an adult. He was a jock who loved his nerds as he called their group. Dean learned Benny was very protective of his friends and had a huge crush on a girl in their class named Andrea, he was just too chicken to talk to her. Last but not least there was Kevin, a genius who was constantly trying to decide where to go to college and whos Mom texted him every hour. Seriously, every hour. Even as serious as Kevin was, he was just as giving. Realizing that he had a class with Dean where Cas didn't, he made sure to show him where is was while telling him which of the jocks were the worst bullies.
"What was that, Cas?"
Just about, but...
Let me drive, that way you can concentrate on the scent.
"Mom? Good, everythings good. I have a question for you. Cas's folks are outta town for the holiday's and his birthday. Yeah? Thanks Mom. I'll call you later. Love you too. Mom says Hi Cas."
"Hmm. Wonder what time Cas will show up today?"
Dean prayed daily that Cas would be his. From the way that Cas acted around him he didn't think he would be horrified if he turned out to have Dean's matching SoulMark. However, Dean would be devastated if he didn't. Which is why he was trying so hard to keep his feelings from just exploding all over Cas. November 20th was never going to get here before Dean blew.
He chewed on his lip as he thought about it. He trusted Dean absolutely. If he thought this man was worth a second chance, he would give it to him.
"Yes."
Cas had been dancing with Charlie for a few songs before he pulled her back into the corner so he could catch his breath. It was hard work dancing and keeping his eyes open for Dean. He wished Dean was here right now. Why wasn't Dean here? Looking into his glass he realized he was out of tea. He liked tea. It was refreshing, especially the way Dean made it for him. Where was Dean? He needed Dean to make him another glass of this magical tea. He needed Dean. He always needed Dean, he missed Dean.
"Come on, Max. You can tell me what Cas is going as, I'm gonna see in about an hour."
He jumped when his door was pulled open before he realized it was Sam. He stumbled out of the truck and wrapped his arms around his brother.
Dean was just about to start running, when he felt a hand on his elbow. He looked at Gabe with his eyebrow raised.
Yes, I have heard the Dean Winchester thoughts on running since I started jogging in my freshman year of high school. I, for one, would be thrilled if your Mate is a runner. It would serve you right after bugging me about it for years. Years, Dean, years.
He turned to walk off stage when he saw Cas running towards him. He opened his arms to catch him. He was here! He hadn't walked out! He was holding him tight when he realized Cas was crying and that they were still on stage. He walked them off. Dean felt like crying himself. He was sure that Cas was trying to find a way to let him down.
The day before the talent show Dean was late to lunch. He was out of breath when he finally dropped down on the table bench next to Cas.
He watched as Dean let his fingers trail up from his hip to his chest. When he grazed his nipple with a thumb, he made a noise that sent shivers down Cas spine that was as intense as his grace used to feel.
Sure enough when he got downstairs he saw Benny sitting on the couch. He stood up when he spotted Dean walking towards him.
"Long Island Iced Tea."
Dean told him the corner he was parked at and Sam said he was on his way. He assured Dean he would help him find his Alpha. Dean hated that his younger brother knew how terrified he was, but there was no way he didnt hear all the things John Winchester had yelled at his eldest son once he disappointed him by presenting as an omega. Thank God, Missouri lived next door to them as they grew up. She cared for them more than John ever did and she set them straight on how to be who they were, and not what others told them.
Thank you, Dean. I am hungry, just tired, he said while stuffing fries in his mouth. He had adopted the manners of his boyfriend when he was tired.
After a few blocks, Deans nose led him to turn east on a nice little street that had single family homes with large trees. It was so peaceful, that he almost didnt realize that the scent was not dissipating. It was concentrated here! His Alpha was so close. He stopped and turned in a circle while his omega whined.
Dean had been asking Max for the entire time it took for him to put Dean's make-up on and the only answer he gave was 'no'. The process was taking a while since Max was a perfectionist that had learned to do make-up from his dad, a Broadway star.
Dean...so close, Baby. Please...dont stop. Don't you ever stop...
"So, you're cool with that?"
"I'm listening Charlie, please quit snapping your fingers in my face."
Dean! My name is Dean. Where is my Alpha?!
Please, follow me as we follow these two on their journey of Whole Lotta Love.
"Dean."
I never knew
Sure.
Dean had worked hard over the last month with Sam to make sure it was perfect. They could only work when Cas wasn't around which meant a lot of late nights or stolen hours in the middle of the day when Cas was helping out his Dad. He was nervous but excited. He knew he was ready to perform just not necessarily ready if Cas was going to reject him.
"Why are you still staring at me?"
"Thanks. I appreciate the apology. I still would have turned you down for coffee unless you understood that it would only be as friends. I am waiting for my SoulMate, I need you to understand that."
They had finished their lunch and were enjoying another cup of coffee along with some pie when Dean couldn't take it anymore.
Dean picked himself up from the shower floor. His orgasm this morning had literally brought him to his knees. This was the second day in a row that when he woke up to Cas's alarm there was a hard dick rubbing against him. Lucky for him Cas was actually getting up an hour early this morning to head over to Charlie's dorm, otherwise he would be going to his Algebra class sporting his hard on.
D...Dean?
"What about you, Cas. You gonna come to the show?"
"Dude, quit. What are friends for but to show you a new and unknown kink"
"Cool. I got the check. Meet you out front."
Dean grabbed his coffee along with Cas's tea before climbing back in their bed. Picking up the t.v. remote he glanced at Cas.
"No, I get it. I am asking you if you want to go?"
"Huh. Well, ya' know I could use some help in the garage if you want to earn some cash this summer."
"What's up, Garth?"
That a friend could be so true
"I have to go down and take care of something with Garth. I'll be back in a few."
"Yeah. He said it made him feel better but what if he's just doing it to take care of me? How's that fair to him?"
"Um, yeah."
"Nope. I gotcha where I want you now, Darlin' and I'm not letting you go."
"I am looking for my SoulMate."
"Sure. How was your day, Cas. You've been a bit quiet since you came in."
Dean wasn't really surprised that Max and Ash thought that, a lot of people had said the same thing to him or Cas over the last month. The librarian, Cas's English professor, Dean's Anatomy professor, and their dorm 'Mother' Garth just to name a few. He always liked it when people assumed that he was dating Cas but he really liked how Cas would start blushing and look at him through his eyelashes at him. He definitely understood the phrase 'butterflies in your stomach' since people would think they were together just from the way they acted towards each other.
Dean stood straight waiting to hear what Cas's reasons for letting him down would be. He just hoped he could salvage their friendship. He heard Cas take a deep breath before wrapping his arms around his neck, flashing him 'his' smile with tears still in his eyes.
"O.k."
"Dean, stop. Yeah, he's the one, Bobby. Dean, I'll be fine. Between Benny being next to me and the training we had from Gad, I'll be fine. I'm not afraid of him I just detest him."
I never knew
"I need you all to suck it up and come. I'm...I'm performing and I want my friends there."
Cas laughed out loud when he used air quotes. He gave Cas grief for using them all the time, and here his boyfriend had adopted one of his quirks. It made him extremely happy.
"Ow! Charlie! Quit smacking me! I won't tell. When do I get to see my costume?"
It was still difficult to single out people he knows, they were packed in the room like sardines!
Sammy, I smelled my Alpha.
"Gotta scoot, paper to write before I crash. Didn't get a chance to finish it today like I planned. Peace Out!"
Dean was still slowly stroking himself, paying special attention to the blushed head by tracing the ridge with his finger. It felt so good, but even better was watching the way Cas hips were starting to undulate to the beat of the song. Dean was keeping the same beat with his strokes and decided to notch it up a bit.
"I always need you, Dean. I hate to eat and run, and it was delicious as always Bobby, but Dad said I need to get home before dark to help him with the chicken coop. See ya' in the morning."
Just dont rip the pillow, Babe. He heard the humor in his voice but Cas took the suggestion to heart. Dean always made him lose control, and he really didnt want to rip the pillow.
No, no. It was just a thought. Well go south.
And they do it all with grace
"Does that bother you, Dean?"
He knew Dean to be a generous and patient lover. He could think of nothing he wouldnt do with this man. He moved to sit how Dean directed him. He was sitting in between Deans legs, which were raised, bent with his feet on the edge of the bed. He was stopped when he went to touch him, though.
"Are you a Tiger, Cas?"
Yeah.
He sent Cas a small smile and squeezed the hand that grasped his.
"Asleep? No, he bitched cuz I caught him before his shower. Anyway, I'm going to class. I will bring his costume over tonight, but I wanna keep yours a secret from him. Don't you dare tell him you're dressing Fem!"
"He'll be here soon."
Dean shook those thoughts out of his head while he made Cas a third cup of tea, and coffee for him and Charlie.
"Dean, honey! The tea, it made me feel fuzzy, and woozy, and it made me dance! I want to dance with you, can we dance? Not here, though. Dean, the tea.... The tea was mean to me, will you talk to it for me?"
Cas,had walked her to her classroom and as she walked through she turned to look him up and down. He swore he heard her mutter something about maybe they would write this into the movies one day.
Hmmm...well see.
He didn't really want to walk among a bunch of sweaty strangers but Cas was in there.
"Alright. Since you are here though, why don't we get back to you telling me about how you and the twins interact."
"Cas!"
"Good. This is going to work, Dean. Trust me. You sound amazing and he loves you! I know so, Bobby knows so, the whole damn school knows so. Everyone but you."
Dean was a bit worried when Max broke out in a fit of the giggles.
"Are you going to the regular library or will you be at medical?"
"I came to apologize. I never drink that much, its just....well, last night was the anniversary of the day that I lost my Andrea. It hits me pretty hard every year."
"Do you want me to meet you downstairs?"
Best Beta<3
"My Mom just called. Her and my Father are going to be going away for my birthday and the holiday's. They're taking the twins Europe to enroll them in school there. She never even asked me if I wanted to go."
Over the past summer Cas's older brother Gadreel, decided that he and Cas needed to do something other than 'nerd out' as he called it. He didn't think that swimming around the creek was enough so he came up with an exercise program for them. Gadreel had just got out of basic training and had two months before he was going to be shipped off the Japan for three years.
But I do
I never knew
Dean had never been so tired (outside of his heats) in all his life. Who knew moving his Moose of a younger brother a full days drive to his university would knock him down. He stuck his head back under the spray of the sad shower in the motel room. It was barely big enough for him to turn around in and the pressure was non-existant. However, on the plus side, there seemed to be an unlimited supply of hot water.
"Don't ask stupid questions Dean. You know that I can't sleep unless we are in the same bed. Do you not want me..."
They had watched Charlie's copy of Starship Troopers which had just been released so Cas really wasn't going to as her how she had a copy of it yet. Besides, that wasn't what was causing him to lay next to Dean unable to sleep. He had tried not to keep Dean awake but apparently, he didn't do too good of a job when he heard Dean whisper to him in the dark.
Cas felt Charlie wrap her arm around his waist and giving him a supportive squeeze. He was trying to clear the fuzzies from his head, why did tea do this to him, as he stood tall. He was very thankful to the high heeled boots otherwise he would feel extremely small compared to the guy stalking towards him. He wasn't stopping, he was walking up into his personal space. The only people allowed there was Dean, and occasionally Charlie. Cas threw his arm up, stopping the guy by putting his hand on his chest.
Dean talked to Missouri for a few more minutes before their session was over. He texted Cas to come home, grabbed some clean clothes, and headed to the shower. He knew he had enough time before Cas and Charlie showed up for their dinner, study, movie night. It wasn't the exciting Friday night that most college movies portrayed but it was perfect for the three of them. Sometimes four if Dorothy could get the night off but being a bartender in New York, she usually worked. He and Cas weren't as close to her as they were Charlie, he kinda felt bad but he was worried that the older girl may be pushing Charlie. They weren't SoulMates and while a lot of people didnt necessarily 'wait for their mate' like he and Cas, he just didn't want Charlie to do something she would regret when she meets hers.
"What if our marks don't match? What if I wake up on my birthday with a SoulMark that is not a match to Dean? I don't think I would survive that!"
"Nope. Quit trying to figure it out. It's not a movie character yet, theyve just been in a comic so far. Are you guys looking forward to Friday?"
"Watch out!"
"Are you about done? We need to leave soon."
"I'll take this back to the dorm, Dude. I need to go get some papers anyhow."
Yeah.
"Son of a bitch"
"Cool. You're gonna look amazing and I know he'll think so too."
He walked towards Sam laughing. When his brother raised an eyebrow at him in a question, he just shook his head.
Dean knew Sammy was, like, genius smart, but Dean was smart, too. Unfortunately, their dad didnt see the need to spend money on schooling an omega. He only got to graduate from high school because he could still work a full shift at the garage in the afternoons, and he always kept the house clean and a hot meal ready. He had gotten really good at utilizing a slow cooker.
"Can't you make it longer?"
He felt his brother squeeze his shoulder in support, which settled him some. His Alpha didn't reject him, but it seemed he was afraid, instead, that Dean would reject him. Pfft...as if.
He was startled with a knock on the door. Shoving his phone in his pocket he opened the door to Garth, the dorm "Mother".
Oh, fuck ...Dean! His eyes rolled back in his head when he felt the first pass of Deans tongue across his hole.
"Don't you dare! I .I liked it."
Umm...huh?
"No, it's too hard to see anything in there."
"Thanks for coming down, man."
What?
He was losing his damn mind. Dean always hit his prostate when they were together this way, but this time he was barely moving in and out of Cas. He was grinding his hips hard enough to keep his large, velvety head continually rubbing on his hot spot. Fuck.
"Night, son."
"Cas, come on man. No snooze today. Remember, you were late last Monday and you told me to make sure you got up today."
He stomped off the table and took a direct route to Cas and Charlie. He was no longer polite, he simply moved the people who were in his way. Using gentle but determined movements he bumped the guys out of the way, he spun the girls out of the way. No one and nothing was going to stop him this time. He had to get to his Angel.
I never knew
"Come on, coffees done and Bobby is cooking the bacon."
"Hey, Garth."
The constant and intense manipulation of his prostate by the head of Deans cock and the dirty, love talk whispered into his panting mouth by the love of his life was just too much for the former angel to withstand.
"Cas!"
I never knew
"Of course. Are you?"
What?
Hell, he wants a houseful, but he doesnt want his Mate to feel like a brood mare, ya know? His house on the Bee Property, as I call it, has 6 bedrooms. He has said over and over, that if his Mate wants a career, he could be an At Home Alpha. Raising pups and bees.
Twenty minutes later Dean was hot, out of beer, and just about out of patience. They had walked all around the living room but with all these people it was impossible to find them.
"Bitch, watch it. Gonna break the bed bouncing it that hard."
I never knew
"Oh. I should do it more often, it's extremely soft."
"Names Benny, and I work here, not a student. So, let's go find somewhere more private."
Im staying with him right now. My baby brother is taking care of his dumb, older, omega brother. I will find a motel or something for a few days and let you two get acquainted so to speak. Yeah, anyhow, hes staying here close to school, so I have somewhere safe to stay while I finish school.
Yeah, thats it. Gonna watch your pretty cock spray your chest with come. Gonna make you shoot without even touching your big cock. Come on, Sugar, just feel what Im doing inside you. You like that?
"Interesting. Nope. Never said it. I never said you were in Love with Dean, I said you were Gone on him, and that was like 5 minutes ago. I moved on from that onto the fact that you really need to get a new laptop, dude. Yours is ancient and you need the upgrade. I am however, ready and willing to talk about you being in Love."
