Sherlock’s parents turned out to be his birthmother and carrymother. Sherlock’s and Mycroft’s father was neither present nor mentioned in conversation. John noted the absence of photos of the missing alpha and having both common sense and good manners, refrained from asking.
Then the former tsaritsa died suddenly.  Without a wife, the tsar was no longer deemed qualified to rule and Clara’s rise to the throne became imminent.  Her enemies unleashed a campaign of rumours and even open accusations, claiming that she had poisoned the tsaritsa.  Clara looked to her spouse for support, but Harrieta was busy drowning her grief in the way most familiar to her.  Instead of support, she responded with drunken anger.
Holmes. She changed her name on marriage?” Betas usually did, but omegas more often kept their names and only took the title Mrs.
The fog of John’s weariness suddenly evaporated. “Immediately after you shot him,” he specified, just to make things perfectly clear.
“The protagonist is a former soldier. His love interest is a nurse.” Sherlock’s tone was completely level, even casual, but it was belied by the intense focus of his gaze and the tense squareness of his shoulders as he waited for a response.
Janine elbowed him. “Be nice, Sherl! He grinned at her as she continued, “John, I haven’t told Mary about this. I kind of wanted to surprise her.”
with a betologist for a case?” Mary wiped up some egg yolk with a bit toast as she continued. “Maybe suggest that the betologist use him as a hypothetical example to answer the questions he’s asking? He’d still have to buy black-market hormones, but there are ways to test for quality and at least he’d have professional advice on how to use them.” She popped the toast in her mouth.
“Why wouldn’t he?  It’s never boring – well, almost never.  Ivan, there are new crimes committed there every day.  Most people blunder around the city and all they see are streets and shops and carriages.  But underneath the commonplaces, London is a battlefield.  When you walk with me you’ll see that.  I can show you.”
It was only after they were both more or less clean that John realized Sherlock might prefer to sleep alone –if indeed he intended to sleep at all. But Sherlock forestalled the question by pointedly turning back the covers. Once John had slipped in, Sherlock got the lights and then followed. After a brief moment of awkward distance, they settled in more comfortably together, Sherlock’s gangly body wrapped partially around John’s more compact one.
“Don’t say no right away. You could think about it awhile, y’know? I don’t want you to feel pressured or, well, anything. Well, I guess I
Innocent of either yellow tape or police officers, the alley instead offered an abundance of trash and footprints. The rear end was closed off by a wooden fence, with a rusted metal bin in one corner.
“Assault Tyler Caustlin. He was unarmed and it was already evident from his attempt at a punch that he doesn’t know how to fight.  You had to know that I wasn’t in any real danger.”
Sherlock promptly abandoned the fight and threw himself into position between Mary’s legs, yelling, “My gloves, John, and quick! There’s not a moment to lose!”
“And perhaps the sort of person who’d be willing to marry a partly crippled ex-soldier wouldn’t mind finding out that instead they’d married a possibly cursed tsarevich,” Ivan offered.  “If there
Stevens gave him a watery smile.  “Eh, nothing’s worth my Angie.  But you’re right, she saw some pretty fancy surroundings.  Sometimes she tells me stories... she told me stories... she, Angie, she...”  He started to cry again.
Cautiously, he crept down one flight.  A door on the landing had been left half ajar.  Through the gap, Ivan could see a small chamber, its wall richly hung with tapestries, and a slight, dark-haired man in black robes facing the wall to Ivan’s left.  The man’s hands were held in mid-air, as if he were either raising them or lowering them from being raised.  As Ivan started to back out of sight, the tip of his sword struck the door.  The man turned – and smiled.  Ivan tried to jump back but found his muscles frozen as the man traced a shape in the air.
“If John required me to ‘be nice’ to him, he never would have started taking me on dates in the first place.”
They went back up to Sherlock’s room, where John left Sherlock and Mary to chat while he tracked down a nurse for more information as to when he could visit and what he could and could not bring Sherlock during his hospital stay. The “could” list was largely absent of anything Sherlock might actually want. The “could not” list omitted several items that would certainly have been on it if the nurse had known more about her patient.
Only when John was lying in bed later that night did it occur to him that Sherlock had quite effectively diverted the conversation away from Janine, Dexter and relationships in general.
“For some people, yes.  For you?  Time will tell.  Speaking of time, it’s late, so you should stay the night.  But, ah, I’m a woman alone, and the neighbours gossip, so, ah, if you wouldn’t mind...”
“This one’s taken!” yelled Wentworth as he tried to manhandle Campbell-Williams into the back seat. A thick-set man started to get out of the front passenger seat to assist him.
When Marfa Hudovna woke him, Ivan was somewhat embarrassed to find that he’d dozed off.  What was left of the afternoon went by quickly and peacefully.  He spent some time with Bezimyan and then helped Marfa Hudovna weed her vegetable garden.
So here he was in front of her cell once again, standing where he’d stood many times before.  She was sitting with her back to him today.  This didn’t mean she didn’t want to see him.  It certainly didn’t mean she didn’t know he was there.
His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the front door opening and then voices, Mrs Hudson’s and...  Damn, Lestrade’s!
“I could not stay once I realized. I am sorry.  Helen – Dr Campbell-Williams – she does not know why I left.”
With a thundering roar, the main part of the keep collapsed.  The northern tower, standing alone now, was visibly shaking.  “Sherlock!” Ivan cried as he charged towards its base – or tried to, for he was suddenly seized from behind.  His captors weren’t strong enough to hold him, but as he fought his way free, the top of the tower exploded in a shower of stone and sparks.
But Mr Holmes didn’t miss a trick and he wasn’t above teasing. “Maddy, what are you up to over there? I see you whispering in that handsome young alpha’s ear. He’s your son-in-law and don’t you forget it!”
.  He grew bolder and tongued the slit, holding Sherlock’s hips down by force as the man tried to thrust up, and that’s when John realized that
John stared as Sherlock stepped up to the kerb and hailed a cab. When Sherlock pointedly held the door open for him, he considered walking off in the opposite direction.  His desire to confront Sherlock won out, and he scrambled into the cab after all.
Molly bit her lip.  “Did he really say that?  About my work?  Or were you just making it up so I’d feel better?”
The solitary blond glared at his mobile and clicked a button several times. As Campbell-Williams turned back to face Wentworth, there was a moment when she and the blond man appeared to look directly at each other.  He scratched his nose, she continued to turn and the moment was over.
it.  And if his army service came up at all, he could use the Fifth Northumberland to draw attention away from his more recent service and his actions during the Revolution.”
John angled closer and peered over Sherlock’s shoulder. “They’re reprints of journal articles.  Sherlock, did you steal these from the lab?”
Mary snuggled against his side, kissed his ear. “Let it go for tonight, love. You need to sleep if you’re going to be good for anything tomorrow.”
“Nope.” John smiled a bit wider and leaned forward a little. “So, do you want to watch the film again
“I’m pretty sure it doesn’t,” John replied mildly, preparing a couple of extra slices just in case.  “Do you do all your research from books and papers?  I was told not to bother bringing my laptop because there was no Internet access here.”
“Sherlock...” John growled, but Mary cleared her throat. When John looked at her, she was very pale.
“I retract... my statement... that you’re... short.” Sherlock drove his arse down extra hard on John’s cock. “Not short... at all... So very... long. Thick. John.” Sherlock’s own cock was dripping all over John’s belly. “John, touch me! Oh.
“I finished medical school at the University of Toronto on a scholarship from the Canadian Forces,” John said proudly.
“Neither Lestrade nor anyone on his team is capable of recognizing them as evidence, so they won’t be missed.”
John tossed the phone to Sherlock and went to get his gun and jacket. By the time he returned, Sherlock was slipping the phone into the pocket of the Belstaff.
“All right, I remember some of this from my pre-medical biology courses,” said John. “But I’m surprised you haven’t deleted it. It doesn’t seem to have much relevance to human crimes.”
Stripped to his vest and pants, John lay down on top of the coverlet, not expecting to sleep. In the strictest sense, his expectations were met.  But in the darkness, his thoughts drifted here and there.  He only realized he’d lost track of them entirely until sometime later, when the sound of the violin from the flat below recalled him to himself.  Sherlock was, thank god, indulging in recognizable melody tonight.
Once upon a time there was a vast empire inhabited by many different peoples who spoke many different tongues.  Thus, its ruler was known by many of his subjects as Tsar Watt Yakovlevich, by many others as Emperor Watt Jameson and by some – who lived mainly in the mountains in the north and west of the country – as Bhatair mac Sheumais àrd-righ.
“In most mammals, the newly born infant’s forelimbs have to be well developed enough for the infant to pull themselves from the mother’s birth canal to her pouch. This limits the prenatal resources that can be devoted towards brain development. The evolution of a secondary gender in hominids creates a pool of individuals who have no children of their own but who benefit the gene pool of their immediate family group by ‘catching’ infants at birth and placing them in their own pouches.”
Puzzled, Ivan turned his head slightly to find a rosefinch perched on his shoulder.  “Oh, that one!  He’s been following me ever since I shared my breakfast with him!”
But he thought she’d enjoy his proposition, might go along with it despite the monitoring.  He spent the helicopter ride with his fingers itching for the feel of violin and bow.  Soon, he told them, soon.
Sherlock was at his microscope when John burst into the flat, having practically run up the seventeen steps.  He didn’t look up, but emitted a noncommittal hum that might have been a greeting.
When Mrs Holmes looked up from the photo and discovered John watching Sherlock and Mr Holmes, she leaned closer. “Sweet, aren’t they?” she whispered. “Timothy’s over the moon, but don’t tell him I told you.”
“Unless you’re holed up in an alley somewhere being shot at.” Mary knew far too much about their usual working conditions.
“Professional, as far’s I can tell from photos. Nex’ time bring ta whole arm.” This was apparently a joke, as Smoky followed it with a wheezy laugh.
“I told him his part.”  Sherlock shrugged.  The motion made his feathers rustle.  “It was to distract the guards while I got in, no more.  If he was too much of an idiot to run away afterwards, that’s hardly my problem.”
“My sister Harrieta Watovna is a fine woman, quick-witted and high-spirited, far better suited to hold the throne than I am.  But to do this she must be married.  Drink is her great weakness and the chief reason her previous wife left her.”
him to burn, it licked at his legs, at his hands and the flesh blackened and split but he would not let go of... what was it he was holding?  He knew only that it was precious and that he would never,
“In Mary’s defense,” said Sherlock, and there was something strange about his voice, “She saved my life.”
Sherlock slid closer around the table and tilted his head towards John’s, as if in intimate conversation. John could feel the slight puff of breath against his cheek as Sherlock spoke.  “String of burglaries, all from photography supply shops.  The last one went slightly awry.  The shop’s owner walked in while the job was in progress.  There was a scuffle and the thief fled, but not before the owner got a good look at him.”
“Quite. Foucault has worked on and off in the field of chromochemistry throughout his life.  However, he didn’t appear to be making any great progress until he met Campbell-Williams at a conference in the States three years before she returned to the UK.  Following that meeting, the entire direction of his research changed.  In the next paper he published, he gave credit to Campbell-Williams for her assistance.  In the next paper after that, published shortly before she left the States, she was listed as a co-author.”
After supper, John set about locating Sherlock’s laptop.  This proved to be easier than he’d first thought because the moment he began shifting books and papers about, Sherlock leapt up, declaring that John was moving things “out of order.”
“It is a brave offer, my son,” intoned Watt gloomily, “But the nobles are already restless.  For now they watch each other, waiting to see who will make the first move.  But if word gets out that we plan to set a commoner beside you on the throne, they will unite and rise against us.”
“What if I just used my hands and mouth? Imagine how that would feel, mmmm?” The coaxing tone was back.
As if on cue, Eurus returned to John’s theme in its basic form.  But when Sherlock began to play Rosamund’s, she frowned slightly, played a discordant trill.  Sherlock attempted John’s theme as a duet.  Another discordant trill from Eurus.
Apparently not, because Sherlock scowled at him and instead of answering, asked Lestrade, “So where are we?”
“And ask an officer to deliver drugs for him? It was at a crime scene, actually.  He informed me that thanks to Yard’s incompetence, the supposed murder victim was by now happily starting a new life in Costa Rica and that Anderson would show signs of intelligence before the
“Not at all,” John replied, trying for his best, most inviting smile. It had been a while since he’d smiled at a woman this way, but he was fairly sure he hadn’t lost the trick of it.  He waved at his glass.  “May I get you something?”
“Where did you think you’d be now at this time last year?” he asked, as much to distract himself as for any other reason.
God, it seemed unreal that they could both still be almost entirely dressed, even to their shoes, with their trousers and pants pulled down to leave them naked from waist to ankle. Sherlock deftly untied his own shoes and kicked them off.  Pants and trousers followed the shoes, and then Sherlock was kneeling at John’s feet, looking up through his lashes as he dealt with
“And that concession would be acceptable to you?” The question was quiet, without mockery. Sherlock was making a genuine effort to understand a concept that eluded him.
“Never mind,” said Lestrade, setting his mug down.  “I don’t have time for this.  John, thanks for the tea.  And
With that, Ivan strode off, not caring if the others followed or not.  Behind him, he heard Andreyev whining about the extra walking and how his boots hurt his feet.  But Tyuleneva and Andreyev did follow, all the way back to the clearing where – sweet gods, was it just last night? – Ivan and Sherlock had camped.  Together.  Ivan shook his head to clear his thoughts and headed for the tree where he’d hidden the jewels.  The bundle was still there, and he slipped it into his shirt.  Taking up the case he’d taken from the castle, he turned to Tyuleneva and Andreyev.
Lestrade let himself out, shutting the door to the flat behind him.  John could hear him exchanging remarks with Mrs Hudson and Marie downstairs but couldn’t make out what they were saying.
“They run a homeless shelter and also help people who’ve been living in the shelter find more permanent places to stay and get settled in. As a result, they have an ongoing need for donations of household goods. Anything their clients can’t use they can probably sell in their thrift shop.”
before those show up.”  Sherlock threw himself back against the seat dramatically, as if illustrating the horror of being forced to wait
“Would you mind, John? It’ll save me taking them ‘round to Baker Street. I hope the sizes and colours are all right, I did my best with the information Sherlock gave me...” She paused, finally catching up with the look on John’s face. “John? Sherlock said he told you.”
“Misha Kamen’brodsky seems to have taken that upon himself.” Sherlock sounded – put upon?  A bit testy, perhaps, at having to admit that he’d been unable to deduce Misha’s motives.
John sighed. “It’s not for want of trying.  It’s... too quiet to sleep here, if that makes any sense.”
“There was some debate among the senior researchers as to whether or not we should publish,” Foucault continued. “Some said no, but Dr Blessington said it was our responsibility, that other researchers should not inadvertently repeat what we had done.  But I think you have already read the resulting paper, Mr Holmes?”
The acerbic pragmatism pierced the barriers John had gathered around himself to allow him to acknowledge his circumstances while keeping them at a distance. Now they gathered close around him, choking him, leaving him unable to speak.
Despite occasional twinges of pain and stiffness in his shoulder, Ivan found himself the most able-bodied member of the company.  He enjoyed the easy walking in the pleasant weather.  He slept soundly at night, his sword close to hand and the case containing Sherlock’s heart tucked in against his chest.  Ivan’s dreams played themselves out to the lub-dub of the heart’s steady beat, but he never remembered the details in the morning.
“Two people, probably male, one shorter than the other.  When an officer addressed them, they ran down the alley and went over a fence behind the building.”
There were more people about as well.  Their clothes looked as cheap as the cars.  No one seemed to be wearing the drab, ragged clothing that John associated with poverty, but neither was anyone wearing clothing that looked particularly well-cut or well-made.
“But none underneath the actual building. Merely a modest wine cellar stocked with excellent vintages.”
“The same way I imagine you’d look at another alpha who’d come courting your beta,” Dexter replied bluntly.
Setting these on the counter, he opened the refrigerator to see if they had any milk.  And slammed the refrigerator shut again.
“Ah, they’re standing next to each other, but not particularly close. They’re turned slightly away from each other, focussed on the other people around them.  They obviously didn’t colour coordinate their outfits.”
“Oh, dear, Marie’s at odds with the appliances again.  John, the boys have the room upstairs.  Don’t hesitate to let me know if they cause you any trouble.”
“Your people have trampled the mud down the centre of the alley like a herd of cattle.  Fortunately last night there was a puddle in the centre.  It’s dried since, but both the killer and the victim were forced to walk along the wall on their way to this room.  Only the killer came back out.”
“The conductor of light thing. Yeah.”  John felt his anger begin to drain away.  “I recognized that.”
“He knew what building to go to and everything. There were still some students around.  Uncle Don said we had to wait until they left, so we hid in one of the toilets.”
“Why?  I don’t want coffee, I want the samples to compare them with the one I took from today’s corpse.”
is prior to your fake-death stunt, because by the time you resurfaced, I wasn’t dating anymore, I was
“I’m just saying that once you start invoking subconscious lists of traits, it sounds a hell of a lot like you’ve found a long-winded way of saying ‘soulmates.’”
this, he was just about to – when the damn waiter returned. John turned and looked the fellow straight in the eye, ready to tell him where he could go.
“Correct.  The way the other items are arranged on the desk indicates that a laptop usually sat among them.”
Sherlock had in fact stopped a few metres away.  As John hobbled up to him, he continued speaking as if there’d been no break.  “The other part was that people who had less saw a chance to get more from those who had more.  You remember my parents?  My father tried to defend the family home against looters with an old shotgun he kept for hunting.  Both he and my mother died.”
plan to continue your association, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
much space, you berk.  Look, I, ah...  I’ll let you know about the stuff in 221C.  Thanks for, well, not just pitching it out.  I’m – I’m going to make tea, would you like some?”
Lestrade’s grip on Tyler’s arm was firm, but his voice was curiously gentle. “Tyler Caustlin, I arrest you on charges of criminal damage and burglary.”
Lestrade closed his eyes briefly and appeared to be counting backwards from ten, but Caustlin answered steadily enough. “It was done surgically.  I was only a few years old at the time.  My mother – his older sister – told me later that he had some sort of bone disease but that it wasn’t hereditary.”
John approached and lowered himself carefully to the floor, envying Sherlock’s ability to crouch easily.  The woman appeared to be in her early 30s.  She was dressed in neat, quiet clothing – blouse, skirt, low shoes.  No make-up and no jewelry except for a thin gold chain that ran around her neck and underneath her blouse.
“Not specifically. It would be a mistake to theorize in advance of the facts.  Did he tell you the name of his hotel?”
When he reached the top of the well, the rope stiffened and held him steady as he climbed out, shivering as the cold night air raised goose bumps on his wet skin.  But the fire wrapped around him, warm and caressing, stroking and soothing and then not soothing at all as it wrapped around his hips, close and hot and intimate.  He thrust forward into it, unable to help himself, and the flames chuckled and whispered his name, vanyavanyavanyushhhhhhka, and he thrust again...
With that he rose up on his toes and kissed Sherlock full on the lips, yet chastely and gently.  When he drew back, Sherlock stared at him a moment, then turned back to the books and papers.  Ivan couldn’t tell if Sherlock was avoiding his gaze or just more interested in the books and papers.  Shaking his head, he went to find out where Marfa Hudovna had bestowed him for the night.
Oh! His cycling gear! He’d been making good progress on cycling, shame to give it up now. But there wasn’t enough space remaining in the box for his gear, so he had to start a second box. And there was the bicycle itself to think of. He’d never manage all this on the Tube. The taxi fare would be exorbitant, even if the driver could be persuaded to carry the bike.
“Ah, noticed the weight, did ya? It’s cloth but wiv somethin’ wrapped inside. I thought mebbe books, you bein’ a doctor an’ all, but the shape ain’t right for books.”
Sherlock leaned forward and picked up the crumpled scrap lying on the floor. “This will do.  It’s clean.”
“Too early for a client,” proclaimed Billy.  And then to Archie, “Betcha five shillings it’s that copper fellow Lestrade.”
On impulse, John went up on his toes a bit and pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. When he would have pulled back away, Sherlock hugged him. Hard. They stood with their arms wrapped around each other for several moments, breathing in each other’s scents. Sherlock’s sunny autumn had acquired new notes recently, hard to describe and yet unmistakably
“D’you think that’s why he’s become so obsessed with the wedding details? He’s trying to protect us from having anything go wrong?”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and raised his chin. “Based on the level of intelligent participation your presence adds to any conversation, it’s often hard to tell.”
“Someone needs to tell me what happened,” John said after he’d taken a few sips. Mary, her mouth full of biscuit, nodded at Sherlock. She’d all but jumped on the biscuits. John wondered when she’d last eaten.
Mortified, John blurted, “Christ, all I asked for was something more special than a candle! I’m sorry, I’ll ask Angelo to...” It was only then that he caught the glint in the grey eyes. “You’re taking the piss, aren’t you?”
“It’s amusing to listen to you gather all the facts in your hands and still be unable to arrange them in a way that makes any kind of sense,” Sherlock sneered.
The passengers on this particular trans-Atlantic flight were, in general, a cheerful bunch.  John couldn’t help picking up snatches of conversation.
Ivan was hardly in a position to argue.  He sank down onto the ground and allowed her to push aside his surcoat, lift the hem of his bloody shirt.  His wound was still bleeding, the blood thick and crimson red.  Crimson red...
, for example” – Sherlock indicated a small mound of bits and pieces – “appears to be 97.6% of the remains of a research-grade microscope that would have fetched at least £300 if the thief knew how to contact the right sort of buyer.”
“On the contrary, the facial expressions of the victims and the particulates themselves strongly suggest
Sherlock finally looked up from his microscope.  “Lestrade, I assume you’ve already checked with Mesdames Hudson and Turner as to Billy’s whereabouts at the time of last night’s ‘disturbance’?”
Her upward lilt at the end of the sentence made it sound as if the matter were in doubt and that she’d be neither surprised nor unhappy if the answer turned out to be “no.”
“I’ve already answered plenty of questions, not that anything’s been done towards finding Joe’s murderer.  I’ve got a business to run.”
, he and Sherlock. They thwarted criminals. They cheated death and not always but often enough, they saved lives. And now Mary ran with them, omega to their alpha and beta, as intent as they were on their shared purpose.
Without waiting for a reply from John, he turned towards the stairs and yelled down, “Mrs Hudson!  Have Billy and Archie bring my husband’s bags up.  And we need tea!”
Sherlock had indeed been bleeding internally, the result of sutures torn somewhere in the process of climbing out the hospital window, gallivanting around London arranging his trap, executing said trap and acting more or less as Mary’s defence solicitor. Dr Dixon had not been at all happy to have to repair her earlier work. John had suggested that she express her displeasure to Sherlock personally, supplying plenty of technical detail and not pulling any verbal punches. From the look on Dixon’s face, John got the impression she was looking forward to it.
“And yet, over a distance of six feet, you failed to make a kill shot.” He was breathing heavily. “Enough to hospitalise me, not enough to kill me. That wasn’t a
“He should be in for at least a week. I had them put him in a room as far above the ground as possible.”
Pauline looked decidedly unimpressed, but she pointed to a short corridor leading off the pub’s main room.  “That way.”
John reacted without thinking, grabbing the teen and pinning him against the wall with his arm up behind his own back. “Hold still!  Just hold still now and you’ll be fine.  Don’t...”  The teen tried to twist away and yelped.  “Don’t try to pull away or you’ll dislocate your shoulder.  Sherlock, are you...”
Mrs Hudson reappeared with a plate of biscuits and negotiated the steps with hardly any more than trouble than John, who perforce moved further into the flat in order to stop blocking the doorway. Having felt that he’d finally arrived, he set his bag down. She bustled past him and set the plate on the coffee table, announcing, “I’ll just make us all some tea, shall I?”
Victor, thought Ivan.  He turned to Sherlock to – to say something, he wasn’t sure what.  To offer condolences?  Ask questions?  But Sherlock was already striding towards the table, sweeping scrolls to the floor to clear a space, snapping his fingers for the case Ivan carried.
Fine, thought John, and went into the bedroom.  In the centre of the bed lay a box.  In the box was a brand new mobile phone.
“Ignore John, Dexter. He’s devoted to his evening paper and becomes grumpy when interrupted. Would you like some tea? Please, sit down.”
Marie looked rueful.  “Not for girls born soon after the Revolution, it’s not.  Too many parents got hold of the same clever idea at once.”
“Because my child may not be able to have three parents, but it deserves at a least two – and a stable home.”
“And I was right, wasn’t I?” she asked bitterly. “If I hadn’t gone, none of this would have happened.”
This innocuous question started Sherlock off on a rant against the vacuity of the available programming, complete with detailed descriptions of the programs Sherlock found most offensive.
Neither the chemistry girl nor the lanky rugby bloke had shown up.  Instead John found himself trapped by several middle-aged men, all of them worse for wear after a few drinks, who claimed not only to have been on the rugby team but also to have been John’s best mates.  John did his best to see past the effects of accumulated weight gain and receding hairlines, but he recognized none of these men.  He was torn between being grateful that Sherlock had refused to come with him and the thought that at least Sherlock’s deductions would have made the evening more interesting.
Foucault sighed. “By temperament, yes.  And also, she does not understand the complexities of experimenting on living beings, especially living human beings.  You know about the incident in Germany?”
“Oh, yeah, John, sorry.” He eyed John, John’s newspaper, John’s armchair and John’s sock-covered feet.
“It’s too bad, that’s what it is,” opined another one.  George?  “’Cause it means you don’t remember the posh junky.”
When Sherlock said nothing further, Ivan opened the case.  He saw Sherlock’s eyebrows go up at the sight of the four feathers tucked in next to the heart, but he could not tell read Sherlock’s expression at all.  Was it surprise?  Amusement?  Puzzlement?  Or perhaps a mixture of all three?
Having made this resolution, John was about to turn away and put the kettle on when he realized that Sherlock’s eyes were open and his lips were moving.
.  Pro-choice activists claimed that his work disproved the idea that colour changes in wristbands were fated or divinely ordained.  Dobrieuzi himself made no such claims.  He was interested only in the science of the process.”
John Watson knows better than to lie to himself, and he would be lying if he said he hadn’t found Sherlock attractive from the first. But if Sherlock’s surprisingly gracious rejection of John’s initial advances hadn’t made things sufficiently clear, the withering scorn with which he greeted John’s subsequent string of megfriends would have settled the matter.
Ivan placed one hand on Sherlock’s back, willing him to be calm, and addressed Muircheartaigh.  “Perhaps I
His shoulder ached like fire as he limped down the dusty street with the heavy bucket of water.  Surely Manya Bocharova’s house had not been so far away from the well before?
But Mary listened to something the real Sherlock said on the phone and pulled something small out of her purse. A coin, John realized, as she flipped it into the air – and shot it.
Having eaten, Ivan now found himself growing sleepy.  Part of him argued that he should try to stay awake, that Sherlock was not to be trusted, at least not completely.  But if Sherlock was working for Muircheartaigh, why had he not been able to land within the walls of the castle?  Why take the trouble to wait until Ivan was sleeping before – what, signalling to Muircheartaigh’s guards to come and capture him?  And Ivan’s options were limited.  Tomorrow he would have to either trust Sherlock while they infiltrated the castle together, trust Sherlock to carry him back – or set off alone and on foot across unknown lands and seas in an attempt to reach his distant home.
He wasn’t expecting Sherlock to launch himself at John, but Afghanistan had taught John to react fast and adapt as needed. He hadn’t even properly caught his breath before he got both arms around Sherlock’s neck and dragged him down for a kiss. For good measure, John threw a leg across Sherlock’s thighs.
Where a stream crossed the road, Ivan turned Bezimyan aside and rode slowly along it until he came to a patch of meadow with surrounded by trees.  Here he dismounted and made camp.  Having allowed Bezimyan to drink enough but not too much from the stream, Ivan tied him off to a tree where he might graze on meadow grass.  Ivan always carried flint and steel on his person, and fallen branches gathered from the woods made for a merry fire.
?” screeched Muircheartaigh.  “I have no ‘type.’ There’s no one else as powerful – and only one person with the potential to be.”
“Finally you stopped trying.” Ivan took care to keep his tone gentle, unaccusing.  Faced with choices that ranged from horrific to worse, Sherlock had focused on destroying the mastermind behind the whole miserable situation.  Could Ivan be sure he himself would have chosen better?  “You hid from them and let them pass on eastwards.  You gave up on regaining your heart.”
am the not the one who would have culled the citizens of London like cattle to fuel my experiments.”
“I rather think it was the other way around, but we don’t have to time to quibble.  I set fire to the keep.”
This Sherlock was different from and yet congruent to the wild and magical creature Ivan had first met.  In him, Ivan could see what the boy and the young man Marfa Hudovna described had become, and what Ivan saw made his own heart grow warm within him.
Lots on the news that evening about the changes in the divorce laws. A selection of interviews: a politician, a lawyer, a marriage counsellor, a theologian.  Two divorcing couples, one a pair of resolute men, the other a grim-faced woman and a tearful man.  The interviews were enlivened with footage of protesting pro-bonders, who were at least colourful and loud.  “Those whom fate hath bonded, let no one put asunder!” declared one man’s sign.  Another behind him read, “Dobrieuzi is burning in hell!”  The name rang a dim and distant bell in John’s mind, carrying a vague association with university lecture halls and chemical formulae scribbled on a chalkboard.
“Yes,” confirmed Sherlock. “Eventually Mr McKinsey tired sufficiently that the grandnephew was able to induce him to leave.  They began to walk home, but they were still quite near the university when Mr McKinsey suffered a heart attack.  His grandnephew called 999, but the paramedics were too late.  He died in an alley, alone except for the boy at his side.”
She and Andreyev began to move off.  After a moment, Ivan followed them.  He stopped, however, when he caught sight of one of the blazes he’d left.  “I’m going this way,” he said, motioning to his left, “You can come with me or not.”
Lestrade nodded at Molly, who rolled the waiting gurney forward and gently drew back the sheet covering the face.
When John got up from his chair to get ready for bed, a problem arose.  Sherlock apparently expected him to stay up all night in case the killer called in the wee hours.
“You were receiving threats, you have a former spouse. The possible connection couldn’t be ruled out.”
“No. I simply haven’t had much use for it in recent years.  John, the first time we attempt penetration, I should be the recipient.  You at least have experience with women.”
“You’ve met him.  How many ‘friends’ do you imagine he has?  I am the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock Holmes is capable of having.”
Tyler’s gaze dropped to the floor. “Some guys at school were running poker games.  I tried it and I lost some money, so I was trying to win it back, and then, well, I ended up losing a lot more.  I was paying them back a bit at a time, but they were getting impatient and talking about beating me up.”
Muircheartaigh’s amusement vanished.  “Your so-called ‘ruse’ only worked because it was true,” he hissed.  “I would have seen through a lie, Sherlock.  You
As Sherlock had warned him, it was nothing like the internet.  Most of the available content consisted of dry-as-dust government reports.  John read through a few on the state of the healthcare system, although he took them with large chunk of salt.  More interesting were the medical articles published by British doctors, several of which John bookmarked for future reading.  And then there was...
“But when their dance ended and they’d cleared off the stage, the music sort of... held its breath.  And then it sort of charged forward and just as it did, this male dancer...”
Then the door of 221A opened, revealing Sherlock wearing a long, dark coat, a blue scarf and leather gloves.
“Please,” said the father, stepping forward.  “There’s been a mistake.  We have family waiting for us in...”
“I was suggesting that you get it for yourself,” retorted Sherlock, finally raising his head to glare at John.
When it became apparent that Mary’s latest absence was stretching beyond the usual, John hadn’t known whom to call. Sherlock, he thought, and then imagined himself sitting on the sofa like a client, yet one more client with a failing marriage and a vanished spouse.  In the end, he called Greg Lestrade, who listened with kind professionalism and promised to call him back as soon as anything was known.  It was only after John had hung up that it occurred to him that Sherlock would at least have conscripted him to help.
Sherlock’s lips quirked.  The expression was not a smile and did not reach his eyes.  “He is, perhaps, not all that impressive.”
Both Caustlins were crying freely now. When Miranda leaned over and put her arms around her son, he hugged her back, hard.
He broached the topic that night as they lay in bed, warm and sated, their lovemaking less frenzied but all the more tender outside of heat.
John was just pulling out his phone when he heard the front open. Damn, Mary was early! He glanced at the time display. Uh, no, she wasn’t. He’d lost track of time.
“The school’s got a rule against playing poker, so I’d’ve got in trouble too. I thought if I could just get the money...”
car.  You’ve got splash marks up the back of the left leg of that suit that doesn’t really fit you.  If the puddle had been on this estate, I could tell exactly where it was by the type of mud.  But I haven’t been
John snagged his own laptop before heading upstairs to his room. He needed to research their second date.
“For this phase of the study, yes. There were to have been others, later on, but...  that did not happen, of course.”
When they got back to the flat, they discovered Sherlock and Mrs Holmes immersed in a discussion of her latest project.
“That’s going to be her bedroom some day. She still prefers Sherlock’s pouch for sleeping, but that won’t last. Besides, Sherlock and I, well...”
For several days, Ivan Watovich rode east along the main road, following wherever it might lead him.  On the twenty-first day, however, he came to a fork in the road.  One branch led somewhat north of east, one branch led somewhat south, and each of them looked as wide and well-used as the other.
Apparently at a loss, Sherlock looked at John, who stepped forward.  “We apologize for having bothered you at this time, Mr Stevens.  The information you’ve given us will further our investigation.  Is there anyone we can call for you?”
After lunch he stopped at a library and made use of their directory collection in an attempt to locate Harry.  John knew that Harry’s husband’s last name was Taylor.  The problem was that he didn’t remember the old lech’s first name, didn’t know if Harry would have a listing in her own name, didn’t know if Harry had managed to free herself from the marriage and didn’t know if she would have resumed using the name Watson.  He didn’t even know if she was still in London.  There were a daunting number of listings for Harriet, Harry and H Taylor or Watson in the London street address and mobile phone directories alone, never mind the country as a whole.  When a would-be helpful librarian warned John that
“The dispatch records show that the response time was a couple minutes longer than normal,” said Lestrade noncommittally.
Sherlock threw the phone at John. “Lestrade wants you to confirm that I’m not selling my body for use as a surrogate in order to get money to buy cocaine,” he snapped.
It reminded John of giving bad news to families, something that experience had never made less painful and awkward for him. He suspected from the stolid look on Lestrade’s face that the inspector felt the same.  Sherlock merely looked intent and impatient.
“Well, good luck to him.  Now if he were on a quest to find a spouse, I might be able to help him, for I’m well-known as the best matchmaker for leagues around,” bragged Misha.
Ivan was suddenly furious, all the more so because he himself wasn’t sure of his reasons for returning, at least not to put into words.  He’d only known that he
“Yes, and you invaded the northern kingdom,” Sherlock agreed with a serious expression, fighting off another giggle and losing.
"Never you mind that right now, come here, tell me your name," the teapot demanded in a surprisingly forceful voice, and Sherlock was inclined to listen. He leaned down and took the proffered teacup gratefully, blowing on the hot beverage and nearly dropping it at hearing a child's voice giggle, "hey! That tickles!"
“Delicious,” John growled, stalking over to lick over Sherlock cum stained abdomen, hearing Sherlock’s sharp inhale at his actions, his abdomen quivering at the ticklish action. John merely peered up at Sherlock through his lashes while he licked his lips, and then spun around and turned to leave the bedroom.
John grabbed Sherlock by the hips, guiding him down slowly, so slowly, allowing gravity to help as Sherlock wiggled an writhed; bearing down on his cock and clenching as he did, causing John to gasp out.
Sherlock was wearing lingerie. Sherlock was wearing black, lacy lingerie with make-up and her hair was down, curling around her features and-
Sherlock quickly descended into giggles, however, when John began running light, wiggling fingertips up and down his sides.
“As I was saying, Commander, John would be a fantastic addition to the guards,” Lestrade offered, observing Thrymn’s blank expression with a sense of cautious hope, “she was at the Battle of Lochmage as a Captain, and although she injured her shoulder, it does not imped her ability to fight.”
Sherlock shot up like a flash, darting past John to grab his coat and practically throwing himself down the stairs, ignoring John’s confused call, “Sherlock, wait!”
“You love me, yes?” Rosie asked in a blasé way only children can manage, and John looked up, tears still tracing down his cheeks, as he looked into the brown eyes of his ward- no, daughter.
“No, Mycroft, I haven’t seen the littlest angel. Why? Has he done missing?” Moriarty gasped in faux-concern, causing his minions to chuckle lowly as they watched the interaction.
"-lock, Sherlock? Can you hear me, sweetheart?" John asked, crossing the bedroom swiftly to push Sherlock curls back and lift his chin to meet his eyes. Sherlock blinked in confusion for a few moments before he realized he was back in the present.
And John knew that the Work was the most important aspect of life to Sherlock, the pursuit of the game and the thrill of success once the murderer was caught and apprehended. John knew that any form of sentimentality was viewed by Sherlock as a ‘chemical defect found on the losing side.’ John knew all of that, and accepted it.
John was busy reading in the library, a medical text that held his interest. He had at one point considered becoming a healer if he had not gone into the army, when he still had a penchant for helping others before he became too self-involved. John shook those thoughts away with a grimace, thinking about his past was not a past-time he wished to partake in.
I apologize for the long wait, my semester has been busy and I recently interviewed for and received a job! Yay!
“John, you are the best, bravest, and wisest man I’ve ever had the pleasure to know,” Sherlock whispered through the dark bedchamber, and John felt tears begin to slip from his eyes as he stared out the window, not responding, and feeling as though his heart would never beat again.
Sherlock may now value his life, but his impulsive decision today only proved how much the young man needed to learn about safety and internal control.
“Take him to the carriage and then to his village. NOW.” The beast boomed, the light dancing over his snarling face, and Sherlock was spurred into action from his shock.
“Good morning, love,” John snuffled behind him, his voice gravel with disuse, stroking one hand up and down Sherlock’s naked side, causing the flesh to break out in goose bumps at the slightly ticklish sensation.
” Sherlock was moaning his denials as the cruel man beneath him smirked and rolled his hips in a fashion that sent sparks up Sherlock’s spine, but refusing to allow him to move an inch, holding Sherlock’s hips in a vice grip and not allowing him pleasure himself on John’s cock.
Sherlock felt heat stinging at his cheeks, and his palms began to perspire in nervous excitement as he followed Captain Watson into the fray.
“It depends on whether or not you behave,” John called and sat back, content to watch his detective pout naked in the corner for a while longer before cleaning him off and taking him to bed.
Sherlock just looked for a moment, watching the cock flush with blood and harden with want, and felt a thrill that he was still able to cause this reaction from John. John
“Shut up” Sherlock demanded, her command easily dismissed from the blush on her cheeks and the light moans making their way out of her plush mouth.
Holding onto the base of John’s cloak and hanging in midair, Moriarty turned his deadened eyes to meet Sherlock's one more time, and with a wink, he let go and fell to the bottom of the ravine, never to be seen or heard from again.
“I-I,” Sherlock hiccupped, matching the exaggerated breaths John was taking to encourage calm himself down and reorder his thoughts into a semblance of logical order.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue but shut it with a snap, shaking his head as he realized the futility of arguing about John locum work
“Fine,” the beast grumbled, and he sank into the tub, secretly enjoying the warmth against his matted fur but refusing to give Lestrade the dignity of being right.
Admittedly it was a lovely dream: He and John were kissing, fighting back and forth, taking and giving, quick and hurried. Then John's hand trailed down and grasped his phallus, stroking it with precision and causing Sherlock to lose all sense.
"I wish we could have kept it," Sherlock said after a moment, "as a memory of what brought us together."
John went in for the finale, clenching his fists to keep from touching himself at the arousing sight of Sherlock about to come into the air with no tactile stimulation and walking to the front of Sherlock’s chair.
“Honestly, Molly, who cares if I’m indecent?” Sherlock would say, rolling her eyes at Molly’s blushing second-hand embarrassment at Sherlock’s half nakedness in front of the palace guards who averted their eyes from their young, impulsive princess.
“I just-I don’t know how-why is he so frustrating?” John complained to Mrs. Hudson, who chuckled and hopped onto the table so she could see John face to face.
Sherlock dismounted Philip in one graceful swoop and ran forward to meet his father along the dirt path, hugging him desperately and crying out, “papa!”
John did the same with Sherlock’s other nipple after a moment, his eyes crinkling delightedly at Sherlock’s sigh of contentment, leaning deeper into his armchair and sprawling there, nude and covered in his own release.
John knew that Sherlock needed to grow in his view of himself, and his self worth, and wondered how to make such a feeling come about. Perhaps he should get him a book about esteem? No, he would dismiss it for his science texts. Art was an option, John shivered as he remembered Sherlock’s display in the gallery room oh so long ago now, remembering his uncontrollable need to
John glanced up at the clock and saw there was only an hour left until work was over, and his date with Michael, and with a smile, he got back to work, the day not seeming too horrible after all.
“Figures” Sherlock sighed, earning him a quick grin from Siger who was watching two of his beloved children walk away without so much as an embrace.
But once the danger had passed, and he realized he would never be in the army again, the Prince became ever colder,
“I-I just, you went on a date with a man, and I thought you weren’t gay, you’ve said it enough,” Sherlock accused, nuzzling closer to John at the admission of why he was so dismayed, and John hummed quietly, looking down and feeling butterflies in his stomach at Sherlock's tactile actions.
“You’re beautiful, Sherlock,” John whispered, peppering kisses over those sweet cheeks while grasping Sherlock’s erection in hand, watching as the young man’s face contorted with pleasure.
John coughed in mortification while Sherlock and Lestrade laughed, Mrs. Hudson only clucking in response. It wasn’t John’s fault that Sherlock was so erotic without even trying, his evocative eating that night had caused John’s erection to grow beneath the table, and his arousal level grew as he imagined their bodies rocking against one another….
“Yes, John,” Sherlock agreed, amusement lighting his eyes as the two men slowed their movements, the dance coming to an end, the final note floating through the air, settling around their connected bodies.
Sherlock’s mind was thrown into disarray? John bought these flowers, for whom? A man? It seems statistically unlikely that a woman would give flowers to a man, although John wasn’t one for stereotypes-
Sherlock watched in fascination, and before John could even mutter a single phrase, Sherlock had dropped to his knees.
Between one beat and another, they were paraded in front of the king, who hardly even looked at John. He kept his beady eyes trained on Lestrade as he discussed the parameters of the mission they were to set forth on in the following week, and John barely stopped herself from crossing her arms in displeasure.
There were rumors of pale skin, and a deep voice for a woman, but otherwise no one really knew anything about the princess. It would only be a matter of time before she was wed.
Now was the moment. Sherlock strode to the door and opened it before she could change her mind, entering into her bedroom and trying not to shake too noticeably.
The thick, easily eight inch dildo glistening with oil where it sat on the chair, ready and waiting for Sherlock’s arse to swallow it down to the root, forcing him down on the fake cock that would stimulate him endlessly throughout dinner, without relief.
The night was perfect, spring was on its way by now and although the wind was a bit sharp, it felt good on Sherlock’s overheated body from the John’s proximity and attentions.
“No,” Siger whispered, still gazing into the fire as if in a trance, “I will never let Sherlock marry the likes of you.”
“Okay love, go put those on and then let me see you,” Mrs. Hudson instructed with a soft smile, as if she could sense Sherlock’s anxiousness and excitement. Sherlock nodded absentmindedly and went to put on the clothing, having some issues with the tight riding trousers but overall he had no problems. Stepping out to face Mrs. Hudson while putting on his belt, she cooed, “don’t you look handsome, young man? Come look at yourself.”
“I love you” Sherlock breathed out, the pain fading lightly as he felt the pulsations from John’s cock melding into his own bodily responses, shivers racking up and down his spine from the impressive length splitting him open.
“Of course not, I would never undermine you where you work,” John reassured, “but know that the next time, you will not get release. I will simply spank your
“J-John, the windows are open,” Sherlock gasped, scandalized, as his naked body was exposed to the living room, but John grinned in response and began stroking up and down Sherlock’s flank.
and then make you stand in the corner with your glowing backside on display while I watch some telly.”
Once there, he asked Angelo to bring a candle to the table, since it always was more romantic, and called Sherlock beautiful between mouthfuls of mushroom lasagna. Sherlock chocked from shock, and John patted his back until his breathing was back to normal.
“Now lean over the table, I need to get you ready,” John whispered lowly, and Sherlock obeyed, stretching out across the unoccupied side of the table, closing his eyes and breathing deeply.
Sherlock greedily lapped it up, swallowing it down as quickly as he could. John grasped onto Sherlock’s head like a lifeline, his head tilting back in a satisfied groan of release, his abdomen twitching with waves of release being sucked by Sherlock’s plump mouth.
“Yes,” She murmured, taking his small, clutching hand into her own. She continued to feel uneasy in his presence, but he seemed harmless. Besides, his pocketsquare was bright yellow, his hair was highly styled, and all signs pointed towards women not being "his type."
“John” Sherlock called his name with his velvety baritone voice, “why did you want to go to dinner here?” John met Sherlock’s eyes. That was the question of the hour, wasn’t it? Why did John want to jeopardize the best friendship he had ever obtained for the sake of a confession?
“Now, can I get back to making you feel wonderful?” John asked with a tentative smile, not wanting to push Sherlock but being anxious to continue touching the gorgeous detective. But she smiled and nodded back eagerly in consent, and John kissed her; deeply, passionately, with the meeting of tongues and heat dancing back and forth between the two.
When his wife had shot Sherlock, John had completely given up on his marriage. It was a breath of relief for John, remembering back to his wedding day and the regret he felt listening to Sherlock pour his heart out in front of one hundred and fifty strangers and a few dear friends. The heart he claimed not to have, and that John had never gone searching for; as if Sherlock hadn't spent their entire friendship rejecting such frivolities.
“I’m alright, darling, thank you for asking,” John smiled at his daughter, but met Sherlock’s eyes in the next moment, their gazes heated in excitement.
Sherlock watched Moran’s pleased, twisted face, and realized his brother was not simply lost. No, Moriarty’s gang of thief’s and criminals took his brother, perhaps as an extra incentive to walk down the aisle.
Finally, when John’s cock was full to bursting from Sherlock’s ceaseless squirming and moans, he sat back, sitting with his back against the headboard and pulling Sherlock’s lower half over him lap, tapping at his slightly pink bum teasingly and ignoring Sherlock’s cry of indignation, parting those plump cheeks to gaze at the sweet, glistening hole hiding just within. He reached over to the bedside table and pulled out some slick he had left there earlier in anticipation.
Sherlock cried when he was able to finally, finally take John’s enormous girth into his body, his pink entrance clenching around the girth and causing pulsations of pleasure to race up Sherlock’s spine and into his own cock, which was flushed and leaking.
John held his hips, guiding him down until his arse was plush with John’s hips, and Sherlock gave an untested roll to catalogue the sensations. They both moaned, from the extended foreplay and the repressed months of sexual desire, on both of their parts, they recognized this would not last long.
“Well maybe you should have thought of that when you went into my private chambers!” John growled, his voiced mounting in anger.
“Begin now, Sherlock,” John commanded in his Captain Watson voice, and Sherlock shuddered deeply, hastening to obey as he opened the aged book, turning swiftly to the first page as he felt John settling between his parted legs and gently tugging down his lacy panties. Sherlock bit his lip in anticipation, unable to see anything but the words on the page, and he began to read aloud:
“What is it love?” He responded innocently, leaning down to lave over his collarbones, holding Sherlock close as he tried to twist away from the roaming finger against his most secret place which was pushing gently past his muscle now, the thin riding pants doing nothing to deter John’s lust for Sherlock.
Sherlock had not seen the beast since that night. He had been grateful for the beast’s intervention, his heroism. As much as Sherlock liked to claim he was clever, he recognized that he would not have survived that encounter despite his intellectual abilities.
"Come now Sherlock" he sighed as if Sherlock was letting him down by not confiding in him,"you and I both know that's not quite true."
Sherlock’s knees hit the floor before the command was completely uttered, and he stared at John with eyes widened in shock. How did he…..?
Later, in the library, Sherlock was browsing for books, amazed at the light illuminating the space from the sun shining outside: no more clouds to cover their days. As he searched for a book on organic chemistry, he felt a pair of warm, muscled arms wrap around his waist, pulling him back into a hard chest, a pair of lips kissing the nape of his neck, tickling his downy curls lightly.
John said it with such conviction, such passion, that Sherlock felt a warmth growing inside of her that had nothing to do with arousal. John, Oh,
Sherlock always thought it was ridiculous when John spouted poetry to his girlfriends, but now, Sherlock wanted John to call him “sweetheart” and “love” endlessly.
For he was beautiful, in every way. As he grew, his attractive, if unique, features set him apart from other noble born children, and Sherlock was often teased in his lessons by his peers and his siblings, as they too were jealous of Sherlock’s beauty.
“And I never will,” Sherlock whispered to herself, tears building in her eyes as she sat down at her dressing table to wipe away her makeup and the few tears that had begun to fall. John was frustrating but her words echoed in Sherlock's head, causing confusion and overwhelming thoughts. Sherlock clutched her curls and willed her head to be quiet.
The stove, and enchanted object like so many of the castle’s past residents, carried the boiling water down the hallway to the balcony overlooking the foyer, while Mrs. Hudson gave battle instructions to the other objects in the castle.
“Come on Sherlock, follow me,” John called after Sherlock had worn down from his pleasure induced detective, and his breathing had slowed to a more even pace.
“Well, I’m off,” Sherlock pronounced after a moment of silence, jumping from his armchair and rushing over to his coat, pulling it on while Mrs. Hudson and John stared at him in surprise.
“Come on Sherlock, the water’s getting cold, we need to get out,” John said, stepping out of the bath and picking up a two large towels, and carrying them into his room, motioning for sherlock to follow.
Their chests were meeting as they breathed together, nipples brushing and their already glistening bodies rubbing against one another; the intensity of the moment weighting on both their hearts as they were connected in the most intimate of acts.
“Johnny, hey John! Did you hear the news!” John quickly turned to see Greg Lestrade, lieutenant of the King’s Guard, riding towards her with a wide grin on his handsomely lined face.
“I ordered this for you, I figured it would be a nice incentive to eat if you could have some fun with it,” John shrugged, lifting another forkful of food to Sherlock’s lips while changing the settings on the dildo, causing the vibrations to pulse in a rhythmic motion that mirrored Sherlock’s rapid heartbeat.
Sherlock then looked over at John with a slight glare: "is it normal to harass your lover after they have given you an orgasm? I may not know from personal experience, but I don't think it is appropriate bedroom etiquette John" he informed the doctor with a sniff, and John snickered at Sherlock's put-upon expression, leaning down to place kisses on his elegant neck and collarbones.
John repeated this process a handful of times, before Sherlock’s pink walls began to clench and squeeze around him, and the man beneath him began to shake his moans muffled by the mattress where he was hiding his face.
“And I expect you to treat her with nothing but grace, or you’ll be quite unhappy indeed. I’ll be back in one hour to help you get bathe and get ready. Until then, become acquainted with Captain Watson or else. ”
Shaking his melancholy away, Sherlock gathered up the torn remnants of John’s cloak, holding them against the wound and putting pressure, his heart aching at John’s small grunt of pain.
“Yes, I hear you, what do you want?” Sherlock snapped in a low voice, wondering how much longer she could hide away from the veritable flock of men who were sent to woo her with her distracting guard.
Sherlock considered John, looking him up and down, a growing look of confusion gracing his pale features, his brow furrowing and his plump mouth turning down in a frown.
The two men came with a cry moments later, moaning out each other’s names in the delicious pleasure that was overtaking their emotional, overwrought bodies, their releases causing the two men to collapse together shortly afterwards.
But, as in every story, not all days were joyous ones. One day his mother became ill, having caught an insidious virus that was moving through the land, and Sherlock was struck with an all-consuming fear.
Sherlock nodded gently, and John’s eyes softened at the vulnerable affection shining in Sherlock’s eyes.
But…. Sherlock knew John. Knew that he was kind, and always accepting of Sherlock’s quirks and faults. So, releasing a breath he didn’t realize he was holding, Sherlock stepped towards the lingerie, picking it up and observing it closely.
“Hmm,” John hummed, bringing his arms around Sherlock’s torso and pressing him back, every inch of their skin touching.
, John thought sadly with just a hint of annoyance. Molly was the kindest of the household staff and, as such, was in charge of his whereabouts or lack thereof. And now, she was here to give him news he didn’t want, and she was obviously quaking with fear.
After all, what was done is done. John is her bodyguard and that was that. And now, thanks the Sherlock’s outburst, they wouldn't be friends. Being alone was what she could count on- that way, she would never be disappointed.
Now, Sherlock was practically hyperventilating in the bathroom, wanting nothing more than to go to John but at the same time, feeling insecure. John had never seen her body so unclothed, so done-up.
Looking down, John saw a sight he never thought he would enjoy again- his body. While his shoulder still twinged a bit when he flexed, he knew his body was in pristine shape, as it had not aged in almost eight years. He gently pulled off his torn shirt and ran a hand down and up his abdomen, reveling in the muscles there from his army days.
"Sherlock, she wont eat her dinner if you keep giving her treats," John called out across the dining room, watching his husband serendipitously fed their daughter cookies and rolled his eyes in fond exasperation.
“Y-you, John,” Sherlock responded, crying out as John angled the vibrator to graze against Sherlock’s prostate with each agonizing thrust.
The last moment John remembered was looking into Sherlock's eyes, his figure blurring slightly, before everything was dark.
Sherlock's pout grew stormy as he stomped over to the corner by the bookcases, crossing his arms over his chest and huffing loudly to alert John to his sulk.
“Close your eyes” he whispered, watching Sherlock shiver from his proximity and hoping it was no longer from fear.
Suddenly, a mad thought struck Sherlock, and he ran to the fireplace, ignoring his father’s confused exclamation of his name, and raced straight out the door with the looking glass. The three men followed, and Sherlock addressed the crowd.
“I, that is, I am looking for my father,” Sherlock said after a moment to orient his thoughts, and the candlestick holder flared his flames in recognition, “yes! The old man was taken prisoner just this-“
Leaning down to kiss his curly head, John watched Sherlock snuffle lightly, already asleep once again.
But now his hands were drenched with blood that was not his own, and his mind was in complete chaos, thinking of different scenarios he should have done to save John.
John thought with a jolt of awareness, his eyes flying open to look into the pair of stormy blue and green eyes staring right back at him, unflinchingly.
After a moment, Sherlock reached down to grab the discarded washcloth on the floor, wiping himself off carelessly before tossing the rag somewhere on the floor of the bedroom, ignoring John’s chuckle at his predictable laziness.
Sherlock shakily retreated to the door, walking slowly and still unable to escape his arousing torment.
He turned to storm back into his chambers, to shut out the light of the oppressing moon shining down, when he heard a distant shout coming from just beyond the castle gates.
His plush arsecheeks were resting against John morning stubble, and it scratched tantalizingly against Sherlock sensitive, alabaster skin.
John clenched his paws into fists, turning away to face the window so he wouldn’t have to watch Sherlock any longer, as it was too agonizing, “you must.”
“Now then,” Siger said, lighting his old pipe and taking a long inhale of the tobacco, “you’ve told me the beast let you go, but I wish to know why.”
First Poem: “We Two Boys Together Clinging” by Walt Whitman, thought to have been written about him and the much younger Oscar Wilde, who were rumored to have had an affair in the early 20th century.
“How can you say that, John?” Sherlock asked after a moment of hesitation, looking down at the table and playing idly with a fork, a vulnerable expression on his face in the form of downturned brows and sheltered eyes, the candlelight dancing on his face.
Commander Thrym began to approach her and she turned, sheathing her sword, straitening her back, and clearing her expression. This was it.
And then the sensation faded, and she was left with only her limp strands curling around her calloused fingertips.
There were days he didn’t understand why John was so infatuated with him and his body, looking at the too skinny flesh in front of him; the slight concave of his stomach and his ribs poking through the light covering of muscle on his chest and abdomen. He ran his hands up and down his torso with a creased brow, but after a moment, he turned away.
-“ John gasped, running his fingers through Sherlock’s wet curls, scratching lightly at his head while Sherlock gave him the most inexperienced, sweet and pleasurable head he had ever received.
The cab ride home to 221B passed in a blur, with John gripping Sherlock’s leg tightly in a possessive manner while Sherlock’s mind swarmed with arousal and the adjoining chemicals- release of oxytocin into the bloodstream, a pounding of his heart caused by the rise in adrenaline.
“Squirm all you want, love, but your arse-“ he punctuated with a squeeze to the plump, delicious backside- “is mine now.”
Pairs of glowing brown eyes were staring at him from beyond the bushes and underbrush, and Sherlock gulped, sucking in a deep breath as the wolves drew closer to him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and flung his body from his place on the floor in order to lounge- or mope, rather- on the couch, his catlike eyes narrowed at John's relaxed form sitting in his armchair, filling out paperwork from the surgery, oblivious and uncaring in the face of Sherlock's turmoil.
, what-” Sherlock cried, scandalized and unbelievably turned on, his cock twitching against his stomach as John lightly kissed on and around his pink entrance.
Coming to a halt outside of a room at the very end of the hall, he pushed open the door slowly and glanced around, seeing destroyed portraits, a king sized-bed, and a glowing rose that appeared to be dying. Approaching the rose, Moriarty saw a movement out of the corner of his eye.
Finally, after an eternity, Mrs. Hudson said it was time to retire for the evening. Sherlock stood up and walked over to John, who was giving Rosie a kiss on the forehead and saying goodnight.
Noticing his friend’s refusal to acknowledge her nightmares, and her refusal to meet his eyes, Lestrade simply shrugged and went over to his cot without argument, whistling softly under his breath to dispel the tension that had risen between the two companions.
“So a babysitter,” Sherlock scoffed, sinking deeper into the bath with a huff and glaring at the painted ceiling.
John thought for a moment, "what, Sherlock, since you're married to your work, do you think of us as....?"
John began to spank Sherlock’s lofted arse with a brunt force that caused Sherlock to cry out immediately from the stinging echoing from his backside. A rapid blush rising to his face as he tried to hide in the couch cushions to muffle his cries. The spanks raining down on all sides of his arse, leaving no part untouched.
He wished John wouldn’t say such things, now all he could do was picture John sitting with Greg in the sitting room, drinking and chatting, while Sherlock whined and begged for John’s cock from the bedroom like a lust driven animal.
“Yes John,” Sherlock whimpered, still tugging at the soft ropes tying him to the bedframe to no avail. John lined his aroused member with Sherlock’s entrance and began to push, in, in, in.
"Have a bad day, love?" A tenor voice sounded from nearby, and Sherlock whipped around to find James Moriarty standing just outside the bakery he had recently vacated, eating an apple and smirking at Sherlock as if he was harboring a secret.
John shut off the connection quickly after that, feeling as if he had already pried enough, and he didn’t want to prove himself anymore beastly by taking advantage of the oblivious Sherlock, but he couldn't help trailing his paw down his expansive abdomen and grabbing his large cock, already hardened from the sight, and stroking it to the imagine of the confused innocence Sherlock displayed in the art gallery. So sweet.
John walked as calmly as she could from the princess’ bath, internally panicking the entire time as she practically ran through the lavish suite to get back to her post.
While the two men caught their breath, Sherlock's virescent eyes observed movement in his peripheral vision and whipped around, his eyes locking with the murder who was only a few meters away and crouching low partially behind a trash bin, his eyes wild.
“You know what I want, love, let me hear it,” he said with a sly smile and a languorous roll of his hips.
There were frogs legs displayed next to pearl necklaces at the armoire, a microscope placed lovingly at the center of an oak desk, and an ornate fireplace with a skull on the mantle. While the room was filled with golden chandeliers and bright windows, the darkness of the décor seemed a perfect blend for the occupant of the suite.
John grunted as Sherlock moved his own torn cloak away from his side to analyze his wound. Sherlock realized the cut was deep at would have hit some of his internal organs due to the size and depth of the entrance wound.
“Papa, your hands are cold as ice already! We need to get you out of here,” Sherlock said desperately, looking around for something to break the lock on the dungeon door and ignoring his father’s coughing protests.
Sherlock stood awkwardly, unsure of what to do, until John opened his eyes slightly, and nodded him over.
Leaning down, John gave each cheek a wet kiss and then lifted up the nude detective, carrying him back to the bedroom and settling him down; marveling at the fact that sex seemed to allow to usually high energy detective to relax and sleep, if only for a little while. John felt himself growing a bit sleepy himself, and crawled into bed to hold Sherlock against his chest. Sherlock nuzzled into his warm body, already half asleep, and placed a wet kiss on his cheek before falling asleep once again.
John nearly grew hard again at the sight of his pure as the newly fallen snow, darling Sherlock having a wet dream. Perhaps his first ever, going by his crinkled forehead as if confused, even in his asleep state, of the pleasure he was currently basking in.
Sherlock had oddly missed the beast since the night be proved he could be kind. There was a heart buried deep, somewhere, and Sherlock was determined to find it. True, he missed his papa with a present ache in his chest, but Sherlock also saw a loneliness lurking in the beast's eyes that he had often seen staring at him in the mirror. Sherlock knew he was lonely, and he knew he should have been more focused on created friendships with his peers, but Sherlock had always been a little too different.
His mother and father looked at one another in disbelief before turning back to their dark-haired son: “No, darling” his mother responded with a little laugh, “for you must always have courage enough to be kind. Sometimes our greatest strength is our ability to feel empathy.”
In the stillness of the castle, an edge of grief settled over the few inhabitants standing on the balcony, looking over the man who had once been so brave and so kind, a man who had reclaimed those traits after many years of suffering.
The beast is the prince. Prince John. Sherlock is going to dinner with a prince turned beast. It was like a fairytale, the ones he read about as a child- and secretly keeps under his bed at home for when he needs imagine a world with a prince charming. And true, the beast was not
The beast, struck silent from such a request, nodded, and Sherlock turned sat on the worn leather armchair near the warm hearth, pointing to the soft armchair directly across from him.
With one quick movement, Sherlock practically ran over to where John was standing, slammed the door shut behind him and forcefully pushed John up against the door, their lips mere inches apart. John pulled Sherlock against himself the last few centimeters and their lips met, eager and demanding.
Taking his phone out of his pocket, Sherlock was about to save the man's number in his phone when he noticed a text from H. His meeting with Victor had made him forget about everything else, including his phone and H.
Putting his phone back into his pocket, Greg took a swig of his coffee, which had already gone cold, and couldn't stop the smug smile from forming on his lips. Perhaps he wasn't as stupid as Sherlock thought he was after all.
(06:15) Go ahead. Won't be too easy though. They choose to ignore me because of something as trivial as my age. SH
Moving his lips to the curve of Sherlock’s pale neck, he wasted no time in sinking his teeth into the hard flash, eliciting a loud groan from Sherlock. Encouraged, he pushed his elevated arms harder against the door, his lips sucking roughly onto his skin, most certainly leaving marks. He didn’t care; John wanted everyone to know that the great Sherlock Holmes was his, and only his.
(09:40) Maybe. They’re looking into it now that they’ve realized that these deaths are very clearly linked. SH
John's father wasn't at home, it was a Friday afternoon after all, and safely assumed that he would be gone for another few hours. No doubt would he return home, drunk as hell, and show John what was what. John was fidgeting, and he found himself pacing his room, but nothing was helping to relieve his anxiety.
Those words coming out of those lips was completely obscene, and John moaned loudly, his hands coming up to tug at Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock kissed him again, eagerly, their tongues swirling around each other, Sherlock’s tongue exploring his mouth, gently feeling his teeth and inner cheeks. A few long fingers wrapped around John’s shaft.
tall, with high and prominent cheekbones, and full, rich lips. His unruly hair rests like a mop on top of his head and dark curls line his face, making his staggeringly pale eyes stand out. There is something mysterious about the way he looks, and something that is just so utterly
Sherlock’s voice was low and baritone, and John forced himself to meet his eyes. They were filled with something John couldn’t quite identify. Worry, perhaps? There was really no way of telling.
(11:15) Well, then I must be only a product of your paranoid imagination, considering such fictional characters do not exist. SH
Sherlock let out a quiet sound of surprise, H's words making something flutter in his stomach. "Oh."
(00:13) Yes, I'll let you. In fact, you can do whatever you like. I'm sure dating some girl you happened to meet at a bar is much more important than the case. Sorry for bothering you. SH
(03:59) I don't know, Sherlock. I never thought I would actually be interacting with you, just observe from a distance. H
He was so used to being in control of his emotions that he barely recognised himself, having always thought himself cold and calculating, the loner who would have his science books and Petri dishes but never experience his first kiss. But now here he was, craving contact with another human being, the mere thought of soft lips pressed firmly against his making his heart beat in anticipation.
Sherlock had been extraordinarily exhausted after a case that had had him chasing shadows all over London. It had been pouring down incredible volumes of rain and it hadn’t taken long for him to be soaked down to his very skin. The adrenaline in his circulatory system kept him afoot; it numbed down the exhaustion and the cold.
Vague rustling in the background indicates someone is moving around, and Sherlock can only hear John protest before the call is disconnected.
(04:32) John, they've found a link between the victims. They've all been to Germany in the last month, and they all visited the same casino there. Hardly a coincidence. Now, what did they all do there? I doubt they went there to gamble. They didn't even know how to play poker! There's something else. An organisation. And the casino was their secret meeting-place. But why did they have to die? SH
Desperately scrambling onto his feet, he regarded Sherlock with bewilderment, the detective’s hair unruly and the bathrobe he was wearing open, leaving very little to the imagination.
(04:45) Well, the police believe it’s a suicide, but obviously it’s not. I just can’t prove it. Yet. SH
“Wait!” Sherlock shouts, but he can already hear her footsteps fading in the distance, and he’s too tired to get up, too tired to force his legs to move, the drug still in his system, and suddenly he feels afraid, completely and utterly terrified.
God, he hoped Sherlock was alright. It was rather humorous, he thought to himself, that Sherlock’s wellbeing was the first thing on his mind no matter what situation he found himself in.
"Sorry, Sher," John murmured, regret instantly hitting him as he heard Sherlock's defensive response. "Just want you to be happy."
All he wants before he leaves is to at least get to see Sherlock, the mysterious and gorgeous boy who he has so completely lost himself to. Every effort he makes goes unnoticed. It makes John sad.
He wanted Sherlock. God, he wanted him so badly he wasn’t really sure what to do with himself whenever they were alone. It was as if there was something physically pulling him towards Sherlock that he just wasn’t strong enough to resist. John was surprised Sherlock hadn’t noticed his longing looks yet and kicked him out.
Sherlock had known that Lestrade would eventually give in and give him the victim's phone number, but he had to admit that he was still surprised when his phone buzzed with a new text message only five minutes after his call. The man had reached a new level of desperation, Sherlock thought, pleased with himself for once again getting his way, as he opened a new text message and started typing.
Suddenly, a thought hit him, and he felt his throat constrict in panic and something uncomfortable lurch in his stomach. What if H was making fun of him? Perhaps this was some kind of sick joke, one of his bullies taking a piss out of him. If he wasn't careful, soon the whole school would know what a pathetic loner he was. He could hear his brother's voice in his head, saying how he should know better, mocking him for being so foolish. Taking a shaky breath, Sherlock reminded himself that alone was what he had. Alone protected him.
“What?” John asked, breathless and slightly annoyed. Then he realized. “There was never a case, was there?”
"Oh, I go there," he said and tried to sound nonchalant, but mostly ended up sounding flustered. Sherlock dared cast a sideway glance at Victor, and was met with an intense stare. Victor's eyes were beautifully brown, his skin flawless and tanned. Subconsciously, Sherlock lowered his gaze to Victor's lips, casually observing that they were parted and moist.
"We both know that what you do is very much my business," Mycroft said calmly and continued casually. "Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock."
John Watson was a humble man; he was a decent shot, he considered himself considerate, average looking, and he was patient. In fact, he was incredibly patient, considering the fact that he was living with the world’s only consulting detective, Sherlock Sodding Holmes.
Clutching the phone to his ear, Sherlock continues before Mycroft has time to speak. ‘I--John, they have John. We need to save him. Mycroft, I—please’, Sherlock stammers, the panic in his voice obvious to him, but he doesn't care, the only thing occupying his mind being John's safety.
Swallowing harshly, his throat feeling unbearably dry, Sherlock drops his hand back to his side and takes one last glance at the boy, and then quietly closes the door, leaving the room.
"Answer me, god damn it!" his father demanded and slapped him across the face with his open hand. His cheek stung as his head hit the wall behind him with a dull thud.
John's stomach clenched uncomfortably. Sherlock was being unusually short in his replies. John assumed he had done something wrong, but wasn't in the mood to inquire further.
John sighs deeply. He doesn't really know what to do with all the feelings that are currently bottled up inside him, and so he drinks. He calls for a taxi and waits in the warm summer evening, a cigarette firmly placed between his fingers.
Mortified, Sherlock tried to ignore his racing heart and the heat creeping into his cheeks, trying to convince himself that his body's reaction was just a normal response to a sudden, unexpected sound of a text message, and had nothing to do with the fact that someone who might actually like him had contacted him. It was unlike him to react that way to a simple text message, and just thinking about what his older brother would say if he saw Sherlock now made his cheeks redden even more.
Sherlock wants to scream. The itching is growing stronger, spreading to his entire body. He knows what he needs. He’s going to solve the case and show his idiotic brother that he’s wrong.
His cock was hard and pink and his glans was slick with precome. It came to rest above the dark pubic hair of his crotch, creating a moist spot on his stomach. John cleared his through nervously. He didn’t feel very intoxicated anymore.
Sherlock had tried to follow the black car, but despite his efforts, he hadn't been able to outrun the car and it had disappeared into the horizon with an unconscious John lying in the backseat, leaving behind a trail of dust.
But Sherlock is determined. He needs to solve the case, needs to find out why those people were killed, and finally put an end to this game. Moriarty’s game. Just thinking his name sends a shiver down Sherlock’s spine, and makes his heart lurch uncomfortably in his chest. The man is a psychopath. Sherlock has never encountered anyone as dangerous as him, and how thrilled would he be to play the game, to study Moriarty, and the brilliant, albeit horrifyingly evil, mind of his if it weren’t for the fact that it isn’t only Sherlock’s life on the line anymore. Hell, he wouldn’t care if it cost him his life. No. The world would probably be better off without him and his rude and obnoxious self. Mycroft would be overjoyed if his annoying baby brother weren’t there to burden him anymore, of that Sherlock is sure, and his parents would be relieved if they wouldn’t have to worry about their failure of a son anymore.
Sherlock took in the sights of his old home, the ash marks around the fireplace and the comforting smell of the kitchen with baking bread. He strode over to the cupboard and plucked up a beaker from his old science experiments, filled it with water from the bucket and placed his pink rose from the beast inside, watching as the rose, worn from the ride and Sherlock’s grip upon it, settled against the side of the glass with a soft click.
“J-John!” Sherlock gasped, his grey eyes flying open in surprise while John chuckled around the detective’s cock, taking him further into his mouth, sucking it lightly for a moment longer before pulling off with a lewd pop, a string of precum connecting the head to John’s flushed lips.
“I might even take a picture, show it off,” John continued, his voice taking on a military edge as Sherlock quivered in his arms, his alabaster skin pinked with arousal and embarrassment colliding in droves, “I’ll frame the picture of your plump, pink cheeks with the ginger root sticking out and put it on our mantle. Then
The two men spent the day eating fruit kebabs from an old lesbian couple, dancing along with the Drag Queen’s singing Karaoke, and laughing uproariously anytime either of them were hit on by an old gay man, which was pretty often.
Standing there in his pants, he grinned when he saw Sherlock staring at his bulge with wide eyes, “not tonight love. Here, let me get you your pajamas.”
Sherlock felt arousal pooling in his belly as John reached down, unbuttoning his trousers quickly and, with a small smirk to Sherlock, let them drop to the floor, kicking off his shoes and trousers.
“No sweetheart,” John whispered, bringing their linked hands up for him to kiss Sherlock’s own, “tell me what I want to hear like a
“Wonderful work, John,” Sherlock praised once they were outside, but John backed him up against a pillar, not giving him a moment to enjoy the thrill of a job well done. Sherlock's back hit the marble with a soft thump, and he looked confusedly down to meet John's gaze.
John smiled, and gently leaned down to kiss Sherlock’s forehead, letting her lips rest there from a moment, and Sherlock closed her eyes against the stinging sensation behind her eyes, “because I love you, and because you’re the most gorgeous person I’ve ever known.”
.” Sherlock trailed off, his face rosy from more than the heated bath as he remembered what he had called John during his orgasm.
"Please Sherlock, your brother and sister have already told me what they wish for. You can have anything, a new suit perhaps? You're growing like a weed these days!" He exclaimed, watching as an embarrassed flush rose over Sherlocks cheeks with a grin. Sherlock never liked being reminded of how much he was growing, it made him self-conscious to be the tallest person in a room where he was unable to hide. But he was quickly becoming a man, as Siger well knew, and one day Sherlock would become the best of them all, of that he was sure.
The detective knew the instant John saw the back of the indecent panties. His breath came in gasps, releasing a in a low, sinful groan. A finger reached out to trail down the inviting piece of ribbon separating Sherlock’s bum.
Glancing down at the pink rose in his palm, Sherlock gripped it tightly despite the thorns, and watched as his hand began to drip blood.
John’s smug smile fell into something softer, more gentle as he witnesses the hardened detective who had faced so much adversity in his life blush like a young person facing affection and intimacy for the first time. Perhaps this is the first time for Sherlock, John pondered as he continued to stroke the cheekbone gently, emboldened by the fact he hadn’t been pushed away and Sherlock was leaning his visage into the quiet affection. John stared at his Cupid's bow lips in fascination, wanting nothing more than to taste, but the older man refrained, realizing that kisses may be startling to Sherlock.
“Alright” Sherlock agreed affably and, delighted, Molly and Lestrade began to wander down the corridor to the left of the staircase chatting amongst themselves about their favorite novels and memories in the library while Sherlock, remaining behind, shook his head at their gullibility.
Sherlock held out for a moment longer, until his aching arousal could stand it no longer, him mind fraying from the pulsations echoing from his groin and lingering from his well-used arse.
“After all, these flowers are indicative of someone who is colder, someone who undeniably favors darkness over light, someone who is more serious than you with your ridiculous jumpers-“
“What’s the matter Sherlock?” John asked innocently, pressing his lips around the pink opening in the next instant and sucking, nipping and licking inside and-
“Her highness has been taken ill by all the excitement- I am taking her back to her chambers. Please inform his majesty.” With a solitary nod, John stepped away from the slightly startled guard to carry Sherlock back to her chambers.
John purposefully avoided Sherlock’s prostate, despite his attempts to angle his body so John would rub against the sweet spot.
!” Sherlock moaned as he neared orgasm once again, but the hard glint in John’s eyes forced Sherlock to whine and slow down his bouncing on the cock, knowing he was never allowed to come without permission.
"Those poems, that is how I feel about you, Sherlock. I do, I love you, always" John whispered, kissing just below Sherlock ear.
It had been two glorious, heated weeks since their first night, and everything was finally settled. Molly was tutoring Rosie once again; Lestrade was Captain of the guards, protecting the palace walls. John was reintroduced to royal court in London, and was now involved in trade deals for the kingdom involving his lands that stretch over 500 acres. Mrs. Hudson was back to managing the house and the staff, and Sherlock’s brother Mycroft was in charge of royal legal documents, living now within the castle’s walls with Sherlock’s papa, much to Sherlock’s endless amusement and happiness.
It had been over seven years since the transformation, and he had not talked to his darling Rosie in all those years. He didn't want her to see him this way.
And Sherlock melted against John’s caring hands that patched him back together after grueling cases, tender hands that were now running up and down his torso in a steadying manner, gently encouraging Sherlock to relax his tense body.
Still, he raised his head and met Moriarty’s dead eyes, a grimace twisting his normally contented face, “he is not a monster Moriarty,
, expecting for John to deny what Sherlock had observed, but he stood there, looking at Sherlock with hardness set in his eyes, as if expecting retaliation from
“Sherlock” John began, “I brought you here because its been one year since we met, and moved in and started solving crimes.” Sherlock continued looking out the window in perceived disinterest, but John knew he was analyzing every word and gesture John made.
Sherlock, unfamiliar with uncertainty of any kind, was the first to break the silence between the two.
John took a pillow, amidst the kisses, and lifted Sherlock’s hips, settling the pillow beneath and leaving the detective’s creamy bum prominently displayed, and leaned down to press a kiss on each cheek, smiling slightly and Sherlock’s groan of arousal at the too-chaste kisses.
“Well, Doctor, fix me by whatever means,” Sherlock said, challenge in his voice, as if he did not trust John’s ability to “cure” him. Unlike their previous scenes, Sherlock was not as deeply in subspace as he normally was during their play.
Two days later, John and Sherlock were having a relaxing day around the flat. John was off work from the surgery and Sherlock was solving cold case files Lestrade had dropped off earlier that day to keep him from boredom.
Sherlock came out of their bedroom a while later, half-lidded eyes and a sheet wrapped around his sleep flushed body as he yawned, covering his mouth.
John trailed off, becoming self-conscious all of a sudden and glancing at Sherlock. Sherlock was gazing back at her with curiosity in her eyes.
"Everyone saw him raving about a beast a few weeks ago in the tavern, and he hasn't been seen since. Call him out as a lunatic, and the townspeople will support you," Moriarty assured, still flipping a cold coin around his fingers, "I guarantee it. I know this plan sounds a bit crazy, but I am a
“You’re driving me crazy love,” John said, peppering kisses on Sherlock’s cheeks and neck, traveling steadily lower, her hands raising the soft black material from Sherlock’s alabaster thighs.
Opening the box, Sherlock began to reach towards the anal beads with an inquisitive gaze when he heard his phone text alert noise
“I’ve come for my father,” Sherlock announced with a courage he did not feel, “how could you imprison him in this way? He is freezing, he might die!” He shouted, his temper rising at the thought of his father’s needless punishment.
“Oh, you’re not sorry yet, sweetheart,” John cooed in his ear, nipping it lightly as he continued to thrust in and out of Sherlock’s post-orgasmic body, “but you will be.”
Sherlock took a deep breath in and nodded, reaching out to touch the beautiful clamps with a reverent expression, but John drew them away at the last second, smiling at Sherlock’s matching excitement but wanting this moment to last.
From the moment when she first saw Sherlock’s visage etched in stone, she had been intrigued by her alabaster skin and untamable mop of curls. She was a princess- utterly untouchable and not to be sullied by the hands of a fallen soldier, a ‘female bodyguard’ to use Sherlock’s term.
John sat in his armchair and watched his love standing by the window with his beautiful instrument in the twilight, his eyes shining as he listened to Sherlock pour out his frustrations and lingering, fading fear into his music, the melody soothing John’s soul.
Sherlock watched in confusion, his mouth turned down slightly, and John bobbed up and down on his feet in anticipation.
As John disappeared through the doorway, Sherlock leaned back and tried to regain her relaxed state.
In desperation, he leaned down to steal a kiss, deepening it with his tongue the way John taught him and hoping it would be enough to push John into action, but the disciplined Captain held firm, pulling his mouth away with one more peck, and spanking Sherlock’s arse in warning once again, causing the slender boy to pant as he clenched around John rhythmically as John watched with a besotted expression. John filed the information of Sherlock's delightful reactions to spanking for use another day...
Screams and shocked gasps sounded from the crowd, and Sherlock tried to hush them saying, “he is not dangerous. He is educated and rational. He was-“ Sherlock paused, thinking, “kind to me.”
“This is magic. John gave it to me, so I would be able to-“ Sherlock bit his lip, remembering John's final words sadly, “I would be able to look back to him. It allows you to call the name of whomever you wish to see, and view them. See them in the present moment,” Sherlock turned away, looking past his papa to look at his rose, remembering the first blossoms of desire he had been feeling around the beast before he was called home- his duty as a loving son more important than the beginning air of desire.
"Daddy," Rosie called, chocolate spread across her face much to her delight as she pounded her small hands on the table, "don't take my cookies."
John’s eyes opened blearily and he blinked a few times, yawning and taking in the space around him. Sun shone in through the window, and John reveled in the odd sensation of warmth against his skin, the enchanted castle now full of light that permeated the very air. John took a deep breath in, and at hearing a noise to his right, he realized was that he was not alone in his bed.
Suddenly, the prison door was wrenched open and two more house hold objects, a coat hanger and a chair, came out of the shadows and prop up his father, holding his protesting body against the back of the chair.
prince charming, but he was somehow everything Sherlock could want from a prince. Manly, educated and intelligent- but not
John always wanted more, and every time someone suggested they were a couple, he became irritated, snarking that they weren’t together like that, that he wasn’t gay.
“No! No, I am not leaving here without you!” Sherlock yelled in desperation, hands clutching his hair in fistfuls out of frustration, forcing himself to think but struggling due to his heightened emotional state.
Sherlock and John stared at one another from across the chamber for a moment. With their eyes locked, the two were stunned into a silence that seemed both weighted and fragile.
They rode back to back to Baker St. in silence, John throwing a few notes at the cabbie before hopping out of the car, watching a quivering Sherlock do the same, only slower.
With a wicked grin, John painted Sherlock’s lips with his own essence and then leaning down, kissing and licking at the cum stained lips, tasting Sherlock’s pleasure for the first time and quickly becoming addicted.
John was right of course, she was always right. Since that night, she and Sherlock had been slowly advancing their romantic relationship with slow touches and soft, chaste kisses, as Sherlock was new to the process and John had never dated a woman before.
He rushed out, refusing to say any more goodbyes. He found Philip munching on straw in the stables and quickly saddled and mounted the steed, rushing down the cobbled pathway to the enchanted castle, never looking back.
Sherlock picked up his clothes and walked quickly behind the privacy screen, ignoring John’s chuckles, and changed into his clothes.
The council knew the princess had a bright mind, as she flew through her studies and spent much of her time in her lab or the library, but she was clearly a genius. A genius overlooked due to her reclusive nature and status.  John and Lestrade shared a shocked look, but when John turned back to Sherlock, she was smiling.
He stood tall and slim, his shining curls standing out and always appearing in perfect ringlets, as though acting as a halo around his head. His cheekbones refined, with a roman visage that made him appear princely in look and manner. Even as a child, Sherlock was a sight to behold with unmarred alabaster skin and a light flush to his cheeks, which spoke of a youthful glow.
Interesting. Sherlock's mind was firing with deductions about the young woman. Small but strong, with honey blonde hair that was thrown back in a careless braid and a weary expression. She had a plump figure that was built with muscles from her active lifestyle, and she had the careful hands of someone who could handle a gun. She was favoring her right side, her shoulder on the left somewhat slumped where she stood in parade rest- wounded in battle then.
“Sir, are you s-sure this is necessary?” Sherlock gasped out, and John saw a flush spreading to the back of his neck where downy curls were gathered. Sherlock was embarrassed to be treated so childishly, and John treating him so coldly only adding to his feelings of nervousness and vulnerability.
Then Sherlock turned, rushing to the door to hurry home and save his father, ever the hero. The hero John wished he could be.
Sherlock thought wildly. In a moment of clarity, Sherlock reached a free hand into the pocket of the minion to his right and snatched out a small knife, shoving it down his pants before the minion took hold of his arm again, yanking it roughly behind him and causing Sherlock to cry out.
Like any first time, it wasn’t perfect. But for the two men lying in each other’s arms, warm and happy, the moment couldn’t be ruined by an idea as trivial as perfect.
Finally, John picked up Sherlock's newest vibrator, wide with ridges running up and down each side to positively tease the nerve endings inside of him and cause him to go positively limp with pleasure. With no warning, John thrust the vibrator into Sherlock's exposed opening, reveling in his gasps for a moment before turning it on its lowest pulsing setting.
With a roar, John came, filling Sherlock up to the brim with his seed. He reveled in Sherlock’s moan as he felt the seed hit his inner walls, coating his insides with John’s cum for the first time and adoring the feeling of John’s pleasure inside of him, filling him up. Sherlock closed his eyes, trying not to come until John said.
Sherlock gasped in surprise when he realized he wasn’t the only one of them who was able to remain hard after a powerful orgasm. God John, he was going to wreck the young detective.
Sherlock’s cock released once, twice, three times more; coating his stomach in release as he whined and held onto the wrinkled sheets for dear life as his took his pleasure unheeded and uncontrolled.
“Well, it concerns you, so it is my place, actually,” John retorted, her chin lifting to meet Sherlock’s grey eyes in the dim light. Sherlock watched John’s eyes flicker down briefly before they resolutely met her eye line once again.
Not with Sherlock clenching John’s cock in a vice grip and Sherlock’s arse quivering in a wanton manner. Sherlock braced his hands of John's heaving abdomen, slowly inching up and down.
“Well, there you have it John!” Sherlock ranted, ignoring his partner who stood up to calm him, ”now you know that I am as infallible to sentiment as you always believed; I imagine the readers of your blog will have a field day realizing that I am susceptible to the baser emotions of the chemical defect found on-“
With that parting shot, she whisked away and shut the door behind her, leaving Sherlock and John staring at one another in thick silence.
“Oh, that’s brilliant!” Sherlock announced to the empty room, happy to hear his voice was in working order. It was the prince. The man in the painting in the beast’s bedchambers from the night he ran away, over a month ago.
Not just accept being a woman grudgingly, and wear trousers and shirts that covered her slight curves and small breasts in order to do so, no, John made her accept what she had always run from due to societal expectations of what it means to succeed in a man’s world.
The wolves ran to attack the threat, and the beast fended them off as best as he could. The wolves tore viciously at his clothing, his cloak, biting at the scruff of his neck and legs while one latched onto his arm, digging into the flesh and causing the beast to fall over from the pain.
But most of all, Sherlock remembered the magic rose. The exquisiteness of the blossom which held so much meaning, a reminder that love and kindness do matter, that Sherlock's mother was right all along, and that fairytales are possible.
"Shhh, I just need to take this out," John soothed, and reached forward to poke lightly at the ginger plug that was still sitting snuggly in Sherlock's prone arse. The younger man gasped as John rotated the plug teasingly, pushing it against Sherlock's prostate lightly before beginning to pull it out.
Then the hairbrush was working on his hair while the nail trimmers got to work on cutting and polishing his nails.
John chuckled at Sherlock’s barely hidden desperate, “continue reading, love, or you wont receive any reward,” John instructed with a sharp slap on Sherlock right cheek, marveling at the high pitched whine of arousal mingling with pain.
This is why she didn’t have friends. Her biting tongue and natural distrust of, well, everyone made friendship an impossible task.
“No Sherlock, go travel. Go back to Sussex to your bees, your family. Live your life, promise me,” John turned to fully face the young man that, within the course of almost two months, had become the center of his universe. The first person he thought of each morning, the person reoccurring nightly in his pleasant dreams that were once filled with war and pain.
Sherlock grasped the tea after a moment, and peered at John out of the corner of his eyes. John turned towards him with a smile, pushing his thigh up to rest against Sherlock’s bony knee, getting used to the sensation of being allowed to touch Sherlock, whenever he wants, to grab him, pushing him down on any surface and-
“What!” Lestrade exclaimed, “but they were getting so close, I felt sure they were falling in love.”
"Lie down on the bed, love, and tell me if anything makes you uncomfortable. We'll go slow." Sherlock nodded at John's request, and went to lie down, her chest already heavy from excitement and nervousness.
Utterly naked and trusting as John stood across from him, all business in his doctor’s coat and work attire, stethoscope swinging slightly from his neck and catching Sherlock’s grey eyes from where he was peaking.
Sherlock nodded, feeling dejected and trapped as Mrs. Hudson wheedled her into her clothes like a young one of five years, tamed her curls and placed some rouge on her pale cheeks. Sherlock felt like a doll as she was prepared to be viewed by men, to please them, essentially. Her purple dress hugged her figure and shot out at her hips into a full skirt, making her appear more curved then she truly was. She sulked in silence, and slipped her black heels on while Mrs. Hudson chattered on about them running late. She was then instructed her to follow her nanny to the chambers- “and don’t you give me any trouble, young lady.”
The two packed their meager supplies and mounted their horses, beginning their journey to the palace- a two days ride from Iris. As the sounds of the city faded, John began to feel an optimistic hope settling over her (damaged) shoulders.
"What you care about- money. I have it, you want it. It's yours" Moriarty held out a pouch of gold and the greedy asylum owner tried to snatch it away, but Moriarty moved the pouch at the last second, pulling out a single coin. He then began to play with it, twisting it around his fingers and watching the asylum owner's eyes follow the gold piece with a look of hunger.
The beast’s saddened eyes closed in defeat, not answering and waiting for the final blow. Moriarty smiled at the defeated creature before him, and lifted his arm for the final blow.
John breached his untried hole, and Sherlock was bombarded with sensation as he greedily rocked his hips down, ignoring the slight flair of pain in favor of the gush of pleasure throughout his lean body, his cock hardening further as he breathlessly allowed John to enter him, gravity working him down onto John's cock, as if John was some sort of sinful chair for Sherlock to sit on, and Sherlock's mind unhelpfully suggested that Sherlock never sit anywhere else if this was the feeling that John reaped from his untried body everytime.
“Stop teasing,” Sherlock ground out, wiggling his bum and forcing the tip of John’s fingers into his arse with a contented sigh.
John straightened up, watching Sherlock oddly for a moment, unsure of Sherlock’s stilted response but feeling better that his uniform would work for the evening’s investigation.
John stared in confusion for a moment while Sherlock untied his dressing gown, but when he discovered what was underneath, he nearly choked.
“John, please, you scared me. I-I thought you were falling to your d-death,” Sherlock stammered, the adrenaline fading away and leaving in its wake complete dread at the events that almost occurred.
“Very well,” John replied amicably, and Sherlock glanced up in surprise, before he saw John’s jaw set in a way he had seen only once before.
John nodded at the truth, through the magic mirror he had watched over her lessons, her playtimes with Molly and Mrs. Hudson, her toddler sword fighting with Lesrtrade, always with a burning jealousy that he could not teach the little spitfire to fight himself. Rosie, at four years old for the past eight years, had remained as sweet as she had been, unmarred by the darkness in her surroundings.
John repeated the process over and over, at one point five ice cubes being pushed into the entrance simultaneously. At that point, Sherlock was utterly senseless, begging and pleading for John to
John chuckled lightheartedly, turning Sherlock around and ignoring his groaning protests in order to meet his virescent eyes, "so, despite all that planning for the scene,
“Well, dear, you could try to figure out some of his interests. He seems to be a bit of a bookworm; so introducing him to your library might be a strong step forward. Ask him to join you for meals, don't force the dear," she said, "also stop treating him like a prisoner, and treat him like a guest,” she suggested tentatively, not looking to invoke the ire of the beast, but wanting to build some form of bond between Sherlock and John as soon as possible.
Sherlock came suddenly with a shout, painting his stomach with his seed as he covered his mouth with his unoccupied hand, muffling his whimpers of pleasure as wave after wave of unbelievable vibrations rolled through his body, shivering up his spine and releasing through his untouched cock.
With a smile, John flipped Sherlock into his arms bridal style, ignoring Sherlock’s moaning complaint and blush that he was not, “a blushing virgin.”
As Sherlock was lost in his musings, the older man turned to look at him for the first time since they left the crime scene. Sherlock gasped at the hardness reflected in those blue eyes, normally so soft. He shivered in expectation of what was to come, despite the fact he was completely out of his depth.
Sherlock, feeling bold, took his index finger and ran it up and down John’s soft skin just pass his perineum, watching as John gasped but did not tell him to stop. Continuing to kiss John’s cock, Sherlock also found his rosebud and began pressing lightly, never penetrating, but creating a rhythm of pulsations that began to drive John wild.
Sherlock looked at her with a questioning gaze, and his father laughed, leaning over to place a kiss on his beloved son’s forehead, “your mother simply means that your inner beauty is far more precious and important. Don’t let the jealousy of other’s take that away.”
Seeing no such look, Sherlock continued, irritation coloring his tone, “well, obviously 2 million pounds could easily be stolen from just about any bank, online hackers, transfer, complete. It’s almost poetic in simplicity, as crimes go.” he smirked, “in fact, I’ve cataloged how easily it would be to rob a bank in London, and honestly,” Sherlock shrugged, “you should up your security in the financial district, for Queen and country and all-“
John leaned down, and before Sherlock could comprehend what he was doing, John was brushing his lips over the plump, pliant lips belonging to Sherlock. Kissing him softly, gently, mouthing lightly over those lips. He heard a sound of ceramic breaking, and realized Sherlock had dropped the tea mug on accident, reaching up to hold onto John’s arms and digging his fingers into John like an anchor from the new sensations he felt.
John stood up and walked over, placing a kiss on Rosie's forehead and then Sherlock's, his heart swelling at the sight of his two little hellions getting into their usual mischief. Since marrying Sherlock, John's life had been just about perfect.
“Look at you, always so shy. But now you’re standing here in front of me, in a thong,” John exhaled as he walked slowly back to Sherlock’s front, his eyes never leaving the tiny, silk garment.
Sherlock came, panting “John” as he spilled down his lover’s throat. John sucked him through it, gentling his pressure until he was merely holding Sherlock’s softening sock in his mouth. He finally pulled away with a lewd pop and sat up, wiping at his face and chin with a rougish grin and appearing ten years younger- the look of satisfaction and hunger on his face in even turns.
“Being alone protects me,” Sherlock said, her eyes narrowed upon her incessant guard. This was dangerous territory, Sherlock's feelings for her guard were far too strong already, and she needed to construct some distance.
Sherlock thought sullenly, watching Mrs. Hudson and John continue chatting about their new relationship.
Sherlock huffed in annoyance, clutching his sheet tighter around his body but raking his virescent eyes down John’s naked form, standing in silence and staring at John.
The only person in the castle John could be prevailed upon to be kind to in the slightest was his ward, Rosie, who was unfortunately involved in the spell that fateful night, along with the few servants who had remained loyal to John right before his transformation. Truthfully, John loved Rosie, but he feared his beastly form and the damage he could do to her, so she was not allowed to be in the same room as him, period.
” Molly paused to think for a moment, “your new guest is awake and has met the rest of the staff, and is now down in the kitchens.”
“Don’t cry love, we've done enough of that,” John said with a slightly choked voice, watching his love cry in happiness, relief, and a love that seemed at times unattainable had caused his emotions to swell within the confines of his bed with his beloved in his arms.
“I’m finished; now please get back to work and stop annoying me with your ceaseless prattle,” Sherlock remarked, somewhat breathlessly, and John merely nodded and slipped from the steamed room without meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
He is always baffled by the fact that he once thought himself below this primitive form of human connection- the act itself would be nothing if it were not for John’s loving care and playful teasing. Just looking at the unassuming Doctor could put Sherlock in a tizzy of arousal and love so deep that even his mind-palace could not distract him.
“Why would I have to lay down for you to take my temperature? Don’t you just put the instrument in my ear?” Sherlock puzzled, his forehead creasing and his nose scrunching up in bewilderment.
Shivering from the implications of the struggle, Sherlock pushed the castle door open further, viewing the inside of the castle for the first time. The open entrance way was huge and empty of everything but some stray pieces of furniture, overturned. The marble floors and dim chandeliers covered in dust and cobwebs, indicating a lack of use for many years. There was a grand staircase directly in front of him, and a few passages leading off to other places in the castle.
John entered the bedroom, sighing deeply after another long day of work at the surgery, to find Sherlock sound asleep on the bed, face down and breathing deeply. His curls were fanned out on the soft pillows that he was hugging with his graceful arms, his pink, pouting mouth parted slightly and glistening in the darkness of the bedroom.
Lestrade, sensing her nervousness, tried to distract her with tales of the King's Guard and life at the castle, “wait until you see the castle, John. It’s something else,” Lestrade said as they rode, and John had merely rolled her eyes. A building couldn’t possibly be
During the beast’s perusal of him, Moriarty swung, the beast dipping out of the way just in time for the sword to wedge itself in the four poster bedframe.
Sherlock stripped off the garment with little fanfare, exposing himself to the chill of the room and John’s hungry gaze as he quickly covered his engorging arousal, sitting back on the bed quickly in order to cover himself, his flush spreading down his chest and ending just above his peaking nipples. John wanted to pinch them red, until Sherlock was gasping and aching for John to lean down and…
, he thought sullenly, looking at the ornate room around him that was once beautiful, but now smells of stale air and too many years unused. The realization of his dire situation occurs to Sherlock in that instant, and he couldn't stem the hot tears from spilling over his eyes and down his cheeks.
John leaned back and took in the sight of his detective; his cheeks flushed a pretty rose, his lips reddened and shiny and his hair an absolute mess of curls. Lying there with the stark contrast of his paleness against the red lips and ebony hair, he appeared to be angelic, a wanton creature that was both disarming and enticing.
And, remembering Sherlock’s blushes and desperation for John’s touches, deferring to John naturally as breathing, John grinned mischievously at the thought that they might have to have a few discussions about dynamics in the
She looked…. Well, womanly. The corset emphasized her minuscule, pale breasts, creating a decent amount of décolletage and emphasizing her small waist. With her ebony curls falling down, tamed for once by Molly’s magic hand and lacking the smell of the chemicals from her experiments, she looked…. Different.
“Why should I help you? I’m not the king, that would be you, remember?” Sherlock hissed, also keeping a passive expression on her face as they neared the bottom of the staircase.
be flatmates and friends. I have feelings for you” John whispered into the warm restaurant air, wondering if the words actually left his mouth, or if they were simply a figment of his imagination. Glancing up into Sherlock’s eyes, however, John saw that the traitorous affections had been expressed verbally, to Sherlock.
“Sweetheart, oh my beautiful boy. I’m right here, Sherlock,” John whispered, as Sherlock’s pliant body moved with his, their pleasure building incrementally, so softly, as they traded kisses and sentiments back and forth.
“Shh, love, you know this is how I feel about you. Shakespeare merely expresses it more eloquently,” John explained with a smirk in his voice, parting and closing Sherlock’s arse cheeks teasingly, “now read.”
But Mrs. Hudson had a surprise waiting for Sherlock, and so she had to break up the domestic moment.
“Alright men, take whatever spoils you wish, but the beast is mine,” Moriarty declared with a demented laugh, picking up his sword and heading deeper into the castle, leaving his men behind in the darkened entranceway.
was the craziest thing I’ve ever done,” Sherlock gasped out, unable to believe he had just sucked John off in their hallway, where anyone could have seen. Mrs. Hudson, the mailman, Mycroft-thank small mercies that hadn’t happened.
John gave his red bum a gentle pat and when over to pull out his chair like a gentleman, helping Sherlock line up his flushed body and helping him sink down, down,
As John looked at Sherlock, he attempted to give the detective an epithet within the confines of his mind that suited the petulant detective. Was Sherlock his friend again? “Friend” seems far too uncomplicated after everything the two had gone through together: after seven years, a faked suicide, and an assassin wife with a false pregnancy. These events tearing at their sanities, separating the two men and yet…. Here they are, back at Baker Street.
No, Sherlock was doomed to a life of plastered smiles, and corsets, and men; when all she wanted was a quiet place to tend bees, and freedom and….
John held up one hand to still Sherlock’s arguments, and with an annoyed groan Sherlock bounced up from the floor, but before he could dart away, John grabbed him by the hips and dragged his arse towards John, so it was directly in front of his face from where he sat in his armchair.
Sherlock responded enchantingly, licking into John’s mouth while rolling his clothed erection against John’s and moaning as if it would satiate his hunger for more. John smoothed his hands down Sherlock’s sides and rested them on his plush arse, kneading them for a moment before teasingly running a finger down the seem, splitting Sherlock’s cheeks through his pants and prodding at his hidden entrance with an undulation of his hips at the same moment, causing Sherlock to break of their kiss with a panted shout, “
The two men came with a wave of release, crying out each other's names in the expansive library, their release calming their arousals. Overcome by the sensations, Sherlock sagged into John’ arms, nuzzling into his neck and allowing him to cradle Sherlock gently, leaving them whispering sweet nothings to one another while curled up in the library.
“Yes, and you almost got yourself killed. You wont be doing that again, will you?” John asked, and Sherlock paused before shaking his head negatively. John smiled, a slight smirk tugging at the corners of his lips.
John rewarded Sherlock with a soft, wet kiss on his perineum, and Sherlock’s back arched slightly despite begin confined in the corset, whining lowly in his throat for more as John’s kisses dried on his sensitive skin.
Sherlock got up and gracefully draped himself across John's muscular thighs, purposefully rubbing his cock against John's trousers to smear pre-com on them, earning himself a sharp smack. Sherlock gasped in pleasure and pain, his cock throbbing and his arse aching for John's fingers, tongue, cock and any combination of the three.
He opened his arms, and Rosie giggled, running into his arms and clutching onto him tightly, “I will never be parted for you again, do you hear me. I love you,” John choked out, still feeling emotional and feeling tears drip down his face into Rosie’s fine golden locks. He knew eight years could not be erased, but now that Rosie could grow, this time he would be there for her, no more alcohol or cruelness, forced to shut her away from him for her safety and well-being. He would be there to love her, to teach her, and to guide her, as a father should.
John cleared his throat once more and ran a hand over his face, steeling himself for possible rejection: “The first night, you made it clear that your Work takes precedence over any relationship, and I understand, but-“
Once he was undressed, Sherlock was able to see John’s entire form, unobstructed, in the bright, bathroom lighting.
John turned and grasped the magic mirror, handing it to Sherlock and gently folding the frozen fingers around the looking glass, the hands that were still clutching the pink rose desperately.
“Sherlock, master, it’s wonderful to see you two eating together at last” she remarked, pouring tea into to cups and wheeling them two both Sherlock and the beast, adding sugar to the young man’s and milk to the beast’s.
Since the night at Angelo’s, he and Sherlock’s new forming relationship had been steadily growing every day. And although Sherlock was particularly worried about physical intimacy, their first time was gentle with John instructing Sherlock the entire time.
John sighed, looking away for a moment before looking back to Sherlock’s wide eyes, “I’ve cared for you for a long time. That’s why it didn’t work out with Michael, he knew my heart wasn’t free to be given.”
John let out a surprised laugh, “yes, you did! And it is bloody gorgeous. I almost came just from looking at you and your gorgeous body. Your hidden curves, your breasts, and oh
to Sherlock repeatedly, his chest heaving as his breathing became labored. Sherlock wiped the tears away for a moment, before leaning down to kiss the salty wetness away, savoring the feeling of his lover finally, after all his years alone as a beast, allowing himself to be vulnerable.
“I am beautiful,” Sherlock panted out, and John lifted their joined hands up and swept a sweaty curl from his forehead, “I am kind, and intelligent, I can deduce-“
“Good boy, Sherlock,” John whispered, biting back a smile as Sherlock bit his lip and glanced away shyly at the reminder towards his proclivity for praise.
Sherlock could not longer stand to peer at the brilliant lights shining from the beast, and shielded his eyes.
Rosie, who had been unordinary quiet for a girl of four so far, began to shout “Sh’lock! Sh’lock!” Over and over to get his attention, so he walked over to pick up the teacup, ignoring Lestrade’s comments.
"JOHN, please. I can't think without it. I'm desperate; I'm on my knees. I know how much you love me on my knees..."
Hearing John speak so openly and unselfconsciously about Sherlock’s desires for him caused a flare of heat to course down Sherlock’s spine. John reached over to flip the man back around to face him, lifting Sherlock’s chin up with one hand and clenching his hip with the other, staring deeply into his eyes.
A few moments later, Mrs. Hudson came into the beast's bedchambers, and John gave a warning growl, indicating that he wished to be left alone.
“JOHN,” Sherlock cried out, writhing on the sheets in complete abandon, feeling his heart racing due to his inexorable pleasure soaking his undergarments.
Sherlock shook his head, peering back up at John, watching the doctorly concern on John’s face with a growing sense of awful realization.
John shook his head to clear the decidedly inappropriate thoughts away, turning towards his uncertainty ridden flatmate, wanting to calm Sherlock’s nerves and make sure the young man was feeling alright after the fiasco with John’s date.
“I will, because he will have no other choice. If I don’t hurt his father, I will hurt his brother, and we both know how
When Sherlock glanced back however, his yet curiosity unfulfilled, and observed the broad phallus, the rounded buttocks, and the hardened abdomen muscles, Sherlock found himself drawn to the mystical creature, and his rumored strength. He stepped cautiously forward, and drew his hand gently down the statue, baffled at the feeling of the cold stone underneath his fingers, his mouth opening in shock at the sensations that raced through his body. What would it feel like, to have such a creature hold him close, caress his naked flesh with his own, take him deep beneath the sea-
“Yes, yes, alright. At least I know what I am good for to you lot! Here you go” He announced, opening his case with a flourish and pulling out a beautiful dark haired doll that had a likeness to Katherine. She promptly squealed at the gift, knocking Sherlock to the side in order to grab the doll quickly and begin examining its features, ignoring Sherlock who was scowling at her self absorbed nature.
John watched in amazement as Sherlock’s eyes began to pool with wetness, the tears of sentiment and pleasure meshing together in harmony and rolling down his hot cheeks.
think you were doing, hmmm? Flirting with him?” John growled, his anger from before bubbling back the surface, and Sherlock gulped slightly and looked away.
John and Sherlock cleaned up from their adventure in the living room, and Sherlock redressed swiftly, coughing lightly at John’s quirked eyebrow and walking over to his violin, picking it up and beginning to play. He didn’t want to sit on his tender backside quite yet.
Internally hating his deductive abilities for rationalizing the dire situation, Sherlock looked up to peer into John’s calm blue eyes.
John’s brought one arm up, tickling at Sherlock’s inner thigh for a moment, causing Sherlock to gasp from the warring sensations of pleasure and the ridiculous impulse giggle.
“The man murdered his wife, but we have no record of him returning home from his business trip in Scotland. He never got on the train.” Lestrade explained with a weary sigh, and Sherlock observed the room in silence for a moment before walking over to the woman’s body, leaning down to inspect her wedding ring.
Sherlock groaned in frustration as he sat up from his place lounging on the couch in 221B, standing up with a swooping motion and bounding towards his bedroom with an annoyed sigh, his mind racing as he searched or a solution to his predicament.
Sherlock’s cock was lying erect upon his stomach, leaking precome beneath his belly button, and Sherlock leaned down to swipe his thumb teasingly across the head, bringing some of the droplets up to his mouth to taste, suckling on his fingers as he continued clenching around the pulsations coming from the toy, and feeling completely and utterly wrecked after just moments of stimulation.
“Because, Sherlock, we’re going to stay like this until you admit how beautiful and wonderful you are, and mean it,” John said nonchalantly, far too much in control for someone buried inside someone else, and Sherlock rolled his eyes in annoyance at John’s unnecessary request.
Spinning slightly, she took in the blood-red gown curling around her feet with satisfaction. Molly had spread some kohl around her eyes and they were striking, and her heart was piled in a mass of curls around her head.
In the midst of his self-doubt, Mrs. Hudson bouncing forward, her ceramic body clinking lightly against the floor, “What is it dear?”
It was not lost on Sherlock that he was entering his prison cell willingly, but as he looked at the beast, Sherlock felt a sense of calm settle over his heart.
“I’ll come back for you darling, once I’ve taken care of this pesky beast that stands in the way,” Moriarty soothed, letting his fingers come through the cages to stroke Sherlock’s cheek and receiving a sharp bite on his fingers for his trouble. He winced and reared back, shock on his face.
He pulled out gently, calming his breathing and leaning down to look over Sherlock’s entrance, not seeing any tears and smirking at the sight of his come dripping from the reddened, well-used pucker.
,” Sherlock groaned, opening his legs wider in the bath and allowing John entrance. Once John had swiped around teasingly, just barely nudging at Sherlock prostate, he quickly yanked the washcloth out of Sherlock’s sensitive pink hole. The subsequent gasp from Sherlock sounding absolutely lovely to John’s ears.
“Molly, I simply must-“ Sherlock cut off with a wheezing gasp as the final metal thatch was secured and the laces were tied as tightly as her maid could muster. Sherlock took a deep breath (or as deep as she could manage) and met her own gaze in the mirror, trying to ignore Molly’s platitudes and “oh, shush now” by looking at her- uncommon- appearance.
Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, but saw John’s blue eyes steel themselves for a swift and thorough punishment. Sherlock gulped and nodded, his head lolling to the side and secretly wishing he could drop to his knees right there and let John guide him into his submissive headspace.
Skimming his hands along Sherlock's outstretched arms, John entangled their fingers and anchored them together, hand to hand, intimately connected and warming one another from the ice as Sherlock came beneath them. John, unable to control himself while Sherlock was spasming around his throbbing cock, came moments later, plunging himself deeply into Sherlock and locking himself there, moving his hips in circular motions and keeping his member encased in the inviting heat of Sherlock’s body.
the green panties made him smolder. As well as the unparalleled feeling of entering Sherlock, his greedy arse ready and willing for John’s cock from the first penetration…
Sherlock was standing in the great ballroom, pondering how beautiful it could be with a bit of a clean, when he saw a winding staircase leading to another side of the castle they hadn’t yet explored.
Reaching lube covered fingers down, John made short work of preparing Sherlock, stroking just beneath his prostate and wiggling his fingers inside the hot, pink channel, savoring Sherlock's whimpers for more.
Sherlock, who was often told by his mother that magic existed but had dismissed it as a child’s fantasy, stared open mouthed at the amazing sight before him. A candelabra was
Before John could make a move to get up from the chair, Sherlock was racing in the flat in a flurry of woolen coat and curls, dashing towards John with a brilliant smile lighting up his youthful visage, and John felt his own smile grow in response. Sherlock's excitement was endlessly entertaining as it was infectious. Occasionally John forgot that Sherlock was so young at only twenty-five, but these pure moments reminded the good doctor.
At those seemingly innocent words, Sherlock felt a bolt of heat rush down his spine and felt a blossoming of warmth cover the bridge of his nose and cheeks. He slowly lowered himself down onto the floor, his scarlet silk dressing gown fanning out around him as he settled on all fours and began crawling, avoiding John's smirk as he watched the detective out of the corner of his eye.
Despite Sherlock’s positive reaction to John’s bold hand-kiss when they met, all feelings of kindness had surely fled in the wake of another chain binding Sherlock’s freedom.
“Do you know who I am?” Moriarty asked nonchalantly, and the beast nodded once, turning his face away in disgust.
“Sherlock, I wanted you to have this. You never ask for anything beyond your science equipment, which was handed down from the university and is mostly broken. I know money is tight” he sighed softly, unable to deny the truth of the claim to his beloved child, “and that we had to move to this small house from the estate outside London, but my prospects are getting better. Money is coming in now from my many investments, and soon we may be able to move back to London!”
Sherlock stepped shyly into the tub, settling down between John’s legs and pressing his back against John’s chest, but not before giving John a enticing view of his red bum.
“All right love, drink your spot of tea and tell me what you’re doing running around the palace at this time of night?” Mrs. Hudson appeased, hopping to stand near Sherlock, the heat from her kettle warming him in the drafty open space.
"John," Sherlock tried again, his tone lowering to be more beseeching, his eyes widening as he licked his lips slowly to gain John's waning attention. John watched Sherlock's antics from the corner of his eye, biting back his first instinct to stalk over to the mulish man and give his delectable mouth something to do.
John quickly dressed at the behest of his lover, tugging on his pants with such force that he was almost knocked over from the rush of adrenaline flooding his system at the thought of another case.
Sherlock wished, just once, John might go along with it, allow a person to believe someone like Sherlock, someone odd,
Sherlock chewed on his pink lips for a moment before blurting out, “I was embarrassed, John! Were going to have a romantic dinner, and you’re going to be dressed and I am going to be naked,
“Well, when I was a child, my mother taught me a lesson. Sometimes, the best book’s have the dustiest covers. It may not be as beautiful as the other’s on the outside but it is still worth reading” Sherlock replied, a wistful smile on his face as he recalled his mother and a tender look in his eyes as he peered up at the beast, sky blue eyes meeting the sea storm, and the beast realized in that moment that he was lost.
Without another word, John grabbed the bowl of melting ice cubes and placed them on the bed, pushing Sherlock down with a strong, firm hand between his shoulder blades and watching the young man acquiesce with a huff, lowering himself back down on the white bed and stretching himself out lazily like a cat.
“Are you ready to go, sweetheart?” John asked, and Sherlock’s heart caught in his throat for a moment that his proud man; a soldier, a doctor, a hero, was willing to out himself to the world happily, if a little nervously, with Sherlock in tow.
“Green, yes,” Sherlock said when he lifted his head, biting gently at his lower lip when he saw the bindings.
After a few moments of silence to allow the men to catch their breath, John cleared this throat somewhat self consciously.
When he entered the bedroom, Sherlock was sitting up on his elbows, staring at John with his pupils blown wide and a red flush reaching down to cover his chest, just brushing his hardened nipples.
John had his suspicions, but they were just confirmed by the tentative kisses Sherlock had returned, as if he had only kissed a couple of times before. John scrutinized his detective; Sherlock was breathing harshly, his lips swollen and wet, oh so
- a bulge forming at the front of his trousers. He reached out to touch the statue, trailing his hand gently down the statue's torso and ending just before reaching the cock, letting his graceful hand trail away and fall back at his side.
“Come now John, you’ve been out of sorts for too long. It’s time, my friend, for a new adventure,” Lestrade’s kind eyes pleaded with her to reconsider, and John looked away from the pity she knew was lurking in his gaze.
He stared out the window and released an inaudible sigh, knowing that his sentiments were wasted on John, who would never be interested in a man.
“You’re so beautiful Sherlock,” John remarked, pulling away with a kiss to Sherlock’s nose and stroking his rosy cheeks with his hands, “let me see you. I want to, it's so attractive to me.”
“You parading around bare-arsed, I mean. I don’t mind it.” John said with a wink and a smile, and Sherlock turned back to his phone to hide the blush rising to his cheeks.
John rested his hips against Sherlock plush bum for a moment, allowing Sherlock to adjust to his large member before beginning to rock his hips shallowly back and forth, lovingly, pushing Sherlock’s erection onto the bed and smear his precum against the white, medical sheets and listening to their intermingling breaths.
Sherlock’s dinner was almost gone, John having fed Sherlock and himself over the course of the dinner, grinning all the while and Sherlock’s adorable frustration as he sought his pleasure and fought off his embarrassment.
John kissed down Sherlock’s abdomen, pulling down Sherlock’s tightening trousers just enough to swallow down the head of his manhood, suckling lightly at the head and the drop of pre-come that were gathering there as Sherlock gasped and clawed at the sheets to keep from thrusting up into the inviting warmth of John’s mouth.
John added another finger, making sure there was enough lubricant so as not to cause Sherlock discomfort, and began seeking that naughty little spot just a few inches up and to the right….
Sherlock and John looked at one another, questioningly, before Sherlock shook his head. The girl took out her phone and snapped a few pictures, and feeling bold, John lifted up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek, causing the younger man to flush and duck his head shyly.
“I, Sherlock, take you John, to be my lawfully wedded husband,” Sherlock’s voice quavered, and he blinked his eyes rapidly to get his emotions under control, but found he was lost in the light blue eyes glistening back at him.
, John purred to himself in satisfaction, pulling out his phone from where he had left it the night before on the kitchen table and snapping a picture of the sleeping, bare as a newborn Sherlock.
“So I was raised with dolls, and tea parties, and whatever new fashion my father could afford as a banker-merchant. By the time I was 16, I was engaged to be married to the blacksmiths youngest son. All was right in my parent's world, but…”
After his humiliating encounter with the beast in the library, Sherlock thought it would be best to take some time to regain his self control before tonight’s dinner by going to his bedroom. With falling about in the library, and accidentally referring to the one topic that was unspoken about by mutual decision- Sherlock’s home- the curly haired man was anxious to leave the beast’s presence before embarrassing himself further.
Sherlock stood up, fluffing his curls once more, and walked over to John, kissing him on the cheek, feeling bold at his presumptuous action but knowing that John loved him.
Decision made, Sherlock went up the stone steps, up the curving passageway with a sense of foreboding in his heart. He forced his legs to move anyways, the thought of his Papa in turmoil motivating his actions.
"No mate, this is the reality around here. You'll get used to it I'm sure," the candelabra soothed, but Sherlock was not in the state of mind to hear it.
“We’re going to a fundraiser for Mycroft, there is a high ranking official who will be attending, Lord Grey. He is suspected of embezzling government funds to secure his financial stability. I need to catch him at it,” Sherlock bit out quickly, his words short and focused, his mind already spinning on the case. The many variables and possible outcomes swirling in his mind’s eye as John watched forever fascinated by Sherlock’s brilliance.
Sherlock had no interest in men, despite the inevitability of her life that she would be married off to one and forced to breed. Every time Mrs. Hudson even attempted to bring up copious in the martial bed Sherlock faked an illness to escape. The mere thought of allowing a man to violate her made her stomach twist in knots. She had no interest in men or children. She just wanted.... Well, not that.
It was recent, as she could be no more than twenty-five, and she was obviously still suffering from nightmares and anxiousness regarding the incident, so maybe….
But Sherlock, never one for vanity, was embarrassed by the whispers and jeers from his peers and siblings, and would often cry to his mother and father before bed, begging them to allow him to be homeschooled and escape the other children.
They both came with nightmares and insecurities; sometimes Sherlock would stare at his back in the mirror and wonder how John found his body attractive as it was marred with scars, until John would pull him away, lay him down and kiss every inch of the scars until both men were emotionally content: "You're beautiful love, these scars show your devotion to me. They show that you came back to me" John sniffed with tears sparkling in his eyes, and Sherlock would gather the army doctor in his arms and they would relax in the silence.
“Don’t you want to look your best for Sherlock?” Lestrade asked as the magic brushes began to stroke through his fur, washing it free and untangling the man knots, the objects ignoring John’s huffs of pain when they snagged on a particularly stubborn knot.
Michael nodded; turning to the door to hurry out the way he had come, John’s eyes staring heatedly at his back until he was gone, disappearing down the corridor.
The woman cocked her head to the side, her shiny blonde braid falling across her weathered armor. Sherlock smirked at the contrasting sight.
A grin slowly stretched itself across John’s face, and a little chuckle escaped his lips without his consent. Sherlock whipped his head over, peering at John like he did with his more frustrating experiments that illude him.
John tutted from where he sat in mock sympathy for Sherlock's hungry rosebud, his breath fanning Sherlock's quivering hole where it lay less than a foot away.
“He is trying to contact the town’s lawyers to work on my case defense, but he has been gone all night, so I am worried as to his whereabouts as well. Katherine is the only one of you that never runs off,” Siger said with a choked voice, and Sherlock reached forward to grasp his hand, squeezing it gently.
John began to trust his hips gently, slowly, into Sherlock wet, suckling mouth, until he could control himself no longer.
Lestrade and Molly were out in the hallway, Molly’s clock-face reading midnight and Lestrade's candles flickering in the darkened chamber.
“Sherlock please, bee, you don’t understand-“ Siger was cut off by a roar, Sherlock fell to the ground and twisted his body, looking for the source of the angered roar. Sherlock’s heart was racing from fear, and he desperately tried to pull apart the cell bars, but it was no use.
by Philip Smith. Sherlock gasped as he read the cover, unable to believe his father had found it when Sherlock himself had been searching for over three years for an edition.
Sherlock shuttered as he woke fully, confused for a moment, just as John spread his cheeks and began kissing just over his sensitive rim, soothing away the lingering ache from last night’s activities.
He really needed to finish his paperwork. But, denying Sherlock anything was difficult these days, especially when he was practically salivating for John's cock.
Screaming shrilly, Moran dropped the talking candelabra with a clang and tried to put out the fire on his arm, hitting it wildly and trying to rip off his jacket, his arm beginning to blister and burn from the sensation.
John tightened his grip, and Sherlock came, painting his abdomen with his release as John stroked him to relief.
Sherlock rejoiced as the lock broke free, and he pushed open the cage, jumping out and then helping his father.
John reached for the washcloth and ran it soothingly across Sherlock’s chest and up to his chest. He covered it with more soap and washed his arms, tickling under his arms lightly and receiving a giggle for his attentions. He leaned down to swipe over Sherlock’s fully spent cock, cradling his soft member gently so as not to hurt Sherlock, and then moving down with the washcloth the wash gently between his cheeks.
“Almost eight years,” John agreed with a slightly hysterical laugh, wanting to pinch himself to assure he was not dreaming or hallucinating of a much better life.
He was raised with all the privileges of his highborn status; the library within their estate was full to the brim with novels and texts about the world, and Sherlock read as often as he was able of lands and cultures far different from his own, he learned about science and great literature, adoring the connection between the physical and emotional worlds.
“Hide your face all you like, but I know you love this. Me, carrying you as if you weigh nothing, proving that I can do
Sherlock’s fingers gripped at her ornate dressing table, glaring hatefully into the mahogany as if it had caused all the ills in the world, while her nauseatingly cheerful maid pressed, cinched, and practically
“Oh John,” Mrs. Hudson broke first, running forward at a speed impressive for someone her age and enveloping the blonde man in a tight hug, squeezing a laugh out of him as he hugged back, kissing her cheek fondly as she positively squealed in happiness.
That first night in Angelo’s, it might have been a proposition. But Sherlock had turned him down, turned away, and John was now looking for other people, other
She tied the silk strings in a bow and let them dangle down Sherlock’s underwear clad arse, stepping back and letting Sherlock look at himself.
“Now love, I want you to listen carefully. Pick out the form fitting black riding pants, the black formal boots, and the deep blue ruffled shirt, with a lower cut neckline, leaving his collarbones exposed, the red line fading from the night almost two months ago in the beast's chambers.
This was showing off, without any real excuse other than…no, with no real excuse. That he wanted to do it to show John that he could keep his end up, too, and, hopefully, impress him a little at the same time, that was neither defence nor excuse.
Not that his heart probably hadn’t given it away. His scent, however, might not have, seeing as the olfactory cacophony in the room was quite overwhelming. Even to Tessa, it would be, and that was if she had the mental capacity to register that right now, which was not a given.
Sherlock wanted to argue. Wanted to dismiss it all and say that John was exaggerating his statements, and he wasn’t that bad, even though he knew that John was right. Instead, he kept quiet and listened, knowing that John wasn’t done speaking yet, in any case.
Why hadn’t he told him in more detail, though? Why be vague about it in that way? Why not show him while they’d been practising?
The grip on his wrist somehow managed to tighten further, which was erring on a little painful now but mostly, it was the claws that was the issue. When had they come out? Had they been present since he’d shifted, and John just hadn’t noticed? He felt sure he’d noticed that they had been but at the same time, it felt fuzzy.
“Don’t try me, Omega,” the Alpha said, the humour in his eyes replaced with simmering disdain and contempt. They were not dominant, but they were certainly visible now.
John looked over at him and was struck by the fact that while he had clearly taken a lot of the bags himself – something which in itself was quite the astonishing feat for the man, or so he’d been told – he hadn’t taken all of them nor had he only left the light ones for John.
Sherlock almost spun towards him, though it seemed more out of surprise that he was there than any outburst of hostility or territoriality.
John could text him, of course, but that was a hit-and-miss tactic still, though he had improved significantly. If he’d decided to do this, whatever this was, by hand, as it were, then he was likely either not inclined or not allowed to use his phone.
“Plain English, Sherlock, it’ll do fine in the situation. But thanks, that’s…well, that’s good to know.” It was a bit flattering, really, to know that he could make Sherlock Holmes come over all flushed through some pretty simple and common dirty words, even if it might just as well be because he wasn’t used to such words.
It broke his heart even as it swelled in his chest with love for this wonderful, enigmatic, strange, contradictory, intelligent, lost, lonely, uncertain man who’d somehow found John where no one ever would think to look, and definitely never would look at him twice, and had, then and over and over again since, said, with his words and his actions, that John was an active choice, an option that he would choose always.
“The concrete details of when, where and how has been formulated in the last few days, but it’s started to come together in the last week, yes.”
“You’ll have trouble enough carrying your own weight. I won’t have you crashing because they suddenly give out due to too much cargo weight.”
“You can – oh.” Well…that made sense. Sense in the context of dragons and magic, of course, but still, a surprising amount of sense. “Why not use that, then?” He didn’t add ‘when time is of the essence’ because they both knew it already.
After a moment or two, John rose back up, with the help of his grip on the hand of the brunet – he would probably never say it out loud but there was something endearing about the Omega struggling to get used to his changing centre of gravity – and turned to the other.
That lack of physicality, properly so, was also why it seemed so patently ridiculous, when he thought about it seriously, that the Irishman could’ve been the one who’d taken him – if anyone was serviced in the harems, it most definitely wasn’t the occupants, whether Omega or Beta – and given him Tessa.
John stood his ground, however, and grabbed Sherlock’s arm to stop him. “No. We’re staying. I’m fine.”
It was, however, more than evident instincts and man got along famously. The man had demons on both shoulders, after all, and they loved to egg each other on, delighting in what they managed to accomplish together.
It didn’t help that he was beyond tired himself and honestly just wanted to go to sleep, his reserves depleted and his body running on what was left when the fumes ran out.
To end it himself on his terms rather than by anybody else’s, especially three variations of dragons.
What John thought could be the reason was that more than one of the harem’s regulars were ministers and quite a few others were mere MPs.
Whether it was his words that did it or just the brunet’s body finally overcome and shutting down, John had no idea but whatever the case, Sherlock complied.
Besides, if Sherlock was just uncertain that he was doing something he wanted to do right, evidenced by his slight hesitation, then the last thing John needed was to needle him over it.
John didn’t seem to take it as such because instead of his hackles rising, he merely sighed again and grimaced. “Because I didn’t know it was him and before you ask, I was about to hang up on him, but I thought that maybe…”
In that vein, he had gone and purchased another watch for his flatmate, in a style that didn’t smack of unnecessary expenditure but would fit and appeal to John. He had yet to give it to him, though.
In other circumstances, though, of course they could, quite happily so, too, depending on the circumstances.
Sherlock’s eyes widened just a fraction, as though he’d only then realised just what he’d said. Which was possibly what was oddest about it.
But what about the situation they were in right now? How could he keep such a promise to himself in view of both the harem owners and Moriarty looking for him? Until the issue was settled, the owners were caught and made harmless and they could be sure that the Irishman wouldn’t bother them, there was a risk to John being on his own.
It felt strange. He had wanted this, one might even say he’d craved it more than a little, and now that the reality was here, it had turned out to be somewhat disconcerting and just a little bit discombobulating.
Though he tried to console himself with that as he lay there, he couldn’t help the unpleasant thing’s further slight expansion as it sunk another notch.
John only gave him the briefest of glances before looking away. “And risk being hypnotised when you ask like that, phrase it like that? Not really interested in that, thank you.”
Such as, he checked the paper, yes, such as finding out where that one particular thing was. The one that Mycroft had alluded to, without saying exactly what it was, but which John had recognised immediately, nevertheless. There weren’t that many options, honestly, and when he thought about it, he really only had the one candidate.
“Ehm. Sorry. For…” he gestured at where he had been touching but wasn’t any more, unfortunately. “I didn’t think.” He now looked apologetic and very slightly embarrassed as well as hurt.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted, not afraid to do so. It was John, after all. “It’s only a theory, and it needs testing, verification, but it seems the most plausible, given the circumstances.”
Of course, that could be true if it were Tessa, as well, but the point was that it wasn’t conclusive that it was her.
else going on, something that he recognised but which filled him with dread and so he didn’t want to acknowledge it – was enough to pull him the rest of the way back to, to at least something close to a functional brain.
Once upright, John tried to disentangle himself from Sherlock, but the Alpha was quite evidently not in the mood to let John go on his own. Remembering just what had transpired earlier, regardless of the fact that he didn’t know much about it, the Omega couldn’t really blame him.
He wasn’t going to give the thing the satisfaction of any kind of reaction, least of all the one it was fishing for, and that meant he had to contain the sneer that wanted to spring out. It didn’t deserve his anger and it most definitely didn’t deserve his fear.
“Moriarty knows perfectly well, and even if the harem owners aren’t bright enough to work it out for themselves, he might tell them the location.”
It was soft and it was chaste and yet, it felt like a soothing balm to his inner turmoil. An anchor even stronger, however temporary it was, than that of the hand in his. The hand
John didn’t deny it. “They’re two entirely different things and you know that. You’re just trying to deflect. It’s okay if you’re scared of it.”
When he could again see the eyes, which opened slowly as he drew the hands down, they were still the pale swirl of colours he was used to seeing and he breathed a sigh a relief even as he also held his breath.
He could ask the Alpha, he supposed, but he highly doubted that he’d get any sort of answer, never mind a useful one.
As a matter of fact, he would confidently say that few could handle it as well as John had, especially when in the situation, and if he needed someone, in this case Sherlock, for some support afterwards, that wasn’t a sign of weakness, quite the opposite.
As they left the plane, a hand came to rest on the small of John’s back, rubbing gently, and it most certainly wasn’t his hand.
As he’d spoken with Mycroft, he had been looking around the room once more time, for the watch itself but also, although he knew where both the coat and the jacket were going to be, for any piece of clothing that might hold it, just in case.
“Not on purpose!” Sherlock almost shouted the words despite their closeness. “I would never have done it on purpose!”
John was halfway through complying with the very gentle request – request, not demand and certainly never a command, before he realised…realised two things, really.
So, better to…rise above it. Don’t banish it but rise to a point where it might reach him but couldn’t pull him down again, ever. Where it couldn’t take control whether he had a leash on it or not, though he’d keep the leash, regardless. He wasn’t stupid, whatever else he was.
It seemed unlikely but at the same time, entirely feasible and within character. He had to admit, whether it was intentional or not, that it did help ground him and take his mind off things for the moment.
Alright, so he’d been tempted to check where John was once or twice as well. Perhaps a bit more than that but could he be blamed for that? Probably but who cared? The important thing was that he hadn’t done it. He’d been tempted but had refrained from that temptation, not just once but several times, and that had to count for something, too.
I am a dragon. I can fly, he cannot. He knows I’d be able to catch up to him in a very short amount of time and – oh.
‘Your question, btw – gods, I wish. Don’t really think they’re into guitars much, not even if I try and play it like a violin.’
The blade itself, when he pulled it out for a quick inspection, was of good quality, too, as far as he could ascertain.
That on its own would’ve been an annoyance, something to grit his teeth over and bear it. It didn’t matter and certainly wasn’t worth getting angry or confrontational over.
John kissed him on the cheek. “I know. I’m an idiot for getting worked up about it, but I do know when I stop to actually think.”
“Reasonable, then. What I meant was that you’ll have more than sufficient to deal with during the remainder of your pregnancy to worry about getting a job as well.”
The flickering shape was back for a moment. The blond was reminded that for all the mythological origin, it had been a trying and exhausting time and Mycroft would be feeling the pressure and the drain at least almost as much as the two Baker Street residents. At the
. This is decidedly anything but. This is my baby brother in pain and anguish because he decided protecting you mattered more than anything else.”
Not so much because he’d expected to be saddened by the state of his rooms – nothing in there wasn’t repairable after all – but because he could still smell Mycroft and had an idea of what had gone on here from deductions, even if he had no actual recollection of what had occurred.
The portion of handwritten text on the bottom of the paper, itself another margin, really, the paper that filled with info, was in the same hand, even if it was somewhat more tidily penned. This time, however, the text was in English and was a later addition, given the freshness of the ink and the change in colour between the two.
“What are you…never?” he asked, but the voice didn’t carry that sympathy. Instead, it was understanding…compassion?
Sherlock had dismissed both of those, because he’d known neither would happen. He had the situation under control, he knew.
“Sherlock, I’m not leaving as long as I’m not mating claimed or whatever it’s called. In fact, if that’s what you’d prefer, I won’t leave your sight, provided it isn’t going to take weeks or the like. But I can’t change the fact that it happened nor do I want to keep silent about it.”
But to let the Alpha, who hadn’t even bothered to introduce himself, think that he could just break in as he pleased, and John would cower and meekly wait for whatever the other saw fit to say or do…that was not going to happen. Ever.
The moment he did, she let go of the hand and instead looked at him, as intently as she had before. Then, probably led by instincts, ones that had nothing to do with sexual maturity and everything to do with familial bonds, she sought out the scent gland in his neck.
Of course, the most potent of John’s angers wasn’t when he spluttered and rumbled or even roared like a volcano but when he went entirely calm and just a little bit cold or at least, coolly pleasant.
“Perhaps but I knew soon enough. If I had a problem, I should’ve done something about it sooner. Not just patch up the pieces they handed back when they were done and try to weather the bleeding storm.”
Right. Somewhere to calm down a bit, just enjoy the scenery without needing to take too much in at a time and a place to actually consume what he’d bought, that was what he needed.
“Implying that I have legal custody over you or some similar nonsense?” the Alpha shot back. Then his face softened as did his voice. “I don’t, John. You know that.”
is getting the explosives off me and figuring out a way to get out of here without snipers blowing me to smithereens. You’ll probably be fine whatever happens.”
So…if he was trying but unable, something was blocking him from it. That something might be something else, of course, but it might be the effect of whatever had been on the bullets, which had consequently been let in the wounds that John hadn’t been able to get at properly yet.
It was the last thing he remembered with the normal crystal clarity his memories had when he was fully present in the moment to record them, that and his snapping comment that he didn’t want the doctor as a possession.
Seeing as blinking wasn’t enough, he closed his eyes momentarily as he pushed the distracting thought into the very cellar of his Mind Palace. Not gone, just firmly shut away to retrieve at a later, more opportune moment than this.
His face buried in his pillow, Sherlock breathes in his scent, analysing every nuance of it, and stores the information carefully in his mind.
who Sherlock was. They didn't have many classes together, only chemistry and physics, but he had caught John's eye from the moment he had transferred into West Bank. He had spent many hours staring into the back of those long curls, looking only for short moments at a time, not risking being discovered. He always sat in the back and didn't say much anyway. John presumed Sherlock thought he was an idiot, like the rest of the class, and it would be too complicated to give away his identity. This way, maybe he could get to know Sherlock a little better, and he never would be found out. This was safe.
There were books about chemistry, biology and physics, neatly organized and in brand new condition. There were medical books and books which looked to be notebooks. They were heavy-looking and very worn.
‘Yes, Sherlock, what is it?’ he snapped and cursed inwardly at himself. He was such a bloody tosser.
Later that same evening, after a long, freezing shower, John still found himself unable to still his racing thoughts. They were becoming increasingly obscene, and John thought it was a wonder Sherlock hadn’t deduced them from his face. The detective, however, was distracted with the case, his eyes never leaving his laptop, a pair of white earphones plugged in. Whatever he had been watching, it must have been interesting, because he hadn’t lifted his eyes from the screen for hours.
