“I already got you allergy medicine.” Cas pointed to their coffee table. “It’s just fostering until someone adopts him!”
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, but some people acted like I was a screw-up ‘cuz I joined up instead of going to college. Someone at church told my mom this was what happened when your kids didn’t have a dad.”
“Bobby makes really good hash browns,” Dean says, almost dreamily. “If we get out of bed now, he won’t yell at us for sleeping in and Sam won’t have eaten half of them before we get a chance.”
None of that seems to matter to the former angel of the lord that he married, who suddenly breaks into their relaxed post-coital atmosphere with, “Can I ask you a favor?”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, we did. But we’re not you, Cas. It’s no secret you’re his favorite, and I can’t hold that against him.” Dean leans down to kiss Cas. “I think you’re pretty great, too.”
“Got any marmalade?” Dean asks, and Sam wheels to a stop in front of the kitchen table, stacking the jars neatly.
“CVS.” Dean bends down over the bed, kisses him, and Cas has half a mind to pull Dean down and keep him in bed.
“Does he find a way out?” Becky asks. She had been absolutely delighted to deliver her six lines as off-camera girl-on-the-phone, and Dean was starting to think that maybe her bubbly attitude could be an asset to the production.
“Girls. We’ve been over this already. Just please mix everything.” Dean turns his attention back to Jack, who has somehow managed to spill soap all down the front of his pajamas in the 0.2 seconds Dean’s attention was focused on Emma and Claire.
Dean and Cas both ended up getting horizontal in the sleepy way instead of the sexy way, but Dean figured as he drifted off to sleep that they had their honeymoon--and their whole life--ahead of them.
They all stood up and Tony led the professor out of the room. Standing right outside the door with junior agent Ned Dorneget was a tall man with chin-length hair, wearing an uncomfortable looking suit. When the man saw Castiel, he pulled him into a sudden hug.
Sam is probably having a great time at the bunker, eating a fucking salad and watching lord-knows-what, maybe video-chatting with Eileen, and Dean’s
For years, Dean’s viewed his hands as instruments of destruction—whether he’s holding a gun or a knife or an angel blade, it’s always something that can kill. But he’s found that he enjoys digging those same hands into the dirt, planting seeds and weeding and testing the soil to see if it needs watering.
“A little.” Dean smiles ruefully. “I’m usually reading mystery novels on the weekends and she told me I was boring.”
Dean pulls up a dining room chair up to the counter and has Jack stand on it so he can reach the bowl. By the time he’s got Jack settled, Emma’s (mostly) swept up the flour and Claire’s (mostly) stopped making snide comments to her sister.
For now, Cas just smiles, twisting his mug of tea in his hand, pressing his feet into the dew-covered grass as he stands in the yard. Inside, Dean is making omelettes, and later they’re going to the hardware store to get the supplies to build more raised beds, for the new vegetables they’re planting.
“Not anymore,” Gibbs said, before producing a picture of Dean from his folder. “Do you know this man?”
Soon, Dean will be whole again, ready to return to his home. And Castiel will find him–that is how it is supposed to go. But Castiel doesn’t want to let him go, and in a rush, he drops Dean’s ribs.
“But it’s never been...” Dean looks around, at the half naked Christmas tree, at the boxes on the floor, at the former angel in front of him who made him hot chocolate and learned how to build a snowman last week.
Because logically he can’t, right? There’s the damn angel in Sam’s head, and Cas is on the run from the angels because he’s human like Dean now (better than Dean, he thinks) and Cas can’t stay.
He’s changed a tire more times than he can count, but they’re losing valuable time. Not that they have a deadline, but Dean had dreamed of getting back to their little house about fifteen miles from the bunker before nightfall, maybe grill something for dinner and then watch the stars come out.
“Dean,” Cas said, grabbing the remote and pausing the episode before sitting down next to his best friend, “You gotta stop doing this.”
Cas disappeared after they got back from the hunt, muttering something about errands, and by the time he gets back, the sweater has been through a wash cycle and is laying across the ironing board to dry so that the neck doesn’t stretch out, and Dean’s almost caught the dryer on fire with the dry-cleaning bag.
Dean had practically raised Sam, hadn’t he? Memories drifted in as Dean turned his attention to Sam’s cuffs, making sure they were straight. Cooking for Sam, finding dog-eared quarter-priced paperbacks at thrift stores so his nerdy little brother had things to read, sticking up for Sam at school, hours on the road, and that fateful night fifteen years ago when he’d broken into Sam’s apartment at Stanford.
Dean opened the cabinet above the coffeemaker next. His favorite coffee mug, a kitschy Las Vegas themed one Cas had found at a thrift store once, was missing, too.
“I think they can all take care of themselves,” Dean says. “Why don’t we go to Barnes and Noble instead? See if they got any flower books that we don’t have.”
Cas is dressed almost the same as he was last week: scruffy blue Converse with writing on the sides, a pair of ill-fitting jeans, a sweatshirt, his hair parted down the middle and tucked behind his ears. It’s not
It was Valentine’s Day, which meant nothing to celestial creatures and shouldn’t necessary mean anything to humans, but it did. When Dean took Cas with him to the grocery story last week, he’d grumbled as they’d passed the seasonal aisle, crammed with shiny red-and-pink boxes of chocolate.
“What do you need him for?” a voice says from the doorway, and Charlie turns around to see Castiel standing in the doorway.
She shoots an email to Marshall Space Flight and then journeys to the labs to see if Kevin officially lost the fight with the mass spectrometer.
The only warning Cas gets that Dean Winchester is about to be in his dorm room is a slight jiggling of the lock. Cas spins around in his desk chair just in time to see Dean hip-check open the door, his credit card in one hand and a box in the other.
Objectively, dinner was fine—everyone was nice, the conversation flowed well, and Dean kept making sure to include Cas in the conversation so that he didn’t just end up staring into space.
to be sneaky, but since Dean’s facing the door while folding laundry (matching all of Jack’s fun patterned socks should be an Olympic sport, he thinks), he’s spotted immediately.
“I hate it here,” Jack says from his carseat, with far more petulance than a four-year-old should be allowed.
For now, Dean presses his lips to the top of Cas’s head, and allows himself to sink into the embrace.
.” Cas sets his drink down. “I know you don’t like Mick, and sure, he’s a little off-putting, but maybe he’s secretly not so bad.”
“Which means,” Meg keeps steamrolling him, “That he likes you. In fact, I’m willing to bet that Dean is in love with you.”
Well, to be fair, there’s normally a body in Dean’s bed, but that body is Cas, who is typically wrapped around him like a goddamn koala. And Cas doesn’t normally
There’s a soft voice in his ear, a breath of warm air. “I’m going out. I’ll be back.” It’s Dean, and his lips brush over Cas’ cheek before the mattress shifts.
Cas knew exactly how this would end–Dean would end up lying on the bed in Jack’s room with the baby tucked to his chest to try to get him to fall asleep, and then he would fall asleep himself and Cas would find them both there in the morning.
“He won’t mind and I don’t think Sam will, either,” comes Jack’s reply, “But Cas’ll say I can’t have it.”
They don’t speak again until the elevator arrives and they’re inside. It’s Dean who breaks the silence, which is a little bit surprising; if they were at their apartment, this would be the point where Dean would go off into the kitchen and come back an hour later with baked goods and an apology.
Bobby gives Cas a searching look. “Nice to meet you, Cas.” He turns his attention back to Dean. “Your brother’s waiting for you.”
Hence the cup of coffee–even cooler now–in a mug clumsily painted by Cas with sunflowers and the big kitchen with an island and an honest-to-god hanging pot rack and Dean’s slippers, in their living room by the big, squishy green couch (they’re shaped like bunnies, Jack picked them out) and the three rooms upstairs–a guest room, for when Sam and Eileen (frequently) visit, Jack’s room (crammed with books and Legos and a race-car shaped bed Dean built himself because, surprise surprise, you can’t buy fun toddler beds for toddlers that are adult-sized), and Dean and Cas’ bedroom, where Cas is still soundly sleeping.
John doesn’t ask Bobby if they can stay–he pretty much just dumps Dean and Sam on the porch and drives off. Dean hears the squeal of Bobby’s front door opening as he watches the Impala’s tail lights fade into the distance.
He’d always said he’d love to go on a beach vacation, but in that dream, Cas was alive and came with him, so it didn’t feel right to make it a proper trip filled with sun and sand and drinks with tiny umbrellas. Instead, he goes to Maine, to a rocky beach with salty wind that stings his face, and rents a run-down cottage.
he is now when they finally get called back (and Dean only forgot their insurance number once. Cas gets
Cas smiled ruefully as he rolled over to stare at the ceiling. The other side of his bed was empty, because Dean was in the next room over, trying to put a crying Jack back to sleep.
“When you told me just now what happened, you mentioned at the start that Mick had made fun of some of the things that made you anxious. But now, justifying your misgivings, you only mention that he upset your friend. And you’re blaming yourself for Mick’s negative behavior.”
“Oh. Yes.” Castiel wonders if the guards were really trying to protect him, though, since they manhandled him into Eldest’s “throne room.”
“Got held up by Dr. Moseley,” Dean says. Dean’s a horticulture major (welcome to an agricultural university), and Cas has watched his conversations with his professors devolve into etymological nonsense many times.
“We always get questions about that one,” she says, adjusting her sunhat. “It’s also called spotted bee balm. Often used in medicines and tinctures.”
, but he won’t move. Meg goes around Cas’s bed and helps Dean out of the uncomfortable-looking chair to sit on the edge of the bed
“And that’s what we were missing.” Cas abandons his beer in favor of reaching out across the gap between their lawn chairs for Dean’s fingers. He leans his head back to look at the sky, and Dean does the same, tracing the familiar patterns of the constellations with his eyes. “Humans try to see the good even in the worst of situations.”
Dean glanced over at Cas, seated next to him in the Impala, rattling off facts about flight patterns of birds. With the mid-afternoon sun on Cas’s face, how he kept running his hands through his hair, his posture strewn-out and comfortable...
“Poached eggs?” Castiel asks hopefully. He may not be able to fully taste the food, but he likes the texture.
“I know, I know. I’m just excited. Y’know, it’s kinda like Caleb is taking the reins on his own life.”
“I--” Cas started, and then cut himself off before kneeling on the ground next to Dean and bending over. Before Dean could process what, exactly, was happening, Cas was pressing his lips against Dean’s, kissing him, and Dean was
to do this every morning?” Cas says, a few months into living in the farmhouse. He knows he’s being over grouchy, but he doesn’t like that Dean leaves their bed to make a bunch of noise.
Rufus still goes to pick up the phone. Cas can’t hear what he’s saying, but his tone is low and a little bit dangerous. He comes back into the kitchen a couple of minutes later with a grim expression on his face.
They fall into an easy rhythm of conversation, Cas wordlessly passing the queso while Meg asks Dean about a movie that came out recently, Dean stealing a chip, Meg tossing a napkin to Cas. But once Meg leans back in her chair and fixes Cas with a steely gaze, he knows that things are about to get more real than usual.
Dean’s halfway under the Impala when Cas comes out to the driveway in the late afternoon. The sun hangs high over their house, the air sweltering except for a slight errant breeze.
Dean can’t focus at all anymore, though. They always come to the library after class to do homework (Cas is an English major and Dean’s doing civil engineering), and it’s one of the best parts of Dean’s day, but he’s never let himself believe that Cas might like it, too.
Cas jerks awake, the last vestiges of the dream in the front of his mind. It’s not the first time he’s had it, and he knows it won’t be the last.
Dean woke up feeling like something had died inside his mouth, and his throat felt like cotton when he swallowed. He burrowed deeper into his warm, soft pillow, groaning. Going to the Sigma Nu party last night had been a terrible idea.
“I gotta go to the bathroom,” Dean said, “I’ll meet you guys there.” There were nods and high-fives and then the group split.
“And the scene where he loses the manuscript—“ Meg starts, and then she and Dean are having another one of their marathon conversations that usually devolves into joyful bickering while Cas just floats.
Dean definitely has ulterior motives when it comes to dragging Cas to his room when Cas tries to slither off that night (namely: kiss him like it’s going out of style in an attempt to make up for the last decade and some change), but after the long-awaited make-out session, Dean can’t help but ask the question that’s been on his mind.
“There aren’t that many scenes yet, Charlie.” It’s hard to call them scenes, though, since most of the film’s going to be a continuous shot. It’ll be harder to film, although there are some cuts that help break up the camera work and allow for more mistakes--and that’s where Dean is marking the scenes, too.
(Cas wasn’t planning on holding the frog, it just kind of hopped into his hand. Maybe it could tell all that he had once been. Still was. He didn’t lose his love for the earth along with his wings.)
But in the intervening years a lot has changed. An angel who was only supposed to raise the righteous man ended up falling for him, and that man fell for the angel in turn, and now they find themselves in the aftermath.
They’re interrupted by someone pounding on the window--when Dean opens the door, it’s a man that Cas recognizes from Dean’s family pictures as Bobby.
Ms. Simmons’ kindergarten class has been intently working on their family drawings for the past twenty minutes, and so far her gaggle of five-year-olds has been oddly well-behaved. The only exception is Jack Winchester.
Charlie goes first because Kevin is still studying the drink menu like it’s the results of one of their experiments, ordering a gin and tonic (it’s hard to go wrong with a classic). Kevin eventually decides on one of the specials, a cocktail involving a complicated twist of lemon and something about absinthe.
Lugging his shelves and signs to his van isn’t an easy job, and by the time Cas gets back to his tent to get his table, he’s worn out.
“If Lyman’s soul regretted the way it died and we helped him get rid of those regrets by preventing his death, maybe we need to make sure
“About ten years ago, our friend Charlie introduced us. Dean was in town for a meeting, I think--she and Dean knew each other in high school, I know her from the university. When he went overseas, we kept in contact.” Castiel’s expression took on a dreamy quality. “Dean was--
“We reached out to everyone,” Sam says, “All the hunters we thought Dad might know, anyone Cas or Eileen could think of…”
They’re juniors now, and it’s time to think about grad school and working on their undergraduate theses (they’re both in the honors program), but right now, Cas just wants to focus on having a good time at the conference—and keeping Dean from hyperventilating on the plane. They’re only flying because there wasn’t enough time after their last class got out for the break to safely drive to Boston before the start of the conference.
“Thank god I answered this,” Charlie says with a sigh. “Castiel would lose it. I'll contact payload operations at Marshall Space Flight Center."
Cas sighs. “Alright. There were times when some thought I left Heaven too much and I wasn’t allowed to go down to Earth, but when I was, I would try to help people. Plagues, wars…”
“You know what?” Dean said, stowing the mayonnaise. “Forget the sandwiches. There’s a movie we need to watch.”
Cas wonders, briefly, what would have happened to him if his attempt had actually ended up with him dead. Would his parents have cremated him or put him in a casket? What would his gravestone have said?
“I still feel bad, though,” Cas replies. “I mean, he was rude to Dean, and I didn’t want him to stay, but I don’t like the idea that maybe he was upset by what happened.”
Dean knows the road and knows it well, the sun-kissed leather of the Impala’s seats familiar, the song and dance of paying for gas with money from hustling pool easy as breathing. But as much as he’s
His relationship insofar with the elder Winchester has been fraught–Castiel had been sure that, after their bond formed while raising Dean from perdition, Dean could hear his true voice, and he had been wrong. Then Dean had stabbed him, and after that there was the whole affair with Anna…
He doesn’t register that they’ve gotten to their floor until there’s a cough behind them. Dean pulls away from Cas, breathless, and Cas blinks at the housekeeper who’s holding the elevator open.
That sentence alone probably explains why I have a G.E.D., not a high school diploma, and why I’m applying to college right before my forty-second birthday. To be honest, I think my not-so-little-now brother was going to kick me in the ass if I didn’t stop moaning about kinda wanting to do this.
Dean frowns at Cas, and then sees that Cas is joking with him. “Very funny. Look. I think...we need to go somewhere.”
“Jesus, you just met the guy and you’ll be nice to him?” Dean grumbles. “Not like you’ve known me for twenty years or anything.”
Time could no longer be counted in exact nanoseconds. The ages of the stars were not immediately visible anymore. He couldn’t heal an injury in a moment, with only the celestial intent coursing through him.
Dean startles and then turns with a small smile on his face. From this angle, the sun’s rays, descending slowly into the start of a sunset, illuminate his face, spark his eyes into brilliance, sharpen his freckles.
my mom is (thankfully) still alive but mom's favorite pasta is something she used to make all the time when I was little and she was in grad school :) and it's always what I make when I miss home.
Meg would disparage their grocery shopping methods, but they eat on campus enough that they don’t need a
Dean sighed. “Fine. Just until he’s adopted.” As much as he was generally wary of cats, Cas looked happy, and he’d go through the trouble of taking allergy medicine for that.
He even makes it through the question-and-answer portion of the session without collapsing into a puddle, and as a reward to himself, decides to bail on the next session (he leaves Dean to learn about semiconductors in peace) while he goes to check out the books.
“Dunno yet.” Dean shuts the fridge and turns toward Cas, leaning back against it. “Have you considered that maybe we could just have ice cream for dinner?”
“I’ve got to--” Castiel is dragged off of the table he’s been lying on--he’s guessing he’s in a medical bay--and pulled out the door, where two other guards are waiting. “Where are you taking me?” he asks. “I haven’t done anything wrong--”
Emma gets the cookies in the oven, and then Dean surveys the carnage. One preoccupied teenager, one pouting toddler, one grumpy ten-year-old, and a complete mess stand before him.
“We should be done with this in less than an hour,” Dean said, sighing with relief before climbing out of the half-dug grave to grab his water bottle. Cas followed suit and they both stared up at the clear night sky before leaning back against poor Lyman’s gravestone.
Somehow, Cas must drift off to sleep again, because when he wakes up, Dean’s standing in front of the mirror, tugging on the collar of his shirt. Cas rolls over and the rustling of the sheets lets Dean know he’s awake.
“I mean,” Kevin continues his rhapsody about the cards, “There’s no way you can play solitaire in zero gravity. Maybe someone holds the draw deck for other games?”
“I’ve got an idea.” Dean deftly switched channels and then said into the radio, “Hey folks, It’s Cowboy and Angel here, and we could really use your help. We got ole Smokey hot on our trail, and we need to make it back into town stat.”
“Paint? Ooh, things are picking up! C’mon.” Randy eagerly leads them across the store to the paint section, where there’s a wall of paint chips. “Knock yourselves out.”
“Oh, this was definitely historic. Although I doubt your history classes adequately covered ancient Egypt.”
“When it turned out that Sammy wasn’t gonna walk again,” Dean says, “I tried to be helpful. I mean, kid had just turned thirteen, he was still a baby in my eyes. But any time I would suggest it…” Dean shakes his head, runs the washcloth up Cas’s good leg. “He’d lose his shit, didn’t want my help.”
“I’m in the kitchen,” Cas replied, with butterflies in his stomach. He and Dean had been together for four years and had lived together for two, but they seldom surprised each other like this, and what if he had gotten the wrong kind of pie and–
His figuring is proved correct when she walks into the kitchen, holding a bag off of one arm. Meg sets the bag none-too-gently on the table in front of Cas.
“You can’t seriously believe I would want to go hang out with some strangers instead of you,” Dean continues.
Cas was too focused on watching Jack that he didn't noticed what Dean was up to until a snowball, cold and wet, hit him in the side of the face. "Hey!" he complained, bending down and scooping up some snow and packing into a ball. Dean laughed at him and ducked behind a bush. A few seconds later, another snowball hit Cas square in the chest. Cas turned to Jack. "You want to help me gang up on Daddy?"
Dean waited for Cas to pick up the phone, and then realized that he could faintly hear Cas’s ringtone (AC/DC’s
, one of Dean’s top ten regrets (which is saying a lot, because he’s done a lot of things he’s not exactly proud of). The only way to get Cas out of the Empty was to bring him home graceless, and Dean wasn’t about to fight his way in just to leave Cas behind. No, this time he was going to ask Cas to
Dean knows Charlie will be here, but she’s probably barricaded herself in Ash’s basement with some of the potheads, not smoking herself but instead pretending to read their palms (it’s her favorite party trick with high people). Victor is a yes, of course, since he invited everyone, but for someone who’s so straight-laced during the week (he’s a hell of a producer), he tends to
Sam jumps and Dean spills half his coffee, but Jack just waves serenely. “Hello!” he says brightly. “I’m back.”
Dean notices this when he gets up to go to the bathroom at five fucking am, because he can’t just drink beer and relax anymore (getting older is the pits). Dean’s intent on getting back into his warm bed, where Cas is still asleep (and probably hogging all the damn blankets) when he hears said voices–it sounds like Claire and Jack.
“Gentleman,” Castiel replies. “Although I cannot confirm that he is gentle. It’s...I’ve never met the man. It’s an arranged marriage. By my parents. His name is...Dean.”
But Dean doesn’t really mind helping Cas find his stuff or keeping track of everything, because he’s just glad to have Cas back, happy that they can do things like hold hands in the grocery store or cook together (with mixed results) or have movie marathons in the Deancave.
Despite the good conversation, Cas can’t help but occasionally glance over at Lisa and Dean. Dean’s telling her things in that animated, charming way that Dean does just about everything; he always manages to draw the attention of people, wherever he is. And sure, Daphne’s now confirmed—twice—that Lisa isn’t one bit interested in Dean, but that doesn’t stop Dean from being interested in her. He’s practically glowing.
Before Dean even asks the question, though, he knows the answer. He’s known the answer for a while, since last year in purgatory. Since he prayed to Cas for year, killed monsters to find him. Since Cas didn’t make it out and Dean saw his face everywhere. Since Cas appeared behind him in a random motel, covered in dirt and grime.
Or, at least, it isn’t a problem until their “milk run” turns into a really pissed-off poltergeist (to be fair, Dean’d be pretty pissed if someone was shooting at him), and then Dean gets hurled halfway back to Kansas, it feels like, and by the time he comes to with a pounding in his head and a searing pain in his shoulder, said poltergeist is gone and Cas is standing over him with a big, bleeding gash across his face.
Before Castiel can get out a full complaint, the guards roughly push him back out of the room, and whatever shouts he does manage fall on deaf ears.
Today was the first day in weeks that Dean’s shifts at his two different jobs weren’t back-to-back, and Cas planned to make the most of it. It was going to be nice, he thought, to have a date night that didn’t happen at eleven pm (or at eight am, which made it less of a date night and more of a date
“You seem more upset than Jack is,” Cas says, coming around the kitchen island to rest a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
They were only a few hours away from Atlanta now, if they booked it—so close to their goal and completing their challenge. Their encounter with Chuck—ahem,
“Alright. Drive safe. And remember what I said about Cas.” She winked at him and Dean turned and sped out of her office as fast as he could.
Dean shrugs, fiddling with his nametag. “There’s another time slot in the morning, what should we go to?”
“Let’s go get drinks anyways,” Benny, another one of Dean’s friends, suggested. “We were here for half of a decent Friday night.”
Dean leans in at that moment to kiss Cas, his lips chilly from the lemonade, and Cas can feel him smiling.
“Yeah, I am. Takes beer and period dramas to get me to spill my guts.” Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket. “Got drunk a few years ago, epically, and called Sam. Left him the worst voicemail. He recorded it and sent it to me.”
The cheap gas station convenience store is the closest thing to a supermarket for miles (Sam had said this hunt was “sort of in the middle of nowhere” and he wasn’t kidding), which means Dean’s left with a crappy motel microwave, a can of tomato soup, a loaf of white bread, and a block of those slices of American cheese covered in peel-off plastic.
“That’s not what I--” Cas frowns at him. “Not that I'm opposed to that. But that’s not what I meant. I meant that I...I would like to go on a date with you. I’d like to date you.”
He goes to check on Sam, who is in the bathroom where things are, predictably, gross. Castiel cleans up what he can and unsuccessfully attempts to heal Sam. He decides that he should probably get some books from the library to see if it’s a curse or something, and by the time he heads back to his and Dean’s room, he’s been gone for about thirty minutes and Jack is wailing.
When Dean finally pulls into the gravel drive, the bumps in the road jolting Cas out of his slumber in the passenger’s seat, the sight that greets him isn’t exactly what he was expecting.
Dean knew where the mood was coming from, because it was his fault and there was no one else to blame it on. He didn’t mean to kiss Cas, though, when he ran outside of the abandoned house they’d found the ghoul in and saw that
Several hours pass in this way--various nurses come in and out to make sure that Cas is still breathing, although Dean is even more watchful and the fifth time he peers at the monitors like his five-eighths of a horticulture degree is going to explain the numbers to him, Meg threatens to take away his Fanta.
Dean turns to see Cas holding a beer. “Hey,” Dean replies, feeling his face warm. He would be lying if he said he wasn’t attracted to Cas, but Cas is his friend, and besides, Cas is cool. Interesting. He writes poetry and wears vintage button-down shirts and paints his own Converse. Dean feels like he himself is what would happen if you made the midwest a person: flannel, leather, ripped jeans, work boots, none of it to be aesthetic. This is just what he looks like.
Castiel is tired of waiting, tired of having a weight lodged in his chest, and he hates how agitated and
That sets Cas off into a fit of uncontrollable laughter, and by the time he catches his breath, there are tears in his eyes. “Glad I didn’t take a drink then,” Cas says.
but they had those at least once a week) and then for desert, at which point Dean would get down on one knee and pop the question.
While Meg and Dean continue to bicker about the movie choice, Cas hooks his laptop up to the television and finds the movie on Amazon Prime.
“Yeah. And me, I hope.” Dean grabs the box off the dresser and crosses the tiny room to Cas’ desk. “Donuts.”
“Yes. He, uh...wakes up at five, usually has a cup of coffee before he goes on his run at five-thirty. He’s back by six-fifteen and then we have breakfast. I take the train into DC and he drives to base...we both normally leave around seven.”
In the beginning, there were no days of the week, so no one really knew what it meant to be the angel of Thursday. Castiel, said angel, thought that he could decide for himself, but at first there wasn’t much to decide from.
“Maybe just a rainbow backsplash in the kitchen,” Cas jokes in response. He lets Charlie turn him into a hug.
Behind him, he hears Sam snap a picture of the sunset, but Dean himself is content to just hold Cas close and watch the world turn.
In the late afternoon, they get ice cream at the museum’s cafe and sit on the plaza, people watching. They’ve been playing this game since freshman year in their university’s dining hall where they make up imaginary stories about strangers, and they do that for a while before sitting in comfortable silence.
Bobby didn’t plan to take care of them, so they end up going to the grocery store at nine pm. Sam gets excited about everything–riding in the cart, getting to choose what kind of bread they have, carefully holding the egg carton, telling Bobby how this is the most they’ve had to eat in weeks.
This is what Victor has perfected–the facade. The image. He’s one of the best, because that’s what he
Cas’ll get that other kind of kiss at some point, he’s pretty sure of it. But for now, he’s more than happy with this.
Cas likes to wake up and sit on the porch in the mornings, watching the world wake up. He likes it even better when it rains, pounding on the roof and dripping off the eaves, thunder complementing the squeak of the porch swing as he rocks.
“Kay.” Dean softened against him and was asleep within minutes. Cas felt himself dropping off, too, but as he did, he knew that the aching chasm had been filled.
There’s a knock on his bedroom door a few seconds later, and Cas pulls himself out of bed to answer. Dean is outside it, of course, staring at him blearily.
“Well hey there, Cas,” Mick calls, and Cas resists the urge to duck behind either Dean or Meg. He’s working on this. He’s not...no one just…
“C’mon, Cas, the books aren’t gonna vanish if you stop reading ‘em.” Dean stepped towards the table and set down a plate and a glass on the table–a PB&J (with jelly, of course) and a glass of apple juice, which Cas had gotten really into. Cas’ head turned slightly at the offering, and then fully to look at Dean.
Cas is so good, too good to him, to someone who loses his patience constantly and is desperately lonely and feels like he’s profoundly fucked up.
Cas, newly human, insisted on going out without a coat and came back inside before Dean had even finished getting himself suited up. They dragged Jack and Sam and Eileen out with them, had a rousing snowball fight and built the tallest snowman they could manage, and then went back in and drank hot chocolate and cider and watched a movie in the Deancave.
“I just wanted to see if you’ve left yet! We have to start setting up at two thirty, Charlie gets off work at four.”
It’s then that Cas notices the wheelchair in the corner, which Dean dutifully wheels over to the couch, offering his brother a plastic board. Sam uses his arms to transfer himself from the couch to the chair, and then adjusts his sitting position, pulling out the board and swiveling his chair to face Cas.
“Woah, woah, woah.” Dean placed a flat palm on Cas’ chest. “Who said anything about leaving? Or me being uncomfortable? I–” Now Dean took a deep breath. “I just didn’t want to make a fool of myself. What I mean is…me too, Cas. Me too.” He leaned his head onto Cas’ shoulder, and Cas felt dampness. Dean was crying.
. For a few weeks, they bloom, and the world is a riot of color, pinks and purples and whites and yellows, bees buzzing as they search for the sweetest parts of the flowers, and then one day, they’re all gone, the ground littered with rotted petals.
But the misunderstanding beforehand jarred him—the fact that he misread it like that, that he thought Dean would just leave him on his own.
She talks to Cas all the time–they send each other recipe links and memes and pictures of dogs and Cas shows most of them to Dean, and Claire sometimes tells Cas to
Meg chooses this exact moment to return with their drinks, and she hands Cas his, moving hers to a hand and continuing to hold onto Dean’s. “Root beer was the best they had,” she whispers, “What’s happening?” Cas raises an eyebrow and Meg nods accordingly. “I’ll kick him in the nuts,” she vows, “If he decides to be a knucklehead.”
“Alright,” Chris says, “I’m going to give some advice, and then if others have thoughts they can chime in. Obviously, this sort of situation could be used as a teaching experience--you could inform Aaron of why his words hurt, and what some better things to say to grieving people are. But that puts an emotional burden on you and lets him push your boundaries.”
With the packing tape secured onto this box, everything is packed, everything except the sentiments, which Dean now has room for: slightly blurry pictures taken with the old polaroid camera Cas found at a flea market. Random notes from Sam with things like
Dean adjusts himself until his head is tucked under Cas’s chin and he can hear Cas’s heartbeat, a better, steadier thrumming than the thunder. Downstairs, Jack is probably still asleep, if he ever went to bed (when your kid is pretty much God, it can be hard to get him to go to sleep on time), and across town, Sam and Eileen are likely totally unaware of the storm as well.
“It’s your shirt. Go for it.” Dean tries to appear nonchalant, but it’s a bit difficult. Since Cas has been in hoodies at the audition and the rehearsal, he wasn’t expecting chiseled collarbones or the faint outline of muscles on Cas’s arms.
Eventually they’ll get tired of reading, or the candles will burn low, or both, and they’ll drift off to sleep, Cas’s head pillowed on Dean’s chest. The storm won’t let up until morning, but that’s just how storms are, and in time it’ll be forgotten. Cas will get more books from the library, Dean will futilely try to fill in the front yard’s dip with sod, the gutters will fill with leaves.
“What--have I--are we on Zanus already?” The trip was supposed to take several years, hence the freezing; transport costs could be enormous if food and housing were an issue, and this was an economical way to make long trips through the galaxy.
Dean had sworn up, down, sideways, and to the god they’d just almost killed that he and Cas would be
“It’s gonna get cold,” Dean explained, pulling out a ham-and-cheese croissant for him and an everything bagel for Cas.
Castiel had left Abby’s lab after Dean had gotten settled, and Sam had left the agency entirely for one of his law school classes. Castiel had promised Sam that he would call him with any updates, and he was now standing in front of one of the vending machines, contemplating the merits of a candy bar versus some peanuts, when a voice behind him said, “Dr. Novak?”
Cas and Dean spend all of Saturday morning at the library, partially doing homework and partially doing
“You good?” Dean whispers, and Cas nods once, twice, tersely. “Uh-huh,” Dean says. “You need anything? I saw some fancy cucumber water in the back.”
“Mmm,” Cas replies noncommittally, already being lured back into sleep by the steady thrum of the rain on the roof and Dean’s warm body against his.
The part with the actual doctor isn’t so bad. Her name is Dr. Sanford, and she looks in Jack’s ears and throat, listens to his heartbeat, knocks his little knees and elbows with the reflex hammer. And she tells Jack that his frog shirt is really cool, which means that Jack is going to love her forever.
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but before he could speak, the door opened and Ziva appeared.
of food, so mac-n-cheese and canned soup and some frozen dumplings and turkey and bread is really enough.
Smaller varieties of apple trees can grow to between six and twenty feet tall, and as Cas bought these trees from the very friendly people at the garden supply store (they now know him by name and he has a loyalty card) in Salina as saplings about a month ago, it should take them three years to reach anything close to those heights.
When Cas came back a few minutes later, he stood at the side of the bed, tilting his head at Dean. “What’s wrong?”
Dean’s asleep again in minutes, and Cas wonders if he’ll remember this conversation in the morning, remember that Cas has admitted to him something he’s been carrying for years.
To be fair, Dean thinks to himself as he tries to tape a box shut without getting the clear packing tape stuck to itself, half of this crap belongs to Cas. Cas took to owning shit like a duck takes to water. The bunker’s kitchen was, until Dean wrapped them all carefully in bubble wrap and newspaper and packed them, full of chipped mugs Cas had picked up on one too many thrift store trips with Jack. While Cas’s trenchcoat still hangs in his (no,
“I’m being serious,” Cas says. “He’s seemed secretive. Normally he talks to me about everything, and I’m worried that–”
Dean has spent the whole week moaning and groaning about breaking up with Lisa, and Cas can understand why. He
Playing in the snow tuckered Jack out, so after lunch he went down for a nap a little earlier than usual. By the time Dean emerged from Jack's room, Cas was about halfway through doing the lunch dishes--they'd had grilled cheese with tomato soup, a snow day favorite for their little family.
After they’re done eating, Sam sighs and leans back before nodding at Cas, who vanishes into the sunroom and comes back a minute later with a slightly lumpy package.
“Cas.” Dean rests his hands on Cas’s shoulders, gentle and reassuring but still firm. “The book will be here tomorrow.”
“It’s…a crossover,” Dean says, glancing at Cas. “Y’know, when you…mashup….fandoms? Yeah. Plus the Kirk costume doesn’t flatter me.”
(“Jackson,” Dean tries to explain to the group later, “Is balancing the knife’s edge between expectation and desire. He thinks he
Bobby makes Dean go over stuff in the Impala with him, double-checking the oil and the tire pressure, while Cas stays inside and plays chess with Sam.
Cas banishes everyone from the garage, so Dean actually helps Sam with research for once instead of avoiding it to work on one of the cars. Cas lets Eileen in on whatever his plan is, though, and since he’s is far better at signing than Sam and Dean, they have no clue what’s going on.
Dean types into the search bar on his phone. He could, technically, ask a pharmacist or something, but he doesn’t want to admit to anyone else that he’s forty-two and has never bought cough medicine.
, that’s how it’s always worked. Cas is telling the women now: born days apart in the same hospital (their moms are best friends), grew up together, and the only people they know who have always seen color, meaning they met their soulmates at…some point.
For Dean Winchester, it means that he’s doing laundry because Cas’s favorite sweater has blood all down the front and now Dean absolutely
(Cas also doesn’t pay attention during the sermon, and Dean knows this because Cas plays footsie with him the entire time.)
“Papa! You’re home!” Jack says, sliding off of Dean’s lap and running to Cas, throwing his arms around Cas’s legs. There’s clearly some blue food coloring in his hair, but Cas figures that’s a problem for later. “Can I wake Daddy up?”
A tall man with dark skin and an oversized flannel on is standing at the stove--Cas assumes this must be Rufus, and his suspicions are confirmed when Rufus says, without turning around, “Sam, you better have your brother with you,” and Dean replies,
“I did wonder...” Dean laughs. “Do you--did you, did real-you have hands?” “No, it was supposed to be symbolic.”
Dean stares at Cas in wonder for a second, thinking that he could reach out and touch him, and then he does, but not to hug or kiss or any of the other dozens of things Dean’s been interested in doing over the years.
Cas is about to turn and head back to their kitchen, where he was making dinner, when he hears Dean say to Jack in a low voice, “I love you.” He squeeze Jack slightly. “Even if you wake me up in the middle of the night all the time. I love you so much.”
The rest of the week passes in relative calm—no more experiments explode on the ISS and Kevin finally gets the mass spectrometer to work but then his electronic microscope decides to take a hike and he finds it in the nanotechnology lab and nearly rips the tech, another post-doc named Daphne, a new one.
Meg rolls her eyes. “Dean Winchester, our best friend and known chick magnet, just turned down a girl at a party by claiming you were his date. And he keeps making out with you--”
“Because those are just words,” she continues. “Words to describe why your brain works the way it works. But those words aren’t
After he’s actually thrown away their trash and they’ve taken a trip to the (grimy, but Cas has seen worse, and so has Dean) rest stop bathroom, they’re back on the road. Cas decides to abandon his research for a little while, content to slide across the bench seat and rest his head on Dean’s shoulder.
But what Dean finds most uncanny (and just a little bit unnerving) isn’t any of those things–it’s the kind of stuff that happens on an ordinary day.
Next, Dean sees his face in a mirror, repeating like a broken record, “My name is Dean Winchester. Mary is my mom. Sam is my brother. Castiel–Cas is my best friend. My name is…Dean Wi–my name…”
“I guess my goal for the new year is to just...keep on living.” Another swig. “Which sounds dumb, huh?”
Before he can head to the stairs, Cas grabs him by the shoulder and presses a kiss to his cheek. Dean turns his head slightly and catches Cas’ lips. It’s a brief kiss, gentle, but it’s also kinda-sorta perfect. Cas pulls away a moment later and waves Dean down the hallway, grinning.
Cas doesn’t respond, and it’s actually kinda hard to tell what he’s thinking when half of his face is covered in a bloody flannel, so Dean reaches out a hand to tug on Cas’s wrist and pull the fabric off.
They sit in silence for a few minutes, just watching the fish in the little pool flipping their fins, until Dean says softly, “I see why you like it out here.”
. I mean, we met in a place for people who…lost things. And I mean, we lost different things, but they don’t…they don’t think I’m crazy.”
Cas can’t help but smile as he opens the door to the garage and sees Dean bent over the Impala’s open hood, tools scattered on the floor, an oil-spattered rag sticking out of his back pocket. The flea market boombox next to him is blaring music, although it’s not what Cas would have expected.
a scene Dean’s seen played out in the grocery store dozens of times, little kids begging their dads for cupcakes or moms carefully choosing what kind of vegetables their kids will like, but it plunges him into cold water, and he freezes up, white-knuckling the grocery cart’s push handle.
Luckily, Cas hasn’t gotten into his godforsaken Lincoln Continental yet, he’s just standing in front of the driver’s door, fumbling with the keys, and Dean seizes him by the shoulder and turns Cas to face him.
“Eggshells in the batter, soap down the pajamas.” Dean sighs, rolling over into Cas. “Wish you were here tonight.”
If Sam, who had been miles away at the time (and had chastised Dean for not calling him and explaining what was happening), knew about what was going on, why there was some kind of weird stalemate going on between them, then he would have knocked Dean’s head six ways ‘til Sunday, but Dean had been determinedly not telling him.
when the splinter is gone, dean presses cas’s palm to his lips--a kiss--and then gently puts a bandage on it.
There’s nothing to do but stay where they are, sprawled across the couch. Cas is making his way through his stack of library books (today’s pick:
Cas decides that ignoring Dean is the best course of action and keeps shaving. “We knew that would happen.”
Castiel isn’t new but he acts like he is, shying away from Dean. The problem is, the librarian’s hot, and Dean was, up until Castiel started a few years ago, pretty sure no dude could look...well, sexy in a cardigan. He was wrong.
“A cake?” Cas looks inside the bag. Sure enough, in a Ralph’s plastic cake carrier, is one of those round $5 cakes you can get at the grocery store.
He lets himself be rolled over, moved until he’s securely tucked against Dean, Dean’s arms wrapped around him, holding him, and Dean intertwines their fingers.
to do is go outside, take walks, see the world, read new books and try new recipes and go on dates with Dean and play scrabble with Sam and Eileen and take Jack to the community pool. What he actually does is sit and stare into space, or sit and stare at the television, or–
. He can’t get out for like fifteen more years, and even if he did, he’s got no one left. Bobby and Rufus can’t stand him, and I can’t blame them.” Dean steels himself. “But I went to see him because...because I don’t want him to forget. He looks at me--” Dean traces the scar on his left cheek. “He looks at me, he
“Shush,” Cas says against Dean’s mouth, and Dean pulls away slightly. “Are you still allowed to call me a dummy?”
Dean presses back down into Cas slowly, using one of his hands to prop himself up and the other to gently cup Cas’s cheek. The kisses are more gentle, fleeting, and Cas feels like Dean is not only holding him but
Tomorrow, Cas’ll probably be good to make the drive home–Dean can spread out blankets in the backseat, let Cas sleep. Maybe he’ll let Cas pick the tapes they listen to, let the rattle of the road lure him into complacency. And when they get back to the bunker, maybe they’ll stay there for a while. Bake some stuff. Binge watch soap operas. Do the laundry. Have game night with the rest of the family.
He knows that Cas isn’t being grumpy on purpose–gloomy days always make whatever’s going on in his roommate’s head worse–but it doesn’t make the storm any more fun. Dean himself is jittery, too; this morning he almost slipped and cracked his head open in their shoebox-sized bathroom after a crack of thunder startled him.
“I have something to show you,” Jack says, and he pulls Cas out of the kitchen and to the back porch.
He regrets not being there for Cas’s first, mourns the circumstances that led to the Enochian on Cas’s waist that he loves to run his fingers across, but he’s here for this one, and Cas says that’s what matters.
conversation….oh, and rosemary is important because it’s foreshadowing, they used to put it on dead bodies.” He flops his head over to look at his friend. “How’d I do?”
No one else drives the Impala and Dean doesn’t ride in a car someone else is driving. Cas hasn’t taken a bath in four years, showers only, so he’s not going to judge Dean’s hang-ups. He’s got his own, and it’s also nice to have someone drive him somewhere.
(If Lorraine had a live-feed of Cas’s consciousness, this is the part where she would tell him that his brain functions well for him personally, and that everyone’s brain is different.)
Eventually, though, they’re there, and Cas is waiting for them at a picnic table outside his building. Jack, once he’s free of his carseat and the child-locked rear car door, runs over to Cas, throwing his tiny arms around Cas’ legs.
, the itchy feeling when he ignores those things, the way he’s so fucking envious of everyone else, everyone who doesn’t go about their day constantly wondering what people are thinking of them or feeling like they’re trapped outside an aquarium tank and everyone else is the fish.
And, no matter how Dean kissed him last weekend, he’s never going to measure up to anyone else Dean could find.
“Neither did I.” Dean grimaces and then looks back at the lukewarm soapy water in the tub. “You sure you’re okay with this?”
Dean sets his bouquet (mostly yellow and white flowers) gently on the kitchen island and comes up behind Cas, wrapping his arms around his husband’s waist.
Dean is always willing to do things Cas likes–the museum, trying new food, watching new TV shows, and once, last year, going to a pride parade downtown. And Dean’s introduced Cas to new stuff, too–Cas now knows way more than any person should know about cowboys, cars, classic rock, and the medical soap opera
“Nah, I got my flu shot. Plus I’m not as old as you.” Dean’s grinning, teasing him, and it does make Cas feel a bit better. “Just wanted to bring you more tea and some new blankets.”
Nebula is busy at this time on a Saturday morning, so they take their breakfast to the park across the street and spread out on a picnic table. Dean is scrolling through a page in his phone again.
guest rooms. It’s sprawling and has a porch and was definitely purchased using a combination of magic and credit card fraud. Cas loves it.)
Sure, he’s gone from place to place, but it’s never been a big ordeal with a moving truck and boxes like in the movies. When he was four, he had nothing, when he was a teenager he had a duffel bag, once he had a trench coat that wasn’t even really his, and that’s been that. There wasn’t much to move into the bunker, even—just some weapons and the duffel bag and the feeling that maybe he could have a real home for once. And that, believe it or not, happened.
Dean’s phone rang about three seconds after he sent the message, and he answered it to Charlie practically guffawing in his ear.
He’s done a lot of research for this garden--what flowers attract bees and butterflies, which vegetables are compatible with each other, how to make the basil prolific, the tomatoes juicy. He reaps the rewards of his labor in calluses on his hands and Dean’s cooking and moments like this, silent moments, moments of solace.
(One of the perks of going to an agricultural university? Your school had its own cows--which means fresh ice cream.)
After the ice cream (Cas is also trying every flavor of that, this week is mint chip) and the cereal comes the check-out, where Cas always picks up a tabloid and flips through it, occasionally showing Dean something. It always ends in Dean taking the magazine from Cas and stuffing it back in the rack, because he’s not gonna buy that shit. He’s never had time for People Magazine before, so why now?
When Cas hazards a glance at Dean, Dean is staring at him, his cheeks pink. Dean opens his mouth, and then shuts it. Cas tilts his head before asking, “What?”
Whatever ounce of composure Dean had left leaves him before Cas can intervene. “You wanna know why I don’t drink?”
“There are still a few days,” he says, and then, in a fit of god-knows-what, he reaches out across the few inches between him and Cas to find Cas’ hand. In turn, Cas laces their fingers together, and when Dean looks at him, he’s smiling.
They’re having their rehearsal in the soundstage they’re using, where the set is partially built--Dean just knows that he’s going to spend all of Thursday night
Samuel, Sam, Sammy, his little brother, getting hitched, for real this time. Sam had practically bawled at Dean’s wedding, hadn’t been able to make it through his toast at the reception (which actually worked in Dean’s favor, because it was actually a pretty embarrassing speech).
Castiel’s expression turned from stony to grateful. “I--thank you, Ned. That’s very nice of you. Do you know--”
Cas’s eyes flutter open to see Jack holding a birdhouse in his arms. Cas can tell from the rough corners and one of the nails being at an odd angle that it’s homemade, but it’s painted bright yellow, with bees all over the roof, and a little black perch in front of where the birds enter.
They walk along the river for a while until it’s properly dark, and then they take the subway back to their apartment. Cas likes to take the subway this time of day, when there are a lot of interesting characters heading out. Their car empties out, though, before it gets to their neighborhood, and that’s when Dean nudges him.
The ride to the hospital was a quiet one--Ziva and Gibbs took one of the cars with Sam and Castiel, while McGee and Tony stayed behind to do some research. Ziva could hear the civilians whispering in the backseat, but when she turned to ask them what they were talking about, Gibbs stopped her with a hand to her forearm.
“Well, I...I got zapped to the future. Or a future, I guess, by Zachariah. It was...2014 there, the world was overrun by this plague and zombies, Sam was...gone, he had said yes to Lucifer for good, and I met another version of myself who was...he wasn’t a great guy. Pretty cold and ruthless, willing to use people he cared about as bait or put them in harm’s way. He didn’t care about much anymore.” “I assume I wasn’t in this world?” Castiel asks.
“C’mon, Jack,” he says. “Stop–no, don’t tug on the dog’s tail. She doesn’t like that.” Dean scoops up his four-year-old and balances him on one hip while trying to grab his bag with the other. “We’re going to be late if we don’t leave now.”
“Nothing,” Gibbs said, tossing his keys onto his desk. “He’s going to talk to Abby and Ducky, see if he can remember something.”
On day twenty-three of Dean’s ongoing pray-to-my-weird-godly-son-thing breakdown (that includes a lot of
They chat it up as the line keeps going, although mostly it’s just Lisa and Dean, because neither Cas nor Daphne seem that interested in talking, which is fine by Cas.
had some fun showers together before, but getting each other off under the hot spray is a far cry from what’s happening at the present moment. Dean’s sitting cross-legged on the floor of the shower, with Cas behind him, washing his hair. Dean’s whole body aches, and even under the water, his nose is streaming.
“Or whatever,” Dean teases, going in for a kiss and missing the first time because of the darkness of their room.
“I wasn’t...upset,” Dean tried, and Cas stared at him. “I mean,” he continued, “It wasn’t a bad view.”
Dean thinks the time to himself while he scrambles eggs for breakfast, while he works on the Impala, while he digs six feet under for a salt-n-burn, in the shower, while he walks the dog…it’s never not there. Cas’ presence is endless despite his absence, his declaration a constant loop in Dean’s brain.
Dean. Dean, though…he needs to do something. Feed Cas. Cook for him. Clothe him. Show him movies he think’s Cas’ll like. Help him learn to shoot without his angelic senses. Stitch him up. Let him know that for all that came before, he loves Cas. So much. Too much. Just enough.
Cas is just…everything), and his giant of a little brother has Eileen, and he’s got a kid who’s willing to turn to him for comfort, and Dean knows that everything’s gonna be alright.
Cas lets himself be dragged out of bed so that Dean’s stomach can find something to eat, and tries not to let his own stomach twist up in knots because Dean hasn’t brought up the kiss.
(When he inevitably falls back asleep in Dean’s arms, Dean sweetens the deal by letting him sleep in
Conversation dies down for a second, everyone taking polite sips of their drink, and Charlie decides to broach the subject that is the whole reason she invited her coworkers out for drinks.
“Okay.” Dean sits back, and Cas can see his whole face--brilliantly flushed, hair everywhere, gaze heavy on Cas. He grabs the box of condoms and pulls one out.
“That it’s Castiel. At least a couple more.” Dean winks at Cas and then mixes another round of two-for-one margaritas for the three girls at the end of the bar--they’ll have to be cut off after these, though.
About a month after he comes back, Castiel is shocked out of his meditative nighttime state by Dean shaking his shoulder. Castiel sits up. “What’s wrong?”
He does not speak much, for he doesn’t quite know what to say. He never expected to come back, and to be alive again, and alive as a human, is almost too much. Castiel is feeling things more deeply now: pain, love, hope, joy, sorrow.
–I was trying to…” Dean ran his hands through his hair. “I was trying to be funny about this because I was nervous but…” Dean looked up at Cas, fixing him with a stare.
“Lucky you got there first,” Dean finally replies. “Cuz otherwise he’d be in urgent care with a broken jaw. More than a bloody nose to cry home about.”
Cas laughs, and they they kiss again, almost giddy with it, and then Cas remembers that Dean has work in about seven hours and tries to prod him back to bed. Dean just rolls his eyes and pulls both of them into Cas’ bed.
At first, Dean quips that Cas must not be a morning person, but eventually he realizes the truth: Cas just can’t get out of bed. He feels tethered to the mattress, and dragging himself off of it takes all of the effort he can muster.
Cas thinks. He was pretty sure they got a queen—sure, they were trying to save money by booking a room with one bed—but they didn’t want to be sleeping on top of each other.
(Cas doesn’t love that he can’t remember the last time that he felt well-rested, but he supposes that the benefits outweigh the negatives.)
Cas is just trying to figure out where his cleanest pair of jeans has decided to hide after halfway making the bed when he hears the front door open. He gives up the search for jeans–it’s not like anyone cares if he wears sweatpants to class–and steps out into the hallway (which is more like one square of tile, really) to see Dean standing there, fully dressed, holding two cups of coffee with a takeout bag dangling off of his arm.
“We’ll start looking tomorrow,” Dean says, and Cas brings Dean’s head back up with a hand to kiss him.
“There isn’t any use in trying to hide it from you,” Dean says. “You saw all the bottles. Every time you leave...I tell myself it’s because you’re like family, and you are, but not quite--”
He’s contemplating just turning around and leaving when he feels a hand on his shoulder and turns around. It’s Dean, and he looks...well, Castiel doesn’t always swear, but
“She’s...one of our most solid leads right now,” Ziva said gently. “One the lieutenant remembers what happened, even a little bit, we might be able to make more headway.”
(Dean can’t blame him--he knows what it’s like to have your mind replay your worst hits. But he doesn’t want Cas to feel like he’s alone or a burden.)
“You’re a pretty likable person,” Dean says, shoving Cas slightly, “You’ll prolly be fine. They don’t like me much, though.”
He remembered his dad teaching him to drive—when Dean was learning, the Impala was new, so Dean wasn’t allowed to drive it, but he drove his dad’s old truck. They spent afternoons on the road, and Dean learned how not to kill the engine, how to press down on the gas and lift up on the clutch in perfect tandem, how to ram the gear shift to the side and back to go in reverse.
Normally Cas is an animated chatterbox, even when he’s drunk or deliriously sleepy (especially then, and it’s maybe-kinda-sorta adorable), but tonight he’s dead silent and even turns away from Dean as he puts his pajamas on. He lays next to Dean in the bed, stiff as a board.
Right now they’re at the farmer’s market (which is, because it’s Cas’s favorite place to go, Jack’s favorite place to go). Sam and Eileen are somewhere, buying way too many leafy greens for Dean’s taste, and Dean is attempting commander some strawberries to make a tart.
and while nothing is ever so easily fixed, they are together this time around. Nobody sleeps alone on the floor of a gas station and no one dies–not anymore, anyways.)
The movie is actually pretty good–Dean would never admit it to Cas, but he likes the kinds of movies Cas always chooses, movies where there are saccharine love stories and happy endings. Cas has had his fair share of troubles–Dean knows, after three years of friendship, that part of the reason Cas is at college and in a run-down apartment with the likes of Dean Winchester is that he needed an escape.
“I--Cas, it’s twelve in the fucking morning.” Dean sighs and sits down next to him. “This couldn’t wait?”
(Not that he dislikes watching TV with Jack, but...they’ve been doing it a lot for the past few days.)
The thing is, our bodies don’t want to die. If we start suffocating in our sleep, they wake. If we try to drown ourselves, they thrash to get out of the water. If we swallow something toxic, our body forces us to throw up. The body fights against starvation, against wounds, against everything.
Cas cups his hands, and Dean pours a few pretzels out of the bag. “How long until we board?” Cas asks, popping one into his mouth.
“Because it was a stupid accident,” Dean continues. “I mean, I--none of us realized how bad it was. Because he just got like that. And it wasn’t different from any other night, which might be fucked up. But it should have--”
Cas is sitting outside the tent, wearing a sweatshirt and flannel pajamas and a pair of thick, wollen socks. They decided to come to Colorado, and even in mid-September the mountains are chilly. As Dean sits next to him, easing himself onto the leaves that have drifted to the ground, Cas hands him a thermos of hot cider.
too late playing board games and shooting the shit with Donna and Jody and the girls. Dean notices that Claire’s got an arm slung around Kaia, and he can’t help but smile a little bit.
Cas’s face is turned towards him, only the glow of the TV defining his features, and he’s mere inches away. “Did you like the movie?” Cas asks.
The space between slumber and wakefulness is a golden field of opportunity if your partner likes to cuddle, and Dean’s been with Cas long enough to know that in a few minutes, Cas’s eyes will slowly open.
Dean cranes his head to look at Cas, who is currently using Dean as a pillow. “You’ve been back for fourteen hours! What did you disagree about?”
Cas hasn’t been home since August, when he left for the semester, because Pontiac is about eight hours away, but he talks to either his mom or his dad at least once a week. Naomi is busy with teaching though, and Chuck is a bit absent-minded. He’s a writer, and he has depression like Cas.
To be fair, there’s some cool stuff to see, and Dean’s never really gotten a chance to sight-see, so that’s been nice, and the metro does make it easy to get around, but
care, because he enjoys walking through it. The lights are just the right amount of bright, the grey carpets calming, the whole atmosphere...relaxed.
Dean Winchester is probably the whole catalyst for the existence of Milton’s Flowers. They met in their freshman year British Literature class, and Dean
And that was how Dean found himself where he was now, standing in the middle of the bunker’s library, staring at Cas’ back.
“I don’t know what you expected from hotel coffee,” Cas replies, taking a sip of his own. “You’re right. This stuff sucks.”
Perhaps it’s a cliche to say that the memories of last night (this morning?) come rushing back to him with Dean’s chest to his back, but it’s accurate.
He takes Cas through the room to the window seat and flops down on it, the bench creaking. Cas sits down more gingerly, setting his jungle juice on the floor and tugging on the collar of his button-down.
“You have to carry me, Daddy,” Jack demands when Dean tries to set him down and hey, if Jack can write his name and read a handful of words, he can
This took Cas longer to answer–he stared out their window, eventually propping his chin in his hand. Dean took the time to let his gaze rake over his friend–the messy, dark hair, the bluest blue eyes, the rumpled sweatpants, sweatshirt, and bee-patterened slipper socks.
Cas watches him, follows the furrow of Dean’s brow with his eyes as he tilts Cas’ chin with one hand, shaving with the other. The first time they did this, Dean nicked him, and Cas said it was fine but Dean pays extra close attention now.
Castiel doesn’t sleep, but when Dean finally heads back to his room to check on Jack and then try and get his four hours, Dean grabs Castiel by the trench coat sleeve. He stays, takes the pair of pajamas Dean sheepishly offers, finds himself curled around Dean in the big bed that doesn’t seem so big anymore. Neither Dean or Jack wake up all night.
“It’s, uh. Yeah.” Dean stares determinedly out of the windshield. “Thought you’d like some. S’your favorite, right?”
“’S early,” Cas says, yawning and reaching for Dean’s coffee. Dean pulls it away from him and Cas tilts his head up at Dean, frowning.
way about him, the way Dr. Moseley (his English professor and the faculty sponsor of KSU’s book club) was implying.
Cas stares up at him in wonder, and then smiles. It’s a slow, small, thing, but it cracks Dean’s chest open, and it’s good, so good.
And then he keeps doing it, keeps on kissing Dean, even though this is terrifying, because this makes the idea of losing him infinitely large.
“Yeah, but you coulda become that guy.” Dean’s fidgeting now, uncomfortable. “Anyways, after that it was...yeah. You know how things went, you were there. A lot of shit went down, and I tried not to think about that future I saw.”
Hoping to catch Cas off balance, Dean tosses a wink at him, which turns out to be a dangerous move, because Cas just bends lower over him and whispers, lips close enough to brush his ear and make him shiver, “So you want to play it that way?”
When Castiel gets to the venue, he can already tell that he isn’t going to like this. He doesn’t go out much, he doesn’t drink to excess, and it’s loud and dark.
) as he takes a drink and then runs a hand for his hair as he stares at the sun. The shadows and warm orange glow cast Cas’ cheekbones in sharp relief, and his eyes seem more blue than ever as he turns to Dean with a grin.
Jack was a little picky, so convincing him to eat all of his breakfast was tricky on a normal day, and the snow provided an extra distraction. Cas gave up trying to get Jack to eat just one forkful of eggs and let Dean trade his apples for Jack's bacon. But Cas couldn't help being just as excited as Jack. While it snowed fairly often where they lived, it was usually just a dusting of snow, not enough for snowball fights or building snowmen or making snow angels.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam said, furrowing his brow as he watched the angel rummage through the fridge, “What’s up? I thought you were helping Dean fix up some stuff in the garage.”
“You’re my best friend. I would choose to hang out with you, any day.” Dean tugs on his wrist. “Now let’s go, we’re falling behind.”
Dean brings Cas’s hand close, almost shyly, before pulling it up and brushing his lips across Cas’s knuckles. “Better?”
“What else was I supposed to think?” Cas frowns, but he can’t look Dean in the eye. “You were...doing that thing that you’ve talked about. Turning on the charm?”
been around since the beginning of time, but it’s pretty close. He remembers the earliest sunrises and sunsets over an angry, rocky Earth, one full of fire rivaling the sun, movements of time and space that not many others were present to witness.
Claire hefts Jack onto one hip so that she can pick up dishes and toss them into the sink, and, to Dean’s utter shock, Emma doesn’t complain about helping but instead grabs a rag and starts wiping the counters. Dean rolls up the sleeves of his flannel and gets to work at the sink.
Lorraine shakes her head. “For you, it makes perfect sense. You’re the sort of person who likes to see things through. And I don’t just mean in terms of your daily life--also in terms of your recovery.”
“Oh, no, people cook sometimes, but we’re on the go today. C’mon, there’s a lot more that I want to show you.”
Dean must have noticed Cas’s moment of pontification, because he stilled his hand. “Do you want to stop? You can say at any--”
He couldn’t help the jealously that coiled in his gut at the thought of Cas being in love with someone, but he tried to push it away, because Cas deserved a life, even if Dean didn’t really have one anymore.
to be on a date, although Dean’s realized recently that if this (driving at night, listening to his favorite tapes, pulling over to look at the stars) counts as a date, then he and Cas have been going on dates for well over a decade.
The fact that Dean doesn’t know anybody here isn’t as much of a problem as Dean anticipated, because
Things got better in the bunker–you don’t hear storms when you’re buried underground. But he’s not in the bunker anymore, he’s in an honest-to-god house, and it’s a house that’s creaking as the roof is pummeled with rain. The only thing Dean can see outside the window is inky blackness and the occasional ultra-neon
Kevin is standing right outside the office door, shaking his head. “I’m not sure we deserve our doctorates, Charlie.”
Dean looks down to Jack, his face partially pressed into Dean’s chest. Jack is no longer openly sobbing but still has tear streaks down his face. .
“How’re you feeling?” Dean asked, walking towards him and reaching a hand out to feel his forehead. It was still warm, although less so than it had been this morning.
they’re comfortable). Dean’s head ends up in Cas’ lap during movie night. They hold hands in the grocery store and share a shower and fold laundry together.
(She also wonders how her boss would react to the knowledge that she has a tattoo of Princess Leia in a slave bikini straddling a twenty-sided die. She decides not to tell him, because some drunken Comic Con events are best kept secret.)
Cas carefully pushes open the back door and there they are: Dean, spread out on the porch swing, Jack in his lap, both fast asleep. Cas steps toward them quietly, but apparently not quietly enough, because Jack’s eyes flutter open and then a gummy smile breaks over his little face.
on his bed later when he hears their apartment’s front door open and shut--presumably, it’s Cas returning. Cas says something Sam can’t hear, but Dean’s angry response is definitely audible.
“So get--oh, hey, Jack. Why are you standing outside the kitchen?” Sam gave Jack a once-over. “Is something wrong? Did Dean let Cas help him cook again so now there’s soup all over the floor?”
remember is how scarily calm he was as he assembled what he needed to sedate himself enough to drown. He’d been gathering pills for weeks behind his parents’ backs.
Which is why, when he spots Dean with a group of what look to be students, chatting excitedly, Cas briefly considers faking his death or finding a way to spontaneously move to another continent.
Dean rushes back to the kitchen, Jack in tow, to find the floor completely covered with flour. Claire looks like she’s about to murder Emma.
He’s about to march off through the market with the bouquet in hand when he sees the note tucked underneath the jar written in Dean’s crooked handwriting.
(At least Jack likes Elton John and not Baby Shark so they can listen to some cool music. He’s obsessed with the “crocodile song.”)
Cas wants to go back inside soon--his broken leg, only a few weeks from getting out of the cast, is starting to ache--but right now he’s content.
Cas just sighs and sets the medicine bottle back on the nightstand next to the tea before turning off the lights and climbing into bed next to Dean. In usual Cas fashion, he plasters himself against Dean’s back, wrapping his arms around Dean’s torso, his breath warm on Dean’s neck.
When Dean finds himself sitting at a picnic table a few minutes later with a sweating cup of strawberry lemonade, a much happier Jack, and a practically beaming Cas talking to him about lavender honey, he realizes that the stress from the start of his day is beginning to fade.
“Your knuckles might bruise,” Meg adds, once Cas is safely upright again. “That’s the most creative way I’ve ever seen anyone throw a punch.”
“I didn’t really...want to?” Cas shrugs, avoids Dean’s gaze as Dean brings his head up from Cas’s shoulder.
That reason’s name is Cas Milton, and Cas sits next to him in Intro to English Literature, taking thorough, color-coded notes with borderline terrifying precision and speed. Cas always lets Dean borrow his notes to copy and is often game for a study session at the campus coffee shop.
Jack keeps crying, so Dean follows it up with a towel, one of his flannels, a pair of Jack’s pajamas, and Cas’s favorite dark green hoodie. Eventually, all the laundry is out of the dryer, and Jack’s shrieks have shifted into giggles.
At the end of a long day, Cas likes to decompress and completely turn his brain off. Staring at his phone probably isn’t the
(At this point, Cas realizes that he totally missed what Dean had said previously because he was somewhere in his own head, and he attempts to figure out what’s going on.)
have to convince him to come with you.” The Empty snaps its fingers, and suddenly Dean’s not kneeling next to Cas on a blank, black landscape anymore–everything is white. It makes Dean think of his mom, and their kitchen when he was a kid, before she died, and the scenery transforms into the kitchen, complete with figures of him and his mom. She’s making a pie, letting four-year-old Dean sneak a few sugary apples out of the filling.
Dean’s emotions sometimes come fast, like a riptide, and at the asscrack of dawn he’s a lot more vulnerable. It’s hard to believe that Jack is four, even harder to believe that Jack is four and wants to live in his house (his
October 14th was the tipping point--nothing would ever be the same. Cas, living in an apartment with his best friend that he met in a grief support group he goes to because of the events of October 14th, is painfully aware of that.
“Because,” Dean lifts his head to look at Cas, “I married a maniac who gets up at the asscrack of dawn to watch the grass grow and take baths.”
Dean pulled one of the cans off the six-pack and went to stand over the sink. He pulled another one off and tossed it to Cas. “C’mere.”
“You got it.” Cas follows Meg and Dean out and back into the late afternoon sunlight, the air cool and crisp.
“…I’m angry.” Jack sounds shattered, and Dean pauses. Jack looks up at him, eyelashes wet and voice small. “Why am I still mad at him, Dean? I brought him back! He’s here!”
. Half of Dean’s horticulture homework is flashcards, and because Dean is trying to avoid doing stuff for his required math class, he takes his time drawing all the plants on the cards.
And Cas’s things, too, his toothpaste and face wash that smelled like watermelons (Jack had picked it out).
“There are a lot of fun things we could do on this mattress,” Dean counters, “But not if it’s stuck on the staircase.”
Four minutes may not seem like a lot of time, but it’s just enough for Cas’ favorite part of his morning routine. While Cas busies himself with finding the cream and honey and his favorite spoon for stirring his tea and the little ceramic dish with bees and flowers on it that he likes to set his tea bag on, Dean will invariably shuffle into their kitchen, switch on the coffeemaker that he prepped the night before, and then drape himself over Cas.
Gardening, he’s discovered, is much of the same. Cas wanted to draw patterns, carefully measure, sift through the dirt, check the pH of the soil. But Dean built the raised beds by laying the pieces of wood together and marking with a pencil, doing the screws by hand. He eyeballs the distance between the pea plants, guesses the melons are big enough.
Jack slowly nods again. “I think I’ll do that.” He gets up and throws his arms around Dean’s neck. “Thank you, Dean.”
He’s got one hand on Cas’s waist, the other clutching Cas’s hand between them, and for just a minute, all of the background noise in Cas’s head goes silent.
Before long, the pancakes are ready, and they’re all crammed in around the breakfast nook’s table. Dean has to creatively prevent Jack from feeding Miracle bits of sausage under the table, and Cas knocks over the syrup with his elbow, but, as always, their family breakfasts are full of laughter and cheerful conversation (and Eileen and Cas getting annoyed with Dean and Sam’s bickering and having conversations that Dean can’t even hope to understand, because apparently
He’s just feeling like an A-plus parent, with his formerly screaming toddler snuggled against his chest, when Jack asks, “Can you still make pizza tonight?”
“Is this what you always eat?” Castiel asks. It makes even less sense for there to be a large kitchen if it’s not being used.
He’s used to being abruptly pulled from slumber by his alarm clock, especially on a Monday morning, but instead he slowly comes to awareness, noticing where he is. It’s not his room, for one--Cas always closes the blinds at night, and there’s sunlight streaming in through the windows. And for some reason the blanket smells like Dean’s aftershave. And he’s naked. And--
isn’t on the coffee table in the living room where Cas left it, so he goes on another search; he checks the laundry room, his bedside table, the kitchen, Dean’s workshop, and then outside on the front porch, where he finds the book laying on the swing, which is his favorite place to sit and read in the mornings while he drinks his tea.
Cas turns away from the flowerpot and towards Dean, a gummy, half-caffeinated smile on his face, and Dean’s pretty sure this is the happiest moment of his life. He thinks that all the time–when he spots Cas reading on their front porch, or when Cas is breathing gently on his neck in the early morning, or when they take the dog for a walk and Cas stops to look at all the flowers–but that doesn’t make it any less true.
. It’s “technically” not a frat house, because no one strictly lives there, but it’s one of the most popular party spots, and according to Meg it’s a good Halloween choice because “Ruby definitely won’t be there, she’ll be busy being hedonistic somewhere else.”
“Hey,” Cas says softly, shutting the door behind him. Dean’s room is dark, lit only by the streetlights. “Meg’s finding a movie. You were right, we should have started with that.” When there’s no response, he sits down next to Dean on the bed. “I’m sorry.”
And maybe it’s Cas’s certainty about him that causes years of resolve to slip, but Dean decides to reach for Cas’s hand across the table, over their stacks of textbooks and his calculus homework and Cas’s Ovid. It’s the barest brush of fingers, but it’s enough. More than enough.
shoulder, and there’s a familiar searing pain, and Dean is flooded with warmth. When he pulls away, Cas is smiling at him.
Dean takes a glance over at Sam and Eileen, Sam’s arm wrapped around her and her head on his shoulder, and can’t help but smile. His family is here, and they’re happy and
Cas’s face falls, and Dean instantly regrets his words, but the ball is already rolling, so he keeps going.
“I didn’t,” Cas says, as gently as he can manage. Dean looks like he’s on the verge of tears, and Cas wants him to just
Working on a car is, apparently, a good distraction. Cas is starting to see the appeal, why Dean takes such good care of the Impala and finds working on it relaxing. In the past hour and a half, Bobby has taught him how to change oil, check tire pressure, refill coolant, and has even shown him how to jack up a car and change a tire.
Cas had thought that maybe, after a few years, he would fall for someone else, but that hadn’t happened.
And Charlie hadn’t treated Dean’s bisexuality like it was something weird he’d needed to hide, which meant that from that moment he could never give her up. While Meg was the director for their film, Charlie and Dean had assembled the team, had been dreaming of working on a project together since that one time they bingewatched all the
(Later that night when they’re curled up on the couch because they moved all the furniture in their bedroom to paint, Dean will know, even with a spring digging into his back, indicating that their thrift store couch isn’t gonna cut it anymore, that he made the right choice.)
The rest of the group settles in eventually--there haven’t been any new arrivals in about a month now. The group tends to stay the same throughout the semester, although occasionally someone drops in.
After Cas leaves, Benny elbows Dean and winks at him. Dean decides to pretend not to know Benny for the rest of their shift.
Elder shuts the cabinet and hands Castiel a neatly wrapped block of something, which Castiel picks at the corner of, curiously peeling off the plastic. “Energy bars,” Elder explains. “We had just a couple of fruit ones left. The other ones taste kind of like sawdust. This kind,” he waves his own energy bar, “tastes like
I expect the house to still be intact. You mess with Cas’s mug collection and we’re gonna have a problem.”
Dean looks over from arranging the chairs in front of their new fireplace to see Cas rummaging through the kitchen cabinets.
“He said I better start imagining--” Dean started. “It just doesn’t make sense. She doesn’t even know me that well.”
He and Dean had graduated high school together, gone to college together, and remained roommates throughout. And now it was January of their first year out of undergrad, and they were still living together, because why do anything else?
But Cas does this sometimes--gets in his head. He’s told Dean that the Empty replays your worst memories, over and over, and he was stuck there until Dean yanked him out, with help from Sam, Rowena, and God-Jack. And sometimes the memories come back.
“I wish Sammy was here to geek out about everything here,” Dean said, turning his wheelchair around to look at Abby’s lab. “Kid would love this.”
–his blue eyes narrowing in concentration, the collar of his shirt drooping down to expose a tanned collarbone, his dark hair almost impressively messy–
seems to know Cas. At some point, they get cornered by the priest’s wife, who waxes poetic over the cookies they brought and then turns her attention to Dean.
Dean shifts, his thighs knocking against Cas’s knees. He clutches a handful of blankets and pulls, and without thinking, Cas yanks it from him.
At the current moment, Dean’s up in front of their class, reading something he wrote. Cas should be taking notes, because they’re supposed to critique their classmates’ work, but he’s having a lot of trouble paying attention to the words Dean’s saying and not Dean himself. He’s transfixed by the movement of Dean’s mouth as he shapes the words, by the change in his voice’s cadence as he switches characters in the piece.
He wasn’t the first angel and he wasn’t the last, and even though he was a seraph the ranks were vast and he faded into the background, simply
“Don’t worry.” Cas straightens up and leans over Jack’s head to kiss Dean. “Jack can be very convincing."
Cas is about to find a way to lean in when Dean beats him to it, clumsily grabbing a fistful of Cas’s hoodie and yanking him down. Cas misses by a mile, hitting the pillow with his face instead of Dean. They dissolve into a tangle of laughter, and then Dean leans in and kisses his smile, gentle and warm.
Ned nodded in agreement and then waved goodbye to everyone before departing the bullpen for his cubicle.
opera, but “other people hate it more.” (He actually uses the air quotes.) Three, Cas has a pet cat named Houdini--and he has actually met Houdini. Four, Cas owns
Eventually, the sun finishes cresting over the horizon, capitalizing its performance with a flourish of pink, orange, and purple, and Cas finds himself ready to return.
Cas is right. They’re snowed in, so no hunts, and Sam can coerce someone else into doing the cataloguing that doesn’t need to be done, and Jack will happily find something to do by himself.
Jack turns at the sound of their footsteps and tries to block the stove. “You can’t look. It’s a surprise.”
Castiel nods. “I’m anticipating getting our physical experiments back so that we can observe them better than just data and images can tell us.”
After a few minutes of silence that Cas spends perusing the TV’s channel guide (and wondering if the TV still works), Dean asks, “How’d you figure out that you could heal people?”
“It’s for a recipe,” Dean says, pulling a folded-up magazine cutout from his pocket. “Not that he cooks, but he keeps getting these home and garden magazines at the library book sale and then just leaving a stack of recipes on the kitchen island for me to deal with.”
eventually faded out on the radio to another song, and since this station was more of Cas’ fare than Dean’s, he switched back to one of his tapes and pounded the gas. Baby was going to need a real good tune-up after this, but she was gonna deserve it.
Meg’s voice is coming from above water, somehow, and then suddenly Cas surfaces and finds that he’s lying on the concrete.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine, Dean,” Cas says mildly. Dean huffs and puts on the brake before pulling the keys out of the ignition.
(Sam’s been threatening to move out, and Dean thinks it’s actually a pretty good idea. They could all use real homes, could treat the bunker like a hunting base, and Eileen deserves a nice house. She deserves a hell of a lot, really, since she’s putting up with Sam.)
Dean shrugs. He’s glad for the dim lighting because he just knows his face is getting redder the longer this conversation goes on. He fidgets with the cuff of his flannel with the hand not holding his drink and stares off into space.
“Not important, Cas. So, when you’re screwing--” Sam fought a chuckle at Dean's word choice, “--You wanna turn it right to tighten, left to loosen. Righty-tighty, lefty-loosey.”
“Oh Dean,” Cas replies, leaning in. He catches Dean’s jaw with his lips, then moves and they’re kissing properly. He says against Dean’s mouth, “It’s never a hardship.”
It’s to be expected; when God stops pulling the strings long enough for you to finally stop drinking and
Cas took a deep breath and moved back, despite how much he wanted to stay close to Dean. “I’m not taking it back. If it makes you uncomfortable, I can leave, but I’m not going to lie–”
,” Tony said. “2001, Naomi Watts and Jeanne Bates? Woman gets into a car wreck that renders her an amnesiac?”
The trouble had started about a month ago, when Dean’s longtime boyfriend, Cas, had decided to come out to his parents, which they were all supportive of. Their rag-tag group of friends–Charlie (high school physics teacher), Sam (law student), Benny (tattoo artist extraordinaire), and Meg (roller derby coach)–had, along with Dean (mechanic), spent several nights counseling Cas (English doctoral candidate) about how to come out.
causes Dean to sit up and prop his head up on his hands. He stares at Cas, who’s just looking at him serenely. “But we don’t….celebrate Easter,” Dean counters. “Or any religious holiday, really.”
But he doesn’t know how to explain that to Cas, Cas who promised to stay with him until the end of it all, Cas who helped save him, Cas who he almost killed. The same hands that are making this bread beat his best friend’s face to a pulp.
. The monster they set out to get is still out there. John Winchester has been dead for decades but his instructions still have a vice-grip on Dean. He knows he’s driving too fast and the music is too loud, but he just wants to get back to the motel and throw himself into the shower, wash this all off.
“What about a kiddie pool like last summer?” Dean suggests, finally standing up. To be honest, he’s more interested in if Cas will take Victor’s open invitation, even if drinks at Ash’s parties are
“What time is it?” Cas asks as Dean settles in next to him, their bodies pressed close together, overlapping slightly to fit.
When Dean figures out how to use his windpipe again, he chokes out, “Get off!” only it comes out as more of a growl than real words. Whatever it is on top of him gets the message, though, and Dean relaxes.
He slides back into bed but sits up against the headboard to eat his toast, his feet finding Cas’ shins. Cas jerks awake a moment later and glares at Dean.
In a way, he was right. His life’s a hell of a lot more peaceful than before–he hunts when he wants to, because he wants to, not because of some crazy sense of duty that used to make him work himself to the bone. He has a house, now–he’ll never regret the bunker, his first true home since a long-burned house in Lawrence, but it’s nice to wake up to sunshine and walk outside and have an honest-to-god deck. Then there’s the whole deal with Cas–Dean had told Jack once that
“You’ve been making a lot of bread.” Cas walks around the island, stands just slightly outside of Dean’s personal space. “Are you okay?”
Something that Cas thinks about sometimes is not only how he’s changed because of his attempt, but how his family changed. The only time Cas has ever seen his father cry was when Chuck Milton came to the hospital to see him.
Cas manages to tear himself away from the scene enough to talk to Daphne about the difficulties of formatting academic papers, and that’s when Dean and Lisa finally make an active appearance in the conversation.
"After breakfast." With Jack in tow, Cas turned to the stove and pressed a kiss to his husband's cheek. "I take it neither of us don't have work today?"
Which means that Dean had to find Cas’s truck keys in the jeans he’d worn two days ago, get in the truck, and sort through Cas’s steadily-growing tape collection. And did he want to listen specifically to this song or did he just grab the first Elton John tape he found?
As they walk through the house, Sam’s telling them about one of his classes (he decided to go back to college at a university a couple towns over, after all was said and done), but he stops short when he sees all the people in the kitchen.
Rooming with Castiel Milton for the second year in a row had been a no-brainer. Dean hadn’t met anyone he wanted to live with more, and he knew Cas’ schedule. Sure, Cas was what Dean’s fellow physics majors called an ““English weirdo,” but since they studied things like rocket science, Dean wasn’t sure he had room to call anyone else
Cas is jerked out of his thoughts by the front door banging open and then Dean saying in a teasing voice, “Honey, I’m home!”
They settle down to watch the movie–for the first half, Jack sprawls out on his own blanket, getting popcorn everywhere (it occurs to Dean that he’s going to end up sweeping the garage later, isn’t he?), but halfway through Jack moseys on over to Dean and Cas’ blanket and shoves himself in between them, decidedly not fully cognizant of the fact that he’s
“True.” Dean removes his hand, traces it up Cas’s side while he leans in to kiss him, and Cas leans into the touch.
Cas’s reaction happens slowly and then all at once. One second, he’s staring at Dean, almost blankly (although it’s hard to read his expression because, once again, flannel on his face), and then the next second he’s dropped the fabric and is kissing Dean.
Cas turns his head on the pillow so he can look at Dean, his back muscles flexing under Dean’s fingers as he does so.
the plot mcthickens once again! next update on Tuesday....what do you think Alastair has to do with the crime? and is Daphne innocent or not?
“Let’s go. You don’t wanna be here? Let’s do something else.” Dean snags a server and plucks Castiel’s glass out of his hand, putting both their drink glasses on the tray.
“And what about after college?” Dean asks around a mouthful of tater tot. “I mean, you’re gonna go out into the world, right?”
Besides going to Cas’ knitting circle a couple of times, Dean hasn’t actually been to the church Cas is all gung-ho about, but he finds himself there at ten am on Easter Sunday in his nicest pair of jeans and an untucked flannel. They came in Cas’ truck, early, because
how he met Dean and Meg, and he’s not really sure what he would do without them, but everyone else has this whole...well.
“Well, not exactly. We….we slept in his bed. Afterwards. And then this morning he said he had an errand to run.”
“Yeah.” Meg grimaces. “I’m about to yak just thinking about it. But Cas, you gotta listen to me, okay? I spend at least sixty percent of my time with you and Dean, and you guys are annoying. Not just because Dean gets pissy if we don’t watch an action movie or whatever, but you’re annoying
The porch is one of Cas’s favorite things about the house–it wraps around the back, connecting to the front (so it’s really all one porch), and there’s a swing on both sides of the house. In addition to his little garden, Cas has boxes of flowers on the porch railings and flowerpots on the stairs.
“Look,” Tony said, “Gibbs is the master. He knows just where to twist the knife, make someone cry uncle. He could get Dr. Allen there to confess to crimes she hadn’t even realized she’d committed.”
he told himself. They had other things to deal with, like getting their reward out of this whole ordeal.
Since that day, while the other students shun Dean, Cas has become, he hopes, Dean’s friend. They work on assignments together outside of class, meet up at the library at least once a week. Cas learns things like: Dean’s minoring in creative writing, that’s why he’s in this class. Yes, his engineering friends make fun of him for it. He likes to work on cars and has a part-time job at an auto shop (cars are why he likes engineering). Dean likes cowboy movies but also sci-fi (which is why, he claims,
Now would be a great time--they’re already close, but instead of the closeness burning Cas, like it might have before, it’s a comforting balm. They’re in the shower--Cas had said he didn’t need help, that only his leg (with the cast currently wrapped in plastic to repel the hot spray) was broken.
he deleted) and then he sits up. Dean fully expects to learn more sleepytime culinary secrets but then the lamp clicks on and he sees Cas’s face in sharp relief.
Just as they’re about to pile into the Impala and Jody’s car to head downtown, Claire grabs Dean’s arm and looks him up and down. “That’s what you’re wearing?”
. He loves it, always has. Going to the movies to see something on the big screen, watching his favorite films over and over to notice new things, trying to find all the information he could about movies he liked, about how they were made.
Cas is just crossing to the escalators to get to the lobby when he runs straight into someone and all of his books fall out of his arms and clatter to the floor.
The past year and some change of Cas’s life have been a whirlwind–hospital visits, trying to find bits and pieces of time off of his job at the university, court dates, and more–but finally, a bit of quiet has settled over the Winchester household.
Cas wraps Dean in his arms, snuggles his head into Dean’s chest. Dean had never had much experience with sleepy Cas before this, but it’s kind of the best, a Cas that’s warm, pliable, a little bit sleep-drunk and a lot affectionate.
It had actually been Dean’s idea to adopt a child, which shocked everyone except for Cas (since he was married to Dean, and fancied himself that he knew his husband quite well) and Sam, Dean’s younger brother. While their friends gawked at the idea of Dean Winchester, mechanic, lover of classic rock, and flannel aficionado, being a father, Cas enjoyed watching Dean’s face light up as they went through the adoption process.
Right now, Dean is at the grocery store, trying to figure out what kind of cereal to get, when he spots the display of honey in bear-shaped containers and almost loses his shit, right there next to the loaves of bread and boxes of Frosted Flakes. He remembers another time–Cas was a little scrambled, kept trying to say sorry in his own way. Cas’d died and came back, then. He
gay, that it’s more complicated than that, that he wants a place at Pride, too, that doesn’t feel halfway given.
Emma helps Dean gather all the ingredients for snickerdoodles (the only cookie worth making, if you ask Dean) and then tugs on Claire’s arm.
They’ve been quiet, cocooned by the shower curtain, the shower hot and dim, impossibly cozy. If Cas could stay here forever, he would.
“Enough of it is true,” Cas shrugs, “I like to think of it as being about both the people we try to help...and the people I care about.”
“Yeah. I just like it.” Dean doesn’t know how to explain to Cas how nice it is to use his hands to make something. Yeast is alive. The bread is alive. The soft and warm and pliable under his hands and it reminds him that he’s more than what came before.
Cas drops the remote. It falls to the floor with a clatter but neither of them pay attention. Dean is blushing scarlet now.
They haven’t talked about it since, but it was a late Thursday night when Cas returned to their dorm room, practically in tears after a scheduled phone call with his parents. Dean had intercepted Cas in the best way he knew how–with a leftover slice of the pie he’d made in their dorm’s communal kitchen that afternoon, a slice he had saved just for Cas.
“I…I don’t know.” Sam shrugged. “Dean and Cas have worked hard to keep it a secret, but since they live together and Dean never shuts up about him, I’m sure some people have figured it out.”
Cas tugs on the collar of his shirt. It’s not too hot in the main conference room, but there are a lot of people, and it’s making him a little anxious. He’s just started fiddling with his tie when there’s a gentle hand on his own.
“I was going to say,” Dean took a deep breath. “I don’t think we should date anymore because I want to get married.”
The porch of the beach house is already standing room only–Eileen and Sam have claimed the swing, Miracle squished between them, and Cas is standing on the steps, looking out over the water with a hand partially shielding his eyes.
close and Dean is touching him like the only thing that matters is making him feel good, but then it all crests into a tight feeling in his groin and a delicious release. Dean follows soon after.
He’s talked to Lorraine about this before--how he feels like sometimes he’s mourning how things were before his attempt, or who he was before, because it’s definitely not the same person whose hands he’s looking at now.
Finally, after a couple more minutes of prodding, Dean sits up, glares at Cas, and stumbles off to the bathroom. Cas puts his head in his hands.
“What kind of ice cream did you get again?” Dean asks. When Cas looks over to respond, half of Dean’s chin is covered in ice cream.
The day the astronauts that have spent between six months and a year on the ISS (depending on if they transferred over from expedition 65 or not) are supposed to splash down off the coast of Florida, Castiel is a basket case.
Babies? He’s read dozens of books about that, even knows the theory (via that online doula class) of how they’re born. Adult-sized children? Well, Jack was certainly an anomaly, but he and Cas got along quite well.
Right now, though, it was a different kind of torture, because Dean was going through a breakup, which meant he had spent the past two days laying on their couch, hogging the TV to binge-watch
Dean groans and swings himself out of bed, jamming his boots on and throwing his jacket over his pajamas, not bothering to really change, before heading out of the bunker, taking a couple of blankets with him.
“No shit, Cas.” Dean paused at the smile that was spreading on his roommate’s face. “Don’t let it go to your head.”
Tonight was the night–Dean and Cas were going out to dinner with Cas’s parents, and they were going to discover that Dean wasn’t
is not an appropriate response to your husband’s body aches) but right now he’s laughing as Miracle valiantly attempts to smother Jack.
“It was delicious,” Cas adds, following Jack in. His expression as he looks at Jack is warm and full, not the hard-edged sadness of yesterday, and Dean breathes an internal sigh of relief.
"You don't have to lie, you're not sorry at all." Dean came up behind Cas, wrapping his arms around him. "You're right, I
But what he’d probably say is that he got to see his family happy and safe, that he got to see other people’s family’s happy and safe, that he got to feel Cas’s arm slung around him, Cas happy and safe, and that it was probably one of the best mornings of his life.
Sure, they all spend vast amount of time together at Johnson, in the labs, offices, and in mission control—ISS expeditions are only six months, and they’re five and a half months in
He had soon discovered, however, that his ploy to get out of a phys ed credit was quickly replaced by complete and utter distaste for the game. Dean was good at ping pong, but his rag-tag team of engineering majors was almost always pitted against
The call goes to voicemail, and then the answering machine picks up. “Collect call from Lansing Correctional Facility.” It’s the same automated woman as earlier.
first time they hold hands, it’s because it’s a newly-human Cas’ first hunt and he’s about to get epically beaned by a pissed-off ghost, so Dean seizes his hand and pulls him out of harm’s way. The ghost winks out a minute later (presumably Sam made it to the coffin and cracked it open), but it takes Dean a little longer to let go of Cas’ hand.
Tonight’s prayer starts like any other–Dean unmakes his bed (okay, he rearranges the blankets, he never
But he also doesn’t like it when people are jerks, especially to those he cares about, and when he sees Mick see him across the quad on campus Friday afternoon, a knot instantly forms in his stomach.
Dean nods. “Just thinking about the jungle juice at Ash’s.” It’s a lie, but he knows she’ll latch on.
“Well, I’m getting to be pretty good friends with this guy named Aaron, he’s in student government with me and we were hanging out or whatever...I dunno how it came up but I mentioned Andrea.”
“Look.” Dean turns his body to completely face Cas, which crunches his legs, but this is important. “I know I’m shit with words, but you gotta hear me. First of all, I’ve been hunting since I was a kid, without an angel, and I’m still alive.”
This wasn’t like a wedding from one of those rom-coms Cas “made” Dean watch, and Dean couldn’t bring himself to care, because it was
“Oh. Okay. Well, uh...Cas…” Ned tried it out. “I wanted to say that everyone here at NCIS is great. Super supportive. But I’m, uh...I’m actually gay myself. And I just wanted to offer that…if you need someone to talk to during the investigation, I’m willing to be a resource.”
Once the astronauts have splashed down, the scientists have to move out of the main labs to the wings of Johnson Space Center, to make space for the director and scientific team of Expedition 67.
This is what most of his mornings have looked like since he and Dean moved in together at the start of their sophomore year of college, which is a little over a year ago at this point. Meg often shows up by virtue of loving cheap rent but hating her roommate, Ruby, and they have breakfast together, cooked by Dean.
In the movies, people always say that they’re so in love that it’s killing them, but there’s no hurt here. Cas is so in love with Dean that it steels him, makes him feel like maybe he’ll get out of this.
Even so, when Dean finds the words, eyes shining, it’s good and it’s good and it’s more than good. Now Cas knows for sure that Dean’s been trying to say
“Clearly you don’t know Bobby well enough.” Dean swings himself into a seated position. “He’s insane. Did I tell you that he built a panic room in his basement when I was like eight?”
Dean steps over Jack and Miracle play-wrestling on the floor to wrap his arms around Cas’ waist and press a gentle kiss to the back of his neck. “What’re you doing?” Dean asks. “Besides getting my stove all dirty.”
Adjusting hasn’t been easy, but sometimes he remembers that he’s not doing it alone, not this time, and things are a little better.
For just a moment, Castiel’s infinite world is narrowed down to this room, this bed, these points of contact, and all is still.
Cas frowns, sticks out his tongue in concentration, scans the shelves one last time, and finally picks the maple-flavored ones. Dean sighs as Cas puts the box in their cart, but he can’t help letting a fond smile slip out.
before going to sleep. He doesn’t hear voices from the living room, but he also doesn't hear either Dean or Cas’ door slam.
Cas has, from this group of woes, developed a theory: something shitty happens to everyone in life. For him, it was attempting suicide. For Chris, it was his brother’s death. For someone else, it might be losing another loved one, or getting in an accident, or missing out on an opportunity, or being diagnosed with something...the list goes on and on.
? “Which is why I think we should go out. I don’t want you to mope around here for the rest of time. We can literally do anything you want, make it
shit like this, now that he and Dean do things like share a bed and showers and sometimes a coffee mug. He says it like it’s easy, like it costs him nothing to love Dean.
He thinks about it the whole drive to the store, it’s in the front of his mind as he wanders through the cereal aisle. He grabs two six-packs in the drinks section and wonders if he should just pretend it never happened.
“You heard me.” Charlie puts her hands on her hips and hopes she looks at least somewhat intimidating.
“So, uh, Castiel,” she starts, looking towards Kevin for reassurance, “You garden, you have your dog, but uh….do you have a special someone? A Mr. or Mrs. Novak?”
Cas picks up his cup and leans back against the window before taking a sip. “The chunks are fruit, right?”
“I was...well. Not at first.” Cas lets out a watery laugh. “I was paralyzed with fear. But then you just--you offered to stay with me. Just talk to me. Just be
Dean shifts slightly, and Cas tries to relax. He was relaxed, he could still be relaxed, but instead he’s laser focused on Dean’s thigh tucked between his legs, Dean’s hand, warm, splayed out on his stomach.
and isn’t that a dangerous thing), and he can, if he reaches out, if he concentrates too hard and stops floating, feel the room. The sheets, warm beneath them. Dean’s quilt, kicked to the bottom of the bed. The heating unit, which just kicked on. A rumble of thunder--it’s always raining here in Lincoln.
“Can’t you see that I’m mortified?” Cas said, voice still muffled, and Dean shoved him until Cas was laying on his side. Cas squeezed his eyes shut.
“Decided to become a farmer while I was working on the car, did ya?” Dean jokes as Cas comes within earshot. Cas just smiles serenely and then, as he gets to Dean, holds his hand out. It’s a bunch of wildflowers, a cacophony of blue and pink and yellow, and Dean feels his cheeks heating up.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Ignore him, he’s a sourpuss. Although you probably already know that after working with him for months. C’mon, Kevin’s already here, I was about to pour drinks.”
The elevator doors open to reveal a dimly lit cavern of a room. Castiel can’t see very far into it, not only because of the dim light, but also because of the large amounts of equipment in his way. Pipes and other implements criss-cross the room (Castiel will be the first to admit that he doesn’t know a lot about machinery or ships).
Now Dean is singing along. Cas likes it when he gets to hear Dean sing–he doesn’t do it much because he gets a little embarrassed, but he’s quite good.
The commander could not be more different than Castiel, if you ask Charlie. While she’s only met Winchester once, she’s seen many a news report with him, and he seems a little bit brash, too loud and out there. But Castiel seems to video call with him once a day, without fail.
Dean and Cas spent at least a week talking about paint before making the trek into town (if Dean ever hears about paint again after finishing this house, he’s gonna throw himself into the lake behind it), so they know they want a pale yellow for the kitchen, dark green for the living room, white for the bathroom, and so on and so forth.
Cas is worried for a second, until he remembers that it’s Saturday, which likely means that Dean is in the garage, giving Baby a tune-up.
It occurs to Cas at this moment, with the solid warmth of Dean practically wrapped around him, that he never could have dreamed this up, never could have imagined having his own house with the one he loved, and being loved in turn.
Victor’s been seeing this guy for a while. His name is Nicholas. Unsurprisingly, Nicholas is also divorced. Surprisingly, Nicholas has a kid–a daughter. Her name is Susie and she’s eight and gap-toothed and does ballet, and Victor would be lying if he said he doesn’t want to meet her some day.
“Okay, that’s room 2392, one full.” She glances between Dean and Cas, but doesn’t say anything more.
There’s no sunset to watch, the clouds perpetually threatening rain, but Dean stands in the surf anyway, jeans rolled up and feet freezing. If he prays here, no one can hear him, his words drowned out by the waves.
Cas turns back around. “Well, I’m out of sunflowers and blue violets, but I have some gillyflowers left.” He points at the pink-and-white blooms with their jagged edges. “They’re not very popular.”
Apparently Ruby has found new and interesting ways to be hellish, but Meg has not yet snapped and stabbed her with something, because at three in the afternoon on Sunday, Cas gets a text from Meg that just reads
Cas lay there in silence, his head on his cool pillow, for some indeterminate stretch of time before his door creaked open and a sliver of light came in through the hallway. He could see Dean, illuminated in profile, and then Dean whispered, “Hey, Cas? You awake?”
which was about as successful. Dean is inches away from straight-up tranquilizing Jack (although Cas might kill him if he does that) when something occurs to him.
“Hm.” Dean knew what his biggest regret was these days--never telling Cas how he felt--but he wasn’t gonna admit that.
When Cas could finally bring himself to look Dean in the eyes, what met him was an expression of anxiety and fear. Dean’s face was red.
When he makes his way into their room, Dean is still asleep, although he’s rolled over and stolen Cas’ pillow, wrapping his arms tightly around it. Cas smiles over him.
as y'all may have noticed...I added an additional chapter! the plot ended up having more twists and turns than I thought :) next update Tuesday!
Only then does Castiel notice a chair behind Eldest’s, with a handsome but sullen-looking man slouched in it, as if he would rather be anywhere else.
