seems the better alternative, especially when he closes his eyes and behind his lids flashes Cas' knowing stare, minutes before Dean sent him to his death. He knew, and he died because Dean told him to, and it wasn't worth it. Nothing could be worth it.
"What? Why?" Dean slides the clear container across the table, and Sam pops it open and starts tossing raisins and dressing with all the annoyance he can muster.
"It's 2014, Dean. No one cares about your sexuality— mainly because anyone who would is dead or busy fighting for their lives, but the point stands." With that, he wanders to sit on the dingy bed across the room and takes a swig from the nearest bottle before holding it out in invitation. Dean's stomach is rolling a little at the vacant look settled on him, but he accepts the bottle and sinks down beside Cas anyway. The bitter burn of cheap absinthe rolling down his throat is about what he expects, but beggars can't be choosers, so Dean grimaces and swallows another mouthful. Beside him, Cas makes an amused sound around the joint between his lips and flicks open a lighter. It takes a few more drinks for Dean to dredge up the nerve to finally watch him take a long drag and slowly let the smoke trickle back into the room. Cas' eyes are on him the whole time, might have been since Dean gave in and sat down, something twinkling in the spreading blackness of his pupils. He must have taken something else when Dean wasn't looking, because they weren't that wide during the meeting. "Haven't seen you make that face in years."
Once Benny arrives and loads Jubilee up, the three of them pile in Baby. Jack and Dean are still arguing about the smart car when Cas realizes they’ve missed the turn-off towards his townhouse.
“I should thank you. You always go above and beyond for me,” He teases, tousling Cas’s already impressive sex hair, just for good measure. Cas’s eyes almost roll out of his skull.
Cas tilts his head, trying to comprehend. Dean has seen the tulip before and Lissuin hadn't yet started to flop about.
Cas shuffles in his seat, “Yes, Jack’s power made him a target. So did his partenage. I am Jack’s father in every way that matters. However, I am not his biological father. Lucifer is.”
At that, Sam laughs so loudly that the couple at the next table turns to stare at him. “No, you don’t! You’ve never watched NatGeo in your life! God, you are hung up on this guy.”
“Hello gang,” Meg is greeting them all with a small, slightly mischievous smile. Her hand is on Castiel’s waist and she’s standing close to him. They’re involved, he surmises, at least on some level. Castiel doesn’t look quite as into it but perhaps it’s the presence of his cousin who is fixing him with a wide grin.
When Castiel wakes a few hours later, he finds a folded note next to his left hand. He opens it with a heavy heart, without bothering to sit up. It reads:
!” His voice rises to an anguished howl, one Dean cringes instinctively away from. “He drowned, Dean! It’s all your fault!”
“Cas.” Dean cups his chin and presses a kiss to his mouth, feeling his cheeks flush warmly. “You misunderstood me. Cause, I was kinda hoping you would be.”
Less than a half hour later, Castiel knocks on the front door gingerly, unsure what to do. Dean had sounded so dreadful on the phone that there's a very good chance he could be passed out now and unable to answer his own door. At the same time, maybe Castiel was just imagining things and walking into someone's home unannounced feels like a huge violation of their privacy. But when Dean doesn't answer on his third knock, Castiel is at a loss for anything else to do. He tries the handle and, finding it unlocked, enters with some trepidation.
“You're beautiful, Amara. You were beautiful last year and you're beautiful now. You haven't gained a pound. C’mere.”
, and hasn’t always cleared up the evidence which still makes Sam want to bleach his eyeballs - but when they’re out together Dean has always been resolute about not taking off and leaving his friends for a guy. At least, most of the time.
The gym is brightly lit and everyone around him has firm, toned bodies and brightly-coloured clothing. Even the staff behind the desk, but he supposed they should embody the establishment they work in. Much like he does with his glasses and tweed jacket and - damn, he flushes as he realises he forgot to take it off - his bow tie. It garners him a mildly entertained smile from the woman at the desk as he approaches, brand new bag slung over his shoulder. Her name tag reads ‘My name is Bela - ask me for advice!’
He’d called into work and told them, lips numb, that he wouldn’t be in for a while. He doesn’t remember the conversation. He vaguely remembers Gabriel calling back, telling him he would be flying out to see him as soon as possible, but beyond that it’s just a hazy mess of words and sadness and grief. So much grief.
“Of course you do, sweetie, that’s what I told him.” She says, soothingly, and Dean seems somewhat mollified as he turns back to the barbecue. “I’m going to go and relax until dinner. Come and find me when it’s ready.”
Dean still has to pinch himself from time to time to make sure he isn't dreaming. That he is a part of this family, that the two boys call him daddy, and that this is all real. It has been a somewhat rocky road getting here, but finally it seems like everything is really falling into place. He's got his job, his husband-to-be, his children, and his brother back in his life plus a brand new niece. Sure there are a few kinks to be worked out, a few bridges to build, but nothing happens overnight, and in general, he's pretty thrilled with how everything is going. He rests on his elbows and peers down at Lexie who smiles at him and leans forward. Cas hoists the boy up under his arms and sits him on the countertop; Lexie immediately twists around and wraps an arm around Dean’s neck.
“Eve dropped those by last night,” Cas says, sliding onto the stool next to Dean and taking one for himself. “She knew we wouldn’t have much food yet. I haven’t been to the store.”
He sighs and turns another page of his book, running a finger down the margin until he finds his pencilled-in note. Latin translations are his favourite and his forte, but sometimes they do get a little dry, especially when the text is a historical recount of a particularly uninteresting event. Which this is. It’s been a quiet day. His is the only rare bookshop in the city but it isn’t always busy. These days he negotiates a lot of his business via email or on the phone, and walk-in customers tend to be few and far between. It isn’t lucrative, not always, and anything he does make he almost always invests back into texts for either himself of the shelves of his shop. The walls are lined with books of all shapes and sizes, from every corner of the globe and in every language. They smell of years and years of use, of the people who have held them and thumbed through them in the past before they landed in Castiel’s capable hands, and he cherishes every one of them. Some he’s had rebound, others sit in glass cabinets or wrapped in plastic, all turned away from the meagre shafts of sunlight that somehow find their way down between the buildings and into the shop. It may not be much, but it’s his. It’s home.
“Cookin’ up a storm as usual.” Gabriel deposits the tray on the counter then slides two cookies into a bag and leans over to hand them to Lexie, either missing or ignoring the expression of irritation on Cas’ face. Cas hates people giving the children sugary food without his permission; Dean has to turn away to hide a slightly guilty smirk. The boy takes the bag with a shy smile and a whispered thank you, and Gabriel ruffles his hair affectionately.
Thank you for all the lovely comments and I'm sorry I haven't had a chance to reply to everyone yet. I hope you're enjoy the progress here - I loved writing this chapter!
Dean gives Lexie one last kiss on the forehead, pulls the covers up over Billie, and follows Cas back into their room where they sit down together on the edge of the bed and remain in silence for a while. Eventually, Cas reaches over and takes his hand, smoothing a thumb over the back of it.
He knows he’s too heavily invested in his twin’s family, and he knows it’s come at the expense of his own personal life. But after everything Castiel went through with Cole, the thought of pulling back and letting him get on with everything on his own was too painful to go through with, so in the end he just… didn’t. He didn’t pull away. Instead, he spent more and more time with Cas and the twins until it almost felt like the four of them were a family unit. A slightly odd, slightly dysfunctional family unit, but a family all the same.
This morning, when Sam emerges from the shower in sweatpants and a plain black t-shirt, he finds Gabriel standing at the stove humming a tune to himself, lost in what he's doing. Sam creeps up behind him, slides both arms around his waist and presses a kiss to his temple. A warm hand comes up to cup his jaw and Gabriel turns to kiss him on the mouth.
“Not my story to tell, Dean-o. You’ll have to ask Cassie about it. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to get home and wrap all these gifts.” He gathers himself up, winds his scarf around his neck, and kisses Sam on the nose. “See y’all tomorrow. Hope Santa’s good to you!”
It had seemed like such a good idea at the time, when he’d started to plan everything out on the plane. He’s been brewing all week over what happened and throwing ideas around for how he can make it up to Cas without either angering him further or making either of them out to be a total ass. He remembered once, after a pretty intense round of lovemaking, they’d watched some crappy rom-com where the guy had turned up in a suit and tie with flowers and candy, and Cas had elbowed him in the ribs and asked when he was going to do that for him. Dean had rolled his eyes dramatically and gone down on Castiel instead. But that probably won’t cut it this time.
It's late and they should be in bed. The sun has long since set and the only light now comes from the full moon and the scattering of stars, and a low light emanating from somewhere down the hallway inside. There are four empty beer bottles and two empty plates on the table, and Cas has his bare feet up on the arm of the rattan outdoor sofa with his head in Dean’s lap. Dean is stroking his hair idly, winding his fingers through the strands, and they're both gazing up at the skies lost in thought.
“I don’t know, Dean. Do we? Because it certainly seemed like it at your brother’s.” Her words are as sharp as her stare and he sighs, dropping his gaze to the floor. She never makes arguments easy.
Castiel wakes in the middle of the night, gasping. He's sitting bolt upright, eyes glazed unseeingly, with his hand outstretched in front of him as though he's reaching for something... or someone. It takes him a full minute to realise where he is and that he's been trapped in the throes of a nightmare, and when he finally lowers his hand he clenches it into a fist in an effort to stop it trembling. Glancing down, he takes in the prone figure of Dean sleeping soundly next to him. Dean’s face is relaxed in sleep, a small smile playing at the corner of his mouth, and he's snoring softly. One hand pillows his cheek and the other twists gently in the sheets around his waist after being almost tugged off him by Cas’s tossing and turning. As his heartbeat slows, Cas reaches out and winds his fingers through Dean’s hair, finding comfort in the touch, though his hand still shakes and he's drenched in cold sweat and shivering. Hugging his knees in to his chest he rests his forehead on them for a moment before pushing the sheets away and getting up. The hardwood floor is cool beneath his bare feet. His throat is tight and he swallows reflexively. Has he been talking in his sleep? Crying out? He must not have been. Dean surely would have awoken if he was.
Gabriel finishes cooking, making a spectacle out of it as he pours rum on the burgers and sets them alight, making Amara laugh and clap her hands, encouraging him. Soon they’re settled around the outside table, candles lit and lights strung above them to create a mellow, calm atmosphere as the sun sinks below the horizon, and they sit down to eat together, feeling, to Dean, like a real family. He keeps catching Sam casting him furtive glances, looking between him and Amara, and Dean makes a special effort to pay attention to her, tucking her hair behind her ear or stroking her shoulder or kissing her cheek whenever he can. She enjoys it, pressing into his side and smiling up at him. It’s like old times again.
He nods to the waiter who opens the glass panelled door to the smoking room for him, slipping a note into the man’s top pocket and nodding distractedly at the muttered thanks. A tense feeling of worry has settled itself beneath his sternum yet again, a feeling he can’t understand or explain, and he just wants to go to bed. He takes a detour on the way to his room, desperately in need of some air.
Amara pushes the blankets back off them both and, in one swift movement, she kneels up and straddles Dean’s face, facing down the length of his body. She smells warm and musky and he tries to regulate his breathing and push down a beat of panic. He doesn't want to do this. He wants to turn over and go to sleep. He doesn't want to touch her, doesn't want her touching him. The memory of her slap is still too raw, the words thrown at him are still circling his mind. He wants to be still and quiet and alone. Untouched. But she's pushing down his boxers and his hands automatically come to her hips to steady her when she almost overbalances. He can't bring himself to put his mouth on her and she seems to know it.
He never sleeps particularly well after a night of drinking. Especially when he was so rattled when they’d returned home last night. The evening had been fine, but the words that the woman with the long dark hair had thrown at them had stuck in his head. He can’t even remember her name, but what he does remember he doesn’t like. Her supercilious smile, her barbed comments which clearly showed how superior she thought she and her friends were. And the way her boyfriend - husband? - had just
those scratches. Delivered in passion during a night of endless fun with Meg, he'd come away feeling like a scratching post in the presence of a particularly animated cat. But he'd never once gone to the
They disappear, to find their cabins no doubt, and Sam is left standing alone amid a flurry of socialites and businessmen, still uncertain of his place among them but pretending for all the world like he’s belonged for his entire life.
painted proudly across the top. Porters move back and forth, directing other staff as burly men in vests and braces haul luggage carts to and fro.
Dean can’t help but laugh in agreement at that. “Damn straight. But if you love them half as much as you love Doritos then I don’t see a problem here. Do you?”
It's very, very late when they finally stumble into the house and collapse into bed, too tired to rinse off the sand and the evidence of their activities down on the beach before it all went sideways. The sheets will wash. Cas falls into a restless sleep on Dean’s chest, huddling close, and Dean lies awake until sunrise, a nauseating concern taking root in his gut and the sand beneath his legs chafing his skin. The pleasant, happy, everything-is-right-with-the-world feeling is long gone, the glow replaced with a cold anxiety gnawing away at his insides.
But it’s no use. Castiel, wild with grief, grabs at the nearest thing to him - a vase of fake flowers on the bedside table - and launches them at Dean with hate and fury in his eyes, tears on his cheeks and a wild scream of hatred leaving his lips. Dean braces himself for the impact…
“I'm sorry, Dean,” she says for the hundredth time and all he can do is shrug and nod. He knows she's sorry. She's shown it in every way she knows how.
He doesn't know what to say. ‘Sorry’ isn't enough, not by a mile, but equally the sound of her so upset that she's struggling to breathe is tugging unpleasantly on his heartstrings. He inhales slowly, exhaling through his mouth, trying to calm himself. He should never have taken this call.
He knocks again, awkwardly, and almost drops the flowers. This was a stupid idea, and he’s starting to wonder if maybe Cas had spied him through a window and is avoiding him on purpose. He knows it’s kinda early to be dressed up as though he’s heading for the opera, and he didn’t expect to see Castiel’s car outside his house when his cab from the airport took a detour and just so happened to pass down this particular street. He wonders now why Cas is home early, and suddenly worries if he’s ill. He knocks again, a little louder, then tries the handle. To his surprise, the door opens easily and he’s left staring into Castiel’s hallway. Castiel never leaves his door unlocked - his neighbourhood certainly isn’t a bad one but there have been break-ins and trouble in the past, so Cas takes no chances. He deposits the flowers and chocolate on the hallway table and calls Castiel’s name, quietly at first then louder, then falls silent to listen.
Dean is relaxed. He's sipping occasionally from a beer bottle, has his head tipped back against the sofa, and is quietly humming
Then she’s gone, leaving the kitchen in silence, turning the light off and leaving Dean standing alone in the dark. He pours himself two fingers of whiskey with a shaking hand, adds an ice cube, and stands in the dark kitchen drinking slowly. When he's finished, he pours another glass. Three fingers. It helps. By the time he ventures upstairs, he feels more mellow and walking into his bedroom to face Amara doesn't feel quite so daunting. His cheeks smarts, the bone beneath it aching. It won’t bruise, but it hurts. And he hurts elsewhere in his body, inside, beneath his heart. He feels sick and the alcohol doesn’t help, churning in his stomach, burning his throat. But he needs it. He can’t begin to rationalise all this without it.
What he isn’t prepared for is Amara answering the door, looking sweet and serene in a star-print wrap dress and her hair in soft curls down her back. A strong smell of fresh lilies wafts from inside the house, and an expensive-looking bouquet is just visible on the hallway table. She smiles warmly at him but noticeably doesn’t invite him across the threshold.
There’s absolutely no way he’s manifesting twenty years too late. But, if for some reason he is, he’s not too keen on showing Cas. The mark might be liable to do something stupid. Like try and Bond with Cas.
“Dude, that’s obviously not comfortable for you. I get it. We both aren’t spring chickens. You can sleep up here if you want,” Dean offers, trying for a neutral tone. Completely normal. Just helping a friend.
“You,” Cas hisses, “have been doing nothing but staring at me for weeks. I want you to explain why.”
It feels like Cas ripped open his chest to examine his beating heart. Cas’s words ease his fears but don’t settle this mind completely.
He hasn’t allowed himself to think about them in years. When the dreams started, it confused the hell out of him. He’d hadn’t given much thought to finding a soulmate. Dean Winchester wasn’t the type to settle down, but he figured he might find a lady, have a few kids. The standard apple pie life. The thing was it was a dude in the dreams.
“Yeah, yeah. No problem. Just a minute,” he stammers as he runs out of the store, beer long forgotten. Cas shakes his head and plasters on a smile for the next customer. Thankfully the rest of the line is routine purchases and not rude dumbasses or that horrifying monster that tried to eat Kevin, the sales assistant, once after covering him in cheese.
Dean cranes his head back, “Cas, that’s great! I know how much your writing means to you. You don’t have to ask my opinion though. It’s your life.”
“Kinda got the impression from what Castiel told me. He can be dense sometimes but I’m pretty sure you two are dating.” She starts reading Cas’s texts out loud.
Or would he? Cas has always been hard to read in the romance department and Cas held his hand. For a hot second but still. That wasn’t normal. Was it?
Dean sticks out his hand to be polite. Meg takes it while looking Dean up and down. She smiles and looks back at Cas. She winks. The three of them make small talk. She asks about the camper and how Dean’s been enjoying his travels. Cas, as he always does, shows her his thousands of pictures. Eventually, they end up on the topic of business.
They drive northwest for another several days to reach Sawtooth National Forest. Dean was worried that bed sharing would make things weird. It’s a little awkward to wake up with another man in his bed but Dean actually sleeps better.
For the first time in his life, Dean laughed at his Dad. Told him to shove it up his ass. Dean’s pretty sure that Dad would have lunged at him if he wasn’t in shock. Dean grabbed Baby’s keys and slammed the door. He had nothing but a GED and six dollars in his wallet. Gas money wasn’t hard to come by. Dean had hustled pool and done odd jobs for years. He made it out to California within the week.
“I overheard Bobby talking with you. As I said, I don’t tend to interact with hunters but Meg does. She’s taken some classes with Eileen and Sam. Apparently you feature heavily,” Cas says, eyes still intensely fixed on Dean.
“Hello, Dean. Thank you for coming,” Cas says, mirroring Dean’s smile. They gaze at each other for several long moments before Cas clears his throat, “How was your trip?”
Well fuck. Dean had thought Castiel looked like an angel. Not because he was one but because he thought Castiel was handsome and had dreamy eyes.
After apparently ruling out something physically ailing his soul, he’s afraid she’s gonna ask about his childhood.
Okay. Well, nothing for it. Dean inhales, “Umm, his full name is Castiel Novak. It’s the name of an angel if you’re wondering. Dark brown hair, blue eyes, few inches shorter than me.  He dresses like a frickin’ dork.”
Dean stares at Meg. He’s known demons. Pure evil. Yet, here he is talking to one about whether or not he’s dating an angel at the nursery they both own.
Cas squirts more sunscreen onto Dean. “Nora is interested in purchasing it from me. It was a pleasure to work there but I am ready to move on. I would like to focus on my writing. I don’t need to be here all year round now and traveling with you has been wonderful. What do you think?
Benny’s eyes dart between Dean and Cas. “Gotta say, you and hot wings here make quite the couple,” He laughs.
The condors are tearing chunks of flesh off the carcass. The zookeeper is talking to nearby guests. Seems they’ve missed the educational bit.
happen? It isn't just being with a man. Dean isn't getting flustered because he has a crush on Cas. Well, he does. No, it's much more.
Dr. Mills continues, “Late manifestation can be caused by numerous things. Genetic predisposition, personality, trauma, and abuse are all common factors. As far as your symptoms, I can prescribe blockers which should help with the pain. If it persists, we’ll need to re-evaluate.”
The farm looks very different than it did when Dean left. The workshop has been retrofitted as an office and classroom. Sam demands Dean call it a learning space. Whatever the hell that means.
Dean had his sexaulity crisis way back when. As many kids surely do. There was a cute boy in his 10th grade chemistry class. They would talk for hours after school, sitting far too close together. Dean was only at that high school for a few months so nothing ever happened. Except the sexuality crisis part.
Dean smirks, “It went fine. We kept the chick flick moments to a minimum. We mostly talked about my plans and how brilliant they are. He and Eileen are trying for a kid so we’re probably gonna be uncles soon.”
The doc’ just waits. He musters as much brainpower as he can right now. “Why didn’t this happen sooner? And don’t give any crap about multiple possibilities or unknowns. What’s your best guess?”
Cas finishes, the last photograph is of him and Jack backpacking. He glances at Dean and must read his thoughts.
Dean stuffs another bite of his burrito into his mouth. “Come on, you know him. Do you think he’d be into a relationship with me?” Dean prods.
“Yeah, I figured that much. What are you?” Dean hissed. He tried to put up a tough facade but the fear still was leaking through.
Dean sets the groceries down on the counter. He’s got enough for burgers tonight and he picked up a few things he knows Cas needs. As he shoves things into the fridge, around the mysterious jars and bird chop, he can hear Colette squawking. Bird is a damn drama queen.
Dean frantically paced in the Gas-n-Sip breakroom, trying to convince himself this entire thing was all due to the collision with the slushy machine.
“No. No. I’m sorry Cas. I haven’t been with, um, traveled with someone in a long time. I’m kinda rusty at this whole thing. Of course I want to stay. I just don’t want to be a burden or anything,” Dean says, flustered.
Cas continues to butter the corn and tries not to stare. Dean is absolutely gorgeous tonight, well-rested and radiant. His eyes are playful and bright as he grins at Cas. He’s
Dean lives on a few acres outside of town. He inherited it from the Campbell family after Mary’s brother passed away. Cas is very thankful for that. John Winchester squandered everything he ever owned.
Cas closes his eyes, rests his head against the seat. “It doesn’t quite work like that but I am ready. When we return home. Let us do it then.” Cas doesn’t elaborate.
Dean takes a moment to really study Cas, there are bags under his eyes and the faint outline of fresh stains on his vest. His boyfriend was having a shitty week and now Dean’ just making it worse by being a little bitch.
that intertwines around Telperion. An Eastern Redbud. Galathilion. Jack had been delighted by the one in Cas’s backyard during his first spring in Kansas after Luc and Kelly passed away.
Dean doesn’t want to admit it but he needs to install a booster seat for Jack. On the other hand, Dean survived growing up in the Impala. Whatever. He’ll look into it.
This Castiel looked around before leaning in and whispering in Dean’s ear, “We need to talk, Dean. Alone.”
Castiel puts Dean up in one of those. Why he’d give Dean a room, when actual paying guests could have it, is beyond Dean. He gets the impression he shouldn’t question the motives of former wavelengths of celestial intent.
Cas gestures out to the lake in front of them. It’s a deep cobalt blue. It reminds Dean of Cas’s eyes.
“I can see why you told me this was an emergency. Don’t you leave soon?” She asks as she surveys the room. All the crap he needs for the trip is neatly laid out. Clothing for every weather event possible, proper footwear, swim trunks, some nice clothes for the fancy events, his meds, extra toiletries, and a metric fuckton of hand sanitizer. It’s not the pack light philosophy he used to live by.
They do whatever they want all day. Dean makes dinner most nights, Cas’s talent for cooking seemingly limited to reheating various dishes. Dude is an amazing baker though. Dean almost wishes they had a real kitchen. They do the dishes together before doing their own thing.
Dean can’t blame him. His sister-in-law is one hell of a hunter and has a much better personality than his jerk of a little brother.
Plus Castiel seemed like a good dad. He saw Claire and Jack off on the school bus every morning and spent a lot of time with them. Claire was a pre-teen, going through a too cool for school phase. There was one memorable afternoon when she tried to talk her dad into teaching her how to throw knives. Jack followed Castiel around like a shadow. Dean was pretty sure they were a witch, the way they carried around a snake all the time.
Eileen is Latias. It took Dean a while to warm up to anything past Gen I but he has come around. Dean can see Eileen as Latias. She’s smart, handy in a fight and capable of reading people’s emotions. She has to be as a hunter. It’s a solid choice.
Sam grins, “Of course, Dean. I'm also glad you decided to purchase a decent rig. This almost doesn’t look like a death trap.”
He saunters out, greeting Sam by chucking the bananas at his head. “Hey jerkface. Guess who just had the best night ever.”
It starts with a teeny tiny white lie. Okay, it’s a full-blown falsehood but Dean really, really wants it to be a reality.
“My name is Castiel,” was the first thing out of Castiel's mouth. Dean glanced down to the nametag. Real helpful.
“What brings you here? Is it a case? There’s not many hunters out here worth a damn and we’re retired,” Jody tells him.
Dean gulps. “Why?” Dean’s beginning to suspect he knows why. But it can’t be. He’s known Cas for five years. Nothing’s changed between them.
He picks an alabaster short-sleeve button down for tonight. He likes to wear neutral colors in contrast to his soul marks. The summer garden is growing steadily on his back. The greenery of carrots, beets, and garlic wrap around his spine, cherry and apple trees are rooted near Laurelin’s base. From the thicket of bermudagrass, yarrow, lilies, and dahlias are emerging. So many dahlias. The festive bunch on his shoulders included Kelvin Floodlight, Babylon Red and Purple, and a small path of Dazzling Magic. It would no doubt expand during the evening. It was one of Dean’s favorite varieties.
They sit in the camper while Dean eats his road food and Cas munches on some bison jerky left over from Yellowstone.
Does it matter what Cas is? If Dean asked himself a year ago, he would have said yes. Now, not so much.
“How's the robot coming?” Dean asks, changing the subject. Dean will gently inquire with Cas after he gets home from the clinic.
Dr. Mills pulls out a pen, “I’m going to ask you a few questions. Some you’ve already answered on the pre-exam questionnaire but I like to hear directly from my patients.”
Dean waits for the waiter to walk away before leveling Castiel with a smirk. Castiel darts his eyes down to his menu and asks, “What?”
“Please, sir,” he begs, wiggling his ass the best he can. The rope fights him as he moves. It’s a distraction, drawing Castiel’s mind to his body instead of the teasing that’s about to occur. The rope against his skin, pretty and red and tight, makes him feel safe and secure. Every time he moves - every time he even breathes - the rope constricts him and he’s reminded of Dean. He likes it an awful lot.
It’s exactly what Castiel needed to relax before they reach their destination. A mystery destination that Dean won’t even give him a clue about. All he knows is it’s not the club. Not yet. Apparently, they have to do something first.
“I know,” the third guy says in a harsh whisper, looking at the other two like they’re morons. “Out. Now.”
“Okay. Good.” He licks his lips, eyes slowly taking in my body. “That’s good. What about me? I - my - you touching me, tasting me… it’ll help you feel better, but you don’t have to.”
He realizes his mistake when he gets out, though. His jeans are dirty and his shirt is nowhere to be found. Who knows if it was even ever in this room.
I spend Saturday night sitting in the window seat of my bedroom. It’s a cloudless night, the full moon bright enough to hurt my eyes if I stare directly at it. Wolves howl off in the distance from time to time. It makes me smile for some reason.
Out of nowhere, John takes Dean’s elbow and pulls him, sending Dean stumbling so John can get a better look at him. Dean closes his eyes when he feels his father’s calloused thumb brush across his wrist, knowing what the problem is. “He restrained you.”
Kevin is in a floor length flowy white dress that looks lightweight, like it would catch on the wind and levitate in the air. He’s wearing a veil with bright flowers embroidered on it. His bouquet is full of flowers of all colors, from red to pink to blue to orange to purple.
"But what if, like, some of his cum somehow got in there or whatever." I cover my face again. "Oh my god, I can't believe I'm talking about this with you."
In my defense, I had truly planned on giving him space. But our thread had been trembling within minutes of him leaving, quickly turning violent with grief, and then he was drowning - we were drowning - and I had to go. I just…
. He forgets that his job is to be a warmer. That his pleasure isn’t important. For just a second, Dean’s a normal guy riding his boyfriend’s cock.
Grinning, I carefully fold the note up to save it for later and head back to his room. The books are pushed off of the bed, the only thing on the mattress a beautiful Dean wearing nothing but his oversized pink sweater he had already been wearing, his tight black briefs peeking out from the hem, and fuzzy halloween socks.
“Don’t know. Never had gay sex.” Gabriel tries for a smile, but it slips. That’s a first too. “Just be good for him, Cas. Behave. Maybe he won’t be so bad.”
Dean looks down at Castiel’s hands, wrapped in leather that crawls up to his elbow. The marks on his arms. Castiel hadn’t wanted others to see them. He had wanted to hide his scars. Dean feels terrible for not thinking of it.
A warm hand wraps around his cock, stroking him a few times before something is wrapping around the base of it. It snaps into place and Dean tightens it until it’s nice and snug. Castiel won’t be coming. Not while that’s there at least.
. It’s intoxicating, watching him bloom beneath Dean’s hand. He energizes, more life in him than ever before, but he also relaxes. A weight lifts from him, a weight he trusts Dean to carry, and that honor means more to him than the world.
“I have to find him.” I push to my feet, now feeling just as shaky as Dean had looked. “Shit, I have to - someone call my dad. Jack. Jack, call my dad.”
“Good. Then have fun.” My mom relaxes, her duties having been fulfilled. She walks up to me and runs a hand through my hair. I can’t help but close my eyes and sink into the feeling for a moment. It’s almost as good as when someone runs their hands through my fur. “I hope the two of you work out. I want you to be happy.”
Once I’m showered - with as much mundane soap as I can so that I’m clean but smell like the true mate that he hopefully won’t be able to resist - and dressed in nice jeans and my favorite flannel, I grab my bag and head to school.
Dean’s on his second beer, and Castiel is on his hundredth mental reminder that he doesn’t get a say in that. After a long pull that makes his throat bob enticingly, Dean sits back and says, “You know, at that first check-up, they found my chip. I wouldn’t explain it to them, didn’t tell them a single thing about you or the compound. I told them I was with an abusive guy because I knew I’d get in trouble if they knew I had information on the compound and organization and all that but was keeping it from them. They respect your privacy and right not to report when it’s just you, but if they found out it was a damn international slave trade, they probably would have had an issue.”
I'm lying in the pack clearing, my head on my paws as I stare up at the moon. It's been a hard night. Okay, that's a fucking understatement. It's been excruciating.
"Yeah… I'm sorry. I shoulda calmed down before calling you. My head was just spinning and I'm… a mess."
“God, you’re beautiful,” Dean whispers, not sure if the boy is even awake. He doesn’t care. He can’t help it. “So perfect, sweetheart. I love you so fucking much.”
My dad is relaxing on the porch swing when I get home from school, drinking a beer and grinning at me like he has a secret. I pause on the top step and give him a look. “What?”
Then a hand slaps against Castiel’s cheek. Not hard at all, more just surprising. He gasps, and sir’s cock falls from his mouth. “You weren’t given permission to suck, boy.”
After pressing a soft kiss to Castiel’s lips, Dean shifts his body and continues pressing forward in small, smooth strokes that bring him deeper and deeper inside the boy each time. Dean sighs when he’s nearly all the way inside him, his hands trembling slightly where they hold Castiel. “You good, sweetheart?”
Castiel wakes up slowly, the sunlight soft and welcoming as it pours in through the windows. He smiles at the view of the sun rising over the mountains in the distance. Then he turns on his side to look at an even better view.
This makes Castiel laugh unexpectedly. The movement sends vibrations through his body and into Dean, his cock getting jostled inside him. Dean’s stomach flutters at the pure happiness and ease between them in the moment - they’re laughing, during sex! Castiel Novak is fucking laughing with him, in a hotel room, cock buried deep inside of him, being gentle and talking about safewords.
. I could hear him so clearly. See all the things he did to me. It was like I was reliving it. It was fucking awful."
Dean walks around Castiel in a slow circle, trailing a fingertip along the bare skin of his chest, shoulder, and back. He chuckles when Castiel shivers. Something nudges against Castiel’s half-hard cock, making him startle. He looks down in time to see the tip of a riding crop stroking him. The whimper that escapes his lips is humiliating. Castiel wasn’t aware he could even make a noise like that.
"Okay. It's okay. We don't have to look at them. No big deal. It's okay." Dr. Warren reaches out, and Castiel flinches before realizing he's grabbing Dean's hand. Dean and the doctor lock eyes as Castiel watches. This time when the doctor talks, he's clearly speaking to Dean. "It's okay. He's going to be okay."
Castiel tries his best to fuck himself back against the toy with the little amount of wiggle room available with his rope, letting loose tiny helpless gasps as he moves. Dean has to reach down and grip the base of his cock tight just to soothe the massive ache the sight brings on. That’s the worst part about edging Castiel, apparently. Other subs, Dean could edge them for hours and just be turned on by it. With Castiel, however, it feels like Dean’s fucking edging himself. He’s pretty damn sure he won’t make it much longer. Not that he thinks Castiel will complain about that.
. With a tailor and Benny just on the other side of the door. Maybe Benny isn't so bad, considering what he's seen, but the tailor? The man who already saw his body marked up? Who already saw his panties? Castiel feels his face go hot. The man will think he's a slut.
Pulling out a chair at the table, Sam sits down and stretches his long legs out in front of him. This could be a long conversation and not one he particularly wants to have in spite of the fact that he’s spent the entire week wondering exactly the same thing. He's surprised they've got to the weekend without either of them bringing it up. Gabriel plates up crispy waffles, douses them in whipped cream and maple syrup, tops with strawberries soaked in balsamic vinegar, and deposits his work of art in front of Sam.
He wants a family of his own. He wants a wife and children and a dog and the white picket fence and barbecues in the summer. He wants it all. He can see it so clearly: a son and daughter of his own, playing with the twins, Lexie and Billie old enough to help take care of the younger ones. Lexie would carry Jimmy’s little girl around in a piggy back, his hair long and curly and blowing in his face with the ocean breeze as they play on the beach. Billie, sharp as a tack, would be talking to the adults and showing Jimmy and his wife the newest book he got for Christmas or his birthday. Sam and Jess might even be there. They’d all be laughing and having fun. But that dream always fades away to nothing, to the way his life is now: alone in a too-big house with a sick nephew and a brother who won’t speak to him at all. In his mid-thirties now, pushing late-thirties, he’s been consistently fighting off the gnawing fear that he’s left it too late.
“I don't know,” Lexie shrugs, cuddling closer to his father. His bare feet are cold and Cas catches them both in one hand to warm them. “Billie said he was there.”
Then the bathroom as they kiss and embrace under the paltry shower spray and Dean promises to fix it for him one day very soon. Castiel is solid muscle and Dean’s mouth explores every inch of skin he can reach.
He needs to get up. Get out of the house, get away from here. But he doesn’t have anywhere he can go. Sam would freak out if he turned up on the step like this. What the hell was he thinking, making this call? Out of desperation and the concern that Amara will return, the next words force themselves from his lips almost without his consent.
“Hey, c’mon now. It's alright. I'm not leaving, okay? I just needed some space.” His throat hurts. Everything hurts.
has to be the single hottest person Dean’s ever seen in his life. And that includes Doctor Sexy, plus all the men in uniform he’d lusted after in his late teens. He’s like all of them combined, rolled up together into the dreamiest person to ever walk the face of the earth.
He's considered selling the house and moving away back to their hometown, but it feels like a knee-jerk reaction to something that can hopefully - possibly - be remedied. If he does that, ups and leaves at the first sign of trouble with his brother, it will likely be the final nail in the coffin of their relationship. And becoming estranged from Cas - never seeing Dean or the children again - doesn't bear thinking about.
Thanking her quickly, he pays and backs away, leaving almost ten bucks change for her collection. He didn't want to think about that, not tonight.
“Dean, I'm sorry,” Amara sobs, her voice thick with tears. “I don't know what happened, I don't know why I did it, I'm so
“It’s your fault!” The cry comes from Castiel, his voice choked and breaking on the last word. “You didn’t save him! You could have saved him, and you
She regrets the incident in the bathroom, naturally. But they’ve long since made up, and Dean seems extra attentive this week so she’s sure everything is just as it was before anything occurred. Now if only those cuts would heal... Amara feels a little nauseous every time she looks at them.
“His new wife, Madeleine,” Molly Brown whispers to him conspiratorially when the pair have turned away to greet other passengers. At Sam’s sharp look, she gives him a smile. “I saw you looking.”
Soon, warm lips brush the nape of his neck and Dean’s arm winds around his waist, pulling him close against his body.
“I don’t decorate,” Castiel says quietly and when Dean chances a proper look at him he sees Castiel reaching out to touch a bauble with his fingertips then run a finger along the garland adoring the porch railing. “I haven’t for years. I didn’t see the point, really. Everyone else decorated and looking at their seemed to be enough. Your house looks lovely.” He indicates Dean’s house, lit up like a fairytale across the street, and doesn’t elaborate any further.
“No,” he says tightly, swiping his towel up from the floor and slinging it over his shoulder. “I'm not. It's all yours.”
He needs a break. A decent, long-term break. From what exactly he isn’t sure, but he knows that he’s never felt quite so stressed and so strained as he does at the moment. He’d pissed into the toilet bowl and is now sitting with his back against the bathroom door, knees drawn up and elbows on them, unwilling to go back to bed. His heart is racing and he feels nauseous with anxiety, an emotion he’s become intimately familiar with over the last few months. Next to him, his phone sits with its screen dark, no longer displaying his online banking app. He’d got a text message just before bed, warning him that he’s nearing his overdraft limit on his private account and it had filled him with such panic that he’d deleted the message immediately. Out of sight, out of mind and all that. But it isn’t out of mind, not really. It’s making him ill, worrying about money to this extent. He should maybe do something about it, go and see his bank manager or get a business consultant in to help crunch some numbers at the garage. Maybe he should see a damn doctor. But it feels all too much like admitting defeat, like he’s struggling, and he doesn’t want to be that person. His father had always instilled into him that he should look after his family, his younger brother, his future wife, future children. And Amara’s words from the other night have cut him deeply. He’d always thought of himself a success, had been so proud of the business he’d built from nothing. But now it doesn’t feel like success. It’s like an anchor around his neck, a millstone, and it’s dragging him down into the depths of depression. He’s floundering. Trapped.
the text reads, and Dean stares at his phone for so long that the screen goes dark as the handset locks itself. He doesn’t switch it back on. Instead, he turns it over and over in his hands, waiting for his coffee to brew, and mulling over how to respond. Dinner with Sam and Gabriel. Tonight. At their place, presumably. He should go. Of course he should go. There’s no reason why he shouldn’t. He had been planning to go to the gym on his way home from work later, but it’s a Saturday night and even Sam wouldn’t consider that a valid excuse. Gabriel certainly wouldn’t.
“I'm great,” he replies, almost slurring his words as a relaxed smile spreads across his face. “Nearly asleep.”
He steps out onto the promenade deck and closes the door behind him, effectively cutting off Jack’s desperate protestations. Poor kid. Sam has him running around after him like an eager puppy and it’s a little discomfiting to watch. He means to speak to Sam about his attitude of late, hiring staff at every turn and summoning them whenever he sees fit, then sending them to Dean to harass him in one way or another, usually under the guise of ‘advice’ or ‘requests’. Dean just wants to be left to his own devices.
“Dean?” Castiel appears at the door, pale and tired but eyes bright and lively - he’s been awake for a while. He’s wrapped in a thick cardigan, barefoot, his pajama pants a little too long for him, and is holding a steaming mug in both hands.  “I thought you were asleep. Did I wake you?”
“Uh huh.” Jo doesn’t buy it for one moment and leans into Sam, quirking an eyebrow at the elder Winchester. “So if he happened to be totally staring at you right now, you wouldn’t look twice?”
Then, as he’d been eating breakfast and trying to get himself into the right frame of mind for the day ahead, his phone had trilled out a shrill chime and every muscle in his body had tensed then relaxed. Dean. Dean, calling to make amends, to sort everything out. He felt a swell of emotion rise up within him as he swiped his phone towards him and hit ‘accept’ without looking at the caller ID.
“Don't be so dramatic, Dean.” She puts her purse down on the table, fishes out her phone and starts texting. “You always get so wound up and it's childish.”
But now, glancing back at Dean, he sees that his brother’s eyes are focused entirely on someone other than his ex. The cop has turned their way and is waving at them to get off the road with furrowed brows. With a spark of glee, Sam pulls Dean’s arm and shoves him bodily towards the sidewalk - and right into the path of the cop.
Dean, being Dean, just has to pry. “Why not?” He scoots just a little closer. “Why don’t you decorate? Don’t you like Christmas? You don’t seem like a Grinch to me.”
He’s in the master bathroom, deciding to urinate there instead of in the en suite, not wanting to wake Amara. She has a busy day at work tomorrow and he doesn’t want to deal with being snapped at for waking her up and interrupting her sleep. He hasn’t slept at all, in spite of going to bed at nine o’clock and reading for an hour. It usually sends him straight to sleep but not tonight. His dog-eared copy of
“What time are you home?” Cas is absently playing with the glinting band on his left ring finger, the one Dean put there only a few months ago. “I thought we could have a barbecue on the beach? Jimmy wants to come over too.”
“None at all!” There's a clatter, the sound of Gabriel messing about with baking trays. “Just a flash of inspiration, Cassie.” Dean smirks in spite of himself; Cas
Standing and swallowing down that thought, he heads upstairs and unlocks the heavy front door, pulling it open and welcoming the morning summer breeze that winds its way in from outside. Words, half-formed, die on his lips at the sight of his visitor.
“Mmm.” Dean follows his gaze and makes a noncommittal sound. “It’s exhausting, pretending to be a gentleman all the time. I think I’d have more fun in steerage.”
“Meg!” He groans, tipping his head back and covering his face with his hands. Her foot finds his, sans its stiletto heel, and moves slowly up his calf. “Not now.”
He wasn't rough, not at all. His mind is going a mile a minute as possibilities stream through it, each more unlikely than the last. Cas shakes his head, tears trickling down his temples to lose themselves in his dark hair. His arms come to fall above his head and he closes his eyes, biting his bottom lip in sorrow.
“Yes, I know. I’ve been watching you and your brother since you boarded.” The man sips slowly from his own glass, regarding Dean with a strange type of interest. His gaze is curious, yet simultaneously dismissive, as though he wants to know a little more about Dean but thinks that whatever he might find out will be of little interest to him. “New money, aren’t you?”
He fumbles on the nightstand for his phone and squints at his emails. One from a guy overseas, Raphael, searching for a rare edition of a script from the Old Testament. Fat chance, Castiel thought, but if anyone can find it then he can. He knows why people come to him with this type of peculiar, unorthodox request. He has a reputation amongst his peers for being able to source things nobody else can, and he’s made a name for himself within his niche industry. He wonders where Raphael got his name and email address from. The screen is blurred without his glasses and he has to close one eye and squint to read it properly.
“Dean,” Amara says slowly, sliding her coat from her shoulders as she takes in the sight of the papers. “What's this?”
It’s raining outside. It’s the kind of light drizzle that soaks you to the skin within seconds, and the sky is heavy with the promise of more to come. It’s going to be a long day for anyone who needs to venture outside for any reason at all, especially if umbrellas and raincoats are in short supply. This type of rain sticks to eyelashes and eyebrows, makes hair glitter with the finest of water droplets, and seeps through clothing onto skin and into pockets to leave a wet sheen on anything residing inside. The wind doesn’t help either, and it sends blankets of rain buffeting against windows and doors, making glass panes rattle and creak.
There's something up with Cas, he thinks once again, worry sitting low in his gut. Dean has been trying to figure it out for days now, ever since the incident on the beach. He looks exhausted constantly yet seems to be sleeping just fine, and whenever Dean tentatively enquiries as to how he's feeling he's swiftly dismissed or rebuffed. Cas is fine, apparently. Everything is
A white picket fence divides the passengers from the onlookers, people waving each other off, some waving back animatedly while other lift their chins and walk with an air of superiority, as though
“He hit a patch of ice and lost control of the car.” Castiel glances down at his hands. “Christmas hasn’t been the same since, although I admit I’ve found it difficult to try and enjoy it. I haven’t been able to see the point in decorating, especially if it’s just me here alone. But now…” He looks up at the lights, the tinsel, the wreath on the door, and his blue eyes seem to glow as he does. Snow sparkles on his lashes. “The house looks lovely. And you’ve done such a nice job.”
“I’ll speak to him this week,” he says and Gabriel nods in approval. “I hope Castiel wasn’t too upset.”
As he eats, he rolls his shoulders and sighs in discomfort. Less than thirty seconds later, Dean is behind him and massaging the nape of his neck with gentle, deep strokes of his thumbs. One hand comes up to wind through his hair while the other works its way across his shoulders and down his spine and he groans at how good it feels. How long has it been since Dean has touched him like this? It feels like months but he knows it can’t be more than a few days. He closes his eyes and relaxes into the massage, losing all sense of time for a moment or two. He's
“Nope.” Placing his hands on his knees to help himself stand, Dean inclines his head to Crowley. “It’s been a long day. I’m sure I’ll see you tomorrow,” then, as the waiter reappears as if from nowhere with a fresh decanter and clears away the empty one, he adds, “if there is one.”
The guy glances up as he walks past, out of the changing rooms, and looks like he's about to say something but Castiel ignores him completely. Whatever he has to say, it isn't of any interest.
Especially when Dean wraps his arms around Castiel and whispers in his ear, “You make me so goddamn happy, Castiel.”
“I came up with an idea to help you tonight. Something to keep you feeling grounded and safe through the party.”
Dean turns away from them, not caring how elegant they may be. Perhaps he’ll give the floggers a look at some other time. Right now, they’re not up for discussion.
The cabinets are all white, the countertops matching the island. The walls are a light gray, and the appliances are stainless steel. The chairs at the island are a light blue that reminds Dean of the ocean on a sunny day.
Castiel picks at a thread from Gabriel’s comforter, ignoring how hard his hand is shaking. “Do you think he’ll make me… ya know?”
"Was that okay?" he rasps, his body literally trembling as he fights something inside himself. Something I can't feel. Something I can't understand.
“Because-” he pauses, swallowing hard. His blue eyes flick across my face. Searching. Studying. Memorizing. At least, that’s what it seems like. It’s certainly what I’m doing to his.
“Hate it,” Dean admits, his voice teetering on the edge of another sob. “Wanna be good for you, sir.”
These past two weeks have been absolutely chaotic for me. Not only with the holidays but with some other family things as well. Thank you all for being so patient! Here's an extra chapter to show how much I love you all <3 (:
“Well you know I’ve been staying outside his place?” My dad nods. “With the storm last night, he let me in. We talked and… made up. We’ve been passing notes and today we officially got back together in one of them.”
Sir brings his hands up so his fingers can fiddle with Dean’s nipples. Dean shouts before thinking. He’s already sinking down in defeat before sir can say, “That’s three.”
“Because you’ve dreamt of going away to college since you learned what college was. Then, after realizing how fucking amazing you are with music, you’ve dreamt of going to The Edlund Institute. But dad said absolutely not. Refused to even let you leave the house. Makes you take online classes. And you never fought it. You’ve been a legal adult for nearly a year now, and you’re still right here, miserable and angry.”
“What time are ya’ll leaving?” Benny asks as they walk out of the bedroom and down the main hall. They’re headed in the wrong direction, straight towards the playroom door, but if Benny notices, he says nothing.
Benny comes out a few minutes later, interrupting my over-analysis of the conversation with Castiel. I tell him he did great and congratulate him on his win, and he gives me a hug that seems to linger, seeming very non-platonic. He says against my temple, “Thanks for coming.”
about Dean right now. He's clearly in his element. Uninhibited. Dangerous. Powerful. It's a darkly beautiful artistry that Castiel can't get himself to look away from.
"Yeah, but that's not my position anymore, baby brother. I think Dean is doing a good job filling the spot. Let him."
He keeps one leg straight, turning the other leg to press a foot against the opposite leg’s calf, making a triangle with his limbs.
Even though my dad and the alpha are the same exact person, there’s a difference. The threat hangs in the air between us. It vibrates through our thread until I feel my muscles ache with it.
She smirks. "To just… be teenage boys that like each other. To go back to who you were before you presented. Go to football games. Flirt. Date. Sneak kisses. See if you want to be with him."
I growl at her, baring my teeth. Jack puts his hand on my shoulder and squeezes hard enough to hurt. "I'm not interested."
“No. Nothing you can control.” Dean runs a hand along the curve of Castiel’s jaw. “Sir is just going to help you shut that pesky mind of yours off for a bit. Would you like that, sweetheart?”
“Enough, Castiel,” Dr. Edlund says in his strong, commanding voice, cutting Castiel off. Castiel leans forward again, resting his elbows on his knees and putting his face in his hands. “Ripping yourself apart does nothing to help you or Dean. We’ve discussed that.”
. Considering Dean is now tying Castiel’s wrists to the metal hoops on the headboard, the bed can only be so safe.
“Good boy.” Castiel pulls his cell phone out, then walks over to the kitchen where Dean’s is plugged in so they could play music. He calls himself from Dean’s phone and places them both on speaker. Dean watches him carefully as Castiel places Dean’s cell phone on the coffee table. “My phone is on speaker, as is yours. If you need to safeword, I’ll be here to listen. I’ll come down immediately while talking you through whatever it is you’re upset about, okay?”
“Glad you did.” Castiel pauses, the air around them coming to a standstill as the frantic charge defuses. His large hand comes up to cup Dean’s face and god he’s
." Dean's voice falls off, his muscles relaxing as he sees Castiel. His eyes turn soft, his lips forming a tentative smile. "Castiel. Are you joining us for dinner tonight? Should be finished soon."
Dean growls as his final shreds of self-control dissolve. He digs his fingers into Castiel's slim hips and begins to fuck into him, doing his best to stay at a steady pace until the boy adjusts. He could watch the sight beneath him forever. His sexy boy getting all worked up, needy cock trying to spill but unable to, cheeks flushed, chest rising and falling erratically, blue eyes wide and locked onto him.
"Are you done being a goof?” Dean asks - mostly to keep himself from admitting he’s in love. “I'd like to check in."
"I was drinking tonight." Castiel stays silent, gritting his teeth to keep from bursting in anger. His rapid heartbeat makes him nearly miss Dean's soft, "I don't know why I just told you that."
Omegas have to be near a pack for them to present. Otherwise, it’s not necessary. There’s no reason for their bodies to be put through so much when there’s no one around to breed them.
By the time he's in his dressing room with clothes he doesn't even remember choosing, he's crying softly. The tailor gives him privacy to try everything on. He just stands there staring at himself in the mirror instead.
Blue eyes stay locked on that bed. It's a California King. Plenty of room. But Dean can see the panic. He can see the way Castiel’s body is beginning to twitch and tremble. He can see the way his breathing is turning uneven and shallow.
“Maybe I should be glad you’re letting me go. I don’t think I want to get stuck helping in the same way they all are.” Dean glances behind Castiel, smirking. “Though, I really do need Benny. He’s skipped two meetings already.”
Startled, Castiel looks down with wide eyes to find a little boy flat on his butt, a miniature version of the thing Dean calls a cart lying on its side beside him. The boy is crying as he takes in the spilled contents of his mini-cart. The package of Oreos has torn open and the little carton of milk is in a puddle.
The man does as he said he would, fingers slipping beneath his waistband beginning at each hip, slowly moving towards his zipper. He swears the music is getting louder. The man’s eyes squint at him, his features softening. Dean starts to gravitate forward, his body out of control as it silently begs for a kiss. All he can do is blink.
Castiel takes Dean’s cock in his mouth without preamble, smiling around it when his pet cries out. He makes sure it’s dripping wet before pulling back.
“Dean?” Castiel asks softly, reaching a hand out toward him before quickly dropping it. “Are you okay?”
"Mmm. Fitting." Dean scoots closer, making Castiel's hands tremble again. Thankfully they're no longer resting on the keys. "Would you play it again for me?"
He’s feeling tired, his body wanting to sink under again, but he can’t let himself fall back asleep until he knows Jimmy is okay.
Dean makes a sound that’s caught between choking and gasping. He clears his throat twice. “You - you’re a
“You’re going to keep your mate safe.” He squeezes my shoulder and gives me a comforting smile, but there’s a weight to his words. Almost a warning. I want to ask if maybe he wasn’t able to keep Dean’s dad safe. I want to ask if that’s why he left all those years ago and never came back. I want to ask how my dad could have possibly let him go, how it hadn’t torn him into two, because I can’t even fathom losing Dean and I’ve only known him a few days.
“Castiel - Oh no. Let’s fix all this, hmm?” Castiel nods slowly, feeling awfully anxious about this whole thing. All he wants is for his body to calm down so he can sink into Dean and feel safe again. He hates this feeling of not feeling secure in his own body.
Dean peeks over at Castiel as he chops a carrot with such intense concentration you would think he was trying to figure out how to launch a rocket. He can’t help but smile to himself. When Castiel had first suggested helping Dean cook, Dean wanted to shut him down. He’s glad he didn’t. Even if the dish isn’t perfect, Dean wouldn’t trade this experience for the world.
The look he exchanges with the doctor is all that needs to be said. Castiel looks back at Dean. Dean’s no longer looking at him. And he’s crying. “Dean, I’m sorry. Fuck, babe. I’m sorry.”
Castiel opens and closes his mouth a few times before shaking his head and looking away. "How does that not terrify you? Because it fucking terrifies me."
The slight choking sound Dean makes is both adorable and sexy. If they were just a little further along in this brand-new relationship, Castiel would be strapping him in and exploring it right this second.
“Still with me, Castiel?” Dean asks as he drags the tip of a finger down the side of Castiel’s neck and across his bare shoulder.
Dean focuses his eyes on sir’s cock and begins teasing his hole with one lubed finger. He wonders if sir will fuck him tonight. Surely that’s the plan, right? Otherwise why would he want Dean to prep himself?
Dean looks away from Castiel, his eyes traveling around the room. “It may be fancy, but it really is a prison, isn’t it?”
Looking on the verge of tears, Dean admits, "I've always wanted a real family. I wanted one with you."
"Mr. Winchester is hard to please. Perhaps he's different at home, or with you, but I've been working here for a year now beneath the head tailor, and trust me, that man doesn't settle for anything but perfect. I'm surprised he's letting me help. I figured he'd insist on waiting for my boss to be back in town."
Annoyance flickers in Castiel’s chest at the fact that everyone probably knows who he is and why he’s here, making him feel like some mail order bride that’s Dean’s property to flaunt around, but this lady seems nice. Maybe she can help him.
“To be sleeping,” Castiel grumbles before releasing a long, dramatic sigh and pushing Dean off him so he can roll and press his body on top of the man’s. Dean’s hands settle on his waist and squeeze as if they’re trying to see if Castiel’s body is real. “I love you too. I want to be with you.”
Then I can’t help but notice that he’s no longer covered by my sweater, and his cock is hard and glistening at the tip.
So Castiel stayed in bed. He listened to Dean lead the guest down the hall. Listened to low rumbling voices saying words he couldn't understand. And Castiel was fine. Really. He was.
“Mmmm. Good answer.” Dean claims his mouth, taking him by surprise. Castiel gasps before melting into it, parting his lips and letting Dean plunder him. When he’s apparently had enough, Dean pulls away. His voice is husky when he asks, “And the punishments? Are they just a consequence of the thrill, or do you like those too?”
“I consider chastity a separate kink, but since it’s surprisingly not on this list, we can discuss both. Orgasm control and denial is just me prolonging your release during our scene. Making you wait. Bringing you to the edge before pulling you back. Then doing it again. It can also be referred to as edging. I enjoy edging very much, so if you’re comfortable with it, you’ll deal with it a lot. Complete denial will only ever be for a punishment. Now, chastity, for me, is putting you in a device for longer than one scene.”
With the first true hit, harsh and direct, painting a slash of pink across the fleshy underside of his ass cheeks, the boy keens. Dean informs him casually, “That was for not listening when I told you to hold still the first time.”
But Castiel. As Dean takes a seat beside Castiel, the boy stares at him with eyes that worry. With eyes that saw what Dean saw. He places a hand over Dean’s and gives it a comforting squeeze. “He just realized it wasn’t worth the fight.”
But then Dean came out of the bathroom in jeans, and he had never seen the man in jeans. They looked worn. Soft. They hung loose on his hips.
Dean doesn’t want to pull him out of that so he sits back and just allows Castiel to feel and experience the rope around him. He wonders what Castiel’s feeling right now. When he had done the rope bondage course with Charlie years ago, they tied each other up as practice. It had felt nice. Secure. Grounding. It had never felt like this, though. Dean hadn’t gone near a type of subspace. He hadn’t even gotten aroused.
"Oh, yes. I've known Dean since he was just a baby. Great man. But of course, you know that. Or else ya wouldn't be with him."
“I mean, you saw me after I got home…” Dean shrugs, unable to meet his brother’s eye. “Is it so unbelievable that I was in a dark place while there?”
“You’re okay, baby,” he coos to Castiel, trying to sound confident. Usually it’s Castiel doing this to Dean, not the other way around. Castiel is the expert at handling breakdowns. Dean feels clumsy and useless right now. He knows this is what Castiel would be doing, though - holding him and promising him that everything’s okay. So, that’s what Dean keeps doing. “I’ve got you. You’re okay, Cas. I’m right here.”
That pain from before wasn’t that bad. He decides to piss the man off instead of giving in, wanting to prove to sir that he’s tougher than he seems, tougher than the weak boy who is always crying and anxious, who can never fucking take care of himself. “Fuck you and your fucking games.”
Castiel and Gabriel exchange a very intense look. This may have been one of Dean’s key questions he’s been wanting to ask, but it’s quite obviously a question they had been dreading.
“Not that it matters, of course. They’re kicking my ass out. Said my brain is too fucked up for combat.”
"Fun is over, Cassie. We have to finish this. Remember? It's so close. The world is so close to ending. Then daddy won't have his precious Earth anymore with his precious little humans."
“Yes?” Castiel asks with his eyebrows raised, looking over at Dean like he’s a puppy waiting for a treat or praise.
Dean looks back at him in confusion. “Lauderdale.” Then he takes a breath and shifts in his chair. “What has this got to do with security?”
It’s warm. Cozy, even. The flooring is dark hardwood, but in the center against the far wall is a set of two large platforms the size of a normal bedroom. The platforms are each black, maybe six inches or so in height, and have a black rounded zig-zagged pattern around all the edges.  They’re lit from the inside with this dark, golden lighting that matches the warm lighting of the rest of the room. Castiel walks toward the bed on the top platform, having to climb the two-step staircase to reach it. His fingers itch to touch, but he forces himself to keep his hands to himself, just looking instead.
Dean's amused confidence vanishes when Castiel steps forward, the main light washing over him. He's glad he isn't fully standing because he's fairly certain his legs would have given out. Benny had told him to try and look this kid up, but Dean hadn't wanted to, just like he didn't want to see a picture from Chuck. It hadn't mattered. The marriage was happening either way.
The two men glare at each other for a few seconds. Then, sneering at my dad, Bobby growls, “Of course it’d be your son. I should have known it’d be your boy who put mine in danger.”
“Yeah? You’ve seen everything? Know what everything’s for?” Dean steps in closer, pressing his erection against Castiel’s hip and feeling the boy’s hard cock doing the same to him. He brushes the thumb nearest to Castiel’s mouth across his plump bottom lip, then gently tugs at it. “I could show you anything you’re curious about.”
Castiel whimpers. Doesn’t nod or shake his head. Doesn’t even wiggle his hips. With a tilt of his head, Dean assesses the situation. “Sweetheart? Can you tell me what color you are?”
Benny is standing in a lilac colored suit that he’s slightly too big for, his tie covered in a pink, purple, and blue floral pattern. He’s holding a bouquet of mostly white flowers with pops of pink, purple, and blue sporadically placed around them.
“Crowley is calling a pack meeting. Leave the omega whore alone. I’ll come water and feed it later.”
“Do you see how he’s starting to sag in his ropes? The way his head is lulling?” Castiel nods. “He’s starting to float. It’s called subspace. It’s different for everyone. Some experience it for a long time, some only for a few seconds after coming. Some go completely out of it, unaware of everything, while others feel fuzzy but are still aware. This boy looks like he starts entering it before coming. Can you see it? In his eyes? He’s floating away.”
I realize as he had been speaking that I had pressed my body as close to the outside of Bobby’s house as I could get, trying to get closer to Dean where he rested on the other side in his bed. The thought of him being hurt, of him being bred by someone else, of him hating me, of him running away from me, burns inside my chest until I worry I can’t breathe.
"It's a start." Castiel suddenly feels like he should give Dean something back. But what? He has nothing to offer. There's nothing Dean can't have.
He twists his neck to make the leather collar rub against his skin, using it to ground himself like sir told him to. He focuses solely on that sensation as he reminds himself that sir would never abandon him. Would never do anything to hurt him.
"Nothing to worry about." Dean waves a hand when Castiel opens his mouth. "I'm serious. It can wait. Nothing earth-shattering is waiting for you. Make tonight about yourself, Castiel. It's been a long day."
Castiel closes his eyes, trying to remember two days worth of memories. He can’t. The panic in his chest swells and his body begins to violently twitch instead of the constant vibrating.
Something warm and intense swirls in Dean’s gut. “Happening here, like with us? Or just in the house? The situation?”
His best friend Benny brings him a refill just as a group of people down below start cheering. Dean leans over to look at what's going on and smiles when he sees that some cutie with messy black hair is starting to strip, his button-up shirt getting thrown into the crowd. The crowd boos when he stops there but he says something over the music about patience and everyone laughs and starts dancing again. Many people seem to be waiting for a turn to grind on the guy.
"Earth to Castiel!" Charlie laughs, snapping her fingers in front of his face. He blinks rapidly and registers a waiter standing politely at their side. Charlie asks, "You ready to order over there, daydreamer?"
They all sigh in relief, waiting for him to lead the way. Guilt presses on his chest as he realizes how much he’s fucked up in the past few hours. First with Castiel, and now with his own men. Dean always hated how much of an ass his father was to the lackeys, like their only purpose in life was to exist solely to serve him. Dean never wanted to be like that.
“Sure did. Isn’t he beautiful?” Castiel blushes at Dean’s words, looking off to the side as his heart begins to race. “I already sent in his form for the background check. Thomas cleared him. Castiel.”
“Oh, no, thank you. I’m not hungry.” It’s not a lie. Castiel hasn’t eaten since lunch yesterday, before he was handed off like a prize. Yet, he’s not hungry. He just feels empty.
Whining pathetically, Castiel looks over his shoulder the best he can and begs, “Please fuck me, sir! Please, please, please!”
Dean’s stomach flutters from the praise. He watches with hooded eyes as Castiel begins to kiss his way down his body. Then he’s throwing his head back and floating away in a moment of bliss as Castiel’s lips expertly wrap around his cock like the man’s been sucking it all his life.
Dean groans. It’s impossible not to. The dirty words spoken in such a sweet little voice does crazy fucking things to him.
“At first, when he was falling for you, I just saw you as… well, as a nuisance, Dean. I apologize for that, but you deserve my honesty. I saw you as an obstacle. I wanted him to hurry the hell up and sell you before you flipped our world upside down.”
Dean realizes how angry and dark his voice has become, but when he looks at Castiel to see if it bothered him, Castiel seems turned on. “You’ll protect me,” Castiel says quietly but confidently, his pupils flashing in arousal.
"Yeah." As my body comes out of the state he had put it in, my mind solidifies. I shake my head in confusion as details of our kiss, of our time together, of the wolf in the forest, try to fit together. "Castiel?"
Dean saves him from worrying too much. He looks up from the collar and firmly says, “No. I want it just the way it is.”
“This part is real,” I explain. “But I found this clearing and I laid down, and now I’m thinking I fell asleep there. But it doesn’t make sense if I fell asleep there, because then I would have had to wake up to come home, and part of the dream was me coming home and then I was just home but I shouldn’t have been home if it was a dream.”
“I - wow. Okay.” Dean looks at Castiel fully then, his chest aching when he sees the anguish in the man’s expression. His instinct is to pull Castiel close and hold him until he feels better, but there’s still that tiny part of Dean - the stubborn asshole part that probably won’t ever fully forgive Castiel for all that he’s done - that wants to make Castiel squirm a bit.
Dean takes his mind off of things by turning the radio on. He finds the classic rock station and starts singing along, clearly in a great mood. It helps ease the anxiety in Castiel’s chest. He even cracks a smile when Dean starts to serenade him with a
anymore. He sneaks out of the bed and tugs on some sweats and a shirt, grabbing his phone from the nightstand. He’s already dialing Gabriel’s number before he’s reached the bottom of the stairs.
The babe makes Dean pause, his face freezing as he stares wide-eyed at Castiel. He clearly isn’t sure if they’re still at that point together or if they’ve slid too far backwards.
“Don’t push. Just give him space to breathe. Listen to him. Be patient. Kind. Let him know you’re there.”
Castiel looks at the dead body. He remembers how hot it was to watch the knife drag along the man's body. How exhilarating he imagined it would be. "I trust you not to go too far. I trust you not to hurt me in a bad way."
Castiel rolls his eyes, laughing softly. “Can I plan the wedding as a surprise for you? I’m going to make it perfect. Like… a present to you. I don’t have any money or anything like that, and I don’t really have anything to give you… but the wedding could be like a present, right?” Castiel’s eyebrows suddenly pull in. “Is that stupid?”
"I'm so gonna win the bet! This is awesome! Can you maybe tell him that by the end of this week? Friday at noon, preferably?" When Castiel pulls his hands away to stare at her in confusion, she blushes. "Sorry, just, we all sort of have a pool going on when the two of you will give in to this obvious
“Castiel.” Dean snaps his eyes down to look at him. There’s no anger in his eyes, though. At least not towards Castiel. He has that same look he had in the hallway on Castiel’s first day, when he had asked Castiel if someone had hurt him. Murderous. “That man taught me how to use toys on a submissive. That’s it. He doesn’t know me or what I want. What I need. Okay?”
Castiel watches Dean’s every move as he fills a glass with ice and water before bringing it to Castiel. He places it on the table beside Castiel’s plate, blushing when Castiel thanks him.
“Good boy. So good.” The blindfold is secured around his eyes and he allows himself to sink into the darkness. To give in to the sensation of the rope on his skin. The heat of Dean nearby. The feel of precum dripping onto his left thigh.
“I’m sure he’ll let him soon,” Dean says in a slow drawl, keeping the possible double meaning of the question in mind. “Since he’s being such a good boy.”
Dean blinks up at him, caught completely off guard. “Uh… that ain’t cologne. No that’s the Axe Effect.”
Before Castiel can respond, his body is being assaulted by freezing cold water. It feels like needles along his skin. He tries gritting his teeth, wanting to act tough, but when Benny turns the spray onto his genitals he loses the battle. He shrieks. Benny laughs cruelly.
“Yeah? Good. That’s good.” Castiel rubs at the back of his neck nervously. “I sort of noticed that your favorite type of aftercare is taking baths, and I really liked doing that with you too, so… yeah. I - yeah. Thought maybe you’d like this, I guess.”
With a roar of fury, the stranger flicks his hand and sends Dean flying across the room. Dean's body hits the wall with a sickening crunch as Jimmy screams. He runs over to Dean on trembling legs, hands outstretched, but an invisible wall stops him. He turns to the stranger in confusion and terror. "What do you want from me?"
Either way, when Lieutenant Winchester suggests, “Maybe we could get something to eat or grab a drink once you’re settled in?” Jimmy nods rapidly.
There's a sigh of relief, which is hilarious considering what Castiel has planned, but he makes sure not to laugh so he doesn't give himself away. "Thank you, sir."
Thank you for all the love and comments, and for your patience with this fic. I've had some exciting personal news so it's taking up a bit of my time, so I appreciate you all waiting on these updates ♥
But now, Sam’s concern feels justified, and he's kicking himself for not pushing Dean harder in their past conversations. He's seen for himself the spiteful, vicious streak Amara has in her but now he's starting to wonder if it's more than that. If she's capable of more than just throwing the odd insult at Dean, more than just bossing him around like a child.
. Even your brother offered you money. I'm tired of being with someone with no aspirations, no financial stability, no future. I want more than this!”
“Dogs, right?” Dean cuts him off smoothly, kneeling down to ruffle the ears of Jarvis, their rescue Cocker who has trooped over obediently to see what all the fuss is about. He’s old, going blind and deaf, but is man’s secret favourite out of the pair. “You guys should get a third. All this space, seems like a waste not to.”
She laughs, sliding the straps of her dress off her shoulders and shimmying out of it, moving to the closet to hang it up. Dean lifts an arm and sniffs curiously. He thinks he smells okay but then again he's had a night of fairly heavy drinking and Amara is marginally more sober than he is so she's probably right. He stumbles into the bathroom, bracing himself against the shower screen and feeling the glass give a little beneath his hand. He strips off the remainder of his clothes and stands for a moment just looking at himself in the mirror. He looks okay, he thinks, for a guy in his mid-30s. His hair is still as thick and shiny as it's always been, no sign of grays yet. Fine lines around his eyes, laughter lines at his lips. A decent tan from working outdoors and weekends spent hiking and fishing. Green eyes that look darker in certain lights and brighter in others. A crease between his forehead that he's sure wasn't this deep last time he looked. He scrubs at it with a crooked knuckle but it doesn't fade.
Sam kicks him under the table and they both laugh, sharing a gooey smile that makes Dean sick with both disgust and envy. He remembers when he and Amara used to look at each other like that and mean it. His eyes drift back to her and she’s smiling at him, still holding his hand and rubbing her thumb over his knuckles, but her grip is a little tighter than it should be and there are lines at the corners of her mouth that don’t quite look right. She’s smarting from the conversation, he knows. She hates discussing money, so does he. He steels himself for a difficult conversation when they get home, and tries to enjoy the rest of the evening. Jarvis pushes his head into Dean’s lap and he sneaks him scraps from his plate, fondling his ears and enjoying the warm presence at his side.
“Fine,” Castiel’s cheeks pink up a little at the nickname. “The kids wanted to see what you're up to.”
to the dock, and Sam swallows hard as he sees the First Class passengers boarding, knowing that within minutes he will be following in their wake. The sun streams down upon them all, as though the Lord himself is blessing this maiden voyage. A crewman shouts, “This way! This way please, gentlemen! Come with me!” A young girl in a plain dress points up at the funnels with stars in her eyes, her whole face lit up with excitement as she holds her mother’s hand. Sam finds himself herded in the direction of other First Class passengers and takes it all in, as much as he can. The men wear bowler hats, flat caps, the women in beautifully tailored suits or simple but elegant dresses, perfect for the morning ahead.
It's the guy from the charity event. The guy on the arm of the woman who had insulted both him and Meg, who had stood by and said nothing. Had probably shared his wife's sentiments. So, in other words, an asshole. And Castiel is not in the mood for assholes, in any sense of the word. Even when they come in such a pretty package.
“I used to do this as a child,” Castiel says, and his voice is so flat and emotionless that it sends an unpleasant, creeping feeling up Dean’s spine. “Whenever anything upset me when I was young, my parents would always find me crying in the shower. My father would call it ‘sky tears’. Sitting here, feeling sad, letting the falling tears wash away my own. I always thought it was odd, since he made it sound as though the shower was crying. He’d always say, ‘Castiel is in the bathroom, crying sky tears. Leave him alone for a while.’ And everyone would. Everyone always listened to him. I’d forgotten all about that until…”
Jimmy can't quite work out what to say. He stands there holding the door open, blinking in the sunlight. He's about to ask his brother what's wrong, what he's doing here, when he sees his twin’s eyes are red, bloodshot, and his lips are chapped and sore from being bitten. Over his shoulder is a rucksack, old and battered, and he's thrown on an oversized sage green sweater, completely unsuitable for the warm weather, and it makes his normally tan skin look washed out. He looks like he's left the house in a hurry, and Jimmy glances behind him to see the car parked at a tragic angle on the sidewalk and no children in tow. His twin is alone. Before he can speak, Cas beats him to it with the words distorted by a choked sob, lashes sparkling with tears.
They’d had some rough times growing up. Nights spent alone in motel rooms while their dad worked long shifts, evenings with nothing to eat but Spaghetti-Os or Captain Crunch, Christmas mornings with no presents to open. But through all of the uncertainty of their childhoods, Dean had been the one constant in Sam’s life. So in later life, when Dean was all pent-up rage and self-hatred and throwing empty beer bottles at the walls or calling for bail money
me. Enjoy.” He pulls his own chair out with a screech that makes Sam’s ears ache, and almost swoons as he pops one of his own strawberries into his mouth. “Not to toot my own horn, but I am extremely talented.” He pushes a mug of coffee across to Sam who takes it gratefully. He’s going to need his energy for this. “So, about this brother of yours.”
But the petulance in Dean’s voice betrays him and he averts his eyes from his brother to his food in an effort to hide the flush working its way up his neck. In truth, he has peered out from behind the curtains when Castiel returns home from work or the gym, but there’s nothing creepy about it. He’s just… doing his civic duty. Making sure the neighbourhood is safe. Making sure Castiel gets to his door okay. It wouldn’t do for him to slip on the ice and nobody
it, but he chooses it. I’ve learned to respect that choice. He used to be the spirit of Christmas when we were kids, believe me. But times have changed, and Castiel changed with them.”
Now, Sam’s having flashbacks to their first apartment, a crummy studio with two single beds that wound up decorated like a frat dorm room - Sam’s poster of Stanford Law above his bed while Dean decorated his side of the wall with posters of firefighters, police officers, and strapping men in military uniform who stared Sam down as though challenging his every move. Some nights, he couldn’t sleep because he felt like they were staring at him. Or, he freaked himself out by imagining Dean looking at those images in an entirely different way and…
Castiel stands, brushes the snow off the back of his pants, then extends a hand to Dean and pulls him to his feet. The movement puts them very close together and Dean can smell the spicy orange and cinnamon of his shower gel. Christmassy. Delicious. Dean can’t help but lean in a little closer and inhale - in what he hopes is a subtle, unobtrusive way. Castiel smiles warmly at him, the glow of the lights turning his skin a beautiful golden and making his eyes sparkle. He’s looking at Dean as though seeing him for the first time and, slowly, links their hands together and draws Dean a little closer. Then he looks up and Dean, after watching the smooth lines of Castiel’s jaw and throat, follows his gaze and sees something he almost forgot he put up.
Dean had been at one such party. He was drunk, dancing around, making a complete fool out of himself. Cas couldn’t stop looking. It didn’t help that Dean caught him staring, ran up, threw his arm around Cas and asked “Did it hurt?”
Dean pats Jack on the shoulder, careful not to disturb Nougat, “I know. You’ll get there. Wanna drive?” Dean asks as he pulls his keys from his jacket.
Dad was dead and Sam had the audacity to walk away. You don’t walk away from this life. Dean had gotten piss drunk. Told Sam he was gonna find the demon that killed Dad and finish what their father had started.
“Dean,” Castiel says, inches from Dean’s face. Apparently angels don’t understand personal space. “I brought you some lunch.”
There’s someone at the desk. It’s the same mechanic who helped them yesterday. A grizzled old man, typing angrily on the computer.
“Watch and learn,” Charlie says. Dean was mostly joking but he can’t argue with the results. She selects one with three macaws drinking out of a margarita glass, multiple floral prints, accented with parrots, and one with flamingos. The sky blue background has the correct
Seaside California didn’t scream cowboy but Dean had found the trail ride advertised at the visitor center in town and saw an opportunity. Dean could not get on a horse and not wear a cowboy hat. It went against all known laws of nature. Of course, Cas was required to wear one as well.
He doesn’t matter what he intended. He’d left Cas and Jack behind. Cas had it hard enough working full time, raising Jack, and living with his insufferable siblings. He is about to launch into Sam when Rufus appears from his cabin. “Boys,” he calls, “I cannot thank you enough.”
Their postcard collection is getting quite large at this point. On the detour to Mount Hood, they decide to venture off I-5. There’s a lot of good camping between there and Crater Lake.
The angel’s face doesn’t register Castiel's question but his feathers rustle. The two of them just stand there for what feels like hours. Wings spread, faces cold and remote. Dean figures this is some kind of angelic pissing contest. He’s vaguely reminded of those bird mating dances from the nature documentaries Cas insists on watching.
That fucking shirt. He had the shirt custom-made years ago to annoy Sam. “My Hawaiian shirts are too much but you want that thing? I have no idea where it could be,” Dean responds.
“I make him dress up every year. You can’t answer the door on Halloween in a suit and tie. I swear he’s out of his mind sometimes.”
Cas hugs his son close, putting a palm against your forehead. “I can still detect a fever. I think another day of rest would be beneficial. Why don’t you tell Dean about what you’ve been doing since you last spoke.”
you feel...you feel so good. Please,” Cas gasps out. Dean’s getting close, he’s gonna lose it if Cas keeps saying shit like that. He leans down to stroke Cas’s dick in time with his thrusts.
Cas knows he’s fighting a losing battle. Dean is in full mother hen mode. As well, Cas doesn’t want to be unnecessarily obstinate in front of Jack. “If you insist. I’m on the old north road. Umm, I’d estimate a few miles from the intersection of 4th and Wesson.”
Dean tries to play it off. He’s not sure what’s happening right now.  “Umm, yeah, it's really hard to go on a two-week cruise. Even if I was to tag along, What’s your family going to do? Say mean things to me and treat me like shit? That was my entire childhood, I’ll survive.”
“How are your studies coming along,” Cas inquiries, straightening the pack straps on Jack’s backpack.
Castiel continues, voice perfectly even. “You refuse me because you feel you don’t deserve it. I cannot convince you otherwise. However, if we were married, you would not be taking from me but sharing. That is what married couples do, don’t they? Share their lives.”
“What about this one,” Dean asks an hour later, holding out his phone for Charlie to examine the Hawaiian shirt in question. It reminds Dean of those paper cups with the jazz design but with flamingos vomited across it.
“I’m fine, Cas. What in the hell was that? I thought the angels didn’t like to get too close to your bad vibes,” Dean asks, wiping the dirt from his jacket.
“My siblings saw fit to fix my faults. To make me perfect. I let them. I thought it necessary. I lost much of my memory during those procedures,” Cas finally says.
“What about this one?” Charlie asks. The shirt is a cheerful red, with palm trees strewn about. On each tree sits a large parrot, colored pink and gold.
So when Dean saw his neighbor pacing in front of his shitty car, his familiar screaming, in obvious need of a jump, Dean offered. It was suburbia after all and that’s what neighbors did. Be neighborly.
Cas turns to face Dean, “You sound very close with your brother. It can be difficult when such relationships change. You are exploring and setting boundaries when perhaps you have not in the past.”
“Dean,” Cas whispers as the video starts. “I wanted to show you these.” He gestures to a cardboard box, below his head. “Guinea pig pups!” The video shuffles as Cas lowers his phone into the box. “The sow had a case of dystocia but Meg was able to get everyone delivered safe and sound. Aren’t they adorable?”
Dean’s heart beats rapidly in his chest. He looks around. No one seems to have noticed that one of the innkeeps just grew a set of wings.
Dean isn’t a fan of getting out of his cozy camper so fucking early but it might be worth it. He sits on the stairs of the camper, coffee in hand, enjoying the sunrise, and watching Cas stare off into the distance.
Dean doesn’t need the government or Heaven’s stamp of approval for it to count. He slid his mother’s ring on Cas’s finger and considered it good enough.
Dean locks eyes with Dr. Mills, “He’s a dude. That a problem?” He needs to make sure of that if he’s going to talk.
“Hey, Dad! Wow. Poor Jubilee is really done for,” Jack observes as he gets out of the passenger side. “Mind if I have a look?”
Dean’s heart rate slows as his breathing returns to normal. “Okay fine, you’re not an alien. So what in god’s name are you?” Dean asks. He’s come this far.
“And you, What do you want?” Cas asks, capping the sunscreen, seemingly satisfied with the metric fuckton he has rubbed into Dean’s skin. He’s not asking about the road trip.
Dean shakes his head, “Yes! Fine. I have a crush on you. Dude, what do you think was going on? It’s been so long. You’re a professor now and then you just show up in the bread aisle looking super hot. I didn’t know what to say. Anyway, like I said, you can just forget about this.”
Dean looks around. The dehydrated food section is a few aisles over. He might as well make the best of this horrible situation.
Dad wouldn’t hear it. There was a hunt up in South Dakota that needed their attention. Sam had left them. He could deal with his problems on his own.
Cas examines his arms, the Dazzling Magic dahlias cover every itch below the elbows, only leaving a small opening for Lissuin. “Dean, they bloom because I love you.”
As Castiel pounds Dean into the mattress that night, Dean really does wonder if that little display earlier was some kind of mating ritual.
“If by mojo,” Castiel says, using air quotes, “you mean my grace. Then yes. It fades with each day. Slowly, yet steadily. Drip by drip.”
Meg rolls her eyes knowingly at Dean. He can’t help but wonder if those two had something. A past fling. A current fling.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas says. Despite Dean’s ribbing, he’s got a grin on his face. Dean likes that more than he should.
It makes Dean feel ancient to think that Claire is twenty-two. She’s become quite the accomplished young hunter working for Hanscum & Mills Co. It was a far cry from the kind of hunting Dean did with Dad.
Cas was fifteen when he ditched the farm with his brother Gabriel. Gabriel was more worldly, he protected Cas. Got him the job at the Gas-n-Sip. For a while, it was just them but more and more of Cas’s siblings followed suit. Michael was the last to show up, all ready to declare himself a god among his siblings.
He feels like that right now. “I am interested as well.” He smiles fondly at the man in front of him.
Dean owns a cowboy hat for just such an occasion. He had to run to the local thrift store for Cas’s cowboy hat emergency though. The only one in stock was from the Calgary Stampede. Odd to find in California but it would do.
The flush is beginning to return. “Are you telling me Cas caused this? Cause’ it's been a while since we met.”
Sam gives him an unimpressed look, “Imagine if the roles were reversed. You met Cas first. I come home one day and say I found the love of my life, her name is Eileen, and we’re moving out to start our own life. What would you say?”
Cas had given Dean a questioning look, not sure what this ridiculous boy was talking about. “Did what hurt?”
There has to be cans of green beans or carrots left in their apartment. Sam eats nothing but rabbit food anyway. He can make his damn smoothies from that.
“Dean, this isn’t Star Trek.” Jody pauses,  “Well maybe it is. Donna and I were out driving once. We were just married, no real plans for the future. We were on some god forsaken back road and an old man appeared out of nowhere.  I almost hit him. I pull off to ask what in the hell was wrong with him. Except I didn’t. Something stopped me. He asked for a ride back to town. He sat in the back seat, never said a thing the whole time. We get him here and he says he’d like to repay our kindness. He pointed at this fine establishment. It was a shithole back then but we fell in love with it the minute we walked in. Just something about it. Never saw that old fellow again.”
Cas gently squeezes his hand. “It’s alright Dean. I’m right here,” is the last thing he hears before he’s out cold.
Dean’s resting in his hammock, listening to the sound of the nearby river. Cas is out communing with nature.
Dean doesn’t know what to say. He’s madly in love with Cas but some days he wonders why an angel like Cas would bother with him. Yet, there is no hint of dishonesty in Cas’s words. Dean just needs to have a little faith.
There’s no one on the throne of Heaven. The realms of the afterlife start to disintegrate. A creation of Chuck. To be honest, Chuck’s Heaven and Hell were kinda dumb. There are some angels around. They’ll figure it out.
“Let me finish,” Dean says, “When we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day.”
“I feel the same way. Jack is eager to meet you. He actually suggested the backpacking trip. I think it is an excellent idea,” Cas tells him.
The sun finally showed itself. Some days Dean and Cas go down to the beach if Jack is hanging out with his old high school friends. Dean got him and Cas matching Hawaiian shirts so they can be an extremely tacky couple together. Cas makes it look good.
Cas doesn’t back down, “It remains the quintessential generation. Now, as I mentioned Jack is mew. The comparison is not perfect but as we saw Mew is very powerful but kind-hearted. Sometimes his actions have unintended consequences but he always tries to do the right thing.” Cas reaches over to squeeze Jack’s hands. Their son smiles.
“Deano!” Gabriel appears out of nowhere. He’s got Mrs. Quakers under one arm. “Just getting the misses here her bumblefoot treatment. So good to have you back. I’d ask how Cas is but I think I know the answer.” He winks before disappearing again.
“You seem to have a natural talent for crime,” Dean teases, taking off his coat and sitting across from Cas.
He’s not quite sure what it means. He doesn't doubt the tulip is for Dean but he’s never had a flower last this long. He bestowed the name after the tulip remained resolute.
Cas stepped forward right into Dean’s personal space, “I felt the depth of your conviction at that moment. Few people can perceive my true form. That is why I wanted to speak with you. My brother has strongly suggested I need to “make friends” with people I am not related to by blood or the bonds of employment.  You work at Singer's Automobile, do you not? Perhaps we could be friends?
Yet another reason why they needed their own place. Jack could have his room and Dean could actually fuck Cas in a bed and not the backseat of the Impala, as he often did since it was one of the few places they could get some privacy.
The hot summer day has turned into a slightly more bearable evening, the air is muggy, thick with the smell of hickory smoke while Dean angrily rants about meat. It’s perfect.
Jody looks fondly at Donna and rolls her eyes. “We still take cases now and then. Mt. Shasta’s full of the supernatural. I’m sure you’ve read the brochures.”
“Please understand Dean. It isn’t a secret. In the past I have had to be very careful. An angel on earth is a target for demons and other angels alike although it is less so these days. I let myself think you knew, given your past,” Cas is almost pleading with him.
“2-1 is still majority rules,” Dean says, sounding incredibly smug. Cas glares at Dean’s reflection in the mirror. Dean cocks an eyebrow, an unspoken challenge. Cas narrows his eyes at Dean. They can’t have a staring contest while Dean is driving. He knows this and is unfairly using it to win this argument. Cas finally relents and looks away. He doesn’t miss the soft snort from Dean.
Dean grabs a patty, glaring knives at it as he throws it onto the grill, “You know, I only do this because I love you.”
Cas sighs, turning to face Dean, “My son went off to college this fall. Perhaps it's fate that the car I raised him in saw fit to leave me now.”
Dean glances toward the door when he hears the click of the door handle turning. “Mr. Winchester,” A middle-aged woman with short gray hair greets him as she enters, “It’s nice to meet you. I’m Dr. Jody Mills.”
“No Sherlock it isn’t. You’ve been acting weird. And I don’t mean Cas weird. I mean weird weird. I need to know what’s up man.”
“I do apologize Dean. I sensed you weren’t truly hurt. If you would have been harmed in any way, I would not have hesitated to kill the intruder. Becoming human has taught me restraint  though,” Castiel says. He smooths back the hair stuck on Dean’s forehead and gently places a kiss on his temple.
Cas nods, “I was so used to spending time with Jack at your apartment. It allowed me much-needed respite. I tolerated a great deal before Jack came into my life but three weeks of constantly being with my siblings demonstrated to me that Jack and I need our own space. I know your apartment is cramped. I was, well I was hoping we could get a place of our own.”
“The cost is of little concern. The elk will be migrating soon and I wish to see them while I am here,” Cas says, as if it’s a reasonable suggestion.
Diplomacy is surprisingly easy when you’ve got a boyfriend who can light up like a glow stick and threaten to smite all three of the little shitbags. Two are typical cocky hunters, self-assured and not interested in really saving people. Cas puts the fear of god in them. Dean tells them to get real jobs.
“Cassie, so good to see you.” Gabriel smiles at the pair, leaning over to clap the man on the shoulder and ruffle his already tousled hair. “This is my better half, Sam, but I think you’ve met. This is his brother, Dean, and Amara, Dean’s girlfriend. Everyone, this is my cousin Castiel and the ever-gorgeous Meg, who I never see enough of.”
“I just meant that we need to tighten our belts a bit. Stop spending money every time we turn around. Maybe cancel the gym for a few months…”
His mind casts back to the search results that had been revealed when he’d been Googling, late at night in Castiel’s bedroom. He’s erased all the evidence from his phone immediately after reading some of the websites - he’s never actually caught Amara going through his phone but he’s pretty sure he does. He should change his passcode really but doesn’t want to invite any ‘what are you hiding’ questions. Because in his current, admittedly fragile, state he isn’t sure he would be able to lie.
“Thanks,” Dean pulls a folded note out of his pocket and holds it flat between his middle and forefinger, pressing it into Mr. Nannini’s chest. The man takes it reflexively, blinking in surprise. “I can find the table on my own, don’t trouble yourself. But some champagne would be great, thanks.”
“You're it for me, Sammy.” He'd said, eyes dark and intense, looking more serious than Sam had ever seen him. “I want it all with you. The nice house, the picket fence, the dog, the damn kids if that's what you want. Whatever you want. But I just want you.” Then he's squeezed his hand and given him an impish grin. “You'd better want me in return or I'll push you off the pier.”
With a mounting sense of concern, Castiel pushes open the only door left, the door to what must be the master bathroom. There, against the wall with bloody cuts to his arms, neck and face, Dean is sitting with his head in his hands. There's broken glass all over the floor, spots and streaks of blood where Dean’s clearly pulled himself up out of the shower stall and moved away from the worst of the mess, and there's a rank smell of sweat and vomit in the air.
“I think Dean’s being a little overdramatic,” she says slowly, smiling at Sam over the rim of her glass. “We’re fine. Nothing to worry about.” She turns her attention back to Dean. “And of
“Sam, come on. You’ve seen how Amara treats him. And other people. I don’t know how Dean stands for it, I swear.” Gabriel chews, swallows, gulps a mouthful of coffee all in the same three seconds. “I should have said something when she decided to be such a bitch to Castiel the other night. I think I was too shocked to respond.”
He deposits Cas on the closed toilet, turns the shower off, then begins to strip off his wet clothing and drops it in wet piles on the floor with unsettling slaps. Castiel is watching him blearily, a towel wrapped around his shoulders, a deep frown line tugging at his brows.
It's a short walk to Dean’s from the station, and Sam takes in the scenery as he goes. The houses are all very similar, with white picket fences and French-style bay windows. Some are painted in pastel colours, some plain white. Dean’s house has steps leading up to a dark, baby blue door with a large knocker and he knocks determinedly. He’s going to have it out with his brother this time, no matter what. He’s prepared for Dean not wanting to talk, getting all sarcastic the way he does when he feels cornered. He’s prepared to be told to leave.
There's warning in her voice. Her hand snakes down between his legs and his cock, which had been thickening treacherously against his thigh, softens at the spark of pain that bolts through him as she digs her long nails into his balls. His whimper of pain is muffled between her legs as she pushes herself down onto his mouth. His eyes sting with tears as his body tenses, repelled by her. Her nails leave hot streaks across his hip as she grips him, then begins to stroke him with quick, harsh movements that fall on the wrong side of uncomfortable. She knows what he likes, what gets him going. And it isn't this. She isn't touching him to arouse him, to show him love. She has an endgame, and his pleasure doesn't come into it.
The problem is, he rarely asks anyone to do anything for him because he’s been there. He’s been the person who’s had fingers snapped at them, who’s been shouted at for getting something wrong, for being summoned from one task to another then reprimanded for not doing either in good time. He remembers how it felt, and the last thing he wants to become is someone who steps on those he deems to be below him just because he can.
Sam hides a smirk by coughing into the back of his hand. The idea of Dean spending the next few days in the company of the world’s finest is mildly entertaining. There will be fireworks at some point, he’s sure.
Later, in the early evening at the base of the Grand Staircase, while stewards and guests mill around, they’re introduced to some of the other passengers they will be sharing their journey with.
Sam had shaken himself free with his own skyward look, the expression of the long-suffering, and had patiently followed Dean as he’d snaked his way through the crowd, greeting friends and colleagues, and hitting up every beer stall he finds. The sun feels hotter now than it has in recent weeks, and Dean’s skin is turning that pinkish-brown that means he didn’t put on enough sunscreen this morning. The lecture about skin cancer can probably wait until tomorrow - he’s not
He stands so quickly that the stool falls over behind him with a crash and rolls off to one side. “How can I trust you when I've just discovered how much you're hiding from me? How could you do this to me? To us?”
“Made you look, Winchester. But you’re not as cool as you think. So you think he’s cute, go talk to him! What’s the worst that could happen?”
Behind him somewhere, his luggage is being loaded onto a trolley and will somehow miraculously arrive in their cabin before he does. He slows his pace to a stroll, content to allow the staff a few extra minutes to get his room arranged to his liking. This is all so new to him: staff. Luggage. England. First Class.
There’s a crowd of people around Lexie’s bed and he can’t see the boy properly. He recognises the back of Jimmy’s head, Dr. Bradbury’s bouncing curls, Eve’s long hair hanging in a sheet down her back, Sam standing a head and shoulders above everyone else, Jess with a hand covering her mouth. And, of course, Cas. Cas leaning over the bed, his face in shadow, his voice low as he murmurs something to his son. Dean pauses in the doorway, discomfited and confused as to why they’re all there before him, why they all know before he does. Then Sam and Eve step apart and Dean has a full view of the bed and a weak, horrified cry leaves his lips.
, and it’s a full-body laugh that makes his shoulders shake and Dean wraps an arm around him, smiling ruefully into his hair.
He turns to Amara, reaching to take her hand, and is met with a stony smile, one that doesn’t reach her eyes. She tosses her hair back and sips her wine, taking her time as she answers. She doesn’t take his outstretched hand.
“We will!” Lexie sings happily, now lying on his back and holding the toy up in the air above his head. “We are always good!”
The excuses fell so easily off of Dean’s tongue Castiel can’t help but wonder how many times he’s used them before, how many times he’s repeated them to himself...
“That would be nice, Dean, thank you.” A fresh, genuine smile washes over Castiel’s face and the knot in Dean’s chest unclenches. “It's just been a long week. I'm looking forward to seeing you properly this evening. And the kids. And Jimmy,” he adds as an afterthought but smiles and runs a hand through his hair, messing it up even further. Dean watches him, considering. Perhaps he's over analyzing the elder set of twins. Maybe Cas isn't being as sharp with his brother as it seems. He sure looks happy to be seeing him tonight. He's certain they go through phases like everyone else, and Cas gets naturally grumpy when he's a bit stressed out. And his editor has been hassling him more than usual lately. Perhaps his twin is just the one on the receiving end of it, and Jimmy is so used to it by now that it doesn't even bother him.
seems to dwarf the ship Sam had once been in such awe of. Freshly painted, shining in the morning light, the funnels gleaming as the sun catches them, she stands proudly above them all and Sam feels a low thrill of excitement at what lies before them. Being on the maiden voyage of the grandest, most luxurious ship in the world is something he never would have imagined in his wildest dreams, let alone holding a First Class ticket.
“No. Not yet. I can’t sleep, either. Every time I close my eyes I just see him lying there,” Castiel admits, resting his chin on Dean’s head. Dean pushes his hands under the warm woolen cardigan, up under Cas’ t-shirt to feel the heat of his skin. “I see you crying. I see Billie, frightened of us both. I see things that aren’t real, too, Dean. But it’s normal after an experience like this.”
Sunday brunch has to be Sam’s favourite part of the week. Gabriel always cooks for them both, makes it special, and they laze around together for most of the morning listening to the radio or going for a walk with the dogs, or lying tangled in the sheets and each other’s arms. They've been together a while now, and the familiarity is soothing and comforting in a way he knows Gabriel never expected it to be.
“Are you finished?” He grumbles and she nods, snuffling behind her hand before tossing her curls back and smiling at him. “I can use it. I can go to the gym. I just haven't been for a while. It'll be fun.” He pauses, tries to make his next sentence casual. “You could come too. You can pay for a few sessions. It'd be fun.”
But he can't do that right now. Even if they weren't half a city apart, he doesn't think he could do it. He's just too hurt, both physically and emotionally. Heartsick, he supposed Sam would call it. He's doing everything he can to keep this relationship afloat, and it's almost killing him. This time, literally. He thinks back to everything that Castiel said, to everything his Google search threw up. To the links he'd clicked on then hastily erased from his history out of guilt. Amara isn't an abuser, she can't be. She never meant this, any of it. Everything has just gotten completely…
“No,” Castiel says shortly. “We aren’t close, Sam. I’d have thought him more likely to confide in you. Or
“I should have known that not even food could distract you from this discussion.” Sam swallows a mouthful of the fluffiest, most buttery waffles he can ever remember having and closes his eyes in rapture. Damn. Gabriel
Cas looks tired, Dean notices. He's got dark circles under his eyes and a tense, pinched expression on his face that makes alarm curl unpleasantly in Dean’s gut. How long has he worn that expression? How long have his frown lines been more prominent? When was the last time he smiled? Thinking about it now, he can't actually remember the last time Cas laughed and guilt joins the alarm now pounding in his chest. He reaches across the counter to take Cas’ hand.
In the kitchen, the refrigerator is stuffed to the brim. A turkey big enough to feed ten people is wedged in beside pigs in blankets, homemade cranberry sauce, plus all the trimmings. The vegetables are peeled and prepared ready to roast tomorrow. There are enough bottles of wine and beer to sink a ship.
He’s in the middle of plucking up the courage to ask for the guy’s name in exchange for his own, and maybe his number if he’s feeling lucky, but an arm slides around his waist and a bundle of red-haired excitement thrusts itself into his personal space. He gets a face full of coconut-scented hair, and when he reemerges from Charlie’s hug the cop has melted away and is talking to a group of girls with space buns and glitter makeup a short distance away.
“No, not yet!” Jack misses the dig completely. “I thought I’d wait until you and the other Mr. Winchester were back, just in case you needed anything. Do you? Need anything?”
The distraction hasn't worked, but his bookshelves look a lot fuller. At least something is bringing a little life to this vast house, a house that is hauntingly too big for one person alone with no family regularly visiting.
“Yeah,” Dean drops his head to Castiel’s shoulder and breathes him in. The steam is cocooning them both, hiding them away from the outside world. He feels safe, as though he never wants to leave this shower ever. “Are you?”
“…out of hand,” she's sobbing again, managing to speak through her tears, and Dean can only nod numbly at this. “I'm so sorry, Dean. For everything. Can you ever forgive me?”
Cas seems chill tonight too, and that's another thing that Dean counts as a victory. Cas has been tense lately, distracted, tired, but tonight he seems like a weight has lifted. Perhaps that's what's been bugging him, Dean muses as he runs his fingers through Cas’ hair, smiling as Cas presses into the touch. They've had no them time, no time together as a couple, and this evening has been pure bliss. Burgers, beer, games, cuddling. Dean Winchester is officially a cuddler, and he doesn't give a shit. It feels damn good to cuddle with Cas.
It takes Dean longer than he expected to recover from the incident in the bathroom, both mentally and physically. He dutifully applies the cream that he’s been given in the hospital morning and night, to try to lessen the risk of scarring. Two cuts are particularly deep - one to his cheek, which Castiel has gently patched up, and another to his thigh where he’d evidently landed on a sharp shard of glass. He doesn’t remember Castiel removing that one, but he must have done. How embarrassing. It’s high up on his thigh, close enough to his groin that Castiel would have had to move his boxers out of the way... ugh.
A light hand touches his wrist and he jolts, only just stopping himself from snatching his hand away. A sickly-sweet aroma of fragrance greets him as he turns to look at his companion - and the woman determined to steal his brother’s heart and, in his opinion, the majority of his money whatever the cost.
Gabriel said that Castiel would like to decorate. Maybe he just needs someone to do it for him, Dean reasons. Maybe he’s lonely and wants someone to decorate with, to string lights up with and to laugh when they tangle, to hand ornaments to and to throw snowballs at as they wind tinsel around the porch steps. Dean has decorations to spare, he could offer to lend Castiel some. Or offer to decorate
“Where did you go?” She murmurs, her lips pressing against his pulse. “I turned around and you'd gone.”
“No.” It’s a painful admission and one that makes Dean focus in once again on his cherry pie. “No thanks to you.”
He wonders what time it is. The clock on the microwave reads twelve-thirty in the afternoon, the victim of a power outage and nobody had ever bothered to reset it. It’s probably close to dawn, judging by the cool blue hues of the night sky outside. Castiel yawns hugely, finishes his drink, then heads back to bed, stretching out on his back and gazing up at the ceiling. He won’t sleep now. Next to him, Meg mumbles something irritably, no doubt telling him to quit wandering about and to go back to sleep. He pats her thigh soothingly and in minutes she’s fallen asleep again, snoring lightly, and Castiel closes his eyes in a futile bid for sleep.
“What? I need an excuse to kiss my fiancé?” Dean pecks him on the mouth again then retreats to finish breakfast.
“Bereavement services,” she tells him with a slightly sad smile. “For parents who lost their little ones too young.”
The first three days following Gabriel’s phone call had been a blur. He hadn’t got out of bed apart from to drag himself to the bathroom when nature called, and hadn’t eaten a single thing for almost forty-eight hours. He’d managed to choke down some dry toast on day three, mainly because his stomach was in knots, cramping from hunger, and the pain was becoming unbearable. He hadn’t slept much, and when he did he had nightmares about the car crash that had taken his father’s life too early. Gabriel had been sparse on the details but his father’s Nissan had skidded on a patch of ice and careered off the road into a tree, bursting into flames on impact. It was the violence of his father’s death that haunted Castiel the most - and continues to do so. It makes him ill, the idea of the burning car with someone he loved inside, and he’s vomited multiple times since speaking to Gabriel.
Dean stiffens when the key sounds in the lock. He always does. It's a reflexive action, his muscles coiling in preparation for a fight every time Amara walks through the door these days. The sound of her heels on the wooden floor jars him, each step seeming as loud as a bullet. His heart rate feels as though it's doubled and all she's done is come home.
“Whatever makes you happy. Goodnight.” He turns the key in the lock and opens the door then, after a second’s hesitation, he turns to Jack’s retreating back. “Could you get me a drink? Scotch? I think I ran out earlier.”
Banjo, their ginger mutt, pushes his head into Sam’s lap and wags his tail, soulful eyes gazing up in the hope that table scraps might be coming his way. Sam scratches him behind the ears absently, still stuck on Gabriel’s words. He’s right, truly. Amara is domineering. She’s glamorous and charismatic and steals the limelight in any social situation, which she uses extensively to her advantage. He should probably try and talk all this over with Dean sometime soon, check in with his brother and make sure everything really
Inside, she holds Dean’s cell phone in her palm, scrutinising it. There’s a text message on the screen from Sam -
He tries to hold her gaze but her eyes have darkened with fury and he looks down at the pages instead. Streams of black type, endless lists of stores where she's been shopping, spending dollar after dollar when she knows,
Castiel lifts his head to gaze at Dean and the cold, distant look in his blue eyes is chilling. Yet in the same movement, he presses closer, starting to shiver now that Dean’s presence has jolted him from whatever trance-like state he’d been in for however-the-fuck-long.
“Money’s tight?” Sam is frowning now, and has stopped with his fork halfway to his mouth. “Really? Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Right.” Sam turns to him, tucking a strand of hair behind his own ear, fingers coming away streaked with paint he didn’t even know was there. “Burgers and shakes sound pretty good right now, Dean.” He ignores the blink of surprise that crosses his brother’s face, soon replaced with a triumphant grin. “But, I don’t know… I’m kinda having fun here. I don’t think I’m ready to head home yet. We just found Jo…”
He hangs up a few moments later and lies on his back, staring up at the ceiling blankly. He's agreed to go to her, so he needs to get his ass moving. But every limb feels lead-lined, the idea of getting up and dressing filling him with anxious dread. He doesn't want to go home. He tries to picture what might happen if he stayed here a while longer. Castiel might come and wake him in the morning, maybe with another cup of that tea if he's lucky. It tasted like little drops of heaven. Maybe, Dean fantasises, Castiel might make breakfast for him. They could eat together, talk a little more. The guy is weirdly easy to talk to, even if he is a bit intense with the open staring and the total disregard for personal space. But then again, Dean muses, if personal space had been a priority for Castiel he probably wouldn't have got himself all bloodied up cleaning the wounds of a virtual stranger, one he didn't seem to much like to begin with.
On the end of the line, he hears the tinkle of what could be cutlery. Or keys. And Castiel’s voice comes through the phone again.
“Well,” Cas presses a kiss to Lexie’s forehead. “Why don't we go and see about this monster? I'll get rid of him, then you can go back to sleep. How does that sound?”
He unlocks the door and scoots to the side, letting her push it open and squeeze in to sit down next to him on the floor. She doesn’t turn on the light and he’s thankful for that. Her head comes to rest on his shoulder and she strokes his bare thigh.
Meg rolls her eyes dramatically, so much so that Castiel worries for a moment that they may never recover. “I can't believe you're going. And l can't believe I agreed to let you drag me along. You owe me one.”
He’s at work, in his office. It’s late and the garage is closed, but he needs some space. He’s told Amara he’s working late on a project for an important client, which has bought him an hour, maybe two if he’s lucky. He just doesn’t want to go home. He doesn’t know how to act around her now, what to say, so he’s been carrying on as normal as much as he can. Making a little more effort, just to keep the peace.
Across the changing rooms, in a corner, the guy is punching in his locker code and rifling through his things, unaware of Castiel’s eyes on him. He's shirtless now, the damp t-shirt in a puddle at his feet, and Castiel has a clear view of his back and side. He can't help but stare. The guy has deep scratches down his left side in two patches, red streaks running below his ribs then again just above his waistband, disappearing below his clothing. Castiel knows those scratches. He's
They pass a family with what could be classed as an obscene amount of luggage needing three cars to transport it, the man in a sharp black suit and a young woman with red curls tucked neatly beneath a wide-brimmed hat.
But then they drink, and drink a little more, and as Dean gets progressively more drunk his inhibitions drop to next to nothing and his confidence soars. Then, every time, it ends the same way: with him draped over a stranger, shirtless, covered in glitter and body paint and having the time of his life. He never forgets Sam though, always checking to make sure his brother is okay and not being left out of conversations or impromptu dance parties (no matter how much Sam
Cas actually looks startled to be asked then nods ruefully. “Sure. Just tired. Kids are running me ragged today and my editor is badgering me for a revised draft. Everything's fine.”
“You’re forgiven. You're shaking, Clarence.” Meg takes one of his hands in both of hers. “I think it's time to lay off the caffeine for the day.”
. It’s just a shame he feels like he wants to shed the expensive tuxedo he’s wearing, roll up his sleeves, and head down into the lower decks of the ship to find himself some people who he’d be more at home with. It’s stifling, being in a room with the people he’s being forced to associate with. It feels like he’s choking, as though invisible hands are wrapped around his throat and are tightening slowly as every day passes.
He trails away, dropping his chin to his chest and taking in a deep, shuddering breath and he’s so wrought with sadness that Dean doesn’t think twice about what he does next. He moves into the shower, fully clothed in his tux and bowtie, and sits down next to Cas, toeing off his shoes and tossing them aside. He scoots in close, wrapping his arm tighter around Castiel’s trembling shoulders. He’s so cold, so worryingly cold. How can he stand this, sitting here freezing with the shower icy and the window open to allow a gale to blow in? He reaches up and turns the knob on the shower until the water runs warm and curls closer to a Castiel, rubbing his upper arms in an attempt to help. Castiel’s clothing is still chilled and must feel horrible, sticking to his skin everywhere. He doesn’t know what to do first, whether to get Cas out of the shower, out of his clothes and into a warm bed or to ask what the fuck is going on. A nauseating thought strikes him: this can’t be the fallout from their fight, surely? No way, Cas wouldn’t crumble like this just from Dean being an ass. Would he…?
They finish their meal in silence, Dean watching the snowflakes gather on the window pane and Sam focused on his phone, confirming times for tomorrow and no doubt texting Gabriel if the sickly-sweet smile on his face is anything to go by. Dean is happy for them. He is. But sometimes, just sometimes, he wishes he had someone, too. Not for lack of trying, the dates come in thick and fast. But nobody has that… something
The words feel sour leaving his lips. Like he's betraying his brother by even speaking of such atrocities. But rather than comforting him, Gabriel purses his lips and his eyes take on a dark, heavy, sorrowful look that makes Sam’s blood chill in his veins.
is sexy. “There are cars making their way down here now. You wouldn’t want to get hurt now, would you?”
“Online forums don't count,” Gabriel had argued, getting up and going behind the counter to make them both another drink. The conversation had continued in a similar vein and they'd got nowhere really. When Castiel had mentioned that Gabriel hadn't given a single shit about him when
“My apologies,” he says as someone walks into him, a man with a flat cap and an Irish lilt to his voice as he throws a token ‘sorry’ back over his shoulder, running in the same direction as Sam himself is heading. He’s flanked by another man with messy dark hair, clutching a knapsack in one hand and two scrunched up pieces of paper that look like they could be tickets in the other. Sam feels a leap of excitement as he takes in his surroundings properly for the first time.
“Yes,” Comes the clipper, automatic reply. “I’ll be much happier when we’re back on dry land though. I’ve got a bad feeling about this, Sam.” Worried green eyes suddenly turn to him and Sam feels a pang of sympathy for his brother. “Perhaps we should have disembarked in France. Stayed a while longer.”
“And Charlie’s over there!” Jo points enthusiastically over their shoulders, right in the direction of the cop. “And Ash has been looking for you guys forever. He’ll be so mad if you don’t go and say hi.
“Perhaps if you stopped living a champagne lifestyle on a Diet Coke budget we wouldn't be in this mess.” He says tightly, harshly, the words slipping out before he can stop them. He regrets them immediately but there they are, hanging between them in the silent kitchen, shining like a neon sign. Damn. He didn't mean to say that.
He lies in bed one night, churning it all over in his mind. He hates to admit it, but maybe he does drink a little too much - three glasses of whiskey tonight and two beers - but it helps. He's more relaxed if he's had a drink, which means he and Amara don't fight as much. They don't speak as much, frankly, but that suits him just fine right now. It's just a rough patch, they'll be fine. They always are. And when things are back to normal, he’ll stop drinking entirely. Maybe go teetotal for a month or two. That'll show Castiel.
“I’m not sure. Those shades are kinda hiding everything that might help me work it out. Would you mind?” He mimes pushing sunglasses up onto his head and the cop laughs, obliging. Then Dean’s looking right at him, right into his eyes, and swears he forgets to breathe for a second. The guy has blue eyes, perfect, ocean blue eyes and it feels like he’s staring straight into Dean’s soul.
He doesn’t reply, doesn’t argue or ask for help. She doesn’t cook, not unless Dean is out and she has no other option. She’d rather order from the sushi place in town than have to make her own meal and deal with the cleanup after. But Dean, sweet Dean who would do anything for her, will cook and clean up and have it all done so she doesn’t have to worry about a thing.
“Because he’s a Scrooge, that’s why. Why do you care?” Gabriel dips his French fries into his chocolate milk and munches them happily. “Is his the only house on the street not all decked out or something?”
“Yeah. Of course. I mean...” He manages to pull himself upright against the wall again but his head swims and another bout of nausea threatens. “I've had… I've had better days.”
Billie is sprawled out in his own bed, his toy elephant in one hand being dangled off the edge, and he's breathing deep and slow, snoring a little on the exhale. Cas deposits his other child on the bed and wraps him up in the blanket while he kneels down, silently lamenting his knees not being what they used to be. Lexie clings with his little fingers tight around Cas’ arm, and he stares with wide eyes as Cas lifts the covers and reaches under the bed with his free hand finding, as he expected, only dust bunnies and toys.
Amara succeeds where Castiel didn't. They end up in the emergency room, where she sits holding his warm hand in her cold one, her hair a mess and her eyes and nose Rudolph-red. The nurses are brisk but friendly, and he's triaged pretty quickly. Only when he's settled in a bed, shirtless and staring blankly ahead of him, does the reality of where he is sink in.
“No, not tonight,” Castiel says slowly, venturing out onto his porch and taking in Dean’s handiwork with wide-eyed awe. “What… Dean, what are you doing here?”
“Morning babe.” Voice rough with sleep, Dean yawns hugely and snuggles against Cas’ back. “Did you sleep okay?”
“Oh, baby, no.” Cas wraps his arms tightly around his son, his heart aching. “Listen, there's no monster, I promise. It's just a silly story Billie made up to scare you.”
“Dean, I’ll come and get you. You can come here, it's fine. It's not a problem. Just tell me your address.”
All Dean can do is hold him. Pain radiates from Cas in waves and he’s powerless to do anything about it. More tears come and Cas buries his face in his folded arms, Dean rocking him gently and feeling close to crying himself. He had only met Cain Novak a few times, but he had been a kindly man who kept bees and welcomed Dean into his home like another son. And now he’s gone, and the gaping hole he’s left could rival the Grand Canyon.
She doesn’t understand. He can’t control the dreams, the nightmares that plague him. But he’s tired of trying to make her understand. So he just nods, shifting to wrap his arm around her shoulders and pull her close, feeling nothing at all as her warm skin presses against his. She's wonderful, he thinks. She's stayed with him in spite of the nightmares and the memories. He strokes her hair, pressing his face into it and inhaling her sweet smell. He loves her. In spite of it all, he loves her. They can work things out. Somehow.
He finishes his coffee then goes to her, wrapping an arm around her waist and kissing her on the cheek.
Heart light and chest full with excitement as he imagines Castiel’s face lit up with surprised delight, he sets to work.
Understatement of the year. But Gabriel will have done a fantastic job, and Dean owes him a beer or two in thanks when he sees him. He tries to imagine Cas, broken and grieving, trying to assemble himself to organise his father’s funeral and it just wouldn’t have happened. Castiel would have crumbled no doubt. It’s jarring, seeing him like this. He’s normally so collected and strong, and from what Dean’s heard, he got it from his father. So it’s no surprise that learning of the man’s death would be the one thing that could break him down.
Dean can’t take his eyes off Lexie’s face. He can barely believe that his son is here, at home in his own bed, when less than a fortnight ago he came so close to death that Dr. Bradbury recommended they both say their goodbyes. That night had been awful, the worst of his life, and he remembers Castiel sobbing and screaming and throwing anything he could get his hands on, can remember Jimmy pinning his twin’s arms to his sides and holding him tightly, letting him sob on his shoulder as Dean and Billie watched, clinging to each other, Dean numb with shock and Billie’s cheeks wet with tears. He blinks away the vision and the tears that accompany it to find Castiel on the floor beside him, wrapping an arm around his shoulders and pulling him close. Dean goes, burying his face in Cas’ neck and breathing him in.
“You, uhm. You haven’t decorated,” he says lamely, every word feeling thick on his tongue. “And I thought. Well, I thought you might want… I thought…” He trails off, staring at the ground, at the slush beneath his boots. “I should, I should go.”
“Come home,” Amara whimpers down the line and Dean closes his eyes. He doesn't want to, not right now. “Please. Please, Dean. We can sort this out. I'm sorry, I'm so fucking sorry. Please don't leave me.
He inclines his head in Gabriel’s direction. “I just helped him out when he needed a friend. That’s all.”
Dean can’t say no to that note in Castiel’s voice. He follows him to the bathroom, drawn by the hand, and stares at the door of the kids’ bedroom as they pass. So much has changed in such a short time and he’s still reeling from it. From losing Cas and getting him back, from almost losing Lexie then getting him back… it’s a lot to contend with, and he feels permanently exhausted. Coming home from the hospital three days ago had been a blessing and a curse. Lexie was safe, was well enough to go home with medication and strict instructions for rest, and Castiel had carried him from the car all bundled in blankets, both of them smiling their small, tight smiles. They had eaten dinner together then Lexie had curled up with Dean on the couch and fallen asleep in his arms. Where he should be. So in that sense, having him home was everything Dean had wished and prayed for, and more.
Dean had begged her to tell them that Lexie would live but the paediatrician had been cautious, warning them not to be too optimistic. When she had left, Castiel had leaned into Dean and jerked his head towards the hospital bed where Lexie lay with his blue eyes closed, chest rising and falling as commanded by the ventilator. Next to him, curled at his side, Billie lies watching him sleep and holding his hand. He hadn’t taken his eyes off his brother for a second, not even when Dr. Bradbury was examining him, and had only clung closer every time anyone tried to move him. With Lexie on the brink of death, nobody had the heart to drag him away.
Oh God. It's that plea, the desperate tone to her voice, that does it. Dean’s resolve, shaky and tattered to begin with, breaks and he pushes himself up onto an elbow, the phone pressed tightly to his ear.
“You can tell the other Mr. Winchester to enjoy himself, and that I’ll see him at breakfast tomorrow.” He knows he’s being rude, but can’t seem to help himself. Perhaps he’s not as relaxed as he thought. “See yourself out.”
“Of course, baby.” Dean kisses him, tasting the salt of Cas’ silent tears once more. “I’ll be there, right by your side. You can count on that.”
And not the kind of relaxed, post-coital single-glistening-tear-of-happiness crying the situation warrants, either. This is sadness, deep and soul-wrenching, the type that makes Cas shake and struggle to draw breath, and Dean has to forcibly push himself up onto his forearms to get Cas to release him.
He holds up his cell phone in one hand, and holds his other with palm outward in a ‘not my fault’ gesture. “No bars, sorry. Everyone must be on their phones today.”
But one morning, as he gathers an armful of laundry and heads downstairs to laundry room, the sight of one of the items of clothing he's carrying brings a smile to his lips. One thing has been going right lately, and long may it last. He dumps the pile onto the work surface and busies himself with the washer, his thoughts suddenly interrupted by a knock on the front door upstairs. It's soft, tentative, and he frowns, not recognising it. Perhaps it's a delivery of something he's forgotten he's ordered - books, probably. Since he and Cas fought, he's been burying himself in the latest crime and thriller novels, trying to put it all out of his mind.
“Thank you.” Jack, missing the sarcasm in Dean’s tone, closes the door behind him. “Shall we go? Oh.” He stops short, taking in Dean’s appearance. “Do you need help changing? I know you didn’t bring a valet, so...”
Sam remembers that day to a fault. He and Jack have boarded already, and were in their cabin, Sam reclining on a plunger while Jack scurried to and fro, directing the porters and telling them what went where. This had been the first time Sam had travelled internationally as a First Class passenger and he’d been determined to enjoy every second of it. By then, they were less than an hour from departure and Dean hadn’t shown up. Sam has resigned himself to a month in Europe with mainly Jack for company, meeting up with Jessica and her mother in England prior to their return home on RMS Titanic. Perhaps it wouldn’t be a bad thing, he’d reflected. Some time apart would do them both the world of good. Sam could relax into his new world, and Dean could consider his place in it and finally find his peace with being a man of new money rather than scratching around to earn a living, caring for their alcoholic father, and dusting off his bruised knuckles after one too many drinks.
“I hope not.” Castiel sips his tea, peppermint by the smell of it. “He’s good for me, Dean. And there’s nothing between us. He’s married, a woman called Toni. Not that it would matter anyway, because I’m not interested in him.” He pokes at Dean’s thigh with one bare foot. “I’m interested in
“But...” Jack is clearly floundering, caught between his instructions from Sam and Dean’s resolute refusal to comply. “But Mr. Winchester, I...”
She crumbles on the last word, sobbing deeply, and Dean’s heart spasms in spite of himself. He's never been able to deal with her tears; it's something to do with the caregiver in him that just wants to comfort and protect her when she's so low that all she can do is cry. Amara isn't an attractive crier. Her eyes go red almost instantly and her lips and nose swell up. Her cheeks get stained with rouge and the rest of her face goes deathly pale. Her hair ends up a mess from her endless clutching at it. And normally she curls right into Dean’s side and he cradles her until the tears stop.
He climbs into his car, a faithful Continental that Meg always complains isn't classy enough for her, and starts the engine. The day is warm, springtime come early, and he rolls the window down. There's a car parked a little too close to him on his passenger side and it takes him a few manoeuvres before he's free of the space. The car is oversized, a black muscle car with silver mirrors that shine in the sunlight, and Castiel rolls his eyes at it as he drives away. Whoever drives that thing is probably trying to overcompensate for something. Smirking a little at his childish thoughts, he heads for home and doesn't pay the gym, the pretty girl at the welcome desk, or the asshole guy at the weights machine a second thought.
“Dean!” Gabriel opens the door, beaming. He leans in for a quick hug, and Dean feels the exact moment when he spots Amara walking up the path behind him. His body stiffens slightly but by the time he pulls back he’s managed to cover it and is grinning again, reaching to take her hand and press a kiss to her knuckles in an over-the-top display that she loves. She laughs breathily, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear and Dean trails behind as they all walk together into the house.
“No, he's awful. He's going to eat me if I fall asleep,” the child pouts, eyes downcast and lashes suddenly damp with tears. “But I'm not allowed to be scared because if he knows I'm scared he will eat Billie, too.”
With a quiet sob, Billie turns and runs off down the hall. The sound of his bedroom door opening and closing is the only thing that echoes after him.
“He’s a cop, Jo. He’s probably an asshole.” Dean doesn’t turn to speak to her, doesn’t even tear his eyes away from the guy long enough to say hello. “Hi, by the way.”
“Don’t worry about it.” She produces a brown paper bag from her purse and drops it onto his desk. “Here. You have to eat, keep up your strength. You’re a growing boy.”
And Dean can’t protest. Castiel’s eyes are bright and he’s determined, and Dean wants to do whatever he can to push the grief aside even for a moment. So he allows it, encourages open-mouthed kisses and helps Cas out of his sweater and tosses it to the end of the bed with his own.
“Oh god, Dean,” Castiel snuffles, sounding like he’s crying tears of laughter. “Dean Winchester. Your lines are cheesier than Doritos, I swear.”
“I’m leaving,” he bends to kiss Meg on the cheek, his hair damp from the shower and droplets falling onto her bare skin. She pushes him away, smiling lazily.
“Gabe and Sam are having a barbecue tomorrow. I'll be going for dinner.” He's about to check if Amara minds spending the evening by herself but she squeezes his hand and smiles widely.
“Your brother,” Gabriel says, and Sam shoots him a dry look. “Not in that way. You know what I mean. Dean. Amara. The whole shebang they’ve got going on. I don’t want to be the one to say it, Sammy, but do you really think they’re happy together?”
Thank you once again to Tricia for being so awesome and getting these beta'd so fast. Where have you been all my life?!
Cas had gone to Billie’s room while Dean sorted out the broken parts of the camera, and he could hear low murmurs and hushed voices floating down the hall. He had sidled close enough to peek through the door and had seen Cas on his knees with Billie’s arms thrown around his neck. There was tension in every line of his partner’s body; he was clearly still upset and Dean was sure the boy could sense it.
that he needs in a partner, that he truly wants with someone else. That deeper connection. He sighs, gazing down at his empty plate.
“Hey, that wasn’t your fault, Cas.” Dean says, without thinking. At Castiel’s widened eyes, he presses further. “Accidents happen, accidentally, with nobody to blame. I’m sure it wasn’t your fault.”
Gabriel’s voice can be heard from the opposite side of the hallway as Dean walks past the doorman, awkwardly adjusting his tie and wanting nothing more than to turn around and head straight back to the car and head in the general direction of home. Or The Roadhouse. Or anywhere really, anywhere that isn't here.
“Huh?” The guy’s brow furrows a little more and Castiel takes a moment to appraise him, head to foot. Grey v-necked t-shirt, sweaty, charcoal sweatpants, also sweaty, beaten up sneakers that were probably expensive once. Towel around his neck. Objectively fit, with a fine layer of muscle covering his body and just a little softness at his stomach and hips. Not dissimilar to Castiel himself, and the thought makes him feel a little better. Then worse as he realises he's staring.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel’s voice is firm now, harsher and more gravelly than Dean has ever heard it, and he sounds so serious that somehow it’s amusing. A snort of mildly hysterical laughter bubbles from him and he scrubs a shaking hand across his face.
, usually one he can rely on to help him drift off, hadn’t done the trick tonight and he had been lying there for hours, alternating between staring at the ceiling and the closet door.
As he has done the past two nights, he braces himself before pushing the door open, almost afraid of what he might see. The room is dark, the curtains drawn almost closed, but the shaft of moonlight plays across Lexie’s bed and Dean lets out his breath in a hiss, gripping the door frame for support as his knees go weak with relief. The boy is lying on his side, dark curls spilling over the pillow and his thumb securely in his mouth, sleeping soundly. Dean approaches the bed quietly, checking on Billie at the same time and finding him on his back and hissing gently with each exhale, as deep in dreamland as his brother. Kneeling beside Lexie’s bed, Dean reaches out and tentatively runs his fingers through the boy’s hair, desperate to check he’s real and not a figment of his distressed imagination. The boy is still pale, painfully so, thinner than the last time he had slept in this bed for more than a couple of nights, but wonderfully, beautifully alive. Dean leans down to press a kiss to his forehead and lingers there for a moment, inhaling the smell of the milk and honey bubble bath they had used tonight and the intimate scent of his son beneath that. Lexie stirs, presses a little closer, but doesn’t wake.
“So what do you think? Would securing a date with a cute guy be the only thing that could make my day better?” That smile is back, the blinding one with dimples. “Because I can think of something else, too.”
“I lost someone,” Castiel says heavily. He doesn’t go back inside, nor does he invite Dean in, but he does wipe a patch of snow away on one of the steps and sits down. After a second’s hesitation, Dean joins him, thinking that Castiel must be freezing cold, barefoot in the snow. But it isn’t the right time to mention it. “Someone I was very close to. They died on Christmas Day, four years ago, and I’ve never really gotten back into the Christmas spirit since. I’ve tried, but joining in group festivities is very difficult for me, so it’s easier to spend the day alone. That way, I don’t disappoint anyone.”
