“Shut it, Hawkeye,” Steve growled, but it was more from the fear of the bomb exploding faster than they anticipated than from actual irritation and Clint had to know it. “Stay away from the building and take Thor with you.”
Mentally Steve prepared for the biggest fight in his life.
He tried to understand why the fear was so much more intense now, when the affection was all the same or… yes, maybe it was stronger recently, but Steve had cared at the beginning too, he´d cared a lot. And the only possible answer coming to his mind was something that could always make him blush.
“Yes. Pepper was gone. And don’t take me wrong, it broke me, but we had to go on for the sake of everyone, even for her. You were there with me. You were my anchor. You were… everything I had left.”
“He´s not here, director.” Steve didn´t hesitate.
“No, I know it does, at least to me. And it´s personal. Very personal.” He took a ragged breath and Steve summoned all the control he could not to look up at the slightly lit face. He could. And Tony wouldn´t probably stop him.
Tony wasn’t looking at him when he spoke up with a weak and wavering voice. He was swaying from side to side. The half empty bottle in his hand might have been the reason.
“No. He wouldn’t even look at me until today. You have to be wrong.”
I edited the first chapter and so it should be more clear now. Sorry for this plot hole. XD
“What?” he asked confused, not able to look away. He could swear Tony was aware of the reason and was snickering inside that helmet of his. “Oh, wine… yes. I do like wine.” He started to move towards the table and Steve´s body followed as well.
Morgan beamed at them. “Could I hear them sometimes?”
“Papa! The prince fell in love with the knight!”
“He did what again, Barton?”
“We have to at least narrow the area.”
Steve shut his mouth. Could it be? The way Tony had looked at him just few minutes back.
Steve didn´t really control his hand when it reached to the place he hoped it could meet Tony´s. Maybe his heart did.
“What about Fury?”
The smooth laughter wrapped Steve in the warm cotton.
Steve chuckled. He let his hand caress Tony´s cheek and he almost crumbled to pieces when Tony looked at him back like he was his entire world.
Tony gave him a long knowing look. “No, you won’t.”
Iron man let out a quick sharp laugh. “I will personally fly him home, I promise, sir. We won´t be drinking. God knows I had enough for the day.”
It was funny when one day Steve realized how many things he kept in his place just for the sake of their late night´s visits. Things he knew Tony liked. Like whiskey for example – something what Steve wouldn´t drink himself not even under the torture. But on the other hand the glass of that gold liquid suited Tony. It was nice to watch it moving in the glass along with his hand when he was trying to explain something. It suited his voice which now Steve knew better than his own. All the special tones he used when speaking about people who were dear to him, people without names. All the shades of excitement and curiosity when he was talking about his techs, than anger and hatred towards people he were fighting. All the small chuckles and smiles.
“Nice to meet you, Tony,” Steve heard Natasha introducing herself, then Clint, who actually whistled with appreciation mentioning some of Tony´s technology he already came in contact with. The last one to offer his hand was Bruce who started immediately sang his own praises about some scientific projects Steve had no idea about. To all of those Tony was smiling and giving very clever, polite answers, sending sideway glances Steve´s way even when he wasn´t directly talking to him.
Steve nodded tasting the name on his tongue. “But that´s not your real name, right?
“Yes,” Strange agreed, “but I highly doubt it’s a good sign.”
Steve didn´t expect that and probably neither did Tony. He looked like he was ready to jump out of the bed and disappear, but before that, he moved his fingers in the gesture for Steve to give him the phone.
“Are we going to have a dinner? That´s your evil plan?”
The good thing was that Tony looked much better.
Steve woke up startled. He had a distant feeling that some unpleasant dream might have been a reason. However as soon as he blinked into the weakly lit room, it was gone, erased from his memory. Certainly he won´t miss it.
Okay, so that was disturbing thought. At the moment they were like 50 feet from the ground. Steve didn´t even allow himself to look there, although this wasn´t the first time he flew with him. And maybe he was joking or maybe not, but he certainly knew how to prove he belonged in the sky.
Steve was giving everyone his best smile while noticing that the corner of his lips had started to twitch from the strain some time ago. Perhaps in the last hour of this charade.
Tony´s face under the mask made a small move to the side like he had no idea what was Steve talking about, so Steve indicated with a nod.
“Put him on the phone.”
“Oh, fuck, say something. It can´t be that bad,” Tony pretended to be taken aback by Steve´s gaping and a slightly opened mouth, but from entirely wrong reason.
“Yes,” he breathed out firmly, “I will find you. Just calm down and tell me what you can see.”
A choked laugh escaped Tony´s lips. “You… did well.”
Who is excited for the last chapter? If you liked this so far, let me know. Your comments and kuddos make me write faster! :P Beta-readed by
Btw. Steve here is a bit experienced as you can tell. Hopefully you don´t mind. :)
Meanwhile if you feel up to it check my other stories:
He could see Tony was considering. Cloak tugged at his shirt like it encouraged him to go with the plan. It took some time until Tony opened his mouth again to speak.
And what could Steve do? He just smiled and agreed quietly, making a mental note to check up more forcefully on Iron man next time while the man was always claiming to be okay, but clearly that wasn´t the case.
“I need to see it, bandage it, you won´t talk me out of this.” Steve sighed, looking around in the darkness. He knew exactly where was what. “I will bring the lamp, I will settle it behind you so it will send the light towards me, I won´t be able to see your face. So get that hoodie of.” This time Tony let him get up and bring what he´d said.
Tony smiled at her softly lowering himself down to kiss her forehead.
“Yes. Or why no one else knows.” Like me for example.
At the beginning this strange relationship was like a china doll. The trust was nowhere to be seen and although Iron man had smartmouth and seemed to take everything easy, Steve could sense a certain caution when he approached them. It was like every time they ended a fight he expected to turn around and have cuffs on his hands. And was it according to director Fury´s wish, it would probably happened so, but Steve just couldn´t. His teammates often joked that he grew soft on him. And maybe he did.
Tony took a deep breath in. “Fury thinks he knows,” he corrected Steve´s suggestion, “but he has no proof and without it he can´t do anything legally. And it seems I´m not such a big thorn in his ass to kill me in my sleep.”
Steve nodded, not sure where this conversation was aiming.
“Tony, are you sitting down?”
“Do you like wine, captain?”
“Yes, we could say it was like a spell. Bad spell which made me forget some very happy moments with your Daddy.”
He wasn’t good at this.
Tony took a sip from his wine before answering.
It was easier to be said than done.
The man moved next to him. Steve realized he probably wanted to sit up, so he helped. The blanket slid away from his chest and the blue light emerged again, only now it was suppressed by the hand resting over the metal surface.
“Do you recall us watching a movie together? Lord Of The Rings trilogy? Do you remember the last movie?”
“Hope you like the chicken, it´s the only thing I can cook.” The voice from the kitchen was again one which Steve connected with the suit and that was a shame. He was sure Tony would appear once more fully covered in metal, so instead his eyes set on the small table for two in the middle of the room. It was kept simple, yet the look on the plate and food and a careful way of styling gave away that person preparing it all cared a lot.
“But you don´t have to do this, cap, if you feel like you´re wasting time with me. Damn…” he sounded pretty desperate to find the right words, “I don´t even know if you… I mean, I like you, you know?”
“Tony,” Steve tried again and for a second he thought that if the man is really delirious he probably won´t respond to the fake name at all. But then his head snapped Steve´s way and a ragged breath escaped his mouth.
“And what about us?” Steve continued, his guts clenching at the thought of Fury´s possible questions. “I mean…”
The funny thing was Steve didn´t even know his own preferences or at least he thought he knew until now.
He saw Tony blush and Steve wanted to imprint that picture in his memory.
Steve´s heart shattered a bit when the man let out another painful sound mixed with helplessness and resignation. He didn´t ask again and Tony didn´t stop him this time. He cut the T-shirt away from the wound, at the same time revealing the Iron man´s core implemented into Tony´s chest right in the middle, with many, many scars running every possible way. Steve contained himself before he could gasp aloud. Another source of soft blue light filled the room when it was no more covered by a thick fabric.
After a pause a soft woman’s voice said: “up” and Steve walked into the lift with Cloak flying after him.
“Mute, Jarvis, what the hell?”
“Actually, sir,” the artificial voice somewhere in the room interrupted Iron man, leaving Steve turning his head in a lost fight to find its source, “I have to remind you that you probably have a concussion, a sprained ankle and bruised at least two…”
“No, please don’t.”
Steve pressed a small kiss somewhere on Tony´s face receiving a playful bite in return while he searched for the hem of Tony´s t-shirt. When he pulled the body under him stiffened and pair of hands grabbed him.
“My Steve learned how to curse too. I think I’m really a bad influence after all.”
The separation caused Steve almost a physical pain by this point. He needed to see him. Fast.
A date…
Something in Steve´s chest just stopped working.
He found the choice of clothes rather funny. The jeans were all right, almost his size, but T-shirt with kittens? Totally his choice number one for a date. Or no… not a date, just a dinner. Because of the hunger, not attraction.
And the voice was much closer than before. Steve´s eyes went up and widened from the sight.
They’d been doing this for such a long time that it had become their habit. Tony looking in the ceiling and talking and Steve listening quietly, sometimes smiling, sometimes holding his breath, sometimes outwardly laughing. There were few times when he’d cried and wiped Tony’s own tears while the other man had continued to speak in quiet, pained tone.
“You said it because you knew I needed to hear it in order to save the world. I told you about Strange sacrificing the stone and his life for me. Everyone knew it was me. The chosen one. We just didn’t know how. And I was so out of it when we returned to Earth. For a long time, I thought that everyone agreed it is you who need to pick up the broken pieces. And you did. You went with it for my sake and for the sake of humanity. You were everything I needed. And even if it wasn’t real, it was for me.” Tony was shaking or maybe Steve was. “And I lost it. I lost everything with the first snap, and then I lost everything again when I reversed it.”
and subscribe for more!
“No, I can´t,” Steve insisted, “I won´t ever imagine your face, I swear, please. I don´t want you to leave.”
“There is a broken window on your two o´clock.”
“Tony,” he called out both to the phone and to the man and watched as the head of a figure moved in reaction. A cell phone than slipped out of man´s hand and quiet “Steve” returned with an attempt to stand up.
“I´ve slept with you Tony, I know you are not an old man.”
“You are…” and he knew that wasn´t the perfect expression, but it was close, “breathtakingly beautiful.”
“You know that people are starting to get suspicious because I take the phone everywhere with me, right?” he told him one day after two weeks of nonstop calls. “Today when I left the dining room, I would swear Natasha was giving me a disapproving look.”
Steve shook his head hardly believing what he´d said next.
Very pissed Clint.
“I can’t tell, Captain. Sir is in the locked-out zone. No one has the permission to make a contact. Not even me. Captain, I’m scared.”
“I´m sorry for this.”
“Jarvis is saying it´s this big building with that ugly duck face logo. There are three people on the 16th floor, do you want a ride, captain?”
“No, I think I like it the way it is now. Just, take it slow on me, would you?”
That was maybe too quick and too loud and Tony laughed.
“Birdbrain, I really appreciate your concern, but Steve can´t cheat on me…” he lifted one of his hands and from his watch an iron man gauntlet formed around his hand, “… with me.” He waved at Clint and the archer´s eyes widened, just as his smile appeared and did the same.
Steve clearly underestimated how much information Strange had about this matter.
“Seem so. I think he thinks that if he had a proof of my identity, he could blackmail me into joining.”
If you liked the newest video, don´t forget to also visit my
“Steve…”
A pause.
And this may be a bad idea and dangerous ground, but Steve couldn´t help himself.
“You will tell me tomorrow, okay, darling?”
Steve was slowly opening his mouth to announce his presence, when in fact he suddenly froze in the mid-step, his body overpowering his mind by pure instinct.
Tony shrugged. “That we might find out tomorrow.”
Steve didn’t realize he was about to touch Tony’s face until the man flinched away from his touch.
So they met. They took a walk in the park during the night, Tony with hoodie big and awkward enough to hide his face with a help of the spreading darkness around them. They talked and they laughed and Steve might told him about his slowly adjusting to… well everything. Tony listened patiently and remembered every word. Steve knew, because when a month later he decided to buy a place of his own, the gift was there, waiting on his new bed in his new flat. And it was a drawing set. The only hobby which gave him peace in the past and was doing it also in presence. Tony knew, because he listened.
“Oh,” the little girl sighed disappointedly, but she was already well used to her Daddy not finishing his tales all in one night, and her disappointment didn’t last long.
And that was the most honest thing he´d ever admitted aloud about how he was feeling when there was no problem to set his mind upon. He was lonely in this new world. Even with his team around.
There was a brief tired exhale on the other side. “Exactly, sir.”
“What happened then, Daddy?”
“So no more a villain? Ready to become a hero?” And that was a stupid question, because in Steve´s guidebook Tony was already a hero.
Steve started to nod, although he doubted he could see anything in the pitch black around them, leaning back to his previous position to place another kiss on the man´s face. He gently fixed the t-shirt. “Sure. Whatever you want.”
Steve saw the surprise on Tony’s face regarding his chosen words and then a small smile forming on his lips.
“Oh, fuck me.”
“This is like the blindest date ever,” he laughed and in next moment the cloth brushed Steve eyelashes. He closed his eyes.
“He didn’t believe it either, but he still tried. According to his words there were years of preparations. He thought that all he had to do was to revise the Snap itself. He tried, but the stones were too much to handle in this manner. Instead it was easier to just focus on the one of them – the time stone. In the end, what he did was to bring us back in time to Titan – with combined force of the stones and our help we were able to win. But I assume that something very bad happened then. Something he hadn’t taken into account when he’d been making the decision. We won but his past… The five years of preparations were suddenly gone… No one remembers them anymore. No one, but him.”
“In a few minutes…” Iron man added, gently patting the spot he´d just bandaged, “you´ll be as good as new, captain.”
“I brought us china today, I haven´t eaten since like… I think since our last date,” Tony hummed cheerfully dropping the bag in Steve´s lap and throwing himself in the chair next to him. Steve´s smile widened. He´d left the door unlocked before he went to sit on the balcony. He was leaving them unlocked for some time now.
“Captain Rogers,” a familiar voice called his name and although Steve had no idea why Fury was here too, he gladly turned to meet him. He caught a glance of his team moving and taking a stand at his sides and then he also realized that someone else was hiding behind the director. Or no… not hiding merely taking a cover.
“Where´s your suit, Tony?” Steve asked when he finally managed to settle Tony on the bed they both had shared so many times before. He was sure that Iron man would want to have it safe, not lying somewhere around.
Steve made himself look into his own plate and took a tasting bite. Okay, so the meat wasn´t quite ready yet, but Steve hungry as he was, couldn´t care less.
Steve let the one on the neck stay where it was and with other one he aimed first down, his imagination running 200%. He mapped the strong jaw and nice full lips with the gentle brush of his fingers, continuing up back to the cheek, to the temple, missing the eyes which Steve had the feeling were closed from the beginning. Then he went for hair, brushing through the curls once and then he did the route again, this time stopping shortly to feel the air escaping through parted lips on his skin. The man was breathtakingly beautiful.
Maybe so Steve wouldn´t have a heart attack right at the spot when he would see the guest´s face transforming into the face of the man he loved as he stepped from behind Fury and offered Steve a small innocent smile.
He knew that it meant very much to him. They had never ever made love with Tony completely naked. Without his T-shirt. Sometimes when they pressed tightly at each other, he could feel something there, in the middle of his chest, but he never dared to touch.
(See the end of the chapter for
One of the corners of Steve´s lips went up. “What a torture.”
“What do you mean, sweetie? What story?”
“I would like to touch your face. But I know that it´s stupid. It´s not like I could be able to make a portrait after that. I draw but I ´m not that good, but it´s a stupid idea. It´s just that I hate I can´t see you…”
Tony’s eyes were darting to the both sides but beside the obvious nervousness, he sounded completely fine. Best in a while. And that terrified Steve to the core.
Steve thought he had to hear it wrong. “Do you want to meet?”
Thank you very much for your love! :) Your Ejostra
Steve frowned and then raised his eyebrows when he was given the phone back.
“I just want you to be okay.”
“Of course.”
“My AI,” Iron man finished Steve´s sentence, “artificial intelligence, he runs everything what has a connection, sometimes makes totally inappropriate comments and has no self-preservation…”
“Should I?”
Those words hurt. Just thinking about what the man just said looked like a joke to him.
The device looked alien to him and it took him few hours of frustration to learn how to work with it. There was only one number saved. Steve didn´t have to be a genius to know who sent him the gift and he waited impatiently until the phone went off for the first time.
“No!”
Steve straightened on his chair. He decided to tell the truth.
“Okay,” Clint said first, then Natasha nodded and Bruce followed.
“You know you don´t need that around me. You saved me, I´m not going to hurt you.” I wouldn´t hurt you even without the saving part.
There were also some miscalculations in years which I corrected as well. Tony lived through 5 years before his Snap. From those five years he and Steve were together for 3 years. Which means that after almost 3 years of storytelling, Tony counts 6 years together.
“What would you say?” Tony smirked turning his head to face his husband.
Morgan looked at Steve and then back at Tony.
Steve could pickpoint the exact moment when Iron man´s face turned up to meet his eyes even under the cloth.
Steve gave out a sigh.
Steve took a deep breath in, filling his lungs with much needed air. And then he looked.
Tony got in his seat again and according to the sound he started to eat as well. And they both talked. Tony didn´t mind having a full mouth to describe some of his tech work he was currently on, chewing in the process and using so much foreign words that Steve didn´t even try to pretend he could keep up with him. Still it was very charming to just listen to him speaking, sometimes so fast and sophisticated that even Captain America felt like a five years old child sitting next to a university professor.
Tony laughed.
“Yes, of course, if you don´t mind.”
Steve tried to visualize. Yes. He will be fine. Maybe.
“So I should lie.”
“Tony are you bleeding?” he felt sick only pronouncing the words. When no immediate reply came his way, he stood up, stopped in the next second by the same hand squeezing.
“It´s not like that, cap. You got it all wrong. This,” he lifted the hand in the air, “is because of my wrist, it is stabilizing it and helping me with heavy liftings. Right now even with easy liftings, like, eh… a pan with a meat? In the state the wrist is in, I wouldn´t even lift it from the cooker.”
“Great. Now you scared him,” he called out near the phone, running with his hands into the already messed hair. Steve put his palm on Tony´s tight preventing him to get up.
“Hello, capsicle, how do you like my new tech? Waterproof, bulletproof, alienproof, everything a typical superhero needs on the daily basis.”
“I want to meet again. Can we?”
And like that Steve forced himself to let Tony go, to let him grab a functional suit and fly him back home, to the base. Because there was no other way. Because Steve´s life won´t be ever easy. Because Steve will always be Captain America first and then Steve Rogers - blindfolded kissing his enemy.
“Okay.”
Tony´s laughter was contagious.
“Everything will be ready in 20 minutes, sir. But I´m afraid that chicken in the oven needs your attention immediately.”
Tony smiled and petted it affectionally. Cloak didn’t stop to pull until Tony it forced Tony to step down and then it climbed up on his shoulders and stayed there. Tony looked up at Steve, giving him a broken, painful smile.
They laughed. And for a moment everything was alright. Steve could almost forget that he´d had to say his goodbye to Tony for some time – weeks perhaps.
A pause on the other side lasted only a second.
However, Tony looked so fragile these days that no one dared to approach him with the matter despite the fact that it would be probably better if he got it out of his system before he would be forced to answer the questions in front of the council.
“Jarvis, answer,” Tony gave his permission still with a smile in his voice.
“Iron man, don´t come back. I repeat, don´t come back.”
“Good, you understood quickly, Captain. I do not posses that information, unfortunately nor do I have an access to the any other floors of this tower.”
“I appreciate you´re trying to be quiet, but it´s not working, gorgeous.” Tony´s amused voice hit his ears and he smiled, bringing the water closer to his patient. After he had some liquids inside, Steve put the glass away on the nightstand, laying down again and playing with Tony´s hair.
“The question is why.” The sorcerer looked a bit uncomfortable to evaporate on that.
Steve fought away the panic trying to overpower him. He grabbed his other phone and dialed Natasha, not sure where he got enough of clear judgement to do so.
The bed was still warm. Steve could smell the man everywhere. On the sheets. On the pillows. On himself. He decided he didn´t need to get up for few more hours, enjoying fresh memories buried in his head and around him.
“I understand, director. When will this condition pass?”
Steve looked around. The women were there, looking at him with a restored hope.
“I know you have questions,” he started carefully, but Steve shook his head. Then recalling that Tony could probably not see that.
Tony was sitting without moving with a plate in front of him and the mask covering his face looking hilarious and adorable at the same time.
The man hit the ground, but before that, something had slipped out of his fingers. In that moment Steve was already trying to locate the position of the other women, not able to prevent it in any way. A gas bomb made a small exploding sound and a green fog started to spread out. Steve didn´t have a chance to get away in time. He covered his nose and mouth with his hand, coughing heavily, while with the other one he grabbed the man by the collar and quickly dragged him away.
“Hear you, cap. I´m on it. Everything for my damsels in distress.” The familiar voice made him turn around right in the time to see a red-golden suit approaching the spot, where he stood, from the sky. Steve fought against the corners of his mouth not to go up in natural response to the other man´s presence.
“I see,” Tony added after a moment of silence, “Steve, can I have a question?”
When he returned the same evening into the compound to train and leave out some steam he found his team waiting on him, Bruce and Clint silently passing some money between them.
“What?”
Tony looked at Morgan with a surprise.
Steve was kept in the dark like everyone else. The doctors placed a PTSD sign on the engineer’s head along with many other mental illnesses – some of them Steve had never heard about before. That alone was giving Tony a solid backup for his behavior for quite some time. But Steve and the other Avengers knew it won’t hold forever.
“And it´s out… eh, never mind. Yes, that was the plan, if you´re up to it?” Without the usual confidence in Iron man´s words, Steve felt the urge to reply in nanoseconds.
“Rogers,” a distant firm voice captured his full attention.
He stood up, slowly putting the chair away.
Steve wanted to ask what for, but didn´t have a chance as Tony reached for him and pulled him into a kiss. Steve gasped against the other man´s lips, not just from a surprise but also from the closeness and sudden overwhelming feelings creeping up from his stomach. He had the man in his arms, pressed on his body from head to toe, sending the chills down his spine and Steve never felt the urge not to let go so strong before.
“I´m sorry, Steve.”
Finally, a spark of Tony’s personality sparkled through the mist when he laughed.
The sudden sharp movement of Tony´s hand under his made Steve pull back. An unfamiliar ringtone started to play with funny lyrics.
There was a brief pause on the other side during which Steve called out Tony´s name few times in panic.
Steve shrugged. “I always imagined chocolate brown, but I´m not sure.”
“No,” Tony shook his head. “I´m feeling alright, Steve, you´ve done enough. I will call you tomorrow.”
“They have to be freaking out,” he said and relaxed in the warm bed, spreading his muscular arms back behind his head. Steve stilled for a second before he remembered what he was supposed to do.
They didn’t wait for an answer knowing too well that Morgan was already asleep. She was a fast sleeper just like her Papa.
“Do you know me?” Tony asked after a while. Steve shook his head in denial.
Steve marched towards the window with a view on the street in front of the building. There, in the shadow of the street lamp, he saw a figure leaning over the side of the nearby bench. Could be him. Or not.
“Looks worse… than it is.”
“Rogers,” Fury started more calmly, “you will not let him walk away from wherever you are. In less than half an hour he will become disoriented and he can repeatedly lose consciousness. Tell him to be reasonable. He can´t go alone or he never makes it to his house.”
Steve stood up and Strange’s cloak followed his sudden movement.
He still let out a frustrated growl.
Clint.
“Steve, I have a fucking heart condition and I didn´t want you to know because I didn´t want you to see me as an asset. A cripple behind the iron.”
“I hope he´s alright now. He was when he was leaving and the effects of the gas should be gone by now.” He hoped so.
Steve felt the brush of fabric on the side of his shoulder and goosebumps found a way on his back.
Yeah. Steve remembered. That wasn´t a nice one.
“No,” a loud, panicked refusal went on and on until Steve let go.
“I forgive you. I haven’t told you yet and I think you should know. I also apologize if I ever made you feel bad or hurt you. It wasn’t my intention.”
Tony was standing only few metres away with a bottle and two glasses in his hands and even if he was wearing one of his gloves or at least part of it and the helmet with a mask, those parts of the suits were the only one visible. Otherwise the man was dressed in the dark jeans, snickers and an extreme tight black t-shirt. Steve restrained himself from gasping out loud. If he ever fought himself about how he felt about him, it came all clear to Steve now.
And suddenly the cheerful atmosphere was gone. Steve didn´t want to see the pity on the faces of his teammates. The truth was that in theory he could sculpt the man´s face based only on all of the touches and mouth exploring. But they had to be all aware of the fact that Steve was never going to admit it.
“They are bit longer than the last time we met, just enough to pull my fingers through and bury my hands in them. I think they are dark.”
I can´t even say how bad I´m feeling about this chapter. I might still rewrite it later, because I´m so not satisfied with it. What do you think? Was it at least a bit "readable"? :)
Tony wasn’t on his floor, so “up” had to only mean the roof. Both him and Cloak looked at each other when they realized what it possibly led to. They approached the last door with even more brutal force than before.
“But I wanted to,” Steve disagreed. “When someone asks how long we are together, you say six years, I say three… now when I know all what you remember I can say six as well,” Steve chuckled.
Tony nodded half-seriously. “You got it.”
“Tony,” he said breathlessly, “hey.”
Damn.
“Some were disturbing, some were quite enlightening,” he continued, “he said that I gave up the time stone to save his life because I knew he would save us all in the end. I couldn’t believe that at first, but it had to be true.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Let him go? No way.
“Steve Rogers,” he answered blindly not letting his eyes fall away from Tony´s body provoking him.
Something solid bumped into his chest and maybe, just maybe he heard someone cursing.
“Hello?”
“Perfect. Please, have a seat.”
“I think I´m falling in love with you,” Steve blurted out again, holding his breath.
Steve was stubborn, but maybe not so stubborn as Iron man was. And so he found himself climbing through the shattered glass right to the edge. Slowly he stood up.
Steve groaned with frustration. “And you think I could lie to you like that for such a long time?”
Steve didn´t like this way of dealing with potential recruits, but it wasn´t entirely a bad idea and it looked exactly like something Fury would do.
“They are the memories of Daddy and me that I, unfortunately, forgot,” he explained slowly, “Daddy tells me every night something new so I could have the memories back.”
So Steve let him. He knew he won´t follow into the peaceful slumber anytime soon. He had too much energy flowing in his veins from everything that happened.
Steve took a deep breath, making his legs move forward. He stopped in front of the engineer.
“The last night was perfect. I will make it work, don´t worry. Keep the phone with you.” Steve´s grin grew bigger when he noticed a one more line at the end. “PS: You´re snoring, Steve. Do something with that while I´m gone. Tony.”
“I don´t mind,” he whispered, waiting for Tony to fully comprehend. Eventually he warmed up to Steve´s reassuring and the two men curled together on the bed.
“We must move, the help is on the way.”
“Ah,” Tony nodded, dots connecting in his mind rather quickly, “but those aren’t really stories, dear,” he tried to explain.
Steve grinned, completely filled with happiness.
Tony stroke his cheek gently. “Yes. Perfect.”
“Well, now I know you don´t remember our landing, because otherwise you wouldn´t have to ask.” Steve would swear he was smiling when he was saying that, but the reminder just made him feel all sick again.
Tony smirked fondly.
“Okay, we have exactly one minute and 37 seconds. You stay right here and I will come back for you. If I won´t be here when it explodes, you jump and I catch you, are we clear?”
“He is right, we should go home,” Steve forced himself to pull away, still cradling Tony in his arms like a treasure.
“It´s good,” he started to nod approvingly and lifted his eyes again towards the man on the other side of the table. After that he sighed.
“You’ve just missed it.”
“Okay. How much time do we have?”
“Dummy wanted to poison me, you know? Again. If I once don´t turn in you will know who is responsible…”
“Tony, I have to take it off. I can use scissors, but either way…”
“Yes, so you may be surprised that all of those descriptions are actually accurate. You know my face better than I do, Steve. So let’s stop playing this game. Open your eyes for me.”
“Tony?” he called out with a sleepy voice, when he realized the place beside him was empty. His eyes darted towards the watch on the nightstand. It showed 5:06 a.m. - only twenty minutes passed since Steve allowed himself to close his eyes for a brief moment, only because of Tony´s very persuasive way of telling him to do that or he is leaving.
Steve woke up with a painful groan involuntary escaping his dry lips, dizzy and disoriented in complete darkness with his head throbbing and with a sharp pain in one of his shoulders he felt like on the verge of very bad panic attack. All he could think about was ice and cold and ice and hydra and… yes, definitely feeling someone´s hand touching his right leg.
“You´re welcome, captain. J, open the door and loosen the cuffs.”
The man didn´t stop shooting and Steve tried to lead him away from women. At least they had enough of the sense to start crawl away immediately without him needing to shout it. The man was getting closer on him, but it wasn´t hard to knock him down once he ran out of ammo. It was the old good tactic of “wait and strike”. Something what Steve´s muscles recognized and followed easily.
“Your team is alright, cap. I guess you will be too in next few hours. Terrorist behind the bars and all… We didn´t lose anyone.”
And of course Fury sent them invitation to some gala at the same day. Because clearly nothing in Steve´s life could for once go as he planned. He had to call Tony and tell him how sorry he was that they wouldn´t be able to meet, no until later in the night, but surprisingly the man took it well, even joked that few more hours couldn´t hurt so much. Only that they really did.
“Look at me.”
“You sound like you need a company, do you want me to come?”
All in all, Steve didn’t need to have any memories to know that he would have fallen in love with Tony Stark in each and every future there is.
“And he told you all of this?”
Steve encouraged Tony to move even closer and he let one of his hands encircle Iron man´s shoulders to keep him pressed against his chest. Their eyes stayed on the wall in front of them with Tony murmuring something from time to time. It was hard to understand the cryptic words or whether they were meant for Steve or… the other thing/person he was seeing.
“I´m happy for you.”
“Sure.”
The morning however came too soon. Steve didn´t want to fall asleep because he knew that Tony will leave him before the sun would reach them. Still it was impossible to resist the sleeping when he had him in his embrace, pressed together from head to toe.
Steve didn´t want to be angry or hurt, but he couldn´t help some of those emotions to slip into his tone.
A familiar blue light covered the floor behind the counter and Steve tensed before he forced his next step behind it.
Steve just shook his head, putting his fingers around the hem of the T-shirt. A too familiar scene than flashed in front of his eyes and just as the last time he received the same reaction.
He knew it was. God, Tony probably knew it too. But they needed to do it. While remembering the face of the man he loved – he couldn´t say he would take it back for any reason.
“So… now my story?”
“Strange told me something. He said that we were doing this together. That in those horrible months I stood by your side. I can do this again, Tony, if you let me. I can be that person.”
“Please let it not be long.”
“Well, they are… memories. Of a sort. It’s difficult to explain,” Tony turned to Steve for help.
“God, I hope it´s over. I feel like I was run by the train,” he said when Steve finally lied down next to him and the two of them curled together.
“Good. Perfect.”
“Why are you…”
“Tony, what´s wrong? Where are you?”
The engineer was sitting, slumped against the kitchen cabinets on the cold floor, clutching something in his hand with a wild expression, breathing loudly through his nose like there was something sitting on his bare chest, restricting him from taking a proper breath. In the moment Steve felt similar.
When he sat down next to Tony´s body again and switched the light on, he nearly gasped at the amount of blood around the sheets and Tony´s T-shirt. The engineer´s breathing was a bit better now, or at least he didn´t sound like he was about to suffocate anymore.
“Steve,” Clint addressed the supersoldier, “you won a fucking lottery, man.” His eyes snapped back at Tony. After a moment of thinking, he blurted out: “I want arrows. Explosive arrows. A lot of explosive arrows.”
Oookay, so the first chapter working as a prologue is already here cause I´m impatient as hell. :D Please leave me a comment if you want me to continue, because this is a creation of two sleepless nights and maybe I should really sleep instead of posting it here. PS: I reply to comments. :)
“Have you tried?” the question was innocent. Tony didn´t seem to be really worried, but he was also drugged.
Will Iron-man´s identity be revealed when he is injured and in need of Steve´s help?
“On it.”
“Can you at least point me in the right direction?”
I hope you liked the video and big sorry if you have already seen it! I´m the worst spammer... :D Join me on my
He imagined his hands diving into man´s curls.
“You already know how I look, don´t you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The suit wasn´t impenetrable. It could break and break bones under it. It could bend and burn the skin or puncture a lung. And those pictures were something what Steve couldn´t ignore any more. But he tried, he tried because his team needed him and he tried because Tony asked him to concentrate, to trust him.
“Yes. I mean. Do you?”
“Yes. And we can´t keep doing this unless you are going to continue kidnapping me.”
“Give me one night.” And maybe I will make it a thousand. “Please, if what you’re saying is true, let me have at least this.”
“Friday, where is Tony?”
Steve paced in the enclosed space; the cloak as nervous as it was doing the same on the other side.
Steve´s smile spread so wide it almost hurt.
His body went into full fight mode in a single second, moving forward to the possible threat even if he couldn´t see what or who it was. He noticed the restraints on his hands only when they returned the force he put into them and threw him back into the chair. And the person and touch disappeared completely sometime between those two actions.
“Suddenly,” Tony continued with a bright smile, “the prince spotted a lonely knight in the courtyard. He was training with his sword and the prince couldn’t stop looking at him. He was soooooo beautiful.”
Even though that it had been almost three years since that one night on the roof, Steve very well remembered their deal. He also remembered the trick he’d used continuously up to this night – always making Tony to finish before the end. At the beginning he’d been buying more days like that. More time. Now, it was just a habit. Steve hadn’t even realized that today Tony indeed finished his story. All of it. No continuation required.
This wasn´t Iron man´s voice, at least not the machine-like one. This was the voice of a normal person, of a man. A nice, deep and steady voice, making everything he said sound like a music.
Tony shrugged.
Steve nodded enthusiastically. With the help of Cloak he pulled Tony into the warm room. Maybe Tony’s room. He wasn’t sure. Further from the roof the better.
Steve heard rustling of the clothes and then the gentle but firm touch returned to the spot on his thigh. Maybe it was because the place was too close to the certain part of his body or simply because of those hands, but suddenly Steve felt urge to talk and put his attention elsewhere, before he could embarrass himself.
Iron man stayed hovering in the air, but he wasn´t looking at Steve, probably searching for some kind of an energy signature. And Steve used the time he had to let his eyes wander across the suit. The last fight they´d endured together had been an extremely nasty one. But to Steve´s delight there were no scratched to remind him.
“Oh, no… What will I do?”
He was walking to the lifts, surprised about an odd delay in the AI’s answer.
“It´s not just that…” the man tried to explain, but the words were clearly failing him. “It´s worse… I don´t want you to see it.”
All in all time is relative. When you have a goal, something sweet waiting for you at the end, it passes quite quickly and Steve had a lot he was looking forward to. When the day finally came and Tony called explaining that everything was done, it also meant that Iron man was ready to finally start working out the things with SHIELD and to meet Steve. Captain wore a big smile whole day, informing the team while being superaware that very soon he will see Tony again in a different situation than shooting at some villains in the suit. Preferably without the suit and without any clothes as well.
“He shared the story,” Steve offered the information, but didn´t go into any details without Tony´s permission, “he just wanted you to know about his condition in the case of an emergency.”
StevexTony -
“No,” was a simple and cold answer from the man, but still his hand stayed in Steve´s, holding more tightly than before. “Just stay. ´m tired.”
And that Steve didn´t understand, but he let the man continue.
Suddenly there was quiet on the channel, until a sharp voice cut in.
“Not… bad,” Tony managed to say without hissing for a change, “just scratch… knife… right side… I´ll be… fine.”
“Just as I said, you don´t need to explain.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, Tony. Please, give me at least tonight. Give me the time to listen to you, and if I can’t make you change your mind, then I will…” He couldn’t even say it. “I will let you do what you want.”
Slowly.
There on Clint´s face were a lot of emotions Steve never wanted to see again in connection with his person. And for a second he didn´t even know where to start, how to explain. And then Tony laughed loud and cheerful. Clint reacted with a scowl.
His team always knew how to avoid the contact with other people, but Steve was almost constantly caught in that or other circle of over-enthusiastic rich people trying to wrestle something they could gossip about out of him. It was uncomfortable and soon Steve found himself shutting the voices completely, daydreaming about what will follow later in the night. He had to stop in fear he would make himself blush or worse.
“Yes, he is.” He gave everyone a steady look. A look which said: yes, I know I screwed up, but I can´t regret it.
“No.”
“Steve?”
His brown chocolate eyes were glassy when returning back to Steve’s.
Also if you feel like checking out my brave new youtube channel who cries for some attention, please go and see my two Marvel thematic videos:
“Come here,” Tony said almost whispering and Steve was glad that at least the man recognized him and wanted him close. He moved wordlessly at Tony´s side, he gazed at his hands carefully to see what he was holding.
“Tony?” Steve tried again, a worry evident in his voice.
“You tell Papa, right? When I go to pee, I can hear you sometimes telling him stories.”
And everything ended well. They won and no one said anything about Steve being distracted the whole battle. Still the question lingered back in his mind – will he always feel this way from now on?
“´m here… I think… See your flat… tried… walk… hmm… I can´t… ”
“Are you okay?”
Steve watched him from the other side of the room. He saw Pepper giving him a big smile and Tony returning it before they hugged. And like that Tony continued with Rhodey, new Avengers, saving most of his time for the kid – Peter. On Steve’s surprise, after them Tony approached Natasha and Clint. But those were only brief words and handshakes which looked stiffened and uncomfortable from Tony’s perspective.
Morgan nodded quickly.
“Is your story over?” Another voice carried itself from the doors, and Tony looked back to give his husband a fond smile.
Steve stopped in front of the bed, when he heard the back of Tony´s leg bump into the wood. Just in the right spot for the man to lose his balance and fall on his back, kicking of his shoes in the process, laughing. Steve crawled on top of him, pressing his mouth to the curve of the man´s neck, sucking on the skin, happy with the soft moaning he received as a reaction. He returned to the open lips, not really sure who was leading now. Tony´s legs were entailed with his own and his hands were holding him close. Steve let his own fingers wander over the body beneath him. The man was still awfully overdressed.
Tony Stark saved the universe. Now it’s time for someone to return the favor.
“Stay for the night.” Steve realized it was his voice and him pleading to Tony´s ear, whispering the words he couldn´t imagine to tell anyone else.
The idea of owning his own place turned to be the blessing. There was no obstacle for Tony to meet him there. Everytime after the dark, with no light in the room, they would sit at the table or on the sofa, sometimes even on the small balcony enjoying the fresh air and each others company. It was hard to imagine Steve´s evenings without the man anymore. His presence was addictive and Steve missed it when their days were busy.
“Take them,” Steve gently pushed the women to the man in the suit. “Go with him, you´ll be safe.”
Steve sighed. “Only if I would try to imagine it very hard.”
“No.”
“Director Fury,” he said aloud. Tony sat straight in the bed.
He would recognize the voice everywhere, even when it was weak and trembling.
“Where are you? Baby, please talk to me.”
Again there was a brief moment of silence, not long enough to get uncomfortable.
“What?” Steve asked, disbelief clear in his voice. They tried so hard to keep Tony´s identity hidden.
“He kidnapped him.”
“Some of it,” Strange admitted, “I and Wong figured out the rest.
There were a few seconds of shouting on the other side of the phone and Steve could hear no more than the last question. Fury was asking if he was alright.
Today Tony was finished sooner than usually. Steve waited patiently despite that no continuation came, not even after a few minutes long pause.
“What´s wrong?” Tony stopped eating and was probably watching Steve in the dark. Bright as he was, he had to know immediately that something was wrong.
They both sat down on the bed in silence.
Tony seemed to be happy with his answer. He said: “No, I just wanted to make sure.” And then he was slowly reaching for Steve and pulling him closer to him, letting him enjoy what he was seeing. He took a very long time to just stare in his eyes. The phone went off and crashed the moment, but Tony just indicated for Steve to answer it.
“I´m okay, Iron man. There was a one intruder. I took care of him. There are two women I need to get to the safety. Your status?”
“Probably because you haven´t kidnapped me for some time,” he joked. And he´d asked Natasha to watch him, because director had to know that Steve would detect anyone else. But Natasha was the best of the best. She was also Steve´s friend and because of that she warned him.
Hello, hello!
“Sure,” Steve let the room sink into the comfortable darkness, something both of them knew and when Tony tugged onto him, he laid down as well, being careful around the side he´s just treated.
Steve leaned his head to the side, clearly indicating who he was about to speak to.
Steve smiled for the first time since they started the conversation.
“Sorry to come here,” Tony whispered and his breath tickled Steve´s skin, a second later he felt the man press his head between Steve´s chin and his shoulder. “I didn´t… nowhere else to go. I panicked.”
“I´m happy for us,” Clint deadpanned and all of them turned to face him, Steve with raised eyebrows. “What? He catches us midair every time we jump of somewhere.”
Strange looked up straight into Steve’s eyes, pursuing his lips while playing with his glass on the desk.
“Yes.”
“Steve,” Tony acknowledged his presence finally, his form shaking and eyes moving from Steve´s face to something invisible behind his back.
“He will go with you. He was a loyal companion to him after my death.”
“I don´t care about the scars, you know that.” To emphasize what he´s just said he took Tony´s hands in his. The hands of the mechanic, full of hard and burned, scarred skin. The hands he loved.
Because there was a time when they all used code names and then there was a time when Iron man just didn´t care or was in particularly bad situation and he called him Steve. And he was full of inappropriate jokes and comments which made Steve blush like a teenager and it became harder and harder to ignore mutual fondness. Sometimes when they were all home he imagined how would it be if he came with them just once.
He wanted to ask many things. Like what had Tony seen? Who had he fought? What the hell had happened to him? But all Steve could do at the end was to wrap his fingers over Tony´s where they were resting against his metal heart and count the steady beats.
“I think we don´t have much choice.” He pressed their lips together, gasping when Tony decided to deepen the kiss, gently forcing Steve´s mouth to let him in.
When they finally parted, foreheads still pressed together while catching their breaths, Steve simply realized he was doomed.
Tony let out an exaggerated sigh.
“Yes, you may lie, that would be for the best.”
(See the end of the chapter for
The one hand encircling his lower back disappeared and Steve landed smoothly in the opening. He briefly turned back to see Iron man changing his direction in the last possible second to avoid colliding with a wall and shook his head.
He let him go. He didn’t have a right to force Tony into the contact with him or to try to prolong it. The engineer disappeared from the room soon after.
“Unfortunately, no, Mr. Rogers. But sir is fully capable to do it himself as he always does.”
“He will make it, Steve.”
“Can… walk,” he tightened his grip on Steve´s shirt with his other hand and just like that they slowly started the way back in the flat. The stairs Steve had taken before were out of the question now. Thank God the building had an elevator.
Natasha had this amused glance when he told her about his previous plans as they were walking into the big fancy room where people immediately started to greet them, but she fell in her role just as he did and it was okay – they had to put up with the charade only for few hours.
“Hey, sugarcube, what is going on? I´m at the meeting right now. What? Steve Rogers? Like who? No, sorry, don´t know what you´re talking about.”
Steve didn´t mention how much time it took him to persuade Tony that they can and will keep it a secret and what was more important they won´t think any lees of him because of it. How could they? The only thing he proved was that he was a fighter, a survivor.
“It’s Stark,” he said carefully. Steve thought something around the lines: isn’t it always? But he didn’t say it out loud worried that it could be misunderstood.
Four weeks. It´s been four weeks. Too long. There was no possible way to regain control.
“Stop it, captain. I´m coming for you no matter what you say. You may at least try to jump, so I won´t have to go and search for you in the falling concrete.”
Steve’s stomach tightened in the knot.
Steve had apologized to the genius more than on one occasion, actually almost every time he’d got a chance. This small gesture of acceptance, of a possible new beginning, melted his heart.
“I don’t know how to live here. I’ve seen too much, done too much. But no one remembers beside me. And I can’t tell anyone because I would never want to give another person nightmares to live with.”
They were back on each other sooner than Clint had the time to close after him and they both heard his laugh as he was leaving.
“What are they then?” Morgan asked, curious.
Okay, now Steve´s mind was clenching to the word shower and nothing more.
“You belong here, Tony. You saved everyone. You. The world is saved.”
“Mor´… less,” he murmured back, some of his usual self seeping into the tired voice. In any other circumstances it would make Steve smile. But now all he did was telling Natasha to wait while he took the stairs five at the time almost jumping between the floors, running straight from the building towards the slumped man in the street.
“He is behaving oddly.”
“I´m in as well, captain. But this is not a competition, because I dropped you of first.”
“Don´t do this, Rogers. I know he was out tonight. His suit blew up a building. There was a camera there, showing him staggering away. Did he go to you?”
“Tell me what my hair looks like?” Tony asked suddenly and Steve went still.
“Cap, do you copy? All of the intruders are out, but we are afraid the bomb is already ticking and we don´t know where,” Hawkeye reported a little out of breath. He was probably running. “Natasha is taking care of Hulk, it´s only Thor and me. SHIELD is trying to scan the place, but it might take some time we don´t have.”
Coming from Tony, the kiss was not a demanding act which would force a response from Steve if he was not ready to give one, but it still had enough of the power to mess with Steve´s otherwise pretty steady heartbeat.
To that Tony laughed warmly. “You know I like it hard, Steve.”
Steve´s eyes followed the path to Tony´s long beautiful neck which was the last thing he could see before his eyes would fill with tears from the bright light of the lamp. His face had to be turned away from Steve.
“What do you really want, Tony?” he didn´t want to say that aloud, but it was already out and he was really curious about the answer. “I mean, don´t take me wrong, I like this,” he indicated the place around himself, “but nothing changed on our situation. You are still… we are…”
“Yes, that could work…” he kissed those lips with closed eyes and crazy-beating heart – the promise of their future and a brand new world waiting for them, “for a start.”
“Because you wouldn’t do it in normal circumstances.” Steve hissed inwardly when a wounded look returned to Tony’s face. “Because you told me when I was leaving. You said it shouldn’t be so hard to return because it wasn’t real. There were tears running down your face when you said it, when you watched me go, and in the worst times I imagined it was because you really cared about me, that you wanted to make it easier for me.”
“How…” he started, but lost his next words immediately. What did he wanted to ask really? How the fight ended? How did he save him? Why he didn´t wake up in the compound?
He stood on the roof of the compound and watched Iron man fly away in the distance feeling like he was not supposed to have this kind of a smile on his face when he was just returned from capture. But he didn´t try to hide it anyway.
They set their date.
PS: I apologize for mistakes, the chapter is not BETA-readed.
“Enemies,” Tony finished for him and god… that somehow hurt.
“I can take you only on your floor, Captain. You have to take the stairs from there, the door will be locked. You will need to use the force.”
He leaned in for a kiss and when he received one, he moved on Tony´s cheek mapping his way through the strong jaw.
“He,” Iron man pointed his finger at the terrorist, “would let you die. He would let die anyone. He would kill anyone. Come on, cap. You can´t think this seriously. We´ll wasting a time here. I can´t come back. This is the only way out.”
Steve let the smile spread on his lips. “That makes two of us.”
Steve nodded briefly, trusting that the magic artefact would keep a pace with him when he more ran than walked away from the room.
“Yes?” Steve was in his room, marching nervously, hoping, eager to hear the familiar voice again.
Tony chuckled again, pleased.
“I´ve known it by the touch anyway,” he repeated Tony´s words from yesterday, trying not to blush.
“I will take this and you will get that off.”
“What about something in between for a start?”
The pair of wide excited eyes was glued to his lips and a little suppressed gasp interrupted his storytelling.
Morgan giggled before her eyelids dropped few times quickly in the row. She yawned.
Steve ignored Cint´s chuckle in his ear.
The engineer sighed and then slowly turned to face him. His attention, however, was momentarily claimed by the levitating piece of cloth tugging at his sleeve urgently. Steve didn’t notice when Cloak had left him.
“Just a small bet,” Clint replied and Steve blushed under his stare. The archer clearly knew what happened between him and Tony. And his first thought was turning at Natasha.
“So now it´s going to get funny, hope you remember where your plate is.”
“I told you everything. This… this was the last bit I can recall.”
“I´m a prisoner, right? If Fury ask, well, what could I do?”
Tony grinned at him. “No, thank you, already taken.”
Steve shut him up with a quick kiss.
“It´ 10:24, cap,” he said, turning on Steve with a spark in his knowing eyes. Clint knew everything. He always did.
He slowly extended his hand until it touched the side of Tony´s face and the man leaned in affectionally. His smile was brighter than stars outside and his eyes glistened.
“I married you, we adopted our little angel. You know the answer to that question. You know that you didn’t even have to listen to me anymore.”
“He said that Fury knows who he is, but he doesn´t have the proof or maybe he just pretends by now. It doesn´t really matter.”
And it meant that they were enemies but ones who didn´t want to kill each other. Because hey, maybe they chose different methods, but both Iron man and Avengers were fighting against bad guys after all. And each time they met, the both sides knew, that capturing him alive or at least not gravely injured wasn´t an option. If they learned something, it was the fact that he was as much survival material as Steve´s team was.
Still, it had been only few weeks, barely a month, so no one felt the need to really start pushing. Therefore, Steve didn’t even dared to hope that Tony would appear in the gala tonight but causing the shock for everyone present, he did. He was wearing a fine fitting suit when he entered the room - immediately followed by stares and gasps from every side. The suit outlined his body perfectly as per usual. The nano-technology wasn’t visible beneath it, but Steve knew it was there.
“And yes, about the restraints… I´m not sure if you know about it,” Iron man stood up and Steve could feel that he let the arms of the chair supported his weight, hopefully because of that it was more comfortable not really needed, “but I officially kidnapped you.”
Some color had returned to his face and the big dark circles under his eyes were not so apparent. Steve didn’t want to let his hopes up and assume he would speak with the man tonight, but then Tony started to walk around the room and greet some people. Still ignoring any stranger who dared to throw themselves in his way, he talked only with people he knew.
Steve didn´t want to think about it, not again, not when all he could see was Tony screaming and trashing on the filthy operating table just like he´d been on Steve´s bed.
Steve´s eyes closed down, maybe just for a second and he stumbled. An explosion was heard behind him and he expected to be hit. Soon he really was, but it didn´t hurt as bad as he thought.
Okay, this didn’t sound good. Tony could block away people, but not his own AI, that screamed trouble.
“You can call me Tony.”
“I can kidnap you anytime you would like, Steve.”
When they finished they meals and were only sipping the wine they still had so much to talk about. Steve told Tony about the books he´d like before he woke up in this century and Tony on the other side tried to engage him into new movies. They shared their music preferences and favorite places to eat in New York. And after that they ended up talking about Natasha, Clint and Bruce, about the missions they both knew about because they´d both been there. By that time Steve knew the atmosphere will be ruined in next minutes, because they just stated to remind themselves where they were. They reminded themselves why was Steve stabbing himself with a fork frequently through the dinner. That reason wasn’t to make Tony laugh, but to hide his face before Steve´s eyes. Those were all stolen moments, amazing ones, but still stolen.
“But just tonight.”
“That can be arranged.”
Tony looked him in the eyes and gave him an amazing smile. “I appreciate that.”
“How can I prove myself to you?” Steve pleaded, raw emotions hardening his voice.
“Sure,” he didn´t even try to hide the immediate excitement in his voice.
Professional as she was, Natasha just replied calmly: “on it” and Steve squeezed the other phone.
Tony´s tone changed into disapproving one. “You want to sneak out behind mother´s back? I would never think that about you, captain.”
There was a brief pause, when no one said anything. After that Iron man had to move further away.
Steve nodded. He remembered the story about hobbits very well because it was Tony’s choice and he’d loved the way the engineer had talked to him through the movie, energic and passionate.
“What… what do you mean?” Steve made a step forward, just one. “Tony, please, step down. Please.”
“Aye, my friend. Do not worry.”
Steve’s brain was a fuzz. His blood was freezing with a new revelation which haven’t truly reached his mind yet. Oh my god.
“No, Steve. You don’t get it. Those weren’t months. Years. We’ve been fighting for years. We’ve done some horrible, horrible things to make it work.” He made a painful grimace and Steve tightened his grip. “You’re saying “we” like us together? The two of us?”
Steve froze on the spot for a second, looking at Cloak and back at the demolished door. Another second passed, and it opened up for him. He slowly entered feeling the cold breeze seep through his skin. He looked around and his eyes immediately stopped on the dark figure standing on the ledge of the building. His heart probably missed some heartbeats with the sight.
TonyxLoki -
But Steve also mentioned a lot of the stuff he did himself beside saving the world like drawing for example. That received some comments he pretended not to hear, what only made Iron man try and mock him harder. He was also talking about the life he had back before the war and how everything is different now from what he knew. Tony seemed to understand. After a while he found himself really relaxed and he had to pay a lot of more attention not to mention any topics considering work.
So another chapter is behind us. Who is excited for a second meeting? :P Please let me know in the comments how you feel about this one. I live from the cuddos and your comments, don´t let me starve. :P
“No,” Tony interjected him gently, “no, just answer.”
“Oh, that…” Tony looked at his hand and then back on Steve. The armor was beginning from behind his elbow and ending under his knuckles, it would give him a right amount of strength for a punch or defense strike.
So yes, basically Steve just made an idiot out of himself and that was about trying not to blush…
“Yes,” Tony agreed immediately, “I hate when someone interrupts like this.”
“I know I failed you and I regret it. I also know it can’t just go to how things were before, but still… I’m here Tony,” Steve said, “if you decide you can accept me in your life again, I will do anything to deserve your trust.”
Steve remembered what little he saw while trying to tend to Tony´s wound. He connected the images with what his hands and lips remembered while covering those parts of iron man´s body.
After a while he noticed a presence behind his back.
“If you don´t mind me asking, why am I in the cuffs and blindfolded?” he ended up saying, pulling inside the cuffs a little to make a point.
“Steve…” Natasha started carefully with a slight disappointment in her voice, “that was stupid.”
“So… You saw his face.”
This shorter chapter is for all of you who wished to read more about Tony and Steve's journey through their thousand and one nights together. Hope you like how things ended up for the boys. :)
He sat back, starring ahead of himself, while Tony standing behind him slowly put away his helmet next to Steve´s plate.
After a moment of silence and intense starring match Tony folded his hands on his chest and threw himself back in the bed, wincing a bit.
Strange leaned a bit closer away from the curious ears.
“Yes, but he is gone now,” he lied through his teeth, failing at it miserably.
A sweet delighted chuckle made Tony look down at the little one tucked in the bed and smiling at him.
“It´s me, capsicle, who do you think would design cuffs strong enough to hold you down if you ever decide to beat the hell out of me while I´m trying to tend to your injuries?” And there was this light funny pitch in the familiar voice which made Steve release the air he was holding and slump down in the chair.
Steve is officialy kidnapped. What is Iron man´s evil plan? Lets find out!
“I can’t be that selfish, Cap.”
Steve shook away the image settling in his head of Natasha strangling someone in the dark room only to find out she killed the man who saved her and Steve´s life on several occasions. Immediately after the scary concept was born, Steve also found out an answer why something like that wouldn´t happen.
Steve took in his own surroundings. The street was almost empty, but a lot of people were surely hiding inside the buildings. The bomb could be in any of them.
“Do you think that it was because he didn’t want to see you? Or was it because he wanted to see that other Steve which had kept him sane during those months but knew he was gone?”
“Nat, please, you have to find Tony.” He cursed. “You have to find Iron man. Something´s wrong with him. He´s calling me right now. Track the signal.”
“Tony?”
“We won´t meet again. I haven´t seen his face. I don´t have anything to recognize him with. He took a good care of that.”
“Captain,” Friday called out suddenly, and Steve stopped.
Steve squeezed his hand back, caressing the skin up to the wrist and back.
“I bet so.”
Cloak wrapped around his fingers like it was holding him in place. Tony shook his head stubbornly.
Something didn´t feel right. Those people weren´t moving, weren´t panicking in search for an exit or phone, instead they were unnaturally still. There were two women sitting on the ground, looking helpless and scared, but still they did nothing. The man standing above them slowly turned his head in Steve´s direction maybe only accidently, because Steve wasn´t even breathing at the moment, and suddenly they both knew.
“So how is he?” Bruce addressed the issue Steve and the team was anxious about.
