“All kids.”
The woman looked up and down at Sherlock before she said:  "Ask away.  Please keep in mind I've only managed this building for five years, so I can't tell you any farther back."
"A swing shift position in a clinic for the homeless and their families.  It's specifically geared to address the additional issues that may come with living rough."  Lestrade still didn't look at him.  John wondered if he too could hear the capital letter in She.  "She works there three evenings a week."
It occurred to John that they hadn't eaten out or gotten takeaway during this case at all, besides that awkward dinner with Lestrade.  "If you want to."  Come to think of it, even suggesting that they eat somewhere was strange for Sherlock.
"An adult? Someone over eighteen?"
He heard them before he saw them.  "Slow down!" Mr. Aherne yelled, and a second or two later Moira and Kieran came barreling down the hall.  They both apparently saw Sherlock, as they came to a skidding halt a few feet in front of him.  John couldn't help but smile; this was the happiest and most carefree he'd ever seen Moira.  The summer break seemed to be doing them a world of good.  Both of them were sun-toasted and Moira's hair had lighter streaks in it.
"Two daughters.  There's also two boys, brothers, who we took in and adopted.  A few of our other former foster children keep in touch with us."  Mrs. Henderson smiled proudly.  "The girls have finished university and are now working on their own.  One of our boys moved out and is working; the other one is in university himself, but he still lives at home."
"And what did you say?"
"Yeah." More silence.
"One of the doctors at the clinic used to work with her.  She said she thought it was strange that she had a policy to not let parents in on exams, but she never said anything about it because no one else seemed to mind."  John wasn't entirely sure he should have said that, but it could hardly affect the trial at this point.  "She did say if it had been a male pediatrician she'd have called the police."
Mr. Aherne shielded his eyes with his hand. "I know you're just trying to help, but can't it wait?"
"What happened next?" prompted Lou after a long silence.
"I liked it."  It was a statement of fact.
"Not at all.  If you want you can look at who's questioning you or at the judge or even the ground," Sherlock told her.
"Yeah."
"Wrong number," he muttered and ended the call. Just to make sure, he fiddled with the mobile for a minute and eventually brought up a list of numbers called. The last two were exactly how he remembered Carolyn's number. Could it just be he wasn't remembering it right? If he rang the directory, at least he'd be able to find out. He put the number in, and when the person on the other end answered, he said "I'd like to look up a number."
John fell into step with them and asked: "Not to be rude, but did you consider it might be the father?" He thought this was unlikely; Mr. Aherne seemed like a doting parent and was reacting to everything with understandable horror, but family had to be ruled out first.
Sherlock gets into a fight and has a visitor.
"Well, Dominic and Martin are both going to the trial tomorrow.  They want to support the others, but they also both think hearing the actual testimony would be too much for them.  I was hoping you could sit with them in the main hallway until Graham and Christine finish.  Martin will have Angus with him, but he shouldn't need help with him at all.  Is that something you can do?"
"You'll be getting there before the start of the trial, I presume," Sherlock said from behind him.  John turned to look at him.  He stood in the doorway, still wearing the clothes had worn yesterday, Hamish under his arm as usual.
"Yeah," Moira said and she proceeded to tell the same story she had told Sherlock a few months ago.  Since John had heard it already he only felt somewhat sad, but the rest of the court had not and the tears and gasps seemed to have gotten louder.
"Was there anyone you didn't like?"
"I thought about that little girl and I realized I didn't know if she was still getting hurt.  So I looked in her handbag and there was no ID but there was a receipt from a store in there.  I wrote down the address and then once She left me back at home I went right over to your place."  He turned so he was once again looking Sherlock directly in the eye.  "I figured that even if I got arrested I'd know that other girl was safe."
"And the town?"
The bored look on Sherlock's face changed into one of surprise.  "No.  I did not."  He sounded subdued.
While he hadn’t gone to bed at nine in the evening since he had been in single digits, today he decided that was late enough.  Unlike the previous night, he fell asleep almost as soon as his head hit the pillow, and probably would have slept straight through to morning if his sleep had not been interrupted at midnight.  Surprisingly, he woke up when the door opened, giving him a few seconds to collect himself before his room was suddenly flooded with light.  He blinked and looked around the room.  Sherlock was fully dressed and standing in the doorway.
"Yours," said Eli, sounding satisfied.
"I didn't bring him here," he managed to say.
The dog came running up to Sherlock and jumped up on his leg.  "Snoopadoop likes you!" said the steward with pride.
"This isn't about that.  It's... sort of a delicate situation."
Here Sherlock confirms that Moira asked for the photo of her family, and gets a good idea of why.
"How did you do that?"
John bit his lip and considered asking the driver to just let him out now. He instead made another nonspecific noise while thinking
"Explain that," Susan said evenly.
"In London.  A program that helped Bengali immigrants found us a flat.  My mum and dad were trying to find work but it was hard."  He spoke clearly and without fear.  He even looked the crowd in the eye.
Lestrade must have felt the same way, because he started talking as they walked back to his office.  “The one file I’m going to show you is a little different than the others.  The child involved was only victimized once, as far as we know.  He wouldn’t say anything about who had done it, although he did try to describe the flat he’d been taken to.  The whole family are fairly recent immigrants – from Bangladesh, I believe – so lack of fluency in English might be an issue as well.”
"PT."
"A month. He's been in rehab six weeks now, but he was living on the street before then. We didn't think that was very good for him."
"I was hoping to tell him about his father.  Not right away, but before the court hearing."  Despite his words, he didn't sound distressed.  Or like he was feeling anything at all.
“Possibly. Or that the sex – at least whatever happened recently – was at some point not consensual.”  He wasn’t sure where this might be going, and if it lead into something more personal (what he had mentally dubbed the incident with the bee) it was important to weigh his words carefully.  Thankfully, his mobile rang at that moment and he retreated to the kitchen.
John realized that she hadn't said one important thing.  "What's your name?"
"No, Mummy and her friends," Jennifer firmly replied.
"We had.  I'd - I wanted us to go on a holiday together."  Sherlock hung his head.  "Just so we could be together and I could pre- imagine what it might be like when we got married.  But She said no.  She said it wouldn't be safe.  I said Mummy wouldn't care and She said my brother would ask too many questions."
“Can you point her out?”
The whole time this was going on, Sherlock stood back.  He didn't say anything until they separated, still looking each other in the eye.  "I know that Mr. Rodgers doesn't live in London, but he has a hotel room for the hearing on Monday.  Take Phillip with you.  I'll ring some people that will help."
He ran a hand through his daughter’s hair.  “I know you must have been.  I wish I had known something sooner.  But that monster K is never going to touch you again.  I promise.”  Mr. Aherne looked at the two men and in apparent response to the doubt that must have shown on both of their faces, added:  “I’ll sleep in this room with a knife in my hands.  I’ll bring Moira’s bed in my room.  I’ll move all of us to a hotel.  I’m not letting my daughter get hurt again.  This stops now.”  He practically spat out the words in his fury.
"Now, remember, when I ask you something it's not like a test at school.  If you don't know the answer just say, 'I don't know.'  Do you understand?"
"Yeah, but I don't know how old."
"Yeah."  Phillip had now turned a deep crimson.  "After a bunch of lessons like that She said something about how adults kiss.  She said they didn't just kiss on the mouth, but on the whole body.  For a while She'd take off most of Her clothes and tell me where to kiss Her.  Once I'd done that a few times She'd do the same to me.  Then one time when She was doing that to me She took my pants off and kissed my penis.  She asked me if I liked that and I said I did.  It felt weird but I thought if I said I didn't like it She wouldn't be my friend anymore.  She said since I liked it so much I could do the same for Her, and I did."  He buried his head in his hands for a minute before speaking again.  "So I did that.  She really liked it and told me that She loved me for making Her feel so good.  I said I loved Her too and She said then when I was at Her flat we could pretend that She was my mummy."
The cab driver was apparently one who had driven him before, as he said "You a solicitor?"
"Not just seen her.  It's, you see -" He looked up at his sister, like he was asking permission.
"Maybe after the trial was over."
John shut the door behind him as he left and only heard a trace of the conversation in the room. "Now where were we? Oh, I see. 'We're not at the end of the universe yet, said Eric…'"
"Well, what did you learn?" He couldn't keep the edge out of his voice.
"Why wasn't it used in this case?"
"Can you describe the bruising?"
"As time passed, did you notice any progression of those problems?"
"Did you tell the police?"
"Please," said Lestrade. "It's cold out there. Maybe it'll even snow."
"Her house isn't where you grew up," John said, more to keep the conversation going than anything else.
"My testimony would not be relevant," he continued, as though he hadn't heard what John said.
"No, I'm not your pilot.  I'm Sherlock Holmes."
The shower ran for a good portion of the time before they left.  John knew better than to comment on it, or ask about it in the first place, but not for the last time he wished he could just sit down and talk with Sherlock about the bee incident, the case, and everything else he hid behind that brick wall.  However, he couldn't help but comment on the rubbish bag Sherlock had slung over his shoulder.  "What's that?" he asked.
"You sound like you want to talk about it, whatever it is," Rodney said.
Jason, Tammy, and Gloria came in roughly at the same time.  "Now that everyone is here, we can get started," said Dr. Dodson.  "Who wants to begin?"
"He took me to hospital.  Not to the fucking room though, to another place."  Even though John knew she had used such a phrase before, he still winced when she said it.  From what he could see of the buffalo, they seemed shocked by it too, and they sat at all sorts of trials.  He suddenly remembered Phillip saying that K had liked him to ask to fuck her, and he shivered.
"Why was your bee taken away from you?" John asked him. He wasn't sure what had made him pose the question, and fully expected to be mocked or given some non-answer.
"What were you arguing about?"
After John was done with the cooking, he divided up the food into two equal portions and carried it back to the sitting room.  Sherlock was still sitting there wrapped in the blanket, motionless.  He looked down as John set a plate down in front of him and after a few seconds of staring he picked up the fork and slowly brought a piece of egg to his mouth.  John smiled encouragingly at him, sat down next to him, and started to eat.
"And if Dr. Martin gave a different story?"
"You can spend tomorrow with your father.  He can take you to the hearing on Monday."
"His father, of course.  And I don't merely think it, I know it.  In fact I have discovered that his father didn't desert him and has spent the last ten years trying to see his son.  There are quite a few court documents relating to him and Phillip's mother Lisa Benton."
"The deadliest airline disaster occurred in what country?"
"I heard something snap, so I thought I should go to the clinic at Bart's."
"In April.  They went into the flat and ran it over with a fine toothed comb.  They took my notes and the copies of the checks."
"Yes."
"Correct.  However there still might be legal issues.  His mother's position has been that Phillip is not interested in a relationship with his father."  Sherlock's tone made it clear what he thought of that argument.  "Undoubtedly by this weekend I will have more information."
John wasn’t sure what woke him up.  But it didn’t take him long to figure out Sherlock was in the grip of one of his nightmares.  He looked over at him and saw his eyes were open in a glazed, unfocused way.  He was moaning softly.  Unlike on some of those worse occasions, he wasn’t actually saying anything.  (Some of those one-sided conversations to K still gave John the shivers; not for what he knew, but what he didn’t know.)  The telltale sign, though, was that he had relenquished his grip on Hamish.  Unless he was having a nightmare, Sherlock wouldn’t let go of the bee until he was out of bed.
"She took my clothes off, except my pants.  I almost told Her I could do that myself, but lots of people don't think I can do things like that.  And then She started to examine me, feeling my arms and legs to see they were all right."
"You asked what was on some sheet music."
It was almost a relief to head down to Scotland Yard that Friday for their talk with Michael Ogbeide.  John had been unable to have any sort of real conversation with Sherlock after overhearing him talk to Phillip.  He’d said a few things, but only a sentence or two at a time.  Fortunately, Sherlock was in one of his silent moods, and would only nod or shake his head to any conversation.  Perhaps that was due to the three additional bags of “rubbish” he’d felt the need to get rid of.  (John knew better than to ask what was in them, and he resisted the urge to look inside them before they were collected.)  Even now, they both looked out opposing windows and tried not to acknowledge the other person in the cab with them.  When they walked into the Yard, John trailed behind him all the way to the interview room, not wanting to get too close.
"Go away."  Even through the door his voice was thick.
Sherlock shrugged.  "No idea."
"I told him to get some sleep and if he couldn't fall asleep on his own I'd give him some sedative.  He had a rough time. K said he -" John managed to cut himself off before he revealed too much.
"A family did, but it was held up and by that time they'd gone through a horrible separation and the agency wouldn't approve it.  She was six then and after that she just got lost in the shuffle."  It sounded like an explanation that Mr. Aherne had used countless times.
"Yes."
Once he'd showered and dressed, he headed into the kitchen, intending to make a large breakfast.  If Sherlock was going to be his usual self with Lou and Susan, he'd need all the energy he could get.  He put on coffee and made eggs, bacon, and toast.  Sherlock wandered in once the coffee was done.
“Yeah,” Phillip replied, and he told the story of K breaking his arm and telling him he was only one of a hundred.  “When I got there the doctor who saw me asked how I’d broken it.  I said I’d been fighting with a friend, wrestling.  She said something and I realized she didn’t believe me and I wanted to run before she rang the police, but my arm needed to be fixed.  The doctor took some x-rays and gave me a shot of something.  After a bit she took the form I had to fill out and asked me if it was true that I was sexually active.  I said it was.  She asked me who it was and I said I didn’t know.  I thought that if she found out about Her I’d get put in jail.  Once they put a cast on my arm the doctor said I could go but right after that she asked me, ‘Did he hurt anyone else besides you?’  I wasn’t really paying attention and I said that I was just one in a hundred.  I realized what I’d said but since the doctor said “he” I figured she wouldn’t be able to find out anything else.”
"Can we play something again?"  Phillip clearly wanted to change the subject.
"How long have you lived in London?"
"To where the flat is?" John asked.
"Is he all right?" Mr. Rodgers asked anxiously.
"And she was in foster care before that?"
John didn't know how much time passed before the door opened and Sherlock and Phillip came back out. Sherlock had a hand on the boy's shoulder. "You'll talk to me again?" Phillip said.
He looked at the defense solicitors.  "Is the defense ready to begin?"
"Did you know?"
He should check his email; Phillip always emailed him over the weekend. Sherlock knew that he would write every day if he wanted to, but was too afraid of being seen as desperate for attention. Perhaps he was, but he'd had only one relationship remotely resembling a friendship, and even that had had strings attached.
"Yes.  You're probably wondering if there's still major problems.  Sometimes.  Not as often as before.  But I can always help the others."
"She went to work every day this week. So that's good."
"She had the break in her lung. It got all clogged up. Me dad cried then too, and that was the last time I'd seen him cry before."
"Do you mean sex, or relationships?"  He wasn't sure he wanted to start going down this road.
“Do you mean that K shows up only on a few days but doesn’t visit on every one of those days?”  He didn’t seem bothered by her hand on his.
"A bunch."
"I'll come. I want to ask the father a few questions myself. He doesn't know the perpetrator – he may have met them once or twice, but he isn't familiar with them – but he could have some important information." His voice was flat again, and John was reminded of last night and Sherlock's oddly restrained anger.
"Nothing.  He was sleeping."
"Monday morning."
She shook her head.  "No."
While Mr. Aherne wiped his eyes, Lou said: "No further questions," and he walked back to the prosecution bench.
As soon as Sherlock was out of sight and Lou was up at the stand he said the most shocking thing John had heard yet.  "The prosecution calls Victor Trevor."
"Well, she started seeing a therapist.  He's been very helpful.  She seems less anxious and isn't panicking once I'm out of her sight.  There's still nightmares and crying jags, though.  And she's started bringing up what that woman did to her on her own."  Anger crept into his voice.
"Do the Yarders have any leads?" He moved away from the collection of cow parts and stood behind John's chair.
"Yes.  He's got a broken arm, a black eye, and fingerprint size bruises all over his thighs.  When you ask him how all this happened he refuses to tell you who's responsible and he seems afraid of talking to you.  He says that he is sexually active but somehow doesn't know anything about the person he's active with.  How many other explanations could there be?"
"How do you know that?"
When Dr. Dodson finished talking it was time to leave, and while most of them headed for the door, Eli and John held back.  John had wanted to talk more with him and was somewhat surprised that he'd known to stay back.  "Rodney never says much," Eli said once the room was empty of all but two of them.  "Dr. Dodson usually gives a little psych lesson on the days he talks."
"I said I was investigated," he said helplessly in response.  "How much more do you want me to say?"
She uncurled her fingers and showed them a flash drive.  "A.G.R.A." had been written on it with black felt-tip marker.  "My father recently died.  He told me before he died that what was on this was very important and I needed to keep it at all costs."  She paused.  "But it's empty.  Or at least it appears to be empty."
“By K?” Sherlock said.  She nodded in response.
"No.  She moved and made some noise.  I was sticky afterward.  Then She let me sit on Her lap and said that that made us married.  I asked Her if She'd always love me and She said She would."
"What did he look like?"
"Look after Phillip," Sherlock said.
Victor Trevor testifies.
"You do know that this person is guilty of another crime besides breaking your arm." He sounded gentle and warm.
When Sherlock woke again he could see some light. He ached, not physically but mentally. What he wanted was something to kill the pain, but if he still had any cocaine in his system it'd be a bad idea; he'd learned long ago cocaine and heroin did not mix. He still had too much in him to go back home and he didn't want to disappoint John by returning high in any form.
Since it's been a few days, Mr. Aherne can recount the events of that evening with some objectivity. He really didn't think of some sort of injury until he was almost at the hospital because he simply can't fathom someone seeing his nine year old daughter in a sexual way. Moira's been physically hurt on a few previous occasions, but not to the severity she was then. Some of her panic in the hospital is a fear that K's going to be there and hurt her again (most of the victims who were taken to the hospital for one reason or another feared this, which I tried to show in the story) and some is terror that K will assume she's told and murder her father.  K of course isn't going to murder him, despite her threats, because she knows perfectly well the threat is enough.  If she really needed to she'd have killed Rory, but this was never needed. Incidentally, this convinced most of the staff that her father hadn't done it for reasons Sherlock elaborates on - she wants him there for security and knows he won't hurt her.
Of course, it didn't work.
Sherlock returns.
Once Sherlock disconnected, John went back to the site.  He started to read it out loud, not seeing anything wrong at first.  "A person commits rape of a child under thirteen if he intentionally penetrates the vagina, anus or mouth of another person with his penis, and the person is under thirteen."  He paused.  "Oh."
"So I was told."  Mr. Rodgers looked down at the photograph.  "In all these years, I've kept telling myself, 'At least he's happy.'  Not seeing him was hard enough.  I refused to think he was anything else but happy."
"Do you know where this flat is?"
"Tax break arrangement day," the woman said before he could finish.  So the woman was getting married.  At least one previous abusive relationship, most likely also one that fell apart over differences, probably about having children.  Thinks that if she talks about it in non-emotional terms it will be easier to deal with when it fails, although she isn't consciously aware of that.  The man she's engaged to would be more than happy to give her a large wedding but respects her wishes.  "I think you've given enough helpful suggestions about it."
"Probably, yes.  You obviously don't know all that's happened in the last couple of months.  In her case her father called us to say she had identified K as the perpetrator from the evening news.  Also, her mother's agreed to help us."
Late, no excuse, sorry.
"I want you to eat something before we go down to the Yard."  While under ordinary circumstances, John knew Sherlock would have scorned such specific direction, but the encounter with K had taken all the energy out of him.  In fact, he seemed strangely relieved that someone was taking up those roles.  "I'm going to make breakfast," he added as he left the room.  Once he was in the kitchen he busied himself with making bacon and eggs.  He usually didn't eat such a elaborate breakfast, but it seemed more energizing than cereal or toast.
Originally John was going to refuse, and Sherlock was going to just sneak overe there. However, I felt that would just make the Yard tell him to stay away and thus backfire, so I had John relent.
He shook his head.  "I didn't.  I remember some man talking to me, and I think he asked if I was all right.  I understood enough of what he said to try to answer but I just slurred something like before.  He got out his mobile then.  I think he called 999 because an ambulance came and took me to the hospital."
“That’s good, because I got no sleep last night.”
"Everything," she said with a laugh.  "I live on the property and every tenant has my number in case they want to ring me.  I check on leaks and paint any flat once someone moves and give orders to anyone who comes in to clean or fix something.  I made sure every flat in the building had a washer and dryer in the flat itself."  While Mrs. Murray sounded like she would have been happy to go on about her day-to-day routine, Susan looked at her pointedly, and she went silent.
He almost couldn't blame him for fleeing. "I think it might be best if I don't head into work today."
"What happened there?"
"How old were you when you met this person?"
in them."
Sherlock looked up then, giving him a half-smile. "I hope that makes up for whatever bothered you there."
"I'm going to ring his father," he said to John.  "See if they can arrange an emergency hearing for Monday."
"Most.  Sometimes She would take pictures of whatever we did."
"And if I said they were red what would that be?"
"And did you tell him who you had said all those things about?"
The door wasn't locked. Sherlock stepped into a small room with a mahogany desk that held a computer, one office chair, one recliner with a bedside type table next to it, and several shelves of books. The book shelves took up almost every space on the wall. There was even a fat volume sitting on the computer desk. Sherlock turned to look at the one closest to the door. Unlike the others, it was crammed with three ring binders. Each one had a white sticker on the binding with writing on it. The first said "Aircraft Accident Reports, 1950-1959." Predictably, the second was "Aircraft Accident Reports, 1960-1969." As he looked down the shelf, he saw that 1970 to 1979 were three sets of binders, and after that there was one for each year. The last one was labeled "Aircraft Accident Reports, 2015." So at least it was the same year here as it was back home. While he didn't much care what an aircraft accident report was, he did want to see what was so important about them that this Martin wanted to keep them, and so he selected one at random and opened it. Inside was a computer print out, holes punched in the sides of the pages and reinforced on the sides. This Martin was clearly a cautious person. He skimmed through the first print out. It was something from the States describing a plane crash in minute detail. The subsequent ones in the binder were the same, although they came from all over the world.
I was going to mention this in the previous AN, but this is obviously an AU.  Specifically, it's an AU which diverges after HOUN and TRF never happened. Any characters depicted in TRF or Season 3 but not before are my own interpretations.
"You gave an abridged version of it that was nonetheless correct in its essentials.  If you are saying that you left out most of the details, that is correct.  While I did hear Her version of the story - " As soon as Sherlock said that Phillip gasped.  "Wait.  I would like to hear what happened from your perspective if it is not abbreviated."
“It sounds so scripted,” John said.  It reminded him of terrible porno films, if you ignored the fact it was acted by two ten year old boys.
to what she did to him. He has
"What did she say?"
"Reluctantly."
"Probably not.  I'll bring home something to eat, though."
When they arrived at the flat, Mr. Aherne answered the door.  He looked more cheerful than John had ever seen him.  John knew that was probably because K was finally behind bars and couldn't hurt his daughter any more.  In fact, a lot of the lines on his face that John had attributed to age had vanished.  "Right on time," he said.  "Come in.  Moira's playing with her brother in the living room.  Mr. Holmes, if you want to talk with them in private you can go to either of their rooms.  Mr. Lestrade, you said something about wanting to go through photographs with me?"
After she was sworn in, and Lou had come to stand next to the witness stand, Judge Foster turned to her and said, "You just have to answer the questions you're asked.  If you don't know the answer, say you don't know."  She nodded.
The crying from the audience had quieted some, but Moira's most recent statement made it start up all over again.  "She just wanted to touch you?" Lou asked, as if he didn't hear the crying at all.
John hadn't expected their conversation to take this direction.  "Yes," he finally said.  It was hard to ignore the stories in the papers and on the news.  Sherlock would leave the room when the television started on them and flipped past the articles, but John still took them in.
"Is it still a crime if you sort of enjoyed it?"  For once, Phillip wasn't staring at his hands or the floor.  In fact, he was looking John right in the eye.
The whole scene would have gone on for an uncomfortably long time if Sherlock's mobile hadn't rung shrilly a half hour later.  "What is it?" he said in an almost normal voice.  "Do you want us to leave now?  Good, I don't want you to ruin the whole thing before Moira's had a chance to pick someone out.  We'll be there as soon as we can."  He disconnected the phone, smiling broadly, like he had been brought back to life.  "That was Lestrade.  He wants us at the Yard as soon as possible so we can go over everything he's been able to find about K."  He threw the blanket off like a discarded cocoon and reached for his coat.  John was glad to see him acting in a more normal fashion, and was also relieved that he had spoken of K and not Her with the ominous capitals.
I'm sure almost all of you have been following the trial of Kelly Martin and know she was recently sentenced to five years in prison for crimes against children. Not the sort of thing that Sherlock would usually investigate, but he was horrified enough about what had happened to one of her victims that he jumped right in. I don't blame him. Horror's a natural reaction. I've done a lot of sexual things and can see how almost anything can be arousing, but one thing I can never see as a turn on is abuse of a child. Even the police are horrified.
"Then where do you go until you're coming down?"
"On June 23, three years ago, how long had you lived in London?"
"You're going to make me see someone, aren't you?" The terror in Sherlock's voice made him start to shake. "Because I won't. I'll run away, I'll live on the street, I'll stay away forever."
"Sleep well then," John said, not looking up.
"How long did you sit there?"
Harvey apparently had not expected Phillip to say something like that; she froze in mid-step.  "Really?" she finally said in a tone of disbelief.
"That is reasonable," Sherlock said in the same flat tone.
"All right then."  Every time they talked it seemed like it was between two people who knew each other only vaguely, from working at the same place or from living in the same building, and always made an effort to be polite to each other regardless of what it meant.
Dr. Dodson didn't seem to be bothered by his question. "With males I treat? I'd say almost eighty percent." John must have looked surprised, because he followed that with, "It's more common than you think. In this group it's half. Eli and Gloria both have a spouse in that category."
"He" here is Mr. Aherne.K hasn't out and out said that, but she has mentioned she has fostered and hinted she could look after Moira if "something happened" to her father.
In the next chapter John mentions this makes him feel uncomfortable even thinking about it, and writing it wasn't much better. I think if Moira had been in a better position here - not so broken up about a move and the anniversary of her mother's death - she'd have at least yelled, but all that made her frozen in shock.
I also liked writing about Moira's room.
"Hi," he replied.  Even at this distance John could see the contrast in his eye color; one dark, one pale.
“Ejaculated?” Lou said for him.
"When I went to sleep I was in a hotel in Germany and I woke up here and I'm suddenly taller and everything is different and I've never seen you before in my life." Well, if putting his foot in his mouth hadn't been bad enough, adding another one wouldn't make it any worse.
"Because you were hoping he'd say no.  That it wasn't a crime, at least not for Her, and that it was all your fault it happened."  From the way Sherlock said it it was obvious he'd had those notions himself.
"Friday, I think," John said.
The room had a closet door and it occured to Sherlock that he could probably find the man's work clothes.  He opened the door and found two uniforms hanging in there, one neat and one worn.  Stripes on the cuffs.  Oh, they were pilots.  That made him pause.  Sherlock knew about more things than most people gave him credit for (besides John), but that did not include flying an airplane.  The uniforms didn't have any logos he could recognize, so it had to be a smaller company, but even then he knew anything they wanted him to do would be beyond him.
"What do you mean by that?"
"I presume Dana Lester is an alias?"  One good thing about Sherlock's long deductions was that John had plenty of time to eat while he spoke.
"They were both university professors at the same school.  My father was a specialist in ancient history and my mother taught physics."
The detail about Austria and the leg calipers were only added so Phillip could mention the fact the boy had asked him to his house. While he hadn't written it, it was still clear he wanted to see if Sherlock thought it was a good idea for him to go. He'd have to write back to assure him it was a good idea. He'd only mentioned the other boy in passing before, thinking that at any point this Justin would tire of his company. Now it was clear he would not.
Just like the previous day, Judge Foster slammed down his gavel. "The time is now six in the evening and the court is dismissed for the day.  We shall begin session Monday at nine AM."
Harvey's face fell; it clearly wasn't the answer she'd been expecting.  "No further questions," she finally said.
"Possible," he admitted. Not wanting to dwell on the subject anymore, he switched topics to general St. Bart's gossip, which kept them talking until they went back to work.
"No," she said with a shake of her head.  "I kissed all the same places."
"I'm a pilot."  For once he didn't mention that he was the captain.
"I didn't say anything."
"Yeah."
John figured that if the defense was simply alternating, Harvey would cross-examine Jennifer.  On the other hand, Harvey had already been established to be hard-nosed, and from what he had seen she wasn't likely to turn that off.  His speculation ended when Clark walked up to the stand again.  He looked anxious, almost like he'd never questioned a child of that age.  John told himself that he probably hadn't.  "Hello, Jennifer," he said in a stiff tone.
"And you helped her at work," John said slowly.  He had suspected what that meant almost since K had said it, but Sherlock apparently hadn't known he had known that.  He sprang up from the couch with a look of horror on his face and if John hadn't stood up himself and grabbed his arm he would have probably bolted to his room.  "If you didn't, what would happen?" John asked in a neutral tone.  K might have told Sherlock otherwise, but he knew perfectly well that the only reason Sherlock would have done such a thing would be under duress.  "Because threats are just as much as force as holding a gun to your head," he continued.  Sherlock was as still as a deer in headlights, frozen in his attempt to flee.  "No matter what she told you, you're not going to be arrested for it.  You told Phillip the same thing, remember?"  He made his voice as soft as possible, as if he was trying to calm a frightened animal.
"Your mother and father?"
He sighed. "Thank you anyway for trying, Dr. Watson. I'll go in to see her now; it's almost supper and I want us to eat together." Mr. Aherne stepped into the room, the other two children following him, and the Yarders headed for the exit.
Even though John finished his food quickly, he didn't go back to the kitchen or up to his room.  The state Sherlock was in was bad enough that he didn't want to leave him alone for more than a few seconds.  At least he was eating, slowly.  John doubted he'd finish more than half the food, but it was something.  For lack of anything else to do, he turned on the BBC news and watched it for an hour as Sherlock picked his way through the food.  Not surprisingly, only about half of it was gone when he picked up his plate and carried it back to the kitchen.  That in itself was odd enough, but when he came right back into the room, sat back down, and stared blankly at the television screen it served to further remind John of the tension still present.
The trial must have been more draining than John had thought, because as soon as his head hit the pillow he fell asleep.  He likely would have slept until morning without waking if he hadn't been awoken by an elbow to the ribs.  At first he just thought that Sherlock was twisting around in his sleep, but as soon as he was fully aware of what was going on he was hit by a thrashing arm.
"Because they want the jury to think she didn't do anything," Kieran said with a snarl.
"Paranoia?" John echoed.
"Almost twenty-five years.  We started taking the courses right after Frank and I were married."
"You have managed this building for five years now?"
Sherlock brought both of his arms up and squeezed Hamish tightly.  "I wanted to go there because She always talked about Her work and I wanted to see the things there.  So one Saturday when She went in I went with Her.  She showed me some of the things She used to check blood and for bacteria and I liked that.  Then after a few visits when we were done with those things we went into one of the exam rooms.  There was -" He stopped abruptly, swallowed, and went on.  "A girl was already in there.  Lying on one of those tables with the paper on them.  She told me to say hi."
"Six weeks, wow. I wish it was more than two weeks at this point," said Tammie. "I didn't think going off the drink would be this bad. She snaps at anyone who comes near."
"Is there anything else?"
John felt decidedly disappointed.  “That is no help at all.”
"Do you find it amusing that a grown man is pleased with a gift like that?"  A typical Sherlock response.
Sherlock started talking again before Lestrade could open his mouth.  "Once they're done testifying other people will do so, but you don't need to be there for that.  It'll probably be a long time before the trial is over.  If She is found guilty then She will be sentenced and that's a different set of hearings."
"She thought if she just kept asking I'd marry her.  I think she just wanted the security of two incomes and not because she was in love.  Around Phillip's third birthday she figured out I was never going to accept.  I usually saw him twice a week and when I went to her flat at the usual time there was no one there."  His face was full of anguish.  "I got a court date and she showed up.  Said she wasn't interested in me seeing Phillip anymore.  That was the beginning of ten years of fighting."
Dr. Arthur was seated at the head of the table, even though he was the only person in the room.  He was dark-haired and immaculately dressed, like he had been cut and pasted from a magazine.  "Dr Watson?" he said as John and Sherlock went into the room.  "Dr. Arthur."  He extended his hand and John shook it (it felt like shaking hands with a pickled herring) but when he extended his hand to Sherlock all Sherlock did was glare at him.  Looking offended, he sat at the head of the table again.  "What is this investigation you're asking me about?" said Dr. Arthur, who was obviously trying to regain his composure.
John looked at his watch and realized it was far past the time he usually ate supper.  "I should make something to eat."
They'd talked on the phone since the trial, of course, for a long time every single night, but Phillip now only called every couple of days. Sometimes he was even not in distress.
"Yes, your Honor," Mr. Clark said.
"I did.  However he doesn't have as strong a connection to you as Moira.  I think he would only be reassured if I were there."  Sherlock looked briefly away from the screen.  "Your comment yesterday about Phillip's mother was very helpful."
John recalled something Sherlock had said when the case broke.  “I remember.  You thought it was a man, so you didn’t think of her even though she had left the area.”
John went out in the crush of people but stopped when he saw the same man from before sitting on a bench.  He waited until the crowd had filed off to the cafeteria or outside before taking a gamble and saying, "Mr. Rodgers?"
“And you think that program is on the flash drive.”  John couldn’t help but smile from the rush of the case.
"And your mother died?" (John wondered how he'd managed to figure that out, and resolved to ask him later.)
Harvey strode up to the stand, looking grim.  "Hello," she said curtly to Mr. Ogbeide, not even bothering to address him by name.
"It may be easier on all the involved parties if she is merely taken into custody by the government.  No trial involved."  He continued to look at John even as Sherlock shot daggers out his eyes at him.
"And she's not joking?"  Sherlock sounded like he didn't know whether to believe him or not.
She swallowed again. "Because in the past ten years there have been almost thirty cases in the same area. Every time it's the same - the child says nothing happened. All of them were brought to the attention of the police by medical staff who documented their injuries. There's no pattern to the children other than them being all from the same area and persistent denial. However, the case that was called to our attention before this, a month or so ago, mentioned that he'd heard he was 'one of a hundred' and they were all in the same neighborhood. He clammed up right after that, but now the investigation is in place on the presumption that it's the same person in all the cases."
"I tried, I tried," was all Mr. Rodgers could say.
"What were they?"
"Are you all right?" Eli asked John. Eli always took the time to check in with each group member individually.
K was the neighbor Sherlock had "told horrible lies" about.  And he had known that, or at least suspected, and that was why he was so nervous.  Now that he thought about it, Sherlock had never once referred to K by gender.  While almost everyone got into the habit of calling K by her first initial, when gendered pronouns were used everyone but Sherlock called K male.  Even some little details made sense, like why Moira had refused to talk to Donovan or why Phillip was so convinced that he'd be arrested. John shamefully realized that if K had come in and claimed to have been assaulted by him, and Phillip had agreed, he would have taken it at face value and called the police on him.
"I am."
"I think the occasion deserves a stiff drink myself."
"Did he tell you anything else?"  What John wanted to hear was that all four of them said that nothing had happened and K had been good to them.  He also knew that was unlikely.
"Do you recognize the girl in the photograph?"
“Who brought it?”  John wondered if they’d need to track down that person.
"I go home and mum yells at me and tells me to go away and the other kids at school tease me and if I know that She's not going to be by and take me to the flat I'll be all alone."  John wished he could somehow comfort the boy.  It didn't seem right to him that one child had to live with all that sadness. It said a lot about his life that his
"I know," said Sherlock.
Before he could hear the rest, Sherlock spoke again.  “Take me home,” he whispered.  He looked like he was about to fall over.
Sherlock knew that trying to talk him into thinking otherwise wasn't possible. "I don't hate you."
"Can you show me what you mean?"
"As far as we can tell."
Lestrade looked at him.  "If I had known..."  He trailed off and looked away again.  The discomfort in the room was so apparent that John hoped Sherlock's conversation with Phillip would be over soon.
"No."  He opened his eyes but they did not focus.  Instead they stared blindly into the distance.
"Rodney said something before about a bad week?" Eli said.
"No, I wasn't planning on ever playing the saxophone.  It seemed complicated," he admitted.  "Why did you pick the flute?"
They slowly hobbled towards the station at about half the speed they had taken to get there.  Since it was still midday very few people were waiting on the platform.  John didn't care who saw him but Sherlock carried the look of the utterly humiliated.  Their timing was right, however, and in five minutes the train back to London showed up.  John sat them both down in the farthest edge of the carriage and let Sherlock have the window seat.  He didn't seem to be looking at anything, though, and just stared sightlessly into the distance.
"Jennifer's father, the one who wants to speak to us, Michael Ogbeide.  He's also an immigrant.  The records said he came here from Sierra Leone as a teenager," he said with satisfaction.
Sherlock's eyes widened and he visibly shuddered.  "We went to Her bedroom and She told me to take off my clothes, and I did because She always asked that.  Then She told me to lie down on the bed, and She took off Her clothes and got on top of me."
"That's sad. I'm sorry." He heard a cry of surprise. "Don't you like hugs?"
"But it would be brilliant!  Extra-brilliant!"
"What She might do to me if I said anything."
To John's surprise, the child patient he was going to see was in a private room. Just as he, Donovan, and Lestrade arrived at the door a man walked out of the room. He was tall, with thinning reddish-brown hair, glasses, and an expression of despair. "You're back here," he said to the officers flatly. He had a strong Irish accent. The man then fixed his eyes on John and his green eyes widened. "Who's that with you?"
Mr. Ogbeide blinked in surprise, but retold the story he'd already given, with only a few minor differences in word choice.  "Once she had been examined by some doctors and discharged, she got taken into care."
"We're out of time for today," Dr. Dodson said. Everyone got up to leave, but before John could go out the door the doctor gestured for him to come back. John walked back over to stand before him. "It sounds like your friend needs individual therapy, but it also sounds like he'd resist it."
Graham nodded, like he wasn't surprised.  "Is there a place she can wait?"
"A custody hearing," Sherlock told him.  "Nothing you've done will come up.  They will just ask you where you want to live."
He shrugged, not wanting to admit anything personal to the boy. "And?"
"I will speak with you tomorrow."  Even though he hadn't elaborated, John suspected he knew what he wanted to discuss.  He put the phone in his pocket, poured himself some tea, and went back into the sitting room like nothing was amiss.
"When I saw the headlines about her a few months ago.  I told my parents that she was the one who had done it, and we rang the police in London."
As soon as he got in the door, he heard Sherlock say:  "How did your group go?"  He was still on the sofa, with Hamish, and in his pajamas, but he looked as good as he possibly could.
"Yeah." Her voice was the whisper that his had been before.
"Some of the social service workers did, since they weren't sure who was responsible."
Sherlock shook his head.  "No one who's going to testify in the trial's allowed to watch what's going on in court until after they testify.  Otherwise they might be influenced by the others."
Victor looked down for a minute.  "Horribly, but not in the way I expected.  She started raving about how horrible of a son she had and how he was a liar and he was just trying to force his brother to come home.  She said it was the last straw and slammed the door in my face.  I went home and was sick for real.  You see, from the look on her face I think she had suspected that all along.  She just didn't care."
"Were you telling horrible lies?" John was surprised by the question; he hadn't even thought to ask something so basic.
"You didn't eat it?"
"They arrested Her for doing things," he mumbled, and looked away.  Like with Sherlock, John could hear the capital letter in the word “her”.
"I was reading this book where there's these people that have figured out how to go from one universe to another. The main character said that all molecules go both ways and that universes split then."
"I almost didn't.  I was going to say that I didn't know anyone there.  But at the last minute I pointed to Her."  His voice was still thick with tears.
Martin looked at him for a second before dissolving into laughter. That explained why he'd been called "Sherlock" before. That wasn't his name, just an apparently running joke about being unfortunately named the same thing as a fictional character.
"Any luck with that so far?" John asked.  Lestrade seemed to be doing his best to pretend Sherlock wasn't there, so John decided to be direct.
"Well, I tried to tell him it was a woman who did all that, but he just kept saying 'He' about the person.  I thought it was just because my English was bad, but now I'm not sure."  John held back a snort; that sounded like Dr. Arthur all right.
Suddenly, Judge Foster banged his gavel down, causing the entire court to startle.  "The court will now adjourn for today," he said.  John felt baffled, and from the looks on the faces of the buffalo and media no one else understood it either.  "Tomorrow's hearing will be closed to the media and public.  Statements will be made to the press only after the session."
"And you're a doctor?"
"Do you think he was telling the truth?" John asked.
"They most certainly do."
Sherlock didn’t seem daunted by this.  He started to examine the tape itself again.  “Alwion is what Ptolemy called the British Isles.”
The conversation had to be over, since Sherlock could now hear the man coming down the hallway.  When the footsteps stopped he heard the man say "You're awake already."
An idea came to mind from a book Verity had loaned him. She adored science fiction of all kinds and seemed pleased that Martin was open to reading them more than either of her parents. "Maybe we've swapped dimensions?"
They didn't talk much while waiting for the food.  Martin went back to the bedroom, grabbed one of the Air Disaster books, and buried his nose in it until he could smell the food.  John didn't ask him what he wanted; all he did was put a plate on the table in front of him.  He picked up the fork and ate everything despite not being that hungry.  He remembered Douglas' early campaign to fatten him up some, and figured the least he could do for this body was help it along some.
This was easier said than done.  Since John knew no German, he was tasked with the arduous job of typing in the numbers one by one.  His hunt and peck typing only made it last longer.  Finally, after forty-five minutes of work, the program gave them a text message.  “CROOKED OFF ALWION ON CALL JAN GONE.”
"Yes!" Apparently he had explained it well enough. "If he's there, and I'm here, and we're both in the same there, we can at least swap. But if we're in different theres, there's no way to go there from here."
He lifted up his head after hearing Lestrade's voice. "Why?" was all he could manage. "I've tried so much to be a good father, especially after Nora died. I moved to London because I could still be with my children most of the time when I worked. I just want them to be safe and happy. What did I do wrong?"
"I was actually coming to take a statement from the father. It hasn't been done yet and for the last few days we've been more concerned with questioning Moira than Mr. Aherne." Lestrade's voice was tight.
"How did you kiss her?"
"Most likely.  They've both been through the same thing and have similar feelings."
He wasn't sure if that sounded like reassurance or a gigantic waffle, but Sherlock seemed to think it was a good answer.  "I see," he said as he nodded.  Them his arm went back over his eyes and the subject was dropped.
"I'll explain it to you later." He shuffled away and Sherlock returned his gaze to the front of the plane.
"What hat?" Sherlock had a feeling that they were speaking at cross-purposes.
"And what could you see that was wrong with him?"
"Did she disguise her appearance?"
"Do you think it's unusual that this man suddenly was able to make her talk about her ordeal?"
"Knew about her?  Did he mention her to you when he questioned you?" Clark seemed delighted with this bit of information.
"When did your wife die?"
"We've requested them, but they haven't come yet."  Lestrade began to shuffle through the file again.
Sherlock had been doing his best to avoid John for the past few days.  It seemed like any time John was at home he'd either be shut up in his room or just about to dash out of the door.  It made him hard to live with, but John knew there was no way they were about to be going back to whatever they had had before this case.
Sherlock takes the case by himself.
"Did she specifically say that?"
"Yes.  Literally only a few days before he died."  She looked down at the flash drive and went on.  “I took it and tried to open it on my home computer.  It came up as being blank.  ‘This folder is empty.’ That’s it.  Since he said it was so important, I tried to get it to show hidden files, but I got a message: ‘This action cannot be performed.’  I thought of taking it to a computer shop to format it, but if it really contains something important I don’t want them to see it.  I just asked them if there were any files on it they could access when I did.  They couldn't.”
In a few minutes both of them were standing in front of what seemed to be a perfectly ordinary building.  John couldn't see anything that made it somehow stand out from the ones around it, but he did notice that in the visible ground floor flat all the windows were covered by curtains.  Sherlock headed towards the front step without saying anything, and tilted his head so he could better examine one of the windows.
"You must really love dogs!"
He picked another story at random (there were sixty, unbelievably enough).  Three others were long like the first one, but the rest were short story length.  He began a game where he read the story and tried to see if he could figure out the solution by the time he was halfway through.  Sherlock usually succeeded, but he did take longer than the time John had given him Agatha Christie novels in the hopes he would be amused by them.  (He got to the murder in
"And you want us to find what's on it."
“The Rodgers boy called him?” Lestrade asked in disbelief.  John nodded.  “Has he done this before?”
"No."  He hadn't always had the best relationship with his parents (he and his mother had once gotten into a screaming fight over a lamp in his room and the next day had both admitted that it was a silly row), but he'd known that they cared.  When his mother had a heart attack shortly after he was first deployed, he'd dropped everything to race home.  John knew he was lucky to have sat with her for her last few hours; lots of other people weren't that fortunate.  He'd cried off and on for days when his father died of cancer shortly before he'd left for university.  The few times he'd met with Harry since he'd come back from Afghanistan they'd both been able to fondly reminisce about their childhood.  True, it had always ended with a shouting match, but he was sure that she had felt loved as well.
"Looking around.  Or does Daddy not want me to do that?" he spat out.
"Because you're not too sure about it yourself," Mari said.
"Do you still have it?"
"Was that all she did?"
He slumped in his chair again, losing the little height he had gained last time.  "I can't talk to people like normal people do.  I know you're supposed to go up to them and ask for their name and what they like and all those questions but I never could do that."
"You can worry about yourself, too," John reminded him.
"No. I sat there. I just went away. Far off. Like I sometimes did with Her."
"Kissing you."  Sherlock had opened his eyes, but the look on his face remained the same.
"Me dad's name is John."
"What was wrong with your mum?"
Sherlock and John question Moira.
"Not just that.  With her tongue out."
"What's wrong?"
"Then She wanks me off, except I didn't know it was that then.  And it did feel good.  Before that I'd dream about some boy and wake up feeling like something good was about to happen.  And I thought this was what was going to happen.  I knew it wasn't supposed to happen, but you know.  It felt really good.  Figured if I didn't say anything it might happen again.  After that I asked Her if we could do that again and She said of course, if I wanted to so much."  Her voice seemed close to breaking.
Sherlock actually smiled.  "The game is on."
"Yes, in the after-hours student learning sessions."  While Sherlock didn't laugh, he did smile.  "Take the aspirin."
This, of all things, was enough to make Sherlock uncurl himself and turn towards John.  He looked like he had just been struck.  "Why?" he whispered.
"Because he wants me to talk about my feelings and I can't do that either."
"What were you wearing?"
John knew very well he couldn't say that wasn't true; while the reasoning was certainly flawed, he also knew Phillip had no friends at school and his mother clearly didn't care about him.  "I like you," he finally said.
“Time for what?” he asked, not liking Sherlock’s wild-eyed appearance.
"Had anything happened before she came through your window?  With the two of you, I mean."
“Sherlock, you had to get drunk to even try to kiss me.”  It occurred to him.  “You’re high.”
"Did you have any complaints with her work there?"  Clark kept glancing towards the prosecution's table, like he was certain he'd be stopped at any minute.
Lestrade here is honestly relieved that he doesn't have to go through the trial of deciding whether to ask Sherlock to assist on the case. He knew it would help, but also was worried about how the children would feel about it. Moira's made his decision easy.
"What's he doing?" John asked. He'd met her husband's brother, Martin, a few times. He knew that Martin had been living with Graham and Gloria for a while, first coming off drugs and then looking for work and looking after their son, Angus. Martin and Graham were part of a set of triplets and were very close. Their older sister had also crawled out of the pit K had put them in, but their brother had not.
John wanted to eat lunch with Sherlock, but he knew that he would be sequestered until he was done testifying.  He wondered who was going to testify after Sherlock; he guessed it would either be Lestrade or Donovan.  Mycroft would be an ideal witness, but John also thought that Sherlock would never forgive him if he did testify.  Not wanting to leave the courthouse, he went down to the cafeteria and nibbled on a sandwich.  He managed to eat half of it before going back up to the courtroom.  The cry of "Court rise!" came within a minute and another usher led Sherlock back in.
And of course if he hadn't been so firmly brushed off the one time he had made an advance, he would have wondered if Sherlock was attracted to him. In an unguarded moment, Molly had once said that he looked at John differently than he looked at other people. "Almost like he wants something he can't have," she had elaborated. This made no sense if Sherlock was merely uninterested in a sexual or romantic relationship, but if he really wanted something like that and the demons of his past were stopping him, it made a sickening sense. Sherlock had also commented Phillip loved his abuser. Did Sherlock still love whoever had done that to him? Like Phillip, he had no father growing up and his mother was distant at best.
"There were several things that didn't endear him to the others.  He was very intelligent, much more so than anyone else.  His marks were usually excellent although he clearly didn't pay attention in class.  He didn't try to talk to other students, except for nasty remarks.  He didn't follow any sports and said several times they were pointless.  And he had a way of knowing things about people from observing them.  There were times when he did it to deflect others, but other times he seemed to be just saying what he saw and was true."
"Good morning, Phillip," Harvey cheerily began.
, John suddenly realized.
Knowing that he shouldn't delay the conversation further, he headed towards the room as soon as he realized what Sherlock meant.  "Can I come in?" John said to the door.
"He'll come back," Martin reassured him.  "He's just a bit broken up about all this."  He paused and added: "I think what I said to him earlier was hard."
"No.  I try to explain it but he just looks at me and keeps repeating the same things."  John swallowed down the new lump in his throat.  He hoped he wouldn't start crying.  While he was sure Ella had probably dealt with crying patients before, it still seemed worse than even the time he'd cried in front of Sherlock.
"Please don't shut me out," he said, thinking out loud.
"Did you say anything to her about that?"
"I was four years old."
Even if Sherlock had been willing to talk, John wouldn't have been able to carry on his end of a conversation after hearing something like that.  They spent the day in companionable silence, John watching crap telly and Sherlock alternating between pacing, playing the violin, and sitting on the sofa with Hamish the bee.  Occasionally he would look at John like he was trying to tell him something, but he never said anything.
"He's really a sweet kid," John said, and meant it.  "Even with all that's going on."
"Yes I have," Mrs. Henderson said.  She still sounded proud.
"Very smart of you," John said with approval. Clearly this Mrs. Murray didn't miss much.  Sherlock took the folder from her hands and was beginning to look inside it when John's mobile rang.  He brought it out of his pocket and put it to his ear.  "Hello?" he asked.
"The one who took me to the room.  Her."
"Yes."
"I guess," said Phillip, who didn't seem to see the question as any different than others.
"She requested a solicitor.  That's it.  She seems quite well off.  I hope this really is this K, because if she isn't this will get very bad very quickly."  Lestrade sounded doubtful.
"He brought you your bear? And the books and the picture?"
"That's enough for some people."
"To a degree, yeah, but that doesn't mean I can't go without it. The army's basically one long enforced period of abstinence."
John couldn't help but notice Sherlock had said something so indirect as "on trial for child abuse" rather than the more horrible truth "on trial for repeatedly raping children."  A way of distancing himself from the truth, he supposed.  "Do you need money for a cab?" John asked, thinking they might need the offer.
"You never listened," Sherlock said.  He was now sitting on the sofa again, one arm curled around his bee.  From the way he spoke it was clear that he'd known how Mycroft felt for a long time.
"So nothing is medically different?"
"Arthur!" The woman barked out his name. "Come back here now and don't bother the man."
"And she took Jennifer for a period of time?"
"Did they ever tell you why you were staying with them?"
Even though John knew about Sherlock’s personal connection to the crime, he was still surprised by the undercurrent of rage in his voice as he said “Yes.  We’re going to find them and make them pay.”
"Possibly," Sherlock gently reassured him. "Do you think you will be arrested for something?"
"I sat in the back of the room.  She trusted me at this point and I felt my presence might help."
"I got thirsty and I went into a shop to get a drink.  When I got to the register I realized I didn't have enough for it.  I was going to put it back, but then a woman said, 'That's all right, I'll pay for his too,' and gave the man the extra money."
John took a look at it himself.  Victim One was Phillip Rodgers, Victim Two was Moira Aherne, Victim Three was Sherlock... He did a double take for Victim Four.  "Wait.  Is Jennifer Ogbeide-Bena going to testify at all?  She's so young."
"No," John responded. "I talked to her a bit about other things but when I got around to asking she said no one hurt her. From the look on her face it was fairly apparent that she knew perfectly well who it was, and wasn't going to say anything."
"I had Brownie with me when I woke up. He asked me if I wanted anything at home and I wanted some books and the picture so he brought them here." She had moved closer to the edge of the bed, closer to where he was sitting.
"What's the last name?" said the woman on the other end.
Sherlock asks John some tough questions.
Lestrade gaped. "She asked you to come back?"
"How long did you live with Jane and Frank?"
"But you're not living in a house or a flat," Susan clarified.
“I got the watermelon!”  The man’s face was broken by a grin, flushed from the way he barreled out into the garden.  “Let’s try!”  He led them both over to the climbing frame, the dog trailing at their feet.  He held a slice of the watermelon on the other side of one of the lowest bars.  The dog dove at the watermelon, and in the process jumped over the lowest bar.  “What a good girl!”
"How much of what you found is in that file?" Sherlock asked, his voice indicating he thought they were spending too much time on trivial things.
"Fine," Sherlock tightly replied.  He still looked half-blank.
"Do you have any brothers and sisters?"
“You have me right here and I’ll be here whenever you need me.”
“Is John going to be here too?” she said.  She fixed her eyes on him as if she’d just noticed he was in the room.
“Yeah.  That made Her really angry.  She said if I got Her pregnant She’d call the police and tell them what we’d been doing and they’d arrest me and take me to jail.  She hit me and told me to lick Her between Her legs like I usually did  except there was more stuff there.  It tasted awful, worse than before, and as soon as I was done I threw up on the carpet.”  John shivered when Phillip said that, remembering the nightmare of the previous night.  Had Sherlock remembered something that terrible?  “She just laughed and said it served me right.  I hoped it wouldn’t happen again but She liked it and made me do it as much as I could.  She’d get angry with me more, and said I was useless and a terrible fuck and She didn’t know why She bothered with me.  I’d beg Her to let me stay, tell Her I’d do better, but She kept yelling every time.  She’d bring other kids there more of the time and this time She wouldn’t give them a drink and they’d be awake.  Sometimes they were crying.”  His voice was heavy with shame.  John didn’t need to glance around to tell most of the people in the courtroom were crying as well.
"What are you talking about?"  John decided to play dumb.
"Lou and Susan?" John said automatically.
He got out. They were at a small house with a garden fenced in the back. The house looked lived in. He'd gotten the house in the divorce of his most recent wife, then, probably as a result of her adultery. "Do I go inside?"
"She liked to touch me."  Moira brought Brownie up so he half covered her face.  "Sometimes She just wanted to kiss me.  On the lips, with Her tongue.  Other times She wanted to touch me between my legs.  Sometimes She..." She brought Brownie down and hung her head.  "She'd stick fingers in me.  In my bum or in my, um, vagina.  Or lick me there."
"Statistics are all well and good, but did you have any evidence that the father was responsible besides the statistics?"  Sherlock's gaze burned into Dr. Arthur.
"No."
He walked back from the garden into the house. The hallway was plain and unadorned, with the exception of a doormat that said "Pilots: looking down on the world since 1903." There were a few hooks on the wall, and he hung up his coat on one of them. Once that was done, he stepped into the sitting room and took a look around. One big screen TV and DVD player, one sofa, one fireplace. The sofa was scuffed up, probably from the times the big man's children had come here. There were photos on the mantle above the fireplace, and as Sherlock stepped forward to look at them Douglas appeared in the room.
“But we all thought that,” Dominic said quietly.  “She told each one of us that we had to do it and when we talked it was when we realized it was because of Her and not because we were so bad.  It would have been bad with Christine, but when it’s one of the brothers that looks like you and acts like you it’s so much worse.”
"You can sit on my bed," she said in response, and John could hear the sound of them shuffling around.
"No further questions," Harvey said.  John couldn't tell whether she was satisfied or not.  Sherlock slumped down in the stand as Harvey went back to the defense table.  He didn't move until the usher grabbed his arm, and then he sort of wobbled out as Lou made his way up to the stand.
"Only that room.  It was really bare; the bed and a chest of drawers were all that was in it.  The walls were white, and there was a window but the shades were pulled down."
"She was in there five times," Peter responded. "Once for about two weeks."
"How do you like London so far?"
"I know that."
"I'm seeing if a tooth can dissolve in Coke overnight."
"I'm not leaving," John said.  He took a guess as to what Sherlock meant and added, "Are you going to slash up your bed sheets again?"
“No,” Sherlock truthfully replied.  “We took his dog around your garden.”
"Well, you certainly didn't come here for a friendly chat."
"Do you usually directly confront people you suspect of a crime?"
"It was just a comment."
John kept himself seated as the hordes of people filed out of the room, not wanting to get caught in the crush of the crowd.  When almost everyone had left he stood to leave.  Before he could walk out Lou filed past him.  "Not as hard as I thought it would be," he said, motioning for John to follow him.  "I tried to bring out Mr. Aherne's caring nature as much as I could; it'd be a lot harder to savage him on the stand that way."  John fell into step with them and they went out into the main corridor.
"But you called to report child abuse."
"Sherlock wants a trial."  Suddenly something clicked in John's brain.  "Wait.  You feel guilty, don't you?  You thought the same as everyone else, that the person Sherlock was 'telling horrible lies' about was a man!  You knew that he was close to that neighbor but never considered it could be her!"
"All right."  He sighed.  "Back when we were living with Her we didn't get to talk to our dad.  They said he could ring us but She said that he never did.  Well, once I felt bad because of something me and Dominic had done that day," he said, making a face that indicated just what that had been, "and I waited until everyone else was in bed and I took the phone and rang Dad.  I don't know why.  Just wanted to hear his voice, I guess.  Well, he picked up and all I said was 'Dad,' and he goes 'Martin!  I thought you didn't want to talk to me,' and that really set me off and I started crying and I said I wanted to go home.  Because he did drink too much after Mum died, but he did love us a lot.  He kept asking me what was wrong and I couldn't say anything.  Then the phone goes dead and She's standing in front of me with Her hand on the switch.  She told me to go to bed and I did.  A week later we found out Dad had killed himself."
"Our job," John said without thinking.
"Do you know why?"
"Why not?" This was beyond an angry tone. It was undiluted fury.
The man's smile almost broke his face in two.  "So you want to make a dog obstacle course?"
"No.  He thinks he should have done it."  Any further conversation was ended when Dominic showed back up with takeaway boxes.  All three ate in silence, and once that was done Martin fed Angus.  By the time court was in session again, Martin and John went back to the chatter of before, not mentioning his confession at all.
"It's something you need."
"Wait. What are we going to do with him?" The large man pointed at Sherlock with a look of distaste.
Clearly he couldn't have undergone such drastic bodily changes overnight, nor could he have gotten to Germany in that period of time unless there was an airplane involved.  The only explanation for this had to be that he had swapped bodies with the ginger man.  Or more precisely they had swapped consciousnesses.  True, such a thing only existed in theory, but he couldn't have gotten into someone else's hotel room in Germany while also being drastically physically modified in any theory at all.  His first instinct was to ring John, but looked at the one clock in the room and saw it was five-thirty here.  He'd still be asleep, then, and the ginger man (if he was truly in Sherlock's body) wouldn't wake up for several hours; there had been a run of cases until very recently.
He couldn't think of a single thing he would want to watch.  "No, but thanks."  Maybe he should just go to bed early.  For all he knew they'd switch back when they slept again and it'd just be another story Arthur would love to repeat but no one would ever believe was true.
"Are they still homeless?" John asked.
"No.  I began to avoid his company and started spending more nights at Her house.  I had done that for years, but at that point I did it so much I rarely spent time at home.  One day, when I was coming home from Her house my mother was waiting for me at the door.  Victor had spoke to her the previous evening.  She was mad at me for 'telling horrible lies' about someone who cared about me so much."
"Why?" John was bewildered.  It certainly hadn't been the reply he was expecting.
"Not really."  His frankness caused the audience to laugh.
"Yes, that is their job," Sherlock responded.
Sherlock took several steps backward, like John's comment had burned him.  "But I'm not normal!" he cried out.  That statement, of all things, made John realize that he was drunk, and had deliberately gotten himself drunk.  No other circumstance would make something like that come out.  "I'm never going to enjoy it!  Isn't it enough that I let you?  I figured that with enough wine in me it wouldn't be so bad, but it's not!  It would be worth it if it kept you here!  I know you want sex, need sex, because you're not a freak like me.  I can give that to you, I can kiss you, I can even just lie there and let you do whatever you want to me in bed, but you can't expect me to enjoy it and you can't expect me to want it, because I never will!"
“He said he was DI Lestrade and that he wanted to ask me about my arm getting broken.  I didn’t tell him.  I didn’t say anything.  Then a few minutes later two other men came in and he told them who I was.  One of them, his name’s Sherlock Holmes, mentioned which arm I’d broken, when I hadn’t told him, and he said I played one of the woodwinds.  Which I do, the flute.  The DI left with some other men and I was alone in the room with him.  He put a tape recorder out and we started talking.”
"She told him she didn't know as well?"
The "eat a lot at parties" thing is an obscure reference that I still hope someone gets.
"It was just after my fourth birthday.  My mum hadn't even got a cake for me, and I was upset about that.  She said I needed a checkup and she took me there.  I remember thinking how big it was, that I hadn't seen something like that before.  When the doctor came out to see me She told my mum that she didn't need to stick around and if she came back in half an hour it'd be fine.  She took me into the exam room and took off that white coat that doctors wear and hung it up.  I could see then Her blouse was kind of open, and you could see Her, uh, breasts.  Just part of them.  I wanted to tell Her about it since She didn't seem to notice, but I didn't want her to know I'd been looking.  She told me to take my clothes off and get on the bench and I did.  Then it was mostly just normal stuff in a medical but at the end She put her hand down my pants and said to me that no one should ever touch me there but a parent or a doctor.  Then She just rubbed me for a few minutes."
"Why not?"
"Are you referring to the Yarders this time, or people in general?" John dared to ask.
"No I don't."
"Take it out," Kieran said.
"Does your psychiatrist know about that?"
"Did you go to her work again to see her?"
"Some basic information about them.  There are three boys, identical triplets, and one girl.  The boys are now eighteen and the girl is twenty.  Their mother died ten years ago and their father took to drinking.  He became violent when drunk.  Almost a year after their mother died, they were removed from their home after an incident with the girl; one of her teeth was knocked out.  After a year in care they found a cousin of the mother who took them in.  The father had committed suicide while they were in care.  She reported they frequently ran away from her home and all of them left the home as soon as they turned sixteen.  The boy who has a child has gone through drug rehab and has a job.  None of the others are currently employed; the girl lives in a hostel but the other two boys are apparently still on the streets."  Sherlock managed to maintain the detached tone he had before until the last two sentences.
"Lesson it is then.  I'll do something that we all discussed last session; emotional reasoning."  Dr. Dodson filled the next fifteen minutes with a discussion of the concept, how it related to perception of the world, and what to do about it.  John didn't pay much attention, since it was something he already knew the basics about.
Lou then walked over to the jury stand and let them see the photograph.  The widened eyes and gasps that resulted made it clear what was depicted in them.  He walked back over to the witness stand and repeated the process for the next three photographs.  Each time Mr. Aherne identified the person in them as his daughter and the place they were taken as her room.  By the time the final one was shown, Mr. Aherne and several of the members of the jury had tears coming down their cheeks.
"I think you know."
"Of course not.  She moves frequently because She is independently wealthy, as I said before."
"Well, her father's dead, right? So it's not an issue of explaining why they can't visit him anymore?" asked Eli.
He woke up at seven in the morning, vaguely aware of noise from outside.  Wondering what could possibly be going on, he threw on some clothes and headed downstairs.
Someone bellowed from downstairs. "You! Down here!" As much as Sherlock felt irritated by being ordered like a dog, he also knew this was where he'd have to live until he got his body back, and thus decided it was best to go downstairs.
"There's a room upstairs with your - I mean Martin's - name on it. Go there until I figure out what to do with you." From the tone of his voice, Sherlock knew better than to pick a fight. Instead he nodded and headed up the stairs.
He snorted. "Of course not. She would neither have noticed nor cared, and I knew that. And there was no one else to tell. I was still young enough that I didn't think of the possible explanations." Mycroft looked John briefly in the eye, then went back to staring out the window. "And I went back to school. For several years, until I left school for university, that was the pattern. I would come home on holidays and see my brother. Some of the time he would be gone for long periods of time; he said he was taking a walk. He would do well enough in school, but his teachers said he didn't really pay attention." John was suddenly reminded of Phillip Rodgers. He shivered. "He would show up with items that he claimed he had found. He talked to me, but whenever I tried to ask him about what was going on when I wasn't home, he would clam up."
"Sometimes we went to a flat with a big bed."
"His name is Rory. He's a bullmastiff and he's real big and strong." Moira's voice glowed with pride. "He likes me best. He sleeps in my room."
"What are you doing with all that?"  The man didn't seem as surprised as he could have been.
Martin gets a few more unpleasant surprises.
"Not all of them.  Besides you, Jason and Rodney don't have their person in therapy at all."
"I just think that she's been through so much, and she's shy.  I don't know if she's going to do well when the defense solicitors question her."  He sighed.  "At least when they question me I'll be ready for it."
"What did he say when you told him that?"
"Some," John said awkwardly. After that, he wasn't surprised to see Sherlock heading back to his room and slamming the door behind him. He sat down on the chair that had been punched earlier, lost in thought. Was Sherlock trying to tell him that he didn't get involved in romantic relationships because he couldn't tolerate physical intimacy? To a certain degree, he could express affection; he had hugged Mrs. Hudson when they first met. Of course, that could be because he knew that would always be nonsexual touch. The fit he'd thrown about Phillip Rodgers was even more unusual. John suspected that while he was indeed describing Phillip's mindset about his "crime," he was also talking about his own experience. The thought of convincing a four-year-old child that it was their fault someone was sexually abusing them was so disturbing John found himself wishing he could have a few minutes alone with this K. Even that thought was too horrible to hold for more than a minute or two, so he turned on the telly and watched a football game without knowing what either team was, anything that happened during it, or really anything other than the fact it served as effective mental static. He watched without seeing for hours, ate a quick supper, and spent most of the night staring at the ceiling of his bedroom, unable to sink into any form of useful rest.
"Ginger boy with a lot of freckles?  Brown eyes?  Not very tall and has a stutter?" Lestrade asked, obviously wanting him to be a stranger as well.
"Dr. Arthur saw her too, and he was the one who claimed it was her father that had been abusing her.  The other medical reports don't have his name on them."  He handed the folder back to Lestrade and scowled.  "I'd still like to speak to him."
“All of those relatives had really died.  They appeared to have really obtained the money from them.  But that couldn’t be proved.”
"Indeed.  His mobile is not registered in his mother's name.  It is registered to a Bruce Rodgers.  I also discovered that Phillip is registered at school as Phillip Benton, his mother's last name."
Waiting outside of the room were Mr. Aherne, his other two children, Lestrade, and Donovan. Both of the Yarders looked at him hopefully and their faces fell identically when he just shook his head. Mr. Aherne appeared to not have noticed this exchange and asked him anxiously: "Is my Moira all right? Did she tell you anything?"
"Do you have a medical condition that requires you to use a wheelchair?"  It seemed obvious what the answer was, but from the look on the boy's face John could tell he knew what was coming and that Susan was trying to ease into the subject.
Lestrade met them in front of the Yard, holding a sheaf of papers.  "This is a complete list of the children K has fostered," he said by way of explanation, before leading them into the building.  John couldn't help but notice that everyone, even the Yarders, seemed reluctant to call her anything but K.  "We've been ringing them in bits and pieces.  Unfortunately, none of the others have been willing to talk."
John was somewhat relieved that he was gone.  He knew that Lestrade would know better than to bring up the subject of the photographs with Sherlock, but he might try to bring it up with John.  The mere thought of it made John remember their brief, awkward conversation the night K had broken into the Aherne's flat.  On the other hand, that meant he was now alone with Sherlock again, and the thought of more awkward silence between the two of them wasn't much more appealing.  He was wondering if he should turn on the television when Sherlock spoke.
"Just play it. I need to hear what it says." Mr. Aherne's voice was resigned but steady. Lestrade wasted no time after this, immediately pressing the "play" button.
"All right," she tonelessly said.
"I'm going to show you some photographs."  Even though this routine had been done several times before, the crowd still seemed to take a collective breath.  John felt like the one person who wasn't shocked; then again he'd known about this for a long time.  "Can you identify the person in this photograph?"
"Hello to everyone," John heard Lou say.  "I've got breakfast and if everyone will go inside we can distribute it."
"No, I haven't, but I see your point."
"And that was all you did there?" Susan asked again, obviously willing to repeat this exchange as much as she needed.
"Sexual assault of a child under thirteen."  John went to that part of the law and found that that charge did in fact have a sentencing requirement up to fourteen years, while rape of a child was life.
Sherlock didn't say anything for a few minutes, and John thought he wasn't going to answer, but before John could ask another question he began to speak.  "We stopped in the supermarket after school.  He wished to buy some snack food.  She was there in the aisle with the sweets."  Another long silence.  "She greeted me and asked if I was busy after school.  I usually... often... I would meet Her at Her work and go home with Her once the day was over.  Victor said that I was coming home with him and She would have to talk to me later."  John clearly heard the capital letters in She and Her.  He wanted to take his hand or put an arm around his shoulder but he wasn't sure Sherlock would appreciate the contact.  "She left, he bought what he wanted and we went to his home.  His parents were not there.  We sat down on the front steps and he asked me who that was and how I knew Her.  I told him She was a friend of mine.  He asked how long I had known Her, and I told him.  He asked more questions and from something I said he was apparently able to deduce the... nature of our relationship.  He asked me how long I had been... intimate with Her.  I told him that as well.  He didn't say anything for a long period of time and finally he told me that he thought I should talk to my mother about it."
"You're thinking about something," Mari said before he could respond.
Lou turned to the defense.  "Does anyone on the defense object to her eligibility to testify?"
The dog did seem to like him; she sat at his feet and looked up with an adoring expression.  He thought of Redbeard and his heart melted.  He sat down on the floor and let the dog crawl into his lap.
"Did she invite you to come back?"  Susan managed to keep her voice even.
"You still haven't explained how you know all this, if Sherlock didn't tell you."  John didn't want the conversation to be sidetracked.
“It hurts, Mike.”  A tear actually came down from one of his eyes.  “Can’t you be my friend?”
"All right."  A pause.  "You know that She used to work at St. Bart's, right?"
"You engage in the practice on occasion."  He didn't sound accusatory, but just like he was stating a fact.  "When people assume we are in a romantic relationship you frequently respond that you are not gay.  This makes others assume you are heterosexual because they cannot think of more than two options."
“Were you trying to break his arm?”  Sherlock's voice was so quiet as he said that it was hard to tell he had spoken at all.
John was able to dress in just a few minutes, one of the remnants of being in the army, and they were both out the door and into a cab in a remarkably quick period of time.  They didn’t speak to each other, and the silence seemed to fit with the darkened city.
"But we didn't," Kieran said.
“Did you get anything useful?” he inquired.
"That's our job," she reassured him.  "Oh, and the family of Victim Five's going to be sitting in court.  None of them are going to testify and they all wanted to be there."  She opened the door and walked down the hall.  After a few seconds Lou came into view and she called out: "Over here, Lou."
"They are."  Mr. Aherne smiled and his love for them showed clearly on his face.  "I got taken into care when I was young and my mother died when I was sixteen, so I have no family but them."
"It wasn't just that he said it, you understand.  He seemed genuinely disturbed by it, enough that it was still with him some time later."
"He's just a baby. He's not even two. Dierdre's too little to walk him and Kieran lets him pull on lead. I should be home to look after him."
"It got taken away from me." Sherlock sounded sad, almost as though he still mourned its loss.
"Oh, they're brilliant!  See, I found one at the bookshop and thought it would make a brilliant gift for Douglas!"  As he said it, the other man slipped out the door, which closed with a decisive thud.  The steward reached for one of the bundles at his feet.  He produced a picture book with a large bear hugging an egg on the front.  "So he has all of them, but I got ones for myself!"
"A few days before She had... well, we were in Her bedroom and She'd done this thing to tie my arms to the head of the bed, with ropes.  She was trying to change the knot on one of them and I moved and She hit her cheek on the bed post."
Sherlock shook his head.  "No.  I got a message that said 'An unknown error occured.'"
"It's all right."
"Four steps, then."  John felt his mobile vibrate in his pocket.  Since the kettle had boiled, he went back into the kitchen and pulled it out once he had his back to Sherlock.  It was a text message from Mycroft, of all people.
A floorboard creaked downstairs, and he was jerked back into reality. From the sound it was clear whoever it was (most likely Mrs. Hudson) wasn't going to be coming upstairs, but it was as clear as an alarm. At first Sherlock felt blurred, like he had come out of a long sleep, but slowly he became more aware of his surroundings.
John was suddenly reminded of Irene Adler's old phone.  "Maybe we should just enter 'Agra' all on its own?"
"Why do they ask for your help?"
"Yes," said Lestrade with a sigh.  "And since I doubt at this point I'll convince you to let go of the case, I should inform you that you feature in Dr. Martin's current defense."
Lestrade looked like he was going to say something, but he merely swallowed and nodded.  After a few seconds of silence he added:  "Just so you know, the father that was once a suspect is willing to be interviewed.  He moved with his daughter to Manchester after he was cleared, but he wanted to find the person."  He handed another form to Sherlock, like he was trying to cut off any further discussion.  John looked at the form as Sherlock took it, a medical form about the boy (the form stated his name was Sagnik Malakar), and his eyes caught another name at the top.
"Mean what?" John said in confusion.
"Yes.  Truthfully, I was terrified I'd see someone I knew from the neighborhood, or from work, or a hundred other places.  Knowing the person beforehand would have been too much."  His voice broke.
"It's nine in the morning," Sherlock responded, looking over at the clock.
"Who is this?" Sherlock suddenly said, holding up a photo of a dark-haired boy.
"Very smart of you. You'd make a good detective."
"The dog's bigger than your daughter and you let her walk him alone?"  Once again, Harvey sounded angrier than the statement would indicate, as if he had confessed to making his daughter work in a sweatshop.
Christine looked briefly at each of her brothers before speaking.  "You know, our dad loved us, even if he could be a right tosser when he was drunk.  When Mum died he just went off the bend.  Didn't never hit us before then.  And we were just normal kids, really, but he wanted to follow her to the grave.  I talked back a lot and in our last row he slapped my face and I fell.  It wasn't much really but when one of the workers came to our house and saw what a mess it was she took us all into care."  She spoke with the raspy tone of the heavy cigarette smoker.  "Went to this house full of other kids.  First they said they'd split us up, no one'd take all four at once.  Then they said they found a place for all of us.  When we got there I thought we did pretty good.  Big house, lots of stuff to do, big garden.   And when we met Her She seemed nice enough."  John wondered to himself if there was anyone K had victimized that didn't speak of her with capital letters.  "Right off She said we could call Her Mum.  I still missed my real Mum a lot and I jumped right on that."
"No, we aren't."
"Did you think he was?"
When he came back downstairs Sherlock was still in the same position, like he hadn't moved at all.  "Let's walk," he said as soon as he saw John.
"He found out because someone else told their mother." John was uncomfortably aware that everyone's eyes were now on him.
"In Ireland I ran my own catering business out of my home.  The money wasn't bad but it involved a lot of work.  Since my wife had died a few years back this meant my children weren't given as much attention as I would have liked.  A larger, London-based catering program offered me a job.  The pay was good and a friend of mine in London had a flat to offer me.  He is a landlord and usually lives on the ground floor of the building with his family, but his wife needed to travel abroad for two years.  I'm renting it from him at a low rate while another friend manages the building.  We'd never been able to afford a three bedroom flat otherwise.  Now I have more time to spend with my children and we can buy a house outside of London when he returns."
Once the two of them were in a cab and on the way back home, the silence that had permeated the trip there returned.  Truthfully, John didn't have the slightest clue what he might say and was glad for it.  He didn't want to look at Sherlock at all.  If everything that he’d heard had disturbed him this much, he couldn't imagine what Sherlock must be feeling now.  When they got home, Sherlock went straight to his room and slammed the door shut.  John distracted himself by taking up an invitation from Mrs. Hudson to join her for dinner and a movie (she liked James Bond just as much as he did) and that was enough to put him in a better mood.  He didn't see Sherlock when he got back upstairs and went to bed in silence.
"Was that what broke up her marriage?"
At this point Sherlock didn't feel the need to spend more time alone in that room, so he headed downstairs.  He poked around the living room for about fifteen minutes before there was a knock on the door.  He heard the man come down the stairs, and looked over at him.  He was already dressed for work and had a bag in one hand.
"Can you tell us what you mean by that?"
“One of the other jurors who wouldn’t vote to convict.”
"You enjoy that."  It wasn't a question, but Sherlock said it like it was a source of bafflement.
"That would be good of you, especially since Sherlock's got a rapport with Moira no one else has.  It might make the whole thing less stressful for her."
From Phillip's perspective it looked like Sherlock was just making some hand gesture, but John knew it was a warning to not come downstairs.  John knew that Phillip trusted Sherlock in a way he didn't trust anyone else, and if he were to make his presence known Phillip would likely clam up.  He gestured up the stairs in response, silently asking if he should go back upstairs.  Sherlock gave a very slight shake of his head.  He wanted John to at least hear what they were saying, at any rate.
"That's not true," he said in a hoarse whisper.
"W e paid for the food, left the store, and went to my house.  I just wanted to make sure we were alone, and thankfully my parents weren't at home.  Once we got there we sat down on the steps and I asked him who that had been.  He said 'a friend,'  and after a second 'She's a doctor in town, Dr. Martin,' in this monotone.  I asked him how they'd met and at first he didn't say anything.  Then he asked me if I'd promise not to tell anyone what he said.  I wanted to hear what he had to say, so I said yes."
"Will you testify?"  John wasn't referring to Sherlock's own history with K but rather what the conversation they had the day she had been arrested.  In all likelihood whatever she'd done to Sherlock wasn't something she could be charged with anymore.  Of course, it would still have to come out, if their conversation was brought up.
"And you said you were a girl?"
“Did you spend time with her alone after that?”
“Enough to finally do something. It’s the one thing I could never do with Her so I thought that would be safe.”
"That was the right thing to do," Sherlock said reassuringly.  It seemed like he had cast off his earlier melancholy to deal with Phillip.
John learns the story of the bee from Mycroft.
"Only one."
"I - no."  He pulled Hamish to his chest.  "Please.  Go.  I don't want you to see this."
"What did she say?"
"Go sit on the sofa and I'll get you a cup."  Phillip went to sit on the sofa and Sherlock sat down next to him.  John mixed the cocoa and brought the mug to Phillip.  "Do you want to talk by yourselves?  I can go upstairs," he said.
The court was deathly silent.  John usually heard the buffalo whispering to each other on occasion, but now there was nothing at all.  When Susan said "What happened after that?" it echoed through the room.
"You told me you weren't interested.  I accepted that."
Sherlock clearly wasn't expecting that, either; his mouth fell open in shock.  A minute passed where the two of them just stared at each other.  John broke the silence when he added: "I'd like to at least know where you're going all this time."
"Yeah," she whispered.
, where John gets him a bee picture taken with an electron microscope. Moira, who is a small science nerd already, would think that sort of thing was just great.
"What do you mean by that?"
"No.  I wanted to get up but I couldn't make my limbs work."
"I told them I couldn't think of someone who could have done it."
"They hurt."
"You were suspicious of something going on in that flat?"
John thought it was best to just change the subject.  "Chinese or Indian?  And don't say neither, you're eating something."
"Because not everyone is brave like you and talked about it."
"What happened when you were there?"
“Yeah.  She kept wanting to try new things out.  Every few months She had something new. She started tying a blindfold on me.  After that She’d use these scarves to tie me to the bed.  Then She tied me there with rope, and later handcuffs.”  As Phillip paused the courtroom filled with gasps and sobs.  “She tied me there with those face down after a while, and She’d stick things up me.  They always hurt a lot and She’d gag me so I couldn’t scream.”
"To babysit me."
“I suppose you need to know what happened after that,”  Christine said as soon as her brother stopped talking.  “Can – can we do that at another time?  This is enough.  Now, I mean.”  Her body shook along with her voice.
"It's all yours. Don't give it to Rory, though."
He was planning on working straight through his dinner, as he didn't feel particularly hungry. However, Sarah poked her head in before he was able to inform anyone and asked if he wanted to eat with her in the cafeteria. The cafeteria food had no appeal and he hadn't brought anything, but he accepted the invitation anyway, feeling a need to talk to someone. Sarah had taken the "this isn't working, let's be friends" conversation with her typical good humor, and had even said she would have said the same thing in a few days, so that had stripped one layer of complication from their relationship.
Sherlock doesn't know the bee was burnt since Mycroft didn't tell him, and I think that knowledge would just make him feel worse. His feelings towards Mycroft are mixed - he knows intellectually that his brother couldn't have prevented the abuse, but he blames him for letting it go on anyway. And as is the case with Victor Trevor, he also blames him for the end of the abuse. Sherlock's feelings towards K are profoundly screwed up, and he's both afraid of her and thinks she's the only one who ever loved him, and she stopped because he did something wrong. Like grow older.
"Now, most of the time when someone says that they mean themselves.  But one thing I know about you is that you're honest.  You might not answer, or you might give one-word answers, but you don't lie.  So I'll assume you really mean a friend."  She sat down across from him.  "And yes, that's my area of treatment.  What happened to your friend to make you think they have PTSD?"
Phillip testifies more.
"Okay.  I'll ask you again.  Did anything happen between the two of you before she came in through the window?" Lou said for a second time.
“Adults, or children?”
Sherlock pulled himself into a sitting position again, this time clearly aware of what he was doing.  He reached for Hamish with his left hand.   Only when the bee was pulled to his side did he start to look around.  He looked down at the front of his pajamas like he didn't know how he'd come to be covered in vomit.  "I see," he said, although he clearly didn't.
Phillip, who had been watching him throughout the whole story, laughed once or twice before looking at his hands again.  "I did tell Her, though.  I was the one that did all that and She said it was good that She loved me or She'd have the police on me.  And if She was the one that I did all of that to it would mean I wouldn't hurt anyone else."  A flush spread across his face.  "Once She said I couldn't help it, I was born with it.  At least when I grew up I'd be able to make people happy."
"I'll see how he's doing," John said before heading up the stairs.  He expected to find Sherlock on the couch with the television blaring and that in fact turned out to be the case.  Not surprisingly, the news was on, even though it only discussed some minor political scandal.  Sherlock was leaning on Hamish and didn't appear to be paying attention.
The man stepped past him and began to search a few areas for reasons Martin couldn't figure out. "If you've taken something just tell me."
Sherlock did nothing of the sort but didn't flee. He still looked terrified. He started to feel around with his free hand and John guessed he was looking for Hamish.
"You got married, so you must have worked some of that out," John said. He wondered what the solution was for him.
"My sister's wife left her because of the drinking, so yeah, I know what that's like." He paused. "Can we use names here?" he asked, already having noticed that no one ever gave the name of the person they were there to support.
"Sherlock?" John asked quietly, not sure if he had really come out of it this time.
"He's upstairs."
"GERT-I is not a person.  Remember my rule: people only.  No dogs, no airplanes."
"Hello," she responded.
"Tell us about that."
John got a good look at him once he was in the stand.  He'd expected Phillip to be in a suit and was surprised to see he wore a dark navy jumper and khaki trousers.  Once he'd gotten used to it, he realized why: it made Phillip look younger, emphasizing his more boyish features.  His hair was neatly combed for once and not hanging over his eyes.
"You were awake when I talked to him."  It was a statement of fact.
"The first night I was there, they took me up to the room and that police officer – Sally, I think her name was?  She had tried to talk to me before after I got the stitches, and she tried to talk to me one more time, except me dad wasn't there."  She looked expectantly at Sherlock.
Not only did he point, he even added:  "She is sitting right there in the dock."
"Don't know," he muttered in response.
John did not mention that he already had someone - Sherlock.  "He does need a caring parent," he said, aware that that was what he'd meant in the first place.  A thought occurred to him.  "All the victims.  They're not just from homes with abusive or distant parents.  All of them have a distant, absent, or abusive
"You're so much calmer than Skip.  Of course, that's because he's got the picnic disorder."
John and Sarah talk about Phillip.
"Did they teach you that in medical school?" Sherlock croaked out.
"You mean you can't tell just from looking at me?" He realized that had came out much more harshly than he'd intended, and added, "Sorry. It was just…that bad."
. Mary Boyle is blond, but Moira is strawberry blond (and her father has reddish-brown hair) because of their last name, taken from
"So you decided to become his friend."
John shook his head. "He'd never see anyone to talk about anything personal."
“The week I brought Jennifer to the A&E I had only had her for a day and a half.   It had been a hard week anyway. Debra and I had argued over the drugs again.  Like with her mother's depression, I think there were signs I was missing there, but I didn't put them together.  I was about to put her down for a nap and as she got into bed she said something I didn't catch.  I asked her, 'What did you say?' and she said it again.  This time I heard it.”  His voice broke, but he did not tear up.
"Mari works with Rodney.  She'd heard about the group from Dr. Dodson; so did I.  Tammy and Jason work together and she found us through another therapist.  Gloria heard about it at her fiancé's rehab.  Peter got referred to us when his wife was hospitalized a few years ago."
None of the stories he'd read had mentioned anything about a hat.  "I don't know what you're talking about."
"I went to her room.  She'd curled up into a little ball on her bed.  I asked her what was wrong."
When he opened the door, at first Sherlock didn't actually see a person.  It just seemed like a large pile of items with a fluffy golden dog, the same one from the day before, barking at the man's feet.  Then the pile said  "Hi, Sk- I mean Sherlock Holmes.  Or should I call you Mr. Holmes?  Or Homes?  Or just Sherlock?"  One of the items fell at his feet, revealing the steward from the day before.
"He looks well loved." That was enough for Moira's mouth to turn upwards for a second.
"Why not?"
“Let me guess – he was telling you that since the flat he’s been to with K has blinds and the shades drawn so he can’t tell you where it is?”  While he was sure there was more to their conversation than that, it seemed like a neutral enough talking point.
“Then you've clearly not been paying attention to what I'm saying.”  Her smile was still unbroken.  “Sherlock has though, right dearest?”  Sherlock's grip on John's hand tightened so much he was sure he'd have a bruise.  “He remembers it all, I'm sure.”
"Yes."
"Do you always know so much about people? Just from looking at them?" Phillip didn't sound angry or irritated; he seemed intrigued if anything else.
"We're planning a proper honeymoon." He grinned. "All over Europe. She's never been to the actual continent before."
"Yeah."  Phillip didn't add that he wasn't close to his mother in the first place, and John knew that gave Harvey an actual point to go with.
He had a feeling that he didn't want to know whatever Sherlock meant, so he changed the subject.  "We need to talk about last night."  Sherlock's eyes widened.  "Please don't run.  We need to talk," he quickly added.
"I know you will see him in court today.  Please don't tell him about this; I don't want him to be disappointed."
“How often did this happen?”
"I don't know."
"He was nicer to me.  He didn't just start asking me about my arm and why I wasn't in school.  He knew which arm I'd broken even though I didn't have my cast on anymore and he knew that I played the flute."  Even as Phillip spoke a small smile appeared on his face, like he was remembering something happy.
“If we need to talk to you again, I’ll ring Graham and he can get all of you,” Lestrade said as the four siblings filed out the door in a great hurry.  Graham looked back and half-nodded before he vanished out the door.
"When did Scotland Yard come to talk to you?"
"Did Jennifer ever say anything about them?"
John didn't look at any of the people who came in until he heard a collective intake of breath from behind him.  He turned to look as the doors swung open.  A man and woman in suits stood there, both of them saying a few words to the reporters.  As they talked they walked down to the dock.  And a few steps behind them was K.  She wore a neat business suit and her black hair had been pulled back into a bun.  She still had some of the motherly air she'd had before, but she also seemed very much the respectable professional.
The buffalo trickled in as usual, and while some of them gave John dirty looks, most of them just took their typical seats.  No one asked for his space, and John assumed some of the buffalo hadn't shown up. The other watchers didn't seem to notice a difference.  It seemed like such a short period of time between when he had sat down and the time usher cried "Court rise!" that he took a second to get to his feet.  He did not look back at the dock.  Of all the days he didn't want to see K, this was the one he least wanted to see her in.
"Because I wanted to still have a friend!  No matter what She did it was better than being lonely!" Moira shouted at him.
"Did you still do things together?"
"With your mother?  Another medical visit?"
"Can you describe the flat?"
"He feels safe.  Like you."
Phillip was soaked to the bone.  He carried a holdall and his flute case.  "I ran away," he said to a startled John.
"I said I was a girl."  Tears rolled down her cheeks.
"Brownie," she said softly. "He was me mum's."
"When did you notice her mood had changed?"
John had almost finished his breakfast when he heard a noise from the stairs.  Sherlock appeared within a minute, wrapped in his dressing gown, a blank look on his face.  Something about the way he looked made John refrain from telling him "good morning".  The silence that hung in the air as Sherlock sat down on the couch and stared off into space wasn't much better.
"Enough," Mr. Aherne said before he could finish whatever he was going to say.  "Moira, Kieran, you can go to Moira's room to talk.  Dierdre, please don't touch their toys."  He was calm.  The folder Lestrade had brought with him was sitting on the table, but it hadn't been opened yet.  Fortunately the twins scampered down the hall to Moira's room, John and Sherlock following close behind, so they weren't aware of what was going on a room away.
"Why did you leave Mrs. Bena?"
"I didn't, I wouldn't.  I'd lock myself in my room when She wasn't around so if I got the urge to do it to anyone else I'd stop myself.  And She said when I was eighteen we could get married and She'd be around all the time so all the others would be safe."
Sherlock understood how he felt. He'd even feel sad if he wasn't still feeling the drugs. Instead he remembered how to float off in his mind and was soon away from everything.
"Anyway, we just ate dinner, Dierdre," said her brother. "You can't be hungry again already."
John had no time to check for a response until they returned the tape and recorder to the Yard and were back at home. Sherlock headed up to his room without a word, which gave him the opportunity to bring out his mobile, unsilence it, and check his messages. One brief response: "Take a walk around six. I will meet you." No initials, but that was Sherlock's trait, not Mycroft's. He wondered what sort of excuse he would use when he left. "Taking a walk" sounded like he was being deceitful (which technically he was).
"How often did you go there?"
"Oh, yes, I remember that case.  There were some signs of sexual abuse on the exam, mostly reduced rectal tone and a patent vagina.  Father claimed she'd said a lewd phrase to him, which made him come to the A&E with her.  There was a custody battle at the time as well, with the mother."  He seemed pleased he remembered that much, almost like he wanted to get credit from Sherlock for this.
Eli spoke up. "I don't have anything I need to bring up about my situation right now, but I'm curious how Jason is doing."
"I think so." He still sounded on the verge of tears, but wasn't obviously crying.
"I did."  The old expression vanished as if it had been chased away with cold water.  "Which is why I thought he hadn't done anything wrong."
"What sort of care do you get for it?"
"Maybe."
"Not really.  I hadn't really seen anything like that up close and I wondered what they felt like but I wasn't trying to grab them."
Sherlock and Douglas establish some rules.
Anger roared in his throat as he reminded himself why she would need stitches in the first place, but he kept it down. "No. I'd just like to talk to you." He noticed then the table by her bed not only had several books but also a picture of a large dog surrounded by Mr. Aherne, Moira, and who he assumed had to be her siblings. "Is that your family?" She nodded in reply. "What are your brother and sister named?"
"And you stay gone until you come down."
"Alla," Sherlock said.  "Good to see you."  He said something in rapid-fire Russian, and she nodded.  "You'll go with James?"  She nodded again.
"I just said I didn't ask her because I never do that."
Within ten minutes they were all in a cab on the way to the airport.  Sherlock still hadn't said a word to any of them, but no one seemed to think this was unusual.  It was a short trip, and with the hassle of going through customs and security, no one tried to talk to Sherlock at all.  He knew he was going to have to say something soon, although he wondered how everyone hadn't noticed that something was off.  Perhaps this Martin often acted strangely.
"No, Arthur.  We discussed this before."  Douglas had clearly had this conversation before.
"Take the call," Dr. Dodson said, and gestured to the door.
"From what you're saying it sounds like he does indeed have some sort of trauma-related issue."  She paused and looked him in the eye.  "What have you learned from those 'little bits?'  What happened and for how long?"
"Her doctor's office in town."
John gave him a cautious look, and it was enough to halt the laughter in his throat. After Martin had composed himself, he went on. "You said you wanted to ring your boss?"
"Sometimes I have to not get angry when she tells me things. We went out with some friends a few days ago. She always just sits there and sips her drink, not saying anything. Anyway, the conversation got a bit raunchy. Someone brought up the topic of anal penetration. She didn't say anything then, but when we walked home she said to me: 'I don't know why anyone would like that myself. It's disgusting.' I realize there's only one way she could know that, because I'm the first person she dated." He sighed.
"Love can't fix everything." Another pause. "I think I hear him getting up. I'm going to go now."
John glanced over at Lestrade to see he still had a surprised look on his face. He understood – even after all this time it still seemed surreal to have Sherlock be so genuinely nice.
Mr. Rodgers stepped into the flat.  John noticed he was holding a stuffed frog.  Phillip turned to look at him, but there was no look of recollection.  He didn't seem to notice the resemblance, either.  "Who are you?" he asked.
"Yes.  I told them the next day, at least all I could remember."
"Yes.  If you'll be there."
"What?" John replied stupidly.
"How did K know him?"  John wondered if that was too direct a question.  He felt like he was trying to make a conversation out of cobwebs without breaking any of them.
"I don't want to get in trouble." Phillip sounded weak.
"I hate myself," Phillip said in a whisper.
"You mentioned once you never tan."
"Not a problem," Lou replied.  "I wish I'd done more with Victim One's testimony.  If I'd realized Victim Four was going to mention that nursery rhyme I'd have brought that up."
"Yes."
"Yes, I was. I had been doing so for a while, in fact."
"How long have you been a foster parent?"
"You think I'm brave?" Moira sounded awed that Sherlock held her in that much regard.
"Did she teach you anything else after that?"
"This person doesn't work there anymore?"
“Several reasons.  One, he also had three children, and two of them were close in age to Sherlock.  Two, his family lived nearby and I knew Sherlock had visited him.  Three, he and his wife were beekeepers, and you know that Sherlock has a long-standing interest in bees.  Four, he was a great fan of classical music.  And finally, he never traveled for his business.  His wife handled the selling of honey and other bee products, the buying of what they needed for the bees, and any other reason they needed to do business out of town.  He stayed home with his children.”
From the blog of Doctor John Watson, MD
"So your mum just thought you were?"
"How do you know that that woman paid your mother a lot of money?"
"I... I..." Sherlock turned away, although he didn't move his hand.  "Please stop crying."
"'I don't think they have restaurants at the end of the universe,' said George. 'We're not…' Oh, hello Dr. Watson. I didn't expect to see you again," Mr. Aherne looked up from the book in surprise. "I hope you're not here for a bad reason."
"When did she contact you?"
"That's very unlikely," Donovan gently replied. "Is someone looking after your other two children?"
"I was telling horrible lies." The statement sounded rehearsed.
"I heard someone say that you could do that.  And with steak and a nail, so I got all three and I'm putting them in different liquids to see what's left."
"Yes."
"I… don't know."
"I knew who'd done it," Mrs. Bena replied.  Her voice wavered, and John half expected her to turn away, but she continued to look out at the courtroom.
Once the two of them were seated in a cab on their way to Bart's, Sherlock spoke up.  "K works the swing shift.  It's probably not a full time position, but that makes little difference to K.  K was born wealthy."
"You haven't changed, either," Sherlock's voice still shook.  "Phillip.  Have you had enough of him yet?"
"Suspicions of sexual abuse.  Well, not just suspicions.  There was obvious medical evidence but they didn't know who had done it and they felt she'd be safer in care."
“Thank you.  I've got to run; Jennifer's waiting for me.”  He took Sherlock's hand and briefly shook it before heading out the door.  A few seconds after Mr. Ogbeide left Lestrade walked back into the room.
"Possibly.  Once again, we've requested the records from social services but they haven't come up yet.  She hasn't fostered in several years so the records aren't as easily accessed."  John could see Lestrade take a deep breath.  "I'm not exaggerating when I say that Dr. Martin appears to have planned for every contingency.  Even before seeing all this I suspected this K was clever and knew how to not get caught, but it still boggles the mind."  He shook his head.
John wasn't sure if it was just that the owner considered them always welcome or its overall atmosphere, but he always enjoyed going to Angelo's.  It had a warm, cozy atmosphere that was like a soft jumper you could wrap yourself in.  The smell of Italian food was rich in the air, and he realized he was starving.  Sherlock only glanced at the menu before putting it down, while John spent a few minutes before choosing a dish.  "Wine?" Sherlock asked once he looked up from the menu.
"Yes I do," Mr. Aherne softly replied.
"Does he know that?" John dared to ask.
John nodded.  "I understand."  He understood all too well.
Both of them had only been in this particular room a few times, and none of them had involved a suspect lineup.  In fact, they had all been rather mundane meetings to discuss evidence or question the odd witness.  John could hear shuffling and mumbled voices behind the one-way mirror, but there was currently no light to see by.  Sherlock had sat down in a chair that was both as far away as possible from the mirror and facing in the other direction.  "I want to talk to Moira and Mr. Aherne as soon as they get in," was his explanation when John shot him a questioning glance.  While that was probably true in and of itself, John knew it wasn't the real reason.  He also was aware that Sherlock knew he knew that, and it was an attempt to save face.  So he just nodded in understanding.
"Actually, yes, I am."
Jason, a very tall dark-skinned man with long dreadlocks, sighed. "I'm really not sure at this point. The kids are wondering why their mum seems so sad and I don't know what to say."
Mr. Aherne chuckled, the first time John had seen him look anything close to happy. "Dr. Watson, you must not have children. There's never one talk. You deal with those things as they come up. We've had quite a few conversations on the subject, and I knew she was aware it would happen to her. She'd seen a commercial for Tampax a few months back, and she asked me what it was about. I told her the truth, as much as I thought she could understand. I don't believe in lying to children."
"What happened after you saw him?"
"Are you and John having a to-do about something?  He's sitting in the sitting room like he just got unpleasant news."
"Give me a minute and I'll come up with you."  Sherlock pressed a few buttons to shut down the computer, picked up Hamish, and headed for the stairs. John as usual gave him time to change, changing his own clothes for pajamas in the bathroom.  Once he came out Sherlock was perched on his side of the bed, Hamish against his chest, like there hadn't been a time where he was gone at all.  That reassured John enough that he fell asleep shortly after his head hit the pillow.
"Give the drive to me," said Sherlock with a sigh.  "I'll try the Hindi script."  John pulled it out and handed it over.  Sherlock plugged it in and furiously typed away.  As soon as the keys stopped clacking the laptop beeped.
"Did you go back to the office?"
"It's fine," Sherlock said as he turned over on his side.  John took this as the cue to leave the room, but as he was in the doorway he heard one word, quiet as a whisper.  "Bedsheets."  He was halfway down the stairs when he realized that Sherlock had just answered his question.  In a second he realized what that meant and suddenly fought the urge to be sick.
"Have you seen your children without clothing?"
She shook her head.  "No.  She asked me if me dad had hurt me and I said he didn't.  Then she said that no one should touch me there but a doctor.  I got real scared then because K said that too and said that was why it was okay, because She was a doctor."  John had gotten used to the capital letters in She at this point, but it still unnerved him to hear it.  "So I didn't say anything and just held Brownie until she left.  Me dad came up for a bit and asked me if I wanted anything because he had to go home so everyone else could rest.  I told him to get a book.  I had to take a pill that tasted like clay the nurse brought me and then I fell asleep.  When I woke up it was really early and the sun had just come up."  Moira brought the bear closer to her chest.  "A few minutes later someone knocked on the door and then K came into the room."  The memory clearly disturbed her; she visibly shuddered.
"Tiana."
Victor folded his hands in front of him.  "I wouldn't go so far as to say that.  It took more time.  At first all we did was walk home from school together.  Then I started to sit with him at lunch.  When he seemed to be more comfortable in my presence, I invited him to my house after school."
Harvey scowled before moving on.  "Were you present for any of the lineups in this case?"
Sherlock was still looking at the victim list.  "Victim Five is Sagnik Malakar. Did his family contact you or did you incompetents manage to find him on your own?"
"You will," he said before disconnecting.
"I know you are.  Running yourself into the ground isn't going to make things any better.  Phillip and Moira are counting on you." John turned to go upstairs.  To his surprise, Sherlock followed him; apparently he wasn't going to be spending the night downstairs.
"Moira's room."  He took a deep breath.
"If he was intending to do that he did a remarkably bad job of it, since he said on the record he had no idea who might have taught her to say that.  He said her mother had a drug habit but wasn't seeing anyone."  In contrast to Dr. Arthur's outburst, Sherlock seemed calm and collected.
He must have finished, then.  “Not right now.”
While he knew Sherlock would be there, he didn't have any idea of how he would actually look.  It was almost a relief to see him curled up in one corner of a small room, his long coat draped over him.  He was either asleep, passed out, or in a trance.  The kid knelt down and nudged him.  Sherlock rolled over and looked at him.
"Was it just unusual because someone else was close to him, or for some other reason?"
"Did you know what she was saying at the time?"
Right at the top of the stairwell was a hall with several doors, three nearby. One was open and revealed a bathroom, one was shut tight, and the third had a sign made out of wood on it that said "Martin's room" in writing done in every color of the rainbow, one for each letter. The cartoony planes drawn on it indicated it had been made by a child, and since he was sure this body didn't have children, it had to be Douglas' youngest.
The arrival of the cab at the Yard broke him out of his reverie, and the two of them walked inside like it was just another day and this was just another crime they happened to be investigating. That was broken quickly by the appearance of Sally Donovan, who was looking at the two of them in surprise. John figured that he should just walk by and ensure that both of them wouldn't begin the insults, but when she spoke that broke like a soap bubble. "I wouldn't believe it if I hadn't heard it myself," she said in a tone of wonder.
"How did you get him to talk?"
Moira is somewhat aware of the fact Sherlock is supposed to ask her about the abuse, but the fact he didn't directly bring it up at all makes him the least threatening of all the people who have questioned her. She also wants to tell someone as long as she can figure out a way that her family won't be in danger from it.
While John hadn't expected to wake before Sherlock, he did so. Sherlock was still sleeping draped over him, head resting on his shoulder. He found himself suddenly wishing that the group Gloria had mentioned met today; he was way in over his head. But at the same time he was determined he and Sherlock would ride this out together.
"I would think that you'd have a pretty good chance of getting custody of him now," John said.
, read one more page, and correctly guessed the ending.
He doesn't expect a truthful answer here at all; he's just asking to see how she reacts, which of course confirms that she's not telling the truth. If you're wondering how K got into the hospital in the first place, she still has her old ID badge. When she goes into the clinic later and runs into Sarah, she's also trying to get in the hospital to see if she can find any other records of the other victims. The new job doesn't exist. As a side note, she never cared much for Sarah because Sarah's suspicions, as small as they were, showed up. K knows perfectly well that anyone who isn't charmed by her needs to be regarded with suspicion. She doesn't think she's doing anything wrong (more on that in later parts) but she does know that other people think it's wrong.
He had noticed something as soon as he woke up - the room smelled different.  Most cheap hotels smelled like cigarette smoke, must, and roach spray, and this room only had a faint spicy odor.  He even half noticed that the bathroom didn't smell of mildew.  It didn't bother him that the shampoo and soap were unfamiliar; he was used to that.  Once he was ready to get out of the shower he noticed the towels were nicer than those hotels usually had, and looked ridiculously expensive.  Still, a towel was a towel, and he dried himself off without thinking much about it.
"Don't you hurt?" John asked in disbelief.
"You'll be staying here tonight, though?" John asked.
Sherlock looked briefly at the picture, and then back at Moira. "Has anyone else come to visit you?"
"So she told him who was hurting her?  Just like that?"
"Not all at once."
"Go sit down, Arthur." The large man seemed far less irritated with him than with Sherlock. But if he had been in the same situation - wait, he was. Whoever was supposed to be here had to be with John now, in his body. He scowled at the idea, even though he suspected that whoever was in his body was not going to try to seduce John.
"What?"
"Nothing important," Sherlock said dismissively.
"Well, I hope Susan and I can talk to him before he gets on the stand. Now we should go in."  Lou ascended the courthouse steps surprisingly swiftly, and John and Lestrade struggled to keep up with him.  As they walked down the main hall, Lou stopped at a set of doors and opened one to look into a vacant courtroom.  "We beat the buffalo," he said.
"This woman never told you her first name, did she?"
"They asked you a question?" Silence, probably filled with another nod. "What did they ask you?"
As soon as he put the water on to boil, Sherlock spoke again.  "There's potentially an infinite number of configurations that may have to be done before the drive could yield information."
Harvey didn't seem discouraged by his show of confidence.  She frowned.  "The same reasoning you used to not report what Phillip Rodgers said when he seemed convinced that you would arrest him?"
"She faced fourteen years?  Rape of a child's life," John said with confusion.  He deliberately ignored the comments about K leaving the country once her sentence was served.  Mrs. Hudson took this as a sign to pick up her mug and leave.
"Well, that's more than we got before.  Check to see if it's got something on it now."
"They call me 'Faggy Phillip,' and 'Zombie Boy.'  Some of the kids who take music with me call me 'Foggy the Flute.'  Sometimes they just ignore me."  Phillip had turned red as he spoke; it was clearly something he found humiliating.
"Did you ask your dad for it back?"
"Yes," John replied.
"Did it work?"
John was glad that he didn't have to go into the clinic the next day, as he was so exhausted he slept until ten in the morning.  As soon as he woke up he reached for his mobile and dialed Sarah.  "Do you know how to get hold of Dr. Arthur?" he asked as soon as she picked up.  "Some records the Yard showed us yesterday had his name on them."
"A dozen or so bruises on his upper thighs.  Fingerprint-sized.  From the way they were placed it looked like someone had forced his thighs apart.  That made me think whoever broke his arm was the same one that he was sexually active with, and whatever they'd done that time wasn't consensual."
"The prosecution rang me before you came back.  They've talked to Phillip about not contacting me again until he testifies."
"We did get an ice cream.  We went back to the park to eat it.  We sat inside the place I had hidden under.  Then She said that it was a good thing I'd shown Her how I couldn't control myself, because She liked me."
"No, I mean in what city do you live?" Lou clarified.
"Those were the names.  They told me that I am supposed to testify after all the other victims."
“Dream.”
"Is this person older than you, your age, or younger than you?"
"The prosecution calls Sherlock Holmes," said Susan once she got to the front of the court.  The usher led him in.  The usher was a small man, even shorter than John, which made the sight of him leading in Sherlock even more odd.  Sherlock hadn't taken off the coat or scarf, and he still clutched Hamish to his chest.  John suddenly thought of the person who had laughed at Phillip and prayed they weren't in the courtroom that day.  If they were, they didn't laugh this time.  In fact, there was nothing but silence in the room.  Sherlock looked so young, and he had an expression on his face that looked like a scolded child.  He did appear to see John, and fixed his eyes on him instead of Susan.  John smiled in what he hoped was a reassuring way.
"What were you sentenced for?"
"Of course."  It was hard to tell that Sherlock had just been pulled from a drug den: he was excited, of course, but no more than he usually got from a high-ranking case.  "We'll need that flash drive, though."
Sherlock turned to look at him and his face was ashen.  "I... don't know."  He started to shake.
Don't be fooled by his questioning; John knows perfectly well that Sherlock is reacting ths way to the case for a reason, and he is sure what it is. But he knows that Sherlock won't talk about it (and even later in the story he doesn't share a lot to John) and until Sherlock talks to Moira he can't bring himself to ask Mycroft. (Mycroft's role in the story is small mostly because he has never been able to deal with not protecting his brother even if he intellectually knows there was nothing he could have done, but that's going to be touched on more later.)
The Ahernes have a midnight visitor.
"I'm not," John said truthfully.  "Sad, but not angry."
"And was that all?"
"Yup," he replied, smiling. "There's more to love than sex."
"That would be good, thank you," John said before Sherlock could object.  He was hungry and knew better than to think Sherlock would want to go anywhere besides Bart's when they got out of here.  Mrs. Murray soon returned with a large brown bag that smelled of cooking oil.
"Everywhere?" Lou questioned.
Until that night, they didn’t interact much.  John and Mrs. Hudson watched a Bond movie together, and Sherlock passed on any dinner.  Even when they went to bed he was silent.  It seemed like a penny was about to drop.  And of course one did.
"Some," John said, not clear what she was getting at.
He vaguely recalled something involving two planes colliding.  "Somewhere in Europe?"
"Did you tell your mother anything?"
"That's good," Eli said.
"Yes."
“Attack them?  Physically?”
"Did you tell him that?"
"I'll try to."  The terseness was gone from his voice, leaving only a ghost of the former tone.
"You didn't find his actions familiar?"
"Because I did things.  Just like Her."
"I will."
"When Jane and Frank took care of me, and when I lived with my mummy."
“What do you mean?”
I picked a girl as the first victim because frankly physical signs of abuse would be much easier to notice and not be handwaved away as caused by something else. If Sarah hadn't chatted with Phillip a bit she'd have never gotten his vague statement in the first place.
For those of you who are curious: next chapter is Sherlock's perspective.
"Well, can you tell the story about the dog with the glowing jaws and that time you slept in that little hut because someone got killed and -"
"How did they respond?"
"The twenty-seventh.  They said there had been an arrest and Moira had to pick someone out of a lineup."
"No.  In fact they were all excellent students, but shortly after they were taken into care they dropped sharply.  All of them later left school without finishing."  There was no mistaking the disgust in Sherlock's voice.  "Lestrade spoke to all of them briefly and they consented to be interviewed."
His stomach dropped to the floor. "Do you have any idea what they're going to say?"
Lou towered over her, but he smiled softly as he began to speak.  "Hello, Jennifer."
"What's your doll's name?"
"Ella?  This is John Watson.  When is the soonest I can see you?"
"Do you know why you moved here?"
She smiled that same sinister smile.  “For what?  I had an agreement with your boyfriend and now I have an agreement with his little friend.  Maybe you're just not satisfying him.  Do you know how randy he gets?  He'll practically beg you to fuck him. I saw him ask for it so many times.”
Sherlock put the photo down on the table. John picked it up. Phillip Rodgers did not look like a happy child. His black hair hung over his eyes and his mouth seemed fused in a scowl. For thirteen he still looked very boyish, his face still round like a child's, no sign of puberty molding it at all. If what his teachers said was right, and he had no siblings or friends and a distant mother, he was indeed the type of child an abuser would look for.
"What did you do then?"
"Why did you choose to move here?"
"Really?" He smiled at her. "Is he a Jonathan or just a John?"
"You're in year nine at school?"
"She told me that the woman - Jennifer called her the 'doctor lady' had taken her from her mother's flat and they'd spent time together.  I asked her what they did and she didn't say anything for a bit.  Then she explained that the woman had brought her to the 'fucking room' and they'd done all sorts of things.  I just kept listening and I decided that as soon as she went to sleep I would call the Yard."
"And you knew nothing about the man?"
"We are staying right here in this car, which my driver will be driving in no particular pattern while we have a conversation. Now, while I'm sure there are hundreds of things you could want to speak to me about, I think this is one thing in particular. What is that?"
"Even the males.  Kids at that age have raging hormones but they're not quite sure what to do with them yet."
"Did you do anything else?"
John didn’t recognize the two Yarders in the kitchen, and Sherlock ignored them as he went down the hall to Moira’s room.  He gave a cursory nod to at least acknowledge their presence before following Sherlock down the hall.  Mr. Aherne, Moira, and the dog were all in the room; the dog was lying underneath the open window and the other two were sitting on the bed, Moira leaning against her father.  She was in a long nightgown and clutching the bear she had held in the hospital, but her father was still wearing ordinary clothing.  Her expression was somber, but she smiled as Sherlock came into the room.
"I guess you can call it that. If there's a romance with no dates or touching and a giant stuffed animal seperates the two of you in bed every night."
"Did someone tell you that you had committed a crime?"
“No.  At least he says he doesn’t know.”  He crossed his arms in front of his chest.  “I suspect he knows a lot more about this K than he is telling me.”
"Thank you so much for all you've done. Will I be seeing you again?"
"Before you went to the hospital.  When was the last time you saw K?" John asked.
"What should I eat for breakfast?"
"They did say the doctor had written down Michael may have done it.  I told them right away I didn't think he could do something like that, and I did ask if Jennifer had said something about that.  The person who rang me said that she hadn't said anything about it at all."
“When did the dealer tell you that she was involved in solicitation?” Sherlock asked, like he was talking about the weather.
"I never would have thought it.  I knew Dr. Martin.  A few weeks ago we stood right here chatting for a bit.  Everyone always liked her.  Never any complaints."  She shook her head.
"I told Her I wasn't hiding and I came there to play.  She said to me that I could probably have a lot more fun somewhere else.  Then She asked if I liked ice cream."  He paused.  "I came out then and said I did.  When I saw Her She was wearing a different blouse, with flowers on it and a lot of buttons.  Only a few were done up, so you could see most of Her breasts, even more than from before."
"All right.  If you want to play games I'll be the captain for this flight."
"No. In the book there are ways you can go from one universe to another. They're made when molecules go two different ways. They've all got their own patterns, like colors. Someone or something decided to put us both elsewhere. In the book they never swap bodies with anyone else though." Why did every explanation he tried to give make him sound stupider? Douglas would never have that problem.
"Enough!  I have explained my reasoning to you already!  If all you can do is attack me then this conversation is over."  Without another word but clearly seething with rage, Dr. Arthur stormed out the door and into the confines of the hospital.  Sherlock watched him walk away with a small smile on his face.  Apparently the conversation had been helpful to him at the very least.
"Of course they were," Sherlock said as he grabbed the sheaf of papers and began flipping through them.  "If they weren't they'd have been willing to make statements that She was nothing but kind to them."  He continued to study them until they were in one of the interview rooms.  "There are a lot of twins on this list.  Two sets of triplets, even.  How many triplet sets are taken into care each year?  It can't be very many."  From the way he was talking it was obvious that he'd drawn some sort of conclusion.  John wasn't sure if Lestrade had noticed it, and he knew better than to ask.
Unlike Phillip (I'll get to him when he is introduced) Moira doesn't gender K because of her fear of being found out.
"No."  Phillip looked up again.  "I just put the number in my mobile.  I did ring him later that night because I was scared."
As soon as he said that, Moira jumped off the bed and ran towards her closet.  "I can give it to him now, right?" she asked her brother.  "We've already said everything."
"Did you draw his blood for drug testing?"  Sherlock looked him in the eye.  "If he was dazed it could have been from administration of a benzodiazepine."
“Both.”
Lestrade brings John and Sherlock up to date, and Sherlock shares a disturbing thing.
"Was he there when you were presented with the line-up?"
"You do understand that I can't treat your friend through you.  He'd have to come in to see someone himself," she said evenly.
"The time is now five-forty five.  Does the prosecution have any further witnesses they have to call on for today?" Judge Foster asked.
"Yes that is. Tammy?"
"You want some help getting up there?" he asked.  If it wasn't for the fact John had kept an eye on him for most of the day, he'd wonder if Sherlock hadn't taken something.  He nodded and John offered his arm.  While Sherlock managed to unfold himself easily enough, he seemed to have difficulty getting up and only by taking John's hand and John pulling was he able to stand upright.  Just like the day before, the two of them slowly went into his room.  "Music?" John asked and Sherlock shook his head in response.  He sat down on the bed and took off his coat.  After that he just sat there and John figured that was his cue to leave.  He went back downstairs for fifteen minutes or so, putting a few things away.  Since he couldn't hear anything upstairs, he decided to at least check on him and to his surprise Sherlock was fast asleep and buried under a mound of covers.
"I know you wouldn't be.  Why are you back now?"
"He still wrote once or twice.  The last time he wrote he said they were moving to Manchester."  She paused.  "While I was in prison I saw a news broadcast about someone being arrested for sex crimes, and as soon as I saw the picture I knew it was that Mrs. Williams."
"Yes, please," Phillip said, and John retreated to the kitchen with relief.  He made up another mug and put it in Phillip's hands.
Graham must have given some sort of indication he was through speaking, because the man to the right of him said, "Guess it's my turn now."  He ran a hand over his matted hair.  "Dominic and Graham used to tease me some because I was the youngest.  'Martin's the baby,' they'd say, like I was years younger than them.  But they didn't mean anything bad by it."  He quickly glanced over at his brothers before speaking again.  "Right away She said I was special because I was the youngest.  I liked that.  She said She'd been the youngest, too.  A few weeks after we moved into Her house I got the cough Dominic had except it was worse.  I was in hospital for a long time after I was born and I had problems with my lungs.  So I stayed home from school with Her.  She had said She worked at a place in London but She said She'd stay home with me that day.  Said that us youngest had to stick together, and She could take care of me.  I even got to spend the day in Her bed.  I thought I'd finally have the telly to myself but I fell asleep again after the others went to school.  When I woke up She was lying in bed with me.  Said that She just wanted a rest.  She put Her hand on my forehead and asked if my head hurt.  It did and I said it did, so She started rubbing the top of it.  She asked if I felt better and I said I did, even though it was the same.  I just liked Her hand on me.  Then She asked me if my stomach ached, and that did too, so I told Her that, and She rubbed circles on my belly.  It felt nice even if my stomach still hurt.  After a bit I was half-asleep and She was still rubbing.  Then She went lower.  I kept my eyes shut.  I didn’t want Her to leave or stop touching me, even if it felt weird.  I must have fallen asleep for real at some point because the next thing I remember is waking up alone.”  He shut his eyes.
As I said in the previous chapter, originally I was simply going to have Sherlock show up at the hospital. John would wake up, find out he wasn't there, and race over to the hospital and Moira's room. That didn't seem to work right, so I just had him give in.
As he was leaving he came across Mrs. Hudson.  "If he comes back, or rings you, ring me.  I'll have my mobile with me."  John hadn't brought it to the trial before, but now it seemed the only thing that could ease his worry.
"However, the drive has those initials.  Presumably they give a clue to how to access it."
Phillip still stared, like he was expecting the whole thing to be revealed as a joke.  "You're... my dad?" he finally managed to say.
"If I was a boy or a girl."
Harvey continued on like she hadn't heard him.  "When she refused you she said you got very angry and she had to restrain you."
"That's not true," John forcefully replied, out of instinct more than anything else.
"And I can show you all my toys. I don't have any bees though, not stuffed ones. I have an insect book though."
“So you told him what had happened?”
"What happened after your arm was broken?"
"I haven't gotten angry with you before.  I am not going to do so in the future."
Case thoughts and night intrusions.
"Sleeping? I don't remember doing anything out of the ordinary." Martin's head was starting to hurt again.
Sherlock looked down and took a big, shuddering breath.  He was silent for almost a minute and John thought that the court would have to recess, but he started to speak again.  "Inside.  She would spin me around too.  But then She'd have Her other hand in my pants."
He almost said, "A case," before stopping and reminding himself that he wasn't going to reveal Sherlock's identity to anyone he saw.  "He told me," he finally replied, truthfully.
"Yes."
True to his thoughts, there was one email from Phillip sitting in his inbox. "
"The oldest is eleven, and the others are four, six, and seven."
"Correct.  All you're going to do is answer the questions truthfully.  It's not like a test, so if you don't know the answer just say you don't know."
“You don’t want them involved.”  It made sense to John – something that important could easily put anyone with the information in danger.
"Then the car started moving and I fell asleep."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.  "Did he ever mention what he was doing in India?"
Dierdre made a face.  "I'm not going to touch your silly little space monsters."
Curiosity about the new world he was in won out, and he headed upstairs to the "Martin's room" to see what he could find online.  He fired up the computer and sat down in the chair.  The operating system screen was at least familiar, and when the desktop came up it showed the computer was online.  He pulled up the available browser and typed "Sherlock Holmes" into it.  Millions of results came back.  This clearly would be more complicated to research than he thought.  The first result wasn’t even about a Sherlock Holmes at all, but a Wikipedia entry about Arthur Conan Doyle.  Sherlock did know who he was; John had read that silly book of his about dinosaurs in the Antarctic last year. (He had pointed out its ridiculousness several times.  John had told him it was just a book, and a horror classic.  Sherlock reminded him he had said the same thing about Dracula, and John had fired back that he had liked Frankenstein well enough and… It had ended with Mrs. Hudson making sure she played Metallica loudly enough so she could claim selective deafness.)  The memory was enough to make him pause to compose himself before he started to read again.
"No," said an irritated Mr. Ogebide.  "She only reacted when she saw the news clip about the arrest."
“What ages?”
Sherlock had sat there silently for so long John looked over in surprise when he asked Graham, “What do you mean by apologize to Dominic and Martin?”
After a long silence, Sherlock finally said "On the front of my pants."
"How did he seem before he left?"
John only gave himself a moment to register what Sherlock said before blurting out, "I'm sorry."
"In most cases K can meet Her victims in a neutral place until She is satisfied with their ability to remain silent.  However, She met Phillip in the course of Her work.  One might be able to pass off a meeting in a public place as a chance encounter, but when a four year old boy who isn't your own child repeatedly comes to your workplace you need another option."
"When I think about it now I can understand more."  John noted he seemed to make a point of looking Clark in the eye.  Clark didn't seem to know what to do about it.  He clearly was happier with a witness he could intimidate.
"But she can't use that to argue against the plea, right? She's still in jail?"
He looked so enthused that Sherlock tempered his response a bit. "I don't wear a hat like that, and I've never owned a pipe."
While he wasn't exactly thrilled when he woke up the next day and remembered he had to go to work, it was at least some sort of distraction.  Sherlock was awake but was curled up on the sofa in what would have appeared to be a sulk if he had not been facing out and staring that blank stare again.  He didn't respond when John said "Morning," and only moved when John put a cup of tea in front of him.  He was slowly sipping from it as John headed out the door.
“That was Phillip Rodgers.  He’s been ringing me off and on all night with details.  And more questions about what I would do if he was arrested.”  The fury he had been filled with the night before was gone, replaced by a flatness.
Suddenly, the man turned in Sherlock's direction.  "Skip!  You're up early!"  Sherlock quickly went over it in his head: Skip, probably short for Skipper, captain, he must be addressing whoever is supposed to be in this body.  He headed over to sit at the table, not saying anything yet.  The man smiled broadly at him, his hazel eyes shining, clearly delighted to see him.  "We were just talking about the w - I mean, Mum and Herc.  The thing."  He pointed towards his plate.  "Have some eggs and sausages!"
"And that's it?"
Unfortunately that was the last thing he said for the entire morning, and he was even silent when they took a cab to the Aherne's flat. Sherlock stared out the window, but he was clearly not focusing on anything. John was suddenly glad he'd had a large dinner; this was the type of day that required a lot of fuel. After they disembarked from the cab and knocked on the Aherne's door, John noticed that Sherlock's hands were clenched into fists. He'd never done that before and John wasn't sure what to make of it.
