The frantic scratch of a pen told him that Mycroft, the closest to the files, had listened. He couldn’t help but feel a little smug at knowing that the man who ran England was taking orders from him.
“I didn’t tell her.” The other man’s blue eyes met his own. “She might have just been surprised. We are quite large…”
“You are the world’s leading expert on Lupus sapiens. You would be the best at devising a method of testing logic retention as well as running the test itself.”
He shook his head, looking down at his mate who rolled his eyes again before licking his wrist tenderly. “What are we going to do with them, Sherlock?” he chuckled, scratching the other man’s ears jovially. “A pair of children - the two of them.”
Again, even though he was invited in, he stood by the door, the hair on the back of his neck rising as the scent of Sean flooded his nostrils. “How is Sean?”
The conversation had made her feel dirty, like a truly horrible person. It made her heart ache and her stomach nauseous. She had gone into the relationship with an open mind, with an open heart, and the Wolf had moved right in. She had been on the outs with her family for a while, practically disowned since she’d refused to go on her coming-of-age Hunt at 21. She had been raised to see the Lupus sapiens as animals in men’s clothing and, for the most part, she could see that side of the argument: St. Pierre had been a monster. But then she’d done her own research in college, finding Sherrinford’s publications primarily, and had found her own way and her own conclusions and opinions. It was life-changing, something that was further cemented when she had met Sherrinford in person and he had shown her a very different picture. He hadn’t even been Bitten, a man contracting a disease! No, he had been born with it, he had been raised with it, and he was the best man that she knew: funny, intelligent, kindhearted, and so very giving. And now, because she had told her brother, the one seemingly rational person in her immediate family, about her relationship, her mother commanded her to kill the man that she loved. All because he was a man that lived in a Wolf’s pelt.
As she idly scratched the woman’s ears, she greeted her fathers with hugs. Sherlock, always more emotional in this form, nuzzled her happily, his tongue bathing her cheeks. Her father pressed a kiss to her head as her second father began rooting through her bag, getting his slobber over everything. “Sherlock!” she hissed, closing the bag on his nose while grabbing a moist ball with her left hand. “Go get it!”
“Thank you, Sir,” the man said, turning his back on the table and stripping down to his pants and tags.
“Hmmm.” John cocked one of his eyebrows before reaching across the divide to borrow his laptop. “Let’s check the old blog, shall we?”
Slowly, she allowed her fingers to open her Messenger app. She scrolled down her messages, finding the last text she had sent to the man who kept breaking on the tv screen.
Molly’s sad smile was enough of an answer even before she spoke softly. “I think that you’re being reasonable, Sherrinford. There will always be people who will be angry at you for hiding who you are, but there will be others that will be even happier to have someone with the status and power of your family and the knowledge afforded you on their side. Understanding who they are and what they go through. Someone who is fighting for them.”
He lay down, licking the mousepad with his tongue to close the presentation to reveal an empty word document. He raised his head expectantly, looking around as the noise of the gathered assembly rose about him. Shouting became jumbled, hurting his ears, making him whine and bend his head again, his nose, right paw and tongue playing across the keys.
“I have something that we need to discuss,” he whispered, looking at the happiness of the two men before focusing his attentions on his cup and the hot liquid within it.
Watching his brother shift was fascinating. He had seen himself shift back from his four-legged form, as Mycroft had taped it during his first change. Natural born wolves apparently shifted very differently. It started at the extremities, his toes and fingers shrinking and becoming paws and claws, as the shift traveled up his arms and legs, popping joints, elongating and rotating. As the shift reached his shoulders and hips, his sibling shook, completing the shift in that motion with maw and tail sprouting, ears pulling upward, and fur erupting all at once. It took no longer than thirty seconds, which shocked him, seeing as his own was only that rapid the night of the Full Moon.
“It’s a Wolf term,” the bald man explained, rolling his eyes at his supposed idiocy. “It goes to the joker of the group. He wouldn’t hurt a fly, Trev...It’s pretty unreal.”
He chuckled, a breathy ‘ehehe.’ “I, um, study Lupus sapiens,” he replied, diverting his gaze. “I work with them in close proximity and I’ve picked up on some of their mannerisms. Showing teeth is a threat, exposing your neck is being passive, allowing someone else to be in charge.” He paused, his face growing worried. “Does that bother you?” He held out his hand, summoning a cab in an instant.
“Oh!” she exclaimed, gathering her sandwich together in a slipshod manner on her plate. “Right. Just lost in your glow.”
“Chinese?” Evelyn asked hopefully, smiling up at him. He beamed back, his worries forgotten for a while.
was too old for this job. He was winded (Thankfully after Mycroft but before John - all those years of keeping up with Sherlock) after twenty minutes and his legs protested the abuse that he continued to give them. He was loathe to let the Pack out of sight. Even as he worked along side these men, his worry and fear of them (and more specifically St. Pierre and what he did) persisted.
“No,” he whispered, again tilting his head to his Alpha. “But I ask that you give me the opportunity to tell her - about me, about us - if she proves trustworthy. If my nose - my body is being honest with me.” He looked up, feeling like a pup that was being scolded for playing with his Alpha’s tail. “I hope it’s true.” He inhaled shakily. “I’ve been alone for so long. My biological imperative isn’t to be alone even if I deserve to be.”
“I can’t believe that you, Sherlock Bleeding Holmes, admitted that someone was better at something than you!” Her father was outright laughing now.
After shoveling his breakfast into his maw, he went to the holding cells and flats, some of which had their occupants already placed within them. Today was his most important day of work for the month, after all.
John was nearly obscured by the flying fur about him. He was screaming inhumanly, pressed against one of the rounded walls of the tunnel that appeared to be a scarlet color.
The action set the doctor off laughing again, making him feel instantly ridiculous. “I-” he blinked rapidly, trying to clear his thoughts, “I still go to the butchers.”
“I-I,” the doctor paused, releasing a shaky breath. “I like your parents, Sherlock. We’re here for you and your comfort. You’d tear Baker Street apart before the night was up and the parks aren’t nearly as safe as a private property.”
He nodded, his tags jangling, before taking a couple of steps towards her with a faint whine. “He’s still Uncle Sherrinford, Angel,” John said, standing behind him now, one hand on the doorknob, the other attempting to restrain an all too excited Sherlock. The other wolf was a genius until you gave him a tennis ball, then it was all over. There were times that he wondered if his elder sibling wasn’t a were-labrador retriever instead of a werewolf.
Imogen laughed, a truly beautiful sound, as she agreed, “He’s certainly different, but I kind of like him.”
He swallowed, not sure how to breech the subject. The woman would understand doctor-patient confidentiality, so he opted to explain it in that way.
’ from Mycroft. He felt run-through, his heart seizing in the rejection that he still experienced with those that knew about him. Rising and moving to rush from the room as his world seemed to crash down about him, he apologized to the fine, Persian carpeting. “I’m terribly sorry.”
He smiled with tight lips, moving towards the full coffee pot, filling a mug to the brim and taking a large gulp of the scalding liquid. “Mmm. Ah,” he hissed, his tongue smarting in his overzealous first sip. “I had a lovely time.” He walked over to the table and sat down facing the mortuary. “I am hazarding a guess that not all of the residents of the Transitional Facilities would say the same.” He took another long draught from his mug before setting it down, his keen eyes watching Molly and Sherrinford exchange looks.
Beneath him, the other man relaxed, his heart rate slowing to a more reasonable pace and his breath deepening. He, as usual, had had a long day. Snuggling into the other man’s chest, as was his wont when he was on four legs, glad that he could do so. Glad that John allowed him to do so.
Opening the fridge, she saw a large dish of lasagna and a small note with instructions attached. “Thanks, Dad,” she murmured, turning the oven on to preheat before settling back to begin her school work. She had an hour or so to put in. Hopefully she could finish before her father got home and maybe, just maybe, she could get her ‘new father’ to Shift. She needed some serious cuddles.
The Turned Wolf twirled out of the room with a spin of his coat. “Keep me posted!” he called over his shoulder. “John!”
He shifted his gaze to the mirror, noting Sherlock’s jittery leg, bouncing up and down nervously. He wondered if the younger man was nervous about his proclamation to the young woman that her favorite dog was actually a man or if it was the usual anxiety that he felt as the Moon drew near.
She sat beside her father, her head leaning against his shoulder. “They’re so cute,” she breathed, smiling softly at the little Pack but especially at her uncle and his fiancée. “Don’t you just love being here, Dad?”
The man rubbed that back of his neck. “I have to allow them access to the transition facilities on the next Full Moon. Prove that you’re all harmless…or contained.”
The Change was swift, as usual, and he exited with his tail proud and erect. He met Mycroft on the stairs but passed him, not wanting to be reprimanded for his inability to spend lengths of time with their parents in his more talkative form. The British Government simply did not understand how painful it was for him. There were times that he was sure that Sherlock didn’t quiet understand either.
He snorted a chuckle before draining his mug. “Are you sure that Mycroft is the Holmes brother you want?” he teased as his eldest brother staggered into the kitchen, wiping sleep from his eyes.
Mycroft Holmes, looking surprisingly comfortable with a Browning in his hand, gave him a sharp nod and gestured to one of the side tunnels before pointing to himself.
The other man nodded, his fingers pulling and carding his Mate’s fur. With a quick nod, he exited the room and went back to 221C. “Evy!” he called, “Your father’s awake and he’d like to see you!”
There was a significant pause between them, their ears humming with the silence. The wolf broke it, taking a few more steps forward. “I am so sorry. I-I should have told you...”
“She doesn’t know about us,” he stated, knowing it to be fact even as a thrill of fear raced through him.
“Did I wake you up?” the girl whispered, concerned. He nodded once and tried to shrug it off, his lupine shoulders shaking awkwardly. “I’m sorry.” Wanting to show her that he was more concerned about her than about his lack of sleep, he put his front paws on the bed and gave her a gentle shove with his wedge-shaped head. “I dreamt of Wolves, Uncle Sherrinford,” she murmured, playing her fingers through his ruff. “I ran until they cornered me. They got Daddy and he tried to attack me.”
Not needing anymore reassurances, the powerful haunches bunched and the Lupus Sapiens leapt onto the bed, making the mattress sink under his weight. Slowly, Sherrinford nestled up next to her, his heat relaxing her body further as it called for sleep. With a smile, she carefully laid one twin against his flank and the other against his shoulder blade. Nostrils flared, his long neck snaked his wedge-shaped head around to his hip, sniffing the furthest twin before giving him a small lick and moving onto his twin. With a rumble, he nuzzled this one, really sniffing and licking him.
“You are the worst kind of dog, do you know that, Holmes? You are a mangy mutt. A disgrace to society. A gutter rat that no one would want if they passed you on the street, starving and bloodied.” Her uncle’s eyes narrowed. “Do you know what I do when I see one of those mutts in the streets?”
He plated his breakfast and took a seat at the kitchen table to begin what was inevitably going to be a very long day.
The woman smiled at him, her teeth flashing in a completely non-threatening way as only she could. “I’m not worried. I’m simply wondering.” The woman pulled the bacon off the stove and popped the toast from the toaster and placed them on the table with another sun-shaming smile. “Though I’ll hold you to it, Sherrinford. I want to know everything about you.”
A small uproar raced through the listening Wolves, fear filtering through their scent. He raised his hands again, this time as a means to silence them. “I will be with them all night, as will Mycroft Holmes, our main advocate in the government. If you do not wish to be observed, I suggest that you Shift and exit into your enclosures prior to sundown. They will be making the rounds shortly after that. I am hoping that you will join me in welcoming them and showing them that we are
“Good!” the mortuary stated, beaming at her husband as he helped her exit the passenger seat, greeting him with a kiss. “Thank you, Myc.”
“John.” He thrust his hand out, needing to read the case. The other man withdrew further, pulling the laptop to his chest. He glared, his upper lip twitching to reveal his blunt teeth. The soldier glared defiantly back, long used to his wolf-like tendencies.
“Because, Silly,” he twin said, crossing his arms over his chest protectively, “If Uncle Sherrinford is discovered, then people will be mean to him and to our new baby brother and we can’t have that! They’re nice!”
“Obviously.” He turned on the sofa, pulling at his dressing gown. “You think that this case is going to drag everything into the light. My family and it’s history, our...relationship, my status. You are worried about Evelyn, and rightly so. If she was left alone for some unforeseeable reason, she is only a child and leaving her with your alcoholic sister would be appalling. She could go to Mycroft and Molly, seeing as Sherrinford would be in the same boat as me, but, more likely than not, she’d wind up with my parents and neither of us want that.”
He growled, missing their play fighting instinctually, but rationally realizing that a fight would wreck the flat they were in and would terrify the little girl in the next room. Rumbling a bit, he raised his head and snapped lightly at the exposed neck, pressing his sharp teeth lightly to the skin. When he let go, Sherrinford licked under his chin, giving him dominance and telling him that he accepted his rule.
There was a large sigh. “It’s time. I’ll ask him but I’m sure he’ll agree. He’s been begging me to get out on the moor with him. I’ll see if this month is agreeable.”
Sherrinford, knowing her better than anyone else, gave her a small nudge. “Just because our family is growing, it doesn’t mean that we don’t love you, Evy. You will always be my favorite niece.”
“So long as the little one is not acting up, I’d love a run!” the teacher replied, holding a hand out to the arriving Thomas and Benedict, letting the Pup snuffle her fingers before he placed his head eagerly beneath her hand, ready for a pat. His twin, not to be outdone, wrapped his arms around her neck and gave her a sloppy kiss on the cheek before moving on to climb over Sherrinford and onto her lap.
Sherlock swung into the door behind him, making him grateful, for once, that his older brother was slightly anal.
The hysterical voice of her mother penetrated her eardrum. “Imogen! Have you seen the news?” The woman’s excitement was evident and her worry pulled to the forefront of her mind.
Her mobile rang shrilly, pulling her from her rampaging thoughts. She picked it up, noting the screen.
She was horrified, her eyes fixed on the telly and the only thing the news reporters seemed able to talk about. Her...well, she didn’t even know if he was her boyfriend...watching his strong, lithe body break itself into the furred form that she had never seen but had suspected. “Oh, Sherrinford,” she breathed, her hand over her mouth, her eyes wide and filled with unshed tears. “Why?”
A thinly-fingered hand joined his, teasing the small triangle ears. “How is he?” Molly asked, her face worried.
He chuckled as Molly huffed, “How he thinks I’m getting anywhere without his help is beyond me. The ultrasound machine had better be close by, Sherrinford, because Lord knows that I cannot make it very far.”
The Wolf trotted to his commanding officer and thrust his head beneath the hand eagerly, enjoying the praise. The detective inspector gave him a good pat before telling the man that he was allowed to Shift and go and that he’d see him in the morning, new kit waiting for him within the next couple of days.
Sherlock looked a bit taken aback, his eyes and nostrils widening before he allowed himself to wrap his arms around the slim girls body with a small smile. “Hello Evelyn,” he murmured, pressing his nose into the girls wavy hair and inhaling. “Thank you for cooking dinner. It is much appreciated.”
His sibling, thankfully, yowled as he pulled on his body and heaved with his haunches, trying to scramble into the car. Screams had split the air as the crowds attempted to disperse. The wolf’s body finally on the backseat, he sprang in onto the floor, yelling, “Gerald! St. Bart’s! As fast as you can!” John was working and would, no doubt, drop everything to save the man bleeding out before him.
“One can only hope,” his brother breathed, his large hand rubbing his son’s back in small circles, finally quieting the whimpers.
“Molly! Are you packed yet? We have to get the twins to London before noon if we’re going to make it in time for sunset!” He was shouting, pulling Nathaniel off his sister, attempting to detangle his fingers from her hair as she shrieked. “Nathaniel! Let go of your sister! This is inappropriate - act like the young man that we’ve raised you to be!”
“The same,” he replied, forcing a comforting smile to come to his thin lips. “Sherlock is still with him.”
The door swung open a few seconds later to reveal the imposing figure of Mycroft Holmes. “Sherrinford,” the older man intoned, “Thank you for coming.”
“The Kensington Initiative was voted down. Your rights will continue to be discussed this session, but there is hope that you’ll will no longer be seen as second-class citizens,” the auburn haired man replied, his tone light, given the circumstances.
“You don’t need to tell me,” he groaned, already feeling the stress creeping into his shoulders which threatened to rise to his ears.
. He inhaled slowly, noting the rather excessive amount of sweat that the man was producing along with his natural scent of cotton and ‘scentless’ soap.
The late morning found him curled around John, his Mate, who had wrapped them both in his comforter on the mattress that his parents and supplied. Despite the fact that he was curled around the smaller man, the doctor had his head resting against his chest, his own arms wrapped about his torso. The scent that tickled his nostrils contained traces of an activity that he rarely participated in and had never thought he’d be engaged in after being Bitten. Regardless of his canine attributes, namely his knot, his Mate had found the experience as pleasurable as he had.
The interaction continued, as the two men shifted subjects to the latest case that they were working, their voices going well into the night as she slept, dreaming of wolves. It was only after she woke in the morning that she realized that her father had not answered her question.
“Sleeping means that my body is recovering,” he replied, knowing that the doctor knew that. “But I am terribly sorry that I missed her. She is my favorite niece, after all.”
“This is important, Sherlock, or I would not be bringing this up right now.” He tried to keep his voice low and calm, knowing that his brother was on edge. He shifted a bit in his seat and gulped a large swallow of tea. “I am going on a date on Friday. I think that she may be my Mate.”
The man’s flush deepened. “I would love that,” he replied, shifting and rolling from the bed, the sheets tumbling away to reveal his toned physique. With a cock-eyed grin, the werewolf asked, “Breakfast?”
“We found him in the pound when he was much smaller,” Mycroft said, bending to scratch the top of his head like he would for any family pet, “He just kept growing. Probably got some mastiff or Irish wolfhound in him.”
. Inhaling deeply, he gathered his strength and wrapped a hand around the other Wolf’s muzzle, a dominance play. As the other man struggled, trying to shake him off, he growled, “Shift!”
. Sneezing the odors from his nose, he nudged the door open and trotted back through the flat. When he rounded the corner into the kitchen, he stopped in his tracks. The doctor was seated in his usual chair, his head resting in his hands.
“We’ll be fine,” her ex-teacher said confidently, leaning her head into her uncle’s broad shoulder. “They’ll grow up faster than we’ve ever imagined anyway.”
He traveled a bit further down the hallway, towards the doors and away from the people that were pouring out of his flat. He bit back a possessive growl. It would take several days to air the place out and rid it of their horrifically mingled reticence that were currently clogging his olfactory sense. He forced himself to sit and wait, his tail wagging expectantly even as he sneezed to rid his snout of their stench which had only grown worse with his Shift.
The flared nostrils of both the Wolves made him cock an eyebrow. John was already carrying his (illegal) firearm and had been for some time. The man was a soldier first and foremost. Old habits died hard.
His fingers played with the new scar. It fell on his right shoulder, across from the one that the doctor had given him beside his left shoulder blade and diagonally from the one given to him by Lestrade below his ribcage. He had seen many things leave scars on his Papa’s body - mistletoe and wolfsbane-laced weapons mostly - but he had never thought that simple bullet wounds would remain. Yet, remain they did. “Honestly, fine, John. Thank you for your attentive care.”
She couldn’t help but laugh with him even as her eyes teared up and her throat constricted. “How are you so calm right now? If I knew that I was slated to die, I’d be hyperventilating in a corner.”
Sherrinford moved to the door, leaning out. “The Pups are back,” he said, stating the obvious. “They’ll be wanting to see their new siblings. They haven’t seen them yet.” He paused, looking down at them. “What do you want to do?”
“I need a case, John. Something to take my mind off of this...this NOTHING!” Slamming the laptop shut, he rose and strode to the kitchen before beginning to pace.
“Well,” John said, a hint of finality in his voice, “This has been lovely gents but I think it’s time for bed.” He eased himself up to standing, not as limber as he once was, and offered a hand to his only child. “Come along, Evy.” His eyes, slate in his dulled Wolf vision, fell on the face of the detective. “Are you going to stay out?”
Any time the subject was changed, his father would hijack the conversation, rambling about the weather and the vacation that he and his mother were planning on taking to Surrey in a couple of months. At least the old man seemed pleased to have his family ‘whole and hearty.’ The same couldn’t be said about his mother, with her tight, quivering lips and her hard, narrowed eyes over her forced smile.
The look was killing her slowly, feeling like she was being guilt-tripped into telling the man what she had never planned to. “No. No I wasn’t planning on it.” She looked down at her hands, unable to look at those impossibly blue eyes. “I’m so sorry. You’ve been so open and trusting and I couldn’t do it, Sherrinford. I knew that once you found out about my family, you’d never see me in the same way.”
“Why can’t we just say that he’s our Uncle Sherrinford?” Lucy asked, so enamored with the idea of a man becoming an animal that she had yet to grasp the danger.
With a small, but tighter smile, her husband rose and walked across the floor in his stocking feet in his pajama bottoms and t-shirt. “Morning,” he intoned to the wolf who slipped by him, tail wagging slightly though his head and ears were rigid.
His fingers began flying over his key computer keys, his mind scrambling to find anything that stood out in its vaults in regards to mass killings that had seemingly shady reasons behind them. After all, the world’s knowledge of ‘werewolves’ was relatively recent. Discounting the old legends…Could there be merit to them?
He placed Thomas on the coverlet briefly as he Shifted. Leaping up to join his nephew and the woman he loved, he carefully arranged his rather considerable bulk so as not to disturb the two sleepers. His long body settled along the woman’s cool form, allowing his tongue to lap at the nape of her neck tenderly before he nudged the Pup closer to his side. The little one was quite the wanderer in the last few days, his legs becoming more sure. The last thing he needed was to lose Thomas off the side of the bed. Settling a bit deeper into the soft mattress and his lover’s side, Sherrinford allowed his eyes to briefly close.
did this?” the older man said picking up the pace and entering the house at a clip. The wall paper, old and from the 1970s, was faded and peeling from the walls. The floors were scarred, long scratches running the length, as if there were many dogs (
Sherrinford took a step back, surprised, dread settling into the pit of his stomach. “You think they’ve found a foothold in England?” he breathed, voice shaking with fear.
With another tight-lipped smile, the doctor slipped from his bedroom. He watched the shorter man go, realizing that John Watson was one of the strongest men that he knew, even if he wasn’t lauded for it. He had to be to keep up with the Holmes’. The Pup wriggled against his chest, readjusting his head so that he could listen to his slow, steady heartbeat. “Your Uncle John’s quite remarkable, Thomas,” he murmured, stroking the top of the fuzzy head with one of his thumbs, realizing how tiny his nephew truly was, “Don’t let me or anyone else forget that.”
Mycroft walked to the cribs, fingers brushing chubby cheeks, a soft smile playing at his lips. “I’ve condemned you all. The Law - it was my own idea and I’ve watched my family suffer for it - you’ve been fighting everything that you are to fit within it. And now you’ll end up living your life in a cage. I’m so sorry, Sherrinford.”
, which was everything her family had wanted and more. Despite being the last to realize Lupus sapiens existed, the UK had the best and most forward-thinking laws regarding the species. And she knew that her family would continue to make it so.
Sherrinford sighed. “That is easier said than done, but I should be able to figure something out within the next few days. Let Lestrade know that I will do it but on my terms. I need a clean facility - beyond clean - no chance of someone staking a claim on it. I need a list of all K13s that are participating, as well as access to their Shift and medical records. I will need some small medical waste, which I’m sure Sherlock can provide. And I need tennis balls and steak. Lots of steak.”
He shook his head, watching the woman pour about half a bottle of milk into her mug. “None. Thanks. I’m just used to drinking it straight out of the pot these days.”
), scanned the chat pages. The last hit was well over three months ago - well before the Lupus sapiens murder. “Nothing!”
Ignoring any type of social convention, the Alpha shifted to look at the woman he was currently crowding and allowed his eyes to rove up and down her slender, petite frame, ignoring the hand. A growl did rumble about is his throat then, but it was thankfully covered by the noise of the Red Lion patrons. “Do you know the type of people who frequent this pub, Ms. Crowley?” the detective asked, leaning in a bit to scent the woman discreetly, nostrils flaring.
“Where?” Sherlock was brusque to say the least, his strides eating the ground between the cab (Where he’d left John to pay - again) and the run-down house. Someone had not had a very good New Moon, apparently.
Leaping from his leather chair, he stormed to his mobile on the coffee table and quickly typed in: NEED TO TALK. - SH
He nuzzled the area in response, trying to calm the thrashing child when he caught an interesting and surprising scent. It was faint, blocked by the perfume of Molly and Mycroft, but it was there. Forest. Suddenly, the thrashing made more sense.
The return of his car to Downing Street did little to settle his worries or his rushing thoughts. He slipped from the back seat, giving his driver a small nod of gratitude and quickly entered his home. The children, minus the babies, were at school. Molly and Sherrinford were no doubt busy with the new twins, running a tag-team operation that allowed one of them to rest and get away during the day.
He grinned, his teeth flashing villainously. Smashing the dish against the wall, he used one of the sharper edges to slice the bug out of his neck. The pain was surprisingly dull, his mind already shifting to higher instincts. The fiercely bleeding wound would heal the instant he gave into the Shift anyway.
“We are ready for you, Dr. Holmes,” an aide stated, a small, flirtatious smile on her lips. He gave her a smile in return as he strode through the door as the woman ushered him towards the room. He paused in the doorway, fixing the aide in his steady, calculated gaze. “Everything is as I asked?”
“Yes, yes,” the detective insisted, waving the statement aside, “We know that part already. What is the rest?”
Sherrinford smiled, lips firmly closed. “Thank you for insisting that this would be a good idea, Eddington. You’re right. It is.” He gestured with his hand. “Please, take you time Shifting. I know that it can be distressing to Shift outside the Moon.”
The twins laughed, their fright, he hoped, forgotten, and the mood became considerably lighter. “Now children,” his brother intoned, “If you have friends over and Uncle Sherrinford is a wolf, you need to pretend that he’s our dog - Jack. Can you do that for us?”
The pause over the line made her hold her breath. “I assume your mother’s spoken with you about him?”
when subject to the Laws in place at this time? Or would you feel different - a pariah or an outcast in what you once called your community? When I was asked about this debacle, I had to place myself in the shoes of my patients. I ask that you do the same in this debate and please remember that there is no right or wrong side to be on, so long as your decision is informed. Thank you.”
After the lab tour, the sun had set and stars were appearing through the thick-paned windows and the crowd turned towards the apartments. He could feel the Moon rising towards the horizon and he allowed himself a rather wistful glance out the window. The night of the Moon was usually when he was free to be himself, but he was going to miss his freedom tonight. He had missed it when he had been boarded, the headmaster locking him into a closet or the spare gymnasium, and a few times when he had been hiding at university. Since his final graduation, he had had every opportunity to take a train to the country and run. Tonight, he was going to be on a tight leash, even if it wasn’t literally.
Immediately, the young woman’s utensils were placed on her plate with a bit of a clatter. He winced. “Yes!” she exclaimed, standing up and pushing her chair back. “Are we going now!?”
The older man inhaled deeply beside him, his arms and legs pulling them tighter as his morning arousal grew, pressing against his own. Bleary blue-grey eyes blinked at him as slightly chapped lips curved into a smile. “G’morning.”
“I’m a detective,” he replied, hiding his identity as one of them by revealing his profession. “I was put on the Stevenson case.” He flipped one of Lestrade’s ID’s out and flashed it before stuffing it back into his Belstaff. “We know that he frequented these trivia games. The barkeep says that he played with you.”
“Have a nice day,” the doctor said, waving as the black cab pulled back into traffic. Sherlock’s nostrils flared, a brief thrill of jealousy rushing through him before he quickly squashed it down.
Trying not to favor the ‘bumleg’ from Afghanistan as he thought about the Bite, he limped slightly into the sitting room and sunk onto the well-worn sofa with an elongated sigh. Life was speeding on, he realized. Not only his own life, but he had a daughter who was currently pulling delicious smelling garlic bread from the oven.
The man leered at him in his Mind Palace, taunting him over his inability to beat this petty Lupus sapiens Hunter.
He captured her lips with his, fervently pressing his thin pair to those beautiful, giving full lips of the woman he loved. His body started to become aroused as her scent, so full and luscious, surrounded him and he longed to remain in that moment. It was instantly broken, however, when the Pup released a broken yowl, announcing his remaining hunger to the world. Reluctantly, he pulled away as Thomas released another whimper. “I’ll be right back. I promise.”
, Molly mouthed, noting that the baby in his arms had quieted. She pressed a gentle kiss to his lips before they were pressed onto Benedict’s head. She made her way down the hall, stopping to give her other son (who was now curled into a ball at her brother-in-law’s side) a pat on the head.
) sat next to each other, hands unconsciously wrapped around each other, their fingers intertwined. John rested his head on his Mate’s shoulder and Sherlock rested his curls on the top of John’s greying head.
His younger brother continued, “Besides, her mother has asked for my pelt. She’ll only attack me when I’m in that form.”
Pressing another kiss to her aching forehead, he murmured, “I’ll be back shortly. I’ll send John in here to check on you. I am, after all, not a human doctor.”
He wondered, not for the first time, if using his backer as a means to escape was a good idea. They were, after all, ancient enemies. But, he had provided something for the backer that hadn’t been there before, so maybe he was owed for his services. Once he left this blasted box, he could get back to doing what he did best: Turning unsuspecting targets. And, hopefully, taking out those bloody Holmes boys.
The dark brown Wolf was off like a shot, joined by his nephew in their chase across the moor and out of the facility. Her soon-to-be aunt took a few awkward running steps before thinking better of it and looping back to walk with the mere mortals and the Alpha of Baskerville.
“BOYS!” Mrs. Hudson shrieked up the stairs, “Stop your racket at once! Connie Prince is on the Telly!”
“Shut up, Sherlock!” his mate yelled again, his wooden spoon banging into the metal sink on the third floor.
“What!?” he yelled, stopping and picking up the radio, panting into it breathlessly. “What did you say?”
Sherrinford was currently sitting in the nursery, watching the babies fall asleep, their chests rising and falling in perfect synchronization. He could wait for his eldest brother, knowing that his steps would eventually lead him to the children. From the sound of the weighted foot steps, he would be in the nursery momentarily.
He swallowed, shifting his gaze to the fine French carpeting at his feet and tipping his head to the left. “There is something that I think you will want to know,” he murmured, biting his lips anxiously.
Knowing that the other man would have heard him, he spun into the pub behind his date. Imogen beamed at him, her teeth fully out, making him flinch internally while he inhaled her intoxicating scent. Along with the reticence of at least seven Lupus sapiens.
He blinked, failing to see how it was important or relevant. He wore his tags. They hung heavily about his neck, warmed by his above average body heat and filled with secrets and responsibility. “And you’re saying that the killer wouldn’t target us - any of us - because our status is not public knowledge. Wait!” His eyes widened, realization sinking in. “The Registry is
“I have gone to the market - and the butcher! - when I was living here alone.” He hated being seen as an incompetent adult when, in fact, he simply didn’t want to waste his time with the mundane. And, in all honesty, if his favorite butchery delivered, he’d never set foot outside the flat except for level 10 cases, ‘mandated’ trips to Baskerville, and the occasional jaunt through the park.
Blind, his blue eyes closed in this form, the little one stumbled, gathering his stubby legs beneath him. The baby fell, tripping over his new mobility, into his stomach. He grunted but made no other complaint. The little one would need his closeness in his vulnerable state.
“Welcome back to the land of the living,” the soft voice of Mycroft Holmes drew his attention, his ears swiveling and pulling on his head. He opened his eyes, displeased to find that his vision was fuzzy.
Lucy’s eyes widened further, focusing her intense concentration and a surprising amount of admiration on him. “How did you find out about the men, Uncle Sherrinford?”
He stretched, his back popping as he rolled from his side to his stomach. Resting on his elbows, he smiled at the woman beside him and brushed some of her hair from her cool brow. “He’s my nephew. And he’s like me.”
The door behind her opened, allowing the slim body of her youngest uncle to slide into the room. He smiled, lips pressed together as usual, and gave her a little wave before turning to greet Ms. Crowley. She noted his nostril flare was well as his sudden eyebrow raise. His blue eyes widened briefly before he composed himself and offered a hand to her teacher with a tight lipped smile.
“He has,” he replied, rising from the bed to gather a pair of cotton pajama trunks and a ratty t-shirt from his closet. “He’d have to. I’m absolutely famished and I’ve simply been lying in bed for the last five days.”
The new thought was a good one and so he called it out to Mycroft. “Also, make a note that he should come to Baskerville the day after the Moon so we can begin sessions. Same with any Lupus sapiens that see time as Wolves in the field. We want this project to succeed, which includes their mental states.”
The New Moon was surprisingly difficult to bear. He was, admittedly, more jittery and on edge than usual for obvious reasons.
“But how did he do that Dad?” Lucy whispered, eye huge and shining, “How did the bad man become a wolf?”
After a blissful moment, he released the sign of affection and breathed, “Thank you. Today would be too long to wait to do that again.”
The other man looked up at him, his eyes widening with surprise. Despite being his Mate, their lack of a marriage certificate had kept the word ‘family’ from applying to John for years now.
John had arrived home early and thrown his telly on, blasting the volume until he was sucked from his Mind Palace. “What?” he hissed, his eyes flashing to his Mate before hearing the reporter.
He watched the lean younger man eye him almost warily before he sat, legs spread, across from him. His brother gave a small wriggle, as if getting comfortable, though they both knew that that was not the case.
The policemen were anxious as they shuffled in, hands stuffed in pockets and nostrils flaring. Their Pack lines became evident as heads cocked, noses raised, and teeth were exposed. It was fascinating to watch, even though he had grown up watching interactions such as these on the Continent. He missed it, he realized, the feeling of being surrounded by those that were like you but with their own families and ‘political’ alliances. Being part of Sherlock’s odd Pack was a small bit of what his life could be if he was open about who and what he was. But he was loyal to his family and he could not do such a thing, not unless it came out on its own.
The doctor snorted. “She knows. And besides being worried sick, Evy’s alright. She’s keeping up with her schoolwork and trying not to drive Sherlock and his anal ‘case mindset’ crazy.” The greying man rolled his eyes. “He came home after the second day and locked himself into 221B. I don’t even know if he’s eaten anything since.”
“Good Morning, Imogen,” he replied, pushing the button to speak to her, “It’s Sherrinford - Sherrinford Holmes.”
“You look for tags.” The young woman blushed. “I asked my Dad if he was one because I saw his military tags.”
As the Pup settled into a nap, lulled there by his even strides, he opted against bringing him to Sherlock. The older man would simply wake him up again, obsessing over the measurements he’d been taking since his first Shift. Thomas, as much as anyone within the Downing Street abode, deserved rest, too. His door gave way gently under his palm, revealing his Mate to his eager eyes. She was beautiful, her ebony hair fanning about her head, making her complexion appear quite pale. It was a bit disconcerting even though he knew that there was nothing wrong. Imogen was resting comfortably and she would wake up soon, he surmised.
difference, then, please, train me with the dogs. Or, better yet, get Holmes to do it. If he instituted a program on Moon nights, he’d get all the K13s to sign up. He’s respected in both communities and he knows what we’re capable of.”
“Sherlock,” Sherrinford’s baritone murmured, “I need to run the final checks on my patients. I’ll meet you back here?”
“Good morning.” His elder sibling had apparently reverted to his two-legged form. He yawned, revealing his impressive teeth.
The streets were bare, which was probably a good thing. After all, they didn’t want the general public sweeping the pair of them off the streets and into a pound or shelter. They wore tags: both on the collar and on their hidden chain. Normal humans, however, were rather dull in his expert opinion, and they would probably not check the tags. Or, worse, if they did, they could discover the Holmes family secret, which he did not want out in the open.
Sherrinford sat at his side, his eyes closed though not asleep. His mind was, no doubt, working. This afternoon, night, and tomorrow morning were the busiest of his month and he would be ‘losing’ part of tonight to his four-legged form.
“You know,” she breathed, her eyes snapping up to meet those beautiful, sky blue orbs. Her stomach was a roiling mess, sinking towards her toes and rising to choke her like a vice.
“I have a feeling that I won’t be telling her. At least, not yet. I have to discuss it with your Uncle Sherlock first.”
“You couldn’t bring your own clothes?!” Sherlock was hissing rather obnoxiously, the door to 221B closing firmly behind him but not loud enough to arouse the fitfully slumbering Pup upstairs. The older man sniffed audibly before growling, white teeth flashing.
His Mate simply shook his head. “Whatever, Sherlock. Let’s just go.” The man pushed by him, his frustration apparent.
The action unsettled the Pup, who squawked indignantly before snuggling closer. “I am feeling much better,” he replied, pulling back and taking a seat again on the couch. “And I am so glad that you’ve come while I’m awake. I’ve missed you.”
“Well, he seems like quite the charmer. So handsome. It’s a shame...” Her mother’s voice dropped. “Your uncle thought that there had to be at least
“Nah,” the short man responded as other shook their heads. “Stevenson was our Omega - he got along well with everyone.”
It was a sweet release now, his bones breaking beginning with the left arm and traveling along his body. He could feel his neck and tail elongating, his ears migrating up his head and his strong jaws and sharp nose thrusting forward. He whined through his sharpening teeth as the feeling of millions of thick, coarse hairs sprouted from his pores, creating his fur pelt.
Unable to respond verbally, he nodded, nuzzling the scent gland behind the older man’s ear with a soft whine. “So…to put it bluntly, I’m becoming undeniably attracted to you,” the doctor said evenly, his roiling emotions only evident in his scent. He nodded, already aware of the man’s growing attraction (
He stopped, standing beside his Mate, brow tilted inquisitively. “I like the sound of that - What is it?”
“Evy!” he shouted happily, pulling the slim form of the young woman into his chest. He noted that the young man scented her lightly, inhaling along her hair line lightly before placing a tender kiss to brow. “How are you, Beautiful Girl?”
He spent the next three and a half hours listening to the distant mutterings and growls of his patients while talking about each one of them with his eldest sibling. He felt as if the hair on the back of his neck would ever lay flat again but he soldiered on. His people, after all, needed protection even if they didn’t accept him as he was.
“Wait!” He paused in his retreat, the hair on the back of his neck rising as he felt two pair of eyes focus on him. “How can you tell?”
The woman shook her head. “I can’t,” she whispered, “Not with a Pup. Too dangerous.” Her hand traced the globe that was her abdomen. “We’re using a midwife and having a home birth. It’d be great if you could keep the twins busy during...I can’t have them running about like the little terrors they are. Too stressful.”
He sighed walking away, already nervous and worried and, honestly, overwhelmed by the amount of stimulation his senses were receiving in his human shape. He was unused to the large amount of Wolves in one location. Baskerville had been his domain fourteen years ago. Now it barely held his reticence.
“Now that the reunions are done...” he attempted to interject, not used to being lower on the totem pole than Sherlock, much less Sherrinford.
The Wolf, tail stopping to stand nearly erect, trotted away from the scene, his nose pressed to the pavement. The detective followed, his own nostrils flared wide.
He grinned, his teeth slipping out before his lips pressed together again. “I fear that I’ve been splattered by much worse than ink, though my patients are usually less verbal than the people you deal with on a daily basis. I don’t know if I could deal with young teenagers. All the hormones...”
“Not yet,” he muttered, hesitantly shooting Sherrinford an apologetic look. The other man raised an eyebrow at him even as his cheeks flushed with embarrassment, displeased by his reaction. “What are your plans?”
He gave the wall a small nod, figuring that his elder sibling could probably see him, and continued on his way, finding Molly lying with her feet up on a settee in the sitting room where he had first broken the news of the Pup. “Hello Molly,” he said cheerfully, smiling brightly. “How are you today?”
He nodded, leaning back so his butt waggled back and forth in time with his tail. Sherrinford chuckled at his antics, scratching his ears. He nipped at the other man’s wrist playfully, nicking the skin. “I hope you were planning on company,” his younger sibling said, watching the silvery mucus ooze from the small puncture wound before pulling his shirt off. Reaching into his pocket, he placed his collar around his neck, and yanked his jeans off.
It was something that he desperately wanted now, his feet pounding the pavement as he chased the perpetrator through narrow alleys and on rooftops. He really was getting too bloody old for this.
The statesman didn’t look at him, his eyes following the furred form of his youngest brother as he trotted about the crime scene.  “Precaution. And, apparently, it’s a calming mechanism. When they’re this little, feeling protected by a Pack member is key to getting the baby back to it’s human state and logic.”
He bit back a growl, resenting being called a ‘her.’ But then again, his youngest niece and nephew did not know about the Wolves, much less that two (
The teen was caught among her plaid sheets, her limbs wrapped uncomfortably in the materials twitching and tugging as she whimpered, “No! Stop! Please!”
“My pleasure,” he replied, exiting the nursery with his precious cargo and heading down the hallway. Thomas, sensing his closeness, Shifted and snuggled into his chest, his little nose working even as his toothless mouth opened in a wide yawn. The sight brought his own desire for Pups to the fore but he quickly forced it down again. Some things took time and had to wait. Procreation, at a time like this, was one of them.
He couldn’t stop pacing. He never could when he knew that his baby brothers were running about the moor. While his Werewolf Registry protected wolves when they ran free, it was public knowledge that the Turned remained in captivity during the Moon. To find a Wolf running free would stir national, nay international, panic and for it to be discovered that it was Sherlock and Sherrinford Holmes, the trouble-making brothers of Mycroft with his
“This is like Christmas! I’m going to be the only person in my class who’s actually going to meet Wolves and see them up close! Do you think they’ll let me watch them transform?” She turned away from the window briefly to meet her father’s blue eyes.
He was not entirely pleased to have the woman here, in his quasi-private apartment, with his brothers, John, and Lestrade. He was glad, however, that he had insisted on keeping the flat near St. Bart’s, Molly’s old place before their marriage. He definitely did not want this woman - a
After a bit of sniffing (the metals of the pans were easy to pick out amongst the clutter of the cabinets while the spatula was less easy to discern), he set about scrambling a dozen eggs, making toast, and sizzling bacon. The feather light tread of the woman that accepted him tickled his ears, making him smile, his lips twitching.
“I need a case!” The brunette was not having any of their rather firm doctoring. “Get me something! A level three will do!”
Sherrinford cocked an eyebrow. His Alpha sibling knew as well as he did that Thomas, and any of the Lupus sapiens, were not dogs. They were wild animals with refined, human logic.
The man appeared before her, a sad smile on his handsome but haggard face. His larger hand covered hers. “
he wondered, setting his small suitcase on the bed and pulling his clothes out of it. The closet was large enough for him to walk into, making his meager clothing look rather sad in comparison to the space.
He squinted a bit against the dull bulb above them, watching Imogen Crowley take a tentative sip from her teacup, her body leaning towards the lithe form of his youngest brother.
The younger man sighed, shaking his head, “Where Dr. Holmes is the head researcher and veterinarian for them...for us...”
“Away from the River House, I see,” the man continued, ignoring his statement. “Coming to protect your
when he’s dealing with other Wolves or with family or Pack. He’s an oversized lapdog any other time.”
Something warm, comforting, and smelling distinctly of forest,various chemicals, and take-away, pressed against his back and nuzzled his ears. He grunted, unable to do much else. While his head felt heavy, his body was weightless, almost as if it didn’t exist at all.
The twins were dropped off at 221 Baker Street, their short helicopter ride with John, Sherlock, and an extremely excited Evelyn had concluded, and now they were driving up to Baskerville. Evelyn had been there before, when she was three and her father had learned to truth about Sherlock, but she did not remember. Her nose was pressed to the glass, drinking in every last tuft of grass and bend of the stream that ran through the moor. Her father had told her that she could come to observe some werewolves, as that was what her latest school project was about. What she did not know was that those werewolves would be her two uncles, letting the thirteen year old into their tight circle of confidence.
He watched the slender man slide into one of the seats across from him. He looked wary and nervous. “What can I help you with, Eddington?”
“Are you staying furry?” his Mate breathed, pulling his jumper about his chest, covering a bit of their mingled scent with the smell of wool.
Something stung him in the left flank making him yelp and spin. The tranquilizer dart was potent, working quickly, turning his limbs to lead. The crowd around him was in an uproar but seemed to grow quieter as darkness glazed over his eyes.
He breathed a short sigh of relief when Mycroft’s slightly less than perfectly put together head shook. “Not yet. Sherrinford says that he’ll hopefully only Shift around the Moon, like a new Wolf. Three nights and two days. He’ll be entirely in Sherrinford’s keeping then. Too dangerous, though I’m sure Molly won’t agree with that.”
“Well,” he handed the other man the hungry Pup, “You won’t be bored for long. He’s antsy and quiet hungry. Have fun!”
Molly raced into his arms, the crying Benedict held to her chest. “I couldn’t calm them down. I couldn’t! They hate me! I’m a horrible mother! I can’t even keep my sons happy!”
Her feet led her back to Baker Street along their tried and true route, weaving in and out of various levels of foot traffic and automobile congestion. Going to school, as much as she enjoyed the variety, was becoming harder to do. Her father was dealing with an enormous workload while trying to play it off like nothing was happening, though he was never a talented liar. Sherlock was going crazy over the case because it effected him more than he’d ever tell anyone, his nose pressed to the grindstone. He was after it like a dog after a bone because, despite hiding it deep down, he was scared, making living with him rather impossible. It made her wonder how and why her father had put up with it for years and years.
“Of course it’s alright with me!” the woman exclaimed. “I’m so glad that you’re keeping in touch with her, Sherrinford. You deserve to be happy.”
“I was afraid that you would never want to see me again,” he stated, his voice carrying a significant amount of weight. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. About me. I-I thought that you’d stop seeing me…or expose me…And I couldn’t risk that…” He released a humorless chuckle as he rubbed the back of his neck, pulling at the dog tags there. “Of course, I did this to myself, so…”
She was crying in earnest now, hiccuping as she inhaled shakily. “Yes, yes. I love you, Sherrinford. I’ll have you - any future with you is better than anything without you.”
221B smelled distinctly of his brother, his mate and Pup, though more like Sherlock than anything else. He skittered a little bit, uneasy surrounded by another Alpha’s musk but only allowed his hesitation to stop him for a moment. He needed his lips and so encroaching on his Alpha’s territory was a necessary evil. Calling his Shift, he quickly found himself squatting on the thin carpet in the living room of 221B. Shivering a bit in the cool air blowing from the cracked door, he padded through the flat to Sherlock’s bedroom and snatched the closest robe, a navy silk creation, and threw it about his lithe form before exiting the flat as quickly as possible. Sherlock would not be pleased that he was there, and wearing his clothes besides.
She hissed, rocking back and forth between two steps, as another contraction seized her whale-out-of-water frame. Sherrinford leaned heavily into her, rocking forward and back on his legs to match her shifting weight, whining loudly, his eyes soft but attentive, focused on her. As the pain eased, she murmured, “Thank you,” and pulled her brother-in-law into her in a quasi-hug. The wolf responded by nuzzling her thigh, his warm breath easing some of the tension that she didn’t know that she had.
“I’m sorry, what?” John queried, looking up from his reading, the newspaper crinkling as their eyes met.
“Sherrinford?” he murmured, knowing that, if the younger man was awake, he would hear; his hearing was impeccably sharp. “My office, as soon as you are able.”
“We’ve got a missing persons case. Apparently a corpse was changed out before a funeral, the family wants to know where their grandfather’s body disappeared to.”
, he registered, the word popping out at him from the man’s medical charts as well as tickling his nose.
John shook his head, gripping his side as he continued to chortle. “I never asked you to buy milk! Let’s face it, Sherlock, you never go to the store!”
Gathering his authority about him, the British Government turned to face the Wolf beside him. “Come with us for a bit, Sherlock. I am sure Sherrinford would appreciate you being there when he comes to.”
Stuffing the rather large sandwich into her mouth caused the pair of them to laugh. Sherrinford had mustard on his chin and she could feel grease all around her mouth, but, somehow, she felt perfect in that moment of complete happiness.
“Thanks,” his younger brother intoned, tilting his head slightly to the right and heading out the door, his steps retreating up the stairs to apologize for missing the dinner provided by his niece and to beg for the remnants.
The young man entered, looking a bit sheepish but not at all surprised. He paused at the entrance, shaking Lestrade’s offered hand before rubbing the back of his neck and tilting his head to the left. “Thanks for doing this, Dr. Holmes, Mr. Holmes, Detective Inspector. For giving us a chance,” he murmured.
Molly was truly his better half, his ‘Mate’ as his brothers would refer to her, and he loved her dearly. At forty-two, she was still stunningly beautiful. Her hair had started to have hints of silver play through it and her laugh and smile lines were permanently accenting her lips and eyes, showing her years of experience and her wealth of knowledge. He couldn’t imagine that he had once deemed love and sentiment a sign of weakness. Molly showed him that love was strength.
Sherlock was not charmed. “No buts. That is when their instincts are closest to the surface and their human rationale is at it’s lowest. Too dangerous for you, and for them.” Her uncle turned back to the window, concluding the conversation. “Not to mention that they are all grown men and you are a thirteen year old girl and they usually transform
The Lupus sapiens nodded, looking at his lap. “I understand but why bring in a ‘specialist’? -I just want to help, sir. I
“Um...” Imogen flushed, caught in the odd heterochromia of the older man, “People who like trivia?” He could see her flush under the other man’s scrutiny, diverting her gaze submissively. God, he thought, brow furrowing,
He turned towards his buildings - his home, knowing that Mycroft and Molly would follow. Even though so much was hanging over his head, it felt good to know that he was back at Baskerville, doing what he truly loved doing. No murders. No impending courting ritual and mating (He hoped). Of course, he had to deal with all of his patients, each with their own problems but that was nothing new.
The blue eyes of his younger sibling rolled. “I feel like I have little to contribute to this, seeing as I have never lived a ‘normal, human’ life. I am proud of who and what I am. I’d proclaim it from the rooftops if I knew that my family couldn’t be harmed by it.”
He shook his head. “It’s nothing bad, I swear. It’s just...” He bit his lips and tipped his head to the left, feeling the tags shift along his chest, an idea popping into his mind. “I need to be honest with you, and, if it comes back to bite me, then so be it.” He inhaled, gathering his courage. Imogen’s beautiful brow furrowed in confusion, her mouth slightly ajar as a glint of a tear hung at the corners of her eyes.
“Thank you, Sherrinford,” Mycroft said, his face composed into a genial mask, “Now, seeing as it could be anytime, what do we need to know about the birth?”
The door opened to reveal her mother. She was a powerful woman and her outfit for the evening revealed that. Her greying hair was pulled back from her sharp, severely pursed face. The woman’s thin lips, however, left their lemon-sucking expression to fold into a grin that could only be called menacing. “Oh, hello darling,” she stated, her grin growing. “And this must be Dr. Holmes, whom we’ve all heard so much about.”
With that he turned towards the door, needing to see his Mate again, his animalistic urges going against his more rational thought screaming that Imogen needed more rest.
“I take offense to that, young lady!” her second father retorted, even as her dad laughed. The younger man growled, playfully nipping at his Mate’s neck to show his displeasure.
The dark-haired man’s nostrils flared, his mouth set in a grim line. “Wolfsbane and rubbish,” he noted into the air, not bothering to look at him. “Though I’m sure Eddington’s been by and told you as much.” He bent, pulling latex gloves over his violinist’s fingers. “Since we already know that he is Ernest Hampsted - Lupus sapiens, turned eight years ago, spends his Moons at Baskerville and has quasi-psychiatric appointments with my younger brother following each Full Moon, family doesn’t know and is species-ist/racist whatever we’re calling the people who view the Wolves as less than human - I’ll just examine the corpse for something beyond the obvious, shall I?”
He tried to nod but his head was so heavy, he couldn’t move it. A knowing hand rested on his side, well away from his injury, feeling his ribcage rise and fall. “Get better first. Bedrest for the next couple of days, according to the good Dr. Watson. Sherlock will get anything you need and Molly will bring Thomas in a little later. He’s fussy.”
“The list of people coming continues to grow, Brother,” the older man explained, his frustration evident. “We went from five to fifteen. Now it’s looking like almost thirty! That’s too many. There are Wolves that can’t handle that.”
Promptly an hour after hanging up with the man, the fluffy wolf appeared at her door. She had spent the last half hour scrambling to finish her grading and gathering ingredients for a simple dinner. When her buzzer had rung, she had some sausages and onions sautéing in a frying pan on her stove while she unthawed some kaiser rolls on her counter.
“No,” Sherrinford said from the doorway, his face a composed mask as he looked at the corpse of the man that he had Turned nearly a decade ago. “Wolfsbane has a strong odor. It prevents our sensitive olfactory scent from picking up anything else. Probably out of self-preservation.”
The little girl gasped, obviously oblivious to his presence until then, and then smiled brightly. “Sherlock!” she replied, pushing her chair back and running to him, wrapping her strong arms around his thin mid-section. He placed a hand on her back, rumbling faintly in his chest. “How’s the case going?”
“Anything you need to know?” Sherrinford asked, his gaze fixed on the man that would be his mouthpiece, “My files are on my desk, if you need refreshing about any of the patients.”
“Crystal,” Lestrade stated, giving him a sharp nod and rising from his chair. “I’ll rally the troops.”
Not turning around and not raising his head, he pulled the robe about him tighter as if holding back the emotions that were racing through him. “The symptoms: Obvious baby movement from one child at night - every night, as well as when around others of it’s kind; the scent is undeniable, unless you keep another Wolf around the house; the unmistakeable bat of a paw against my nose at the last Moon. You could use an ultrasound machine to confirm it, but I know already and I thought that you should too. To make the proper…accommodations.”
His younger brother laughed and he found himself snorting derisively. He was always fascinating and extraordinary - just ask John. Mycroft rolled his eyes and helped his pregnant wife sit, her back propped and supported by pillows.
The dark chuckle on the other end made her cringe. “Tomorrow afternoon should be fine, Immy,” the man replied. “We’re running tests in the morning. We haven’t had a natural born bastard in centuries!”
“Yes.” It was barely more than a grumbled breath. “Thomas is being particularly difficult. He bit Molly right before we left. Sherrinford said that it’s common - a way to ask for food besides crying. He’ll need to break that habit, though, before he loses any baby teeth.”
She placed a hand on his shoulder, causing him to jump a bit. “It’s not a problem!” she chuckled. “That’s why you’re the leading expert on the Lupus sapiens and I’m getting splattered by an exploding pen!”
Of course, the move had left him without clothing in the middle of London on his oldest sibling’s doorstep. Barking and scratching lightly at the back door (Where he would attract less attention from the passersbys), he prayed that Mycroft and/or Molly was at home.
“Dr. Holmes, I don’t want an insurrection on my hands! Letting these, admittedly, human Wolves form pack units is giving them a chance to band together against the establishment!”
His (thankfully) final testee, however, did what he had been dreading. After the Shift, the Wolf was so agitated that he snapped and lunged, spittle flying, at the men at the table. He had quickly intervened, stepping between the Wolf and his intended victims, wrapping his arms around the Wolf’s thick neck and latching onto the grey, triangular ear with his blunt, human teeth. The Wolf yowled, surprised and unhappy, struggling, kicking at his abdomen with his back legs. Using the advantage of his slightly larger size and his more agile form, he pinned the struggling being beneath him and growled, his teeth revealed in a snarl, inches from the Wolf’s face. The snapping jaws of the other Wolf flashed by his cheek, speckling his face and shoulder with the poisonous drool. Sherrinford tightened his grip, snarling fiercely before flashing his gaze up to the other two dumbstruck men. “Tranq!” he hissed pointedly through bared teeth, throwing his elbow into the Wolf’s windpipe, “NOW!”
“One can only hope,” he murmured, smiling a bit at the mortician’s happiness. “It seems like we’re going to be spending quite a bit of time together.” He pushed the ultrasound machine back and offered Molly a towel to wipe her abdomen. “We should get back to the flat. Sherlock will be…Sherlock.”
He nodded, letting his lips twitch into a small smile as the man’s left arm broke. His Alpha command had worked completely. Once the man’s Shift was complete, they’d get him out of there.
“You’re related to Kensington.” It was a statement of fact. Sherrinford was a brilliant man, she should have known that he would have figured it out.
He shook himself free from the remains of his shirt, socks, and trousers, his paws sinking into the plush carpeting of Westminster Palace. Noting that the security guards had sprung into action, he got to work. He scanned the chamber, finding Mycroft’s horrified face, and placed his paw on the mouse of his laptop, beginning his slideshow and revealing his story in front of everyone.
Not waiting for anything, he gathered his brother’s considerable mass into his arms, pressing the wounds into his chest. The action only earned him a whimper. The natural born wolf was fading. “Come on, Sherrinford,” he grunted, sliding out of the car and running, as best he was able under the added awkward weight he had cradled against his chest (and dragged along the sidewalk). “Help! We need a doctor! Get Dr. Watson!”
John, hands shaking slightly, handed the computer to him. “Every other request has something to do with ...with Lupus sapiens.”
“Me? Ridiculous?” he snorted. “What a notion!” He stopped, his ears pricking up at the sound of John’s steady and reliable footsteps on the sidewalk. “Get the bread out of the oven before it burns. Your father’s home.”
Crouching, he inhaled slowly through his nose and let go. His innards shifted first, twisting about within his chest cavity and abdomen before his bones began to break. It was no longer painful, and the entire process took less than a minute on nights like tonight, but he still released his breath in a soft whine, counteracting the ache that coated his entire body. Everything sharpened, except color, which dulled, and, finally, he was standing on the carpet, his claws digging into the fibers and his ears catching the final moments of his brother’s, and nearly five hundred other Wolves’, shifts.
His feet had brought him to the center of the floor where his laptop, complete with a powerpoint presentation sat, waiting, on the floor. He tugged a bit at his tie, loosening the knot even as the knot in his throat tightened. “Would you gentlemen and ladies allow me to slip into something more comfortable?” He didn’t pause, pulling the tie off along with his suit coat. His fingers flew along his buttons as he slipped his shoes off. He’d count the rest as a loss, and called the Shift.
Elizabeth beamed. “He’s doing well. Shifting right now, or he’d tell you himself. He got a promotion at work this past week. He’s a guard now. Isn’t that wonderful?”
Her huge blue eyes looked up at him as if he held all the answers in the world - which was usually the case, but not completely true in this instance. He sighed. “Sherrinford will be over shortly. I am hoping he brings answers.”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions.” He resisted the urge to shift in his own seat, wanting his youngest and most feral sibling to remain rational. “Also, the Yard is considering allowing Lupus sapiens to Shift for cases. Their mental retention upon Shifting needs to be determined within the week for the program to be initiated.”
Sherrinford smiled reassuringly. “Well.” He gave Evelyn a tender squeeze. “Children are typically very open and curious. It is their parents and teachers that breed prejudice. We, obviously, have no issues with Mycroft and Molly.”
“I think that you’re creating concentration camps for men who deserve to be treated as equal to the rest of us, my Lord,” he replied, his face trained and blank even as his worry and fury roiled in his gut. “Why do they terrify you so much? What did they do to you?”
Tossing the device back onto the couch, he traversed the living room back to his chair and threw himself into it. Regathering his laptop, he continued to search, knowing that he probably wouldn’t find anything. It simply wasn’t public knowledge. It certainly wasn’t Scotland Yard knowledge.
The footsteps of her aforementioned favorite uncle, neared and she turned in her seat in the grass to beam up at him. “Hello Uncle Ford! I was wondering when you’d be joining us.”
“Well, I’m free to go tomorrow morning - supposedly, so I guess I’d be planning something with my brothers. They are geniuses, after all. Ultimately, it’d be much riskier than simply turning myself in. After that point, well, we’ll figure it out. As for my relationship with you? I would visit, as promised, and hope to continue to cultivate our friendship until it became something more. Then I would have told you about all of this - about me and my past, with the hope that you’d see past a little bit of fur to become my Mate. In all things and in all ways,” he replied softly, a bit of wistful hope playing through his voice, adding richness to the timbre as his eyes sparkled, a soft smile playing about the corners of his mouth.
She couldn’t help but release the breath that she had been holding for the last three days. The only thing that the media (or anyone else for that matter) seemed to care about was the Lupus sapiens and their leader, Sherrinford Holmes. The image of his Shift in Parliament played through every segment along with the eye witness accounts of those that had visited Baskerville and the other facilities. Everything was as she expected it to be: sterile yet adaptable, rigid yet comfortable, safe yet dangerous. The Wolves had made a good impression and with it, an increased fervor behind those that supported them as human beings. Sherrinford had had a good deal to do with that she realized. After all, he stayed with the visitors through every step of the process, according to reports, even Shifting in front of them again, upon their request.
“Evelyn. I appreciate your concern but it is unfounded. Everything will be fine. Nothing is going to change.”
With a silent nod, Mycroft rose and exited, baring his neck submissively as he went, consumed in his own thoughts. No sooner than the elder Holmes had left, his Mate found his way to the door of 221B.
The old man smirked, his teeth flashing. “You are right. I take out my gun, and I shoot it dead. Right there. In the street.”
“He escaped a holding cell!” His temper was flaring. “Get to the point - who’s he the diversion for?”
Sherlock’s hackles rose and he growled menacingly, his younger sibling joining him right after. Apparently, they believed that England was theirs. A glob of what appeared to be flesh covered the drain in the floor, a little red light blipping on and off.
“To clarify: As painful as this is for you, I was five when you did this in front of our parents.” The man gestured to their napping nephew, an eyebrow cocking pointedly. “I had no idea, really, that Mother and Father had tried to make up for giving you up by getting a dog but I got the one thing that I really needed: a companion. It is not unimaginable that I was a rather solitary child.” A small, crooked smile twisted a corner of his mouth. “That Irish Setter helped me interact with the world around me in a new and wonderful way. Seeing Thomas like this, so…innocent, reminds me of my dog. And it reminds me of how lucky our family is to have you back with us.”
“Already out the door,” she gritted, bending over as another spasm rocked her body, making her lean against the door frame. “You could get the tub ready. I’d love you forever.”
“What was that about?” the voice of his niece reached his ears before her scent, garbled by those of the other humans in the hallway, reached his nose. She bumped her hip into his leg playfully.
His older brother coughed, “Yes, of course Darling.” The pair left, arm in arm. “We’ll stop by later to let you out.”
He was not surprised by his Alpha’s decision to remain in his furred form. It was incredibly difficult for him to keep his human form in the presence of the newest Pup, his instincts tugging at him to Shift and cuddle the defenseless child, even though Thomas wasn’t biologically his. The pull was, no doubt, just as strong on his brother.
Mycroft found himself barely suppressing a large yawn that morphed into a heavy sigh. “You want me to take Benedict or you want them both?”
The other man’s brow was furrowed and Sherlock rumbled, unhappy that he was placing commands on his Mate. Slowly, the doctor nodded. “That seems reasonable to me, Sherrinford.” The man in the bed looked past him. “Evelyn?”
“It will come to light eventually,” the other man said, wriggling in the chair again, his nostrils flaring.
“We will be having two beautiful and healthy baby boys,” Molly beamed, her cheeks flushing. “One of them takes after his uncles. Both of whom will help babysit on nights like tonight.”
“No,” the older man replied. “The family dog was a huge help.” Biting back the urge to growl at the statement, he huffed softly, hunkering back down outside the master bedroom door, head resting on his paws. Mycroft was protecting him and, through him, the family history and reputation.
The man shook his proffered hand and trudged from his office, the slip of prescription paper clasped in his hands like it was the only thing that was keeping him going. “I am
The man bravely met his gaze, the human’s composure in place despite the near feral concentration on his face. “I don’t see how all the evidence in the world is going to stop it, Sherrinford.”
He had been scanning CCTV cameras around the dilapidated building for what seemed like hours. Normally, he’d relegate this task to someone lower on the totem pole, below himself and even his assistant, Anthea, but he did not want word of the deceased werewolf getting out. He was also searching feverishly for any history of this man on the internet. What was he involved in? Where did he go when he wasn’t working or shifting?
The Wolf cocked an eyebrow muscle sarcastically but brushed by her anyway. She grinned, watching him trot over to her couch, grab the pink terrycloth bathrobe in his mouth, and made him way into her washroom, closing the door behind him. The teacher bit back a chuckle, finding his modesty cute, especially since his Shift was being televised globally on nearly every channel imaginable and probably would be for months to come.
Ms Crowley had stopped her after class, noting her distracted, daydreamy expression, and told her that she was there if she needed anything. It was nice to know that Ms. Crowley was willing to talk to her, but, in all honesty, she couldn’t tell the woman what she really needed to talk about. She was dating her uncle, kind of, but that did not make her an expert. She knew so much more than anyone else in her class thanks to living with a Wolf for her entire life, even if she hadn’t know it at the time. Ms. Crowley didn’t even know about her own boyfriend.
Unable to stop his instinct to comfort and protect, he crossed the small kitchen and pulled the small body into his arms. “Evelyn. Your Uncle Mycroft is never going to let any of those things happen. Besides, if they did, no one knows about any of us. Mycroft and his position in the Government are to thank for that. If we’re taken away, nothing can hold me. I’ll get us out and back to you. If your father loses his job, I am independently wealthy, everything will be taken care of. Sherrinford is a British citizen - he won’t be deported. Euthanasia is illegal and we look like humans for most of the month. They can’t legally put us to sleep like dogs.” The girl was crying in earnest now, her body wracking with sobs.
John’s hand closed over his arm, calming him even as his heart and mind continued to race. “Let him explain, Sherlock. It can’t be all bad.”
The wolves slipped beneath the gate, panting slightly at their exertion. Sherrinford looked pleased and content, but, then again, he viewed this form as himself, just furrier. Sherlock also seemed happy, glad to have had time on the moor. He had always liked the moor, ever since that first transformation.
“So…what is the master plan that is going to end this trouble with the Hunters?” Sherlock drawled, his face composed into an unimpressed mask despite the fact that he was definitely on edge. The small muscle twitch around the corner of his mouth gave him away.
Evelyn set the pot in the middle of the table without spilling a single drop. She beamed at him, quirking an eyebrow. “Yes, yes,” he exhaled. “You did a fine job, Evelyn. Your father will appreciate that you are learning to cook. It will save him some time.”
He smirked, tossing the mobile back on the sofa before heading up the stairs to 221C and the obviously upset teenager. Her books were littered across the table, crumpled papers and her forgotten backpack strewn across the kitchen tile. The faint smell of cheese and beef and tomatoes was wafting out of the oven, dinner beginning to cook. “Evelyn,” he stated, standing in the doorway, head cocked.
He inhaled sharply, reasserting his dominance with a growl. “Trevor Stevenson. You met and played trivia with him every Tuesday.”
“That sounds wonderful!” he replied. “Are your uncles home?” He could almost feel his ears straining for other sounds with no success. He bit back a disappointed sigh at the thought that Sherlock wasn’t home.
, he thought. “Sherlock and Nana are on their way, Angel,” he stated, pushing himself up from the couch with a small groan, his leg aching. “Are we almost ready? Do you need anything from me? Can I help?”
“Around a year old, give or take a few months. Then he’ll be a real terror if he’s anything like me!” The statement made his oldest niece laugh, her giggles filling to room.
Sherrinford eventually made his way home, well-past dinner, in his four-legged form. Mycroft had accompanied him, much to his chagrin and disappointment at the unexpected visitor. It wasn’t that he disliked his elder brother - they had reached an understanding years ago when he had first Turned. No, it was because the older man’s scent was becoming stronger as his twins’ due date was nearing and it was clinging to what seemed to be every inch of the sitting room and kitchen of 221B. He suppressed a growl, as the two men entered, noting that his younger sibling was trotting along happily, tail raised like a banner as it wagged jovially. The overgrown dog continued through the flat and into his bathroom, nudging the door shut behind him. “Sherrinford,” he stated in greeting, eyebrows raised at the closed door before he focused on his elder brother. “Mycroft. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
“Because she’s racist - speciesist, whatever they’re calling it these days. Hampsted’s one of St. Pierre’s, I believe, though he’s one of Sherrinford’s patients now.” His brow furrowed, frowning. “She’s being lazy. You just said it yourself: It’s public knowledge. I don’t see why that has anything to do with your being defensive and upset.”
He then went to the man’s current job and found no one there that fit the stature of the killer. He also found that none of the coworkers found him to be hard to get along with but they generally avoided him. A lonely existence outside of Baskerville and the Full Moon, apparently. If it hadn’t been for the obvious, he would have ruled the murder a suicide.
Imogen took the seat and watched the graceful yet predatory movement of the werewolf as he took his own seat. Smiling crookedly, he offered his empty plate to her. She smiled back, opening a roll, slathering it with mustard, filling it with onions and placing a sizzling sausage on top. “Bon appetit!” she sang, making the man flush as he brought the plate back to sit in front of him.
Sherrinford had hoped that the rest of the evening would go the same way. And, for the most part, it did. He had three that were simply too stimulated after the Shift to think completely rationally, unable to fulfill all the tasks laid before them. He had had another two that were simply unable to Shift outside the Moon, primarily due to their own insecurities and fears, and partially due to their lack of practice in doing so. And he only had one that ate the toe, making him glad that he had a spare piece of flesh courtesy of Sherlock and slightly concerned for the man’s mental health the following morning when he discovered that he consumed a human appendage.
It surprised him that it was Mycroft that had spoken, his eyes locked on those of his youngest brother. “We should run more thorough tests on the transformation center employees. They have access to all the information and a stronger desire to read it than most of the population, Sherrinford. Some know too much. Including who their charges are.”
“I was shot leaving my short stay in the finest penitentiary Britain has to offer - which I’m sure made international news, along with my release from hospital - so I can assure you that I am at least on their radar. More importantly, I know I am their next target because my killer came to visit me while I was incarcerated.”
The shock seemed to have worn off at this point, disgruntled and semi-shocked mutterings flitting around the vast chamber above him. The security guards, hands on their weapons, were simply staring, open-mouthed.
The gingery eyebrow cocked. “You realize that their faces will look quite different when I am discussing them with the visiting contingent of politicians.”
The emphasis on the word ‘pet’ made his skin prickle. One thing Sherrinford and Sherlock continually drove home was that they were wild animals. Wild animals that happened to have human logic and heightened emotions, but wild nonetheless. “I have a vested interest in the bill, yes,” he replied, gripping his umbrella tightly. “I have seen what my brother has done in his facility and others like it. The men live good, human lives with a one night exception, once every twenty-eight days. Logic states that men are men unless proven otherwise, Lord Kensington. I simply want to see that justice upheld.”
Oddly, as their yowling filled the yard, he missed the added harmony of Sherrinford. The younger man was still a relatively new addition to their Pack, but he helped make it complete. Not that he’d ever tell Sherrinford that.
“Unproductive,” he exhaled, still not a fan of pleasantries, “I hope that you do not have much schoolwork to do. We are needed at Mycroft’s.”
, Sherlock, think about the glory of it! Killing something that is defenseless is not going to bring any credibility to anyone. The closer to the Full Moon, the more glory one would receive.”
He turned the corner into their master bedroom to find his beloved wife sitting on the end of their bed, struggling to get off the squishy surface, her rounded stomach making it difficult for her to move. “Oh, goodness, Myc,” she grumbled, looking overwhelmed. “Thank God that you finally showed up. I’ve been trying to get up for the last fifteen minutes! How embarrassing.”
“Either way, let’s continue,” John said, leaning closer to his middle sibling even as Sherlock edged his chair closer to the soldier.
Spinning on his heel, he opened the cooler, pulled a strip of steak out (his own mouth beginning to water at the delicious perfume), and made his way to the Wolf. When he was a couple of meters away, he tossed Eddington the steak, which the Turned Wolf snatched out of the air with ease. As the bleeding meat was consumed, the Expert gave him the good news, hand extended. The Wolf snuffled the hand, watching him with his very human eyes, and ducked his head, allowing his ears to be scratched. Eddington’s leg jiggled, tongue lolling out happily. “Excellent job, Eddington. You will be issued a K9 vest and a collar to be worn at crime scenes when necessary. Congratulations.”
“Well,” John’s weariness was pushed to the background as his thirteen year old tugged him towards the kitchen and the table laden with her labors. “I guess we should eat, then.”
The Pup began to amble about on Imogen’s torso, tripping over his own feet as he continued to search for food, mewling all the while. The woman winced at the shrill sound even as her fingers continued to pet the little being. “And, as much as I love you and wish to remain here at your side, I should probably get him his bottle and give him to Sherlock. He’ll keep the insufferable git’s mind busy for an hour or two.”
His nostrils flared, allowing him to note the assembled Pack as well as those beyond. It was an odd, eclectic jumble of odors. Overwhelming but not unpleasant.
“No,” the natural born wolf murmured, stepping in and kneeling beside Stevenson’s body. “It is simply concentrated within this house, more specifically, this room. I’m guessing that the murderer had it concentrated in a bomb-like devise. It’s well-faded now, so the murder must have occurred hours ago. Maybe even yesterday.”
“Hello Benny! How are you?” she exclaimed, tickling the little boy. He giggled excitedly, his limbs thrashing.
He nodded and gave a soft yip, his eyes drawn to the ball. His tail, wagging furiously, pulled his back end off the floor in anticipation. With a small smile, the teenager tossed the ball back to him. He jumped catching it easily in midair. “Would you like to play?” she asked, giggling. He nodded, nudging John to open the door.
“He’s got to die, Immy,” her brother whispered, his hand winding through her hair tenderly. “They all do.”
As he took his seat and booted up his computer, he was unsurprised to hear the tread of large feet drawing near. Not bothering to look up, Mycroft muttered, “No use standing at the door. Come in. Close it behind you.”
The image that appeared on the screen made everyone pause. Wriggling within Molly Hooper-Holmes was what appeared to be a small dog-like creature, kicking it’s limbs and waving it’s head, complete with muzzle, about unhappily. He moved his left hand, the one still left on the pregnant woman’s abdomen. The image below the wand thrashed further, it’s body trembling back into a larger, more human baby. His vestigial tail was on full display.
“Sherrinford can certainly make time and should be present. As the leading expert in Lupus sapiens, he should run the testing of the retention of humanity. Now,” he rose swiftly, grasping his umbrella in his left hand, “If you’ll excuse me, I have work to do. Let me know when the results come in on the cigarette butt.”
His files had arrived and another case was built. Success stories were revealed within the pages along with tastes of great sadness. One thing he realized, whether it was through his own soul or his writing style or whether it lived within his patients, he didn’t know, but everything he read contained hope. It was that hope that he needed to carry with him as Monday loomed.
“Wow,” her sweet voice breathed as her hands came to rest on his back, rubbing it gently, “You weren’t kidding!”
“Fine,” he replied, his nostrils flaring and collecting all the scents of the various nooks and crannies of the old house. His mother, it seemed, had sequestered herself into the library, brushing through various books.
Turning, ears pricked at the soft whispers in the sitting room, the pair of Wolves stalked down the hallway to greet their Pack properly.
Rolling his eyes at the attempt at small talk, Sherlock guffawed. “Small talk, John? At a time like this? And asking someone ‘how’ their day was is a rather preposterous question. Instead, one should ask what they did and their feelings on the results of their activities.”
She set the flowers in their glass on the counter and turned back to the towering man in her doorway. “Thank you so much.” She beamed at him, noting that he flushed a bit, his lips pressed together in a wide grin.
The other man nodded, shifting a bit on the box, a hand over the towel, the tags on his collar, still latched about his neck, tinkling lightly. “So...I’d like to leave this rather confined space, if you don’t mind...” The young man looked at him pointedly, dropping the towel.
“Are you saying that there is a type of Lupus sapiens that can transform on the New Moon?” His stomach was sinking rapidly.
He nodded his agreement, chuffing happily. He had to agree with his Mate. He hated to be shut inside while the glorious Goddess of the Moon was hanging, full, in the sky. Being in the country gave him a bit of a reprieve from the drama that was going on. The stars danced above them and he flopped happily onto his back, his legs splayed awkwardly before he drew them into his chest. John joined him, laying beside him, his head leaning against his conical skull.
The wooden floor was cool beneath his body, but it was the best he could do for the moment. His instincts were roaring through him, knowing that the pups were so close, and he felt the need to protect the den. His humanity lurked about the edges, but, as he listened to the slop of water and the soft hisses that issued from the bedroom, he growled at himself, reminding the humans that he could not let anyone near his Pack.
His smile widened briefly. “I could step in for a few minutes. I’m just making the rounds before the Moon. Making sure everyone is comfortable.”
“She will. You know it and I know it. All thanks to my idiot brothers.” He shook his head before admitting something he’d never say again. “I’m afraid, John.”
“Long,” the older man sighed, running a hand through his grey hair, no trace of blonde left. The wolf inhaled, comforted by the reinvigoration of the scent of gunpowder and wool. “I hate flu season.”
He must have fallen asleep during Molly and Mycroft’s fawning over their newborn’s achievements, because the next thing he remembered was waking to find a more verbal Sherlock seated on the chair beside his bed. The man’s face was comfortably blank, but he had allowed a small twitch of a smile to play at the corner of his mouth. A ball of lightly-furred Pup snoozed beside him, pressed against his stomach, pink nose twitching.
“Sure,” he breathed, inclining his head and taking his leave, not wanting to impose on the husband and wife’s private moment together.
Averting his eyes, Sherrinford bit his lip in an effort to maintain his own shape as the sounds of Eddington’s Shift filled the gymnasium. The man’s voice cracked amid his groans, shifting to a soft yowl about ten minutes in.
“No, he certainly would not.” He flagged down a pub worker and ordered their drinks, picking up the trivia card. “Are you ready?” he asked, shifting their conversation away from his sibling, as his eyes followed the other man as he darted from table to table like a giant bat before finding the green eyes of the teacher again.
“Late next week, after we conclude our analysis of the Law, we will be holding a debate,” Ms. Crowley cut through her thoughts. “Please consider both sides of the argument carefully: Should there be laws governing the Lupus sapiens? Is the current Law fair, giving them equal rights to humans? And, most importantly, should they, as a species, be regulated? Please be sure to have research that backs up your claims. And, as this assignment falls after the full moon, I suggest that you think about what these men go through on that night as you prepare your arguments.”
“Done and done,” the DI stated, his mouth in a determined line, his arms crossing over his chest as he leaned back in his chair. “Date and time?”
Mycroft turned to look at him, his hand still tugging gently on his ear. “Hungry? I have jerky,” he asked quietly. He nodded, positively starving after his Shift.
“It can be done, for sure. Any Lupus sapiens in a Shifted form needs one, in case the Hunters take him elsewhere to dispose of him-”
The DI slowly, almost tenderly, pulled on the chain around the victim’s neck and released the tangle of tags.
” he asked, his eyes darkening dangerously, the Wolf flashing within them. “Repeat that again for me.
Mycroft, being the eldest and obviously most wanted son, had enjoyed a rather privileged youth, in his opinion. He, on the other hand, had been given away in less than forty-eight hours after his birth due to his genetic inheritance and rather poor control over the matter. His great uncle had been kind but gruff and his childhood had been spent primarily on the run from Hunters with the elderly man, a wealth of scotch, and a lot of territorial wolf fights. Escaping the home for school at age ten, even a boarding school where the head master, who asked no questions and locked him in a large closet (And then the spare gymnasium) for the Full Moons, was a bit of a relief. Unfortunately, due to his ‘odd’ behaviors (That he had taught himself to curb to appear more ‘human’ during his teenaged years) and his strange disappearances, he never made any true friends there and had begun to plan a true escape to a place where he would fit in. A place where, even if he had to make it on his own, he would be loved for who and what he was. University in England, in the same country where he knew the family that had given him up resided, seemed like the wise first step.
Imogen released a small snort as she turned to pour a healthy mug of coffee from the pot. “Want a cup?”
He inhaled sharply, his nostrils flaring. His mouth felt like he had ingested an entire roll of gauze. Or a pail of sand. His tongue was so dry, he didn’t want to pull it back into his mouth. His head was pounding and weighed at least a ton, if not more. He slowly retracted what he assumed to be his tongue, his jaws creaking closed.
He grinned broadly, his hands cradling the Pup to his chest as he reclined on the sofa in his eldest brother’s front sitting room. Thomas, after a bit of whining and a bit of nipping (which he reprimanded with some harsh growls), was falling into a bottle induced food coma, his human nostrils flaring and wriggling adorably. He couldn’t help but smile at the thought that one day, maybe in the not-so-distant future, he could be holding his own Pup. The little one was just dozing off when the front door opened and shut, bringing a wash of scents with it. His smile widened, the perfume of violets, vanilla, and fresh-cut grass wafting through the stagnant air. “Evy,” he breathed, turning his head to meet his niece’s beaming face through the foyer.
The statesman smiled and sat with a sigh on his sofa, releasing the odor of sugar and old books into the flat. “We, Molly and myself, will be coming with you to Baskerville in a few days,” he said, digging the tip of his umbrella into the carpet. “Sherrinford-” he paused, eyes finding the natural born wolf wrapped in a towel exiting the loo before continuing, “Sherrinford has discovered that Molly is carrying a natural born Wolf and we want to be near to-to...when it happens.”
“I’m pretty sure they will be thrilled to meet you,” the veterinarian responded, releasing her. “Let’s get your things, yeah?” His focus shifted, nostrils flaring as his eyes found his Alpha. “Sherlock,” he intoned, tilting his head slightly to the left, exposing his neck, “Thank you for coming out for the Moon. I-I really appreciate it.”
“Hello Imogen. It’s Sherrinford,” the rich baritone stated across the open line. She could hear the smile in the sound, making her smile in return, her doubt vanishing instantly.
It had been designed especially for him. No other man entered it, and those that did took precautions. He had no chance of escape and no place to escape to. And yet, he felt strangled. Tags hung heavily about his neck, along with a thick leather collar. He raised a hand, uncut fingernails, cracked and broken, scraped across the raised skin on the back of his neck, jangling the tags, shifting the collar, and irritating the mechanical tracker that was placed there, under his skin, rubbing against his spinal column.
Sherlock shook his head, his eyes still roving about the ground. “No, I mean Jack. He should be on his way.”
The other man nodded, rising slowly from his seated position on the couch. He spun on his heel, already feeling the familiar ache in his bones as the moon sang to him, calling him into his other form.
Whining, he quickly traversed the kitchen and sitting room, his nails clicking on the linoleum. The soldier’s head rose, eyes wide and his pupils dilated, looking at him as if he were water in the desert. The older man reached a hand out to allow him to sniff it. His tongue flicked out, licking the offered fingers before moving in closer, nuzzling and nudging until he was half on the chair, covering John as best he could.
“You have an incredible home,” he stated, his voice hushed as his eyes continued to rove about the foyer.
It had been Molly who had decided to bring people in for the Full Moon and to begin to integrate friends, men who had met through support groups or work, into larger tanks. After some of the Turned told their loved ones about their condition, more humans began to spend their Full Moons in the facility. It was like night and day. The human interactions with the wolves brought out their humanity. Not all of them retained it through the entire night, though, making the tanks and separating barriers necessary. However, progress was being made and Lupus Sapiens were beginning to be viewed as human again. One had exceeded his expectations entirely.
, he shrugged before opening the door a sliver. The hallway was clear and the babies were babbling, probably happily in their parents’ arms. Taking the opportunity to escape to Mycroft’s office and his waiting pile of clothing, he slid into the hall and tiptoed down it into his brother’s sanctuary. A quick sniff told him that it was empty and he slipped inside, his tail pressed against the crack of his bottom to fend off the the slight chill that clung to the air.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he muttered, trying to keep his eyes from flickering to his wall. The wall that provided nothing. No insight whatsoever. He wished that he could grab John’s Sig and shoot it again. At least then it would prove useful for something. His Mate, however, knew him too well and had decided to carry it on his person so he couldn’t pick the lock on his safe and shoot the bloody wall.
Ears swiveling forward, eyes fixed on his commanding officer, the back end slowly sat and the teeth were hidden behind lupine lips. Unable to stop a small smirk, the natural born Wolf made another note. “Excellent, Eddington. Now, bark once as yes, remain silent for no as you answer these questions for me.”
The worried silence was broken by the ringing of his mobile. The soldier leaned forward, picking it up. “It’s Mycroft.”
“Thank you,” the other man murmured, looking up at him with impossibly blue eyes. “But we both know that’s not true.”
She watched the veterinarian’s mouth drop open in awe as his blue eyes wandered about the space. She knew that he had not been raised in a wealthy home. She knew that Hunters had kept him from living well and without fear until his quasi-father had sent him to boarding school. Even then, he had probably never experience old money. This house, a small castle really, had been in her family since the seventeen hundreds and the land dated to before that. It had been a gift from the royal family.
, she reasoned, knowing that he wouldn’t have been allowed clothes anyway - Wolves never were. She should have known that her uncle wouldn’t treat the man well while under his care.
But, the moment he had opened the door the most beautiful, delicious, and miraculous aroma flooded his senses and all thoughts of truly focusing on his niece were gone. The bouquet’s source was a small, finely boned woman with jet black hair and enchanting green eyes. She was dressed smartly in a slate grey blouse and a black pencil skirt that stopped just below her knee.
Once the contraction passed, she released his fur with a soft apology and a whisper of gratitude. That one was was strong, worse than it should have been at this point in time. Everything was moving quickly. Sherrinford licked her fingers and gave her a gentle push toward the stairs. “
He refocused on his computer screen, exhaling loudly through the Mozart symphony that was issuing from the sound system. Sherlock (And Lestrade) had told him about their latest murder and the implications behind it. A dead Lupus sapiens after the night of the New Moon: it was not a good thing.
He shook his head, wanting to tell her everything, even the truth about himself, but answered, “The only thing I can tell you is that he is the first of his case in England and it’s a great opportunity for me and my research. It could lead to so much for the Lupus sapiens, I couldn’t turn it down.”
The Wolf was off like a shot, all too delighted to be chasing the green bouncing toy. “Bring it back to me,” he commanded once the ball had been caught. Slowly, and a bit grudgingly, the younger man did as he had been told, the slobber coated ball bouncing wetly at his feet. Sherrinford, a small smirk playing at his lips in amusement, repeated the process again with the same result. After a couple more passes he stuffed the ball back into his pocket (the K13 whined his disappointment) and said, “Now, Eddington, I have hidden something in this room. It does not belong - its scent should be different. Find it and alert me.”
The apartment was as he remembered. Mycroft had even pulled the sheets out of storage, rich and embedded with his scent, neatly folded at the corner of one of the sofas. Of course the facility now carried the scents of nearly five hundred Wolves (The largest transformation center in the UK) and he was not entirely comfortable with it, the hair on the back of his neck raising slightly. The little flat of the Hooper-Holmes clan, however, had retained the odor of Pack, and it calmed him, soothing the Wolf.
“Uncle Ford’s going to tell me about being a Pup!” she practically exclaimed, beyond excited at the prospect.
He was glad that Mycroft was being understanding and allowing all of these people into his home on Downing Street in his less-used west wing, which had been converted into a small, state-of-the-art hospital/clinic. Several of his current patients were not in their more doctor-friendly bodies at the moment, demanding his attentions.
“Why not?” he said with a shrug, “They don’t need to know about Sherlock. I feel like he should tell the twins on his own time. It is his right, after all.”
Sherlock released a growl but resisted the urge to hurl John’s laptop from his lap. The detective’s Google search was revealing very little, which was disheartening. Trevor Stevenson had very little internet history, or at least traceable history, besides the usual. His Facebook page had very few hits and the man’s last post had been a post that he didn’t deem completely unusual or odd, given what he could gather about his circumstances. It was regarding the regulations of the Lupus sapiens and how some degraded them to less than human. He chewed on his lower lip absent-mindedly, reading the man’s statements from over three months ago, when the legislation was reviewed. Mycroft had really messed somethings up in regards to the Wolves, but he really had tried his hardest to protect them and others like them despite his lack of true knowledge that could only come from experience.
He shook his head and opened the door to 221C to find his daughter beaming up at him from a full table. “Hello my Angel,” he said cheerfully, laying his briefcase down by the door and kicking his shoes off onto the mat. “What’s the occasion?”
He began to stride through the flat, heading for the bedroom to allow his own shift to occur. “You okay in the loo, Sherlock?”
. He was the man in charge of all transformation centers, last he checked. “Fine, Corporeal Palbury,” he relented, “But please, especially with the Yard pushing to allow some of their K13s to Shift on duty, open the yards at least. A caged animal is the one that will bite the hand that feeds it.”
Thinking fast on his feet, he opted to tell a part-truth,saying, “The dog you smelled yesterday is a Lupus sapiens, a government employee, in fact. He spends most of his time at Baskerville where, I am sure you are aware-”
“Or we can crash at mine,” Sherrinford stated, holding their charade a bit longer. “Meet you for breakfast in the morning.” They waited until the teenager left, her overnight bag tucked under an arm. “This is becoming ridiculous,” the younger Wolf continued. “When shall we tell her and give up this farce?” His nostrils flared and his head whipped around to face the eldest Holmes. “Did you bring Angelo’s?”
Though the morose quality of the night weighed heavily on his mind, he was reminded that it was progress. So much more progress than either Molly or Mycroft were able to create during their tenure as keepers of the Turned.
He nodded, his eyes flickering to the window as the nearly Full Moon rose in the glass. Thomas shivered with a small, sharp yip, his form solidifying for the next two days. “And that’s that,” he breathed, looking up from the slightly confused Pup to his family. “I’ll join him, then, shall I?”
He greeted the DI, laptop in hand, at the end of the hour. Greg looked concerned but was decidedly calm. The new proposed bill did not effect him directly, only through his colleagues and through his interactions with the Holmes Pack.
it on her,” he said quietly, diverting his gaze from the Alpha couple of his Pack as his cheeks flushed. “Her scent is so intoxicating, so distracting. I just want it with me. All the time. Everywhere I go. I need it to function to live.” He looked up at the couple across from him, narrowing his eyes. “Surely you understand? Surely you can feel it, growing within yourselves? It’s been getting stronger since the attack. I can sense it, smell it. Can’t you Sherlock?”
“Ah, here we are boys!” Timothy stated cheerfully, “Everything’s as you left it last, Sherlock.” He paused, his own heterochromic eyes, surrounded by wrinkles, flickered between the pair of them. “Don’t have too much fun, now. Dinner’s at seven.”
Gathering his courage, he opened all channels on his walkie. “Calling all units: We have a Code Moonlight. All units, be on the look out for a large, grey Wolf. Brown eyes, flecks of brown in the fur. Very dangerous - containment is our goal but take him out if necessary. Again:
. He inhaled and refocused on the family that was gathered around him with a smile. “How was everyone’s day?”
It was after that incident that he had taken Sherlock under his wing. He couldn’t help (as an unknowing child) but feel like if he had been a bit sooner, he could have saved the baby. He didn’t know why that notion had stuck with him - for years - but it had. It had developed his weakness, the sentiment that made him vulnerable and overprotective when it came to his siblings. And, now that Sherrinford was back, he was not going to let the man predecease him again. He couldn’t deal with the stress.
The woman laughed and a child punched at his tongue, almost bonking him in the nose. He yipped, backing away slighting before sniffing at the protruding part of her stomach warily. “I think he likes you, Uncle Sherrinford,” Molly giggled as the limb, probably a hand, moved under his muzzle.
The man had a rather canine attribute at the base of his impressive member. And it drove her absolutely mad. She was terrified when she first saw it, much less felt it seeking entrance, but she closed her eyes, told herself to relax, and took it into her body. She knew, in that moment, that regular human penises were forever inadequate from that point on.
is the form that needs to be trained. Trust me: The Wolf would know instinctively that wolfsbane was in that room. The human would not. It’s all about making the Wolf and the human one and the same. That is why Sherlock is so good. He’s at peace - he is one, as I am one.”
“Yes, of course, Brother Dear,” Mycroft intoned, pulling the large aluminum trays out and setting them on the counter before shoveling the contents into bowls. “Sherlock also insisted on-”
“You will be,” the mortuary reassured him with a smile, her hand still stroking the twitching ears of her child. “And we’ll be fine; he is my son, after all.”
The portly, grey haired man had been one of the main antagonists against any liberating changes to the Lupus sapiens bill. The man had made his stance on the ‘afflicted,’ as the older man called them, very clear. The man’s unyielding drive to contain the Wolves, place tougher restrictions on them, force them into quasi-concentration camps, was not without notice. He understood the fear of the unknown but, and it may be his sentiment speaking as well as his need to protect his newborn son, the Wolves were generally peaceful and harmless unless they were provoked. Anyone could see that the Lupus sapiens who where public servants where assets. He saw promise in the new program that Lestrade had begun. Lupus sapiens, Shifted, and working - it held a lot of potential.
He stood and exited the room, peeling gloves and shoe covers off as he went. This was bad, he knew. He wondered if the murderer knew that he, or she, had killed a Lupus sapiens. He prayed that it was not the case. Someone hunting werewolves was going to be a major problem.
Dinner, as it always was when his mother was involved, was awkward. His father was chatty, as usual, pretending as if nothing had ever changed. His mother was quiet and equal parts ashamed and judgmental. John was trying his best as a conversationalist but could only talk so much about his days at the surgery and Evelyn’s schooling before his mother would interject something uncomfortable.
He stopped that thought before it even formed. His elder sibling knew nothing. If he had, then he would have shared it - there would be no reason to hide the existence of a terrorist group that targeted his own ‘specialty.’
The car screeched to a halt. “We’re here, sir,” Gerald said, gasping through the window, not believing that they had made it through the traffic with his reckless driving any more than he did.
“Hello Eddington,” he stated, tipping his head a bit to the left (It was the other man’s room, after all). “Let’s get those bandages changed.”
His smile faltered a bit, because, in all honesty, he had been thinking about her but probably not in the way she thought. And with the coming baby, a wolf-muderer on the loose, and his patients, she had not been a top priority.
He bit back the urge to growl, knowing that, if he did, he couldn’t pass it off as behavior towards his patients. Growling was a warning, yes, but it was also a threat. Doctors did not threaten their patients - unless, of course, they were an arrogant sod of an older brother, then all bets were off.
“If you give in to this bill, then every one of our family is condemned to live behind bars, too. Sherlock, Thomas - Evelyn would grow up without her second father, Thomas without either of his parents. It’s inexcusable, Sherrinford. You cannot give yourself up. Don’t let your guilt consume you.”
“Molly?” Mycroft’s soft voice drew her attention to the top of the stairs, “The midwife’s on her way.” Her husband descended the stairs, taking her hand that had been on the bannister, and wrapping his other arm around her waist. “Let’s get you off the stairs, darling.”
“Well,” the younger man said, sliding another sausage onto his plate, “Then believe me when I say that
. John stepped up onto the bottom step, looking him directly in the eye, an amused smirk on his handsome, ruddy face. “I meant that we should tell Evy that we are becoming a real family.” The older man paused as his face fell briefly. “Unless you don’t want to make it official in the eyes of the non-Lupus sapiens of the world?”
“We must be prepared for all eventualities,” he stated quietly, his voice taking an ominous tone. “Tonight. At Nineteen Hundred Hours, Sherrinford and Imogen will arrive at her uncle’s Kensington estate for dinner with her family. During the inevitable polite conversation before dinner, one of her family of Hunters will ask him to Shift. He will comply. With the window of opportunity open, and her family watching, Imogen will be expected to strangle him to death. It is during that time that we must move in. If we wait too long, Sherrinford will be dead, along with any other Lupus sapiens we bring with us. Are we clear?”
“Yes,” she replied, gritting her teeth and firming her resolve, “It’s Immy. I was wondering if I could get some time with Sherrinford Holmes. I know you have him in custody.”
The detective shook his head sadly, his lips cast downward in a small frown. “And yet, besides his obvious knowledge of the Lunar Cycle, the public record of the Werewolf Registry, and some serious stalking, we still have nothing to go on regarding the killer. Hampsted and Stevenson didn’t even run in the same Pack.” The frustration that the detective was feeling quickly replaced the small bit of sadness that had slipped through moments before. Then a thought struck him. The detective moved closer, muttering in his ear, “There is a connection. They both spent their Moons at Baskerville. Their Sherrinford’s. Possible target? To what aim? Discrediting him? His status is unknown.” Letting those thoughts pass, Sherlock swiveled, his mercurial eyes scanning the ground. “Has forensics found anything regarding the bullets? Anything special about them?”
o it is, Mr. Holmes,” the man replied, obviously seeing his challenge and backing away from it. “I simply wonder why he is allowed to Shift outside of a facility and how the Yard is letting one of us do that. I mean, I’m not allowed to smell something the wrong way or else I’ll get put on a tighter leash and he was trotting around like he owned the place! Now, the Detective Inspector has us searching for some very specific scents. He obviously helped, but...why doesn’t the Law apply to him?”
, he mused, smiling softly at the thought. His secretary was a wonderful woman who truly cared about the Lupus sapiens. It helped that her brother was one of St. Pierre’s, and it was the main reason for applying to be his secretary. The man in question, David Chapman, was setting up chairs with a couple of members of his adopted Pack.
A smaller, rather unimposing man, laid a hand on the arm of the bald bruiser, calming the other man who was growling deep in his chest. “How do you know that?”
The British Government commanded the room, the twins instantly settling as he took his seat at the head of the table, hands folded in front of them like well-trained circus animals. His eyebrows shot up, not entirely surprised. The eldest Holmes was certainly a man of order, just as Sherlock was one of chaos. “Tell me,” he intoned, summoning the serving staff forward with their dishes laden with food, “How was school today?”
The doctor stood with a sigh, his nose scrunched up slightly. “Thanks for letting us know about this, Greg,” the man said, looking a bit pale. “I hope this is an isolated incident.”
The twins, John, and Evelyn had been left at 221 Baker Street with Mrs. Hudson tittering away about how much she was going to spoil them rotten. The thought made him smile - Mrs. Hudson was the perfect Beta, caring and kind. Loving his Pack’s pups as if they were her own flesh and blood. But, then again, she continued to refer to himself and John (And now Sherrinford) as ‘her boys.’ Despite their landlady’s enthusiasm for the night of pampering, his Mate was less than thrilled to be left at home. However, he was glad to know that the man was safe even if he was grumpy about being away from the ‘action.’ Not that there would be any action if he could help it.
“Yes,” the Wolf said, his chin raising slightly as he offered his hand. “It is a pleasure to meet you again, Lord Kensington, under much more pleasant circumstances.”
“Okay,” Sherrinford continued, “Here is his name and phone number. I am sure that he will get you sorted in no time.” He smiled, giving John Watson’s contact information to the younger man. “Please do check in with me following your next Moon, Eddie. I would love to hear how it goes.”
“Sherrinford?” she called softly, taking a couple of steps into her part of the room, worry setting in.
He couldn’t help but laugh at the retort from the British Government even as Molly sent him a suggestive wink. The small joy that he got from teasing Mycroft was not lost on him.
“Why is the population of Turned so high it there are only two Natural Born werewolves in the UK?” the girl beside her asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous!” he fired back, “I love Evelyn as much as you do! She’s our Pup! I’d never think of leaving her without her father!”
In less than two steps, the tall man was extricating his furry body from the ragged remains of his clothing, his human veneer gone. His tail was tucked and his ears were down, his steps taking him further from her until his backside connected with the bookcase behind him, her family closing in.
With a sharp exhale followed by a violent tug that secured his mobile, he grated out a thank you. Sherrinford didn’t move, reading the text from their elder brother over his shoulder, making him hunch uncomfortably. Gritting his teeth, he turned his focus to the screen before him.
“If it has to do with Stevenson, we’re all terribly sorry about it Sherrinford but a phone call would have sufficed. A text even, as is Sherlock’s wont.” The statesman’s annoyance at being disturbed was quite evident and it irked him, the hair on the back of his neck rising.
“I don’t see why not,” the detective stated, leaning back in his chair, arms crossed. “Is Sherrinford available?”
Mycroft’s heavy steps raced up the stairs and down the hall. The man, severely out of shape, came panting into the room, Benedict held securely to his heaving chest. “Have I missed it?”
The wolf chuffed out his response, leaning into her leg and allowing her fingers to continue to scratch his ears, his tail twitching. Another contraction wracked her body, making her gasp, her fingers tightening subconsciously on what she was grabbing onto: Sherrinford’s fur. The wolf whined but stood his ground beneath her, supporting her body with his head and shoulders.
And, in an instant, the sudden invasion of their privacy was forgiven. Eager to consume the promised treat, the detective wound away from the doctor and past his father into the hallway beyond.
Her hand flew to the spot on her cheek with a gasp and she pulled away. Her eyes wide, she stammered, “Exploding pen…Is it that noticeable?”
His eyes widened and he turned around slowly. His arms flexed, holding himself together. He bit his lips, flaring his nostrils to keep the unbidden tears from falling, his head bowed. The woman looked at him tenderly but sadly, her smile not meeting her eyes. “We’re not your parents,” she reiterated, raising a hand to him. “We love you. And Sherlock. And this baby - no matter what.” She shook her head. “I don’t know what to do with a Pup but I do know about children. And I do know that I love both of these little guys and they’re not even outside of me yet!” She rubbed her stomach, smiling at it. “I couldn’t give him up. I’d never want to.”
) disguised it as a sneeze. Sherlock did not, the pretense thinly veiled in the hope that no one was looking. “That’d be great, Greg,” John replied, gesturing him forward. “The boys can get the scent then.”
Regardless of his late night, he rose when the Shift fell over him at sunrise. He stumbled through his routine, pulling his suit about his body and fixing his tie before bursting his teeth and hair. Molly, being the wonderful human being that she was, had a pot of coffee brewed and a plate of toast sitting on the table.
Dinner proved to be the rehashing of the conversation that he had had with the young woman earlier in the day.
“Truly?” he replied, still chuckling a bit under his breath. “Most people want to punch him in the face after a few seconds.”
The man, as if sensing her confusion, doubt, and hurt, stopped his scrolling on his mobile to press a kiss to the crown of her head, inhaling her scent. She leaned into the sensation, used to it and the comfort that it brought. “Will you get furry later?” she murmured, wanting a snuggle badly.
“Anything for family,” the older man replied over his shoulder as he headed for the front stairs, “We’ve put you boys in Sherlock’s room , if that’s alright?”
It was then that a chorus of howls split the air. The hand in her hair tightened, raising her head and slamming it against the marble flooring.
The wound was in his brother’s collarbone and was bleeding so profusely, he wondered if his carotid artery had been punctured too.
She hoped that her back looked as good as her front as she rushed to the kitchen. “Make yourself comfortable,” she called over her shoulder. “I’ll only be a minute.” The water rushed from the tap, filling a tall glass with the cool liquid.
his own. Despite that fact, he could not bear to watch his child grow up on the other side of glass, unable to hold him, unable to feel his fur beneath his fingertips, unable to truly know him.
With more strength than she thought she had ever possessed, she pulled her wrist free and clocked her uncle in the nose for his trouble. Throwing herself across the room, she ignored the second gunshot, her eyes only focused on the man she loved and the tongue that was slowly turning purple as it fell out of a gaping maw. Searing pain lanced through her upper arm but she kept going, needing to reach Sherrinford, even if it was the last thing she did.
Evelyn sat, notebook drawn into her chest protectively, her eyes wide. He cocked an eyebrow muscle, confused. She had seemed alright with everything when he had left a few minutes ago. Now she looked (and smelled) terrified of them.
“Sure,” Molly replied, leaning a bit against her husband. Mycroft’s hand settled into the small of her back, his thumb rubbing small circles there. “The sitting room’s this way.”
The little ones, now seven, nodded and grabbed their overnight bags. They really did love Mrs. Hudson and he knew that she spoiled them rotten. They were lucky to have the older woman in their lives, of that he was certain. Without her, he wouldn’t be able to continue to keep such a close eye on his younger brothers and their mutual condition as well as the remaining Lupus sapiens in the realm. Watching his kids climb into the waiting town car, he turned and headed up the stairs to help his wife.
Tear-filled eyes greeted his own calculated mask. “It does!” she sniffled, “It effects me a great deal! What if...what if they take you away? What if Daddy loses his job for hiding you? What if Uncle Ford is deported? What if you’re...you’re put to sleep like the pets that no one wants in the shelters?”
Her eyes widened. “He’s here,” she breathed. Quickly, she fluffed her hair again and yelled over her shoulder. “Coming!”
Mycroft smiled tightly with a sharp nod. “She’s so uncomfortable. I hope it’s soon. For Molly’s sake.”
He could hear the sigh from his perch in his chair. The other man abandoned his stirring, clinking the wooden spoon against the skillet were he was frying - potatoes, his nose told him - and stalked over to the doorway. “What?” the doctor yelled back down the stairs.
“I’m not sure,” she breathed, making her way to the loo, “I just thought I remembered seeing him transform years ago. I must be imagining things.”
“How are you doing today, Mr. Chatterpole?” he asked, bending over his newest patient’s file. The man who sat in the chair across from him was young, late-twenties, and had been Turning for five years. One of the last of St. Pierre’s Turns before they caught him.
He rolled his eyes with a strong exhaled growl. “I suppose that congratulations are in order?” He picked up a newspaper clipping, examining the date carefully before sticking it over the photograph of the deadman’s dilapidated kitchen.
“Not yet,” his youngest sibling insisted, sweeping his rounded wife into his arms. “Molly,” he whispered, inhaling again, “You look stunning.”
Her father chuckled, shaking his head. “You’ve always had a vibrant imagination. Well, have a lovely night, Evelyn,” the older man replied, “Sleep well.”
“I know,” he replied, testing the bottle on his wrist before offering it to the whining Wolf. “I guess this little distraction will be just what the doctor ordered.” With another chuckle, he existed the room and headed to see his elder brother, praying that the man had not gone completely off the deep end in the hour since he’d left him.
The space was entirely emptied except for a large cooler, three chairs, and a table covered in files, and piles of gym equipment along the walls, none of which should prove to be a large distraction to the Wolves.
Sherlock Holmes, his signature disheveled curls blowing in the fresh air, had his arm wrapped tightly around the broad shoulders of her father, their left hands wrapped around each others, their golden bands flashing in the sunlight. They had been married for almost eighteen months now, and they had lived together for so many years before that, but they still acted like they were young lovers. It was cute, until they forgot about her and she walked in on them in positions that she never wanted to see again.
The car pulled up to the gate, which opened quickly at the sight of Mycroft Homes, the British Government, and the younger Holmes twitching in the back seat. The guards were used to the comings and goings of the Older Holmes boys. Sherrinford, whether in penitence or because he felt that he better served the Lupus Sapiens at Baskerville, rarely left the facility. He did leave on Full Moon nights, running about the moor as Sherlock had done for that first year. He also visited the family estate in Oxford, but never stayed for long stretches of time. He was sure that the lack of childhood memories in his assigned room (Which
Mycroft inclined his head and held the door for him to pass through. Much to his chagrin, the entire entourage of politicians and the like piled in after him. His brother closed the door with a firm click and a sympathetic twitch of his lips, his mask firmly in place. “I think the kitchen area, along the counter and behind the island would be the optimal viewing location, don’t you think, Brother?”
His brother gave him a small jerk of his head and a faint whine. The younger man was tired, too. One baby was enough for everyone tonight. “Good night, Sherrinford,” he breathed, rubbing Benedict’s back as he continued into the hallway and his own bed.
The cab pulled to the curb outside of 221B, the sunshine reflecting off the skewed knocker cheerfully. John exited first, collecting their bags from the cabby and paying the man with a small smile. The wolf waited, sliding from the faux leather seat to stand before the bottom step, hands shoved into his pockets.
The group, despite their enthusiasm and positive attitude, was cautious, keeping well back from the enclosures. Only a few Wolves, primarily those that had been Turning since the Rash Turnings or shortly thereafter, approached the fence, tails wagging and heads cocked with curiosity. Despite their distance from the fences, the government officials eagerly watched the packs from afar, watching their play, hearing their choruses of howls, and watching them ultimately fall into slumber in one large pile.
Sherlock paused at the end of the hallway, making him stop as well. Ridiculous etiquette, he huffed. He was Alpha, just like his brother (And his other brother, if he was Turned). Playing second fiddle was not entirely his style, but it had to be, for tonight anyway.
The good-natured growl that greeted that order widened his grin as he taped the plaster shut again and giving the officer a friendly pat. “Maybe I’ll join you later?”
A soft ding sounded from the sofa. Throwing himself back out of the chair, he scrambled to pick up his mobile.
Quickly he moved to the woman’s other side and sniffed at that part of her stomach, ignoring the sounds of happiness that floated around him and focusing on the one task at hand. The scent was less and, placing his nose on the rounding of Molly’s abdomen, this child lay still, only twitching every now and again. As if sensing his question, the mortuary answered, “The other one’s more active. Usually at night.”
