“I heard she lives off of black coffee and raw almonds.” Castiel said, nibbling at a breadstick.
Sighing, Dean leaned back against the leather of his seat. The leather creaked under him, giving him a pleasant flashback to the night before when he’d had Cas’s hands all over him in this very car. He flushed and cleared his throat. Best to get back to business and save his pointless fantasies for later. Most likely when he’d be on his own in some other backwoods town. Away from Cas.
Pissy Blue-Eyed Guy squinted at him. “I’m fully capable of doing it! I’ve been certified for six months! And anyway, I should be asking
Dean patted Castiel’s hip as a gesture to get up, and when Castiel acquiesced, he went over to a metal desk by the rolling work bench. A bunch of papers were setting upon the desk’s surface, and Dean rummaged through them for a bit. He came up with a checkbook and a pen, which he brought back to where Castiel sat on the couch.
“Uh… Judy?” Dean glanced at her name tag. “Nice to meet you, I’m John Brown. I’m new.” He stuck out his hand. Judy Trench, head librarian, glanced up and squinted at him slightly as she fought to put her glasses back on her face.
“I don’t know where to start, to be honest.”
Clearing his throat, Dean looked away. “I mean—it wouldn’t be… terrible? I mean, I would like—I would want you to… but you don’t have to, of course, it’s up to you—“
“Looks mighty similar to the patron of the arts that had you by the throat last night, doesn’t it?”
“Did you… sleep with her?” Dean dropped his voice, hating himself for asking.
“Right, and we’re fine.” Dean said it, instead of asking like a teenage girl. Why d
Castiel was a wreck. He felt like he should be more ashamed of how loud he was being, but he couldn't find it within himself to care. This was perfect. Dean was perfect. He never wanted this to end.
The nurse smiled. “We’ve got the bones in his leg set, and he’s been given a mild sedative for the pain.”
About to interrupt, Castiel opened his mouth. Dean continued, a flush rising on his cheeks.
“See, that’s what we hope to fix. Foster an interest in the classics, right Cas?” He glanced at Castiel, who nodded quickly. Dean sighed internally. He wasn’t sure this man beside him really knew what the fuck they were talking about.
Castiel nudged him. “No it wasn’t. It was great. I missed this.”
“But what if I really want it to? He’s nice.”
It wasn’t that he doubted Cas’s feelings towards him had changed so suddenly. He was sure Cas would have told him to fuck off sooner or later. There was just something… not right about the sudden change. Almost like a spell or a curse. His hunters’ instincts were adamant about that.
Castiel ducked down to talk through the passenger window. “We?” His expression a bit disbelieving.
Blessedly warm hands landed on his shoulders, prompting only the tiniest of jumps, and then smoothed down his lapel to take the slightly damp fabric from his grip.
“Cas.”
“For what?” Cas pressed gently when Dean couldn’t continue. He glanced up to see enough of a smirk on the man’s face to know that he probably knew exactly what Dean was thanking him for.
“You don’t say?” Kaiser raised an eyebrow, impressed. “I’ve got quite a few classic cars myself. Not here, mind you. Out on the farm, though... plenty of room.”
Castiel turned away from the mirror, stepping in close to Dean’s personal space. He felt comfortable here. Welcome. “Thanks. You look nice too.” He paused for a moment. “What if this doesn’t work? I mean—what if nobody... nobody shows up or even...?”
Rehearsal must have ended, because the girls started coming through the door in twos and threes, parkas zipped and earmuffs on. Castiel huffed a sigh and steeled himself. He walked straight past Anna, who tried to catch his arm, past the rest of the dancers, to the far wall where the tape player and its operator stood. Trevor had his back to him, but the sound of someone clearing their throat made him turn around.
“You don’t know a thing about me or what I want.” Castiel could feel his fingers digging into the upholstery.
“Oh my god, Dean. Don’t stop.” He gasped. Dean grinned, absolutely filthy and took all of Castiel’s cock down his throat. Castiel keened for it, wondering at the last second if it was bad to thrust into Dean’s mouth, not wanting to risk Dean stopping. Castiel felt Dean’s hand grope for his and for a wild second, he thought Dean wanted to hold it while they were connected like this. But Dean grabbed his hand and dropped it on the back of his head and looked up at Castiel again, willing him to understand. Castiel threaded his fingers through Dean’s hair, softer than he would have guessed, and pulled lightly. Dean’s eyes closed briefly around a hollow moan which did things to the way Dean was touching Castiel right now.
“Are you at his house or somewhere else?” Anna sounded calm and soothing, shushing him gently when his sobs racked over the phone.
Melody blushed, clearly smitten with Cas, to Dean’s annoyance. “So nice of you to visit. He’s had a few of the kids from school come to see him, but not many of the teachers.” She leaned forward, nudging the paperwork she had been working on to the side. The look in her eyes told Dean she was positively thrilled to see Cas walk through her door, and would probably talk to him all afternoon if she was allowed.
The smile dropped. “Right,” Cas said, taking back his hand and letting it fall limply on the bed. “Save the scared townspeople, kiss the pretty girl, disappear off to the horizon, right?”
Castiel pulled back. “No, you’ve had a long day, Dean. Just let me do this.” He sat up again, feeling cold no longer pressed against Dean’s back, and resumed his massage. He hadn’t meant to let them spiral away into lust quite that quickly, but both of them found it hard to keep their hands to themselves. Castiel guessed he wouldn't get any straight answers about the charity from Dean right now. He rubbed at Dean’s shoulders, chuckling as Dean arched up into it like a cat. How had he ever thought this man was detached and untouchable was beyond him—he was clearly aching to be touched.
He could barely keep Cas safe from the ghost here. If it wasn’t this ghost, it would have been some other monster or thing that went bump in the night.
“I don’t want to push too far—“
The waitress left, leaving the two men in the booth in silence. Castiel fidgeted in his seat and tried to keep his gaze away from the man across the table, surveying him quietly. The man managed to leer without making Castiel feel unsettled or under a microscope.
Alongside the modest entry was a blurrier shot of the very one Dean had sitting on Cas’s tabletop.
“Sorry, Mr. Adler. Just tripped, is all.” Castiel said, grimacing at the frown Adler left them with as he went to discipline a student standing on a bench by the window.
, Castiel. Or did you forget?” As he yelled and raged, Castiel looked down, ashamed. Dean’s heart tore, it was his fault Cas was in this mess. He tried to step in, gripping Cas’s sleeve to pull him behind himself.
Dean sighed. “Okay, look. Where’s your boss? Your head teacher, principal, whatever?”
Placing a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, Trevor waited until he had Castiel’s attention. “Me too. But… wrong place, wrong time?” Castiel nodded.
They walked past a few motorcycles in pieces, which Dean claimed to be fixing. Sam was suspicious that Dean was actually working on his own version of Frankenstein down here. “So what kind of day job does a man who gets paid to be spoiled by you have?”
Castiel still remembers the look on her face, Haley, he finally remembered. The way her kind face had crumpled, ever so slightly, in an attempt not to laugh. To this point, Castiel still wasn’t sure he had ever gone so red so quickly. He knew the nose wasn’t right, couldn't make it look right, no matter how many times he erased and tried again. He knew, and he still gave it to her, eager to hope she’d appreciate the thought. And truly, when he was looking at it propped up on her desk from his spot on her bed, it looked more like a slightly squashed tomato than a nose, but… the hickeys on Castiel’s neck at supper that night said that Haley had more than appreciated the thought anyway. He did stop drawing portraits after that, though. No matter how pretty the person was.
Cas had thought it was the title to the car or something similar, so he hadn’t bothered with it. “I didn’t open it.”
Castiel would stand with his hands on his hips, paint smudged across the bridge of his nose. “Well, I can’t let you have a huge painting of my eyes staring into the living room either. What if someone saw?”
And what a show it was.
“Me.” Castiel said very quietly.
He was also made aware of the tickling sensation along his arm when Dean started stroking gently, seemingly unaware. The motion sent sparks running crazily up his arm, going faster when Dean’s hand moved to his ribs. Castiel held his breath, trying not to laugh, until Dean moved lower to a less ticklish spot. Dean’s fingers massaged lightly over his stomach, and Castiel was suddenly conscious of all the meals he had missed out on over the past few weeks. He was much skinnier than he should be. Dean didn’t seem to mind, or at least didn’t comment on it, just moved lower to toy with the waistband of his boxers.
These closet-cases always got it up so fast, it almost wasn’t even fun.
“Nah,” Dean waved his hand. “Just askin’.” He immediately drained his glass and cursed that the waitress was too far away to immediately ask for another.
Cas thrust forward, and threw his head back, cock spurting over Dean’s hand. The feel of it—Dean was too enraptured by Cas’s expression to look down and see it—was enough to send Dean hitching further forward into Cas, burying his nose in Cas’s chest as he came too. His orgasm forced him forward two-three more times, his groans muffled by Cas’s skin.
“But you’ve gotta know you can get anyone you want without paying for it.” Castiel said it and snapped his mouth shut. He hadn’t meant to imply that he wasn't worth Dean’s time, just that the sugar daddy community wasn't well known for its attractive and eligible bachelors.
Inside, he looked for Novak first. The man was pressed against the far wall, being held a few inches off the ground with a ghostly hand clamped tight around his windpipe. He wasn’t screaming anymore, but the look on his face suggested he would be if not for the blockage of air.
Dean scoffed. “What difference does that make?”
“Stay calm, I’ll handle this.” Dean assured Cas. He really was batting for the stands with getting Castiel in trouble with his place of employment.
“The way you talk about yourself.” Dean turned around. “Your job doesn’t define your worth, Cas. You could be a professional dumpster diver, and I’d still…” He stopped and cleared his throat, gaze skittering around.
“So how do we get rid of it?”
Stuttering, Castiel tripped out, “N-no, Anna and I… we’re just—“
“I just want you to know how different we were raised.”
Anna used her position in his arms to smack him on the back of the head, but her face was less drawn than it was earlier.
“I’ve spoken to his mother. He’s doing much better.” Castiel straightened up and cocked his head. “He’ll be ready to come back to school in a week or two.”
If possible, Dean blushed even harder and ducked his head. How curious. Cas felt a strange tingle in his palms. He had a sudden vision of pressing in close and watching Dean take a surprised breath. He shook his head slightly.
“What do you mean ‘not you’?” Castiel asked carefully.
Castiel shrugged. “I’ve got chronic insomnia. It could be a very elaborate waking night terror. You too.”
Castiel moved out of the way of a very drunk couple coming out of the bar, and moved to the corner, right beneath the street light, next to an empty newspaper stand with the hinged door swaying open in the slight breeze. He hadn’t smoked in months, but the atmosphere made him need a cigarette, if not just for something to do.
Their rhythm was probably sloppy, Dean thought. This probably wasn’t the best way Cas had ever gotten fucked, by some inexperienced drifter in the back of a car, but for Dean, it was everything. A pink haze crowded out every other thought in Dean’s head that wasn’t centered around Cas and the way he felt and sounded and moved and tasted and...
- Not too long. They had an interesting relationship based more on camaraderie than any real affection. They both were eager to get the press off their backs and met at a holiday function for one of the bigger businesses in town. There was a lot of drunken sex and some accidental cuddling in between complaining about life in the spotlight. Bela liked that Dean lived out of the city and gave her space to think. Dean liked that Bela wasn’t after his money and was polite to Missouri and Bobby. They broke it off extremely amicably after they realized they had gone three months without any real romantic progress.
Dean crossed his arms and sat on the arm of the chair opposite Sam. “Did you just come to make fun of me?”
With a chuckle, Dean leaned in again. “Stop looking at me like that, man. You’re the prize here, not me.” He grabbed Castiel’s hand and towed him towards the sitting area. Dean sat down first and pulled Castiel on top of him. But it wasn't right—Castiel was facing the television and Dean shifted him so that he was leaned against Dean’s left arm, not facing him at all.
The dance instructor hesitated. “Can I see?” He seemed hopeful, but bashful. Castiel fumbled with his sketch pad, opening to the page he’d been working on. It was sketchy, but the outline of the studio and the lines of dancers were clear. Trevor whistled low, leaning in close to Castiel’s side.
“Oh, you’re right,” Dean said, gesturing with the pasta spoon. “Definitely a good thing you curved him. Absolute lunatic.” He bent over to take a taste of the now-simmering sauce, a soft smile on his face.
“This is still the dumbest thing I’ve ever heard.”
I wish you and your family a wonderful holiday season, and a very happy New Year's.
“True enough… true enough.”
Castiel stopped, his hand on the doorknob, unsure of what he just heard. How on earth could Dean ever think that he was something Dean didn’t deserve? He knew he played that card all the time, trying to make his time seem worth the price to Dean, but he knew. He wasn’t anything special. And Dean was so special. So special that the words Dean was saying didn’t even make sense.
Dean leaned his elbows on the counter and let his feet dangle from the high stool. “Good morning, Castiel. Sleep well?” He took a sip from his coffee mug.
Cas wakes up... and the story ends.
The girl’s eyes were still wide. “Ye-eess? You can still go in, though.” She jabbed a thumb at the closed auditorium doors.
Castiel sniffed.
He glanced back to where Dean was progressively getting angrier, and Balthazar was steadily getting more red in the face. He ducked out of their tense bubble and followed the woman to where the crowd was pouring out into the grounds.
“Maryanne,” Andy resumed his story, unperturbed. “Maryanne, and her jealousy was something to witness, according to the stories. Carmichael Hubbard don’t change his ways for anybody, least of all a woman, though. He’s still in the bootleggin’ business, but Maryanne isn’t going to take that lying down, no.”
“Then don’t think about it, Dean.” Cas pitched forward and leaned into Dean’s space, peering up at him from beneath his lashes. “Don’t think about it and it’s not weird.”
They questioned everyone they saw. Most of the employees there on the weekend knew enough to keep their mouths shut and walk quickly past the perky blonde reporter and her dark haired partner, but this only made their grins wider. They knew they’d found a story, and they weren't leaving until they’re satisfied.
“Maryanne.” One of the men cut in without looking up.
Castiel was struck by the moment in its surrealism. The clock Castiel hated and Anna loved ticked too loudly on the wall above the sink, which was dripping steadily. The lightbulb above them buzzed occasionally, and the couch had tatters on one corner where its previous owner had clearly had a cat. He was sitting in the middle of the most possessions he had ever owned in his entire life, and also in this space was the man that haunted Castiel’s dreams for months. He wished desperately he could read Dean’s mind, and get some idea of his angle here. What did he want, and why was it so important he was at Castiel’s door in the middle of the night? He found he had less idea of what to say to him than when they first met and Castiel was just trying to get rent money out of a potential john. He wanted to ask every single question in his head at once.
Dean’s stomach was already growling. “Man, I need some pizza or something.”
“Well, I still think it’s weird, but I’m happy for you.” Sam smiled at the two of them.
“But I also want you to know that if you get stuck, you can call me. I’ll come get you, no questions asked.”
“Face it, Sam. Dean’s not gonna crack unless he wants to. Man’s a human bottle of unexpressed emotion.”
“Not-James, painter of Chicago, will you do me the great service of coming home with me so I can fuck you? There’s three hundred bucks in it for you.”
Sighing, he threw back the last of his coffee. Cas shook the crumbs off of his fingers and licked his lips in a way that made Dean look away quickly. “Should we tell Mrs. Tran we’ll be at the hospital today?”
Castiel huffed and rolled his eyes again, scooping up Anita to take with him to the front. He knew Sr. Guerrero had just gotten in a set of really nice coffee table books on different Expressionist artists. He couldn’t afford them by any means, but he wanted to look at them all the same. He stopped, thinking of the stack of cash in his wallet now. Maybe he could afford them now.
- Hell yeah they did! Sam found out the night of Castiel’s show. Sarah wasn’t taking any of the champagne, and when Sam asked, all she could do was smile hugely until Sam picked his jaw off the floor. They’re expecting a little girl in December.
Castiel had refused to take Missouri’s offer of hotel fare or even cab fare, instead asking if someone could just please open that huge goddamn gate so he could walk. He needed the space to think.
“Where would you keep stuff for a really long time?” Dean asked as they shouldered back into the theater. “Like, pocket watches, handkerchiefs, that sort of thing.”
Castiel blinked. “Y-yeah, they sure did. Told me I needed to watch out for the old man ghost that comes out at night.” He laughed nervously. Poor guy. First interrogations could be tough.
Cas tilted his head. “It’s still possible for them to coach One Act. There’s no rule against it, and in a school this small, not unlikely.”
Dean forced himself to type every letter of that text. Jo responded quickly.
“What do you want me to call you?”
“Should give ol’ Harvey at Mustard Autos a run for his money then. Sure, let’s chat in the bar.” Kaiser jammed a thumb over his shoulder towards the saloon doors. “Should be plenty empty until after dinner.”
Dean’s hands fluttered, not knowing where they were allowed to touch. “Cas—I don’t… I can’t… how do I fix this—?”
"Pinky swear." Cas rolled his eyes. He flipped to the review section of his anatomy textbook that listed all of the bones in order of arrangement.
Castiel spread in an amount of white to his mix, and wiped the palette knife on the edge of the palette to clean it off. With the barest edge, he dipped into the magenta. Beside him, Dean said, “Why do you have that tiny little bit of pink? That isn’t going to—“ Castiel started mixing. “I—oh.” Dean said, as the shade gained warmth and depth. “That wasn’t the color I expected.”
“Of course. My apologies.” Cas bowed his head. Dean held back a snort. Like the entirety of Central City’s police department—all three of them—would be much of a problem.
Dean was in trouble.
Cas considered. “I feel better than I have the past two days, certainly. I don’t feel angry, or paranoid. It’s more like before. It’s... nice.” He smiled softly at Dean, who ducked his head.
Shrugging, Sam pulled back. “Only way to know is to ask. Fall on your knees and beg forgiveness and all that.”
Missouri’s reply came less than five seconds later, telling Dean he had absolutely worried the shit out of her when he took off in a huff of squealing tires and manpain.
Dean had always hated the press. Hated that they stuck their nose in places it didn’t belong, hated that they acted offended when they weren’t invited to company parties and events, hated that they all called him by his first name like they were old pals. He remembered one time his father reduced to nearly decking a rather insouciant member of the press right when Dean was about fourteen. He’d just come out as bisexual to his family and had started hanging around with a boy from school—Alex. He and Alex did everything together, both in school and out. Dean thought he was in love—and the press thought they’d start a family scandal. On their way to dinner one night, the press member tried to corner Dean into an impromptu interview outside a steak joint in downtown Manhattan. He’d been overly nosy, asking Dean how his family felt about the match. How they felt knowing Dean was out and proud. Were they happy? Were they disappointed? How would his mother have reacted? How the press had found out about he and Alex, he still hadn’t worked out past one of those things that the press magically seemed to find out about. Dean hadn’t had the words to explain it. He was flustered, embarrassed, and more than a little scared. He’d never seen his father push someone else before, not outside of play, but the way the reporter went sprawling to the ground, chasing his camera, told Dean that this was no ordinary altercation. Dean had been hurried into the car with their driver and younger brother. A short squabble outside of the car prompted Sam to ask what was going on, but their driver, Blake, assured the boys it was probably nothing and that Mr. Winchester would handle it. When John returned to the car, he told Blake to drive and to “mow down anyone who gets in your way.” After a moment, he turned to the backseat, where his boys sat. He said, “You don’t give those leeches an ounce of your time if you don’t want to give it. They’ve bothered me my entire life, they drove your mother mad. Don’t—“ he broke off. “Just walk away from them.” Sam and Dean had nodded dutifully, like good sons.
Nothing that Castiel could mess up by not using his safeword.
“I didn’t. Even I don’t have that kind of power.”
… but he didn’t get it. Dean changed course to put his lips by Castiel’s ear. When he spoke, his lips brushed Castiel’s lobe, making him shiver. “I’m going to watch the news in my room, and I’d like you to join me.”
Cas nodded. “Will I see you at lunch?”
Castiel pulled back as best as he could. “Dean—Dean, are you going to fuck me now? You said you were going to take me.You gotta fuck me.” He could feel the desperation that must be painting his features, desperation to get this beautiful man inside him as fast as he could. He didn’t care that he was still technically a virgin. He was going to change that right the fuck now. Dean moaned against his shoulder and pulled up. His eyes were wild and dark. He didn’t let up thrusting against Castiel’s hip, and if Castiel hadn’t come so soon, he would have been deeply aroused by the unbridled desire in front of him.
“I don’t need to know where you’re going. Just be safe,” she hugged Anna back. “And Castiel—“ Castiel paused getting in the driver’s side. “Really, let things blow over. It won’t be like this forever.”
Cas raised an eyebrow. “I’ll say. Some jerk broke into my apartment.” What? Dean had to tell Cas about his home invasion
Castiel
Castiel chuckled, and flipped a few pages back. A sketch of the bronze ballerina statue from the Joslyn Art Museum in Omaha stared back at them. “Something like that. I’ve always admired his work.”
“Sorry.”
Castiel glanced back to the green-eyed man. “I don’t have to stay here.” He said stubbornly.
Castiel kicked a loose stone off the concrete slab and into the bushes. “Yeah, I’ll be there.”
Castiel led the way back into the building, kicking the rock aside that was holding the door open. He didn’t speak as Dean followed him, and neither did Dean. He let them both into his apartment, shutting the door firmly behind them. He turned back to the still-gorgeous man standing in a place he never thought he’d see him. “How on earth did you find me?”
“No, this actually really bothers me.” Castiel took a step back, watching Dean’s hand fall back to his side. Why was Dean acting so cagey about this? Couldn’t he see this was what he wanted? What he needed? “You won’t fuck me, you won’t take what you claim to want. It makes me wonder if you even want me at all.” Castiel spat the last sentence, positively furious now. Irrational as he was being, this was pissing him off, and right now, this was the last thing he wanted.
The man chuckled, but it just sounded tired. “Nah, but I could be in an hour or so? You wanna go back to my place? Maybe have a drink?”
Dean’s rhythm started slow, “Can’t get you all worked up for nothing, right?” he said. He pulled all the way out, and started his process of splitting Castiel open all over again. All through it, Castiel keened and whined, begging him to go faster. Dean kept himself carefully distanced that his thighs never hit Castiel’s ass, but at this point, Castiel was pleased to take what he could get. And what a getting it was.
“I—“ Tears started leaking, blurring his vision. He tried to push his voice out to be heard. Why couldn’t he just grow up and handle this like an adult?
Dean kissed like he seemed to live. Brash and unapologetic, but almost unbearably sweet. He knew how to kiss, knew how to make the other person feel it all the way down to their toes, and clearly enjoyed doing it. Castiel pulled back, needing to breathe, but Dean just followed his lips, dragging him in again. Dean kept one hand low on his back, stroking the skin that peeked from between Castiel’s shirt and pants. Castiel couldn't have pulled away first if he wanted to.
Dean hesitated, but shook his head. Castiel looked away and nodded, pulling his hand back, where it felt cold without Dean’s breath.
Castiel swallowed and worked his jaw for a few seconds before speaking. “Do… do they—Bobby and Missouri— know why I’m here?”
"Who gave you a hickey? I never knew that!" Cas thought Dean sounded scandalized.
She wasn’t convinced. “Mr. Brown, if there’s something specific you need, I can help. I don’t have time to accommodate everyone who wanders through trying to set up a very expensive machine to look at ‘local history’ all day.”
"What do you know about hickeys?"
“—well I still don’t seem to caaaaaaaaaare—“ Dean belted as he rolled out from underneath. He stood up and wiggled his hips a bit as if he was performing for an audience. Castiel couldn't hide his laugh. Dean jumped at the sound, which only made Castiel laugh harder.
Dean scooped up his bottle and took a long sip. Wiping his mouth on the back of his hand, he said, “Sorry, we got busy. You know, being adults and shit.”
He winced and rolled down the window, preparing himself to be yelled at or worse. Still, even as Cas stormed up to the car, Dean couldn’t help but take in his features like he was a man dying of thirst out in the desert. His hair had grown out a bit longer, curling on the sides and in the back. For once, he didn’t look so tired and drawn under his eyes. He looked well-rested and like he’d actually had a few decent meals in recent memory. Dean didn’t recognize the clothes he had on, a nice button up and dark jeans with a wool coat over top. When Dean had met Cas, it had been in the heat of summer. It was rare that Dean saw him in anything heavier than shirtsleeves. He looked taken care of. He looked good. He looked like any other twenty-one year old in America. Twenty-two now, Dean mentally corrected himself. Cas had his birthday in September. Another day he’d missed thanks to his stupidity.
“Still,” Dean continued, his tone different. “Bet you’d be a pretty handsy drunk.”
Progress is made!
Castiel raised an eyebrow and licked his lips, “Are we going to need witnesses?”
Dean had dug until he found a rectangular pine box, about six feet long. The corners had rotted away and the whole texture looked termite-eaten and soft. He nudged the box open with his toe, an easy feat with its age, and inside were a pile of bones. “Surprised they let him get buried here without cremation.”
Suddenly, a text popped up from a number replaced by skull emojis.
Dean laughed as he tossed the last hat on the table behind him. He’d swept the frankly distressing collection of masquerade masks from the tabletop to where they lay in a pile on the ground. “Do we just burn ‘em all?” He asked, surveying the lot. Three were black and rather plain-looking, but the other four were various jewel tones of fine felt. One even had a brocade ribbon going around the whole thing with an honest-to-god feather sticking out of it.
Dean’s starting to put some pieces together and Castiel adds to his criminal record.
Cas blushed harder. “I didn’t want you getting away without saying goodbye. Figured it’d be more inconvenient for you to explain why you were leaving your poor, busted-up boyfriend alone in a hospital, and maybe I’d get a chance to talk to you before you left town.”
Dean snorted at the thought; as often as those come up in small schools like these.
“And remember, who has the control in this situation?”
That night, Dean told Alex they couldn’t hang out in public anymore.
“You don’t say.”
Nodding furiously, Dean reached out again. “Sure, we can head back home and—“
Principal Zachariah Adler stood in the doorway, looking startled and annoyed at finding two staff members—well, one official staff member and one imposter—standing in his private office. He hesitated only a moment. “Okay, what’s the meaning of this? Mr. Novak?”
A brief hesitation, but then a nod.
“What makes you say that?” Cas smirked.
“The eyes, they’re all of the same person. Just in different colors and designs.” Each piece was an eye or a set of eyes. Some were huge floor to ceiling pieces, casting baleful gazes over their viewers. Some were smaller, more intimate peeks into life, all in swirling eddies of bright greens, blues, yellows, and scarlets. Dean’s favorite was a tie between the original piece Castiel had painted for him, the only piece with no price tag on it as it was headed back to its permanent home in the garage after the show, and the huge piece Dean said looked like a merman or Davy Jones, the skin around the eye clustered with shells and barnacles, the fury of the ocean obvious in the color palette. Castiel’s favorite piece was this one in front of him—the demon eye he called Azaezel in memory of the client who started him on his path of depravity, but also into his new life.
Dean plowed on, looking fairly lost with his hands dangling loose at his side. “I don’t. That’s just a fact, man. You are… miles too good for me.” The corner of his mouth twitched, not in a smile, but into what Castiel thought was a wince, quickly reeled in. “And someday, you’re gonna figure out that you deserve someone who can give you what you want, and you’re gonna leave.”
“Remember to chew with your mouth closed, boy. You’ve got company.” Missouri said, raising an eyebrow. Dean stuck his tongue out at her childishly and got swatted for his trouble. Castiel smiled down at his plate when Dean nudged him playfully, tucking in eagerly.
. “Amen,” he said, closing the book.
“I am. I paint stuff for people around town. Anna teaches real dance classes.”
Cas shoved him lightly. “I shouldn’t even be counted as one of them. I’m a speech teacher.”
“Shut up. I’ve been miserable.” He might as well be honest. Dean thought he was making Castiel happy by leaving? What a fucking joke. “I almost didn’t go out with him at all. I haven’t been with anyone since I left. I can’t be with anybody else.”
“I was just—we were...” Castiel swiveled his head between Dean and his boss.
“It wasn’t just a job for me either.”
“He wouldn’t be hard to find. He’s Dick Roman.”
Castiel would have yelled. He was bratty, hotheaded, spirited when he thought he could get away with it, and never anything less than exactly himself—even when he thought he had to put on a show. Dean loved it to pieces about him, and could have punched something when Castiel took Dean’s offer to leave so quickly and without a fight. He didn’t want to send Castiel away. It was the last thing he wanted. He wanted to bundle Castiel up in his house, make a nest with the softest blankets he owned, and tune out the news, the cameras, every prying eye that told Castiel he was rough trade, or not worth his place at Dean’s side. Because they were wrong. They were all wrong. Dean knew he’d drag Castiel down with his shit. He’d known it from the very start. He took a perfectly good kid—maybe a little rough around the edges from a few too many tough-but-necessary choices—and broke his heart and stole his future.
“Feels so good, Dean—Dean!” Castiel babbled on, pushing himself back into Dean. He heard a gasp in response and knew he had thrown Dean a bit off kilter with how much he was enjoying this. Inch by inch, Dean sank into him, filling him up in ways he had never experienced. By the time that Dean had bottomed out, Castiel was seeing stars, panting into his skin.
Traffic was light considering the time of day. It was hardly past six. In another hour, Cas would be at the high school, getting ready for their eight o’clock show. Dean knew he was worried about opening night, knew he thought the kids weren’t ready. He’d thought it was cute he was so worried about it, though he hadn’t told Cas that.
“He said… that I should ask you to paint something.”
The nurse squinted, not totally believing him, but she gestured towards the door. “You can go right in. He’ll be glad to see you.” She walked back down towards the lobby, leaving Dean standing outside the door.
“I dunno, Cas. If you’ve got more studying to do, I don’t know if I’m going to have a choice.”
“Yeah, Ron Kaiser is not very down with the spirits.”
Castiel blinked. “What kind of surprise is this?”
“Yeah. I—uh... yeah.” Dean shuffled around where he stood, unable to settle.
Dean swore.
Dean glanced up and smirked at his expression. Slowly, he stood up and walked around the desk, hands in his pockets. Head held high, and surveying him with an easy regality, made Castiel feel small and he instinctively drew his arms in a little tighter to his torso. Dean eased himself into Castiel’s space so his hands rested on the arms of Castiel’s chair. Castiel felt his eyes widen and he drew in a breath. Dean smelled delectable. Spice and musk with a warm undertone that Castiel could not name.
Castiel stood up and pulled his pants up, groaning at the soreness he felt from having been tense for so long. “And you prefer to be the one doing the ordering around?”
The finger vanished and reappeared, slicker this time. Castiel wondered when Dean would add another finger. And then another. And then his cock perhaps. Would he tell Castiel when he was ready? What if he wasn’t stretched enough? Castiel felt his breath catch when Dean started thrusting lightly into him, but he couldn't find the same pleasure in the act that he had. He screwed his eyes shut and thrust back onto Dean’s fingers, gasping when a particularly hard jab caught his insides uncomfortably. He could do this. He could totally do this. People did it all the time, especially sex workers. What if he wasn’t any good at this? Would Dean throw him out? Gabriel’s words started low in the back of his head again. He was right, Castiel was there for one purpose only, to make Dean feel good. And Castiel would do anything for Dean. He couldn't  hear Dean whispering to him anymore, it was drowned out by the rushing sound in his ears. He became aware that he wasn’t hard anymore and he redoubled his focus, trying to just feel Dean’s hands on him, soothing. But no, the hands were restricting. Pulling. Shoving. Castiel grit his teeth and tried to find that pleasure again.
“And why would you think that?” Castiel was well aware of how quickly this moment could be ruined if Dean said something like ‘because you’re a hooker.’
“Why?”
Cas had big hands, and the heat of them pressed to his hips like a vice was making Dean’s mind wander into what it might feel like to get held down by those hands, just like Cas had talked about. He fumbled for the buttons on Cas’s sensible white button-up. It was rumpled and wrinkled by Dean’s clutching fingers, and it was time for it to come off.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “It’s not like I went off and gambled away all my money. This even covers your half.”
Anna asked a question here and there. Some made sense, like the name of the store and what major roads were nearby, but some were illogical: what color does the mural use most of? how would you describe the shapes?
Panic now, on Castiel’s face. “Adler?”
Dean pulled off of Castiel entirely and Castiel quickly withdrew his hand from Dean’s hair, afraid he had done something wrong. But Dean simply straddled Castiel where he sat on the big chair, folding his legs up on either side of Castiel’s lap. This new position brought Dean’s cock in direct contact with Castiel’s, and only then did Castiel remember that he had technically given Dean a two-part order. Dean’s hair was a mess from Castiel’s hand in it and his eyes had a feral look about them, like this was somehow doing as much for him as it was for Castiel. Castiel wasn’t sure how that was possible, as he was sure he was ruined for anything else for the rest of his goddamn life.
Dean leaned back. “That’s the beautiful thing, Cas. As the submissive, you really got all the power here. You can tell me when to stop and I’ll stop. All I’m doing is taking the control and directing it in a way that lets you sit back and enjoy.”
in the next room.
Trevor’s face split into a wide grin. “I’d be delighted to, Castiel. Pick you up at six?”
Melody tilted her head. She turned back to Cas. “Kevin’s in room 14 on the east side.” She jabbed her thumb over her shoulder to the east wing. “His mother’s already been in today, but she sometimes shows up after lunch too.”
Mr. Winchester brushed the excess salt off his hands as he finished off the last of Castiel’s fries. “We do a lot of things. Got our hands in a wide variety of things. But we’ll talk about that later; do you want to come home with me?”
“Weird how?”
Castiel blinked. “Um.” He said, intelligently.
Castiel glanced at Winchester. Anna stood then and paced between the couch and the bookcase against the wall. “And another thing, why is he even here? After what he put you through— what the news said about you…” She turned to Winchester. “Who do you think you are?”
Bobby raised an eyebrow, clearly not buying any of that for a minute. “You have a fight or something?”
“You want to sneak in?” Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Ron said the place didn’t have any ghosts.”
Castiel smiled. “No, honestly they’re Anna’s, but I’ll buy her new ones.”
Where would he go?
he’d said.
“Very adequate. Probably went too deep at first, but… that’s fixable.” Cas grinned at him.
“I’ll make it my business to know.”
It was nice.
Castiel tries not to smile at the way Mr. Winchester ignores her flirtations the entire time.
“Where’s your phone?”
Dean’s hand stroked him, played with his shaft, and ground against the head of his cock, making him squirm. Oh, but this was just like Dean, wasn’t it? Start off innocent, but spiral into something so dirty, you couldn't help but feel like you were getting away with too much. Castiel gasped as his touch increased in pressure, giving him something delightfully firm to grind into, while feeling sweat start pooling at his back.
“But what if—“
“I am sorry,” he said. “I just needed some time to think. You won’t believe who I met.”
The middle school was attached to the high school, making his area of coverage a bit bigger than he liked, but luckily, his target was smack in the middle. He continued down the hallway past a few Home Ec classrooms and, inexplicably, a corner piled with paper cut-outs of buffalos. A large gray sign hung above a trash can, pointing down the next hallway to the theater. Dean took a last glance around the deserted hall, and soldiered on.
lucky, even cozy up under a threadbare motel blanket with him to stave off the cold. He couldn’t do this on the road business forever, but maybe with some time to get used to the idea, he’d have a better reason to quit altogether. Dean twisted this over in his head before he spoke, quietly. “But if I asked you to come with me, you would?”
As they turned down Elm, Anna broke the silence again. “But really… are you and Trevor gonna bang?”
Flushing crimson, Cas still refused to look at him. “I’m not dumb, Dean. I know you don’t like to put down roots anywhere, least of all with a small-town teacher in the middle of nowhere. And that first night—when we were talking about my ex and—then I guess the other nights—.”
“Don’t mind me,” she whispered. “His rib is still swelling a bit more than I’d like to see, so I’m hoping he doesn’t wake up in pain.”
Anita was set down in her basket near the door while he paged through the Jackson Pollack book. The images were incredible, taking up full spreads in the book with detailed descriptions of Pollack’s process and inspiration beside each one. From a technical standpoint, Castiel hated Pollack to pieces. Who did he think he was, just dripping paint of a canvas on the dirty floor of his garage and calling it art? What was the point? But from an artistic viewpoint, Castiel appreciated the man’s ingenuity. He hated it when people looked at a piece of work and said, “I could do that,” as if comparing the artist’s skill to that of a civilian could take the arts off their finely crafted pedestal. Yes, anyone could paint, but true genius came from being the first one to put it on canvas and call it art. He scoffed at a critic’s review of Pollack’s exhibit in New York as it was printed next to
Hello everyone! What follows is some questions that were asked a few times over the course of the story between this page and my Tumblr. They're in no real order, but they do tie up some loose ends.
“Dean Winchester.” Dean said gruffly, not moving to extend his hand when Melody stood up.
“No, I’ll try it. You worked so hard on it. A little bit of sauce, please. Not too much.”
“Might connect a few dots in other break-ins, right?”
Castiel shrugged. “There’s only two rooms—one upstairs for kid movies and one on the main level. They show two movies a week. Sometimes it’s the only thing to do in town. Is that haunted too?”
Too soon, Castiel was being hauled up and propped up on the sink, the man almost tearing at his pants button in his inexperienced urgency to get at skin.
“Made it myself.” Dean said, proudly. “Out of an old Walkman.”
“Sometimes those on the outside cannot understand what they are looking at, I suppose.” Sr. Guerrero said, sagely. “But what does Pollack care? He likes his paint splatters just fine.”
Sighing, Dean scrounged around for his notepad in his jacket pocket. The catwalk did look a little hazy from the ground. He’d definitely try to get up there tonight and look around. This Novak guy might even help him pull down the cable. “Well, I’m going to try to figure out who the fucker is, first. Then I gotta find where he’s buried, dig up the remains, and—“ he stopped. “you know what, never mind. Just rest easy knowing I’ll take care of this.”
“We’re staying for the time being. We wound up here after passing through Omaha. Seemed like a good spot to settle. For a while at least.” Castiel didn’t mention that he couldn’t stay in Omaha because there were too many people, and crowds reminded him too much of Chicago, and Chicago reminded him too much of Dean.
Shrugging, Anna said, “Truthfully, I dunno if I can bear to leave my kiddos after this.” She took another swig of her water and stood up to join the rest of the dancers, congregating again in the middle of the studio after their break.
Cas was laid up in the room’s only bed, a clean white cast extending from just above his knee to his toes. He had bandages here and there, marking where Dean had not seen where the ghost got him, including a particularly nasty slice on his face held together by a butterfly bandage. Dean grimaced at his lack of diagnostic skill. He’d been so worried and relieved about seeing Cas again, about Cas talking to him again, he was willing to take whatever he could get. Cas looked around and waved slightly, the heartbeat monitor on his finger leading to a screen that pulsed steadily by his side.
doing here?" followed by a resounding
Dean was pissed. Castiel knew that. Dean was pissed off enough that he was only using Castiel’s full name, and he wasn’t letting Castiel look at him. That had never been in question before: if they were doing anything, they would do it face to face. While he thought it was weird at first, Castiel had very quickly learned to adore the closeness, and seek out more when he felt he wasn’t getting enough. That Dean was denying him that now said there would be hell to pay later. But how could Castiel complain about anything when he felt the blunt warm tip of
“I’m going to hope that’s a compliment.”
Dean rooted around in his jacket pocket for the now-crumpled picture they’d taken from the Lincoln Manor. “The guy he changed into. You didn’t happen to catch a glimpse of someone who looked like this, did you?”
As for the brush-off behavior earlier, Dean had been getting used to being clingy with Cas over the course of the day, but maybe… that was it? Maybe Cas was starting to regret letting Dean stay here, and was hoping Dean would have been gone by now?
“You shouldn’t be digging up things you are no match for.”
“Uh—no family life. My parents are dead, and I don’t have any siblings.” Cas frowned harder at the table before looking up. “Really, I was just getting away from my ex.”
Andy scratched his head. “Well, that ones a bit more complicated. School’s only been there since about... 1968? It’s been kinda weird though. That one teacher at the beginning—he died early on. Been hard keeping teachers up there. Fancy, extra course kinda teachers, you know—electives.”
"A girl named Meg. You don't know her."
Castiel chuckled humorlessly. The amount of times he was pushed into something he wasn’t quite ready for was far too high for his liking. “For what it’s worth, I really wanted it to work with you and me. You’re… you’re great.”
“Good, good.” Smooth finish, Winchester. He supposed he was still safely in his boundaries. He could do this. He just... wouldn’t sleep with Castiel again until the case was over. Ever again... he meant ever again. One time thing. One night stand. And they could part as friends after this. Friends who definitely knew what the other looked like when he came. Friends who may or may not have tried some life-altering new choices. No consequences there, right?
Dean shrugged. “Still missed you. Had a surprise for you and everything.”
Castiel wakes up, and has some business to attend to.
Ice coursed through Castiel’s veins at Trevor’s words. He remembered Dean saying the same phrase exactly to him in the middle of his overly-clean living room, right before they started this mess.
“Later Castiel.” Dean’s tone was sharper now, leaving no room for argument. It was one of the only times he had ever used Castiel’s full name and he didn’t like the sound of it in Dean’s mouth.
“It’s because you’re practically their age.” Dean said, gleefully accepting the shove into the lockers the remark earned him.
“Sorry, man, not gonna happen.” Dean leveled his pistol at him. He didn’t relish the thought of shooting Cas, but a salt bullet would hurt a hell of a lot less than an actual bullet.
“Hey,” Dean pulled back, licking his lips and chasing the taste of Cas off his mouth. “Can I try something?”
“Not when they’re the eyes of your hired escort, no.” Castiel had put himself at peace with his place in Dean’s life. Dean wanted him there, there was no mistake.
Castiel shrunk back into himself and pulled his body out from underneath Dean’s. “Do you want me to go?”
- she and Jo are having the time of their lives in small-town Kansas. They’re well on their way to graduation and have tentative plans to buy out the studio with Trevor.
“Well, to be honest, I didn’t expect you to let me tag along.” Castiel grabbed another book, this one much dustier. “Almost expected you to shoot me right on the spot.”
“Pleased to meetcha, Cas.” Dean smiled.
“It’s my fashion house, darling. My name on the building and letterhead.” She curtsied and turned to leave. Castiel reached out and grabbed her arm, pulling it back just as quickly in case he got burned or smote or whatever.
Novak rubbed his forehead. “Please tell me that’s the only weird thing you hunt. You don’t go looking for... werewolves too, do you?”
“Okay, okay. Bossy.” Dean turned away, reaching for his cell. He lay back against the pillows, waiting for his phone to turn on. When the power screen cleared, Dean’s phone was also hit by more than a dozen texts and missed phone calls, turning his cell into a vibrating brick. He looked to Castiel with a questioning look, panic rising in his eyes. “Um, Cas? …did I miss something?”
The entire ride to the Roadhouse, Sam tried to pry information out of his brother. Castiel was an art student, he came from Pontiac, he liked his pancakes with honey instead of syrup. Sam didn’t even know what Castiel looked like.
“Did you always know you wanted to be an artist?”
“And shows. You do art shows. You can make money that way.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “I know he’s not your boyfriend.”
At least the latest case wasn’t a death. The student in question was able to get out of the way of a falling set piece, just barely avoided fatal head trauma. He was recovering in the hospital with a few minor scrapes and only a moderate concussion. The papers said he had sworn up and down a man in black pushed the set piece down, that he had seen just a glimpse of him, but he was
“So what are we going to do, exactly?” Castiel lingered by the trunk of the Impala, peering curiously into Dean’s assortment of weapons, traps, and the inexplicable box of fake IDs.
Castiel liked the woman, thought she could have a wicked sense of humor when she wanted to, but he really hated her right now. The way that Dean let his head fall back into the overly fluffy pillows told him that Dean was having similar thoughts.
“Don’t even think about it, cowboy.” Cas growled. Dean froze. “You’re warm, and the apartment’s always fucking freezing in the morning,” Cas continued. “Let me at least make you breakfast before you start your usual brooding and stalking around.”
The wings seemed pretty standard, for all that Dean’s limited experience in high school theater’s allowed. Solid brick behind here leading into the shop. Dean tapped at the walls here and there. Nothing even hollow in the structure. He aimed the beam of his flashlight up towards the fly system. That was apparently where the kid saw a black figure right before a heavy piece of set dropped. The light system swung gently above him, with a metal catwalk attached. He didn’t know if there was a way for him to get up there, especially not being able to operate the fly system by himself. Shame he didn’t have Sam here with him. The kid would’ve known how to get him up there.
“It’s just study hall and sophomore English after lunch.” Castiel shrugged.
“I definitely get it. If I wasn’t such a greedy bastard myself, I wouldn’t even dare to put Castiel through this.”
“Cas, look at this.” Dean pushed the stack across the table. “After 1930, the deaths start spiking, look—“ He paged through a dozen or more reports. “1931—four teachers gone, three because of death; 1932—
Definitely blushing now. “Well, thanks Cas, but this business isn’t really one you have to try hard to break into.”
Cas’s head swam, there was so much pleasure and fire coursing through his entire body. He let his head hit the chair behind him as his body seized up, painting his stomach with white. He noticed Dean was still thrusting desperately against him and without thinking, he closed his fist around Dean’s cock once more. Dean dipped his head to rest against Cas’s shoulder, panting.
Castiel shrugged and pulled out a pen, searching his pants and jacket pockets for some paper. When he came up empty, he turned to Anna, who was already offering her smooth, pale forearm. Castiel uncapped the pen with his teeth and spoke around the plastic. “Gotta love the extra tips though, right?” Dark lines of ink started to flow across Anna’s skin, feathering in places, and taking structure in others.
Dean stopped on the stairs, not turning. “What?”
“Shit, fuck.” Dean’s strong hands suddenly clamped down on Castiel’s back, telling him wordlessly to jump. When he did, Dean grabbed his thighs tight, pulling Castiel into a rough kiss. Castiel carded his hands through Dean’s hair, pulling his head back to suck at Dean’s throat. Dean walked them over to the gray couch, depositing Castiel securely on the middle cushion.
Castiel wandered over to his corner of the garage and stood in front of his canvas. Progress on Dean’s not-commission was going well so far. He had finished up the basic sketch earlier today, working for hours to tweak the graphite lines until he was satisfied with them. He could start with the base painting soon. The eyes still looked rather spooky, staring blankly out of the white canvas with no real definition. They looked flat and empty.
“You mean he didn’t think you were a janitor?” Cas glanced at him, and raised his eyebrow, teasing him. Now that they weren’t dead or dying, maybe Dean could convince him to have a drink. The bars were likely still open, and Dean was desperate to see what kind of drunk Castiel was. They could torch the body, scatter the ashes, and probably still make last call.
He slowly swayed his hips in rhythm with the music, not going too fast, but keeping it pretty natural. He stayed close to Dean, no more than a hand’s reach away. He pulled his shirt off slowly, revealing his stomach inch by inch. Dean kept his eyes glued to the skin as it was revealed. Castiel tugged the shirt over his chest, thumbing his own nipples along the way. He made a sound, causing Dean to answer with a small whimper of his own at the sight. Ruffling his hair as he pulled it all the way off, he dropped the shirt behind himself, kicking it away so he couldn't slip on it, accidentally. That would kinda ruin the moment.
He could picture it. Himself, spread out over a bed similar to the huge white one in his room, his ankles and wrists tied down, unable to move. But he didn't feel unsafe in this scenario. Dean leaned over him, kissing him, touching him…
“So… bondage?” He turned it into a question, looking up expectantly at Dean.
“Omaha has a cool underground scene, and there’s an art scene too. It’s not as big as Chicago’s. Of course, there’s also New York if we’re really aiming for the stars here. And it’s not like rent would be too much—“
Two ghosts could be indicative of a bigger problem at hand, Dean mused. “I mean, what are we talking? Vengeful brides? Miserly owners?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel thought, like he had thought many times before, that it was laughable to think that he would deny this man anything. He gripped into Dean’s shirt harder and felt his resolve solidify.
“I’m gay, Dean.” Cas swung around. Eyes blazing and chest heaving. “The only reason I got this job is because my great aunt was on the school board.”
together. Dean wouldn't allow it. Wouldn't allow them to get closer than rubbing up against each other like horny sophomores in high school, desperate for any action they could get. Dean hadn’t taken it further than the last night Castiel had needed Dean to take control and stop what was happening. He'd said he couldn't trust Castiel if he couldn't even stay checked in enough to safeword if he needed.
Mr. Winchester nodded sagely. “I know. But if you’re willing, I’ll make it worth your while. That was what you were after, right? Some rich old guy to pay you to give it up?”
With a smack, Castiel pulled away. “Come on.” He stepped away and pulled Dean by the hand to the hallway.
“Now, I’m going to use this little finger massager thing. And I’m gonna use it on your cock.” Castiel jumped as Dean’s warm palm smoothed over his side. His voice dropped down to a whisper, “It’s gonna feel so good, baby. Is that okay?”
“Can’t think about it?” Cas’s confused look was back. “Or can’t
The person on the other side picked up after the first ring.
“Nah, that bitch is pregnant. I just know it.” Anna said it with such a straight face and with such solemnity, Castiel found himself chuckling. Becky-From-Work was Castiel’s favorite of Anna’s gripes. The burlesque club where she worked had a group of seven incredibly talented dancers, but none of them seemed to be able to get along for more than two weeks. Someone was always getting on another’s nerves or stealing her tips. Better than a soap opera for those who didn’t have cable.
When Dean suddenly stalked forward, Castiel had no choice but to step back, all but tripping over his own feet. “Seems to me like you’ve been getting a little mouthy lately, don’t you think?
“Don’t give it up that easily, darling.” Bela cautioned, mischief flickering her expression between seriousness and mirth. “If you’re good at something, attach a price tag.”
“I’m sure your friend appreciates how complicated you think you are. Otherwise…” he looked up at Castiel, “I will kill him.”
Kevin shrugged. “Just a prop I had in my hand. Some metal piping I needed for the lights.”
“We’re just…changing some of the dynamic?”
“Good,” Dean said, nodding and leaning his head against the back of the couch, closing his eyes. “Because you might try to hide those pretty faces from me if you knew.”
“Maybe we can work out a quid pro quo?”
Dean pulled back, opening the tube with a slowness that had Castiel nearly clawing his face over. He held Castiel’s gaze as it dripped over his fingers, rubbing it into the whorls of his fingertips. “I want you to know that I’ve been waiting for this moment since I first saw you in that dive. But I’m so glad it’s now instead of then.”
When they were seated, Dean put a reasonable amount of space between them, though he visibly struggled with the distance. It seemed Castiel wasn’t the only one dealing with a dry spell. “Sam mentioned that there might be some confusion as to why I asked you to leave.”
The nurse checked her wrist. “Nearly eight. He slept well and everything?” She lifted the bandage over one of the cuts near his eye and clucked disapprovingly.
Except maybe one place.
side, even in his head. He rolled over and faced the wall, waiting for Cas to come back. He kept an eye on the green-numbered alarm clock on the bedside table. Watched it click through an hour. Then two hours. Three. Still, Cas didn’t return to bed.
“Dean.” Castiel breathed out in relief.
Sr. Guerrero’s latest and greatest hobby was telling Castiel he didn’t eat enough with a wide smile and a teasing wink. Castiel expected the same when he walked into the store, tsking at the small blue-gray cat, Anita, who tried to paw her way up into his arms immediately upon entry. Instead, as he brought a purring Anita to the counter and set her down, Sr. Guerrero took one look at him, and said “I see that your woman is giving you troubles.”
“I just don’t want this to turn into something bad for you.”
Castiel could tell that Dean was getting close, because his thrusts were getting faster and shallower. “Gonna come for me?” He egged Dean on. “Gonna come in your underwear? Yeah, you’re so close, aren’t you? Want me to come with you? Make a mess all over your pretty car?”
“After the name, I gotta go track down either a living relative or some city records—find out where the fucker is buried.”
He leaned in real close to Dean’s ear, “Why don’t you order me around more?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I won’t promise not to be disappointed if you say no, and I’ll forever remember you as the hot stranger that blew into town to tell me my school was haunted, but no… I just like being with you. And kissing you, if that’s acceptable.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Your brother?”
“I thought so.”
Dean swung around so he was facing Castiel again. Cas snorted. “You don’t have to do that, you know.”
Castiel snatched his hand back. He was angry and confused, and more than a little frustrated with how cryptic Dean was being. “Why do you keep trying? It was a business transaction, we knew that. A contract.”
Huffing, Cas whirled to face him. “What, you can’t you just leave me alone?”
“Ye-es?” Castiel was confused.
easily, and didn’t disappoint now.
Dean nodded. “Can I borrow your keys a sec?” Castiel stood to grab them off the counter and tossed them to Dean, utterly nonplussed. Dean slipped out the door and thundered down the stairs. Castiel crossed his arms and sat down on the far side of the sofa. What a night this had turned out to be.
Cas slapped his arm playfully. “I resent that! I’m at least a solid 8 in Chicago!”
“No.”
If there was anything shameful about how Dean treated him, it was in this. In how good it felt to be employed and servicing this man. And it had a hell of a reward.
Dean blushed, grinning the whole time. “Nah, I prolly taste like cheap beer and cheaper whiskey.”
Castiel sighed. “I still didn’t say he was a boy.”
- No. Castiel never bothered to connect the two names, because it’s none of his business if his clients want to use their real names. Really, Castiel is lucky he never got the chance to meet his original date in the bar, because Balthazar probably would have kicked him out of the institute way sooner. They’re both in the dark about each other, but Balthazar has some issues of his own to work out. He’s married.
Castiel clenched his hands in the fabric of Dean’s over shirt. “Bullshit. Why’d you let me drive out of that garage?”
“Was your first time with someone you loved?” Castiel asked.
Cas moved to his side, crouching down. “Oswald possessed him? I didn’t know ghosts could do that.”
Castiel pushed forward, landing his mouth uncomfortably against Dean’s. He tasted like spearmint gum, which Castiel instantly hated the flavor of. He pressed in closer, trying to find the flavor of Dean underneath. Dean’s hands came up to his biceps, holding, but not quite pushing him away. His fingers swept slowly up and down the skin exposed by Castiel’s t-shirt, trying to soothe him. Castiel’s hands grabbed for Dean’s belt, pulling his dress shirt roughly out of where it was tucked. Dean grunted in surprise. Fumbling with the zipper, Castiel got his hand down Dean’s pants, where he found Dean disappointingly soft. Well, not for long. He started stroking gently, how he knew Dean liked. There was a haze forming in Castiel’s mind. He knew he wasn’t doing this right, but he couldn't bring himself to care. He had to have Dean, had to be had by Dean right now. Dean’s hands increased their pressure on his biceps, pushing him away now. He struggled briefly, but Dean was much stronger than he was.
paint, but that didn’t mean everyone
“Fuck—!” Dean could only watch in horror as the ladder jilted and fell to the stage below with Cas still on it. He gripped the side of the catwalk as it swung back and forth. He chanced a glance down just as Cas hit the ground with a sickening crunch. It was only about six or seven feet from the stage, but enough that Dean could hear Cas groan. Dean forced himself to look away. Now that the spirit was safely out of Cas, he could burn this fucker out of existence. He searched in his pocket for his lighter. He pulled the Zippo and the bowler hat—squashed beyond recognition now—from his jacket and held them up like deliverance.
Pursing her lips, Anna considered. “Probably just needs a piece ready to show for finals. Maybe more if he really wants to make an impression on the professors. And a place in the program, obviously.” She paused. “What are you planning, Winchester?” She had a feeling she already knew.
He really was quite alone.
“You a Chevy man, Ron?” Dean couldn’t help but ask.
“Cas,” Dean called his attention away and back to below his navel. Cas looked down to see Dean panting against his thigh. “Cas, I need… I want you to fuck me…” Cas couldn’t speak for a long moment, they just stared at each other. Cas looked for any sign in Dean's face that he was joking, but he didn’t see anything but overwhelming desire. Cas groaned, grabbing Dean behind the neck and pulling him up to shove his tongue in his mouth. Dean got his legs underneath him so he was leaning over Cas and put his hands on either side of Cas’s face, sweetening the kiss almost beyond what Cas could handle and also pulling him in deeper. Dean kissed along his jaw and bit lightly at the place where his ear met his jaw. He dipped lower and tucked kisses along with his words.
A mischievous twinkle lit Dean’s eye, ”Then do you want to go for a drive?”
Sam reached out to grasp his shoulder, grounding him. “Dean.”
“Won’t that look pretty bad if you hire someone without a degree?”
“Be that as it may... are you serious? Is it all real?” Novak seemed more curious now than suspicious.
“Calvin Klein,” Dean shot back, winking.
“Right now, Cas. I’m ready, you gotta fuck me right now.” Cas groaned loud and long. He reached down to line himself up and, with Dean’s help, pushed into the tight heat of Dean. He buried his face in Dean’s neck, barely able to wait until Dean hissed “Move!” in his ear to thrust slow and deep into the man below him. Dean keened, pushing up to meet him, hands scrabbling all over Cas’s body. Cas propped himself up on his elbows to gain leverage and dipped down to kiss Dean right as he thrust into him. Their rhythm was slow and rolling and hit all the places that made both of them cry out into each mouths. Cas dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder. Each thrust made Cas quake at the knees. It was so drawn out that Cas could feel the lightning zing up his spine with every stroke.
Dean tugged them towards the ensuite bathroom. They both stumbled briefly over the pile of clothes left on the ground, but neither stopped to pick them up or to even stop kissing to look where they were going. When their feet hit cold tile, Dean promptly backed Castiel up to the wall nearest the all-glass shower. The tiles felt almost unbearably cold against Castiel’s skin, but the heat Dean was throwing off in front of him more than made up for it. Dean reached behind himself to start the water. In no time, the whole room was filled with steam, though Castiel thought it should have taken far longer with the size of the space. Wealthy people, honestly…
Cas snorted, leaning back and totally at ease. “No, they won’t shut it down. Principal Adler knows we’ve put too much time into this show to do that.” Dean noticed he definitely did not mention that he’d been fired from the school.
Castiel just wished he knew what he was waiting for.
“How do you know he’s not just scamming you for your money?”
“I have a gluten allergy, and our table is two milk crates.”
“Especially that big couch in the main one we made out on that one time.” Castiel fell so fast and hard for this man, there was no doubt he wanted to stick around for the rest of his stupid life. And knowing he wasn’t alone in that feeling? Amazing.
Chuckling, Castiel glanced down again. “There’s a lot of good energy in this room. Makes it easy to get inspired.”
“I’m gay, Dean. Not a child.” Cas said frankly.
Castiel knew he was staring. The man’s eyes were green. And not just green, but green. The kind of color you see in pictures and wonder if it was photoshopped. The color you forget eyes can be. The kind of green that makes you think of leaves, lit up by the sunlight and made to glow.
Hank looked up and thought a moment. “Had to be at least twelve by now. Last eight years or so they really seem to come and go. Bad pay.” The three men nodded sagely at each other.
“Look, it’s not a big deal, okay?” Dean tilted Castiel’s head up to look directly at him. “We’ll get there. We just… haven’t… yet. It’s fine.”
“Does that feeling ever change?”
“Yeah, I’ll eat at your lunch table, dork.” Dean punched him playfully in the arm.
it was a mistake.”
Flipping the photograph over, Castiel spoke. “It doesn’t give any other information as to who he is, does it?”
“Do we ever make pasta without meatballs?”
“Sure thing—long as you don’t intend to be competition!” Kaiser laughed good-naturedly, slapping Dean playfully on the shoulder.
“I can’t handle myself?”
“No, don’t Cas me, Dean Winchester. You don’t know me, don’t presume to tell me what I will and will not—oof!” Castiel was cut off when Dean’s lips landed firmly on his own, his hands immediately going to the bolt of Castiel’s jaw, willing him to give Dean’s tongue space to work.
Castiel swallowed. “I thought he looked at me like I was crazy.”
The grin on Gabriel’s face was absolutely gleeful now. “Hoooooooo boy. Dean-o has really got himself in some trouble this time, hasn’t he? Tell me, did he come looking for you, or were you trolling for a sucker and came across him?”
“For—you know... not—not making it weird or anything.” Fuck, but Dean was out here doing an excellent job of making it weird on his own.
“Maybe our ghost had an interest in some good ol’ low brow comedy?” Castiel tilted his head.
“He isn’t like that, really. He was fine yesterday.” Dean recognized one of the ensemble girls, the one who didn’t have many lines, but reacted well to things going on around her on stage. The sheriff nodded and asked how long he’d been a teacher there. “Not long, our last director quit right before school. He’d been… having a hard time.”
As Mr. Winchester leads them down the road to a huge and shiny black car that just screams ecological disaster, Castiel tries to quell the uprising of butterflies in his stomach. He might be actually taking a dick for the first time tonight.
? Is that really what you think?” He was also very interested in knowing how Cas felt about him, but he’d get to that part in a minute when Cas wasn’t being fucking
That got Dean’s attention. He sat back, hand still firmly in place. “I think I actually want you up here in my lap.” Castiel hesitated, but when Dean raised an eyebrow, he hurried to comply. Dean’s hands went to his hips to balance him, stroking over the skin right above the waistband of his jeans. Castiel hoped that he’d be asked to take them off soon enough. “Yeah, this is better. I can kiss you better up here,” he captured Castiel’s mouth as if to prove that point, “but there’s something I want to try.”
“That reminds me,” Dean plucked the pen from behind his ear again and jotted something down. “You got a roommate, yeah? Where do you think she’d want to live?”
“I’ll…” Dean didn’t know how to finish that sentence. He didn’t like any particular plan for after. Especially now. Fuck.
Snorting, Kaiser waved his hand. “Don’t tell me you’re one to believe in ghosts, Clarkson. You’ll end up like those kids at the high school.” He pointed at Castiel, “This young man’ll tell you. Those kids spend more time cooking up ghost stories than doing their homework. Not by any fault of your own, a’course.” He smiled understandingly at Castiel.
“I’ve got my phone. We can make a movie if you like…” Castiel didn’t have to pull away to see Dean waggling his eyebrows.
The drive from Chicago had been long. He always hated driving more than four hours anywhere anymore, but he hated flying worse. His back ached something fierce and he was more than ready to catch a nap. He hadn’t seen a motel in miles, so he figured if this… rescue plan whatever it was didn’t work out, he could conk out in his car somewhere quiet. For now though, he drove.
“—we’ll do costume try-on next week, so make sure to bring your nude tights… not pink… Salem…” he raised an eyebrow teasingly at a girl with long black hair, who rolled her eyes and clucked her tongue, “and then remember the primary classes need to have routines finalized before the end of the week, so please get me your songs!”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Back off, he’s mine. And he’s not just a walking ATM, Anna. He’s got depth.”
“You haven’t read the newspapers lately? That kid that got hurt last week? And all the other mysterious deaths the administration and police chalked up to ‘accidents’? That doesn’t alarm you?” Dean cast a surprised look his way as he clicked off his flashlight and dropped his bag, searching for the EMF reader he had pocketed earlier.
He cursed and threw his bag down on the couch again. He followed where Cas had gone to the bedroom and rapped on the open door.
Castiel shrugged. “Not surprising, I guess. I suppose they don’t come right out and say it anymore. Adler was a bit... impertinent in his questioning when he was interviewing me. I learned early on not to bring it up. Ever.”
Castiel worked the zipper of his own jeans down, and was working diligently on Dean’s. When he released Dean's cock, he took extra care in making sure he was all the way hard. Dean’s shaft was hot in his hands, fluid from the head slicking his way. When Castiel added a slight twist in his stroke, Dean let loose a litany of soft noises, ones Castiel drank in like water in the desert.
“Fun as this is, and it is… I still have my midterm in the morning. I just have to take—“ A hand wrapped around his wrist and yanked him down, making him lose his balance and end up sprawled across Dean’s lap again. His knees made a painful sounding smack when they hit the tile, but he didn’t have much time to consider this care because he was immediately being pushed backwards so he was on his elbows looking up at Dean poised above him. Dean immediately plundered his mouth, silencing the protest on its way out of Cas’s mouth the most effective way he knew. When Cas was kissed good and breathless, Dean pulled back, equally as winded.
Sam opened his mouth, but Dean interrupted “—he’s in school to be an artist. He paints big pictures of eyes and shit.”
“How do we pick?”
Thanks for reading!
“Dean! Dean—need you to— I want—“
“What do you consider an ‘extravagant’ gift?” Castiel asked.
“So you’ve broken in places before?”
“I mean—I have… once… but I ran before the guy could get very far.” Castiel shrank back into himself.
Castiel set down his beer and grabbed the paintbrush behind his ear. “Oh, probably some snooty art person who thinks about colors all the fuckin’ time. What losers…” he said dryly, grabbing his mixing palette and palette knife. He was turned away from Dean, but he could practically hear the color rising in Dean’s cheeks.
“Dean, you don’t have to pay my rent too, I still have a check upstairs,” Castiel protested. The first check, which Dean had given him last night before they parted in his room, was for over a thousand dollars for, as Dean put it, “services thus far,” which was said with a saucy wink. Castiel couldn't believe it, and if it weren't for the evidence that the clearly expensive mansion he was currently seated in provided, he might scoff and write the check off as a fake.
Sure enough, near the bottom—damn near the end—was a tiny entry, only a paragraph long, alongside a familiar looking picture.
Dean wasn’t even saying anything, he just happened to catch Castiel’s eye whenever he looked up and shot him that devastatingly handsome smile that would put Castiel off for several seconds.
Dean kept moving, energy renewed with every whine he pulled from Cas. He was breathing heavy, each breath sounding higher pitched until he was keening for it right alongside the man underneath him. They couldn’t keep it up, this energy couldn’t last.
“The fashion designer?” The woman smiled and extended her hand.
Dean reread the message. And read it again. And once more for good measure. He tapped on the message, bringing up the reply screen.
Castiel stifled a laugh with a cough. Trust Dean to make him blush even across the city.
“Come to join me?” He glanced over his shoulder, popping the lid on a bottle of shampoo. He turned and motioned for Dean to do the same so his back was to Cas.
Castiel whipped his head around wildly. The bushes to the right of his bench rustled for a second before a pale girl with long red hair stepped out, a huge grin on her face.
Especially when that person was currently making spaghetti four feet from him.
you’re welcome here, baby. I mean—why are you so upset?”
“No,” Cas said quietly. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d have said he heard tears incoming. “I mean, can’t I come with you?”
“That’s why I’m here, man. Like I said, Dean Winchester’s the name, ridiculous and extraordinary are my game.”
The two men went back to their conversation. The one on the left had a John Deere hat with about thirty years on use pounded into the fabric. His white beard was only slightly less impressive than the full mustache of his buddy sitting opposite him. Dean took his sandwich and a bottle of Sprite up to the front, snagging some Fritos on the way back to the register. The clerk greeted him with a few missing teeth and a friendly smile.
described the latest string of freak accidents around the school as “unusual” and “under open investigation” which meant the local sheriff had absolutely no idea what was really going on and no clue where to even start. Luckily, Dad had caught wind of it and sent Dean to take a look around. It was nice, working. Kept his mind off other things.
Castiel did his best to school his features into what he hoped was a demure expression. He spread his legs and pleaded silently with Dean to resume his activities. He watched Dean take a shaky breath and settle back between Castiel’s thighs, hooking Castiel’s knees over his shoulders. Positioned like this, Castiel felt totally exposed to whatever Dean wanted to do. If he wanted to lick across his hole and make Castiel beg for release, he could. And Castiel would beg. Shamelessly.
He tried calling out for him. “You might as well come out, I know he’s here.”
Dean blinked. “Consider yourself lucky, dude. This life…” he gestured towards the window where his car sat waiting outside. His weapons locker, mode of transport, and sometimes house, encased in black metal. “This isn’t what I would want for myself if I could do it over.”
what you’re doing here. Sorry, but I know you’re not Jerry.” He stabbed Dean’s overalls with a finger right over the embroidered name.
“I’ll come home,” he said, and he meant it. He just didn’t know when.
Gabriel sat across from where Castiel stood in the main foyer. Silence hung over them, dense and awkward. Castiel had just come back from telling Dean about his guest and, with nowhere else to go, sat back down with that very guest.
With a growl, Dean dropped and scooped him up by the knees, putting him a few inches above Dean. Twisting his fingers in light brown hair, he pulled Dean’s mouth to kiss as Dean walked them a few feet to the left where the black Impala Dean loved so much was parked. He squeezed Castiel’s thighs, telling him to hang on, while he pulled Castiel’s pants off. Left in his boxers, he was deposited onto the hood of the Impala, while Dean made room for himself between Castiel’s legs. Slowly, Dean ran his fingers up the length of Castiel’s cock, causing little bolts of lightning to spark at the contact.
The ringing sounded muffled from its place in the pocket of Castiel’s jeans, where they were crumpled on the seat. The vibration of the ringer caused it to slide out of the pocket into plain sight on the bench seat. Castiel couldn't help but glance at the screen to see who was interrupting the most important sexual encounter of his life, and the sight of the caller ID caused his blood to run cold. It was a saved number, one that he rarely used, but dreaded when it came up.
Dean blinked. “Yeah, I’m his—yeah.” He shut his mouth. He really wasn’t Cas’s
Castiel’s fifteen minutes were up. He stood up and made his way to the men’s room at the back of the bar. He could feel his vision tunneling, but pushed on. This was how to make everything all better. He watched his hand push the door open and felt his feet carry him into the room. The man stood near the sink, his face breaking into a smile, before schooling it into something more casual and aloof.
1923… how old was the school?
Cas pushed up to press his mouth against Dean’s, hands coming up to fit along his jaw. He watched Dean’s eyes flutter shut before closing his own. Dean gripped his t-shirt before sliding his hands around and up his back. Their lips moved together, pulling and giving back, wet heat between them. He pulled back after a second, an audible smack when they parted.
“Yeah. See you in two weeks, Bartholomew.” Castiel had turned to leave, his vision tinged red with his anger.
and scrolled back to the single digits where the channels were more familiar. The movie played on in the top corner of the screen, which Dean seemed to be watching closely. Castiel had grown up in a fairly diverse part of Pontiac, Illinois, which wasn't really saying a whole lot for their part of the state. Still, he thought there was maybe one family in his entire subdivision that even spoke Spanish. He took Spanish in high school, but his teacher had always told him his mouth was better suited for German.
“I—I’ve never…” Castiel felt as if he was blushing furiously while also having all the blood drain from his face simultaneously.
Cas didn’t say anything for a moment before frowning. “Are you drunk?”
“Cas—“
“I’m—I’m not happy. I’m pretty fucking far from happy.”
“There’s paperwork?”
Castiel cut him off. “Thank you, but it’s not necessary. Really, I’ve moved on from the experience.”
“I watched one that said it was supposed to do something weird to your brain, like… as-mer? I dunno.”
“Castiel.” He doesn't know what made him say it.
>>Incoming:
“What is the meaning of this?” He waved his hands towards the very open hole in the ground with the very visible box and pile of bones.
“Dean.”
"So, how many bones are in your foot exactly?" Dean asked. He stared up at the ceiling. Cas threw himself back at his book.
Castiel gasped. “Dean—“ He reached out a hand for him, feeling lead in his arms with the anticipation warring with his utter contentment to stay where he was. Dean took pity on him and leaned down to kiss him, slipping his tongue into Castiel’s mouth like he owned the place.
Dean was pretty sure he was going to choke to death on his whiskey right then and there from sheer shock. This conversation took a wildly different turn in the two seconds they had been talking. It was then that he figured out what the man, Castiel he’d later learned, was after.
Adler wheeled towards Dean, “I know who you are, hunter,” He jammed a finger at Cas. “This one, however, doesn’t need to know our business.”
Dean smirked. “I figured no one could fake being a virgin that easy. And the bad thing is that I liked that no one ever touched you before, because it meant… it meant I could be the first.” Dean suddenly looked up, stricken. “I know that’s stupid and old-fashioned, and it shouldn’t matter, but it does—it… it did.” His eyes pleaded with Castiel to understand. To not run away. “I was ready to be the one to introduce you to all this study and the challenge of it was more attractive than I can say.”
“What do you mean ‘if’ it ends up being true? Ghost crushing your windpipe not real enough for you?”
Why wasn’t there more advice books for people in his situation?
Mr. Winchester continued eating his pie, completely unfazed, if not a bit amused at Castiel’s outburst. His eyes twinkled as he smirked around his fork. Castiel lowered his voice. “I’ve hit a… a snag at home, financially speaking, and I either have to take on three more minimum wage jobs to pay for both a place to live and school, or I go back to working on my uncle’s farm for the rest of my life.”
A waitress with a blindingly pink uniform wandered over and unleashed her megawatt smile on the both of them. Castiel was sure he had only ever seen that particular shade of pink in medicine bottles.
“It was weird… but definitely in a good way. Great way, actually. So, I don’t really want to move out. If that’s alright.” He said quietly. Dean smiled softly.
Castiel raised an eyebrow. Dean pushed past Castiel, and opened the door.
“Sure. Thanks, though. All the same.”
“We won’t be too long,” Cas promised. “Just a quick visit.” He turned to go, but Melody stopped him with a manicured hand on his arm.
Dean didn’t have the breath for more complete sentences between all the digging, “Looks like it. ‘Splains why he’s mad.”
Castiel nipped at his lip. “That’s not entirely my fault, is it, Mr. Winchester?”
“So when you said this was your last shot...” Dean trailed off. How could he have gotten this man fired?
Castiel came with a shudder that tore a high sound from his mouth. He felt Dean thrust against his backside a few times before his ass was covered in Dean’s come as well, an almost pained grunt sounding from behind.
Silence met him on the other line, making the back of Castiel’s neck start to sweat and his stomach to swoop. Was he wrong? Did Dean not want this anymore?
“Yeah, I basically told him as much.”
“Mr. Novak, this is Dr. Johnson from the administration center for the Chicago Institute of Fine Arts, are you busy?”
“Probably. Maybe in Adler’s office? He keeps a lot of data in there.” Castiel followed Dean back to where the Impala was parked around the corner. He stood across from Dean, but didn’t get in.
"I have a lot of bones in my chest. Shirt's probably going to get in the way." Cas stuttered out an agreement and let his palm slide across Dean's clavicle, feeling the rise and fall of hard bone and firm pectoral muscle. Cas leaned in close to write neatly across Dean's collarbone and Cas heard Dean's slow, easy breathing.
“I want a big painting of some eyes. Not like random eyes. A set of eyes.”
think you’re pretty.”
Castiel pursed his lips critically as he looked him up and down. “You know, I don’t know if this is necessarily what I would call your best look.”
When Dean came down an hour or so later, Castiel was fully involved in his work. He had started blocking off sections of the painting and writing in extremely light print the colors he wanted in that section. When Dean turned on the stereo, blasting out an old song that Castiel was pretty sure was by a band called The Outfield or something. He had heard it several times in the car with his mother.
“Are you going to be around for dinner?”
Dean hummed quietly. “He shouldn’t see any trouble from here on out, though. No more ghosts in this theater.”
Castiel had just about gotten his breath back in the pause Dean had taken, when it was stolen from him again. Dean fit his hands underneath Castiel’s thighs and lifted him so effortlessly, Castiel almost felt the beat of wings behind them balancing their weight. Dean shifted their positions so Dean sat heavily in the chair with Castiel clinging to him.
Castiel turned to his canvas. This piece had a startling and completely unacceptable lack of green. Green would make it all better. Grassy, calming, mellow green. Green with a hint more of yellow ochre, pulling it more towards a Granny Smith shade.
When they arrived, Sarah was waiting by the door to envelope Dean in a warm hug the second they stepped through the door. Dean had always held a soft spot for his brother’s wife, and he all but melted into her embrace, wrapping his arms tight around her and ducking into her shoulder.
?”—and herded them towards a booth. She stood with her arms crossed, glaring at them both in silence for a second, before stalking off to the bar.
“Look, I’m not saying you didn’t do the right thing by being honest with him, but it just sounds like maybe you didn’t like him all that much in the first place if you’re able to be so casual about it.”
Shit. Anna.
Cas looked steadily at him. Dean licked his lips. Eyes fell to lips, and back up. Dean opened his mouth to tell Cas to stop staring, but he only noticed because he himself was staring. And suddenly, Cas had his lips pressed to Dean’s.
“Yes—“
“Aren’t the terms “living” and “cadaver” mutually exclusive?"
Dean watched him attentively. “Maybe we should have set up a safe word for you earlier, if I knew we’d be doing a practical demonstration.” The corner of his mouth lifted slightly.
“Dean!” Cas yelled, and Dean felt a sudden yank and he was sprawled on the other side of Cas.
“Has the show started?” Dean huffed, trying to catch his breath and not look like a lunatic. He wasn’t sure he was doing a good job.
Dean grinned and tugged the both of them up to standing. “Let’s  go then.” He pulled Castiel down the hall towards his bedroom with all the excitement of a kid on Christmas morning.
Cas widened his eyes and flailed his hands. “We can’t steal these. These are official documents!”
“Dean—“ Castiel started. He reached out towards the other man, without taking his eyes off the screen. The reporters had gotten inside the building, and someone—probably one of the newer receptionists—had let them upstairs to the main administrative offices.
“Dammit Cas,” Dean stood up suddenly and walked a few steps forward, hands on his hips and not facing Castiel, “It’s not about being good or giving me what I want…” he turned and faced Castiel. “I told you when we made the deal in the first place, I’m not interested in what you think I want! I’m trusting you to tell when it’s too much. Even if it’s just at a kiss, and especially if it’s before sex. That’s how this works. That’s how this—“ he gestured angrily between the two of them, “—this relationship has to work!” Dean turned away again, hand on his mouth.
Dean turned, eyes flashing dangerously. “That’s what you think?”
“And I’d be free.” Even as he said the words, he couldn’t believe it. Could it be that he hadn’t been as alone as he’d felt in his feelings? He doesn’t want to wake up five minutes from now to the shrill sound of his alarm, to figure out this had only been a dream. He doesn’t know if he can handle having the memory of Dean saying everything he’d been aching to hear for the past five months turn into dust in front of him. He doesn’t know if he’d ever actually wake up from that dream.
“All kinds of craziness out here.”
He sighed in relief when she scurried out of the room, probably to go gossip about him with Bobby. He didn’t know if he could speak, but he also didn’t want to hurt her feelings.
“Let’s not give the spirit anymore reason to fuck over our theater, yeah?” Cas smirked, taking away his hand.
Dean huffed for a solid thirty seconds. “Fine,” Dean always did break down too easily. “But only for the boring stuff, and you’re staying out of me way after that,
“I—we—“
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Yes. I took the money,” he said unapologetically.
“If it was, I’m not sure what it is now.”
went for
Suddenly, Dean leaned in. “You’re gettin’ awfully jumpy over there, Cas. Is there something you want?”
“Do you need help with stuff tomorrow?” Castiel asked, his face lighting up.
It wasn’t that Dean was ever ungrateful for all his parents had given him, even posthumously. But between the legal battles with his grandfather, aunts, uncles, and cousins, and the overbearing pressure to go into the same destructive work as his father after his death when Dean was twenty, Dean was more than ready to slap a big sign over the Winchester family account that said “Use For Scholarships” and set up a trust account that he didn’t have to touch ever again. Instead, he took his degree, still from one of the best institutions in the country, and set out to make his own name.
Trevor laughs. “Still better than a place that doesn’t even have a Target.” He calls for the girls to go again, for the last time he promises.
“So he just really wanted himself buried at the place that made him commit himself?” Castiel wondered aloud.
He followed Trevor down the stairs, silence hanging above them almost oppressively. They stood outside the front door for a moment under the florescent light in the main arch. Trevor hesitated, chewing on his lip for a second.
“This is temporary. You know that. I know that. And anyone that judges you for that is shit.”
“I heard that, mister. You better hope I don’t get you a yacht.”
Melody’s lovely face shifted through disappointment before quickly settling back on her usual brilliant smile. “Maybe some other time then?” She asked, hopeful.
She had known he’d go find Dean all along.
“Take this off, and then on your knees.” Dean pinched a nipple lightly and removed his hand, leaving Castiel to whip his shirt off over his head and sink to his knees in front of Dean. He reached up to place his hands on Dean’s kneecaps, but hovered for a second before putting his hands down. He didn’t have permission to touch and he only had one purpose here. Gabriel’s words echoed in his mind.
“Yeah…” Dean echoed weakly, sinking down to the couch beneath them.
Laughing, Cas stood next to him, leaning into his side and bleeding warmth. “I guess that’s alright. Less property taxes, I suppose.”
“An artist, huh? How’d you hook up with him?”
“Sounds good,” Castiel said, nodding. “I can let you into the theater if you need to. Y’know, later.”
Just like the last time they were confronted, Cas looked to Dean for help, “We were just—there’s a perfectly good explanation—“ Dean tried to cut in, but was silenced suddenly. It wasn’t that he didn’t know what to say, he just… couldn’t? Weird.
The next time Dean woke up on the side of Cas’s bed, he wasn’t alone. Though he knew Cas was cuddly when he slept, he could now also add the following fact to his List of Things He Knew About Castiel Novak: the man was a fucking
Dean huffed and reached for the shotgun in his jacket. He slipped out of the crowd and sidled back up to the doors. One of the deputies was blocking the door, but a quick flash of the fake FBI badge in Dean’s other pocket got him a nod and a look of grudging respect.
“Nah. Ted’s all but kicking me out ‘for my own good’ as he says.” Cas’s mouth slanted. “I think he suspected the theater was haunted long before we knew.”
“Is he going to be the head director again?”
Distractedly brushing them away, Castiel sighed. “I don’t think I’ve ever eaten so well as when I’m with you. I’ve never had tiramisu.”
“Is that all you want?” Dean asked, almost innocently, eyes wide. His gaze never left Castiel’s, but his hands swept up Castiel’s thighs, causing little snakes of sensation to fizzle all over Castiel’s skin, up to his hair.
They ate in silence for a few minutes.
Castiel frowned. “I-it’s Castiel…?”
“Sorry—I…” Castiel started. Trevor shook his head.
Though Castiel had seen the same smile cross Dean’s face at least a dozen times in the past twenty-four hours, it still radiated light in the dark. Sometimes, the hardest part of Castiel’s job was pretending there was attraction between him and the john, or real reason behind the sex that wasn’t money. It would clearly be no problem with Dean. Dean licked his lips, “Heya Cas. Come for a ride with me?”
“Unless you’re feeling a trip to Lawrence in the middle of the evening, I say we pick between pizza or semi-decent Mexican food.”
Dean blinked.
Dean froze. “No. Course not.” He pasted a smile on his face that Castiel could see through even in the dim light. “It’s late, and… yeah. I get it. You’re tired and-and… yeah, we can talk tomorrow or…? Some other time?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I dunno. It used to run vaudeville shows though. That’s kinda interesting.”
Dean blanched. “Well… maybe that’s not—“
“Oh shit.” Dean heard himself whine, and he leaned his head back, gaping up at the ceiling as Cas wasted no time pulling his zipper down and reaching inside to pull him out. He’d had plenty of blow jobs before, but the fact that it was Cas—the same person who’d been driving him crazy all day—made it that much sweeter.
After a moment of swearing, Dean got the door open. In the dark, without Cas, the apartment seemed eerie and unnaturally still. Everything looked the same as it had this morning. Papers were still strewn across the dining room table. Two mugs rested in the sink, joined by a new plate Cas must have used for dinner. Dean quickly shut the front door behind him, and drew the blinds before turning on a lamp. The yellow light cast weird shadows over the furniture, throwing everything into unfriendly angles. The hearth in front of the fireplace no longer looked warm and inviting, but instead like a yawning maw, intent on swallowing him. The couch where they had spent that evening drinking and fooling around now seemed foreign and judgmental.
If that was the problem, I’d just ask you to say.” He got around the bed and was backing Dean up into the wall. “The problem is that you can’t leave
She pointed at the far wall. “Trash cans are over there.” She went to pick up her novel again.
As for the rest of you, I am so
“Yes, sir.”
—this could make everything a hundred times worse. If Castiel knew Dean had tracker dogs on his scent, it could drive him away even further. It was beyond creepy to be keeping tabs on someone who didn’t even know the connections he had. He didn’t know whether to press Jo for details or not.
Castiel nodded. “I understand. I’m sorry this is such a mess. I should have been more careful, I should have kept a lower profile.” He put his head in his hands, dejectedly.
Missouri has stopped trying to lure him upstairs for what she calls a “proper family dinner” because she knows it’s no use, and he just won’t go. He works in the garage, goes to work (what’s left of it), runs around the neighborhood when he can’t stand the feeling of his own house, goes to bed. He doesn’t go to bars, he doesn’t call Sam as often as he should, and he doesn’t go near the covered canvas in the corner of his workspace.
“They… advised me to take it as an opportunity to get lots of ‘hands-on’ experience.” The man said, his own grimace turning up at the sides the longer Dean carried on.
Castiel chuckled, reaching for a tube of portrait pink. He was just getting started on the colors for his painting, and wanted to get the base coat down for the eyelid and skin surrounding the eye. He still didn’t have a plan for the iris, but wanted to get the rest of the painting planned out before he committed to anything. “Well, are you looking for more of a professional tone or a friendly one?”
Dean stared at him for a second. “Okay, let’s just sit for a minute. Talk this out.” He pulled away fully from Castiel and took a breath, smoothing his hands over his clothes. He reached out a hand. Castiel only hesitated for a second before he took it, sliding his fingers between Dean’s blessedly warm ones. The rush beneath his skin quieted into something more manageable, and he allowed Dean to tow him back to the couch.
Castiel squeezed his hand, reveling in the fact that he could. “I really have been miserable. I missed you so much I was seeing you in my dreams.” He probably should have felt bad admitting that, but it was freeing saying it to someone who wouldn’t offer to call the nearest psychiatrist for him.
“Dean!” Castiel exclaimed, halfway between a laugh and a rebuff. A hand on his arm caught his attention. He looked up and saw the dark-haired woman from before smiling and beckoning him away from the conversation.
Dean tutted. “Easy, angel. Don’t let me get greedy.” He chuckled when Castiel thumped him on the head. “Maybe we’ll just speed things along, then.”
Anna darted to the back to grab her water bottle, and came to slump next to where Castiel sat against the mirrored wall. Her skin was glistening with sweat and she dabbed at her temple with the back of her hand. “Sure you wanna draw us? We’re not the graceful dancers we thought we were.” Her smile was so bright—so much brighter than anything Castiel had ever seen from her in Chicago. It drew a grin from Castiel in kind.
“Maybe that’s it.” He smiled, despite the feeling of butterflies roiling in his belly again. He really hoped he wasn’t about to puke. That would definitely ruin whatever mood they had going here, as well as bruise his ego for the next few days.
Castiel was in a bad way. He hadn’t slept well last night, he was at the apartment because Dean had been on a business trip the last three days, he’d had a line of rude customers at the bookstore all looking for some new pseudo-medicinal healer lady’s latest title—seriously,
“Cas…” he started. Cas shook his head and leaned back against the other end of the sofa.
The man smiled and it felt like being trapped in snake’s sights. His voice was smooth as whiskey, lowered a few notches to an intimate volume above a whisper. “Just take it easy. Right now, I want you to be the dominant. Just for a bit. See if you wanna give this a whirl for real. Is that alright?” Dean knelt in front of Castiel’s chair, just in front of his knees. Dean’s proximity made the room feel a hundred times hotter. He looked up at Castiel from underneath his lashes. “What would you like me to do, Castiel?”
How do you know Dean Winchester? she’d asked. How she knew Dean, Castiel wasn’t sure. Everyone in this city seemed to fall to their knees to acquiesce to Dean’s requests, like he was royalty. Castiel hadn’t had the faintest idea who he was before their meeting.
“You want to fuck me?” Castiel felt the words blurt out of him, but felt powerless to stop them.
Shaking his head, Kevin slumped back against his pillows again. “He grabbed me. It was weird though. When he touched me, I felt cold. Like I’d never be happy again, and like… I dunno, like it wanted… inside of me. That sounds bad.” He grimaced and laughed uncomfortably.
Dean only just managed to snag the folder from Castiel’s hands and slip it inside his jacket alongside the other one before the office door opened and the two of them sprang apart.
The one where Anna is everyone who read this and wanted to take a swing at Dean for being a moron.
Mr. Winchester shot him a sidelong glance. “That’s not the only thing that’s enormous, sweetheart.” He grinned even wider when Castiel frowned and huffed.
While the blush on Cas's face as died down some as he got back into his work, it came back in full force when he got close to Dean's nipple.
Really, this was already going better than the last dinner invitation he had extended Dean, which was ignored pointedly until he gave up and left the room. He’d received a text later with only one word,
“Have a nice time with Anna?” Dean asked casually, like they were a totally normal couple, seeing each other after a totally normal day of totally normal work. Like one of them wasn’t paying the other to be there.
This kiss was different than their first kiss of the evening. It was different than the very first kiss they had ever shared. It was different than any kiss they had ever shared in the course of the relationship. This time, when Dean leaned in close, Castiel didn’t feel like he was getting away with too much to be real sex work, and he didn’t feel like he was drowning in how lost he felt. In some ways, Dean knew him better than he knew himself, and he was more than happy to say that he knew Dean better than anyone else in others.
Cas lowered the book again. “Well, he... hasn’t answered yet.”
“If he wants to come back with me, I’d love to have him.” Anna had to admit that Dean had the genuine thing in spades. She believed him.
Lying in his bed that night, Dean stared up at the ceiling, considering his night. This was the good in the world, right here. Castiel, the painter, was the blue angel Dean hadn’t ever known he’d been looking for. Dean had to help him, had to help Castiel grow his own good in the world. He didn’t want Castiel just for the sex, or anything like that. There was something about Castiel that kept catching him off guard whenever that gaze turned on him. Dean could already tell Castiel was going to be a world of trouble for Dean, he just didn’t know how yet. But Dean had never been one to run from trouble, and it seemed that Castiel wasn’t above causing a bit of hell on his own.
“Wish I was, sweetheart.” He turned away from Novak, covering up his cringe at the endearment by focusing on the paint. Sometimes, spirits left a tell-tale glow to uneven paint if they passed too close to it.
Castiel wanted to keep him talking. He wanted to ask the most obvious question, ‘how badly did I screw up your life’ but instead he asked, “And how’s the company?” He didn’t know which answer would be hardest to hear, that nothing had changed and he threw away his whole life for no reason, or that everything Dean had worked for was in the ground because of him.
