Steeling himself, he stepped away, pulling out the zippo lighter that he’d found in the pocket of another HYDRA corpse. There was enough jet-fuel, pine-tree branches and clothes-polyester to blow a building apart. It would surely catch the attention of any search-party or JARVIS-based drone that was on the lookout around these areas. Which, by this point, he really hoped there was. Otherwise they were
Of course, he’d only been a young child then. Seven, maybe. Now he didn’t cut his apples into squares or take the skin off, even if he still preferred it that way. Mom wasn’t even there to do it for him any more. His mom was dead, actually. It was funny how that hit him sometimes- completely out of the blue. She's dead. She's not coming back.
Tony made a noise. “Like hell you will,” he said, uncrossing his legs and jumping to his feet. “My bike’s outside. You just gotta promise not to fall off- that would be beneficial to absolutely nobody-”
Steve cocked his head and squinted. Thor shrugged, leaning in. “There are few people who care much about Tony. But those who do, do not do it by halves. Myself included. Although I shall refrain from the threats, considering I know you well and doubt you have any malevolent intentions toward my friend. The other two, though, may not be so sparing.”
And then Tony Stark, Iron Man, so-called fucking superhero, turned and pretty much ran from the God Damned building.
Tony just spluttered, looking a little bit overwhelmed. “Steve,” he said, voice hoarse, “Steve, you Goddamn… you just rescheduled all my meetings like that without even… Dammit, I should be way more mad at you for doing that, what the fuck?”
Fuck, he was tired. For the sake of his own fragile sanity, he should probably stop thinking about this shit.
There was another tense silence once he’d spoken, during which Steve prayed to whoever was listening that she would do this for him. Then, after what felt like an eternity packed into a second, she huffed. “Fine. Text me when you’re ready.” Without saying goodbye, the phone went dead. Steve figured that was her way of saying she was pissed, but willing to cooperate.
The doors Steve pushed his way through were heavy-set steel, programmed to lockdown at the flick of a switch if necessary. This was where the interrogation rooms and holding cells were. This was the place that SHIELD kept their criminals until they could be moved elsewhere—either a government run prison or somewhere like the Raft, if they were a high threat. Steve figured that was where Tony was headed. Until then, however, he was going to be somewhere around here, in a room on this floor. Brock Rumlow had been put in charge of transferring him from the Jet to the basement level, and so Steve figured he would also be in charge of any interrogations that’d be going down. It made something painful twist up under his ribcage. Rumlow was an asshole with a sadistic streak SHIELD barely managed to keep in check. Steve figured SHIELD might not even bother moderating him at all when it came to Iron Man, though. Anything to get the information they needed.
Tony stared at him for a good few seconds. "Yeah, sweetheart, just give me a second and I'll whip my tits out- oh, wait. Of course we don't have breastmilk, Steve, Jesus Christ-"
“Sure, buddy,” he said, giving Steve’s leg a friendly kick, “you invite who you want. Although if you do that every time we annoy you about Tony Stark, you’re gonna have a full-fledged house party on your hands by the end of tomorrow.”
Catching the train down to Brooklyn and then the cab up to the small secluded graveyard was easy- he’d made the journey plenty of times. It would clean him out for the rest of the week, but hey, he didn’t spend much money anyway. A lifetime of being frugal did that to a person. And really, what else had he been going to do that night anyway? Yeah, sit and stare at a wall for six hours whilst Sam knocked on the door and asked if he wanted to talk? Fun.
On the other side of the door, Steve could hear the gentle sound of the heart monitor. Tony’s heart monitor. He was so close, right there… Steve wanted to hold him. Wanted to sob, fall into his arms, tell Tony how indescribably sorry he was. But he couldn’t. Tony probably didn’t even want to look at him now.
Natasha threw a cashew at them from across the room, and it hit Tony on the back of the head. “Ow,” he complained weakly.
Steve just shrugged smugly and held his arms open. “Well, no one’s stopping you from staying here,” he said, although Tony raised a disbelieving eyebrow.
For the next month, both Steve and Tony made as much effort as they could to only use pet-names for one another. A ‘sweetheart’ here, a ‘my love’ there. There was even a memorable month or so where Steve called Tony
He smiled at Tony, and then tentatively extended a hand, settling it nervously over Tony’s own. Beside him, the other man stilled. “Thank you,” he whispered, “for everything, For even letting me in at all. God knows I didn’t deserve it after everything I put you through.”
Later, Steve would ask how the hell he and Natasha managed to take down an entire squad of HYDRA soldiers and not end up mortally wounded or dead. Until then, though, Steve would simply have to settle himself with being mildly terrified of the prospect of ever getting on either of their bad sides.
“Oh, Steve,” Ty walked even closer, bringing them nearly to touching distance as he loomed over, a face like thunder, “you really think that I’m just going to let you win? You don’t get to take what’s mine away from me-“
“-Wake up, Steve? Steve, can you hear me?” Someone tapped at his shoulder urgently, a voice that sounded familiar, Bruce-like, and he pulled his eyes open blearily, looking at the face of the concerned doctor as he leaned over him. “Are you okay?” Bruce asked in concern, “what happened?”
“I mean- okay, uh, not like… majorly. Just a little. And I’d much rather it didn’t do that, you know? I’m not gonna die, don’t freak out,” Tony assured him hurriedly as Steve froze in the middle of his room, “just… an inconvenience, really-“
Steve laughed. “I’ll text you later. Oh, and you should probably stay away from Brooklyn for a few weeks”
“Yeah,” Steve nodded in understanding and then lifted up his arm, hand outstretched. He smiled over at Tony gently. “C’mere, Shellhead.”
“Who the fuck still carries handkerchiefs about their person nowadays?” Tony blurted, snapping his gaze up to Steve’s incredulously. When Steve just glared, Tony bit his lip and tried not to laugh. “Okay, sorry, yeah; go ahead, try your hardest, although I can’t even get that shit off in the shower, so I mean-“
Peggy knew that too, because her smile was impossibly large as he leaned in, unable to resist another hug. “I’m glad,” she whispered in his ear before pulling away, grabbing her coat from the rail and backing up a few steps, “and also jealous. I’m now the only one in this room who’s single. I feel like a social outcast.”
As Steve had promised, everything was set up. He’d made sure of it before hopping into bed that night, so that Tony had nothing to worry over in the morning. Of course, no plan was perfect, and Tony ended up fretting about this and that anyway, but luckily it was nothing that they couldn’t handle, and after another set of reassurance that it really
Steve just shrugged and pulled his eyes back to DUM-E as he trundled backward, ball clutched in his claw. He opened his mouth to say something, but stopped when his brain picked up on something: DUM-E was rolling over to Tony. He was rolling over to Tony and was coming in at an angle that had him heading dangerously close to one of those live poles. Steve worked it out quickly in his head, analysing the trajectory and direction it would fall if DUM-E hit at a certain angle. He glanced at Tony, sat tangled up in a bunch of wires, back turned, unable to see.
He did it again, hand jerking a little this time, and Steve just jutted his chin out a fraction and squinted his eyes in question. Eventually, the man rolled his eyes, doing a little spin on one foot and then pointing to himself- hand moving into a thumbs up, then a thumbs down.
“You’re the Steve guy, aren’t you?” Peter asked, straightening up and eyeing Steve curiously, “you’re the one who stopped Tony beatin’ up Zeke that time, right?”
Steve turned at the exclamation, and his face softened. “We’re having Christmas dinner,” he said simply, like this was all normal and people usually barged into medical wings carrying surplus amounts of food and an
Steve grinned sheepishly, following Sam as he began to wind his way around the masses of people and find their table. “I’m tough,” he said, pride in his voice. It was true- he had learned to be, over the course of his life. It was the only way he’d been able to make it through.
“Tony!” A happy, familiar voice called out to him across the room as soon as he walked through the door, “Tony, you’re here! Guys, look! He’s here!”
Bucky’s mouth dropped open a little. “Your best friend is Tony Stark?” He asked dumbly, and Steve watched Carol walk hurriedly out of the door too, zipping up her coat and shooting Bucky a grim stare as she joined Rhodey’s side.
Deep in thought, he barely even registered the knocking sound to his left at all- not until the third or fourth thud, anyway. He turned in his seat and looked up at the window, eyes widening when he was met with Tony and Thor staring right back.
Steve laughed again, and then Tony suddenly felt himself moving as Steve wrapped a strong arm around Tony’s waist and pulled, until he was lying directly on Steve’s chest. “We have to get up. Got that early conference in Austria, remember?”
The man had a point, but Tony was too delirious at that point to acknowledge it properly. Everything was on fire. His leg might as well have been ripped off, it hurt that much, and he was fast losing grip of all coherence as he watched the thick red spread down his leg and drip onto the cot. He was definitely going to die, which sucked, because he’d totally been planning on asking Steve out this Christmas and now he’d never even get the chance because he was going to croak it in some fucking cabin out in the middle of fucking nowhere—
He blinked a few times, a little dazed as they introduced themselves. He got a few names; a Ru’ and a Kathy and an Alex and then they just started blurring, so he tuned out and tried to set his head straight. He didn’t really feel hungry any more, and he knew Tony was trying to catch his eye in between the conversation, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to look.
Tony figured that was going to go about as well as he was currently picturing in his head. That being, a fire-and-brimstone sort of event.
Steve, who was pretty tipsy himself, just sighed heavily. “He promised he’d come,” he said sadly, before adding “and he’s still got my’ fuckin’ phone.”
“I feel like not enough people are appreciating this movie,” Tony murmured with a smile, looking around the room fondly.
He watched vacantly as people moved through the halls- a class of eighth graders running through the corridors to head out for Gym Class, and then the teacher following along hurriedly. He spotted the kid- Parker, the science one- running along with all his little buddies. When he looked into the window and spotted Steve staring, he waved excitedly and then pointed him out to all his friends, who stared at him unashamedly and then grinned.
One: if it was severe enough that Steve had actually hit him, then Tony had quite clearly fucked up monumentally. God, Steve was close to tears. Tony had done that to him. No wonder Steve was feeling angry.
“Just give them some fucking money, Steve,” Tony hissed down the line, “they probably only need enough for some weed. You got twenty on you? That’ll be more than enough for one of them.”
“Nothing,” Steve jumped in immediately, desperately trying to quell the sickening shame in his gut and the red on his cheeks as he put an arm on Tony’s shoulder and started pushing again, more forceful this time, “listen, Tony, I’ve really got to get back to-”
They wound up the session after that, everyone having said their fill. The evening was dark and damp as Steve made his way back to the car, the parking lot still filled with abandoned cars, years old. There was always going to be a different area to clean up. The echoes of human life that remained, even after death.
“Quit makin’ everything about yourself and go make out with your boyfriend somewhere else,” Bucky told him with a wave of his hand, before stopping and then actually turning around. “Wait- before you go, Tony, you wanna go pick some stuff outta my closet to wear tomorrow? You could probably get some from Sam, but his sizes might be a bit small for you.”
Steve slipped on his coat and threw a goodbye their way before heading out onto the street. It was only a ten minute walk to the place, and although the evening was overcast, it wasn’t enough for Steve to waste money on a bus fare. He was a little tougher than that, thank you very much.
“Don’t apologise,” Tony looked at him, frown creasing his forehead once more, which he seemed to do a surprising amount when looking at Steve, “you don’t belong here, though, that’s for sure.”
Steve thought back- back to the soft smile, the glittering eyes, the way Tony had laughed and then offered to get Steve a cab if he felt uncomfortable- and wondered why people always assumed so badly of him.
“Hey, Rogers?” And the voice was nearer now, right in his ear, and Steve jumped away sharply, looking up to where Ty was leaning forward a little, speaking smugly into Steve’s ear, “a word of advice. Stay out of what doesn’t involve you, yeah?”
The fact that he had this, and had it with one of the best people in the whole world, was something Tony didn’t think he would ever stop being grateful for. Talk about lucky.
Tony just harrumphed, surreptitiously pushing his head into Steve’s hand and pouting. “You’ve known me for how many years, and you still don’t think I’d be capable of marrying you purely for the drama of it all?”
And Fury was looking Steve in the eye and telling him that Tony— the man Steve had spent 4 years of his life deeply in love with, who he had been going to
“They’re all grumpy because we’re too affectionate and it makes their emotionally constipated asses uncomfortable,” Tony whispered quietly into his ear.
He paused, letting it sink in. He’d missed Christmas entirely. And most of Boxing Day too. The next question on his list had been concerning the whereabouts of all his friends, but he realised now they they’d undoubtedly be up in the penthouse by this point, cooking and drinking and having their celebrations.
Out of nowhere, Steve suddenly found himself cut off by a sharp, ear-piercing bang, and the realisation that it was the sound of a bullet leaving a chamber took less than a second for his brain to process. Steve’s eyes moved of their own accord, primal instincts kicking in as he scoped out the danger. He saw it instantly. A man at the edge of the road, gun in hand, eyes wild, whole body shaking. There were no bodies immediately next to him, which meant it hadn’t been a mugging or fight of any kind. “FOR RACHEL!” He screamed hoarsely, and his eyes somehow found Steve’s on the sidewalk. Like he’d been watching and already knew that Steve was there. He flailed his arm frantically, gun waving through the air. “THAT WAS FOR RACHEL!”
In the windows, the first drips of light began to shine over the city. It looked like it was going to be a sunny day. Cold, but bright. They said on the news that they might even get a white Christmas this year.
Steve’s breath paused, and he lifted his head up from Tony’s shoulder questioningly. When Tony looked down at him, there was the tiniest little smile back on his face. “Oh, don’t look at me like you’ve no idea what I’m talking about Steve, you dramatic little-“
, guys?” He asked after a second, “you all know my rule about double digits before consciousness. Not cool.”
He could go a few more hours without sleep. It was fine. “I’m in,” he said with a grin around the room as everyone else agreed and then argued over showing times. They eventually settled on going to the soonest one, and by the time they’d all squished themselves into the AvengerVan (Clint’s terminology,
“A lot of them didn’t get recorded,” Tony finished quietly, mouth thinning as he thought about the death-count that day, and the amount of people who had been hit not by a conventional bullet, but by beams that had disintegrated their tissue, their bone, their everything. Not many of the Chitauri had carried those weapons. But the ones that had had clearly been the superiors of the army, and they’d known how to use them to the deadliest effect. “I’m sorry, baby. She sounded lovely.”
Instead, he was here, and Tony was somewhere in space, and they were all about to die because of a maniacal Titan’s flawed grasp of basic economics.
Steve thought that was it- that Tony was just going to walk away without a word- but instead he watched as the boy veered to the left, going over to the smaller kid who'd been hanging around on the sidelines.
Tony’s eyes widened, and he heard Steve curse again. “Right,” the man said, clipped, “Thor, have you dealt with the situation up top?”
There was another buzz from his phone, but when he looked down, it was from Bucky rather than Tony. He slid open the snapchat message, grinning at the picture of Bucky and Natasha staring back up at him as they curled around eachother on the couch. He was glad Bucky had found her- Steve got the feeling that Bucky had felt kind of out on a limb after Steve had left for Queens and subsequently removed the option of having a best friend less than a minute away. Natasha was good for him.
“Tony I swear, it’s fine,” Steve patted him on the chest and looked up, eyes sparkling in amusement at Tony’s despairing face, “no one is calling homeland security. JARVIS apologized. He even says he likes me, so I’m counting this as a success. Now can we go and buy food?”
He padded through the room, hand going for the door. In the darkness, however, he ended up stubbing his toe on something strewn across the floor, and he bit back a curse when the pain spiked through his foot. He glanced down, and when he saw that it was one of Peter’s building blocks under his feet, that made him irrationally angrier. “For Christ’s sake,” he muttered, bending down and picking it up, along with a few of the other toys that were laid alongside it. He walked over to the corner and then stuffed them into the cupboard there, and seeing as he had started, he went around the room and picked everything else up too. They’d been so focused on Peter lately that they’d pretty much let everything else go to shit, and it couldn’t really carry on. They had other responsibilities. Global safety was a big one, but keeping the tower tidy was still important, and now he was thinking about it, this sort of stuff wasn’t just in their room. It was in the corridors, the halls, everywhere. Pepper was gonna blow a gasket when she came back from Vienna—
They all looked at one another, nodding at the evaluation. That seemed sound. They could deal with a very small, very vulnerable human for 24 hours or so, right? They'd saved the universe before. This was small potatoes, really. "Where are we gonna put him?" Thor asked, folding his arms, "I don't think he should be left in his own room."
Steve’s hands flexed against the wheel and he rolled his eyes, absently tucking a corner of the duvet into Tony’s side. “I think,” he began, “that you would go stir-crazy if you spent any more than a week here, and I would too.”
Tony watched him- the way his hands pushed into his face and wiped away the wetness over his cheeks, the way he tightened his jaw and took a deep breath in, trying to compose himself. He finally looked up at Tony with a small smile. “Things are gonna work out,” he said with a nod, “I promise.”
The first time Steve actually punched Tony, it was because he’d been pushing something he shouldn’t have. Really, he was the one to blame there.
He guessed he’d probably earned that. He’d barely spoken to them all week, after all. But hey- he was trying today, wasn’t he? That had to count for something. So maybe he did still feel like shit- but it was probably easier to feel like shit around his friends than it was to do it on his own and be subjected to his own self-destructive thoughts all day.
Tony spun around to face him, brow furrowing deeply. To his left, it seemed the light was dawning on Thor too, because he slowly let his head fall into his hand. “Tony- please tell me you heard Steve explicitly state that he was in a relationship with Bucky,” he said quietly.
“Do you know what I hate more than anything else in the entire fucking universe?” Steve snarled, holding his ground on the other side of the road, “it’s people who try and decide what’s best for me. ‘Cause I’m small, and I’m weak, and big bad Bucky’s gotta know better than I do about everything, doesn’t he? Well
“Shut up,” Steve mumbled through the fabric, feeling Tony’s hands gently work the stupid stupid piece of stupid material off his head, “it’s just- you. You make my head get stuck in things.”
Steve was silent for a while, to the point where Tony wondered if he’d fallen asleep. But then he shifted in the bed, moved a little closer, until his chin was resting lightly on Tony’s head. He sighed. “I sometimes think… You know, that if we…” he broke off, a frustrated little noise blowing from his lips as he struggled to find the words in his half-asleep state. He shifted again, subconsciously moving near to the source of warmth. “Good things come and go so fast in our lives. And we- we just let them. We just… they go, and that’s that. It’s done. We have to move on.” He tucked his chin in, nose brushing against Tony’s forehead. Tony felt his brow crease, trying to catch hold of the words and they drifted through his mind. “But what if we didn’t?”
He frowned, opening his mouth to defend himself, say he hadn’t even been doing anything above playful banter on that stupid fucking talkshow- but before he could start anything, Steve just t’sked in his mouth and shook his head, wiping a hand over his face. “Sorry,” he said roughly, “sorry, I just... please? Come on. For me.”
Atop his chest, Tony stilled and was silent for a moment. Steve waited for a second before wondering whether it was pushing too far and beginning to start on a different subject matter, but then Tony shrugged, and that was answer enough. Steve watched his gaze avert, moving to Steve’s chest as he traced a small circle into the skin just above his sternum. “Just some kids from college,” he muttered, “only knew them from physics class, we were all pretty drunk, you know how it is. My legal team’s trying to track them down now.”
Steve rolled his eyes and gave Tony a gentle shove “Hey, let me have this, alright? Bucky stopped over this morning with a new car he bought so that he could drive up and see me more often. Except the car doesn’t actually work all that well. Pretty sure he and Natasha just pulled it off a scrap-heap.”
“Happy birthday,” he said in a tone that might have been considered cheerful, to no one at all, and pretended that he couldn’t feel the cool absence of a ring banded around his finger as he poured the liquid down his throat.
Steve was thankful for Tony every day. For keeping him sane, for holding him steady. Tony was his Godsend. He was ridiculously smart and brilliant at what he did- which, to Steve’s delight, turned out to be weapons designs. He’d equipped the whole of his team with new gear by the end of the week and fixed all their broken tech whenever Bucky sat on it or Clint dropped it. Everyone loved Tony, and if Tony was happy to run his garage by day and then create weapons for all of them at night, then so was Steve.
He waited until Tony was fully asleep before slipping back out of bed. No part of him felt even remotely like resting in that moment- not when he still had plans to arrange and lawsuits to file against whichever sick bastard it was who’d released that tape. Much as he loathed to slip his arms away from where they were wrapped around his lover’s body, he knew it was a necessary sacrifice to make as he padded silently out of the room and then shut the door with a quiet click. “Tell me if he wakes, JARVIS,” Steve murmured, hearing the AI’s affirmation before he marched down to corridor. There was tension in his body just waiting to be released, and now that Tony was out of sight, he allowed himself to set his face into what he’d wanted it to look like all night: an angry scowl.
He heard Tony’s muffled laugh and felt his heart flutter a little. The fluttering increased tenfold as his arms wrapped around Tony’s waist.
Tony pulled it out of his back pocket and handed it over to Steve whilst simultaneously getting up from where he’d been knelt and moving to sit on the bed next to Steve instead, eyes on the cut over his forehead. Steve bit his lip and dialled quickly, Bucky’s number coming quick from memory.
Tony blinked. Steve had been talking, huh? “Uh. There was… tree? Something about a tree?” He tried, and when Steve laughed in response, Tony smiled back at him instinctively.
“Come here, lie down with me,” he said through a giggle, “maybe it’s the morphine fucking with my sense of spatial awareness, but I think we can both fit on this thing, right?”
No particular reason. Sometimes sleep just wouldn’t come and didn’t stay. He’d long since grown used to that fact about himself. But it always got worse when he was under stress, and what with everything that had been going on lately, he really wasn’t surprised when he blinked his eyes open and saw 7am staring back at him. Against his spine, Steve was still pressed up and sleeping peacefully, giving off little snores now and then. Tony was still for a moment, letting the noise of the other man’s breaths wash over him. His own chest felt tight, muscles wound up with a latent energy that had him tensing without even realising it, but he tried to settle back down and at least get a few more minutes of rest before starting his day again. He’d only regret it later, when he was sat at that dumb meeting in Pennsylvania and doing everything in his power not to fall asleep.
“You know, we aren’t actually in a Hollywood movie,” Tony muttered as he lifted himself into the empty bin, “this sort of stuff doesn’t work in real life.” He shuffled down lower and then pulled a face as Steve shut the lid over his head, his muffled voice drifting through the covering. “It smells like shit in here.”
Steve felt the pull immediately; hands curling even tighter around the grab rail. Fuck, he’d never ridden on a motorbike before. This was… certainly new. And slightly terrifying.
Bucky paused. And then snorted. “What, you think I’ve planned that far in advance? Steve, do you know me at all?”
, and then turned away again, beginning to make his way to the elevator, undoubtedly heading for the gym.
Tony did not even want to get into the levels of dysfunction that that statement was. Apparently as a group, they all collectively felt more at home dealing with terrorism units than they did with children.
“Yeah, believe me, it wasn’t my idea,” Steve responded with a scowl, “but he… he didn’t wanna go. I couldn’t make him.”
The exit out of the cafeteria was bottlenecked- even more so than usual- undoubtedly because of what was happening in the corridors. Luckily, Steve was small enough to wheedle through the gaps, and found himself out in the hall in under a minute. It was full of like-minded students who wanted to get a peek of the action, but luckily due to the fact that lunch had only just begun, there weren't actually that many kids around. Relatively speaking.
“I’m sorry I was pushy,” Tony managed to get out in the end, once he was sure he wouldn’t do something terrible like burst into tears with relief. “It was selfish of me and I should have gotten the message.”
Steve stared at him for a moment, before shutting his eyes and sighing. “Considering you’re a genius, Tony, you can be a fucking idiot.”
learn when to keep your head down and just get on with it. I know that people can be cruel, and sometimes you don’t wanna listen to what the teachers are saying, but you’re not thinking about the repercussions here. If you get into big trouble at school, then it’s gonna flag up with your social worker. I don’t want to have to have you go through all that again; I know you hate seeing them.”
“And you’re rather drunk,” Steve plucked the cigarette from Tony’s mouth once he reached him, stepping on it before Tony could even complain, “you need to go home, Tony.”
Swallowing the sudden lump in his throat, he nodded mechanically and blinked. “I- yeah. You, uh, you go do that. I’ll see you round, yeah?”
“I was really worried, dammit,” Steve said quickly, walking further forward, “and you didn’t answer my texts after driving off like that and-“
Bruce closed his eyes, shaking his head. “It was Ty, wasn’t it,” he said, “that little bastard finally followed through with his threat. He’d always said he would, one day. It’s how he kept Tony under his thumb.”
“Ah.” That was going to be… difficult. Steve didn’t really have a backup plan. He couldn’t afford to involve Natasha any more than he already had, and other than that, he didn’t have anyone else left to rely on. “Guess I’ll just… uh. I dunno. I’ll jump town for a bit, find a motel or something—”
“A star,” Tony repeated, “I can buy you one. We can name it whatever you want. And then for the rest of history, that’ll be yours.”
“Apparently the enhanced guys are wearing a different uniform to the others. We’re thinking they’re the hired help. But the rest of them… people are pretty sure it's AIM.”
“Tony, you need to get some rest. Please. You’ve had a really rough night, and you’re not thinking straight-”
He hadn’t slept since he’d been woken up by the team. He wasn’t sure how long that had been, but he knew that his body was starting to flag. In fact, the floor was looking like a pretty decent place to just lay down for a second and sort out his thoughts. Someone had to keep watch, too. In case…
People congratulated him when they stepped off the jet in New York. They patted him on the back and told him he was a hero and a pride to their country. He didn’t respond to any of them, unsure what he would even say. He certainly didn’t feel like a hero. Heroes were good people with morals; people who were honest and kind, and who cared for others. Steve was none of that.
“Steve, come on- it was one fun night, but that’s it. Just leave it, alright? I’ll call you. Maybe.”
didn’t try,” he whispered, and there was something bitter in his tone, something that reminded Steve of
They both locked eyes with one another for a moment, before Tony simply sighed and then fell back into the cradle of Steve’s embrace, his breath ghosting along Steve’s exposed collar bones. Steve shut his eyes and sunk his chin into the mess of curls underneath him, holding Tony up like a shield against all the demons running through his head. Days like these put into perspective how… fragile, all of them were. How quickly all of it could end. It made Steve want to just pack his shit up and give all of it up- the job, the mantle of Captain America, everything. His mind went back to his thoughts from a while ago, about the quiet farm and the three kids and the peaceful nothingness that he’d envisioned while they’d lazed about on the couches. That would have been nice.
“Lean your head back,” Natasha ordered, her cool fingers pressing into Tony’s forehead and resting him against the thin pillow on the cot. She turned and analyzed the wound for a moment, and then her mouth pursed. That wasn’t promising. “I don’t think we can just bandage this. The bleeding’s not slowed up at all. We need to cauterize the wound.”
“I’ll check the cabinet,” Thor said, scrambling up to his feet and then rushing off to the bathroom. Steve took a long breath of air, searching his fuzzy mind for something to do. He landed on cleaning up as the first port of call. They needed to see what they were working with. “You just stay put, okay?” He murmured to Tony, who smiled tiredly at him in response. Steve sniffled and wiped his nose, before realising that he was going to need to sterilise his hands first. God, he needed to set his head on straight. He’d done this sort of thing before. It wasn’t like he’d never seen blood before, and hell, his mother had been a nurse. She’d taught him exactly how to go about things like this. So why the fuck was he acting so torn up about this?
He awoke when Tony’s alarm went off at 7, having gotten a grand total of about half an hour’s sleep. The incessant buzzing grated straight through Steve’s brain and he growled irritably, leaning across Tony’s body in order to flick the noise off and then snuggle back down into the warmth of his lover’s chest. He felt the vibrations of Tony humming, one hand rising to rub his eyes wearily. He’d had a good amount of sleep—thankfully undisturbed by nightmares or restlessness, but Steve would still be happy to see him getting a damn lie-in for once.
“I’m quite clearly busy right now,” Tony told him, waving at Steve, “but we can settle it by seeing which one of us can go back to my place and lift the steel girder that I’m trying to fit into my wall right now. Because I can guarantee that you will not be able to.”
Steve paused. “You make me so angry sometimes,” he said, biting his lip and then lifting his hand to gently settle it against Tony’s still-sensitive cheek. “But you’re okay, right? You’re fine.”
Curling one hand tightly around Steve’s, he internally rejoiced at the fact that, despite everything that the universe had thrown at him, things had actually ended up going the way he’d planned them. Admittedly with some minor differences, but still. He’d gotten his kiss under the mistletoe.
Thor piped up this time, “Tony- we have found ourselves accidentally referring to Steve as our husband just by exposure to your comments. This makes us feel rather odd and embarrassed. It must stop.”
“I think you’ll manage,” Steve whispered, his touch stroking Tony’s ring finger once more, the same way he had so many times before this, except now it was real. Now there was going to be something there.
Ty shoved him with a curled lip, and Tony’s grip slipped off him as he took a few steps back. “You know what, Tony, maybe I don’t fucking care what you ask me to do anymore, you know? You sure as hell don’t seem to give a shit about me. About
Steve hummed happily. And then a second later, his head slumped and his eyes closed, a small snore escaping his mouth as he fell immediately asleep, his face smushed up against Tony’s left buttcheek.
They all looked at each other, before Steve pointed at Bruce. “Your fault,” he said, “you left the baby unattended. Rule number one.”
“Bit of a funny time to be stood there smilin’, Cap,” Rocket told him as he grabbed an abandoned weapon off the ground and then fired it over Steve’s shoulder, taking down an oncoming rival, “get your ass into gear and help us save the universe!”
, just leave him on his own.” He glanced at his watch, then back at Mr. Wilson for a second, before making his decision. “I told him I’d see him this afternoon when school was finished. I need to check on him. I’m sorry, but I won’t go back on that. He needs me right now.” Steve clicked off his seatbelt and took his hand to the door, but then Paul reached out and put a hand on his shoulder.
This should have been the part where Tony said no. That he wasn’t okay, that this didn’t make things better. The part where he should have told Steve to never put a finger on him in that way again. But he didn’t. Because it was just a one-off, and he didn’t need to say that. He knew that Steve knew what he was doing. And Tony was a fucking nightmare to deal with on the best of days.
“S’alright, it’s okay sweetheart, it’s done, see, it’s over now, your shoulder’s all set, it’s okay,” Steve soothed rapidly, feeling the sting of tears behind his eyes again. He couldn’t stand watching Tony like this; so hurt and helpless. He kissed Tony’s mouth feather-soft, aware of the boy’s split lip, and Tony nearly fell into him, glad to have something to lean on. Steve managed to keep his face from getting smushed into his shoulder, but only barely. “Thor, we can’t do this on our own,” he said desperately, “he
Across the floor, he spotted the straight-razor he’d been using to shave a few minutes earlier. Shaking fingers reached out and picked them up, just looking for something vaguely normal for him to do, but his grip was unsteady and he cursed to himself as the blade cut through his thumb. Fuck. He should probably clean it up. Steve got mad about dishes, so he’d undoubtedly lose his shit over blood all over white tiles.
The journey home was fairly short, and by the end of it he was aching to step through the threshold and back into happiness. Going into the city for whatever reason these days was just… terrible. It was the only way to describe it. It was empty and dark, filled with the remains of a disaster that the world just didn’t have the manpower to clean up. Sometimes people recognised him, too. Sometimes they screamed, threw things, told him to go to hell. ‘We believed in you’, they’d hiss, and Steve couldn’t do anything except keep his head down and try to ignore it.
He sat on his desk-chair with a heavy thump and opened up all his research. He might as well get some of this shit done, after all. He’d been sidelining it a little recently, put-off by the lack of evidence available. But he just had to try harder. There was a guy operating on the Southeast coast who, according to Clint’s intel, liked to rent out his labs and science equipment to anyone who’d pay him enough, and seeing as the guy had been sipping Pina Coladas in the Bahamas for the past four months, Tony was going to assume someone had been funnelling the money for that particular expenditure into his account.
“Well, yeah,” Steve shrugged, looking out into the window. “I’d… they’re a different type of person to me, aren’t they? Different worlds. I’m- I’m just not enough for that, and it’s okay, I wouldn’t ask you to embarrass yourself-“
Steve didn’t say anything for a few moments. Tony watched his throat work, watched his mouth purse as he thought it over. Steve was not a stupid man, far from it. He knew Tony’s point held value.
Again, Steve said nothing. Wasn’t quite sure what to say about the fact a 12-year-old had just laid Tony Stark’s entire character out like that, all for him.
“I’m not going to the hospital,” Steve said, shaking his head and pressing gently on his very sore nose, “it’s f-”
Steve’s head was spinning. Tony was completely bamboozling him here. Why was he saying that he liked Steve? That was… that couldn’t be true, could it? Anyway. Steve didn’t even like him.
Steve watched him as Rhodey pulled himself off the wall, clapping Steve lightly on the back as he moved past. “Don’t hurt him,” he said, and his tone wasn’t threatening- it was pleading, “he’s crazy about you, Steve. He’s… he’s happier than I think I’ve seen him in a long time. Just… try and be careful, yeah? He’s a lot more vulnerable than he’d ever let anyone believe. And people have hurt him, before. It’s… just be kind. Please. That’s all I can ask.” He smiled, patting Steve on the shoulder again. “But I also will reinforce the fact that we will methodically hunt you down if you hurt him. Just so we’re clear.”
He didn’t want them to split up. Divorced parents were a pain in the ass, according to the girl who sat next to him in math class. She was always talking about what a hassle it was, moving all her stuff from one house to another every weekend.
“Happy fucking birthday,” He said to himself, stealing a kiss before the whole pile rolled and fell down the set of stairs that lead to the living room.
“I’m sorry, darling, but you made me promise to wake you up. We’ve all gotta go- you can get some rest on the way.”
“And it didn’t occur to him that Tony just didn’t want me to get cold? No, of course not,” Steve mumbled, sitting up properly until his shoulders brushed Peggy’s. “God, I’m so mad at him.”
Steve laughed at Tony’s offense, but watched a few slightly curious looks get exchanged around the rest of the group. “Wait, you and Tony know eachother?” Clint asked through a mouthful of crisps.
He stumbled out of the way of another rapid swipe, feeling his side wrench in agony as the wound was pulled. Rumlow grinned, showing his teeth. “This is a pleasant surprise,” he drawled, flipping his blade threateningly as he took a step forward. “I thought I was gonna have to think up a whole plan in order to kill you, but as it turns out, I’m just going to be able to do it right here and then claim self defence. Made it so easy for me, Rogers.”
“I’ve been going to therapy,” he blurted, nodding once, “and I… I can talk about her, now. But it’s still so lonely, you know? And my apartment’s gone to shit because you know me, I never fucking clean, I eat alone every lunch and I miss you so much it fucking
Tony looked out of the window with bleary, wistful eyes. “Do we have to go?” He said quietly. “I could buy us a place like this, if you want.  We could just… I dunno, be farmers.” His head turned and he smiled bashfully over at Steve. “What do you think?”
“Sorry for the antisocial time,” the girl said swiftly, smiling with practiced politeness, “it was the only time today both me and Rhodey would be available. I’m Pepper, by the way.” She extended a perfectly manicured hand, and Steve, now feeling somehow as if he hadn’t gotten the memo and had instead come to this meeting thoroughly underdressed, just took it dazedly.
Time moved on, the temperature dropping with each hour into the evening they went. The pain got worse. Tony slipped in and out of consciousness, knowing that his friends were still around him, still checking up. He felt something warm and soft slip over him, and blinked his eyes open as Bruce stepped back, now down to nothing but the thermal undershirt he had under his coat. He shuddered a little, although forced himself to stop when he saw Tony looking.
Tony chuckled softly, his fingers moving to stroke Steve’s cheek while Steve simply took him in, allowed himself to reflect and recalibrate. HYDRA had done a number on him, that much he could tell. Everything from the last few days felt hazy and wrong, distorted. But he hadn’t killed Tony. He hadn’t. At least Steve didn’t have to worry about that now.
“Getting yelled at in math class,” Steve mumbled, dropping his head into his arms and rolling his eyes at the memory, “apparently doodling cartoons in the margins ‘isn’t an acceptable work standard’ or whatever.”
Steve had been going to tell him, when it had all been cleared up. He had. It was important—more than important, it was vital that Tony knew. For closure’s sake. Tony still had files about the brake system of the car that had killed them, and every year on their anniversary, he pulled it up and looked through it again, just to see if he’d missed anything in the last twenty years.
Steve sighed but said nothing, bumping their shoulders together. “Thank you,” he said earnestly, “and for the record, I’m sorry for snapping at you yesterday. I didn’t mean-“
He’d made a hell of a lot of mistakes in his life. Both of them had. But with half the universe gone and a world steeped in despair, all either of them could do now was try find happiness. Somewhere. Anywhere they fucking could.
, and knew what he was thinking. “I love you and the thought of you… hurting yourself is enough to drive me insane. I didn’t know how to show you until now. But this,” he tapped the book that Tony was still staring at, “is sacred to me. This helps me know how you tick, it helps me work out when you’re having bad days and need someone to be there for you. It lets me know who it is you need; me or Rhodey or Bruce or whatever. Because I love you so much
As he wandered into the elevator and pressed his finger against the button up to the penthouse, he heard JARVIS greet him with a soft ‘welcome back, Captain Rogers- the tower has missed you’ and smiled automatically. He loved hearing JARVIS’ voice- it was like the first sign of home. Wherever there was a JARVIS, a Tony wasn’t far behind.
“That’s what we think they’re trying to do. But Barnes got the location out of him, and apparently it’s Siberia again. Different mountain range though, so you won’t be familiar with it.” Fury took a break, his voice grave. “We need you in, Cap. Sort this shit out before it gets out of hand again. Right now, the program seems to still be in its infancy. We can stamp it out now and stop it for good this time.”
Steve smiled wetly, breathing in a long mouthful of air before he gently pressed the wipe against the blood that had crusted over his face. He felt physically sick at the idea of them just leaving Tony on Thor’s couch when he was concussed rather than getting him to a hospital, but he couldn’t in good conscience go against Tony’s pleads. No doubt Tony was already in trouble as it was; Steve didn’t know how much worse things could get if he got Tony to a hospital and subjected him to the cameras of the general public.
“I thought that was just Natasha plotting his murder, to be fair,” Sam said, “she does that sometimes. We’ve all gotten used to it.”
“So are you- turning up to my house fifty minutes late looking like you got run over isn’t exactly common courtesy, you know,” Steve told him with a dry look, giving Tony the once-over and tutting.
“I worry about you so much,” Steve admitted quietly, “all the time, Tony, I can’t- I thought you were going to die today, it’s not…. I don’t know how to handle that, I can’t- Oh God-“
“Hello, soldier,” Tony responded, his voice croaky from sleep. Steve glanced up at him with a grin, watching Tony rub his eyes and then blink blearily back down at him. “You having fun down there?”
Steve glanced back at Tony, whose mouth had snapped shut. He was watching Rumlow carefully; those intelligent eyes of his grazing up and down every inch of the man’s body. His back was straight. Determined. There was a tension in the space; as if everyone knew that there was a dark cloud in the room, but no one wanted to acknowledge it.
“Quick learner, then,” Steve shot him a wry expression, “takes it from his—well, uh— his temporary guardian, I guess.”
“I’m-“ Steve began, before he felt something spasm deep inside his chest. With a gasp, he slammed a hand over his sternum and hissed. A second later, however, it passed, and he slumped back against the wall with a sigh. “Okay,” he breathed, “maybe I’m not fine.”
Clint paled, turning to Steve and then trying to push the crying baby toward him. "I'm begging you, don't do this. I'm barely an adult myself. I haven't eaten a vegetable in three weeks."
On the floor, Ty rose shakily onto his hands, catching Steve’s eye as he was dragged backward along the corridor. A fresh wave of hatred burned through him, and he almost dislodged himself from the set of hands entirely as he struggled. “HOW COULD YOU!” He screamed to the bastard, “HOW COULD YOU DO THAT TO HIM!”
Steve shut his eyes and sighed. He was overreacting. This is exactly the sort of thing his therapist had told him not to do. Take a situation and overthink it to apocalyptic proportions, just because it didn’t go the way he’d wanted.
“Only Mr Barton and Sir, currently- although Barton is down at the archery range in the basement and seems preoccupied, and sir appears to be napping in the living room.”
She offered up her pinkie in response, whilst the other hand pushed unruly curls off her face. “I won’t kill him. Whether we both die doing something legally questionable, though, is a slightly different matter.”
“Okay, Steve forgives you, you forgive Steve, both of you are best buddies again, blah blah- now how the fuck do you do question number four? I got like, halfway there before bursting into tears-“ Sam talked rapidly to Tony, who just blinked a few times in surprise and then looked over to Steve again, face open and questioning.
Zeke was looking, bored, around the room- but when he saw Steve, he stopped. Steve just glared right back, jaw clenched- it was surprising, how much he could hate a guy without even having a single conversation with them.
"Baby's awake," Tony said wearily, shuffling sideways and then leaning down to pick the little guy up, "you don't think he's gonna puke on me, do you?"
They paid ten minutes later, and were half-way back to the car when Tony’s phone rang. He frowned to himself as he pulled it out, because he was sure he’d put it on silent, and JARVIS only ever circumvented that order when it was an emergency call. And when he saw Clint’s ID on the front, his heart dropped.
There was a short sigh, and then the sound of retreating footsteps. “I’ll come back a bit later, shall I?”
Steve just nodded. “Look after him, yeah?” he asked Thor quietly, and the boy looked down at him with something soft on his face as he patted Steve’s cheek good-naturedly.
He asked, and Tony’s hands got tighter against the sheets, shaking and desperate. Steve wanted to tell him to stop holding them so tight, it’d hurt him. But he didn’t want to tell Tony to do anything, not ever again. Because then Tony might listen to him, and all Steve would ever wonder would be ‘does he want to do this, or is he simply too scared to say no?’
“Oh, would you like me to take it back?” Steve raised his eyebrows and looked up at Tony,  who shook his head vigorously in response. “It’s because I am in a good mood, Stark- don’t ruin this for me with your cynical ways.”
In front of him, Die Hard was playing at full volume on the TV- to the left of him, Bucky was trying to throw popcorn kernels into his mouth and being a general nuisance- and underneath him, he was using Clint’s back as a footrest. Their rather small living room was relatively packed full with people (If nine counted as a lot, that was), and they were laying amongst what would probably be best described as a dumpster at this point. The remains of shittily-wrapped paper were strewn over the floor amongst candy wrappers and humans who’d taken to use the rug instead of couches- pillows lay in heaps in different areas of the room from where Natasha and Clint had made nests, and Steve was certain he and Sam would be picking out popcorn kernels from the carpet for weeks to come.
“Steve?” She asked, and he jumped a little, turning back to face her. She was looking at him with a smile, eyebrows slightly raised, “you seem a little out of it today. Anything the matter?”
He stepped into the principal’s office and slammed the door shut behind him- the last thing he heard from the other room being the light sound of Tony’s laugh.
Tony stops, and the silence lasts for a while after that. He’s happy that way; just listening to Steve’s heartbeat against his ear or the slow sounds of his breathing.
It was rather odd how fast Tony had become such a prevalent part of his life, he thought to himself as his fingers tucked a stray tuft of hair behind Tony’s ear. He knew he was playing with fire, here; it was obvious. More’s the point- he knew and he did not care. Steve was rather under the impression that perhaps Tony was worth the burns.
,” he said the last bit louder and craned his head up to Thor, “because I should be getting back to a project, Thor-“
But suddenly Tony seemed to snap out of himself, throwing his body sideways and taking cover behind a car just at the same time Steve skidded to a halt and met him, arms coming up and throwing themselves in a protective shield over Tony’s body. The shooter was shouting something garbled and desperate from across the street, but that wasn’t Steve’s immediate concern. He grabbed Tony’s shoulders, a hand going to cup the man’s face. “Did he hit you?” He blurted urgently, tongue thick, panic-stricken. Tony had just been
“Steve, you didn’t see yourself six months ago,” Peggy murmured softly, and when Steve looked over to her again, her eyes were full of sadness, “you were off the rails and you know it. We had to watch you just….fall apart, right in front of us. It was
“You’re staying with me tonight then,” Steve told him simply, and before Tony could even argue, he just strode ahead, “also- and forgive me if this is too invasive, but I figure that I deserve to know these things: What are your triggers, Tony? Do you know?”
Steve blinked. “What… what is it that you ‘get’, Tony?” He asked, his voice slightly wary, and Tony blinked sharply, turning back to the bath and picking up a handful of bubbles just to have something to do.
“You’re not angry,” Steve eventually declared, confusion laced through his voice, “why aren’t you… aren’t you gonna…you should be angry.”
“Can’t say I did either,” Steve spoke into the room- trying to process the information in front of him and stick it to the boy he knew, if only through school rumours. They didn’t fit- Tony Stark was absolutely the last person Steve would have pegged as a business heir.
“Shhhh, it’s okay, we’ll go in together, it’s all fine,” she said soothingly, and then they turned a corner and disappeared from sight, the last thing they saw being Clint’s pleadingly extended arm, reaching out to them in a cry for help.
He gaped in total surprise, all of it falling into place perfectly. He’d always wondered why Loki had chosen to say that, of all things. How he’d known. The science behind all this made no sense to Steve, and he wondered if, in a decade or so’s time, this Steve Rogers in front of him would also find love in the modern world, or if them coming back here right now would change something irrevocably for this man. Steve wondered what would have happened to himself, had he not been in this situation and heard the phrase ‘Bucky’s alive’ fall out of his own mouth. Maybe he never would have made that first step with Tony. Maybe they’d never have fallen in love.
Steve blinked once, trying to make sense of the words. “Uhh- okay then. It’s nice to, uhm, talk to you again. That’s- that’s what this is, right? I mean I’d assume so, but I don’t know, I don’t really
Tony stopped then. Steve, being vaguely aware that what he’d just said was probably offensive, only sighed in resignation. He was fucking everything up. “I didn’t m-”
Steve felt the warmth explode in his heart at the words, and he knew Tony had said them before, but still. They’d never been spoken with such seriousness, such genuine intent before. It was so… it was so much, to imagine that not only was Steve loved, but Steve was loved by Tony. The boy that the rest of the world had given up on, who was known for never staying around-
Steve did everything Tony needed of him. Undressed him, grabbed his toothbrush from the shelf, helped him into bed. All of it in silence. All of it with minimal eye contact. Steve’ smiles were real, but they were the ones he made when he was close to breaking point, and it sent a flare of worry up Tony’s spine. He opened his mouth to try and ask, before shutting it abruptly. Steve probably wouldn’t want him to interfere. He got mad when Tony got nosy about that stuff, Tony knew from experience. Which was… not really a valid reason for him to not ask, obviously- said ‘experience’ had been with a Steve that wasn’t even really Steve- but whenever he tried to just get out the
, and then he’d wait religiously by his phone until Tony next messaged him. It was pathetic. He was pathetic.
And it was only in rare times like these when Tony got to indulge himself in the little touches like this- when he got to just run a hand through Steve’s hair and not feel afraid that he’d get yelled at. He knew it was selfish, but what could he say?
Steve’s breath hitched and he choked, whining softly and pulling Tony’s head back up with his gentle gentle fingers. “Tony, whatever you’re thinking, I’m begging you to stop,” he said, “please. This doesn’t have to be… official. Just a break, okay? Just… a chance for you to heal, without me there hindering you.”
As he sunk to his knees and leaned back against the couch with angry tears springing from his eyes, he realised that he wasn’t sure there was another moment in his life when he’d ever hated himself more.
“Tony, sweetheart, I love you, but you gotta stop using the internet slang Peter tells you or I’m going to have to divorce you first.”
He pushed back slowly, and Tony let him go, staring at his bloodshot eyes in concern. His jacket had little droplets on the left shoulder. “Are you okay, Steve,” he asked softly. “It wasn’t… too much, was it?”
“Sir, if I may remind you of the concepts we went through about jokes and humor when initiating conversation-“
Caught in the explosion of an IED while in active duty. Steve had been by her side when he’d seen the bomb go off. The look in her eyes - the terror, the realisation, the acceptance – was forever burned into his brain, and not even in seventy years would he ever forget it. He got lucky that day. A foot closer, and he would have been hit by the rubble. On his darker nights, he wished that he had. As it was, however, he’d been unharmed, only there to watch and witness as his lifelong best friend was killed in front of him.
He laughed, hoarse. “You. You can’t be serious, Steve. We’ve… all this time, and you want to just—just give up?” He raised his eyebrows, expecting Steve to crack a smile and laugh, agree with him, admit how fucking crazy that was. But Steve didn’t, and something horrible started to settle in Tony’s mind: understanding. “No,” he whispered, “no, Steve, sweetheart, come on—”
“Sure, buddy,” Steve was still laughing, but he turned to look at his best friend and felt a stupid amount of fondness for the fool.
On the couch, a head popped up and turned to him, looking his way in surprise. Steve’s face softened as his eyes met with Tony across the room, and his walking sped up while he heard Thor following behind him. “Steve?” Tony asked in surprise, “what… why are you…”
Yeah. They could probably manage to make out for that much longer. “I’ll start the countdown now,” he informed Steve, before grabbing him by the collar of his shirt and then tugging him in again.
“You should,” Tony nodded, cigarette going back to his mouth. Steve took a step forward, but was stopped by a hand around his arm once again- soft and non threatening, but certainly there all the same.
His hands rose, pulling Tony’s shirt up experimentally and then feeling Tony move of his own accord, arms lifting to let Steve get it off faster. Smiling in excitement, he did just that- and this time he managed to get the damn thing almost all the way off before Tony tugged at his hands and then flipped them expertly, until he was leaning over Steve and had his wrists encased gently within his hands.
“God, that’s gross,” Steve made a face and glanced over to the hideously designed pillow-cases while Tony tugged him back and then pulled him onto the bed, landing him right on top of Tony. “You’ve just turned me right off, I don’t want to have sex with you any more.”
“You should kick his ass,” Clint said, and Thor spun around on the chair and beamed over to him when Clint waved his fork in his general direction.
With his phone resting firmly in his pocket, Steve sighed quietly. “I do know,” he answered, “I really do.”
“Look at you,” Rumlow said as he punched Steve again, the other hand curling around his windpipe, “I always said you were more looks than talent. This took, what, half a minute? Maybe less? You’re fucking pathetic. Killing you will be a
The man just swallowed, and then gave a small nod. “Yeah, of course, I’ve got you,” he murmured, stepping forward and moving slowly around the bed to Tony’s pillow where he knew Tony kept his pajamas. Getting changed with broken bones was always an awkward process, but this time around was just ten times worse. Mostly because Steve knelt down and went to take his foot and undo his laces, but froze up about an inch away from Tony’s skin, seemingly backing out of the action. He looked like a rabbit caught in the headlights.
“Oh,” he breathed out softly and then watched Tony’s face twist for a moment, before evening out once more as he shut his eyes and ran a hand over his face. He let off another bark of laughter- unusually loud in the quiet room- and when he opened his eyes again, he looked at Steve with moonlight bouncing off his irises.
Darkness was almost immediate. The last thing he noticed before unconsciousness swept over him was that the near-perpetual screams he’d been hearing since Tony’s fall had suddenly stopped.
, as he realised that he wasn’t going to be coming home. None of them were. Thanos was going to destroy the entire universe, and take his little girl with it. There was nothing that Steve could do to stop it.
“Well you do it, everyone does it- why shouldn’t I?” Steve asked, and he’d started out just trying to persuade Tony to stop drinking, but suddenly the actual idea itself didn’t seem too bad at all. A good way to just numb it all out for a second, just like everyone said it did-
Tony smiled, kissing Steve’s chest as he did so. “Have you just been lying there watching me this whole time? Pervert,”
Steve tried so hard to open his eyes, to make that last final leap into consciousness so that he could see his baby again, but no matter how hard he tried, it wasn’t enough to will himself awake. Even now, he could feel himself slipping again, falling back down deeper, the voices getting further away.
“Oh, shut up,” Steve rolled his eyes and kissed him again, trying not to laugh at the ridiculousness of what Tony was trying to say. “What; d’you think I’m gonna just wander off and find someone else to fuck and then come back when I’m done?”
He couldn’t respond. His mouth wouldn’t work, his whole body was frozen up. He wanted to tell Steve to put it back in, put his heart back into his body, but he couldn’t make the words come out. Instead, he just twitched his fingers, the ones that were curled around the reactor. His eyes rolled shut and the world around him started to go dim as unconsciousness took hold, the only thing he was able to feel was Steve’s weak hands clutching his shoulders in panic and confusion.
Tony got back to his feet first, helping Steve to his and then holding tight to his hand as he guided them both out of the darkness of their room. Steve followed, legs still feeling horribly unsteady as he walked- but he concentrated on the steady beat of Tony’s pulse under his fingers instead, letting it rush over him like a lullaby. He made sure not to close his eyes for too long, in case the memories flooded into the backs of his eyelids. He was tired, definitely, but sleep could wait. He just needed… Tony.
, not just Tony, I’ll do everything in my power to stop you.” He pursed his lips and stood his ground, even when Zeke laughed and stepped forward.
Thor and Clint turned to one another, both looking nervous. "I have," they said at the same time, before Thor clicked his fingers and grinned triumphantly.
“I’d like that,” he agreed with a small smile, eyes flicking over to the corner of the room where the grand piano rested. Most assumed it was a decorative piece more than anything, despite the fact Tony kept one in every home he owned and the chair was worn with use- but Steve had the honour of knowing better, and as Tony turned on his heel and began to wander over to the beautiful instrument tucked away in the corner, Steve walked parallel to him until he found the couch pushed against the side of the wall. He rolled onto it smoothly, feet on one armrest and his chin perched in his hands on the other as he looked over to Tony a few feet away. The man shot him a small smile and then settled into the stool, fingers flexing experimentally against the keys.
Steve watched him as Tony clenched his jaw and waited until the boy was ready to speak again. He wasn’t quite sure what to say to fill the silence.
Tony, whose eyes had been halfway-shut and ready to fall into a doze, blinked down at him in surprise and then just smiled softly, angling his head and leaning in. Steve automatically met him in the middle and they kissed, soft and slow and easy.
, which meant that he didn’t even have that advantage on his side any more. He could do this really fucking terribly and ruin everything, for all he knew. And yeah, yeah, he got that that was probably a little overdramatic. But still. He’d had a long fucking day.
Weird thing to think when your friends were preparing to give you a third degree burn, but then again, Tony could blame it on the hysteria. He wanted Steve, because Steve would probably do something comforting, like smile at him or tell him it would all be okay. Steve was good at stuff like that.  It was one of the reasons Tony was so crazy about him. Steve always helped, no matter the situation—even if the situation was a hole in your leg and the prospect of imminent agony and subsequent sepsis.
By Peter’s fascinated eyes, he figured not. Peter was still for a moment, before he smacked a hand down against the water and then watched it splash against the sides and onto Tony’s shirt. Then he absolutely chortled in delight, doing it again and again and again.
He stepped further in, turning on thermal vision in his HUD in order to pinpoint the location of the survivor. It wasn’t hard; tucked away in a corner, curled into fetal position, was a hot ball of orange-coloured life. Tony looked at the curve of his shoulders, the tufts on his hair, the outline of his trousers.
“Hey, hey,” Steve soothed, his arms so very gentle around Tony’s waist, “calm down, love- they can’t hurt you any more. I swear.”
Tony nodded, leaning his head down into Steve’s shoulder, and Steve turned his head down into Tony’s curls, shutting his eyes. “I love you,” he whispered.
There was no reaction for a moment, but then slowly, smoothly, Steve lifted his head and looked Tony right in the eyes. His face was blank for a moment, until something creased in his forehead and he opened his mouth. “T… Tony,” he answered, voice like sandpaper.
“Don’t you just want to fucking bundle him up when he’s like this? How do you resist, Steve?” Clint asks, and Tony glares at him and turns to Steve, ready to hear a witty quip in reply, but the other man is just spluttering a little incoherently, eyes still fixed on the pale blue button-down that’s pretty much slipping right off Tony’s shoulders.
He worked through the night. His body ached and his eyes began to droop halfway through, so he marched over to the coffee machine on the other side of the room and filled his body with enough caffeine to keep him buzzing for the next few hours. Then he got back to his schematics, and didn’t think of every time that he’d been thrown away as soon as he stopped being of use to people. He didn’t think about Sunset, who had dated him for months and then left with his stolen designs that he’d been stupid enough to trust her with, didn’t think about all the ‘friends’ at MIT who’d leeched off his money for free drinks and cool clothes when they went out shopping. He didn’t think of the people who’d scarpered as soon as Tony admitted to maybe wanting something more than casual sex, because maybe Tony could give a good roll in the hay, but no one actually wanted to stay for
“Scar’s healing up nicely,” he continued, patting his midsection, and Steve felt like there must have been 12 other messages that hadn’t gotten through which explained that, “no infection, and again, Nebula was useful in patching me up so I didn’t just bleed to death in the ship. Gotta get her some flowers or something. Uh…” He looked down at his hands and inspected his nails, a nervous habit of his when he was gearing up to say something. Steve just waited. They all did. “Uh, I’m pretty sure this message will get to someone some day. However long it takes for the transmission to cross the galaxy. I’ve amped up the signal as much as I can, but… I dunno how much longer I’ve got up here. Oxygen’s running out. Food’s low. There’s a chance that I’m—that this recording is coming from a ghost now.”
But Bruce didn’t need to speak for Steve to know. It was written all over his face, buried underneath the sadness in his eyes.
Steve froze. Looked at Fury, who looked back at him with a steely glare. They faced off for a few moments whilst Steve tried to process what the man had just said, but it didn’t quite go in. Eventually, he came to a simple conclusion:
“-ve, Steve, relax, calm down, hey hey hey, stop-” that was Tony’s voice, Tony’s hands trying to pull him back, keep him close but he
He rushed away, jumping in the air and tapping his heels together joyously as he did so. Behind him, he heard Steve’s laughter, and for the first time in weeks, Tony couldn’t think of a single damned thing that would make him happier.
was left unsaid, but Tony understood it anyway. This was dangerous territory that he and Steve were stepping on now. Old memories and all.
“I’m gonna guess that that’s an above-average strength for a baby,” Steve finished, before waving vaguely upward, “Bruce checked with JARVIS about the velocity and force and stuff. Definitely not normal for children his age.”
Which was amazing, really, considering how difficult it had been for Steve at the start. Tony had begun this believing that a family was the last thing Steve wanted. But he was proved wrong. Steve wanted it so, so badly. Tony could see it in the way he treated Peter. How he held the boy like he meant more than anything else in the whole world, the baby’s whole body tucked safely in one massive arm, and how he smiled so brightly whenever Peter laughed, or reached for him, or tried to say his name through a toothless mouth that couldn’t make the ‘T’.
He jumped off the bike and then grabbed Steve’s helmet, putting them both haphazardly on the seat of his bike before running forward and gesturing for Steve to follow. “Come on!”
Tony nodded easily, his face breaking into a gentle smile. “Sure we can,” he agreed, hand dropping and falling into Steve’s own, “I have a few projects I need to get finished anyway. Come on, Rogers.”
Peter’s hair was a fluffy little bird’s nest atop his head, but that only added to his general aura of adorability as he splayed out like a starfish on the bath mat. Again, Tony wondered how the hell this boy could have possibly have belonged to something as insidious as AIM. The thought alone made him shudder with discomfort and anger. Peter was 6 months old according to JARVIS- he deserved the chance at a happy life just as much as anyone else. Tony refused to let AIM, or anyone, for that matter, take it away from the kid. He wanted Peter to carry that adorable cackling laughter with him for the rest of his
“Indeed Mr. Rogers, apologies for the fright,” came the disembodied voice, and Steve squinted around, looking for a computer like the one in Tony’s room until JARVIS added: “I’m not attached to one hard-drive or computer down here. Unlike in Sir’s room, I operate through an external system running through the whole basement. Sir finds it especially beneficial when working.”
Or at least, he did for about two seconds. Until Tony swung back his fist and punched him in the face so hard that his whole body snapped back from the impact, sending him hurtling to the floor as all his strength deserted him at once.
It looked like Tony was almost going to argue it, but in the end he just sighed, shoving Steve with a shoulder and sending him onto his ass. “Perhaps,” he muttered sulkily.
And just like that, Tony’s interest had been piqued. “What things,” he pressed, sitting up further onto his elbows and raising his eyebrows questioningly, “dirty things? I like those sorts of things.”
“I promise that you can. Pepper and I were discussing it all night last night; she said your presence there isn’t going to make or break anything. They can get other people to step in for you, and you don’t
Steve gave an audible laugh, walking forward and then bending down to press a kiss against Tony’s forehead. “Whatever you want to believe, sweetheart. Just try not to get shot.”
Steve paused, narrowing his eyes in suspicion. “Why would I need to part with my phone for 24 hours, Tony?”
“You sure?” The bigger guy asked, nodding to the bag, and then the phone in his hand, “we could use anything you got, really. All of us are broke, see.”
With a sigh of relief, he looked up at the tower and yawned again. He’d have to be up again in a few hours. But until then, he had a boyfriend to check up with and a mattress to black out on.
Tony didn’t hold himself to quite the same standards, however, as he took Steve’s hand and slipped it over his crotch, pressing his fingers downward against the tent in his pants. Steve’s breath hitched again. “I’ll let you work that one out,” Tony said with a grin, before leaning down and licking into Steve’s mouth. “You know where the bedroom is.”
He could admit, it had been a blow. Ever since managing to find a group of solid, real friends for the first time in his life, he’d been looking forward to being able to spend the different holidays with them, bonding and experiencing how it all felt when it was done with the people you loved around you. And considering the fact that all of those friends were actually Unhuman- Vampires, Werewolves, Demons and the like- he’d been
When Steve chuckled to himself, Tony’s fingers flexed around his waist. “Can we have sex please?” he mumbled, almost on autopilot at the sound of Steve next to him.
“Yes. Decided to switch things up for a change, you know?” She explained, shoving her present into his hands and then turning away to grab some food. Tony knew she didn’t like her kindness being acknowledged, but when Tony read her slips, he jumped off the table and pulled her into a tight hug anyway, which she luckily returned.
Tony blinked at him in confusion, before the realisation dawned on him and his mouth dropped wide. “Holy shit,” he murmured, “all along. Wow. That’s…”
Tony nodded in relief, looking down at Steve’s bloodied face, smushed up against the cold concrete. His metal fingers stroked along the man’s cheekbone, and Tony felt the relief finally allow itself to surge through him. He knew, if this had been any other situation—had Steve been fully coherent, or maybe if they’d had him for longer, this fight wouldn’t have been quite as easy. Tony was lucky. They both were, for that matter.
to stay the fuck away from him,” Tony snarled, slamming Ty against the locker, “what part of that did you not get?”
“I think I’m gonna pass, actually,” Tony backed up, his legs hitting the desk, but Steve followed, unwilling to back down.
Tony’s body was warm next to him, and one of Steve’s hands was lying loosely over his hip. It fit well; he liked it. It belonged there, really. Tony belonged here forever, in bed with him, careless. There was nothing else in the world except them- or at least it felt like it, in that moment in time. If he turned his head just then, he knew what he’d see.
“This isn’t for you, Stark, didn’t you hear? Team training session, remember? Now get over yourself and listen to Cap,” Clint had called out, grinning over the lip of his mug.
“Right, okay, I’ll shut up,” he broke away and mimed zipping his lips, although it ultimately failed a second later when Steve kissed them open again.
“No time like the present,” Natasha shrugged, and then paused, eyes widening a little. “That… that was not a pun. If any of you mention that ever again I’ll break your fingers.”
Bruce checked his watch. “Since the first time you woke, three hours. Since getting back from the HYDRA cell, it’s been about 38.”
“Not a captain anymore,” he responded on autopilot, not taking his eyes off the shattered remains of the window, “I’m a- uh- a PI.”
He had to. This was all he had left now. His ideas. He was an asshole and he pissed everyone off and without the Iron Man suit there was a shockingly low number of things that Tony had going for him, but even with all that, he still had his inventions. He built training programs for the whole team, specified for them. Welded a few new plates for Bucky’s arm to increase dexterity. Redesigned Steve’s suit with stronger fibres that absorbed impact better.
“What if he needs my help?” Steve raised his head up to the ceiling, an old habit. He and JARVIS had had many a conversation despairing over Tony’s welfare, and unless Tony had drastically changed the AI’s code since Steve had been gone, that protective streak would still be there. “JARVIS, I’m not a civilian, and right now, there are people out there in danger.”
“It’s alright, Steve,” Tony said into the side of his face, and Steve realised he was being held by Tony’s arms wrapped around his waist and pulling him in tight, “it’s okay, I know it’s- it’s a lot. I know.”
With a shrug, he unzipped his jacket and then pulled off his shirt, hanging it on the coat-rack. When he turned back, Tony’s eyebrows were raised. “Boy oh boy- you almost look fit enough to be a ballet dancer yourself,” he said in approval.
his back hit the solid wall at the other end of the room and Tony looked like he was going to follow him, he was vaulting the bed and getting close, eyes wide and face panicked, and Steve had no other choice.
Tony could hardly keep a straight face by that point. “I love you too, sweetheart,” he nodded and then leaned forward to kiss Steve’s forehead. By that point, Steve had given up with the whole one-knee schtick, and was no simply kneeling at Tony’s feet and draping himself over his lap like a very large golden retriever.
“Gonna visit my mom,” he said simply, swallowing and looking down, “she- uh… we both loved December, back when... and it’s been a while since I visited, so. Yeah.”
Unfortunately, it was very difficult to plan anything when you had people like Tony Stark living in the same tower as you. That man was predictably unpredictable. Damn him.
When Tony looked over to him, his face was pained, like the words hurt. “I’m out. But I’m not out in those circles. I’m bi. But I’m not bi in their eyes. Not in Howard’s eyes. Jheeze- in Howard’s eyes, his son would never do something as disgusting as that. He turns his head and looks the other way when he sees the blurry paparazzi shots. And I never,
The sky was dark outside. They should have been on the Quinjet home by now. Back to the safety of New York for Christmas. But Tony got the feeling that he wasn’t going anywhere any time soon, however, due to the fact that when he glanced down at his leg, he remembered everything that the poor limb had just gone through and came to the conclusion that it most certainly would not be up for any more movement today.
His face froze as the penny dropped. “Tell me you didn’t,” he said as Steve came to sit down on the couch next to him. “Steve, please say this isn’t what I think it is.”
Someone threw a paper ball at the back of his head and he turned irritably, about to point a very unamused face in the perpetrator’s direction before spotting Carol grinning at him from the other end of the class. How she’d managed to make that shot, he didn’t know.
“Try me.” Tony’s eyebrow lifted, the ghost of amusement shadowing his face. “I’ve undoubtedly heard weirder stories at this point.”
to apologize. He was… he was so strong, and he’d just- when he’d run at Clint like that, it must have been scary as hell.
“You’re in shock, honey.” Steve was concerned now, cupping his hand around Tony’s face and moving it delicately until Tony was looking up at him. “I wasn’t there. I wish I had been, but I wasn’t. He just missed you.”
It took Tony a moment, but then he smiled and stuck out a hand like a baby asking to be held. Sometimes Steve had to remind himself that he was dating someone who’d been expelled four different times, because seriously, the boy that was in front of him was so far from any of that it was insane. This Tony Stark was… cute as shit. That was really the only way to describe it.
“Hey,” Tony said softly, cheek pressed into the pillow as he looked up at Steve, “still here, still fine, still love you. Just like I promised.” He brushed a little strand of hair off Steve’s face with his pinkie finger and then smiled as Steve blinked tiredly and rubbed at his eyes with the back of his hand.
Looking down at her grave- marking the spot in which one of the three people who’d ever truly loved him was laying six feet under- he really wished he could believe her.
Steve looked up from Tony’s shoulder slowly, brow creasing a little. They were sat on the couch back at Steve’s, the whole day having been spent wandering around New York together until eventually Steve had managed to persuade Tony to come over and just relax with him and some movies at home. They’d been sprawled on the couch for little over an hour now, watching reruns of How I Met Your Mother and throwing various projectiles at any misguided friend who attempted to join them. It was, unsurprisingly, the warmest sort of feeling in the world- although Tony had apparently decided that it was time to start talking again, so Steve was more than fine with doing that too.
“Fuck, Tony, you’re gonna kill me.” He planted Tony into the sheets and gripped the washcloth like it was the only thing tethering him to the world. “We’re gonna clean up, and then we’re gonna snuggle, and you’re not going to say things like that for the next few hours.”
He wasn’t sure why exactly he needed it so badly—maybe he just wanted to know whether the guilt that was eating him up was valid or not. Tony said it wasn’t his fault. But he wanted to know what Howard had said; a morbid curiosity that he couldn’t control. Had the man mentioned him? When he’d been beating his own son senseless, was it Steve’s name he was spitting?
Thor nodded his agreement, handing the baby over to Natasha, who was closest to him. “Me too,” he said, “I have to be gone by dawn tomorrow so I can get to Asgard in good time.” He bid them all goodnight and then sloped off, shoulders a little more slumped than usual.
Steve shook his head, a twisted smile on his face as he looked out of the window. “And when we get a knock on our door with a little family of kids dressed up as vampires, my Ma will smile at them, because she never turns people away at the door, even on Halloween. But then the parents will see the teeth in our grin, and they’ll realise we’re the real deal, and suddenly she’ll start pulling her kids away, because it’s alright to dress up as one, but it’s a completely different fucking thing to
He felt Steve’s eyes on him as he moved over to the elevator, but didn’t turn around. Suddenly, he just didn’t want to be there, around it all. He was tired, and it had been a long day, and Tony didn’t want to feel the underlying sense of heaviness that was now going to follow him whenever he saw Peter; a reminder that all of that happiness had a sell-by date. He wasn’t sure why it had hit him so hard just then of all times—maybe it was the fact that this was a milestone for Peter, and Tony and the whole team had deluded themselves into thinking they were a part of it. They weren’t. They were a stop-off point, the last resort. They were the better alternative to fucking AIM, and that was it. Trying to pretend that they could look after a child was just stupid. Especially for someone like Tony. He was supposed to be the pragmatic one, for fuck’s sake.
“Sorry,” he blurted, suddenly feeling all the eyes turn to him. He felt as if they were judging him. Would they talk about him once he left? Probably. He’d been acting weird lately and he knew it. “I just had a really fucking good idea. I gotta shoot off and make a few calls, see if I can bring it to life.”
Steve sat there and watched Tony crumble, burying his face into Rhodey’s shoulder with another distressing hitching noise. A few seconds later, Steve heard the first sounds of Tony as the boy began to cry in earnest, clinging to his best friend’s body like a lifeline. There was nothing Steve could do. No way to help, or make any of it better. Rhodey didn’t let go though; not even for a second. Just rocked them both back and forth, saying nothing, simply letting Tony cry. Rhodey glanced at Steve, and Steve saw the wetness in the other boy’s eyes too.
“Defeated HYDRA, got to take apart a ship, saved the day? Obviously,” Tony replied, making to swing out of the door before stopping, a tiny little frown on his face.
They spent the next hour in his room; simply lounging around trying to wring out as much detail as possible from him. Jan hugged him three times- Clint poked him twice as much, and Natasha even squeezed his arm and told him she was glad he was happy. They laughed loudly and made Mr. & Mrs. Wilson yell at them all for waking both of them up on their lie-in day, and after that, they managed to drag Steve out of his bed and downstairs into the living room to continue talking. He somehow ended up in a pile on the floor, Bucky and Clint underneath him, Sam perching precariously on his stomach.
The distance between himself and the machine shortened, until finally he was able to settle a shaking hand on the frame, leaving a clichéd bloody handprint on the metal as he did so. He stared at the contraption, unmoving.
“Right,” Tony kept his eyes fixed firmly to the bike as he jumped on and started the engine, “let’s get you home before your friends bring the police to my door, shall we?”
“Lot of reasons,” Tony mumbled, fingers fiddling with the bedsheets. He didn’t look Steve in the eye. “Because I’m a fucking idiot? Because I’m pathetic and I thought it was the best I was going to be able to get? I mean, shit, if Captain America can’t even bear to be with me without hitting me a few times, then it wasn’t exactly like I was gonna get much better from anyone else, right?” He blinked rapidly and then looked up at Steve, his jaw tight. Steve could see the humiliation in his eyes- and this was the first time Tony had even spoken more than just three words about it at all, but Steve hadn’t realized quite how damning it would be for him to hear him actually say what they both already knew.
He was currently in Thor’s car, sat in total silence as Loki drove erratically down the New York roads with a pursed mouth and tight fingers at the wheel. Thor had sent his brother, unwilling to leave Tony alone, and the boy had arrived in rapid time, indicating that more than one law had been broken. Not that Steve had given a shit when he’d lurched forward and jumped into the passenger seat, of course. He felt kind of like he was in a dream. The facts were floating around in his head, but they weren’t really processing. It didn’t feel real. He hadn’t even told any of the Wilsons that he was gone—just up and left, getting into the car that had come to pick him up without a second thought.
“We’ll talk about everything in the morning,” Tony promised, “just sleep, baby.” His hand squeezed down around Steve’s, and he tilted his head backward, giving Steve access to his cheek for a little kiss. Steve was still sort of reeling from their conversation, and he had… a lot of stuff that he needed to say—but Tony was right. He was exhausted, and he didn’t have the energy to broach all the subjects just now. God, just being awake for those thirty seconds and thinking that he’d murdered Tony had been enough to just take any energy straight out of his body.
Steve’s face was calm and earnest. He didn’t look angry like he should be. “I’m sorry,” Tony said as soon as he remembered what the other man had probably seen on the internet that day. Then he realised he’d ignored Steve’s question, and blinked. “That’d be nice.”
That thought, of course, set him off. He figured it had been a long time coming anyway; the darkness and the cold of the winter months rarely helped with his mood, and lately things had just been looking a little bleaker in general. It was always a hard thing to describe- that low feeling that came about for no reason, and then refused to leave you alone. Sometimes he felt as if he was just exaggerating it. Christ, there were people like Tony in the world who had actual things to be sad over, but then there was Steve, pouting and sulking over a feeling he couldn’t even give an explanation for. He rarely even told his therapist, when that happened. He knew she’d try and make him find a reason, and Steve didn’t quite know how to tell her that he was just…
Peter slid across the floor of the bathtub and used the edge of the tub to haul himself up and then clutch a hand into Tony’s shirt, demanding some more attention. Tony rolled his eyes and sat him back down, grabbing a cupful of water and then pouring it over his head, making sure to cover his eyes. “So come on,” he muttered, head shifting back to Steve curiously, “tell me why this 2-foot baby scares you, Captain America.”
Steve lurched, turning to the sound of the low, drawling voice. Loki was stood over him, arms folded, confrontational as ever. But he was holding a bottle of water in one fist and a cup of what smelled like coffee in the other, so it seemed he was going to be giving one of them up as a peace offering.
Throwing himself down and clutching on to a jagged shard of metal that had been left exposed, Steve stuck his hand out wildly, to catch Tony- stop him falling to his death.
Tony turned to him for a second- and God, Steve could see the little moment of indecision in the back of his eyes, he watched as Tony opened and shut his mouth a few times-
Steve looked up at him, nearly bumping noses with the other boy when he realized how close they were. Tony just smiled- sad around the edges. “He was very grateful when I showed up with his little brother though. Took me inside and gave me some ice for the black eye Loki had inflicted upon me and everything. I don’t think there’s a malicious bone in that boy’s body.”
The projection flickered off, and the room was left in total quiet. Steve stared at the place where Tony’s body had been just seconds ago, and then felt his knees give up on him. He slumped down against the wall, elbows bracing his knees as he scraped fingernails through his hair. He felt fucking dizzy.
Steve rolled his eyes and shut the elevator, catching sight of a raised middle finger just before the doors closed behind them. Tony chuckled and leaned against Steve subconsciously, and the other man ducked his head, kissing Tony. “You look gorgeous,” he murmured, hands skimming across the suit material that fitted snugly around Tony’s waist.
Well. For about three seconds, anyway. After that, their moment of peace was rudely interrupted by four other people as they kicked the door open and piled in.
There were voices on the other side of the door, and Steve spotted Natasha and Clint step through into the porch, concern written all over their faces.
Steve pressed two fingers against his face, feeling the bandaid that now covered the injured section of his forehead. Tony sat back a little, looking everywhere but Steve.
When a child was met with the harsh reality of their parent’s cruelty, what could they do other than sit there and take it and wonder whether or not this was what they’d deserved?
Tony was out there, somewhere. He was still alive, and he still loved Steve, despite all of it. Steve hadn’t been going mad.
Later, when he’d been carried back to the jet and brought home, they realised it was because of HYDRA.
It didn’t matter that this time last year, Tony had been sat around with a group of people he would have moved heaven and earth for, as they sat and bickered and hugged him, smiling and rolling their eyes when Tony said
or something along those lines. Something that’d sting in the older Stark’s mind. Something he would hate.
“My mother gave me this necklace when I was, what, seven? Yeah- seven or eight, I think,” and Steve looked up at Tony then, as he stepped forward and dug his fingers under his collar, pulling at the chain around his neck and showing Steve the same necklace he’d seen a handful of times by that point, “it was her father’s from back in Italy, and when they died, she brought it back. She had her mother’s- hers was a little star, and mine’s the moon, look-“
Steve realised, with a startling sort of intensity, that he was very much in love with Tony Stark. Hopelessly so.
Natasha grunted, not taking her eyes off the screen as she waved at him half-heartedly. "Peter cried for two hours until we turned this on," she said, "then he shut up. This is where we've been for the whole afternoon."
Tony waved him off, unzipping the kit and pulling out a few antiseptic wipes. He made an upward gesture with his hand, and Steve frowned.
“I’m sorry- for earlier, I mean,” he said, swallowing a little and waving a hand, “I know it was… I’m sorry. Let me make it up to you-“
Fuck. He had no idea why he was thinking so hard about it- no idea why Tony had that much effect on him at all. They barely knew each other. Tony was quite obviously trouble. It was just… stupid.
many lives. Without you, HYDRA would have taken over humanity. Without you, the Avengers would have no one to lead them. Without you, I’d probably have just jumped off the fucking roof a damn long time ago. But nope, none of that matters, because motherfucking Piece of Shit Loki Laufeyson
He told Bruce to stay put and then forced his legs to move, head out of the door. Tony would be okay in the few minutes he was gone. Jogging back to where Rhodey and Natasha still lay, he nodded his head and assured them that Bruce and Tony had made it through. Then he crouched down and looked at Rhodey. “Hope you don’t mind being bridal-carried,” he said.
or- or the colder version, the less familiar one. That Steve wasn’t really a fan of hugs. He liked to fuck, which is mostly what they’d been doing whenever they were in bed together these lately, which was okay, but admittedly somewhat exhausting. And recently he’d decided he liked it fast and hard and rough, and Tony was all for that, but again... Steve was strong. And Tony was waking up with more bruises than he could count these days. It was good, it was hot, but. You know. Tony missed the hugging, too. Steve would probably drop the phase soon anyway- he was a teddybear at heart, and he was the one who had actually got Tony to enjoy cuddles in the first place, so Tony knew that it wasn’t anything he’d have to think about in the long term.
This wasn’t looking good, and Tony had barely ever seen Steve this… skittish, before. It was freaking him out a bit.
“This is not about you two right now,” he told them sharply, “this is about Peter. What are we going to do now? Him being superhuman is going to change how social services take on his case, right?”
“Nuh uh, don’t finish that sentence,” Tony said quickly, scrambling to action before Steve could say something horrendous like ‘
He wasn’t sure why he reacted so anticlimactically to whatever terrors woke him from sleep, but he always had, his whole life. They never forced him awake- never ripped screams from his throat or caused him to shake. He simply lay, ‘stiff as a board’ as Tony put it, until eventually the nightmare was either bad enough to jerk him out of unconsciousness, or it merely passed by and disappeared into haze of memories and dreamscape. In every sense of the word, Steve was trapped within the confines of his own head until the nightmare decided to let him go.
“We need to get him to his lawyer before he calls in the press and blows this up,” Steve waved at the injury on Tony’s forehead, “the last thing SHIELD needs is the whole world condemning them for torture practise. I know this is against protocol, but we don’t have time to get permission from the top brass.”
Mrs Wilson sighed and tightened her hands around the steering wheel of the car. “Steve, that’s not the point,” she explained, “the point is that your social worker is monitoring your progress, your school-work,
At that moment, the door slammed back open again; and both of them turned to see Rumlow and Director Fury himself glaring at them from the entrance. The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood on end as he saw the man they’d just been discussing. Rumlow’s lip curled. Steve thought that he was giving Steve a slightly different look now, different to the usual disdain. Now it seemed more like he’d become a pig destined for the slaughterhouse.
“Who says I’m trying to deny anything? George Clooney would have been my husband if you hadn’t pissed him off back in ‘04,” Pepper’s face soured, and she turned back to the screen, “I still hate you for that, by the way.”
He let the phone ring to voicemail, and then curled in miserably on himself, hating every single atom of his being for putting Tony through this. For hurting him. For abandoning him. For not even giving Tony the ability to break it all off, when any
But then Rhodey nodded. “Still breathing, still a pulse. Just unconscious. She got knocked into a tree.” In that moment, Steve noticed Rhodey’s own wounds. There was a tear in his jacket, and dark red slowly spilled onto the green of the material. The man saw Steve looking and held up a hand. “I’m fine,” he gritted, “just a flesh-wound.”
“He’s not come back home for two weeks, now,” he continued, voice raw, “that’s a new record. Haven’t heard from him either. Could be dead or alive. And when-
“Hey, look, I had to do impromptu mechanics on my baby halfway back from New Jersey, I didn’t have time to come back and change into something better!” Tony defended himself, although a hand rubbed worriedly on the particularly large grease-stain running along his stomach. “Do you- I mean, I can go change if you want, I just didn’t want you to think I’d-“
Steve harrumphed, fiddling with his hands against the table and trying not to blush wildly at the accusations his friends were all throwing at him. It was… Tony having a crush on him was ridiculous, really- Tony was Tony and Steve was just…
They’d managed to pull him out of it, though, and from then on, things were a little clearer in his head. He remembers Natasha on one side of him and Steve on the other, holding him up and asking him if he could walk. Remembers asking what they’d done. Remembers the anger on Bruce’s face as he’d told Tony that they didn’t know yet, but they’d find out.
Steve just smiled, sitting back a little. Tony turned to face him, hunching his knees up to his chest and then wrapping his arms loosely around them. “Do I look good as new?” He asked.
“But I was careless, too belligerent and not fucking thinking right. I made mistakes. Someone sounded the alarm, got a message over to the village centre while I was busy blowing stuff up. Probably thought I was sent by the American Government or something. Didn’t like that at all, but they knew if the Americans were coming in, they weren’t gonna escape with what they were after.” Tony swallowed and shook his head, finally looking at Steve again, his eyes filled with regret. “They decided to make a statement. Turned my Jericho Missile on themselves, and blew everyone to kingdom fucking come. And my weapons are good
“The ring,” he said blankly, eyes zoning in on Steve’s now bare finger, “the… why aren’t you wearing your ring?”
“We need to break up,” Steve said again, voice wavering wildly, “this… this isn’t working, Tony. Look at this. Look at
She was saying it because she might not get another chance to, and Steve… Steve wasn’t even sure how to process it. He didn’t even have time, anyway—a few seconds later, and the barrier was opening, beasts starting to swarm into Wakanda with feral screams and razorblade teeth. Steve took in a breath and shoved it all down, the same way he always fucking did—No time, no time, there was
They continued on like that until they reached the stairwell. Steve let Tony go, and immediately Tony stepped a hasty distance away. Steve pretended not to notice, just pulling out his phone and shooting off a text to Natasha. They waited in silence for a second, until Steve received confirmation. Natasha had shut down the CCTV.
He turned back, wandering over to the ship he’d started out next to, where Tony was still working. “How’s it going?”
In fact, he was only even aware he’d fallen asleep when he had to open his eyes again a few hours later, thanks to Steve shuffling around on his shoulder. The man was fast asleep, one hand thrown over Tony’s middle, legs curled in underneath himself. He looked peaceful, and his face wasn’t tight. It made a nice change.
“Fuck off,” Tony tried, but unfortunately the way his arms wrapped around Steve’s back and then rested there loosely gave away his true intentions, which was a shame.
Oh God, that was true. So many things to think about that Tony had never even considered. This... this was definitely not what he'd been wanting to spend his brain-power on tonight, that was for sure. He looked around the now-empty common room, hoping for an answer. "Uh, we could shove the couch right up to the bedside and then put him on that? That way he won't accidentally roll off."
Richards said nothing. His hair, usually well-kempt and slicked back, was fuzzy and irregular. He leaned heavily onto his left side— Steve remembered hearing of a fight between the Fantastic Four and Victor Von Doom a few days ago. He filed the injury away quietly.
Tony looked at him for a moment, before humming nervously and then nodding softly. “I mean- of course I would, Steve,” he said with a shrug, and it was dark, yeah, but Steve liked to think Tony was going red under his collar, “I’m just really sorry I made a scene. I didn’t mean to embarrass you, I swear-“
He laughed quietly, bangs once more falling into his eyes before he leaned down and pressed their mouths together, nothing in it but softness and gratitude. When Steve pulled away, his eyes were shining. “Thank you. I love you. And you don’t have to say it back—”
“How bad did it hurt, in the immediate aftermath?” Thor asked eventually, and he didn’t give context, but Steve knew what he meant anyway.
“It wasn’t your fault,” was the first thing that Tony said, looking at him intently, “Steve, I know what you’re thinking-“
He was bowled over from the side as Thor barrelled into him, wrapping a huge arm around his shoulders and smiling brightly. When Steve turned to him, he noticed another victim under Thor’s other arm; curly brown hair and thick-rimmed glasses and a resigned sort of look on his face. Bruce Banner- Steve remembered him from a few times he’d sat with them all at lunch.
“I don’t think I want to,” Loki told him in his smooth, cutting voice, to which Steve just sighed. Fair enough, he supposed. Not exactly like he was going to be the most pleasant of company.
A time machine, Scott had said. A real life, genuine time machine. Not perfect, of course, and if they were going to do anything with it, he was pretty sure Tony would be vital to that, but still… time travel. The geek inside him couldn’t quite believe that. He’d spent so much time wondering about whether it was possible, about whether there was a way for him to go back to the forties where he’d thought he’d belonged… but now it was in front of him, Steve didn’t even entertain the thought. There was nothing left for him back there now. But here, he had everything.
Tony said nothing; just nodded once, sniffing and pushing his hand over his face to wipe off the tears. It must have hurt, because he didn’t do it gently enough for the injuries, but he didn’t make a sound. A second later, he shut his eyes, and Steve wordlessly got to his feet to search out a blanket. There was one thrown over another armchair, which he grabbed and then delicately tucked around Tony. He should probably have gotten the other boy’s uncomfortable clothes off first, but he felt like right now, just getting him to sleep was the priority. It didn’t take long for Tony’s body to go lax and his breathing to even out; his body and mind both having been utterly exhausted at the events of the day.
as he shook his head and turned around, walking off quickly- but Steve followed, trying to hide his smile as he followed Tony down the corridor. "You know," he began, "liking things is not actually the most shameful thing in the world."
Steve just grinned harder, overtaking Tony when he stopped and then pulling him out of the room by the hand. He felt brave, all of a sudden. He knew Tony wanted him. He knew he wasn’t actively doing anything wrong, so what exactly was there to be afraid about?
like you were waiting until Steve was out of the room to immediately start fucking around with Romanov, don’t fuck with me right now, Asshole-“
They all murmured their agreements, looking at Peter as he continued to prod Thor, oblivious to the decisions being made around him. Tony watched with a tight mouth and a deep frown- he knew that Peter didn’t belong to them, but… it felt wrong to just dump him somewhere again. He’d already had that happen to him once in the last 24 hours. But what choice did they have? It was for the best, he supposed.
“Sir,” JARVIS spoke up quietly, and it was only then that Steve realised the elevator had actually stopped moving a while ago and was now sitting stationary at the basement floors, doors wide open and exposing the corridor which led to Tony’s workshop. Steve wondered how long they’d been stood there before the AI had decided to speak up. “You have arrived at the Workshop level.”
“You know,” JARVIS said eventually, making Steve jerk out of his own thoughts, “I may be an artificial intelligence, but I do think I actually like you.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m abandoning you all again,” Steve stuck his head around the door of the living room and smiled brightly at them all, “I’ve been given a better offer, and honestly, you were only really here in the first place because I couldn’t get you all to leave.“
He mostly kept himself together on the ride over, forcing a sense of calmness over his mind so that he could focus enough to be even of the slightest use. Against the seat of the car, his back sat rigid and taut, every muscle of him tensed and ready to fly to action. His hands shook in his lap, and the thought that he’d been feeling sleepy and lethargic ten minutes ago was now an absurd notion. No part of him felt tired now. He was more alert than he’d ever been in his life; noticing everything, the twitch of Loki’s hands, the minute of the clock steadily heading up from thirty to thirty-two, to thirty-three, to thirty-four…
When they both stumbled into the kitchen, they all got a cheer from the rest of the team. “They emerge!” Bruce said as he threw up his hands with a grin, “what were you goddamn doing- it’s past midday, Steve, that’s not like you.”
Steve shrugged. They hurt, but he was used to it. His head felt worse, to be honest- but again, he’d survived more severe injuries before. This was practically a walk in the park. “I’ll be fine,” he said, nodding his head.
He looked at the phone nervously. This felt like a breach of trust, and the worry and guilt was slowly piling up. He hadn’t even considered Tony might have been struggling with that on top of everything- he’d just been too angry and hurt to do anything other than leave the situation before he ended up escalating it. It was a habit his therapist had encouraged in him, but now he wished she’d just let that bit slide. He should’ve stayed. Fuck, he should’ve stayed.
Sitting up slowly, he rolled over and then slid off the bed, moving to his desk. He wanted to take his mind off things for a bit, and his sketchpad looked very appealing right now. It was creasing around the edges, and was a little too cheap for his liking, but he didn’t really have any room for complaint. It was better than handkerchiefs and his own skin, which had been his canvas for most of the year.
Tony froze, looking at Steve like a rabbit caught in the headlights. His mouth fell open a little, before shutting again immediately after in order for him to swallow. He didn’t say anything.
. Tony didn’t want to know what he was thinking; it was a goddamned mess up in there, and not one that he particularly wanted to share-
Tony felt himself blush as he watched Steve stride forward confidently, before stopping and looking back at Tony. His face creased in worry, and he looked between the corridor and the room where Tony was still sat. He seemed conflicted.
Despite the depressing nature of his words, Steve found himself smiling somewhat fondly. “At least we can be fucked up together, I suppose,” he said with a shrug and a small laugh, “that’s what friends are for, right?”
bruh im sorry this took so long, but!!!! it is here now, and I made it extra long to make up for the wait!
Fury said nothing for a moment, his jaw twitching the way it always did when he was uncomfortable. Something began to sink in Steve’s stomach; an ominous forewarning that he was not going to like what he was about to hear. A sudden terrible thought popped into his head not even a second later, and suddenly the breath froze in his throat, veins turning to ice. “Is—is he dead?” He leaned back imperceptibly, like he could physically avoid the answer he didn’t want to hear.
He tensed up in bed once more and pulled his eyes open immediately, cursing inwardly. The nightmares had been abating, recently- but it was never perfect, and Steve was always preparing for another downward spiral. They came and went, just as everything else did. It just seemed tonight was one of those nights where they came and then lingered, however.
“Don’t see how that’s any of your business, actually, now can you get out of my way?” Steve asked, voice hard, and he pushed forward, knocking Ty’s shoulder as he went, uncaring of whether or not he was polite any more. He wasn’t going to let some stranger push him around just because he thought he owned the fucking place, thank you very much-
Steve lay back, his head hitting the pillows as Tony ended the call. Night had fallen outside his window, and he could hear the hard rain as it banged against the glass once again, relentless in its deluge. It hadn’t stopped since Monday, at this point.
“I…” Steve began, voice hoarse as he turned his hand over and clutched desperately to Bucky’s, “you…I’m sorry-”
Tony breathed out, palming a damp hand over his heart. “Jesus fucking Christ, Steve, make a noise when you’re walking up behind a guy,” he said, before the words Steve had just said processed in his head and he looked up sharply. “What do you mean by that?”
In hindsight, he could see that. It was painfully obvious. But at the time, he refused to admit it. He pushed Tony away as far as the man would go, unwilling to let him get caught up in Steve’s quickly-spiralling world, snapped and screamed at him when he pushed too far. He drank so much that he should have fucking died, honestly. There were days, weeks, even, when he didn’t even come home at all. Whatever dark place he’d ended up in, Tony couldn’t reach him there. And slowly, Tony started to pull back further than Steve had even pushed him. Didn’t try and talk to Steve. Didn’t search him out. They lived in a house together and in their worst point, probably only saw one another about twice in a month. Tony threw himself into his work instead, spending night after night hunched over books and accounts with a deep frown etched into his face, eyes tired and pale. Steve would have used to tell him to rest. But he’d come back different, and there was nothing left in him that felt as if it could care. When they weren’t ignoring one another they were fighting; both of them drinking too much to be able to resolve it properly, both too emotional to be objective. They stopped making up and just started letting it fester.
“I’m not trying to-“ Bucky began, before growling in frustration and clenching his jaw. “I just… fucked up. I know I did. But I was just… I wanted-“
it was one of the few things his Mom had treasured and Steve had just gone and had it fucking stolen.
Tony turned his head, smiling at the computer as he wiped his face. His eyes were red, face even blotchier now. “Where I go, you go, bud. I’m not leaving you behind. Ever.”
How many times had Tony come to him with an outrageous statement like that? God, too many to count. Tony Stark was just the man who changed the entire world in a single evening, and Steve loved him so much he physically felt as if one day it’d all explode out through his chest. “That was fast,” he said, gently placing his pencil back on the armrest, “do you think you’re gonna do anything with it now?”
When Tony came into view, he watched Steve go still, and the tension racketed up a notch or two. “Steve,” Tony said in a low voice, hands going up slowly, “do you know who I am?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve mumbled, kissing Tony’s throat tentatively, “I just- I’m good at always thinking the worst. Character flaw, I’ll admit.”
Tony blinked rapidly, hands flexing against his side as he shook his head. It was stupid. Steve was sleeping, because it was fuck’o’clock in the morning and he didn’t get up past 10 unless he had some pent-up energy he needed to run off. Steve was just sleeping. He swallowed down the urge to rush over to him, and instead walked stiffly over to his wardrobe, picking out the suit he was going to be wearing with shaking fingers. Behind him, Steve continued to sleep silently, face buried into the pillow so that his breaths were stifled. Not
Steve smiled, but it was a little tight as he curled his hands around his knees and frowned. “Because I break doors when I’m not concentrating,” he mumbled quietly, “because I weigh four times the average person and babies don’t even have fully developed skulls until they hit nine months old. Tony, I don’t… they’re so fragile.” He swallowed and shook his head. “So so fragile. And I am… not. It’d be like trying to make an industrial crane pick up a china teacup.”
Luckily, Steve kept his run to vaguely human standards, and half a minute later they’d arrived at this tree Steve was so excited about. That was where they spent the rest of their evening, both of them facing off with one another, backs resting on opposing branches as they talked. The warm sunshine speckled Steve’s face as it shot through the leaves, and it caught on his irises in a way that made them almost glow. He was older now than when they’d first met, all the way back 7 years ago now, but he was still just as stunning. Steve aged- Thank God- and it showed on his face with little laugh lines and slightly weaker blond hairs than what he’d had at the beginning, not quite fading to gray, but perhaps a few years away from starting. Tony just felt honoured to know that he was going to be around to see that transition. He was going to get to grow old with Steve. If Steve said yes, that was.
- and what they’d meant by that was a family with more money and in a better area. But Steve had been adamant about staying with his friends, and in the end they’d begrudgingly agreed. He knew though, that it probably wouldn’t take much to get his case reconsidered. Especially if his behaviour started falling.
