He kept a careful eye on Sherlock's face, ready to catch any change in expression that might tell him if the cook was right about him.
He kept one arm around her and the other on Redbeard's back as he indicated the dog. "This is Redbeard. He's been looking forward to meeting you."
The victim got on the train. The train moved and stopped at several stations. The victim developed a nosebleed and dropped dead. Panic in the carriage. Everyone left. The police arrived.
"A lot of nonsense," Sherlock completed her sentence firmly. "What did you come up here for, anyway?"
And as John places his chair next to Sherlock's, she adds: "I'm so glad you could make it, John. Christmas should be spent with family."
"No, I don't," John agreed. "But that doesn't mean shit. Everyone's got prejudices and hers were too close to the surface. I think she saw me less as a patient and more as a trigger for bad memories."
"I'm sure that won't happen," he said firmly. "Now if you'll excuse us, we've still got some ground to cover today."
Sherlock remembered that day in the snow when he was a boy, the day he had miraculously evaded being impaled on a tree branch. From the pain he was experiencing right now, it appeared the branch had finally caught up with him. He was pinned, a butterfly fluttering weakly with no means of escape. Behind him there was the wall and in front of him was John, and he couldn't come closer. He mustn't.
Judd ignored their silent conversation and continued. "I am of the sub-designation TK-Cell, if that tells you anything. While my TK works just as well as yours, it is specialised to work at a cellular level. I was trained to use it to kill people, to stop their hearts in their chests. Recently, I have found a better way to put it to use by rearranging cells and tissue to heal wounds. But the triggers in my brain are likely very similar to yours. If this is the case, there will be a kill switch somewhere. If you get too emotional and your TK gets out of control, this trigger will cause your death."
Getting a grip was more difficult than it should have been, because he suddenly found himself very aware of Sherlock. Sherlock's large hands touching him, the heat of his body that shouldn't have been surprising but still was, the scent of his shampoo and whatever it was he used to tame his curls.
"it's the only time of the year Sherlock will eat until he can't move," she explains happily, as if that is all the motivation she needs to make an entire turkey and so many pigs in blankets Sally is sure they'll still be eating them come New Year's Day.
Another spike of pain jagged through his brain at the thought. He disregarded it with a blink. The trouble with teaching him not to feel was that they had accidentally also taught him to disregard pain.
John drew back for a moment, one hand reaching for Sherlock’s testicles and making him almost sob with need. “Come on, love.”
John made a rough sound of protest and Sherlock leaned forward, reaching for his hand. "I have to do this," he insisted. "The dissonance will kill me sooner rather than later. Best to get rid of it now while I have hardly any TK to speak of. I have no other choice but to try."
She arrives out of breath, strands of hair escaping from her braid, her cheeks flushed from running all the way from the tube. "Uh, why were Sherlock and John snoring on the stairs in the hallway?"
"Will you explain about skin privileges now?" Sherlock asked in an obvious attempt to change the topic.
John wanted to reply, to ask what the hell was going on, but his tongue and larynx still refused to obey him.
"Don't worry," he said, when he was reasonably sure his voice wouldn't break. "I can safely promise you that after your wedding, I won't be arguing with her at all."
They managed to get a small table for two by the glass wall of one of the many coffee shops in the train station. Sherlock turned his seat a little so he could keep an eye on the reflection of the information desk in the shop walls opposite.
Mud and rain and moss and leaves and wood - scents of the forest, which was no surprise considering they'd been walking through it only last night. The stale scent of cigarettes was a surprise, however, but it was faded and he quickly realised it was nothing but the remnants of the smoking habit Sherlock had given up on not so long ago. Apparently, the scent was too deeply ingrained in the fabric of the coat to dissipate any time soon - or possibly at all.
The idea of the two of them sharing the hot tub unfolded in his mind, his over-eager brain filling in a lot of the details.
John froze halfway between the bed and Sherlock. Oh no. No no no no, this was not happening right now. In fact, this was not happening at all. The alcoholic fumes Sherlock was breathing at him had gone to his head, muddling his perception. That was it. Sherlock had not just told him he wanted to sleep with him. Definitely not.
Sherlock moaned into his mouth and his hands slid beneath John's waistband and around his back to unashamedly grope his arse.
Sherlock grumbled his way through yet another cold shower, getting dressed and having breakfast, much to John's amusement, before letting John drag him out to the park for a walk.
Sherlock nodded. "Theoretically, yes. But you've met them. Does either of them strike you as a killer?"
"I'll talk to him again tomorrow," he said. "Maybe you're right and us being friends again might make him see reason."
It was never going to be okay, no matter what happened. They were already so far past the point of no return, he didn't even know why he was fighting it any more.
Mrs Hudson giggled like a schoolgirl. "Oh, I think he liked that!" she commented, somehow managing to make even that innocent observation sound lewd. "Here, I brought a whole tin of them. I'm so glad you boys gave me a laptop for Christmas, Mrs Turner next door showed me this website where you can find all sorts of recipes!"
"What's that?" a nasal voice demanded, making Sherlock turn his head to look in the direction of the speaker.
John whined, but stopped his pathetic attempts to get up, allowing Sherlock to approach him and bend over him. He grasped the dog firmly around his chest and lifted him off the floor, grunting at the weight. According to his research, a fully grown Toller could easily weigh 18-25 kilograms. He'd guess John to be on the heavier side of the scale, which wasn't very surprising. In most species males tended to be larger and heavier, after all.
"Well," Sherlock said. "Looks like our friends from the Yard are in for a surprise. Remember to act as if you've never met them before, will you?"
John gave a low whine and shook his head, nuzzling Sherlock's knee before turning to press his nose to Sherlock's chest, right above his heart.
The bookshelves on the walls yielded family photos with his son in pride of place, a Bible (why anyone would need a Bible in an office, Sherlock had no idea, but a quick flip through the pages revealed no hidden compartments or suspicious markings) and far too many books on business management. At least he had taken his job seriously and had been committed to his company.
. Like he belongs to lazy Sunday mornings in bed, the sun in his face and Sherlock's treacherous heart in his hands. Like Sherlock might have a place right there with him.
He was still sitting like that when Sherlock came down the stairs, murmured "Heel" to Redbeard and left without another word.
John nodded to himself. Sherlock had gone from the expectation of no John to having John around 24/7. It was hardly surprising that he was, well, happy about it, even if the reason for the change in plans was anything but nice. But people could feel more than one emotion at a time, as John knew only too well. And if he was entirely honest to himself, he was glad to be here with Sherlock, too.
John reached out and shoved it closed again. That voice in his head was back, screaming at the top of its metaphorical lungs:
"Can't it wait?" John asked. "You heard him, the wedding is in two days and we're drowning in preparations."
"Thank you," John murmured against his shoulder, gave him one last squeeze and stepped back, smiling at him. "For organising all this just because I asked. I couldn't have hoped for a better best man."
"John! John, stop!" Sherlock ordered and he froze, his panicked thoughts stilling momentarily as he stared at Sherlock's face. "Listen to me, John, and try to stay calm."
One look at Sherlock is enough to tell John that his friend will be out of action for a couple of days at least. He pulls the blanket off the back of his chair and drapes it over Sherlock, unable to resist running a hand through his hair. Sherlock hums quietly and arches into the touch like a cat.
Thank you for clicking on this story, for reading it and for (hopefully) leaving kudos and/or (a) comment(s).
"You didn't answer my call," the DI pointed out. "After how eager Sherlock was for information, I thought he'd be glued to his phone."
Her searching gaze met his and he thought he saw a flash of defeat in her eyes. "He's finally told you, then."
His brother shrugged. “Just a superficial check for red flags - past convictions, that sort of thing. Nothing popped. I suppose we were looking under the wrong name.”
He waited for Sherlock to get lost in his notes before deciding that now was a great time to exact his revenge for the kong. He sneaked out of the sitting room and down the hallway, pushed open the door to Sherlock's bedroom and followed his nose to the chest of drawers.
“You did,” the officer said calmly. “Look at your hands. You did everything you could, John. You checked her pulse, you tried to get her to breathe, you put pressure on the wound. You did everything humanly possible.”
He never feels this way about anyone else, never even felt this way when he was still married and happy about it (a frightfully short overlap, in hindsight).
It was like being hit by a tsunami of pent-up desire. John hardly knew what was happening. One moment, things had been soft and cautious and now Sherlock was kissing him with a heretofore unexpected level of desperation.
Sherlock didn't reply, of course, and John shook his head in despair. What the hell had his flatmate been up to?
The soldier raised his eyebrows. "By playing the violin in a train station. Yes, I can see how that would make you just fade into the crowd."
"That is rather a lot to ask," Sherlock murmured. "I'm not sure we have earned it. Well, you have, without doubt. I'm not so sure about myself."
Sherlock gave her an innocent look. "As you so astutely pointed out, I cannot take him to the crime scene, so I am giving him to you to look after until I'm done inspecting the body. I trust you are capable of that much, at least."
"So ... Sherlock." John said his name as if tasting a strange dish and liking it more than he had expected. "What is it that you do? We've already confirmed busking isn't it, though you could probably make a small fortune with it. You don't look like you're with the police, though, and you certainly didn't act like it."
Sherlock stared down at John's hands on his, marvelling at the feeling of them covering his own. "I ... I wanted to tell you. I almost did, a couple of times. But every time I thought I might stand a chance, you brought up the divorce again, or Mary, or both. And every time, I thought I'd rather be your friend than your nobody. I didn't for a moment fool myself into thinking our friendship could survive it if I told you."
"I'm checking now," Mycroft said and John heard the clicking noise of someone typing rapidly. "Mrs Hudson left to visit her sister three days ago. Sherlock accompanied her out and helped her into her car. He looked normal at the time. He returned indoors and hasn't been out since, except to open the door to accept a food delivery from his favourite Chinese restaurant at 8:30pm two days ago."
The stared at each other until the waitress came with their drinks. John took a sip of his water, hoping the distraction would be enough to stop Sherlock from trying to question him further.
They grinned at each other, too pleased with being together to waste any time on worrying about what else the police or Mycroft might discover in their search. If anything came up, they would learn about it soon enough.
He wondered if he could possibly talk Sherlock into charming the cook into giving him a bottle of whiskey later. John had a feeling he might need it to loosen both their tongues. That stiff British upper lip was going to be the death of them and he wouldn't mind a bit of liquid courage. Also, getting Sherlock drunk could be all kinds of heretofore undiscovered fun.
"Information," Sherlock told him. "There is a killer on the loose, in case you hadn't noticed. He uses psychic blasts to kill changelings."
"I know, I don't like it either. But I have no idea how to deal with this. I'm not a healer and our pack healer won't be able to do anything for him. We'll have to risk it."
Sherlock was busy sulking because his hangover prevented him from doing anything productive and John was trying very hard not to feel cruelly misused and disappointed by Sherlock's lack of recollection of what could have been the turning point of their relationship.
John tried not to freak out as he anxiously watched London pass outside the cab's window, his leg bouncing in a jittery rhythm. Sherlock was alright. He had to be. He was probably just trying to confuse him, make him curious by altering his usual texting style to see if John would react.
"Oh no, nothing like that." Eliza lowered her voice to a dramatic whisper. "Someone's been murdered."
Sherlock stood with his forehead pressed to the cool tiles, barely resisting the urge to hammer his head against them repeatedly. Hot water hit his head and shoulders, soaking his hair and running down his back, across the impressive collection of scars.
"The only logical option would be to start working at a local clinic or hospital," Sherlock said. "But I honestly can't see you working in such a place. You're a doctor who went to war. You'd be bored out of your mind within a week at most."
Sherlock stared down at it as if he had encountered a strange and so far undiscovered species, tilting his head this way and that and having to refocus his gaze every time he did so.
Mr James, knowing a dismissal when he heard one, promptly rose from his chair and handed Sherlock his card. "I am glad to know you will be looking into the matter," he said. "I know Harrison would have appreciated your efforts, no matter what you may unearth."
"Er... alright," John stammered, thinking that this was definitely not alright but rather bordering on bloody unfair. "So I'm guessing you're not going to sleep with your trousers on, either?"
"You do seem to have calmed down since we arrived," Sherlock noted. "You were shaking quite badly indeed when we left Baskerville, and the car seemed to have been a rather disturbing experience as well. The noise, I assume?"
They were quiet again for a bit but this was the most he had ever heard Sherlock say about that elusive husband of his - or anything else concerning his private life - and he was curious.
He brushed the white fur on John's chest, admiring the neat diamond-shaped form of it. "Very symmetrical," he observed. "You really are an exceptionally handsome dog."
Sherlock sighed. “I thought John could do with a bit of fresh air. We both could, truth be told. I figured he might enjoy leaving the city for a couple of hours and I could get some samples at the same time, so I suggested we go to Kew Gardens...”
There was something in John's expression but Sherlock had no idea what it was supposed to be, so he kept on talking. "The biggest and most obvious difference in our thinking patterns is your tendency to put value in your instincts and have your thoughts clouded by sentiment. It appears to me that these 'skin privileges' you mentioned last night are somehow related to that."
Despite that, no one had seen or smelled or otherwise sensed anything useful. Finding the culprit on CCTV was as pointless as their attempt on the Tube CCTV tapes had been. There was clearly no need for physical contact and they hadn't yet figured out the maximum range possible, so the killer could have been literally anywhere within the station, which made finding them even more difficult.
He shifted, fiddling with his cuff. "It was my primary alias while I was undercover," he admitted. "While I was gone my full name was Lars Sigerson but I dislike the thought of keeping it, so I changed the first name to William."
He tightened his grip around Sherlock and turned his face until his nose was pressed to the crook of Sherlock's neck and breathed, feeling the rapid beat of Sherlock's pulse against his lips. God, he could have lost this.
"Embezzlement," Mr James confirmed. "I can't be sure, for the files only showed a very small portion of the money movements within the company and I have not had a chance to look at any of the others. I was not the only accountant in the company by far and this was very subtly done, which I believe is why nobody ever noticed anything."
"I still haven't forgiven him for it," John told him. "But he's ... well. He had some strong arguments."
"Are you saying I haven't kept you busy enough?" John asked. "Shall I drag you back home and give you something to keep you sufficiently occupied?"
Sherlock didn't say a word for the rest of the walk to the dining hall, biting his lip to keep the traitorous words from spilling out. John didn't comment on his silence, perhaps thinking he was already in his mind palace and walking on autopilot. It wouldn't be the first time John was wrong about what Sherlock thought.
"That's not the only trouble with scars, though," John pointed out. "No one seeing those could think of you as anything but brave. But if the scars don't heal well, you might experience movement restrictions due to the skin tightness. Have you been putting anything on them?"
as if he might disappear. It was so far outside his experience, he didn’t even know how to feel about it beyond awed.
No, he felt like more, more himself than he had ever been before in his life because a year ago, he had not had Sherlock.
And he hurried out the door before John could remark upon this completely uncharacteristic display of excitement or question him on where he was going.
Instead, he had been weak, helpless against Sherlock's drunken advances as worry and arousal fought a fierce battle for his attention.
John wanted to scream but all that came out of his mouth was a panicked noise somewhere between a howl and a yelp and he shrank back, startled by the sound.
one way or the other!" John groaned again and dropped his head onto the table with a dull thud. That couldn't be comfortable. "Please, Sherlock, can we take a break from this? Just once? I'm desperate here."
Sally wonders how he feels about John getting engaged, but that's another thing she's never going to ask.
"Let's start, then," Sherlock said impatiently. "I want to get this over with as quickly as possible."
The door opened, admitting two men in expensive suits, and John wrinkled his nose as the metallic stench of Psy assaulted his senses.
John paused in his pacing. It hadn't even occurred to him to check and he felt a bit silly about it now. "But ... neither of them ever mentioned anything to me," he said. "Not in the days or weeks after, not even after you-" He broke off, still unable to say it, even with Sherlock sitting right there, alive and well and currently eating a third croissant, apparently without noticing. John wondered how long it had been since Sherlock had had a proper meal.
It was good. This life, this place. It did him good, kept him occupied and reasonably content, even granting him small moments of happiness.
"We don't know which wing yet," Lestrade told him. "We should really make identification badges a thing.
Sherlock looked mildly interested. "Does she indeed? Interesting. I suppose there had to be at least one even mildly perceptive person working here, otherwise the place would have gone under ages ago. Did she say what made her come to that conclusion?"
For a moment, he wondered what it would be like if Sherlock's long fingers... no. Best not to go down that road, not even in his mind. Dangerous things lay buried there, just waiting for him to approach, he knew that.
"It's fine," Sherlock said, shrugging. "The queue is moving quickly, at this pace we'll be inside in less than ten minutes."
By now, John was used to thoughtless exclamations like that, so he merely rolled his eyes and flopped down on his chair, resting his head on the armrest and watching as Sherlock finally took off his coat and scarf and hung them next to the door.
"They seemed appropriate," Sherlock said, shrugging. "I made absolutely sure there would be no chemicals anywhere near our drinks today and I've made Mycroft record every single second of it for posterity, from multiple angles, in high definition. His penchant for surveillance does come in handy at the oddest times."
For a moment, he thinks Sherlock is about to lean in and kiss him back but Sherlock merely pushes aside the cardboard and steps out into the deserted alley.
"Did he slip you his phone number again?" Amusement coloured John's voice - he clearly thought the entire thing was absolutely hilarious.
The wall of heat had vanished and he had fallen asleep again, but the memory of it - and the quiet words - still lingered in his mind.
"Ah, yes. Heaven forbid you get bored by having to solve a murder in less than a week," John grumbled. "Anyway, if you do solve it and we like the hotel, I think I might bring Mary here on a holiday sometime. She'd love it here."
"Ready?" John asked and there it was again, that devil-may-care smile of his. It went straight to Sherlock's groin.
"God I hope not," John gasped. "I've got some other ideas for what we could do but we sort of need to solve that pesky problem of getting past the other guests first."
Sherlock made a vaguely inquisitive noise as John flipped on the light again and reached for the night stand. "Give me your hand. No, the other one."
Underneath the smells of the forest and the smoke he had noticed earlier, there was Sherlock's own scent, a heady mix of leather, chemicals, the tea he had had for breakfast, and something that reminded John of the air just before a thunderstorm. It was utterly intoxicating. It smelled like home.
After all, as Sherlock had pointed out as they got in the cab, it wouldn't do for their friends at the Yard to figure out what was going on before they ever had a chance to lead them on.
After he has caught her drinking coffee at 9pm, Lestrade makes a point of shooing her home every night. The bastard also calls Mrs Hudson to make sure Sally has actually gone home rather than pretending to leave until he has gone and sneaking back into the office. Sally would be pissed if she wasn't so touched by his concern. She doesn't tell him that, of course, making a show of rolling her eyes and glaring at him instead. He grins knowingly anyway.
No, John had suspected, clearly. He had all but shouted it in his face on more than one occasion, after all, but clearly John had not expected that particular specification. Soldiers. He just couldn't help himself. There was something about men in uniform and a certain firm voice that pushed all his buttons. It was a blessing that John had never had occasion to put on his old uniform because Sherlock honestly feared he would lose all self-control at the sight.
"John" he finally got out and John made a noise that was truly indescribable before lunging for him.
Luckily, John was in a mood to oblige him, pulling his pants down in one smooth movement and baring him to his hungry gaze. Sherlock didn’t have the time or the chance to feel embarrassed about being so exposed, not with the way John was looking at him.
The morgue was cool and quiet by the time Sherlock deemed it safe to go there without walking into any members of Scotland Yard's finest. They had left the body on one of the metal tables in the middle of the room and Molly was already bent over a nearby desk, filling in paperwork. She glanced up when he entered.
"Yes, but I was pretending to be hiding from your wrath if you caught me. Our window goes out front, there is no chance of you seeing me smoking at the back of the building."
Sherlock grabbed a pen from somewhere and, to John's utter astonishment, signed swiftly. And then, still eerily wordless, he walked into his bedroom and closed the door behind himself just firmly enough to make it clear that he didn't intend to come back out.
"You're sure John hasn't shifted since Afghanistan?" she asked, forcing herself to tackle the problem at hand. She could be amazed later.
It was an unnecessary thing to say - they were still warm and Sherlock could smell them. It made his stomach clench and he tried to remember when he had last eaten. He thought he vaguely recalled a slice of toast but couldn't be sure when that had been or if anything had accompanied it.
After that, he crossed the office towards Lestrade. In the general chaos of his sudden transformation, he had hardly paid any attention to the man.
John hadn’t made a noise but Sherlock wasn’t stupid enough to assume his friend was asleep. He had wanted to go in, to comfort him somehow. He had never been good at this sort of thing but it was the thing that was done, yes? And he would do anything for John. Providing comfort could hardly be considered a hardship. He could always google ways to do it before applying himself to the task.
Sherlock shrugged. "For a while, I was. I think the conditioning held for about a year. After that, I started to pretend. It was easier, at times, and Mycroft had me reconditioned very carefully after I got off the drugs. Don't frown like that, it was the only thing he could have done. The reconditioning helped me overcome the addiction. So much of drug addiction is due to how a drug makes you feel. It's easier to resist when you don't feel anything at all."
"Get some rest," John murmurs, deciding to ignore him this time. "I'll text Lestrade that you're sick."
Eventually, hunger made John venture into the kitchen to see if they had anything other than stale bread and leftover dog biscuits. To his surprise, he found a pot of stew in the fridge.
He shook his head at himself. "I was so glad to have an excuse to see you again, to talk to you again. To let go of all the anger and the hurt and the fear. But I couldn't let go of it completely. And I kept using Mary like a shield. It wasn't fair to her. Wasn't fair to you, either, or to myself. And she kept pushing and pushing and I was reluctant to bring up the divorce because deep down, I knew I was glad for the excuse not to marry her. But she kept insisting and I had run out of reasons to push back. She was right, after all. It had been long enough. I was sick to my stomach when I went home earlier. The papers felt like a rock in my coat. I didn't want to go home. I didn't want to tell her."
John shrugged. "What, do you think I'm angry with him for stopping me from making the biggest mistake of my life? No, thank you. I want to know why and I could have done without the horror of those first couple of days." He made a face at the memory of the nightmares, the guilt and the pain. "But in the end, it worked out all right, yeah? Imagine if I had actually married her and found out about it afterwards. That would have been one hell of a mess. If she didn't get fed up with me and kill me at some point, divorcing her would have been a nightmare, what with her not even having a real name that we know of. This was ... cleaner, I suppose."
“Who is Bill and why was he murdered?” Sherlock asked, perking up. Perhaps there was a lead somewhere in there.
But what was there for him to do? The world had gone off its predetermined course about half an hour ago and now there was nothing left but the blood on their hands and a dead body on the floor.
"Oh, shut your mouth, young man," she admonished him. "Be a dear and get that tea, would you? I'm afraid my hands are a bit shaky right now. I don't want to spill anything. And try not to step on the biscuits on your way."
"Indeed. Let us return to the issue at hand." Mycroft gestured at John. "I agree with your estimation of the situation. We will, of course, require a suitable cover story for both John's absence and the sudden presence of a dog in your life."
John wanted to offer comfort, make a jape about the common idiots who didn't know brilliance when it stared them in the face, and couldn't.
So even without the Why, Sally already knows the How. And it's an impressive How, no less. To leave absolutely no trace behind, no scrap of evidence at all ... definitely a professional. Which means this was not their first kill. Which means there will be others out there, equally unsolved.
She didn't stop counting out cutlery for the guests, but by the way she inclined her head he knew she was listening.
John licked his lips and opened his mouth. "Wh-" He paused, cleared his throat, tried again. "What happened."
What Sherlock was interested in, was the entire rest of what was going on down there. Cloning was fascinating and might one day be relevant to the Work, but the chances of a scientific breakthrough in human cloning, coupled with the odds of said human clone growing up to become a criminal, were barely above zero. He doubted he would have to worry about any such thing for the next thirty years at least and by then he might well be either dead or no longer interested in crime-solving.
His voice was matter-of-fact, a statement rather than a question. His hand continued stroking up and down John's back and neck.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and decided to change the topic, acutely aware that John's hearing would quite likely allow him to pick up on their conversation.
She turned away, no doubt to hide her blush, and Sherlock wondered how much time Mycroft spent on keeping her safe. He frowned. Perhaps she could offer a different perspective on his unique problem.
"Tempting," Sherlock murmured to him. "But I do need to chase down a criminal, John. Even if it's not a serial killer."
"But who'd be the judge in that scenario?" Eliza asked, apparently getting drawn into the idea despite herself.
The meeting room was just as Sherlock remembered it from the few previous occasions he had used it and he leaned against the wall by the door as soon as John had stepped inside and pulled it closed. "Well?"
"It was all I could think of," Sherlock confessed. "Even as he was attacking me, all I could think of was you. And suddenly... I felt it, like an electric shock, like the snap of a rubber band around the wrist except it was around my soul." He frowned. "That doesn't make any sense."
It was bad enough that he had caved and been driven to having a wank like a horny teenager today, he would not make it any worse by wishing he could taste John, just once.
Once the door had clicked shut, John sighed and settled more comfortably into his chair. Sherlock hadn't moved since they had brought him in but he knew the antibiotics were doing their job and everything else was just a matter of his body finally getting some rest. He looked impossibly frail in that bed and a bit thinner than he had been even at the very start of their friendship. John looked at the sharp line of Sherlock's collarbone and decided to take him out for dinner as soon as he was up for it. Clearly the idiot needed feeding.
For many nights after the incident, Sherlock had tried to imagine what it would have been like. The hard, splintered wood shoving into his chest, breaking ribs and piercing his lung or perhaps even his heart, scraping past his spine and bursting out of his back.
"Okay," John said. "I'm going to finish drying off and then I'm going to get dressed. And then I'm coming back down and we can try this again. Deal?"
John gaped at him. "So it must have been hidden for some time then, yes? How is that even possible? Someone would have found it much sooner."
She reads reports well into the night, re-watches the footage a million times, creates a precise timeline of the night's events.
That had been about two minutes ago but Sherlock was still simply staring up at him, as if he were seeing a mirage and couldn't tear his gaze away. He hadn't said a word. John thought he had finally shocked the great Sherlock Holmes into speechlessness.
He turned his head, the standard question about having something on his face already lined up, and locked eyes with John.
Sherlock frowned. It was nothing he hadn't expected but all of it was just so boring, so painfully ordinary. Was it really possible that the only interesting thing the victim had ever done was get stabbed to death?
John grinned and patted his arm. "Looks like you're a human being after all, huh? I was starting to worry but it appears at least part of you is just a normal bloke with normal needs. Kinda reassuring, actually."
"Now tell me, are you experiencing any discomfort?" Sherlock demanded. "Nausea, dizziness, disorientation, confusion, tiredness, fever?"
"Your dog is very well behaved," she said absently, stroking John's head with one hand. "What did you say his name was?"
Even in the dim light, he could see Sherlock's already pale complexion pale further. "I don't understand."
She turned to him and there was another bullet hole in her chest, red blooming on the white of the wedding gown she had not been wearing a moment ago.
To be completely honest, when he had planned this peaceful holiday, getting ridiculously drunk with Sherlock had not even made it anywhere near his list of things to do, but John figured that everyone had a right to get drunk with their best mate at least once, so what the hell.
"Sherlock told me he had a look at them last night. Did you say you ran some formulas, Sherlock?" Lestrade asked.
"Lestrade," John clarified. "Called me and asked to meet with me after he left you in Mrs Hudson's care. He wanted to ask how much I knew about this marriage of yours, wanted some advice. Told me about your text and how he had found you and that you ...” He swallowed. “... that you loved your husband. And before I knew it, I told him the entire story. I honestly didn't have a single clue until he told me."
John had questions about that, about everything. The hows and whys were all clamouring to be blurted out. And most burning of all was the question
Of course. There was that. He had honestly forgotten, or allowed himself to forget, or at least pushed aside the thought, that John didn't love him, that John may appreciate him and like him and think him beautiful but still
A brisk walk of about forty-five minutes put them in the immediate vicinity of Harrison Forsythe's home in Barnsbury. Sherlock spent some time looking at the houses and the street, but seemed unable to find anything of interest because he did not linger nearly as long as John had seen him do on other occasions and soon proceeded to the house in question.
"It's not going to end well," Sally sighs. "Have you talked to Molly recently? She might know more."
And then he stops thinking as John's hands come up, mirroring Sherlock's own, and he lets his thumbs stroke along Sherlock's cheekbones like he can't believe Sherlock is real.
"Minimum consequences," Sally muses. "Was he trying to avoid the hangover or the inevitable loss of control when he got too drunk to continue pretending?"
He didn't know how much time had passed when they finally separated again but thought it could have been hours. Sherlock was breathing heavily and his eyes were hooded and dark, his heartbeat too fast for someone at rest.
Judd blinked at him. "They make an exception if you bring children along. My brother and I chose to risk being killed if it meant getting my nieces and nephew out of the Council's reach. As you can see, the wolves decided to keep us alive. I am now one of alpha Hawke's Lieutenants."
John didn't need to see the look on Sherlock's face to know what the answer would be. He folded away his newspaper and went to join him on the sofa, leaving a bit of room so Mrs Hudson could sit between them.
"What time is it?" John asked from the bed, sounding far more awake than he had when he asked the same question last night.
John laughed and kissed him again. "Don't worry, love. She'll be just fine. She's got Mrs Hudson and Molly as female role models and, dare I say it, even Sally Donovan, on the rare occasions that we see her. And if that isn't enough, she's also got your parents, right? Your mum must be over the moon."
The advantage of this position, of course, was that Sherlock could let his right hand rest on John, his fingers gently stroking through the soft fur. The physical contact was soothing, a closed loop of his hand on John's upper back and John's head on his thigh.
Nothing did, of course, and it was a relief to be able to feel frustrated with the lack of progress.
"I can't imagine it either," Sherlock admitted. "I spent weeks bracing myself for it, in between all the preparations. And it wasn't enough."
John did come along, but only made it to the front door before Mrs Hudson took notice of him. "And what's that now? A dog? Really, Sherlock, I'm not sure your flat is a suitable environment for any living being, including people, and you're bringing home a
"You said you needed to speak to the Ocelot pack!" Lestrade snapped. "What do you mean, this isn't about the case?"
That was about the time John recovered enough of his cognitive function to grab hold of Sherlock and return the kiss. They could both write it up as a spontaneous lack of judgement on both sides if they so desired, but right now all he really wanted was to figure out why they hadn't done this sooner and then - as he pulled Sherlock close enough to press his erection against his thigh and feel his flatmate's answering hardness against his belly - how quickly they could move this farther along.
Also, he would rather swallow his own tongue than say something like that out loud. And certainly not in these particular words.
Eliza nodded in agreement. "He went on and on about how he was going to propose to his girlfriend at the next possible opportunity. She'd gone to South Africa as an au-pair for three months. The poor girl must be devastated!"
"Morning," he mumbled and went to the kettle and then the fridge in his usual early-morning progression.
John grinned. "Flattered is good. You should be. You're very desirable. Anyway, these are the facts. I know you Psy like facts, so here are some for you: I want you, in whatever capacity you will have me. I will push and pull and invade your space and generally be an outrageous changeling male intent on seducing you. If you say 'No', I will respect that and leave you be. But you better be damn sure you're denying us both for the right reasons. And I don't need a reply now. Take your time, but don't expect me to pretend I never said anything."
"He did," John confirmed. "So did Mrs Hudson. And half of Scotland Yard seems to have been looking forward to seeing him today. I'm sorry to say I missed him but I hear he was exceptionally clever."
He couldn’t think around the shock and grief and the echo of an older grief, made fresh again by the suddenness, the unexpectedness of the loss.
John woke the moment the sun crept across the horizon and the first light of day made it into his room. He kept his eyes closed and listened for any sounds from downstairs, but Sherlock was still sleeping - if he concentrated, he could hear him breathing. Incredible.
The smell of disinfectant was overwhelming in the lab, burning in his nose and making him unable to smell anything else, which was terribly disorienting. He had never before relied on scent, but this new body came with instincts of its own and the lack of a proper sense of smell left him reeling and feeling insecure and afraid for no reason he could determine.
They made it to the event in good time and although Sherlock looked so good John had trouble keeping his eyes off of him, he managed to put on a convincing smile and chat with disgustingly rich strangers as they mixed with the other guests.
“Yes,” John breathed, tugging at Sherlock’s shoulder even as he realised they hadn’t looked each other in the eye even once since they had awoken like this. The room was certainly bright enough to see each other clearly.
"Yes," Sherlock breathed, wondering if agony was too kind a word to describe his current state. "I'm sorry I left you like that, John. I was not prepared for your anger over being made to grieve." He paused, licked his lips. "I did not expect you to grieve at all. I didn't know."
"He's a doctor," Sherlock said with a shrug. "You know, all the talk about lung cancer and so on and so forth." He took a defiant drag from his cigarette. John decided to berate him for that later. "What about you, then?"
He thought he saw something like realisation flash across Sherlock's features. "Oh," he said. "You don't know."
Lestrade reached out and patted his back. "Patience, John. We'll be laughing about this over pints soon enough, you'll see."
He could almost hear her shrug through the comm. "An anchor. They're sort of a physical fixed point for the PsyNet, or whatever. Can't take her out without destabilising the Net and endangering millions of Psy in her area. So they're letting her be. You know, for The Greater Good." He could definitely hear the capital letters.
Of course, the fact that he was in the company of a changeling at all was already quite damning but he had no doubt the Council already knew that the younger brother of one of their members lived in a rather unconventional flat-share. After taking out Moriarty, he hoped they had earned themselves some leeway.
The Yard would not take them up on it and they all knew it, but the offer had been made all the same.
John smiled, no doubt thinking back to the many moments there had been. "I think it finally sank in when I asked you if you really would have let me marry her and you said yes, because it was what I wanted. But you held me so tightly ... and I realised that you would have let me go because you wanted me to be happy and that was what you thought it took."
He whistled as he walked into their sitting room, leaving his Psy to recover from his surprise and deal with the carrots.
"Not from the nursery," Mycroft said. "My people are still busy trying to acquire the CCTV data from various surrounding buildings."
"I'm keeping you," John told him seriously. "I'm keeping you until you ask me to let you go and you'd better have a damn good reason to ask me to leave because I will put up a fight."
John swallowed and thought of Sherlock and forbidden touches. Yes, the Psy Council, the closest thing they had to a global government, would definitely see that as an outright act of rebellion. Yet another reason to keep this under the lid. He would have liked to discuss it with someone but he'd rather rip out his own tongue than put Sherlock in that kind of danger.
Sherlock decided he was allowed to be pleased with himself for having correctly deduced this. Clearly his experiment in touch was already yielding results.
The entire night had been slightly surreal. It had all seemed very logical last night when he had decided to simply invite himself into Sherlock's bed and Sherlock had latched on to the idea as if it was perfectly normal. And then it had made complete sense to curl up together as if the bed wasn't large enough for two adults to lie in it with a respectable distance between them.
Shaking his head as much as he could right now - not very well - Sherlock reached out with one hand, fumbled for John's hands and pressed them back onto his head firmly, making his fingers curl into his hair and tugging demonstratively.
All too soon they cleared the table and put the dishes in the sink to be done at some point in the future.
And then Sherlock pulls back, slowly, as if afraid John will drag him back down. He doesn't, letting his hand fall limply to the carpet.
"Not to fight," Sherlock murmurs, stepping up behind him and grasping John's hip. "The victim was shielding them."
"It will work in our favour here," he said instead. "So maybe tone down on your mentions of Mary while we're here, all right? You heard the receptionist, we already know there is one gay man in this hotel who loves to flirt, so we may have to expand our cover story just to keep him from getting in our way."
Sherlock inquired after his mental state by asking "Would you describe yourself as feeling-" and then listing a number of emotions with sufficient pauses in between for John to 'tick the box' to confirm.
"Must have been low gradient," Sherlock mused. "Either that or they had a pressing reason to be here at this time of day." He glanced around at the crowds of curious onlookers. "This is no place for a Psy, it's too crowded."
"That's because he is in a strange place," Sherlock explained impatiently. "My parents' house is his territory, of course he would not tolerate strangers there as well as he does in a different place. By now, I should think he considers Baker Street to be his territory as well, but since we frequently entertain visitors when clients show up at the flat, he is used to strangers coming and going there."
The corner of Sherlock's mouth twitched slightly upwards. "You would, wouldn't you? Luckily for me, that is not what I was about to say. While some people may find my personality off-putting, there are always those who are willing to overlook my personal shortcomings in favour of the rest of the package."
Wrapped in a neat bow is a box of chocolates. She frowns, and pulls it out. Her frown turns into a smile.
"Sherlock ..." John swallowed audibly. "You don't ... you don't really think that's what I think, do you?"
An army doctor with adrenalin cravings whom he seemed to get along with like a house on fire and who looked like he had been pulled out of the corner of Sherlock's mind he usually kept under lock and key.
It took a full ten minutes until he felt he could raise his head again and another seven before he managed to pull himself upright with the aid of the door knob.
Mrs Hudson sighs. "That boy. Well then, I'll let you get settled in and if you need anything, I'll be just upstairs. Please don't hesitate to ask. Or come visit me for a cuppa when you need a break."
He sighed. "You wanted a break. This is the only case I've got that sounds even remotely interesting and meets the criteria of giving you the break you want."
"Oh." Sherlock thought for a moment. "I don't know. Mycroft has his best scientists working on it, but they're currently preparing a number of test batches. Obviously I refuse to let them use John as a guinea pig for any half-cocked serums they managed to cook up since we left yesterday. Unless they can present us with a solution that is as free of risks as possible under the circumstances, they won't get within a five mile radius of him. It might take a couple of weeks. I'm sure we'll adapt."
“Go to bed,” Sherlock told him. “It’s late and you’re only going to strain your neck if you fall asleep here.”
"Almost time for breakfast," Sherlock informed him. He had been able to hear John's stomach rumble its disapproval for the past ten minutes and was surprised it had taken him that long to wake up.
"I guessed the smell might be a bit much," Sherlock told him. "I noticed you pressing your nose to my coat so I figured you might be trying to drown out one scent with another."
"Said I was in no position to make demands of him," John told her, sinking onto the sofa next to her. "I admit I could have gone about it differently. So I'll let him stew for a bit and in a day or two he'll sign them."
John hopped onto the seat next to Sherlock and put his head on his lap as soon as Sherlock had fastened his safety belt, mimicking their position on the long and hellish ride back home from Baskerville.
"Tell me what's happening." He probably had meant it to be an order but it sounded too worried to really be one.
Sherlock let out a gasp that morphed into a moan as John pulled himself up and his head brushed along the still prominent bulge in the detective's pants.
The mere idea of shifting here, in London, in the flat, made cold sweat break out across his body. He hadn't shifted in so long and he missed it with an intensity that ached but he just couldn't dare. Sherlock was in the flat and Mrs Hudson was just downstairs and there were so many people on the streets and he was lethal.
All he was permitted was to pay attention to John's footwork and his posture and his knowledge of the steps and that was absolutely it. He could do this. He had done so on numerous occasions at 221b. There was no reason why it wouldn't work now.
True to his word, Sherlock did seek out his homeless network. Many had moved to different boroughs, some had died, others had left town entirely. But a good number of them were still where they had been three years ago and some of the others he managed to hunt down again.
Dismissing the thought, Sherlock grabbed his laptop and charger and carried them back into the sitting room where John was still slumped across the table, looking for all the world like a man in desperate need of a holiday.
The sound of dozens of instruments hitting the floor and several glass vials and dishes shattering on the tiles added to the horrified shrieks of the scientists.
"Wouldn't you like to know?" He smiled and took a large step backwards. "If you ever decide to stop denying yourself, perhaps you'll find out."
"Perhaps we may successfully extract some of that chemical compound," Sherlock mused. "I know you have a procedure to follow but how quickly can you get to the stomach?"
She got up to make a fresh cup of tea and Sherlock distinctly heard her mutter “Men!” under her breath. Judging by the rough way she handled the kettle, he had made her angry somehow.
"For some bizarre reason, none come to mind," Sherlock murmured and now there was something else in those eyes, something that kindled and burned.
"Well, what are you going to do when another person dies?" she demanded. "Even two bodies do not make a pattern, every child could tell you that much."
He managed to twist onto his back underneath John and stared up at him with hooded eyes. “Unless you’re all talk and no action?”
Sherlock didn't waste another second. He had already flung out his telekinesis to form a protective bowl beneath the cub in case he fell while they still argued. Now, he carefully extended it farther, wrapping his power around the cub as carefully as he would handle an extremely unstable chemical. The cub made a startled sound and some of the adults shouted words of reassurance up to him.
"No need for profanity," Sherlock said. "We still narrowed down the suspect pool considerably, as I already said."
The corner of Sherlock's mouth turned up. "I went to bed hoping for one of those movie trope moments where we would just happen to wake up in each other's arms. Waking up with you on the other side of the bed was a huge let-down."
"I don't quite know, all right?" Sherlock snapped. "I believe it first occured to me when I saw you at the pool, but it took a while to figure out what it meant."
There was only so long he could delude himself and after Sherlock's little outburst tonight, there was no point in letting himself slide any farther down that particular rabbit hole.
"That's one way of looking at it, I guess," Lestrade said. "Obviously from a professional standpoint I really can't condone murder, but personally I have to say I'm glad it all worked out all right for you, John. Though I suppose I would have been happier if it had done so without someone dying."
Sally grins. "We could put up some mistle toe, distract Mary for a while and lure John into the flat alone."
"No, no that wasn't it," Emily laughed. "Sure, John will help anyone with a crazy idea. But that crazy? No, he must not have been able to help himself. We have a hard time saying no to skin privileges when they are being offered by someone we really
It was the truth but he mostly said it because he knew it was imperative to make the time they spent together sound as unromantic as possible. Mary clearly already suspected that he was a threat to her, it would not do to pour oil into the flames.
The cab dropped them off outside 221b at half past nine after they had spent a solid hour and a half moving at a snail's pace through what was ironically called 'traffic' and more aptly nicknamed 'a bloody nuisance'.
John stared at him, not sure whether he should be amused or annoyed. "What, you can't deduce that? How do you even know it's a cat?"
Sweden had never been on his list of holiday destinations. And yet in Sweden he was, dressed in a dark snow- and water-proof suit on top of thermal underwear, three pairs of socks in thick snow boots, his warmest trousers, a t-shirt and no less than two jumpers and a winter jacket, scarf, gloves and hat. He was still freezing cold and starting to worry about developing frostbite.
Sherlock allowed himself the indulgence of watching him sleep for a couple of minutes, committing the sight to memory. Who knew if he would ever get to see this again?
His expression turned a bit wistful. John wondered if he had purposefully left out their sleeping arrangements in his list.
Sally leaned through the gap between the driver's seat and passenger seat. She had unbuckled her seatbelt in direct disregard of traffic laws and police procedure on the grounds that even a crawling infant would be faster than the car they were currently in.
He had always wondered about Sherlock's parents. A mathematician didn't surprise him at all. He wondered what Sherlock's father was like. He must be quite fearsome, to be happily married to a brilliant woman and raise two equally brilliant sons with her. John wondered at his profession. Astrophysics? But no, Sherlock didn't know shit about the solar system. Perhaps a chemistry professor or something.
Sherlock frowned (mostly to hide his relief) and tilted his head. "You really believe what Mycroft said, don't you? I must say I'm disappointed. I thought I taught you not to take anything he says for granted. Even Mycroft doesn't know everything, regardless of his own beliefs on the subject."
Sherlock remembered John's wedding day precisely, recalled his own anxiety over it, the countdown in his head running ever closer to zero, to the final heartbreak.
He keeps the fingers of his right hand wrapped around Mrs Hudson's left one, gently cradling it, his eyes fixed on the opposite wall as he talks.
"So long as it doesn't give me a nosebleed anymore, I think I will be fine," Sherlock told him, smiling.
He and Sherlock had no trouble securing a four-seater with a table in an almost empty compartment, putting their bags onto the empty seats next to them to discourage anyone from joining them. John looked at Sherlock across the table, felt his knees nudge his own and couldn’t think of anything he would rather do than spend the next four hours staring at him.
As soon as he was gone, Sherlock resumed his angry pacing, muttering to himself about annoying older brothers sticking their nose where it didn't belong and getting on everyone's nerve in the process.
"He's been moping about the place ever since you left," Mrs Hudson announced from the doorway to her flat, watching John's bouncing, tail-wagging excitement with a knowing smile on her face. "I could barely get him interested in a James Bond rerun and you know how John likes his Bond films."
Much later, as he lies in bed, watching the sunlight crawl in through the window as Sherlock sleeps by his side, John can't help but remember that he was actually hoping for a normal, quiet Christmas this year. He turns his head to look at the gorgeous expanse of Sherlock's back and the unruly dark curls that really do feel as amazing as they look, and smiles to himself. He leans over, presses a soft kiss to one exposed shoulder.
"Never mind, dear," Mrs Hudson said before John could think of something else to throw. "He's just a grouch."
Sherlock, however, was taking perfectionism to a whole new level. He looked like he hadn't slept in a week, his hair was dishevelled from countless hours of running his hands through the curls and his usually pristine suit was wrinkled, suggesting he had been wearing it for at least two days in a row - something that never happened.
"That doesn't make any sense," Sherlock said, more to himself than to John. "There were no hints of anyone having a skin condition, Mrs Forsythe mentioned nothing about a rash or anything of the sort, and Molly hasn't dug up anything relating to one either. So what was the son doing with skin powder?"
He was just rinsing his mouth when the door to the bathroom was opened and Sherlock poked his head in. "Did you get lost in there?"
But even though his fingers had hovered an inch away from the door handle, he hadn’t managed to bring himself to actually press it down and face John’s grief.
Sherlock held her gaze through the camera. "Yes. It is the only option I have. I have broken Silence in the most obvious way. But the Protocol still has me in its grip. The dissonance is still present and will likely set in again very quickly. I also believe that my continued presence in the Net is a security risk for myself and everyone around me. I need to get out."
"I said nothing of the sort," Sherlock told him, trying to hold on to the calmness he had worked so hard to cultivate. "I merely accepted your apology and agreed neither of us was above reproach yesterday. It doesn't change the facts of what was said, though the tone it was said in left something to be desired."
"Tell me about it," Lestrade sighed. "It happened about an hour ago. Apparently our vic here was enjoying a leisurely stroll through the park when he suddenly collapsed."
Sherlock tilted his head. “An interesting choice. My life doesn’t seem to matter all that much to you if it gets in the way of your little plans. Still, I’ll consider it an acceptable choice.”
"Do you have one?" John actually looked intrigued. It made Sherlock wonder if he should revise his conclusion.
After five minutes he finally opened his eyes and glanced around the room. Everyone else was gone, no doubt having a coffee break in the kitchen down the hallway to let him sleep. And probably to give John and him a chance to talk if they chose to, he thought.
"I thought that was obvious," John said, reaching out to clutch both of Sherlock's hands in his own. "I realised I'll always choose you. Doesn't matter what the other option is. It's always going to be you. So if you think you can forgive me for being a blind, ignorant, scared, closeted fool..." He trailed off and shrugged.
He had a point there, so John decided not to waste any more time. He was itching to reach out, had been desperate to wrap Sherlock up in his arms for months now. The very thought of holding him close and breathing in his scent and maybe licking along his neck again just to see if he could ...
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, people are idiots. Nothing new there. Well, perhaps someone did feel inspired.”
Dark curls brushed against his cheek in what he could tell was supposed to be a nod. On the screen of Sherlock's datapad, John could just about make out the closing lines of the transcribed statement:
John raised his head and laughed. "Ha! You wish. But you're not getting out of this. I am going to do it right this time. But you're right." He nodded, waving a hand at the table. "Forget about the flowers and the tablecloths and the bloody napkins. There will be you and me and the people we care about and our vows."
"We tell people," Sherlock said. "If I come back, if ... if we do this ... I won't have you deny it any longer."
It was warm in there, too, and they gratefully shed their thick winter jackets and snow suits. John took a minute to spread out their snow-wet blankets in front of the (artificial, for reasons of health and safety) fireplace. It did its job of heating the room rather too well and Sherlock could see drops of sweat forming on John's forehead. He wanted to reach out and wipe them away. Perhaps sensing his gaze, John turned towards him, tilting his head in question.
He stared down at his hand, wondering at the difference another person's touch could make. Touching inanimate objects had never caused him to react like this and neither had dead bodies.
They had both been sitting by Sherlock's bedside in silence for the past twenty minutes, watching the steady rise and fall of his chest. The fever had already gone down from 42.1 to 41.9, much to John's relief, but the doctor's had been adamant about putting Sherlock on a course of antibiotics and running some tests just to be sure. Perhaps that was due to the brief conversation Mycroft had had with them upon his arrival at the hospital.
Lestrade looked pleased at the renewed invitation. Sherlock wasn't sure why he had extended it - perhaps he wasn't as ready to let go of this life as he had tried to make himself believe, after all.
His last conversation with John still lingered in his mind and he forced himself to stop thinking about it now as Mrs Hudson opened the door to her flat and pulled him right into her arms like a long-lost son, which he supposed he sort of was.
"I appreciate it." John stared back down at the USB drive in his hand. He was rather curious to see the pictures. Mary's death had overshadowed all his other memories from that morning and it would be nice to look back at it, even if he only did it to be glad he had gotten out of actually marrying her.
Sally wonders why every conversation they have inevitably returns to these two men. Perhaps she should just resign herself to her fate. She has been sucked into this life, quite against her will, and now here they all are, forced to deal with it. And tonight they're going to celebrate Christmas together. Her life really can't get any weirder.
Dressed in their lightest, most comfortable clothes, they sneaked out the back door, took the back alleys and hailed a cab on Marylebone.
Warmth erupts in his chest like a gentle volcano, the heat spilling up and up and up, rising up his neck and towards his face, unstoppable. Soon the explosion (all this sentiment) will be visible for miles and miles, making humans gape and point in amazement.
He hadn't touched Sherlock in a week. His hands itched with the need to reach out, his whole body swayed in the direction of his Psy whenever he was in the same room. And yet they didn't touch.
Emily smiled. "A valid excuse, but it's not why you're here. You care about him. And you are worried for his well-being. You carry his scent, Mr Holmes. There is no point in trying to downplay the importance of your relationship, not when speaking to us."
"Yeah, when's that going to be?" Lestrade asked, crossing his arms and giving Sherlock a pointed look.
Instead, they had spoken about cases and Sherlock's experiments and John's patients and Mrs Hudson's furious spring cleaning that had resulted in the eradication of Sherlock's favourite weeds in the back yard.
John nodded again. Placing a known scent you encountered in an unexpected place could be quite difficult, but now that he had a word for it, he was absolutely certain this was what he had smelled.
"A wedding ring. I want one. Titanium, just like yours, with the same date and everything. And I want you to put it on my finger when we renew our vows. We're married already. We can tell our friends we never got around to having a proper ceremony and just renew our vows and then have a private party afterwards. Anything you want. But I want a ring."
And, oh, the insecurity in his voice, that vulnerability in his eyes, cut through John like a knife.
Sherlock shook his head. "Of course not. They are reconditioned to strengthen their Silence. If that does not help, they are rehabilitated."
He knew the blatant claim spoke to John's tiger as much as the rest of him - he could feel John shiver in response and he heard it in the huskiness of his voice when he responded.
So they went over it again, watched the woman walk into the reception area of the nursery and lean forward to speak to the receptionist, a friendly smile on her lips. They watched as Rosie was brought out, just having woken from her after-lunch nap and tiredly rubbing her eyes. The woman lifted her into her arms, lips forming the words 'Say goodbye, Rosie' and Rosie mumbled something that according to the tearful receptionist's interview transcripts was "Bye" and waved. And then they were gone.
John nodded and allowed Sherlock to lead the way to the closest Sainsburys, mentally resigning himself to waiting outside. He wondered if Sherlock even knew how grocery shopping worked. Usually, the man would have bullied him into doing it or simply waited until Mrs Hudson went for the shops to ask her to bring along some things for them.
They looked at one another from across the room and Sherlock gave a half-smile. It looked sincere and that was enough to make John want to leap across the room and repeat his entire loss of control all over again. Psy did not smile.
He dropped down onto the carpet and peered under the bed, using that as his excuse to delay his reply as he fought not to throw up.
"He had the tape running," Sherlock said. "It's all on there, no one will be able to claim anything untoward happened in there."
John was the one expressing something so perhaps Sherlock should focus on possible meanings behind that touch.
For a moment, Sally thinks he looks tempted to say "Yes, mother" but in the end he merely rolls his eyes and gives in with a grumbled "Fine".
Sally nods. "Good. We're going to sort out the mess that these two," she nods towards the ceiling, "have put themselves in."
221b was boiling hot when they arrived but John still shivered as he stepped through the door and took off his tuxedo jacket.
He enjoyed their quiet evenings on the sofa, loved that John the dog trusted him enough to put his head in Sherlock's lap without any hesitation whatsoever. Now if only the real, human John would be equally accommodating, or at least let Sherlock ...
She's turning bright red and Sally laughs at her sputtering. "What? You can't tell me it isn't true."
He slammed the door on that thought, shoving it far away into the depths of his mind palace. He would not torture himself any further.
But last night ... he wasn’t quite sure why he had asked, though he had been meaning to for quite some time. Even on his wedding day, a small voice inside him had wondered if Sherlock would really let him do this. It was possible a part of him had even hoped Sherlock wouldn’t. Apparently, he would have.
Instead he just sat there, his mind spinning in endless circles as he tried to figure out what the hell he was supposed to do now. He was still sitting there when Lestrade came to collect him for the stag night.
John thought he might hyperventilate. He thought he might choke on the dust in here or all the words he wanted to say but somehow couldn't.
"Much like hair ties," Donovan mused. "I keep buying new ones because the ones I have keep disappearing."
“It’s not,” Sherlock said. “It wasn’t then and it isn’t now. But if I were given the same choice again, I wouldn’t change a thing.”
John did as he was told and walked gingerly into the bathroom, trying not to leave too much dirty water in his wake. The puddle had been deeper than he had initially thought; his thick fur had protected him from noticing it at the time and perhaps his distraction due to their attackers had also played some part in it but now there was no denying that he had soaked up mud and water like a sponge and all the shaking in the world wouldn't help him get it out.
Sherlock made sure his expression and tone were absolutely neutral as he replied. "We have a mutually beneficial working and living arrangement."
he had asked. Well, it had taken a bit longer than a week, in the end, but he had gotten it after all, hadn't he? Had Mycroft planned this all along? Hoped for it? A minder for Sherlock, someone legally obliged to stand by him?
"That ... is not helpful," John growled, reaching out as if to pull Sherlock up, then changed his mind. "Can you sit?"
His hand was large and warm, his fingers slotting easily between John's, and he didn't seem to notice he had done it. John knew he should probably let go but he couldn't bring himself to. At this point, he would do anything just to hold on to Sherlock even a little while longer.
Perhaps that was the worst part - this wall of silence that stood between them now, built from all the things Sherlock wanted to say, had planned to say, in many ways even needed to say, but couldn't. And for all of John's anger in the beginning, Sherlock was absolutely certain there were things John wasn't saying, either.
Sherlock looked puzzled. "I ... forgot." He blinked again, his gaze sliding to the side. "I actually didn't expect you to want me to share it with you."
Mycroft sighed. "As you wish." He turned to address John directly. "If you disagree with my brother, you are of course welcome to make your own preference known, John. I hope you know that it will be taken into consideration and that you will be suitably compensated for all the trouble this regrettable incident has already caused and is likely to cause you in the future."
"Oh, just give it to him," Sherlock sighed. "If he gets a stomach ache it'll be his own fault for being so greedy."
Another TK and a strong one at that - the Arrows would not have taken anyone below 9.5 on the Gradient. And yet this man, who had been trained to be a ruthless killer, a member of the most dangerous military squad their world had ever seen (or, rather, not seen) had left his entire life and his squad behind to defect from the Net along with his brother and nieces and nephew, according to his own words.
He could barely recall the last time anyone had touched him when he didn't have his gloves on. It must have been by accident. Or perhaps a punch to the face.
His phone pinged with a text alert, pulling him from his thoughts. He glanced at the screen and sighed.
Sherlock changed out of his tuxedo as soon as he arrived at home. He exchanged it for his usual suit, just in case he found himself wanting to go out again despite the lateness of the evening.
He allowed her to pull him into the kitchen and let himself be fed a late lunch and far too many home-made biscuits. Perhaps it had been coincidence, perhaps she had channelled her worry for Rosie into almost vicious baking, but she had a massive batch of fresh biscuits and shortbread at the ready and pressed a large tin of the same on him.
There was movement next to him that pulled him closer towards waking, increasing his awareness of his surroundings. Someone was there - someone warm and safe with sleep-loose limbs and hot breath ghosting across Sherlock's skin.
He blinked again, trying to get his vision to clear. Sherlock's face swam into focus. He looked unnaturally pale and his eyes were wide with fear. "John?"
Sherlock smiled, seemingly not at all perturbed by the fact that John had shoved his head underneath his arm to get a closer look.
John blinked at her. "You just said it yourself, though I wouldn't quite put it that way. We're letting people draw their conclusions and not correcting them. He's just trying to help them toward the wrong conclusion."
There was, of course, no way of testing that theory as long as he was in this canine form and once he got his real body back - if he got it back - he would lack the senses to literally sniff it out. And if he didn't get his body back ... well, it would be a moot point then, wouldn't it?
That John had had the nerve to tell him to just go and shag whomever he wanted! As if it was that easy. Perhaps it was for him? But Sherlock wasn't like that, couldn't even fathom how people just looked at random strangers and chose to take them to their bed, as easily as getting groceries.
Sherlock held on tight. He would stand here all day long if he had to, would stand here until the end of time if John needed him to. It didn’t matter that his t-shirt was getting wet with tears and who knew what else, it didn’t matter that John’s nose was pressing uncomfortably into his stomach. None of it really registered beyond the surface level of his awareness.
Her presence put a noticeable damper on the mood and Sherlock knew he wasn't alone in feeling that way. Whether she knew it or not, Mary wasn't merely intruding in his territory but also in a part of John's life that she wasn't supposed to venture into. From the stiff conversation and the long silences that followed, Sherlock could tell that John wasn't happy, which in turn made him feel rather better about the entire situation.
After a moment's hesitation, Sherlock's arms came up around him to return the hug, his hands sneaking carefully across John's back as if unsure of their welcome. John found he couldn't blame him. Not after everything that had happened between them.
John squeezed his eyes shut but it did nothing to stop the picture Sherlock was painting in his head with his voice alone, a vivid fantasy burning itself into his mind.
Sherlock shrugged. "I prefer to have some advance warning. Logically, when encountering a large wildcat in one's sitting room, anyone not used to changelings is going to be startled. Knowing what type of cat you are will help me distinguish you from a more dangerous predator who might be there for reasons other than a warm spot by the fire."
Sherlock nodded again, downed the rest of his tea and moved to curl up on the sofa, draping his blue dressing gown around his body and looking to all the world like a swooning Victorian heroine for the rest of the day while John tried not to hover around him.
"Your speech was lovely," Eliza told him, leaning her head against his shoulder. "Your cousin's on the other hand..."
Sherlock didn’t have to think back to answer the question. The scene kept replaying in his head over and over. “We burst into the room and there was Janine, standing about three steps away from the door, screaming her head off. The window at the far side of the room was open with the curtains billowing in the wind so it took us a moment to see what was wrong. When the wind died down and the curtains returned to their normal position, we saw Mary on the floor in front of the large mirror.”
It was just past noon when Sherlock decided it was time to pay a visit to the offices of Harrison Forsythe's company and question the employees. By then, John was ready to go out and see something new, so he happily collected his lead while Sherlock was still putting on his coat.
Sherlock growled and stood, crossing the sitting room to throw himself onto the sofa. "Of course I didn't sign them, Mycroft. Why on earth would I?"
In lieu of replying, Sherlock stepped closer until he was pressed against John's back and buried his face in John's nape. "No."
Sherlock cleared his throat. "As far as we can tell, Mary Morstan was the name of a stillborn little girl. She never really existed. If you are accused of murdering Mary Morstan, you may be able to use that in your defence. Can't get convicted for killing someone who doesn't technically exist, can you? I'd recommend finding a good lawyer."
Sherlock couldn't help but smile at that. "No, but we wouldn't have been able to publicly move forward, either. Not without suspicious comments and speculative looks wherever we went. People are simple creatures, John. They would have seen us together, just a little over two months after her death, and they would have wondered if we did do it after all."
She can't tell them everything, not while the case is still open, but she can tell them the important stuff. And she knows neither Molly nor Mrs Hudson would ever talk to the media about any of this.
"Yes, John. We've been over this. No one can see, my shields are secure, I am used to you touching me by now. What do you want to wait for?"
They continued as usual and to an outsider nothing had changed. They didn't touch in public. As far as a casual observer knew, they didn't touch at all.
"Never been more certain of anything," John assured him. "I promise you, Sherlock. I want this for us, for her, for you. Neither of us has any intention of leaving again, right?"
"I would have thought it was obvious," Sherlock said, not even bothering to look up. He was trying to stare John down, his grip on the towel unrelenting. "I'm trying to figure out for how long Johnny here can keep up a consistent pressure of his jaw. It might be useful in taking down a suspect and holding him in place until you lot arrive at the scene."
After a quick visit to the morgue, where Molly confirmed John's theory about the bull changeling's cause of death, they returned to the flat.
"Well then, John's sister has checked into rehab again and he has gone to Scotland to be close to her and offer his support," Sherlock suggested. "He will be gone for an indeterminable length of time and I will of course be getting regular texts and e-mails from him."
"I dare say," Lestrade muttered. "We were quite despairing of you two. Well, of Sherlock, mostly. Didn't know you were having any doubts, John, until you said so." He coughed. "Well, I'm glad it all seems to have worked out for you."
John, a blanket-wrapped burrito of laughing sunshine in a ratty t-shirt, notices. Of all the moments for him to be observant, this is the one he chooses.
John gave in and bent down. "My turn this time," he murmured and kissed his Psy. Softly, gently, the way Sherlock deserved to be kissed.
His chest ached at the thought and he could only imagine what it must be like for his friend. If the past week had shown anything, it was that Sherlock loved having John along on cases. He would take time to adjust and he clearly didn't like having to do so in the first place, no matter how pleased he may be about John's marriage as a whole.
Slowly, desperate to save himself from an undignified scramble, he pulled back, regret settling heavily in the vicinity of his stomach.
He didn’t know how he managed to slot himself closer, how he managed to curl around Sherlock and hold him that little bit tighter. “I’m so sorry.”
"Oh, it's Christmas! Four suicides and now a note! Mrs Hudson, I'm going out, there's no telling when I might return. John, don't wait up."
He pulled Sherlock close and held him, sinking back with his arms wrapped around him, the hard floor beneath his back be damned.
Sherlock frowned at her. "No, don't be silly. Johnny here is three years old, which means they got him a full two years before John and I met. Don't be preposterous." Turning toward Lestrade, he continued: "Can we get to work now or is me having a dog more important than another one of London's many inhabitants turning up dead?"
"Come on, let's have those showers you spoke of earlier and get ready for lunch," John said, pushing him towards the bathroom. "Go first, your hair takes ages."
Sherlock smiled sadly. “We are a product of our environment, John. We don’t have to let it define us but it takes a conscious effort to shake off these effects. I know why denial came so easily to you, I have always known. I won’t claim that it made it any easier to hear, but I knew it was born of deeply instilled internalised homophobia. Perhaps if Moriarty hadn’t ... if I hadn’t ... left ...” He broke off and tried again. “I thought we were onto something. I thought we had a chance. But then I had to leave and when I came back there was Mary. It made me wonder if what I thought I had seen was just wishful thinking.”
He tried to think of Mary, but picturing her smiling face, the love and trust in her eyes, only left a bitter taste in his mouth and made his stomach twist.
John yipped at her, gently head-butted her thigh in lieu of a goodbye, and made his way back upstairs to where Sherlock was already waiting, his hair still dripping wet.
He was reclining on the sofa, his dressing gown wrapped around him like a silk cocoon. Every limb of his seemed loose and relaxed and John wondered if this was what Sherlock used to look like, in the dark days of his drug addiction.
"No you don't," John agreed, smiling slightly. "It's hard to describe. You just ... you smell like you belong to me now."
The car pulls to a stop and the woman in front - Anthea - gets out and opens the back door for Sally, handing her the bag of groceries.
He didn't wonder about it for long. Sherlock barely waited until their visitor's steps had faded before whirling around the room like an over-excited juvenile.
Even from several feet away and around a corner, the pain in his voice sounded too real to be written off as good acting.
He stuffed the lead into one of his coat pockets, shoved his arms under John's unresisting body and unceremoniously lifted him up.
It was getting easier to admit to it now, though - to admit that the Silence Protocol had been slowly eating him up from the inside out, that it had begun to erode who he was. And then John had shown up in his life, a beacon of life and light, and Sherlock had finally found himself again, the person he knew he had always been supposed to be.
Something occurs to her, then. "I feel I should apologise for suspecting you," she says slowly, awkwardly. "You have been relieved of all suspicion, but I was justified for thinking you had something to do with all these crimes. I'm still sorry it went as far as it did, though."
He froze, hands on the fourth button from the top, and eyed the door warily. It occurred to him that he had forgotten to lock it.
John was under the kitchen table, sniffing the ground and chair legs, his tail swishing back and forth in a manner that Sherlock would have classified as absent-minded. It wasn't a fast movement similar to a full wag, rather a steady, lazy back-and-forth, the physical equivalent to the way one might hum under one's breath while completing a task.
John gave a hard tug and the towel slid out of Sherlock's grasp. John let out a triumphant bark and wagged his tail.
John nodded. "I hated the idea of a collar," he said. "I thought it would make it hard to breathe, would strangle me if I wore it, but instead it felt like I belonged to someone. Like I was yours. It was a reminder that I wasn't alone. When you took it off me at the lab, I was almost sad to see it go."
But clearly John was not having any of it. Not today, for some reason. It didn't really matter what the reason was because today was not the day Sherlock had wanted to do this.
“Come on,” he said, reaching out a hand to help pull John from his chair. “Let’s finish this list of suspects and send it off to Lestrade so he has something he can work with. You’ve edited out so many of the names in your blog, there’s no way he could use it for any reliable sort of reference for his investigation.”
He kept his attention on his coat, making a face as he plucked a particularly large dustmite off the fabric. "Disgusting."
Sherlock hung up. "They'll be here first thing tomorrow. Gosh I do enjoy people knowing my name. It makes everything run so smoothly. I didn't even have to deduce him over the phone."
The receptionist went pale and rapidly relayed the information over the phone. John could hear a female voice on the other end. A moment later, she hung up.
And then he caught John's eye. "No, thank you. I'm not at liberty to make these kinds of decisions."
"I have made him aware of the situation, yes," he conceded. "John knows there are ... adverse effects to being touched for me. He is trying to avoid triggering those but sometimes it cannot be helped."
"Got any plans for the rest of the evening?" John asked as they set out back towards their flat, silently agreeing that a walk in the fresh air would do them good.
Up to now, John had not thought that this was a problem Sherlock ever had to deal with, but apparently he had been wrong about that.
"You were shaking," Sherlock murmured. "Trembling all the way home. I wanted to kill everyone in that lab for what they had done to you."
Sherlock thought, unable to tear his eyes away from this woman who was so clearly Psy and yet so very different from any Psy he had ever met.
"We could still go for walks," John pointed out. "Regent's Park is exactly where we left it and if we're bored with it we can run after criminals instead."
"It's gone," Sherlock murmured. "Someone must have taken it off me at the hospital. And they didn't give it back or they lost it or someone took it and it's gone."
John had picked another picture that Mrs Hudson must have snuck in at some point out of the pile. It was him and Sherlock coming home from a walk. Sherlock was bright-eyed and John's tail a blur, indicating he had been wagging it too fast for the camera to capture. Sherlock was also looking at John with the softest smile on his face.
"Yes, Sir, but we've been working on resolving that issue," the man said. "There's a chance he isn't afflicted with vision impairments."
. It was only ever intended to work in case she got lost in the park or a shopping mall." He frowned at Mycroft. "I didn't want to be like my brother and trace her every step."
Hell, people would probably form a disorderly queue if Sherlock so much as hinted at wanting a shag.
Sherlock glared at him. “I don’t have the patience for your games today, Mycroft. You know what I’m talking about. The list of people who would have or consider themselves to have a legitimate reason to kill Mary Morstan looks painfully short and you’re right on top.”
John took it wordlessly. He looked like he very much wanted to say something and from the expression on his face Sherlock concluded he wanted to say it at top volume. But he stayed silent, probably because Rosie stirred a little, instantly capturing his full attention.
"I couldn't bear it," Sherlock told him, the look in his eyes intense. "I might have just about survived you getting married and never coming back, but if you walk away after this, I won't be able to."
John didn't move a muscle. Sherlock had told him to remember that he was a well-trained dog and well-trained dogs didn't listen to just anyone who happened to give them orders.
Even Sherlock flinched at the cutting tone of his voice and Lestrade made a face as if he had a toothache. “Nah, mate. I mean this in the best way possible: you’re a terrible actor. You clearly didn’t know anything about this. The idea is that if by some strange twist you weren’t the father, then whoever was might have motive.”
As they approached the glass doors, Sherlock caught sight of their reflection and tried to see them from an outsider's perspective. A tall, well-dressed man with a weird face and an attentive dog with shining fur, perked ears and every appearance of perfect happiness. The lead dangled between them, slack. There was plenty of room but the dog did not pull on his lead nor did he have to be dragged along, keeping perfect pace with his owner and staying at a close distance, indicative of trust.
The Psy nodded. "I am absolutely certain. When he first moved in, I asked him about his other form and he refused to answer. He merely said it would not be an issue. For a while, I thought he was latent or had lost the ability to shift due to trauma." He frowned. "Apparently, that can happen to a changeling."
"Ah. I see you finally trust your balance enough to attempt a three-legged walk," Sherlock observed. "Do you think you could manage longer distances like this?"
They fell into that old pattern easily, moving around each other in what Sherlock still thought of as 'their' kitchen as if it had been two days instead of more than two years since they had last lived here together. It was a bittersweet feeling and he noticed the exact moment John became aware of it, halfway through sitting down at what was now a table set for a late breakfast. John faltered and somehow got his foot tangled around one of the table legs, managing to all but fall onto his chair.
"I heard you," John said. "I was almost at the corner when Patrick came out and I snuck back to keep an eye out in case he turned out to be dangerous. I heard every word you said to him."
Sherlock snorted. "Your attempts at pantomime are pitiful at best, John. Though it is good to know you have retained enough of your personality and thought patterns to still feel the inclination to mother me. I really don't see the point, however. I don't feel very tired ... at all."
Turning the suggestion over in his mind, Sherlock looked at Mycroft. His brother shrugged. "If you consider your landlady trustworthy enough, I do not see how it could become a problem."
"Damn right you're going to rest," John told him. "I'm only letting you up from this sofa to get you into your bed and I won't hear any arguments about it either."
He rolled onto his back and John could feel one of Sherlock's hands sliding down between their bodies, intent on finishing what they had started.
He wrapped his arm around John to hold him close and brushed his lips across his temple, amazed that he was allowed such a thing now.
"The things you don't know about me could fill many books, Donovan. Here, hold this." He handed her the end of the lead.
He crouched down next to John, who sat up straight, his floppy ears slightly perked, and put his arm around him.
recall, I am the one who manhandled you all the way from the car, up the stairs, through the flat and into your bed last night." Sherlock glowered at him. "The ability to carry a grown man does not necessarily indicate the ability to throw the same man to the floor."
"I believe you have been invited to join us," Sherlock translated. "The news will be on in a minute."
John stared at Sherlock, tried to find any hints of a lie in his face or the tone of his voice, but all he saw was honesty and a mute resignation that suggested Sherlock didn’t really expect him to believe him. There was something else in his eyes, too, a shadow John didn’t want to know about, didn’t want to see. They already had so much darkness between them. Perhaps it was time to let in some light.
For a full three seconds, neither of them does anything. They just stand there, lips pressed together.
"Sometime in the early morning hours," Lestrade told him. "I've got some PCs canvassing the neighbourhood. Perhaps we'll find a witness."
Next to Sherlock, John had gone still and Sherlock realised rather belatedly that this was news to him as well.
"I shall have one of my people procure the necessary travelling documents," Mycroft agreed. "Which still leaves us with half the problem."
"Sorry," John muttered for what felt like the hundredth time as he accidentally stepped on Sherlock's foot.
He swallowed and John was forcibly reminded that it had only been a handful of minutes since he had discovered Sherlock on the floor by his chair. At first, he had been too dumbfounded by the sight of him to say anything and then Sherlock had started speaking and John, feeling every word like a blow, had thought Sherlock might need to get this off his chest. He wished he had interrupted him immediately. He wished he could get past his lingering fear long enough to say what he needed to.
"So the job is more important than our wedding? A wedding he has been planning for months?" she demanded, crossing her arms.
"Wait until I've had a good look around, then you can sniff anything you like," Sherlock told him. "Try to see if you can find that same smell you noticed in his parents' home."
Sherlock lingers by the door and watches John descend the stairs. He only returns to the kitchen when the front door closes downstairs and wordlessly picks up a towel to help with the dishes.
Sherlock didn't. He got out a plate, cut off two slices of bread and handed John the butter and ham.
He didn't know if that made sense - he was barely able to string words together at all now and the hand not clinging to John's hip like a lifeline was shoved down his own trousers and pants in a desperate bid for some relief.
"Oh, please call me Odetta," Mrs Holmes says, grasping Sally's hand. "It's so lovely to meet a colleague of our boy's, isn't it, Paul?"
Well, at least they were getting closer to his actual name. John decided to take that as a good sign. "Indeed we are," he confirmed. "I'm bringing you to bed, remember? God, you're smashed."
"Wha-?" John stared at him in apparent surprise. "Of course I want this wedding, Sherlock! The entire wedding is happening in the first place because I wanted it."
"I'm sure they won't mind the white lie. Let's say they are travelling or renovating the house. A dog would get in the way of either activity and your schedule does not allow for a pet. Therefore, the task of looking after their dog has fallen to me. Have Mummy call me when I'm at a crime scene or at the Yard to enquire after him and they'll swallow it easily enough."
And before John could say or do anything to stop him, Sherlock slid off to the side, twisting his wrist out of John's loose grip as he went, and escaped to his bedroom, not daring to look back. He only allowed himself to breathe after he had safely closed the door behind him.
He finished his shower, blow-dried and gelled his hair into submission and walked back into the room they shared in nothing but his pants to collect his clothes. It was worth it just for the gob-smacked look on John’s face. Pretending nothing was out of the ordinary, Sherlock got dressed and turned towards him expectantly.
John blinked, realising how the order might have sounded in the context of what had happened earlier. He shrugged it off. "Because you look dead on your feet. This is a hotel, Sherlock, guests are expected to relax. You look like you haven't slept in a week, probably because you haven't, so I'm ordering you to do so now. This bed is more than big enough for the two of us."
A second glance around the room showed that James Marquis was nowhere to be seen, which probably wasn't all that surprising, considering the circumstances.
It was hard to believe that he was really holding Sherlock Holmes in his arms, a Psy, on his express wish for John to do so. If anyone had told him a year ago that he would end up hugging a Psy, he would have laughed in their face and now here he was, doing just that and enjoying it immensely.
Sherlock made a face at him but struggled into a sitting position anyway and allowed the doctor to shine a light into his eyes and check his reflexes.
"Don't mention it," John said, folding the clothes carefully over his arm and grabbing Lestrade's shoes with his free hand. "Night, Greg."
There were a lot to choose from: forgotten or overlooked members of Moriarty’s network, disgruntled former clients who felt they hadn’t gotten what they had hired Sherlock for, family members of former clients who had gotten precisely what they deserved and enjoyed blaming the messenger, any and all of the countless criminals he and John had encountered over the years and most of whom were serving prison sentences because of them. Prison was a great place to find someone to do your dirty work for you, Sherlock knew. He had once gotten himself locked up for a case and had ended up causing a riot in the building. Not his best moment.
Sherlock shook his head. "He never much minded that. No he ... he wants to marry someone else." He turned his head to the wall, blinking rapidly. Lestrade felt a sudden, intense need to find that husband of his and shake some sense into him.
"That's me," Lestrade said, taking one step forward. "And this is Sergeant Donovan from the DarkStorm wing. You are WhiteSpot?"
If anyone else had looked at him like that, Sherlock would have placed the odds of his getting laid at 9/1 in favour. But this was John and caution was the order of the day.
John huffed and stayed where he was, watching the fork go back and forth between the plate and Sherlock's mouth.
He would lie here and he would wait until John was asleep and then he would ... he didn't know. He decided to think about that, an exercise in abstract thought before he could get up and do something stupid.
John was a loner, which made him a bit less dependent on companionship, but even he could not go for months without touching another person, be they human or changeling - or Psy.
The way he said it made it clear that he wasn't just talking about sex and John felt his throat close up. "You have me," he promised. "And I've got you."
He blinked. Was it? It might very well be. He had never actively told anyone, had he? His best man's speech had never seen the light of day, and thank god for small mercies. He had burned it the very day of the wedding, terrified that John might accidentally find it and learn too much.
"Yes," he found himself saying as the cab came to a stop outside St Bart's hospital. "I can't be distracted now. Very logical of you, John. Nothing really happened anyway."
Sherlock recalled his brother's words, weeks ago, asking him to hold on just a little longer. Clearly something was brewing in the world. He could make an estimated guess as to who was involved in these changes.
Sherlock shook himself, as if to dispel the thought. "France has been... good for me. It was just far away enough. But I couldn't let go, even then. Not completely. So I set up the video calls with Mrs Hudson and Rosie. I didn't want her to think I had abandoned her. I didn't ever want her to think that I didn't care. And I thought maybe, once she was old enough, she could tell you and maybe you would ... forgive me. But you didn't even call me. She was abducted and you didn't even try to contact me and that was really all I needed to know."
"Let me get this right," John said slowly. "You met me half an hour ago and you're offering me a job and a flatshare?"
He closed his eyes and dove into his mind, finding the cracks in his conditioning and fixing them as best he could. With every tear he repaired, the dissonance faded a little. He kept going until it was gone, then re-examined his psychic shields protecting him from others in the Net. They were all unblemished. To everyone else on the Net, his mind shone with the icy sheen of perfect Silence - just as it should.
"I can't believe you went out and got yourself a ring," he murmured. "And you had it engraved, too."
They did in fact manage not to jump each other’s bones, though it wasn’t for lack of flirting. By unspoken agreement, they had both decided to wait a bit longer. While it certainly felt as if months had passed, they had really only been exploring the idea of a relationship for little more than a week and that went entirely against the ‘take it slow’ course of action they had separately decided upon much earlier.
Sherlock stared at him, blinking rapidly, lips pressed tightly together. For a terrifying moment, John thought he was going to cry. Finally, he moved closer, raising his free hand out of the water to cup John's face. "Always, John." He swallowed and continued, voice rough. "You have to know ... you must know by now, that I do not consider life without you worth living. I want you with me, always, in whichever capacity you will allow."
"Mrs Hudson," Sally manages once the initial urge to start laughing hysterically has passed, "I think I just did something that was either really stupid or really really lucky."
"And make sure to find a lovely spot for the honeymoon," Henryk Walczak added. "My wife and I had our wedding trip here. We fell in love with the country and have returned here every year since."
Sherlock stood barefoot in the grass, watching the sunlight glint off the rippling waves less than two hundred feet away, and contemplated getting his gear to see how the hives were doing.
She eyed him carefully, clearly worried this was going to turn out badly for her, so he added: "I promise nothing you say will leave this room or end up on the Net."
And then he surged forward, crushing their mouths together with all the desperation of someone who wanted to say a whole lot of things and didn't have the faintest clue of where to start. He poured it all right into this kiss instead, kissing John and kissing him and kissing him some more until they were both breathless, their hearts thrumming in their chests, hands clutching each other close.
"Have you been behaving?" he asked John, who was sniffing at his coat with such interest it made Sherlock wonder what scents had gotten trapped in the fabric. If only he had a nose like that! The things he might be able to deduce then. Forget about perfumes, he would probably be able to pick each of them apart and list their ingredients in order of the amount included in the production process.
The worst thing, Sherlock thinks, is that he didn't even know he was standing in the rain until he was already drenched to the bone.
He nudged it again, a bit more insistently, and whined. Sherlock's fingers twitched but he stayed resolutely asleep, his breathing deep and even. The dull pounding sound John had heard the day before was audible again and John finally managed to place it. It was Sherlock's heart.
John thought he could live for the noises Sherlock made, surprised little sips of sound as John reached down to stroke his cock, a startled gasp that morphed into a moan when John's mouth closed around his left nipple. He could live off of this alone.
Sherlock didn't give John any chance to digest that. He merely stood and pulled on his coat. "Come on, we should go. I want to be there a bit early."
He wriggled his hands pointedly until Sherlock released them, then reached out to grab his face with both hands.
He shrugged. "It's the best you can get. We caught the killer and eliminated him. He will never hurt anyone again. My advise is to let it go. You won't get any more than that and it is considerably more than we could have hoped for."
The scent of disinfectant almost choked him as they entered St Bartholomew's hospital. It had been years since he had completed his medical training and the memory of the scent had faded from his mind.
And he pressed his mouth firmly to a specific part of Sherlock’s lower back, just at the waistband of his pants.
"Sorry," he mutters again, even as Sherlock snickers to himself, and tries to move off of him again.
Instead of giving any sort of verbal response, John turned and pressed his forehead to Sherlock's chest.
God, his voice, all warm and husky and at least one octave deeper than it usually was. John wanted to listen to Sherlock talking forever.
He stared at the man who had been his best friend, now sprawled in the chair and already asleep by all appearances. Three years had passed since they had last seen each other and John didn't like to remember that last meeting, that moment where his life had fallen apart all over again. He had been absolutely sure that Sherlock had cut all ties to his former life. A move to France was a rather clear statement, after all. And yet he had contrived to send Rosie a birthday present, had tried to keep her safe even while he was so far away.
First, however, he had thrown up another layer of shields around his mind. Keeping all of this out of the PsyNet was paramount. He didn't usually feed any information into the Net anyway, valuing his privacy too much to even participate in the basic gossip of the Net. He knew what was going on, of course, kept up to date with developments in business and Council affairs (as much as possible; they didn't precisely broadcast their doings) and otherwise tried to stay below the radar of others. It had been years since anyone had tried to break through his shields in search of information and Sherlock had since learned a lot of new tricks to keep curious minds out. Anyone trying to break through his shields these days was in for a nasty surprise or two.
That earned him a snort. "Ha. No, Mycroft would hate all the dirty work and the brute force. He uses those, too, don't get me wrong, but he prefers finding ways to elegantly and subtly make the law play into his hands rather than breaking it. It lacks elegance."
And now she was gone and he resolutely pushed all his mixed emotions about her as far down as they would go. Now was not the time to focus on himself.
John frowned. "Yes, it is. It was ridiculous from the moment I found out about this whole thing, Sherlock! Best friends don't just randomly marry each other for a lark!"
So Sally tells them everything. About Mycroft Holmes and her subsequent investigation, about how she found the necessary evidence (without going into details for the sake of the case) and how she arrested Mary this morning.
Something wet and warm dripped onto his shoulder and for a moment he thought Sherlock was crying - nothing seemed impossible just now.
John huffed a laugh, his own fingers having found Sherlock's stomach and continuing the work of unbuttoning his own shirt. "Why don't you deduce it? Or, you know, see for yourself?"
The crime scene was awash in blue and white lights, throwing strange shadows onto the outer wall of St Paul's Cathedral.
"I do," he assured her. "But I also want to salvage our friendship and if I make him sign these papers by force, it will all go up in flames. This is important to me, Mary."
Some minutes later, he could hear two pairs of footsteps approaching and just about managed to pull himself together before Sherlock and Patrick Wiltshire turned the corner. They both startled at the sight of him - or, in Sherlock's case, pretended to - and John forced a stern look on his face.
John could have told him the same thing. The male's scent was similar to Sherlock's - not the actual smell, just the notes to it. Mated to a changeling woman.
John allowed himself to plop down on the seat with another huff, taking a moment or two to sort his legs out and almost jumping out of his skin when the driver, who had been waiting by the side of the car, carefully lifted the end of his tail and moved it aside so he could close the door without it getting caught. Startled, John edged away from the door and closer to Sherlock - the only thing his mind registered as familiar and safe at the moment. When he lowered his head to rest on the seat, his nose was all but pressed to Sherlock's thigh and his breathing deepened instinctively.
He kept his thoughts to himself and crouched down next to Sherlock to examine the body at least superficially. "She looks just like the others."
She is as familiar with the details of the case now as she will ever be. Re-reading the files will give her nothing.
Sherlock blinks at him. "Wha-? No. God, no!" He looks horrified at the idea. "I'm not leaving again. Not ever."
Mrs Hudson squeezed his hand. "Well, he has always been incredibly stubborn, has our John. But I think you should tell him anyway."
"Good," Sherlock said. "I'll get you properly wet first and then work in the shampoo. Your face seems to have been spared, so we won't have to worry about getting any shampoo in your eyes. Let me know if there's a problem."
He waved away any and all protests and simply continued speaking. "Now, I know Sherlock has packed you some clothes but I'm afraid you'll have to wait until you are back at your temporary accommodations or at least in the car outside before you can change into them."
"That's enough for tonight," Mrs Hudson says, reminding them of her presence. "Sherlock, you need to lie down, you look dreadfully tired. When did you last get a proper night's sleep?"
"As if anyone would notice what I was wearing with you standing next to me," John muttered and plugged the USB drive in. The folder opened a moment later and he clicked through to the photographs, double-clicking on the first to open it.
“A good person,” he managed to get out before the silence could drag on too long. “The best and kindest man, John, always. You have a-a noble heart that won’t let you go wrong. It was not in your power to see her for what she was. You have nothing to feel guilty about.”
He tried to pull himself together. "I... I'm fine. Just..." He shook his head, wishing he had stopped after claiming he was fine. He didn't know how to finish the sentence that had tried to add itself to his response.
John nodded, then took another couple of steps into the kitchen. When Sherlock didn't move, he whined again.
"Less than half a minute coverage," Sherlock commented, shaking his head. "Finally there's a boring murder that suddenly becomes a very interesting murder and they hardly bother to mention it at all."
He lets her bully him into eating, lets her chat about anything she wants, lets himself be mothered in a dozen ways. One day, Sally arrives home to find Holmes wearing Mrs Hudson's spare apron, elbow-deep in flour, helping her bake Christmas cookies.
? It was moments like this where he wished he could open his mouth and simply say what was on his mind. Perhaps if he had done so months - no,
He moaned around the thick hot length in his mouth and felt John shiver in response. Both of John's hands had found their way into his curls by now and he gave a slight tug, causing Sherlock to moan again at the static that prickled down his spine.
Lestrade glanced at Donovan, who reluctantly pulled the file out of a large handbag. "Here you go. Knock yourself out."
"There has been another one," Sherlock told her. "They will bring the body here within the next minutes, I should think."
"John has become ... essential to my work," he said, choosing his words with care. "It is a difficult task for me to find anyone willing to enter into a flatshare with me, considering the life I lead and all the other drawbacks associated with me."
He thought it might be the most bizarre night he had ever spent with anyone and that included all the previous five months of living with Sherlock and hunting killers with him.
Sherlock's voice was shockingly gentle, far too kind and calm for John's liking. He never sounded like that. Something had to be extremely wrong for him to take on such a tone now. His distress only increased at the thought. Calm? How was he supposed to remain calm? Why wouldn't anyone explain what was going on?
"It is a beautiful place," Eliza agreed, smiling at her own husband. "Did you hear that? I knew we were right to come here."
"All right, what have you done?" he asked groggily, debating whether pulling the covers over his head and going back to sleep would suffice as an avoidance technique.
"Sigerson, Sigerson," the man muttered, flipping through a thick, leather-bound book. "Ah yes, here we are. Room number seven, just go up the stairs here to the second floor, it's the last room on the right."
"You mean something you don't know," John corrected him, sounding amused. "I obviously don't know anything but what you have told me, which by the way hasn't been much."
He didn't mention all the other things he had heard or smelled. They had just about managed to skirt the awkwardness and Sherlock was grateful that he didn't bring it up just now.
Shortly afterward some of the other guests arrived, including the Walczaks and the identical twin sisters whose names John didn't know yet. Sherlock probably did, so he resolved to ask him later. Better to know who he was dealing with. It wasn't as if he could chat them up - he wouldn't even know which of the two to go for, for one thing.
"Yes, John, I am well aware. My own mother is only allowed in the kitchen under strict supervision and is not allowed to carry out tasks that go beyond peeling potatoes. However, I do fully trust in your ability to find someone capable of cooking a decent meal in your long row of girlfriends."
"Pleased to meet you," John said, shaking his hand with that charming smile of his. "I hope we haven't been an inconvenience."
There was surprisingly little clutter in Sherlock's bedroom. Despite the way he frequently turned the sitting room and kitchen into hurricane disaster areas, he kept his own room rather neat. John found a stray sock half wedged under the dresser and a half-empty packet of tissues under a chair. There were no further cigarettes to be smelled anywhere, much to his relief. Perhaps he could find a way to open the night stand drawer and spirit them away without Sherlock noticing until it was too late.
The hotel room was one of those things John didn't even bother to question. It was Christmas and apparently this city had some sort of strange attraction to tourists during this time of year. They had been lucky to get any room at all. A double room was the least of their problems. After years of friendship and sharing a flat, he didn't care. He secretly rather liked it. If he was honest, he would much prefer to be there now, in fact. Alone in a room with Sherlock on Christmas Eve.
It was an understatement. He was absolutely certain that he had never seen anything as beautiful as John.
Lestrade nods. "Sure do. And the last thing we want is some deranged hit man finding out about your investigation."
"I really don't have the patience for your admonitions right now," he rasped, still refusing to move. If he stayed where he was, perhaps Mycroft would just give up.
John sighed. "I bet. Remember when he abducted me, the day after we met at St. Bart's? He asked if he might be expecting a happy announcement by the end of the week. Me calling to arrange our wedding must have been like Christmas coming early to him."
He stretched out on the worn carpet in front of the fireplace and put his head down between his paws, his eyes fixed on the two Psy.
He knew who it was long before their visitor entered their sitting room, and it didn't take the sound of the tip of an umbrella tap-tap-tapping on the floor to tell him who had come by.
"If you make the calls and have the train stopped and searched before it arrives, we can probably watch him piss himself," he told Lestrade. "Search his locker and check the desk - he's got a second phone glued to the underside and uses that to text his accomplices."
It was so obvious now, how tightly he had held himself together, how close he was to shattering into a million pieces. Sherlock wanted to step forward, to reach out, do something, anything, to hold John together. But he kept his feet firmly planted, pressed his shoulders to the wall with a bit more force than necessary, curled his twitching fingers into fists. He was not the person to comfort John anymore. John had made that very clear and Sherlock wasn't keen on a repetition.
The WhiteSpot den was a large red brick building on the other side of the park. Sherlock knew that the changeling packs in most of the world were hesitant to share the location of their homes but in London there was simply not enough space for the members of a pack to frequent a certain spot without being noticed. Everyone knew the StormClaw wing resided in the Tower of London - probably the most well-known location in the entire city. It wasn't hard to get information on any of the other packs, either. The treaties ensured that no outsiders would set foot in the immediate surroundings of another pack's den and warning signs kept humans at bay. If anyone was stupid enough to ignore them, they did so at their own peril. It was all very carefully arranged and hammering out the politics of it all had taken several decades and quite a bit of bloodshed.
