He kicks the fence suddenly with his foot, gruntin’ hard at the burst of pain in his toes. I flinch.
-The Bible verse Sherlock remembers from his mom is from Genesis chapter 1. The hymn is "Be Thou My Vision", an old Irish hymn translated by Eleanor Hull in 1912 and set to a tune in 1919. Depending on how fast you sing it, it could definitely hold a beat with proper CPR (although if Sherlock was using truly proper technique, he'd want to be singing 'staying alive' in his head to keep perfect time!)
Patrick’s voice: “It is those first few moments when you are in the snow that are the most critical. If you hesitate, if you wait too long to stabilize the patient, to get them back in the helicopter, hypothermia can set in. Even with just a broken bone, it is a race against the clock. You are racing against death.”
But it doesn’t matter now as Sherlock flies around gate number ten. John sees that Sherlock’s currently skiing in third place time, and John would have to be an idiot not to know that he’s doing it entirely on purpose. John hasn’t called him a drama queen more times than he can count for no reason. The way Sherlock likes to infuriatingly glide through a preliminary run with his eyes half-closed, and then storm in on the second run with guns blazing, skis trembling, the mountain practically
but also stroking, holding, grasping so roughly it’s making the sheets yank across Sherlock’s body, making him have to bite his tongue so he won’t cry out at the warm, thrusting pull.
If you're wondering exactly what Scotty Holmes looks like when he's catching a wave, look no further. Thanks SO much to Tumblr user barachiki for lending their photoshop skills with absolutely no context for why so many people were requesting that they make a surfing Sherlock photo. We are indebted to you!
“I’m right here,” he whispers. Sherlock’s wet eyes fly open and lock onto John’s face, wrecked and open with a hint of embarrassment burning in the vivid blue of his irises. John rubs his cheek and smiles. “Here I thought I was gonna be the one to lose it,” he says.
trans. Neither of us blame her a bit, and a part of me hopes that maybe her grandson did get a little something out of it. But the other part of me wants to grab a wand straight out of Harry Potter and go find that woman and erase her memory of the incident entirely.
If you only listen to one song for this entire fic, let it be this one. It's the reason this entire story started in the first place, and no other song (in my opinion) better captures the feel of the Vietnam War and its aftermath.
Except why the hell a fucking two-time Billabong Masters champion would ever want to boast about that makes absolutely zero sense. And so John’s careful contemplation of the water turns once again into churning anxiety, his eyes fighting with him to start glancing around frantically for the man who should be next to him.
But anyway, as I was saying, you was here visiting, and I guess as you was still a little mad at me until I ran out and hugged you in the driveway. I don’t need to remind you what I said to you there. I know you know.
He doesn’t understand why he never really wanted to win Gold before, but now that Sherlock Holmes is still Gold-less, he wants it desperately. More than breathing.
Greg watches Sherlock and John swerve around each other at top speed, their skis hiding their bodies in walls of spray. A whoop from John echoes through the trees, startling a golden eagle from a nearby branch. Greg follows its fluttering path up into the sky, squinting against the sun, until it disappears in the very clouds John had flown them through mere hours ago.
I remember driving out to the bottom of Bighorn two months after he died and pulling off the road into a little closed off grove of trees. I remember sittin’ there for hours holding a loaded pistol in my hand and hearin’ his harmonica in my head until the sun slipped down behind the trees, and I threw the bullets out into the brush and drove away fast as I could.
Sherlock can practically taste John’s embarrassment, swiftly followed by a punch of utter horror and shame when he realizes that he can’t even remember if he praised John half as much as this Maxine woman during their interview. Sherlock knows firsthand from the hours he’s spent beside Greg on interview couches how emotional, how intimate it could be to hear his dearest love praise his accomplishments in front of the world, even if Sherlock was pretending to hate it, and even if it was cloaked in the staid language of coach-and-skier.
I took her on a special trip to the sea three times. Just her and me surrounded by the seagulls and the waves.
So I clench my toes into the cool, velvet grains and feel the salt spray on my face, water rippling gently in the moonlight. And I think that maybe I’ll just lay here until sunrise. Lie back in the sand for what I know deep down will be last Visit. My last ever visit to Time. And my last ever visit to the sea. The last twelve hours of pain-free peace before I go back to the World and wait to die.
John’s throat feels hot and a bit sticky. He rubs the back of his neck, then reaches back further to rest his palm over the top of his back.
Sherlock relaxes beneath him once more, and John’s fingers resume their path along the lines of the tattoo. He feels like a completely new person in the wake of this admission. He also feels exactly the same.
Holmes, muttering: “I may have glanced through your wallet before you woke up one morning and memorized all of your personal information. . .”
When he finishes, he stares down at the phone for a moment in his hand, then slips it back into his jeans pocket. He turns the opposite direction and walks away to the empty hangar without looking back again at the peak.
Greg pants as he hovers over John’s body, and John’s hand lies frozen in his own, and the mattress doesn’t make a squeak.
Suddenly Sherlock feels panic churning low in his gut. Dread flashes through his mind – that despite what Lahela just said, if she walks away now Sherlock will never see her again. That he’ll lose everything that he thought he might have hesitantly just gained back. He takes two running steps forward in the sand.
How they’d walked back up to the house wrapped in each other’s arms, and Sherlock had calmly handed him a towel and an extra pair of boxers and nodded at the shower. How John had just covered his salt-dry hair in shampoo when the shower curtain had pulled gently open, and Sherlock had stepped confidently inside and wordlessly turned John around by the shoulders so that he could wash the soap from his hair, like it was something he did every evening without thought. And Sherlock had washed the salt and sand from every inch of his skin, and rambled in a smooth and steady voice that mixed with the splash of the shower spray all he knew about John’s competition tomorrow – the competitors and their weaknesses and his predictions for the weather and the swells.
He sees John’s body language tense as they approach, and his brain instantly supplies him with the reason why. Now everyone knows, can see with their own eyes, that John willingly spent time with Scotty Holmes. He’s probably afraid they’ll think he’s just a pushover, or an ass kissing fanboy, or a guy who thinks he’s too good for all of them now that he’s made pro.
“So my mom shows up late. Totally out of her mind already. I heard all this yelling and went over to see what the hell was going on, and my mom was standing by the food table calling the pastor’s wife a bitch because she copied her potato salad recipe. Then she picked up the bowl and threw it on the ground in the dirt. For some reason I remember that the only thing I was shocked at was that her bra strap was hanging down her arm. She was always dressed up so perfectly. I’d never seen her bra strap before.”
I don’t even realize the sun has gone down until I hear the coyotes start to howl through the passes. By the time I reach the edges of the ranch I’m finding my way by moonlight. My feet pick up speed when the house comes into view, like if I don’t get back to it fast enough it’ll all disappear in a mirage. I step up over one of the corral fences with the house still a hundred yards off, and I see the kitchen light flip on. Suddenly the back door slams open and I see Sherlock sprintin’ towards me fast as he can through the tall grass.
John Watson had held it in his hands. He’d squinted hard at his mother’s elegant scrawl and gazed at her radiant skin and looked up and formed the word “Sherlock” with his lips, fragile and warm and perfect in the still, salty air. And it had been the first time Sherlock had heard his real name since he was ten-years-old on an Arizona porch. And now he misses the sound of it so badly he’s tempted to whisper it to himself in the stale and empty air of his house, feeling younger and more alone than he ever has in his life. Feeling naked.
They’ll be talking about the fall, about rumors, about Sochi. That his coach’s twenty-year run of French dominance in the Super-G might be about to be tarnished by the turncoat Brit, the unwanted never-darling about to throw away the wasted coaching and guidance of the world’s most beloved skier. The man they all wish was about to fly down the mountainside for France instead, dazzling them all with his smile of perfect white teeth and his accent filled with pride when he accepts a fifth gold.
On the ice, Holmes suddenly points down into the crevasse. Ten feet ahead of him, Elsa sits and gives a single whine where the crack continues deeper under the thick layer of ice.
“Listen to me!” Greg calls to him, nearly tripping in the snow. He cups his palms around his mouth as he runs.
And Greg knows the exact reason why, without even having to be told. Because Sherlock’s only ever known John with a right leg that reaches barely halfway down his thigh. He’s only ever seen him with a knee made of metal, one with, eventually, a hidden skull and two sets of initials painted into the joint. He’s never seen John stand on two feet of muscle and bone.
And as Sherlock studies him, John realizes a few seconds too late that he might not want to hear Sherlock’s possible answers to his casual question. That Sherlock could continue staring sideways at him with his curls in a halo around his head, and then rattle off in his smooth, deep voice, “
John’s eyes crinkle just at the corners. “I know, Sherlock,” he whispers. “I know.” John’s eyes roam quickly over his body, taking in Sherlock’s still-damp thighs, and his soft penis, and the curls stuck to the sides of his neck with sweat. Then John nods his head at the shower behind him and turns back around to keep cooking, hands working open a bag of pasta.
Sherlock’s speed picks up for the fifth gate, propelling him down to the widest stretch of the course, the Downhill curves, and
John slows to a stop when they’re face to face and looks at Sherlock with so much emotion it would take Sherlock one hundred years to catalog it all – to parse out each enigma of John Watson’s barred soul and memorize the look on his face.
since I haven’t been able to stand in two days. But the horror of that, the pain of that, is forgotten in a blink. Somehow the thought of seeing her before her date fills me with emotion, like a memory I’ve always wanted to accomplish will be fulfilled.
I told him he could finish everything after our daughters came – that Gwen and Elinor could be there with him while he solved those cases. That it was time to push.
And as Sherlock’s hands make their way competently up the muscles of his back, kneading out the tense knots with the heels of his palms, it’s as if the pressure of Sherlock’s fingers pushes the words straight up into John’s mouth, humming behind his ribs, and John turns his head even more to the side and out of the pillow so he can clearly talk.
For one thing, it just seems medically impossible. So many years on T, and so many years using the IUD, and still, and still, and still. . .
John curses. Greg’s lips are on his again, fast and urgent, beating with a frantic, freeing rhythm John hasn’t truly felt with Greg since he was eighteen—that first time together in the hotel room, Greg sucking him off, swallowing him down, before shooting up to his feet and kissing John, letting him taste himself—
The paramedic on his knees pulls his hand back from the side of the patient’s neck. When he looks up, we see it’s Watson. He glances at his two teammates with a plain look on his face.
He makes his way back down the Paralympic Athletic Center hallway to the last destination on his list—the final confirmation meeting of his class and equipment. He’s still thinking about what Greg’s face had looked like across that dinner table when he casually opens the door to the small meeting room, takes a step inside, and is immediately greeted by the sound of a chair quickly scraping back across the floor.
He hums. “Wasn’t exactly a secret. I’m pretty sure the whole street heard what my dad was yelling that day.”
“Of course,” the guard beams at him, already moving toward the door. “Yes, yes we wouldn’t want to ruin your chances at Gold this year, would we?”
Sherlock levels Greg with an offended sneer. “Well, I don’t see you going all Captain Watson on him, if you think he should have acted differently.”
Sonya laughs, tucking her hair behind her ear, stepping even closer to John. To Greg’s right, the crowds are still waving flags through the air, pulsing with noise.
A roar eats away inside me with a blinding snarl. I’m on top of him before I even know how I got there, tackling him to the ground in a crash. He grunts underneath me. Yells. I roll over on top of him and pin him to the ground, wrenching the gun from his grasp. My body moves on automatic pilot. Motions that I only ever do now in my dreams flow out of my legs and arms like smooth honey. No hesitation.
. He simply doesn’t understand. They’re on a fucking beach in one of the most beautiful places on earth, getting paid money to fling themselves across the surface of the ocean and rip through the spray. But Johnny’s eyes look like they’re still facing down the barrel of a gun on a beach in Hanoi.
Sherlock Holmes bursts through the starting gate to oppressively silent air. Shocked and embarrassed and amazed that he’s just learned something brand new about himself even at a full twenty-eight, even at his final run of the Olympics, even in the middle of one last race.
Then, out of the haze of touch, a shock of freezing metal hits Sherlock’s chest. He flings open his eyes, and he sees Greg leaning over him, wearing Sherlock’s Gold, a wicked smile on his face.
I’m staring out the window so hard I imagine I can see each little piece of gravel move and shake in the prairie wind. I hear Alma behind me gettin’ the girls to finish supper. It feels like it’s been five minutes and five days since she’s been sitting at that same table tryin’ to get them to eat lunch.
He would never—under any circumstances, in front of any person, under any threat of bodily injury or death—ever admit it. But, Sherlock thinks to himself, as the crowd comes to a hush, and the flags unfurl, and the music starts with a fluttering of trumpets and booming percussion. . . the French national anthem has a certain
Sherlock audibly swallows in the heavy pause, and he suddenly looks very young, almost afraid. “John,” he says, in a deep, wavering voice. “John, you know that I . . . that I love—”
” Still remembers the terrifying, heart-stopping terror that induced him to grab the nearest pair of skis, fling them on his feet, and then hurl himself down the mountain thinking only
Sherlock takes a step closer so that they’re standing chest to chest and opens his mouth to reply when someone beats him to it.
Greg laughs. "You see now, that is not your fault. It is because I don't ever think I have said anyone is
“Do you think that I, of all people, would waste my breath lying to you?” Sherlock says. “Believe me. I would much rather be speaking with Greg about my own training, or criticizing your choices of breakfast food, or illuminating you both on the fact that I am clearly superior at giving head, but instead I’m telling you this. Now. What could I
Suddenly the night air feels twenty degrees cooler against my skin. The place on the other side of the fire from me looks extra black against the rest of the sky, as if when Scott stood up and walked away it left a permanent imprint of his back in the oxygen. I wonder if the sky in that there spot would feel warmer, softer against my cut up palm. My heart’s racin’ like I just run a race up the mountain, and I can feel the blood tingling through the tips of my fingers. I hear him hunker down on top of the blankets. Out the corner of my eye I see the deep brown shadow of his form stretched out across the canvas. I realize that when I was lyin’ bleeding to death in a muddy hole in a jungle clear across the world from where I was born and raised, and I knew that no living family would even be at my funeral, I didn’t feel as alone as I did right then sitting ten feet away from the cowboy goin’ to sleep inside that tent.
“I didn’t know,” Sherlock answers, a few minutes too late. “Is it bad that I . . . I feel that I’m supposed to skip my race, not sleep at all tonight, and run around everywhere to try and find him. I’m supposed to put everything aside just to track him down and beg him to return. Try and fix everything. Maybe that’s what he’s expecting me to do. But . . .”
Sherlock grins knowingly and squeezes John’s shoulders under his hands, his chest puffed up with pride. He leans forward towards John’s face, then hesitates. John watches fascinated as the thoughts play out across Sherlock’s eyes. Desire, then hesitation, then realization, then relief on the heels of joy. Sherlock sighs and leans the rest of the way in and plants a kiss on John’s forehead, lips soft and warm.
I shake my head, taking in a deep breath of the air, filling my lungs with the sea. I hold up my hand slowly, like he’ll bolt if I move too fast. “I couldn’t –” I step closer. “I couldn’t fade away without trying to find you,” I say. “I needed to tell you I’m sorry.”
I turn startled and see an object held out close in front of my face. My eyes focus and I realize it’s my glasses, lenses pristine and un-cracked from the fall. Hot embarrassment creeps up my neck as I take them from his long, white fingers. I wipe the lenses off quickly on my shirt and place them back on my face, fingers slightly shaking as I push up the rims on my nose. I don’t say anything, but he hums, curious.
he suddenly feels for his own race-day calm. The determination that used to settle over his own body like a suit of armor. The focus that was like nothing he’d experienced before or since, and the
John’s objectionable jumpers, and John’s little curly hairs behind his ear when he lets his regular haircut slide, and John’s tongue wetting his bottom lip, and John’s jaw when he shoots a gun. When he watches Greg ski.
“This was my favorite place,” he says quietly next to me. We stand shoulder to shoulder at the edge of the cliff, keeping the warm lighthouse at our backs. “I had a motorbike when I was studying at Cambridge,” he goes on. “Used to come out to the coast on my weekends and study here.”
And it’s not until he finishes his last spit of toothpaste and gargles his mouth that he realizes it’s oddly quiet in Greg’s room through the thin door. Far too quiet for the usual nighttime chat—which Sherlock expected tonight to largely revolve around practice runs and schedules and whether he’ll end up fucking walking in the fucking Opening Ceremony.
“I’m always grateful to have you with me,” John finally whispers, just when Greg reaches his side through the chaos, and John doesn’t have the time or place to think about why he’s suddenly grateful that they immediately walk through such a dense crowd of people that Greg can’t respond.
Greg smirks back at him as he continues to stutter over his replies to the well wishes, and John is inordinately grateful when someone starts blasting Earth Wind and Fire on a nearby boom box loud enough that anything more than a smile and nod becomes impossible. He feels like he’s been dropped onto a goddamn Hollywood film set, with a costume thrown on his body and a fake surfboard shoved under his arm and a director yelling “hey there, sonny, just walk down the beach and pretend you’re one of the boys!”
Cut back to Watson at the café. He twirls a set of keys in his hands, and we notice a motorbike parked off to the side behind him. He’s getting ready to leave, and subtly checks his watch.
Greg looks at her past the camera, then quickly blinks a tear out of his eye. He sniffs hard, then crosses his arms to shiver against the cold.
He has become nothing but a jumble of unexpected power, spectacle and noise, bursting to escape the tightly constrained confines of his underestimated body. He thinks he’ll never know silence again, never know stillness and peace and quiet, never know a moment without noisemakers and buzzers and blasting pop songs, without announcers booming stats from pummeling loudspeakers, and it’s the most gorgeous thing. The most breathtaking. Like each wave of applause has captured and replaced a ghostly vibration leftover from his shattering helicopter as it was ripped to fiery shreds. Like every cheer of his name has replaced the nightmarish loop of James Sholto’s desperate screams.
“—and you thought I was going to drive us off a cliff?” Sherlock pauses again to calm himself, trying to talk over the laugh overtaking his lips. “God, you’re adorable,” he says.
But I digress. You can skip over this part if you like, but I figure you should know. Maybe one day, when you’re as old as I am sitting here writing you this letter, waiting for your granddaddy to come back from milking the cows (it hurts his shoulder now, to lean over and do the work. He won’t let me help him, stubborn mule. I’m sure he’ll show you his bullet scar one day, too. I’ve kissed it many times, enough I have its intricacies memorized better than the land of our own ranch. He’ll show you one day, darling. But not yet. Not now). Maybe when you’re older you’ll be curious to know the guts it took your granddaddy to kiss me.
It churns in the moonlight beside us as we zoom down the seaside road, speeding towards the illuminated stretch of pier that I can just make out at the edges of the sand. Hintley still revs his engine behind us, gaining ground.
Briefly, he lifts a finger to touch the hint of metal chain peaking up above his collar. He stares off at the distant peak, and we cut to a zoomed-in shot of his face as the background music swells. His eyes are deep blue.
He tears his gaze away from the course long enough to give her a quick smile. “Ah, congratulations.”
It’s fucking embarrassing. John’s feet feel rooted to the pavement as he watches taxi after taxi pass by. He can’t bring himself to wave one down. If he does, then he’ll have to give an address, and he’ll have to let himself be driven clear across an unfamiliar island, and he’ll have to follow through with this absolutely insane, ridiculous, suicidal plan.
John hears a muffled “Aye, aye, Captain,” through the door before he steps under the warm spray, letting it wash the smell of sex from his skin. He takes a deep breath of the humid air to fill his lungs, trying to steady his racing heart.
“Sorry. I’m sorry,” John finally breathes. He doesn’t look up at them as he speaks, but stares across at the wall, shaking his head. “It’s just . . . it’s not . . . well, you know, it’s not you, either of you, it’s—”
As he walks, other athletes are also making their way along the base of the grandstands, squinting with their hands over their eyes into the morning sun hovering over the crowds. They’re meeting up with significant others to kiss over the railing, hugging their kids, waving at parents and friends all holding up posters or country flags in enthusiastic support.
It’s all his fault. His and his alone. After sending Sherlock that cowardly email with nothing more than a practice schedule and a complaint about his knee, he’d proceeded to spend the next two days accomplishing feats of pure, shameful stupidity. He’d turned his phone off just before dawn the morning after John’s win, grabbed his skis and a handful of tylenol, taped an ice pack to his knee under his ski pants, and then he’d driven one of the golf carts to the bunny hill behind the luge track.
“Sherlock fucking Holmes,” I breathe. My voice sounds brittle like glass. He blinks hard – he can’t believe I didn’t just call him Scott. His eyes roam over me in that way of his, readin’ everything I’ve done since we said “see you around” and opening me up page by page like a book. The dumb cowboy in me wants to call down to him “What do you see? What do you see?” like a little kid tryin’ to catch a glimpse of the Christmas parade through the crowd.
He shuts his eyes for a moment and takes a deep breath. He looks unbelievably annoyed. Then, suddenly, we hear a buzz, and his hand immediately goes to the pocket of his trousers. It appears he has just received a text. His fingers trace the outline of his mobile through the fabric. Somehow, without even pulling his phone out to read the text, his demeanor starts to relax.
“Well, that is the whole point,” the stranger huffs. But it doesn’t quite work. His voice is shaken. He whips a handkerchief from his pocket, black silk like the rest of his clothes, and wipes it quickly across my forehead before I can protest. “You’ll feel an ache there when you’re back in the World,” he says low. His mouth is turned down at the corner.
John tries to suck in enough oxygen to breathe. Sherlock looks up at him with pale, half-lidded eyes and pins him with his gaze, tongue curling under a fat drip of precome and sucking it into his mouth.
I catch his eyes flicker sideways to look at me, eyebrows up in surprise. Then it’s gone in a flash. He hums. “It’ll have to do, then,” he says, resigned.
Fade again to black, where a final line of text appears on the screen, just as the end credits music rises to a peak to conclude the show.
“Well, do what I pay you to do and be my coach for once. It’s clear I’ve let you slack off for far too long. Should I do it? Do you . . . do you want me to do it?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “No he didn’t. He just wanted to say he’d met me. A cool story to share at parties.”
I think of how it sounded like she was readin’ prepared words off a page. I think of my daddy showing me Earl in a ditch. I think of the way somebody could pick up a tire iron and hit you cross the face so hard you’d collapse and drown in your own blood.
My nurse leans down to brush off a stray speck of imaginary dust from my shoulder. She’s wearing normal clothes – a wonderful green fitted dress that brings out the red in her hair. She told me she bought it impulsively when she was out buying me this new suit as a surprise.
Sherlock’s mouth goes dry at the sheer rage, the vibrating, barely contained power radiating out from the fiercely controlled man in front of him. “Well what’s stopping you then? Your delicate sensibilities? Getting soft in your old age?”
We zoom in on his hand as it grips the pitch lever to slowly lower the chopper to land. He then reaches behind the pilot seat and pulls out a folded dark blue bag, which he hands to Patrick without a word after Patrick opens the door. They share a brief look, the last moment of which is caught by the camera, then Patrick is gone.
Interviewer: “I would really appreciate it, if you don’t mind. Just for a few moments. We’ve something to run by you.”
“I haven’t successfully completed any of my Work in two weeks,” he says. “Not since I Dispatched Hintley and Van Cleave.”
When Sherlock enters him, when he is irrevocably inside Greg Lestrade, there is a vast hush. A suspension of time.
Greg finally looks up at his face through the dim shadows, illuminated by the fluorescent lights seeping under the door from the shining hallway. Sherlock’s eyes glow in the dimness, like fresh snowflakes in the middle of the night.
“And the two of you must get along? You have an impressive record over the last four years. One of the best currently in the sport—”
I flip on the gun’s safety and hurl it away across the pavement, ears tingling as the metal clacks and pings against the ground. I hold his face sideways into the ground with my palms, grinding his cheek into the asphalt. I open my dry mouth to say something, then realize I have absolutely no idea what to say at all. No idea why I’ve just tackled this man to the pavement. No clue in hell why I just chased him. My body tenses up and I freeze, guilt churning hot and frantic in my chest.
Sherlock clenches his chest against a fresh burst of icy cold; the storm is rolling back in, and he can feel the lightning crackling in the tips of his fingers, shooting along the length of his frozen skis. The previous skier’s scores have just been announced, judging by the fresh wave of buzzing walkie-talkies behind him broadcasting the time. The numbers flash through Sherlock’s mind, but he doesn’t even register them—adds them to the list of thousands of course times he’s claimed to have forgotten over the years, but knows he’ll never really be able to forget.
Sherlock wishes this was one of those moments when John’s anger was a beautiful, electrifying thing, drawing him into the irresistible power, making him want to sink to his knees and open his mouth. But instead he feels like a chastened child for not doing his chores, and deep beneath the shame, there’s a resentment there. Steadily growing.
They both sprint, slipping on the slick snow, towards the distant red specks of the other men through the white haze of the storm.
He opens a new text to Greg, bites his lip, then thinks better of it and deletes. Greg goes to bed strictly at 10 p.m. during the Olympics, and, because Greg is a man of silly superstition and tradition and routine, Sherlock knows he hasn’t broken that rule even this time around. Texting him now would only earn Sherlock some horrible extra rep of something torturous in the training gym the next morning.
John practically snarls. “I’ll give them something to fucking laugh abou—oh. Oh, very fucking funny,” he says, his face beat red. Sherlock ducks the pillow thrown at his head, and it lands squarely in Greg’s face. John wipes a hand over his mouth, then massages the back of his neck. “Har har, yes, make fun of me all you want. Fuckers.”
She knows what I’m trying to ask. Her face brightens a bit, and I can’t figure out why. “Oh! Let’s see, he finished the prototype for Time about. . . well actually it was long before my time. Probably around thirty or forty years ago. But then he still toyed with it for a few decades until we made it an official option for anybody eleven years ago. Made it completely safe and ready to go. For people like you,” she adds.
. When he gets to walk with John as if they’re the only two people left on earth, laughing in the fresh snowfall with snowflakes clinging to their hair and cheeks.
I try to take a step back to breathe, and instead I sink to my knees on shaking legs. “You don’t understand,” I say again weakly. The earth feels hard and harsh under my legs. Begging me to pound my fists down into it to feel pain.
Slowly coming into focus as the camera pans, the face of a man looking off into the distance through the sunny hangar. He’s in his late forties, with a salt and pepper stubble beard, combed back silver hair, and deep blue eyes, surrounded by wrinkles from squinting over the snow. He licks his lips, and there’s a secret smile on his face. The sewn-on name patch reads “J. Watson.”
But then again, maybe by the time you read this, you’ll understand our language, too You’ll hear all I really said.
He felt the smile take over his face in a great burst, and a tear on his cheek mix in with the salty spray. The smile stayed on even as he eventually leaned back and let the sea foam swallow him up in the shallows. It threatened at the corners of his lips as he dragged the board back behind him to the shore, handing it back off to the group of soldiers lounging around in the sand with a quiet “thank you.” They looked into his eyes and nodded. They understood.
Sherlock reaches out to cup John’s cheek in his hand when he reaches him, and John lets himself drown in Sherlock’s eyes. They’re glittering. They look like the little glimpses of crystal ocean water that had peeked out at him through the thick and steaming jungle that day he’d run for his life with fresh blood wet on his palms – the promise of safety and silence and life.
Greg’s reply is immediate, and John’s chest aches again at the sudden mental image of Greg standing somewhere in the middle of the Olympics holding his phone in his palm, staring at it and waiting for it to ding . . .
Four children, ages five to fourteen, flood into the room, followed by a woman with long brown hair, who puts her hand on the top of his back. She speaks something into his ear which makes him laugh, and they share a brief kiss while a kid steals a grape from the table.
still ski? And wasn’t that what Sherlock had spent the last few years desperately trying to get John to believe anyway? Hadn’t Sherlock put this entire situation into motion with his own force of will?
His bones vibrate. His palms itch and clench with the longing to drape like velvet across the controls, the smooth gears under his fingertips, the roar of the air in his ears and down his throat. The searing blue of the sky.
And that’s precisely the moment when John glances up, catches sight of the timing screen, and pales.
He clears his throat and doesn’t let himself scan the half-full grandstands for silver hair, or a head of curls.
He picks up his board and straps it down on top of John’s on the roof of the station wagon, taking more time than necessary to try and calm the shaking in his hands.
Sherlock’s tongue on his neck sends a zip of fire down his spine. He rocks his hips down onto Sherlock’s body, rubs the tip of his erection through his shorts against his stomach. He needs more. Now. Desperately. Sherlock pants wet, hot breaths onto his shivering skin, and his moans echo out across the sea. Then Sherlock reaches around and grabs John’s ass firmly in both hands, pulling him forward hard and crushing John’s cock into his abs, and John feels himself explode in a white hot flame of want. He grips Sherlock by the shoulders and pushes him down into the sand with a grunt. Sherlock whimpers as John leans down and kisses him fiercely, groaning into his mouth and biting his full, wet lips between his teeth. Sherlock runs his hands down John’s back, grabs his hips hard and pulls, and John collapses down on top of Sherlock’s warm and writhing body. Their bare chests touch, pearled nipples brushing over sensitive skin. John shifts his weight up just an inch so that their erections align, and they both gasp out of the kiss and moan.
John pulls back reluctantly, still clinging to Sherlock’s shirt. “Come on. You’ll be late,” he says roughly. Then he kisses Sherlock’s cheek and steps aside to let him walk by, not missing the chance to slap his ass.
Sherlock’s eyes are the vastness of the sea. They stare straight through John’s skin into his soul, and his large hands come up to hold onto John’s forearms. Sherlock clears his throat, and the earth disappears.
He’s going to prove them all wrong—every single blubbering idiot who said his skiing career was ruined after he voluntarily dropped out from Sochi just three hours before the scheduled drug testing for “unspecified reasons.”
He knows the day can’t go on like this, surreal as it is to be sitting in a Jeep on a gorgeous Hawaiian island besides Hawaii’s greatest surfer. John sits up a bit and clears his throat. His mind whirrs for the right thing to say to try and make things right. “Look, I’m –”
Watson: “You know, just a few months ago, before you all came here, it was . . . it was so easy. I never even thought about it. We came here, and if Sherlock was working, we were. . . well, we were colleagues. We worked for the same team. We rescued people. We – we had a good laugh, even.”
John whips his head back towards Sherlock and gapes at him with wet and burning eyes. He can barely speak. “What did you do?” he whispers. Sherlock smiles at him like somehow John just hung the sun, then he leans forward and softly kisses his cheek. John’s too shocked to realize it’s the first time anyone’s seen them kiss. He doesn’t even flinch. Doesn’t move.
John rolls his eyes when he does, in fact, minorly shift his gaze to the right and finally catches sight of Greg, who’s standing waving his hands in the air from the front row of the grandstands two sections down.
I’m young – impossibly so. It’s outrageous that I’ve already done had a job that almost killed me. That I’ve already traveled clear across the opposite side of the world from the farm I grew up on and came back to find it empty. I’m only twenty-two.
Additionally, I'm well aware it is basically impossible to see *anything* from the bottom of a Super-G run except the last 100 feet or so of the course. These courses are massive, considering that skiers ski at over 75 miles per hour with huge, open turns for about 90 whole seconds before reaching the bottom. Your view of anything higher than the last gate or two would be obscured by trees, the turns of the course, and the mountain itself. However, just . . . . give me a little creative license here :) And thank god for drone cameras and HD screens.
“If anyone at this table says the words ‘Opening Ceremony’ one more time I am getting up and leaving.”
Sherlock sits up suddenly, then angles himself so that he’s facing John with their boards side by side. He grabs onto John’s knee hard as John stares back at him in disbelief. Sherlock’s face - his earnestness, his serious gaze, the flash of hurt deep in the back of his eyes. John realizes with a thud in his gut that he’s completely, one-hundred-percent fucking serious. He looks steadily into Sherlock’s eyes and runs a disbelieving hand through his own wet hair.
“Sherlock,” somebody whispers. John looks around shocked for the source of the voice, then realizes it had been him.
The answers slot into place in my mind. Thick and sluggish like molasses. Terrifying and filled with dread.
“Good Lord, John,” Alma whispers. Her hair is scrunched up on one side of her head. She tiptoes out the room and I can hear her fussin’ over Francine in the girls’ room, humming her a hymn. A sharp, black part of me wishes she were humming Water-Walking Jesus, except I know she don’t know that one ever since I asked her if we could sing it in the truck on the way to Alma Jr.’s christening at the chapel and she done looked over at me cross the front seat like I grew a second head.
We stand there for a long time, watchin’ the horses slowly roam through the tall grass, bending their long, steaming necks through the mist, and the early sun shining in their coats. Baker appears, slow, like it’s takin’ its sweet time to start the day. It rises through the fog, pressin’ up into the clouds and brilliant green. Haloed with gleaming white which pours its light down on through the rocky pass.
We slowly pan away to five members of the team crowded around plans for a new helicopter laid out on a table. Holmes is among them. After a moment, he looks up from the papers straight at the camera, as if he knew exactly where it was positioned, then tracks over to Watson. He seems to understand the interview is over.
“Oh, so I’ve just been dragged along for a taste of scenery, then, have I?” John says, with none of the usual humored exasperation he manages to keep during even his most tense spats with Sherlock.
John rubs the back of his neck. “Shit, I didn’t realize – we could take you out somewhere tonight? Or I’m not sure if we have anything to cook –”
John sighs, not answering. He thinks of something, anything to change the subject. Now that he’s gone and revealed himself he just needs it all to be over. He doesn’t want to sit there on the water and think of Sherlock’s face looking desperate and lost in his kitchen. Doesn’t want to think about how neither of them believe John will keep the promise he’d made in the heat of a frenzied kiss.
Briefly, he considers doing the normal thing. Knocking on the door, flashing his badge at the night guard sure to be present, and being let into John’s building in the approved, secure way. Greg would praise him for being sensible. John would be pleasantly surprised.
Patrick reaches out and gently takes Holmes’ hand. They whisper a handful of words to each other amidst the happy chaos. It is somehow the most emotional reaction of them all.
Alma smiles barely and nods, smoothing down the front of her dress with her hands. I hate seeing how exhausted she is. She looks to me and opens her mouth to say something when Sherlock leans forward and beats her to it.
The uncomfortable silence that follows his statement settles like a block of ice right in the middle of the beach. Apparently that explanation was too vanilla to make fun of. Everyone shuffles their feet for a beat before Greg clears his throat and steps in.
He takes a deep breath in through his nose and smells the salty air. His palms itch to get in the water. To get their grip on a freshly waxed board.
Terror sinks into Greg’s gut with a dull thud. Sherlock oozes confused wariness beside him. They both watch, perfectly still, as the HD screen transforms in a burst of snowflakes. Soft violins fade in through the studio sound system, then the rolling hum of gentle horns.
“You just told me thirty seconds ago that you don’t need jack shit from me, so I doubt I’ve already forgotten that that’s exactly what you
love?” he whispers, trailing his palm up Sherlock’s chest, the lines of muscle that are only there because Greg’s woken up every day for almost four years and followed Sherlock into the snow, calling out to him across the slopes.
He wants to walk closer and wait for them to be done, and chuckle to himself watching Sherlock pretend that he can’t understand the English questions because he’s somehow too French. But something about the two of them standing so tall and proud, side by side with the brilliant new Team France coats they received at their check-in draped over their shoulders for the camera, makes John stop in his tracks where he is and study the ground instead.
“I heard about you after you won that first time. Everyone was talking about it. It was in the papers,” she says, voice wistful like describing the plot of an old and favorite book. One with a very sad ending.
Watson sits back straight in his seat and folds his hands between his thighs. He bites the inside of one cheek, then rolls back his shoulders. He looks tense.
John closes his eyes and physically runs his hands over his body—his still heaving chest, and his burning thighs, and his prickling neck. He turns and gazes back down the training track towards the official Biathlon stadium far off in the distance, its grandstands and broadcasting screens glinting in the bright sun.
“Then you’d grab my hips so hard it hurt, and you’d push another finger in. You’d feel me stretching around you, sucking you inside so slowly.”
Other skiers rush past them for their own finishes, but neither John nor Kuznetsov blink. They both look on the verge of collapse. Surrounding them, other athletes drop to their backs in the snow, trying to recover.
John’s silently convincing himself that the ache he feels in his right knee isn’t real when a hushed breath of anticipation rolls across the crowd in a humming wave—one which could only signal the start of Sherlock’s run. The bleachers creak and groan as everyone leans forward to see.
I shift in my seat under my blanket and groan. My body is failing me from the inside out, and my vision is constantly greying at the edges. She hears me struggle and instantly reaches over to adjust the pillow at my back. My bones are crumbling.
It looks wrong to watch Holmes not leap into action, not dash out of the room. He stands too-frozen against the counter, taking an overly calm sip of tea.
Scott scoffs. “Aguirre got no right making us do this. I’m traveling back and forth four hours a day on the days I come back here for food, and when I’m up there I don’t sleep for shit spending all night chasin’ away coyotes and dodging early morning Forest Service checks.”
When John is ten steps away Sherlock can’t help himself. Suddenly the sight of John walking away from him towards the thronging beach feels too final – like an unforeseen goodbye. He feels frantic, desperate and shaken with the need to call him “John” one last time that day. He calls out to him, not caring how he must sound, and John looks back over his shoulder with a raised brow.
For some reason, a sudden look of pain flashes across Watson’s face. We wait, frozen, as he looks out over the bustling hangar, at odds with the way he sits off to the side hunched over his chair.
John follows Sherlock off to the side, cringing at himself for being afraid to even look down unless he lets Sherlock out of his sight. The three inches between their shoulders buzzes and thrums. It’s all John can think about. How if he just leaned slightly to the right, if he just shifted his weight in the sand, he could feel Sherlock Holmes’ warmth on his skin, a reminder that he’s here and alive and breathing. Not floating pale in the black deep with seaweed covering his face.
When John was ten years and four months old he shut off the radio during the final credits of Cisco Kid and stood up on his tiptoes to wash his cornflakes bowl in the sink. He checked that the screen door was shut tight and sucked a little toothpaste onto his tongue so his mom would think he brushed his teeth and climbed into his little couch bed dreaming of the salt that crested and fizzled in the white froth of the waves. Of the way his pale blue swimming shorts floated and swished around his legs in the soft, wet swells and crusted in the hot and heavy Long Beach sun.
, he’s been there countless times, and then, when the time came for him to finally get to be in Greg’s shoes, he did what? Zoned out and thought about rainbow colors for eight minutes, probably giving stifled and trite one-word answers, and didn’t even fully pay attention until John put himself in the spotlight and placed a hand on Sherlock’s knee, just to check on him. One chance, he’d had
He holds me there, hidden from view by his truck and my trailer, and I grip his hair hard in my fingers and choke out against his chest words I never even admitted to myself.
As he enters the kitchen, there is a bright smile across his face, and Sam slaps him on the back as Patrick gives him a warm nod.
“The underdog win of the year! Of the decade!” the woman declares. Then she seems to notice Sherlock standing there for the first time, and her eyes grow impossibly wider as she sucks in a dramatic breath. Behind her, her husband puts a steadying hand on her shoulder.
“John?” he says. It’s the second time he’s ever said my name. He stands frozen by the fire, eyes rakin’ over my body and hand, and I know he’s reading every damn thing that done happened to me over the last week in just a glance. It makes me wanna scream.
Watson’s knee bounces harder. He gets distracted watching one of the helicopters being pushed back into the hangar for maintenance checks.
“Don’t apologize,” he cuts off. He stops in his tracks and looks down at me, eyes fierce. “I’m not sorry for what happened. Are you really sorry?”
But when he turns back to the call, James starts talking before he can force his lips to form any words.
They stand there in silence, heartbeats synchronizing to the same even beat of the waves. John feels Sherlock press his lips into his hair, soft and warmed by the sun. Feels him breathe in the scent of him as Sherlock’s arms run slowly up and down his back, holding him close.
Late that night, in the swanky, discreet hotel suite Greg found for them in Seoul, Sherlock finishes toweling off from his searing hot shower, drops his towel in a wet puddle on the floor, then pauses, his ear to the door.
He's not quite sure what to do. The elation coursing through his body is so intense he barely knows how to contain it. Yet at the same time he has an overwhelming sense that he’s intruding – that his presence is somehow dampening the celebration still happening on the shore he was once the champion of while the next heat prepares near the starting line. The announcers have grabbed John and pulled him near a mic to congratulate him, and Sherlock can’t even hear John’s quick, one-word replies over the sound of the cheers still rolling through the crowd.
His mobile certainly believes he is a Gold medalist. Ever since sitting down for that interview with Sherlock, he’s received no less than twenty interview offers, three sponsorships from Paralympic gear companies, a request for a photo spread in an amputee magazine, and pleas from practically every LGBT media organization in Europe for another Sherlock Holmes and John Watson insider exclusive.
Sherlock gasps when John’s wet and parted lips touch his skin, kissing the top of his spine before slowly, carefully, dragging them down along one of the inked lines, following it across the muscles of Sherlock’s back and down towards his hips. John breathes out shakily and watches as goosebumps form over Sherlock’s back, shivering under his lips. John keeps tracing the lines up and back, following the flowing tentacles across his skin. He kisses them with his lips, licks and tastes them with his tongue, runs his nose along the smooth lines of muscle and breathes in the scent of him, salty and floral and warm.
Gerold’s voice, through the radio in German: “Fuck this storm. I leave Patrick with you – there’s a concussion call I need to go back for near the lifts.”
“My personal assistant,” Sherlock declares, just as John is opening his mouth to probably say something idiotic like, “
I sprint as fast as I can. Call out his name again. He’s flinging open the front door just as I hear a sound that makes me want to scream.
A giant black and white jellyfish radiates out from Scotty’s shoulder, its billowing, translucent tendrils winding their way across his spine as if his back is made of water. It looks like a crisp, clean photograph painted into Scotty’s smooth skin. John’s seen plenty of tattoos. The other sailors in the Navy had their arms practically covered in anchors and koi fish, pinup girls and American eagles. But he’s never, never seen anything like this. It’s beautiful. The ink looks poised to swim away at any moment, threatening to leap off Scotty’s back and disappear into the sea. John’s lost in it – eyes drowning in the swirls of translucent tentacles. He leaps back startled when Scotty chuckles softly from where he’s bent over before standing tall again.
Greg freezes, then runs a hand over his face and groans even as John throws back his head and laughs. The beautiful sound of it fills the room—a sound which has been ached for, longed for, missing for three impossible months.
He not-too-gently elbows Sherlock’s side as he moves to get around him, finally sticking out his hand to Sage with a tightly polite smile. “Sorry ‘bout my friend here,” John says with a dramatically exasperated roll of his eyes. “He’s a French skier—his English isn’t so great. I think he just really wanted to confirm where this sick party is taking place. Oh, and I’m John, by the way.”
John’s back is shaking, and his face is buried deep into Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock holds him tight against himself, breathing in the sunlight from his hair, cupping the back of his neck in his palm. They are the only two souls in Waimea Bay.
“You know I . . .” John starts, then he stops and takes a deep breath. He holds on weakly to Greg’s neck. “Greg, you know that it isn’t . . . that it doesn’t have anything to do with you. I don’t . . . It isn’t about—”
She looks quickly back and forth making sure other nurses aren’t near. We aren’t supposed to know their names – I know because they told me that on my first day here, a little insignificant line in the midst of hours of new information, as if that wasn’t anything out of the ordinary at all.
He can’t tell them how he lay in bed in the lodge that night, memorizing every word of that infamous news article, every pixel of every high-definition photo, and how he’d quickly turned off his phone when Greg stepped out of the bathroom and crawled into their bed, pulling Sherlock into his arms with a warm sigh.
The stewardess leans her elbow against the empty seat in front of him and relaxes the slope of her shoulders.
Patrick grunts agreement as he continues to thrust the long rod down into the seemingly impenetrable snow.
“Ah, that’s a beauty!” Maxine cries, just as Sherlock easily squats over the finish to secure his time, and the crowd erupts in a cheer so loud it’s like they don’t even realize Sherlock Holmes just skied at only 60% of his full potential.
Greg imagines that the entire medical center was probably filled then with booms of echoing, angry French for who knows how long. He wonders how many social media sites are currently plastered with the rumors that Super-Greg was heard yelling at his skier mere minutes after his skier fell on an innocent gate. The thought makes him feel stripped naked, his skin flushed.
John steps to the side of wool-coat-mountain just in time to see Sage-USA-BigAir’s eyes frown in confusion. The kid stares up at Sherlock, who stands nearly a foot taller than him. “Say what? Who are you?”
He would pray, then, to whatever deity had been away from their post the day he crashed—pray even through the echoing roar of the engine fuel overwhelming the sky, his own lungs screamed hoarse, the ear-shattering thwack of splintering metal.
Something in me clenches tight. Something I can’t quite recognize. I stop myself from blurtin’ out that that’s the saddest thing I ever heard, and instead say, “Come on, now, don’t swear in front of the kid –”
“Don’t understand what?” he interrupts, voice desperate. He turns towards me, and his eyes are blazing. He drops the blanket from his shoulders into the sand, and the hurt rolls off his body so thickly I think I’ll drown. Gone is the hopeful little smile on his lips.
“Well,” Sherlock says, “it is a course. And it is on a slope. And it has spaced gates on it and snow. Somebody will by-design earn a Gold medal on it. So it appears to be a good Gold medal course.”
My face burns, and I shake my head no. I don’t even remember the fall, or the landing. Just the feeling of the smooth wood railing under my hand, then the sound of an exploding bomb crackling through the silence with a scream.
He has to stop and catch his breath. That might be gone. His place in that flat, that bed. His reason to walk down Baker St. in the off-season and open that door. All gone.
Greg sighs, then leans down over the bed to grab the nearest article of clothing. He rises up onto his knees, wincing as he tries to catch his breath, then gently wipes off John’s skin, everywhere but his right leg. He takes much less time cleaning off his own stomach and thighs.
,” Greg sighs. He hates himself for glancing quickly to John, wondering whether he just understood. John blinks back wet eyes and nods.
A headache starts to build between his eyes. He watched Sherlock’s prelims all alone just fine, without even a second thought. He can do it again without falling apart. He’ll just sit in the ADA seating like he did before, as close to the front as possible, and catch Sherlock’s attention after the first round.
The embrace lasts less than five seconds. Just short enough to be two surfing buddies, champions of the Billabong congratulating each other in the sand. John sucks in a deep breath when he pulls back, like he’s breathing for the first time all day. His eyes are shining and clear, and Sherlock nearly gasps. The darkness lurking in the corners of John’s eyes is gone. Eradicated completely and replaced by a warm, glowing pride - a sense of security that washes over Sherlock more thoroughly than the waves that just crashed over every inch of his skin.
“No,” Greg says, shocked at his own daring, that he isn’t already halfway back to the cart, keys in hand, just to keep Sherlock and John happy and conflict-free. He takes in their dual looks of surprise and stands up even straighter, refusing to feel self-conscious about his knee or his stomach or his hair or anything else that doesn’t really matter. “No,” he says again, his voice clear and ringing. “There is not nothing to be talking about. I have not spent this past week feeling like . . . feeling like we are not . . . only to be afraid now of the arguing. You feel like we might fight if we talk? Fine. Let us fight. I would rather fight than silence. And if we are going to fight, it will be all of us. All three. Not just the two of you.”
“Right,” he mutters. He catches the clothes Sherlock tosses him, the ones that are actually his. The reason behind why he’s had to borrow Sherlock’s clothes for days suddenly slaps him in the face. “Shit, I wonder if the hotel even kept my stuff. It’s been three days. . . I didn’t even think about it.”
A woman’s voice, off-screen, as Greg prepares the chopper to land on a patch of open snow near a crowded ski lift: “I always feel better when I know Greg is on a mission with John – when their shifts align.”
The air changes. He glances towards me with parted lips, breath fogging in the moonlight. I look back at him and feel electricity shoot down my legs. Makes me want to leap up into the air and kick and yell something stupid like “Yes! I’m alive! So are you!”
I feel as if I’ve used up all the oxygen in the tiny post office just standing there reading the postcard in my hands. I slam the postcard down on the nearest table to stop people from seeing my hand shaking. With tunnel vision I pick up a blank card and copy the return address to send a reply.
Then he does something far more horrible than anything. He tries to lighten the mood. “Actually, how did you manage to avoid him? You know he has trackers on our phones. Secret spy shit. I’m shocked he didn’t find you in seconds.”
He freezes. John doesn’t see his bedside clock. Instead he sees a sleeping face just inches from his, dusting of freckles clear and vivid in the pale, grey air, half-covered by a mop of frizzy curls. The memory of the last few days crashes down on him with the slapping force of a crisp, thick wave. He stares dumbfounded at Sherlock’s sleeping form beside him, stretched out on his stomach with one arm curled up over his head and the other one lying gently in the small space between their bodies, tattoo rising and falling with the pulse of his breathing, sheet bunched in a tangle around his waist.
Despite achieving his dreams out on the waves just twenty-four hours ago, John already feels maudlin. He thinks back to those times on the Navy ship in between missions, playing cards late into the night in a cloud of cigarette smoke, on shore leave in Ha Long in a seedy bar with Christmas lights hanging from the ceiling and warm beers covering the rickety wooden table. It’s a hard thing to realize about himself, and he recoils from the thought like he always does. Hard to know he only ever really gets close to people if the threat of death is hanging over his shoulder. And here, now, on this sunny Long Beach dock with four-hundred and seventy-two accident-free workdays in a row, and counting, he grimaces and shakes his head against the unwanted thought that he wishes he was back in a camouflage dinghy motorboat hovering off an exploding jungle coast, surrounded by bright freckled faces with adventure and fear in their eyes, smears of blood and mud on their cheeks, looking over at John like he’s been their best friend since the womb, knowing that one of them will be dead by nightfall.
“I’ll be there,” Sherlock says to him, voice steady and low. He wills his body to remain still, trying to pour assurance out of every inch of his own nervous, shaking limbs. John’s answering smile is more beautiful than the entire blooming mountain at his back.  It’s the same smile he’d given Sherlock on the beach just after telling him about the war, only this time Sherlock doesn’t feel the need to look away.
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say. John is acting the complete opposite from what he’d expected. All day – since the moment John had caught that first major wave against O’Brien and proved that he could win this - Sherlock had been waiting for a laughing, cheerful drive home, breathless smiles and kissing in every corner of his house and letting John throw him down onto the mattress and take him.
“Good God, you know that’s not what I mean. But going to find John at least gave me two minutes of precious silence without having to stand there and watch the entire world bow down at your feet.”
“I just went out there to test the current,” Sherlock says. “Rumor going around of a riptide flowing southeast right after the breaking point, but that’s total bullshit. Florence and Trent have heard about it, though, and they’ll stay clear to avoid it. Use this. Hang back farther out than you normally would and wait for the largest swells that break first. You’ll be able to catch them while they’ll just have to dolphin dive under. You’ll have to surf your ass off on them, and don’t wipe out underneath one of those, but if you can hold it down you’ve got this round in the bag. Move on to the finals.”
Sherlock notices, too, when I glance back at him. We both of us never talked about what the hell we were gonna do if Kurt somehow took one look at us and figured out we weren’t just ranchin’ friends.
Camera cuts to a man striding down the main walkway into the hangar in slow motion. Dubstep music blares. He brushes fallen snow from one of the sleeves of his light grey suit jacket before adjusting his sunglasses on his nose. His leather messenger bag sways behind him as he walks, and a breeze blows styled dark brown curls back from his face.
Suddenly, out of nowhere, an odd spasm moves across Watson’s face. He breathes harshly out his nose, and his hands clench into fists between his legs. His brief composure from before is gone.
Cut away from Patrick, still chuckling, to Sam sitting in the pilot seat out in the snow, waiting for them to bring the patient back to the helicopter for transport. The co-pilot door is still thrown open from when Watson jumped out earlier, and Sam starts dramatically blowing into his bare hands.
He conjures up the warmth he’d felt the first morning he ever woke up in a bed beside Sherlock Holmes and Greg Lestrade, tangled in a mess of soft, sweat-damp sheets with Sherlock sprawled half across him, and Greg’s strong arm wrapped all the way across them both; two slow rhythms of sleepy, humid breath mixing effortlessly with his own. John had blinked dozens of times at the scene before him just in case it was a dream, then traced his hand gently over pale and tan shoulders to pull them from sleep. And he hadn’t hidden the sheen over his own eyes as he gazed quietly into nervous crystal blue and yearning deep brown, right before hoarsely whispering, “
He closes his eyes under the spray and imagines them now, the way the two of them look in the evenings on those rare nights back in London a handful of times a year. The way they always light a fire, and John’s pale eyelashes glow in the flickering pools of golden shadows, and Greg’s eyes look like amber honey and the glistening whiskey in their glasses. The way they move closer, closer, closer on the soft couch, drawn into each other like the tide rising higher and higher upon the shore.
We ride and hunt, hike up past the snow line and down into canyons. He tells me everything he’s learned and done in four months, which takes up hours, whole days. I tell him what I done and learned and it takes up five minutes. Four of those minutes is spent on my daughters.
He doesn’t remember clasping his hand over his mouth. Gripping the freezing handrail with the other through his glove.
Greg’s hand gently touches his arm. “You know that he will not have his phone,” he says apologetically. “He will not see it. Not now.”
“I’m sorry, I was under the impression you wanted to actually win, not be ‘given charity’ as you put it.”
He reaches down and adjusts the tension on the joints of his walking leg—the one Sherlock and Greg helped pay for a year ago when he admitted that his old one left sores on his skin—and he thinks of them walking around somewhere in the Village now on pins and needles, taking time away from their preparations to text John ridiculous things about how they’re
“It doesn’t make any logical sense! The Closing Ceremony mashed with your Opening? Half the events overlapping? Building two versions of half the courses at once? A Village nearly twice as large as it needed to be? Everything was absolutely reasonable before and now they’ve gone and jumbled it all up in some misguided attempt at global athletic
I rub a hand over the back of my neck, cursing the ground we can’t go back to three minutes ago and start over. “Sherlock, I made myself a life here. I’m stuck on my own track, ain’t no gettin’ out of it now.”
to do anything. Especially not something you just decided for me not five fucking days after you had to fucking resuscitate me!”
A thousand thoughts flood through him in the time it takes to blink and look back up at Greg. Heartache and guilt and fear and desperation.
But nearly fifteen minutes later, Greg still hasn’t sighed against his chest. Nothing has faded away into the grey. The moonlight is sharp.
“Are you even hearing yourself? I spent the last two days on my own—and no, not in a fucking pity party, but physically recovering from my race—because I didn’t want to fucking distract you from your training. And now I bloody find out that you haven’t even touched a pair of skis? What the hell were you doing? Weren’t you with Greg?”
“So sorry I’m late. I’m Nurse Hooper.” She turns to my own nurse, the mirror image of youth. “You must be whom I’ve been speaking to this week. Nurse Harris?”
He is in me. We move together like I didn’t know two people could ever move. I am consumed by him. Filled and covered and surrounded. Warm hands running up along my back and thighs and spine. Warm lips pressing against my shoulders. My numb skin. We breathe together over the sound of the waves pounding against the cliff’s edge outside. And as I feel sweat beading in the places where we join, and I hear him sighing as he fills me with himself, I know the exact moment when he lets himself go.
It’s the most erotic thought Sherlock’s ever had in his life. He hikes John higher up on the wall and pulls back to gasp from his lips. He starts speaking before he loses his nerve, leaning in to lick a stripe up the side of John’s tensing neck.
Remember this, John Watson, always remember this: the sounds that Sherlock made, small and crumpled on the floor, as the fifth test fell from his fingers and clacked on the hardwood floor. I’ve waited until evening to continue on here, while Sherlock is off poking his fingers into God-knows-what at Bart’s for a bit. I don’t trust myself not to show the anguish on my face as I write it, and he would have ratted me out in an instant.
Instead I walk slowly with my hands in my pockets, one foot in front of the other towards the alley where I know that the door to my Exit Point will be. Maybe if I walk slowly enough it will take me two hours and forty-five minutes to get there. Maybe then I won’t have to sit in a chair and wait in the dark until I can leave. Just like I did last week.
“So it’s true, then. Our little Johnny went and left us for the Scotty Holmes,” the guy says, barely hiding his snicker.
My jaw is hanging open on a broken hinge. It’s more than I was expectin’ him to ever say for the whole damn summer. He hunches his shoulders and looks down at hisself like he’s surprised he even talked that long. Then he just looks straight ahead, out over the licking flames at the slowly crumbling mountain sky.
Watson, nodding quickly: “Yeah, of course, yeah. Good to be busy. I mean, not good that people need help, obviously. Not that. But . . .” He shrugs: “I mean, I’ve said it, haven’t I? I like the chaos.”
Watson, leaning forward to hand the iPad back to a member of the crew: “You know, I . . . Well, secret’s out now, I suppose. Feels odd to say it, but, you know in sixteen years, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a video of us together? I mean, a few photographs we’ve taken, sure. But, I’ve never . . . I’ve never seen that. He and I . . .”
It’s only been a few weeks since he had his initial classification back in California, the day after a Christmas he’d spent sitting alone in his hotel room trying and failing to get a good enough Skype connection to call Sherlock and Greg. He knows he’s only been back with the two of them for a couple days, but still, it feels like it’s been years since a person other than Sherlock or Greg touched his bare skin the way the nurse’s fingertips are doing now. Feels like it’s been impossibly long decades since he last saw fingers that weren’t long and pale and elegant anywhere near the scars still covering his thigh from when they’d tried to salvage the blasted skin left clinging to his bones.
” came spitting out, right before he turned his back on Greg like a two-year-old, then dared him with just a look to take the bait and scold him. To which Greg had wanted to kick the leg of the exam table as hard as he could and tell Sherlock that he wouldn’t be tempted to treat him like a child if Sherlock hadn’t spent the last half hour criticizing every word out of Greg’s mouth, insisting everyone was overreacting about
Scotty’s mouth twitches as he takes John’s hand, his fingers long and warm. “As do you,” he replies.
And God, it’s worth it for the look John gives him across the table. Like he just hung the sun. Like he just made the most incredible, humble, selfless compromise ever known to man. Like everything good in the world is woven between Sherlock’s curls, and formed in his hands.
John flings his eyes open in the present where Sherlock’s words tickle against his skin, and Sherlock’s large hands glide slowly up his back. Sherlock leans down and suddenly bites the skin on John’s buttocks hard between his teeth, causing John to cry out and grind his cock deeper against the mattress, needing friction. “God yes,” he breathes.
Cut back to their flat. Watson is rising to clear away plates and start washing in the sink while Holmes smirks. Before Watson can walk away, Holmes leans over and picks up the last bite of Watson’s slice of cake with his fingers and steals it, tossing it into his mouth.
“Go on, then,” Sherlock says, turning John by the shoulder back towards the beach. “They’re about to call your heat to prepare.”
Greg freezes beside him. They’ve never talked about this. Never. Not even the day John took off his sweatshirt and bared his skin before Greg. Never even said the word “Vietnam” out loud.
But they’d never passed him. And when John was about ten minutes away from the Village, huffing with the effort, a chance shuttle had offered him a lift to his dorm. One he normally would have refused out of sheer offended pride, but this time gratefully accepted, fighting not to groan with relief when he sank down onto the plastic seat inside.
John, apparently, is not experiencing the same quiet euphoria. He just sighs again, sounding like he’s just turned one hundred years old. “Sherlock, you can’t just . . . I’ll see you tomorrow, I promise. We can have dinner. But you need—”
?” he says in a gentle voice. It’s the gentle voice Greg uses when he doesn’t want Sherlock to scamper away from an unwanted conversation like a skittish animal. It’s not the gentle voice Greg uses when they’re in bed, when Sherlock’s cheek is pressed into the soft hair on Greg’s chest, and Greg is surrounding him, holding him together, telling him he skied so well, and was so strong, and was so beautiful across the snow. Calling him
He forgets, on those rare mornings at their other house in Chamonix before a long day of training, when Greg, half-asleep, hands him a cup of perfect tea in their kitchen—his silver hair mussed in all directions and wearing his ancient briefs with the holes in the hem. Or the precious few times when they take advantage of Sherlock and Greg’s ridiculous stores of sponsorship or family or advertising money and find a pristine, private slope for the three of them to just ski—no judges or grandstands or timekeepers in sight. Or those nights in hotel rooms when the three of them pile onto a too-small bed, and John pauses halfway through a takeaway and looks over at Greg holding a sleeping Sherlock against his chest, that way Greg always does after an exhausting day out on the slopes. When Greg kisses into Sherlock’s curls and inhales with his eyes closed.
“The sky and the sea were once one,” Chris is saying. “A vast expanse of the same unbreakable blue, stretching unbounded for eternity. Hovering over the surface of the earth.”
And yet . . . that shame and anger burn brightly in John’s eyes where he stands hunched over in the doorway, mixed with something like churning fear, and it makes Greg have to clench his fists so he doesn’t reach out to try and smooth it all away.
Cut quickly to another timelapse, this one hovering near the landscape of the mountain by Solvay Hut. We watch the waterfall of colors pour down the mountain sides, somehow nostalgic of the now-familiar sight. The clouds zoom across the sky like waving silk. The techno music peaks, then fades.
coach who doesn’t represent the very definition of ‘conflict of interest’—something Greg’s been begging him to do since that very first night.
Greg freezes. Slowly, as if it could shatter into a million pieces with one wrong move, Sherlock guides his Gold medal over Greg’s stunned head, settling the brilliant medallion in the center of Greg’s chest. He pauses for a moment, waiting for some sort of alarm to go off—an airhorn, or a frantic journalist ripping it off and hurling it back at Sherlock, screaming scandal; a security guard rushing to cuff Greg’s hands for wearing a medal he didn’t win.
“They gave up, looks like,” John says, still trying to catch his breath as he looks behind them. “God, I hope they didn’t get a good enough look at us. At you. What if they have the power to—”
An hour later Sherlock pulls us up at a rundown motel two towns over with a flickerin’ neon sign of a red cowboy boot. He tosses me the keys to the Ford and starts walkin’ cross the street to a convenience store. He don’t have to tell me anything. I get a room for $8 and sit on the edge of the thin and sticky quilt staring straight at the wall in front of me, thinking bout nothing and everything all at once ‘til half of me wants to run outside and jump in the white Ford and hightail it back to the little room above the laundromat before he walks back in that door.
He takes another step closer. “John, listen to me,” he starts. His voice is even, determined, but threatening to break at any moment. “Hear me out. I promise I’ll tell you everything, explain it all. I ain’t askin’ for anything in return but for you to just listen.”
“And wonderful ink on your back,” he says with a nod to John’s shoulder blades. “I have seen a lot of unfortunate tattoos this week, and yours is very nice. The steady detail in the lines.”
John winces in sympathy as a man on the other side of her shoots him what John could only describe as a dad-nod, bundled up so thoroughly John can only see the tip of his nose.
John breathes through his nose and stares into him for a quiet moment, the same way he seemed to stare straight through to Greg’s heart on a unassuming ski lift all those years ago.
All eyes zoom to the screen where the drone camera catches John in the middle of picking off the next skier, too. He takes the outside angle on a turn, then cuts back to the inner line, his skis tracing deep ruts in the snow. He passes the man so quickly, it looks like the Canadian is hardly moving at all.
John’s sitting on one of the chairs Scotty moved out to his porch, practically devouring the spicy rice dish Scotty seemed to whip up out of thin air once they made their way back from the shore. He’s wearing a borrowed pair of Scotty’s sweats and an old, worn Grateful Dead t-shirt that he doesn’t fully believe Scotty just randomly bought at a Goodwill. They sit and look out over the moonlit ocean, illuminated by the lights still on inside the hut, pouring golden pools through the windows. John feels like he’s lived in this place for a hundred years. The thought of leaving to go home in a bit churns in the pit of his gut like lead, yanking him down from the heavenly daydream he’d been living all day.
I'm so thrilled by the amount of you who are enjoying this fic! It is a pure delight for me to write, and I'm excited as we near the conclusion! Remember, as always, this is just for fun :) Enjoy!
Watson remains frozen as Patrick then Sam both climb out of the chopper. His hand twitches once more as Simon steps out. Then, Simon reaches back in with his hand, and another hand reaches out to grab his for support. Two legs clad in a bright red jumpsuit step down, a torso wrapped in a silver blanket, a head of wild curls.
, love,” he whispers, in a voice so night-and-day from how the entire world has seen Coach Lestrade talk to Alpine Skier Sherlock Holmes that it takes even himself by surprise, even after years.
Sherlock tilts his face up to the clear open sky and thanks whoever the hell is up there that his mother always used to talk to. Thanks them for flying John Watson clear across the Pacific Ocean and placing him solid and warm in his arms, gripping so tightly that Sherlock can barely breathe. Then he cups the back of John’s head in his hand, feeling the warm living weight of it in his palm. He coaxes John’s face back from his chest, and whispers his name into the air, and leans down with a sigh and kisses him. John sighs into his mouth, hands flying up to hold Sherlock’s neck and face in his hands.
Alma looks once at me, with something odd on her face, and I suddenly wonder, for the millionth time, whether she full well understands the whole situation, even now. If she could ever guess that I done fell asleep last night stark naked in Sherlock’s arms, after his chapped lips had slowly kissed every freckle on my belly and spine.
He bites the inside of his cheek and shuffles his foot in the snow. He hasn’t had to give an interview since they filmed his spotlight in California, and before that it had been . . . well, it had been way back when he was briefly on the news after his crash. His heart starts to pound, and his neck prickles with sweat.
They stand there staring. Scotty’s mouth is wide open, his eyes blinking rapidly and fixed on John’s face. John is absolutely pinned by the gaze, unable to form a sentence to say why or how or what. The breeze winds gently through the seashells hanging from the eaves of the house, clinking softly in the still, clear air.
But Sherlock whips out his phone, not even listening, and pulls up his calendar, already starting to type. “Obviously this completely alters the training schedule, since I’ll need to build up and re-peak in ten day’s time, in addition to whatever physical therapy you’re undoubtedly going to make me go through over the next two days to make up for this. We’ll start with tomorrow, cardio and practice drop-ins—”
Greg, nodding: “Anyway, I was there with some friends for a vacation. Thought we would see Japan. And oh, yeah, this thing called the Winter Olympics was happening, we might as well stop by to check it out, you know? I met her in the crowd eight minutes after her final run down the mountain. I had fought my way up to the railing, you know, to the fence, so that I could see the athletes as they walked past. And she walked by, and I called out
And then he took my hand in his, and after kissing the tips of my fingers he placed them on his belly, right below his navel where his fullness was slowly growing. I ran my hand back and forth across his beautiful skin, across his perfect organs that held our perfect child. He groaned, “John, my John, fill me,” and so I did. I felt his own cum streak across my hand where it still cupped the swell of his stomach, and I trailed my fingers through the glistening streaks until his entire belly shone in the sunrise light, quivering under my touch and rising up in its fullness to meet the warmth of my hand.
drinking enough liquids or doing your stretches. You were miserable and dehydrated and in pain lying on your pathetically hard couch. I had to make you—”
need,” John finishes, looking exaggeratedly at Sherlock. “I don’t have anything to say either. I mean, I . . . I won, and I’m happy with it, and now we all focus on Sherlock’s race. Anything else can be worked out later.”
Rick’s cheeks flush. “Of course, Coach. I’m sure you’re focused on how to get Holmes back up there in the Top 3! It would be easier if you were up there at the top with him though, wouldn’t it? And John, one last quest—”
Heads up for discussions of past family death in this chapter. If you'd like to skip that, scroll on down to where Sherlock and John finally make it to the beach.
Sherlock tilts his head up to kiss John in between the eyes, trying to breathe confidence through his skin.
Each crack of the gun firing flashes the smoking battlefield into my mind. Bubbling and hot and steaming with blood. Smoldering into the bleeding cracks of the earth, dragging me down deeper towards the screaming, towards the horror . . .
By the time they make it back to Sherlock’s home the sun is late and heavy in the sky. Sherlock can tell John’ shoulder is bothering him. The adrenaline of victory has worn off, leaving him sore and tired, and John’s holding himself carefully when he moves. He can’t quite understand the feeling that comes over him when he sees John’s entire body visibly relax the second they come within sight of the little hut.
And John Watson had held this photograph in his hands. He’d held it. He’d asked her name. Held it with the same fingers that had run through Sherlock’s hair when his face had been down between John’s legs, and that had touched Sherlock’s cheek soft and warm in the quivering air of sunrise.
It makes me nauseous to think what she might have seen. Makes me hate myself. What I am. What I decided to do.
“Oh, thanks for that,” John says, then he takes a good look around the living room, at the empty chairs awkwardly settled in some sort of ‘interview-esque’ cluster, their medals and a few photos conspicuously displayed on the walls, as requested by the magazine.
Greg glances around, then leans forward. “Last night, he was in my bed. He was . . . there was a lot on his mind. He thinks I have forgotten to lecture him on climbing up my building, but I am saving that for after his race.”
Sherlock blinks hard and slowly focuses on John, coming out of a panicked daze. John tries not to wince again as he raises his left arm to grip at Sherlock’s other shoulder, holding him hard and firm.
what he wanted to tell his old Wing Commander—the man who lead him through the skies for more than a decade. The man who touched his fingertips. The man whose voice was the last voice John would ever hear.
I hold his hand against my chest, letting him feel my heartbeat. I want to drape myself across him and moan when I see the fear flicker in his eyes. Instead I hold myself together. For him.
Greg nods, a tentative relief starting to come over him, lessening the weight on his shoulders. “You see? There is always the things to be talking about.”
On the asphalt, Holmes takes two hesitant steps forward as Watson sprints towards him. He reaches out a hand.
Something shifts at the rough tone of his voice. Something hot and curling and sharp at the edges. Something unspeakably dangerous.
Scotty Holmes who brought back the bullet, and spent three hours telling him everything he knows about the waves in Oahu just so that John can win, and wants to spend even more time with him tomorrow even after John walked away from him with two impressively fierce ‘fuck you’s’ lobbed at his face.
Sherlock barely moves, frozen and trembling above him, then he pulls back with a gasp and licks his lips, eyes wide and locked on John’s face. John lets him look, lets him drink in every line of sincerity on his face, plane flight tomorrow be damned. A tiny flicker of sadness passes over Sherlock’s eyes, quickly replaced by the same easy desire from before.
He’d stepped up out of the Jeep at the airport drop off after they’d swung by the hotel and realized in a jolt of panic that he hadn’t hugged Sherlock one last time back at the beach. Hadn’t kissed him or held him or let himself be held. And now they couldn’t – not standing there at the airport terminal, one Jeep in a long line of taxis, surrounded on both sides by parting and reuniting embraces.
Greg huffs and gestures out at the water. “How are you not mad as hell at me right now? I mean, I knew, and I strung you along for two years –”
After a pause, the door through the phone opens again, and Sherlock hears footsteps, background conversations echoing in a hallway. “
“I . . . I’m going to eat with someone else, actually,” John says, staring at his feet. He gestures at Sherlock and Greg. “They’ll give me a ride back.”
“You – you didn’t have to do that.” He swallows roughly, staring just over Scotty’s shoulder. “Thank you.”
A dangerous spark flashes across Sherlock’s face, and his jaw tightens. He sits up on the bed and fixes his curls, looking back and forth between John and Greg, but when John only stands tall and resolute, and Greg doesn’t add anything to the conversation, Sherlock frowns.
I thought as how it had been my only lasting dream in life since I was nineteen to experience the miracle of John Watson kissing me. His mouth on mine. His chest. His precious lips. The sounds he makes when he lets go and just feels, feels, feels.
“You saw the way she was lookin’ at you last night,” I say, hoping I don’t sound as desperate as I feel. “You can’t tell me she wasn’t totally at peace in your arms, that she didn’t love you holdin’ her, and she reached for you when we lef –”
He pauses, then looks hard at Holmes, seeming to watch the rise and fall of his chest. Holmes doesn’t fidget.
secret with John. His responsibility, and his care, and his idea, and his rescue. It was his role to sit and watch John sleep after receiving those texts, his duty to remind him where and who he was, his
We sure as hell hadn’t talked about whether we should warn Alma Jr. she was about to let her baby girl have Sunday supper with a ghost.
John bites the inside of his cheek as he shifts the car back into first, revving the engine a bit too hard.
John fired off bullets shoulder to shoulder with Keith, feeling his gun’s recoil straight through to his own body. They fired searing metal into a wall of thick, choking smoke. The enemy emerging from the flames of hell.
Sherlock closes his eyes and lets out a deep breath, and John lets himself gaze straight down at his upside-down face. He runs his fingers through Sherlock’s curls swirling lazily in the water pooling around his head as they bob on the surface of the calm and sleepy sea, and Sherlock hums as he stretches his legs down and cracks his toes.
He gasps as Sherlock’s thumb gently traces a slow circle around the tip of his penis, painting it in a cool, thin layer of saltwater fizzling against the heat of his skin. John reaches down into the water and feels the meeting place of Sherlock’s fingertips against his cock, stroking long and slow and firm. He groans. “What happens next?”
Sherlock can hear the faint insincerity hiding behind their cheerful words – the thrumming undertone of remorse that they aren’t currently hanging out and chatting with literally any other surfer on the beach. Sherlock flashes a desperate glance towards the starting line and sees that John is entirely in his own head, gazing out at the waves with no idea that Sherlock’s voice is even echoing across the sand.
I turn towards him and lift his hat off of his curls, hanging it off the fencepost. He looks at me curious as I lay my hand on the side of his face and pull him down towards me. I kiss his forehead softly, breathe in his skin. I’ve never done that before. When I pull back he looks at me so open it’s like he done took his soul and scattered it across the plains, filling them up full where before they was empty.
I don’t know what the hell to say to that. Nobody’s talked like this to me in years. So carefree and open and fearless. So brash. It seems that they were right when they told me before I Visited– that you can be your old self in this place. Can be young.
Thirty minutes later I’m sitting near the Home’s entrance in my wheelchair. The sun is slowly setting over the hills outside, filling the stark white hallway with warmth. It feels like a great big blanket on my skin, covering the bruises and IV scars and veins.  Somebody must have wheeled me here – I’m not really sure who. The pain medication makes me feel like I’m in a fog, woozy and running in slow motion through a thick grey cloud.
John breathes out a weak laugh, then blinks up at the sky, his eyes nearly watering. His mouth forms the word so carefully, it’s like it’ll break apart between his teeth. As if the word itself could roll back down his throat and choke him, knocking him dead in the snow. Could strip him naked, sharp particles of deep red sand dragging across his skin.
Dominic leans forward from the back: “Ah, man, you’re just sad you don’t get to bicker around the whole mission with your fellow Brit. This mission is far too boring for him.”
Gerold: “Of course Sam would make it sound like a play place. He believes he is fifteen years old still, I think. You know he is only five years younger than me, yes? Bastard will never admit it. Doesn’t want to admit he is close in age to someone with greying hair.”
” she’d said as I lay gasping with pain, being flooded with medication that would make me go to sleep.
“They did nothing of the sort,” Sherlock says. “I haven’t even practiced in two days. I was late because I was an insufferable idiot who couldn’t overcome my own nerves about—”
He pulls his hands away from his face and gasps when he sees Sherlock. He looks devastated. Wrecked and small and trembling in the middle of the kitchen floor. Lost. The polar opposite of Scotty Holmes strutting across the sand in his aviators, head held high.
Time seems to have been set on fast-forward. Every glance at his watch shows another five minutes have passed, another ten. John struggles to speed-walk across the Village, ice slicks and slush puddles teasing a fall around every corner. He briefly considers calling Greg to reassure him that he’s on his way, but he knows it would be useless. Greg’s phone will be off, like it is on any race day. Probably not even in his pocket.
John smirks. “I didn’t, but you just confirmed my suspicions, genius.” He nods over his shoulder. “Go on. I’ll be here.”
In steps a man who’s decades younger than John had been expecting, a dazzling, nervous smile on his face as he quickly takes in their hastily-cleaned flat. Greg gestures him forward, ever the practiced host, and John finds himself standing beside Sherlock like he used to stand for RAF inspections; it takes a concerted force of will to keep his body from standing at attention.
John goes still again, every inch of his skin prickling and hot. Sherlock feels like John’s towering over him, and a terrifying thrill zips up his spine. It almost drowns out the despair brewing in the pit of his gut. The air between them is sucked of oxygen as they stare each other down.
John looks over his shoulder back at the city - the jumbled, churning chaos of metal and glass rising up from the earth, the total opposite of the vast, empty sea and sky at their front. He turns back to look towards Greg, feeling far away and small.
He pulls back from John’s heated kiss to gasp for air. His wet lips crackle in the cold air of the flat, stinging from the rasp of John’s tongue and teeth. He looks up at John—his eyes closed and mouth open and pure
“You like that?” John growls. He pants in Greg’s ear as he twists his wrist along Greg’s cock, tightening his pumping grip along his dripping erection. “Yeah? You feel that? You like—”
“So you make me your employee, in this fantasy world of yours, where I have to keep track of all your appointments in my little datebook because you’re such an idiot you can’t keep it all straight?”
“Her favorite thing in the whole entire world was a strawberry flavored milkshake,” he says. “She only got one once a year. We’d go on her birthday to this place down the pier, and she’d always tell me we would split it fifty-fifty but then she’d give me way more than half. Plus all the whipped cream.”
And now I look down and see Sherlock Holmes’ lips pressed firmly onto my ruined skin, slowly tracing one of the burn scars from my hip up to my collarbone with kisses that we both know I can’t really feel.
Suddenly, Watson bursts out of the hangar and sprints to the helipad. His hair is uncharacteristically unkempt, and he is nearly completely out of breath. He stares up into the sky, and we follow his gaze.
John. His brave, courageous John. His upstanding, good-hearted, beautiful John, who just unknowingly absolved Sherlock on international television of a crime of which he is very much guilty. Who doesn’t know, still doesn’t fucking
of his life over the past three years doing nothing but crane his neck from the bottom of a mountain so he can track Sherlock’s skis through the snow like two fragile matchsticks. He’s watched him in freezing temperatures, and snow, and rain, and even hail. He’s watched him on the telly from a warm sofa with Greg’s familiar arm around his back. Watched him from pixelated videos texted to his phone over in California. Watched him on the days he feels perfectly normal, and the days his right leg burns and screams. He’s watched him at sunrise, and at the golden light of sunset, and in his dreams.
“Wanna see if he can hear me make that sound now?” John asks, in a rough voice that instantly makes Greg wrap his arms around John’s back, holding the breadth of John’s ribs as close to his body as possible as he tries not to start rutting against him on the spot.
I know why he felt the need to change it up tonight – he needed to feel like a man again. Just that afternoon we realized after a strop that ended in two broken mugs and a mound of clothes angrily thrown against the wall that none of Sherlock’s perfectly tailored trousers fit him anymore. He was hanging on up until now with one rogue pair that he’d probably filched off of some suspect years ago just to prove that he could get away with it, and that suspect happened to be about two stone heavier than him. But now, though, now he has nothing. The image he painstakingly built for himself over years has been taken away from him, gone in the instant it took the button on that last pair of trousers to pop under the weight of his belly, and it hurt my heart to see him standing there in his pants staring down at the heap of traitorous clothing. It felt like someone was stepping on my lungs and pressing the air out of my soul one tiny centimeter at a time, never letting me get more air in.
He grasps my hands in his. “You only have three hours, yes?” he asks. I nod, and a quick sadness flashes through his eyes before it’s gone, replaced by unimaginable excitement. “Come on, then,” he says, leading me quickly towards his house. “We don’t have much time. There’s so much to do, so much to show you.”
Something pulls in John’s chest where it’s pressed against Sherlock’s warm, soap-smelling sheets. He swallows hard. “I think I know what you mean,” he finally whispers back.
John nods, only half-believing, frustrated at himself that he can’t quite look at it in the same way. At least, not yet. He leans against the railing, his thigh starting to ache in the cold. “Was he alright this morning? Did you even get to see him, or—?”
We can’t stay here forever, I know that. He knows it, too. Lestrade and his team, along with all the other people we know aside from Mrs. Hudson, can’t be held off much longer with claims of “much better things to do,” and we both know deep down that we’ll have to tell them the truth when we get back. Jesus, the thought makes my spine shiver. It’s already a huge moment to tell someone that you’re in a relationship, or that you’re gay, or that you’re married, or that you’re pregnant, or that you’re trans, but telling all fucking five at once is like winning a sick lottery neither of us ever even wanted to enter. We just wanted each other. But Sherlock will stand up tall and do it. He’ll do it for me, and for us, and for our daughters. He’ll do it because he is the sun.
“We know that,” John says, glancing briefly at Sherlock, and Greg knows he’s thinking about their stolen minutes in the locker room, wondering whether Sherlock knows. “I wouldn’t have won without you. That’s what I was trying to tell Sherlock last night, so you wouldn’t get ignored. But then he went and—”
Sherlock flits through his thoughts and remembers closing his eyes either five seconds or five hours ago to the sensation of Greg’s lungs expanding against his lips with his steady inhale, and John’s thigh pressed up against the back of his legs. Soft whispers of goodnight. Greg’s lips pressed into his hair, whispering that he loved him. That he loved John. That their Olympics officially started tomorrow. That John for some reason thought he wouldn’t be able to talk to them again until March. Until forever.
John shatters. A high, breathy moan erupts from the back of his throat as his head crashes back onto the pillow, hips fighting not to thrust up into the tight, wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth as Sherlock strokes him with the flat of his tongue and sucks him root to tip. John lifts his neck and watches with his breath in his throat as his cock disappears again and again beneath Sherlock’s dripping lips, throbbing against the back of his throat and arching into the heat of his moans. He’s trembling, fighting for breath and aching as Sherlock pulls up to swirl his tongue around the head, sucking at the slit and pumping John’s cock with his hand before engulfing him in his mouth once more.
The engine is off, and I don’t realize how tightly I’m clinging to him until his voice cuts through the panicked fog of my thoughts. I shake out my shoulders. “Yes, sorry. I’m ready.”
John stares at him. What are his thoughts on those stats? His thoughts are that he wants to land his fist right in the center of Rick’s perfect, stupid face. And that he feels the stadium draining itself of color, the Olympic flag nothing but grey outlines, the cheers turning to groans. Because put so starkly, John would have to be an idiot to think Sherlock still had a chance at achieving his dream. He would sound pathetic and naive, lying in the face of god, to say he believes Sherlock could still win now.
John tightens his grip on Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock bites the lobe of his ear. He steels himself to feel the uncertainty coil thickly again in his gut, cutting him off from the sparks of pleasure caused by Sherlock’s hand on his cock. When the feeling never comes, John releases the air in his lungs moans, feeling like he could float up into the air and fly.
“You are going to push back against my hand for as long as you comfortably can,” the tester says, placing his palm on top of John’s right thigh. The edges of his fingertips bleed over the hem of John’s shorts onto his skin, and John can hardly bear to look down at the man’s tan fingers edging so close to the web of pale pink scars across his residual limb.
“I’d guessed as much. If you’d been drafted they would have sent you straight in the Army based on how old you were at the time. You probably figured you’d be safer in the Navy. It’s why you haven’t asked for any help from anyone since you’ve been back – you feel like you only have yourself to blame for being over there in the first place.”
“Was like a whole different world up there. Whole blocks where everyone outside on the streets was a man holding another man’s hand. Leather, high heels, the whole thing. I felt like I was on a movie set.”
God, the three of them don’t deserve to go through the stress of Sherlock being postponed, Christ only knows . . .
I clear my throat and try to breathe. Nathan starts screamin’ over in the next room, and I pray to God Alma’ll go in there to quiet him down. She stays.
I clear my throat. “You ain’t talkin’ sense,” I say, real soft. “I know you heard what Alma said to me in the kitchen, that she wants us to be in Wilma’s life, both of us. No reason you can’t try and be there for her, too –”
John blanks. He hadn’t known Chris would ask them this. They hadn’t known anything about what he would even say - no vows or lines or any of it. He looks quickly at Sherlock with wide eyes, feeling like the entire ocean is frozen waiting on the cusp of what he’s about to say. Then he sees Sherlock’s eyes, the little palmfuls of clear ocean water, and the words come rushing out of his mouth before he can plan them, flowing calm and effortlessly from his lips.
He feels the clock of their remaining time together ticking away in his head. He wants to run down there and yell at everyone to just go away – to let him have his last few hours of knowing that John Watson’s eyes will always seek him out on a crowded beach before he has to get back on a plane. But John just looks so happy. He’s giving an interview to the Surfer’s Journal crew for next month’s edition, and taking photos for the local Oahu paper – making everyone around him perfectly at ease and thrilled where Sherlock had always just left behind stale air.
They docked in absolute silence, crept up along the messy, jungle shore with pounding hearts and unsteady hands. Whispered orders. Whispered curses. Camouflage uniforms disappearing one by one into the airless, thick jungle. Wet, green leaves tugging softly at gun-toting arms. Swallowing up the boots on their feet and reminding them all that they were far, far away from the sea. Keith looked like he wanted to fly.
I reach up to adjust the glasses sliding down my nose. Smooth down the front of my suit. “How do I look this time?” I ask.
His hands and fingers move without him, ripping open John’s tank top to see his chest, plastered with more wet sand and flecks of broken seaweed. He doesn’t even know if this will help – if this won’t just hurt him even more. But John’s chest stays still and flat and his lips stay closed and he can’t fucking watch John Watson die on the sand knowing the last thing he ever saw on earth was Sherlock Holmes running away from him like a coward.
We cannot tell who it is, but an odd look of regret passes across Holmes’ face, replaced by his usual indifference in the span of a blink. He turns back to sit straight in his seat.
, before they were even together like that, and yet the man cannot and will not let him live it down.
Sam breathes a curse under his breath as he rushes forward to help Watson clear the edge and unclasp his ropes. Holmes’ eyes are closed, but his chest is still rising and falling with deep breaths.
We do realize, darlin. We realize, and your granddaddy is so proud of you he got choked up talking to me about it just the other night. That photo you mailed us of you at that rainbow parade. We may be too backwoods to get them internet cables you’re begging us to get, so as you can send us letters without having to use paper.
John should be crushed tightly in someone’s arms, be having his body massaged, be whispered to that he is brave and alluring and fantastic. John should be surrounded by the chaos of people who love him, by discarded socks and his leg halfway across the room on a chair and three pairs of skis haphazardly littering the carpet.
He breathes a sigh of relief when his competitor isn’t even there yet. John isn’t ready to face him, to see him face to face knowing that every wave out there during the next thirty minutes will have the other man’s name written all over it. There’s no way he can compare the monolithic terror of a man – no, a kid – that he’s built up in his mind over the past hour with a real human being.
A great, heaving wind rips across the empty plains and rattles up against the sides of the telephone box, drowning out the wheezing in my chest.
His voice is smooth and clear. Urgent. John’s skin feels prickly underneath Scotty’s long fingers, still snugly gripping his upper arm. Scotty’s eyes are dazzling, staring straight into John’s like his face is the only thing they can see. John forces himself to breathe and shakes his head.
“That I installed an extra receptor on our phones so you’d have enough signal to reach my phone anywhere in the area. But don’t tell Greg—he hasn’t noticed yet that he’s magically the only coach who can successfully text his athlete when I’m at the top of the course.”
John hates himself for feeling grateful at the interruption, even as he watches Greg give Sherlock a harsh glare.
We tip our hats and leave when he goes back to his paperwork. The sound of the gravel crunching under our shoes feels like 4th of July fireworks scattering cross the virgin morning air. I look at the man as he walks towards his Ford. Underneath a wool jacket his shirt is dark and checkered. Crisp. Ironed. Perfectly tucked into a pair of Levi’s that hug his thighs and taper into his boots like they’re being sucked down by a Hoover. The Levi’s make me want to pick up a handful of gravel and crush it in my palms. They’re thick and worn. They carry years of work the way the rest of him don’t show a trace of ever liftin’ a finger.
Sherlock hears a rumble next to him, and turns just in time to see Johnny burst out laughing, shoulder brushing against Sherlock’s as he leans back in the sand to take a deep breath. He shoots Sherlock a smile then, warm and private on the tip of his lips, and Sherlock almost closes his eyes and looks away. He’s never had a smile like that directed at him. Ever. It almost hurts to look at, like staring straight up into the sun over Oahu.
“How come all this time you ain’t found a girl to settle down with?” I ask him from the couch. It’s the first time we’ve ever stayed somewhere indoors together, discountin’ the motel that very first night. It feels odd to sit on a couch with him, a fire in the fireplace and the smell of wine and pot roast in the air ‘stead of dirt and tree bark and wet snow. I hold my breath so I don’t get too used to the smell.
John looks down at their clasped hands and shakes hers once before letting go. Sherlock stares at the empty space where their joined hands used to be, scared to breathe unless everything around him dissolves into a dream.
I wonder desperately if he realizes that I’ve had enough, and it’s been a good run. That that’s what I told myself before I saw him standing in the sand just hours ago.
Sherlock laughs and goes to get the blanket anyway. He knows John’s interest when he sees it – and it shocks him deep in his core to realize that he could even know another person so thoroughly. They lay the blanket out on the lower part of the shore and relax over the soft sand. John goes to lean back on his elbows and winces.
When he turns back to Sherlock and Greg, they’re already seated in the cart, and Sherlock has Greg’s jacket wrapped tightly around his shoulders.
“Exactly, John. Glad you’ve finally joined my reasoning. There’s no sense in arguing. So let’s just ski back, and I still have enough time for one or two more—”
He fills me, like he done filled me the first time I ever looked at him under the brim of my hat. The way he’d been standing in the gravel, his chin held high. He fills me up whole.
Sherlock looks torn apart. His curls are wild around his face, and his lips are kiss-swollen and pink – chest flushed and heaving with eyes locked on to John like he might never be able to look away. John glances down and sees that Sherlock’s erection is gone, lying soft now behind a wet stain on his boxers. The fact that Sherlock came just rutting into the bedsheets with John’s cock in his mouth should make him flood over with fresh arousal – want to crush this man to his body and feel the strength in his waist and run his hands up the muscled, inked lines of his back.
John Watson looks brilliant in the sunlight. It glints off his hair in brilliant golden streaks like the tails burning radiantly behind shooting stars soaring over the ocean. His skin is the warm sand, and his hands are the shade cast underneath the plumeria blossoms, and his eyes are the vastness of the ocean. The depth and the secrets and the power of the waves.
“I should hope so,” Sherlock responds, now sprawled across the back of the helicopter, as if he practically owns the sky. “I look particularly statuesque in that photo. And John looks like a Sex God.”
“Take it,” he hears above him, rough and low as John’s hand grasps his own cock and guides it to Sherlock’s freezing lips. John pulls back the foreskin and slaps the burning tip of his erection against Sherlock’s chin.
He stops and waits for a good enough swell to come in, achingly aware of John’s eyes on his back, tracing the tendrils of his tattoo. He shuts off the voices in his head and looks out over the water, eyes scanning rapidly for signs of a good swell, following the drifts of the current and the tides, judging the depth and composition of the ocean floor beneath him.
And I ask, “Can I tell you about a secret thing?” He blinks once, and I hear his deep voice in my head saying, “
I try to smile over my embarrassment, turning back gently towards the crowd, when she brushes up close against my arm, hot perfume drowning my nostrils. “I know a good way we could get those limbs nice and loose,” she whispers thickly. She trails a dainty hand slowly up my side until I nearly flinch, keeping her grip at my waist and tugging close. “Know a way to make you feel alive again.”
be worried about you. And don’t go trying to make it worse by potentially inflicting even more damage by fucking standing up—”
think about how pale Sherlock’s eyelids had looked in the snow, how the little blue veins had looked like death sprawled across his skin, how the paramedics had pretended to ignore him as Greg held his face in his hands and told him that he needed him to come back, that he needed him to be okay, that he
Had known the first time he glimpsed Sherlock putting his hands on John’s leg, and John not pulling away.
Reminding me I’d been caught in the loop of John Watson since I was nineteen, and I never wanted anybody to even try to cut me out.
O’Brien finishes his third major ride of the set and puts up a third score over 7.5 points, accompanied by a wild cheer from the crowd. Sherlock thinks he’s going to be sick.
“Stop thinking so hard, genius,” he says. “You’ll pull a muscle and then my plans for tonight’ll go to shit.”
Interviewer: “Your situation is unique from the other team members here. Do you enjoy that, the constant travel?” Her voice sounds a bit skeptical: “Do you ever miss your home base here in Zermatt?”
Suddenly, horrifyingly, we peer down as the entire crevasse collapses into a cloud of ice. Simon, Elsa, and Dominic are swallowed up by the fog of exploding snow. The crevasse disappears in the rubble. It has completely caved in.
Scott comes back a day and a night later. He looks so young, emerging out of the darkness into the firelight exhausted with a handful of twigs and leaves sticking out the side of his hair and a purple bruise just starting to come in under his left eye.
But he isn’t here waiting for me. He’s gone. I frantically search around the outside of the house, then peer as far as I can down the beach, along the peer.
Another laugh tumbles out of him, and he sits up on his elbow to look down at Greg, shivering when Greg brushes the curls out of his eyes. Greg looks earnest, and warm, and worried, and kind, and it is the safest pair of eyes Sherlock has ever seen. “I am lucky, Lestrade.”
“You have just achieved your dream,” Greg says, looking small in the middle of the empty locker room row, seeming to shrink back so he won’t tower over John where he sits. “You won, and I got to watch it.”
A small part of his brain, the tiny alarm from the shower that now feels like a lifetime ago, starts to go off. John is sitting out in the open air in front of the entire world with an erection between his legs and a man underneath him. A man who’s arching up into John’s touch, and reaching back with a shaking hand to grab tight onto John’s hip and squeeze. A man who’s panting on ghosts of his name, hovering on the tips of his full, wet lips.
I had turned off the telly for the night, walking down the dark hallway still hearing echoes of the newscasters’ voices in my head. A dim light was on in his room, streaming under his door like a shimmering puddle of gold. I would have walked right past and gone up to my room, but then I heard it.
My heavy feet take me over to the closet tucked away in a grey corner of the room. It’s mostly empty. I have to duck to fit inside and I think of Sherlock up here sweatin’ and miserable every Easter having to bend over in half just to get his jeans. Thinkin’ about me coming up there with him next year, or the next year, or the next year to watch him try out all his inventions.
Greg’s just opening his mouth to shout something equally as irritating back when he hears an unexpected noise behind him, a thudding tap-tap on the wooden floor coming from the bedroom.
Was it only yesterday on that bunny hill—alone and with no one to watch, no race against time? Was it days ago when he practically leapt off the starting gate, no poles in his hands, and raced to what he thought was Sherlock’s corpse in the snow? Was it the moment he felt his knee snap in half on that final squat in Sochi?
John turns his head against the headrest of the old Jeep, pushing his cheek further into Sherlock’s steady palm. It’s hard to believe they’re not the only two people on the island. That five minutes down the road there’s a massive swarm of people from all over Oahu – from all over the world – gathering to watch him try to prove he somehow deserves to be there. Sherlock’s eyes are wide and clear, boring into his with such focus it sends a shiver up John’s spine.
John’s grin just grows. “Yes. Even with that.” He looks at Greg and tilts his head for Greg to come closer, closing the circle. “Christ, we can all be idiots, can’t we? We could stand here ‘til next Sunday coming up with all the reasons we think the other two don’t want us around. And we’re supposed to be adults. Have this shit figured out.”
“Looks like he’s working again,” John says to Greg with a laugh as he hops around the other side of the bed, using the wall for balance. “All you need to do is say something factually incorrect and it’ll get him to speak.”
There. He’s said it. Fucking hell and Christ have mercy. His heart pounds, so much the dresser is shaking where he grips it. He hesitates, afraid to look, then glances once more in the mirror. And he sees . . .
I pull back and look at him, and I feel like I’m lookin’ straight down at the sun. I feel like my heart is risin’ up out of my body and flying into the heavens above us. He gets a look in his wide blue eyes and tenses up his body before he flips me clear over onto my back. The strength of his lean arms on my body makes me instantly rock hard. I close my eyes and think of him gallopin’ a horse full speed across the open plain, his curls flyin’ in the wind and his muscled hips gripping the saddle like they was born to do it and I’m gasping beneath him as I feel his rough hand undo my zip and reach down into my jeans and grasp me hard and solid in his palm. I look up at the cloudless blue sky above me and feel the whole universe is sighing soft and slow at the feeling of Sherlock Holmes’ warm hand on my old and tired skin. He bites my bottom lip between his teeth and runs his tongue up my neck and let’s me fuck his hand while his lips kiss my ear whisperin’ “come on, baby, come on.”
“I am the one who has the failure,” Greg says, the words barely audible as they’re whispered into Sherlock’s hair.
John breathes slowly. Scotty’s voice is low and sincere, the apology carefully formed on his lips. The intimacy of it – sitting knee to knee in a silent car with nobody around for miles, discussing insults hurled at each other moments before Scotty pulled John from the waves – bears down on him with a heavy weight.
He’s surrounded by his competitors, who are all crouching and swaying on their skis, itching to start. He looks fragile, breakable, like he could be crushed in an instant by the bodies around him. Like he could be buried forever in a drift of snow, never to be found.
“Ahh, poor dear. He’ll be alright. See look at that—he’s on his feet and everything. Doesn’t even need to use the stretcher. The fall must’ve just knocked the wind out of—”
He opens his email to file said complaint with the IOC when he sees there is indeed an email from Greg’s coaching address. In it is a poorly formatted table outlining Sherlock’s revised practice schedule for every minute leading up to his Final. Under the table, in the worst font Sherlock’s ever seen, are three sentences in painfully correct English: “
Greg’s eyes fill with tears as he looks back at John’s face on the screen—at the way the entire earth is falling at his feet, the sun illuminating his golden hair, the strength in his legs.
The voice on the other end of the phone sighs, and John feels it curl through his ear and straight into his blood, between his ribs.
Greg: “But if we . . . if we worked this same job? If she had to watch me actually flying the chopper on the dangerous days? If I had to watch her set off on skies for some backcountry search? Watch her run away from the helicopter to go and find someone?
