"I don't care about my reputation," Sherlock snarls. John glares at Mycroft and slides his eyes towards the door.
) and the relationship feels too fragile to expose to the public eye. He's pulled out of his bitter thoughts by John's hand slipping into his.
"Oh," Sherlock says, sitting up straighter, pleased with himself, though there isn't a logical reason to be.
Mrs. Gonzales's face contorts in pain and John's focus snaps back like a rubber band pulled tight, shocking him out of his head. He pulls his stethoscope off his neck to listen to her heart and thinks
"John!" Sherlock cries, jumping out of his own chair. John winces with him, knowing it must have hurt his ribs. "Mycroft has good news!"
Chatsworth tilted his head back and forth. "Well, it's something you have to just teach isn't acceptable. I guess it's a bit like separation anxiety in human babies, only we don't outgrow it."
, Sherlock. I'm going to put soap on your snout. Keep your mouth closed or you'll get soap in it and it doesn't taste good."
"Hopefully Sherlock will forgive me for this abuse of his trust, but he's in love with you, John, and that's why he lied by omission. Now, for God's sake, go talk to him and try not to be condescending or pitying."
Three nurses are tasked with the job of bathing him and treating the lice in his hair and pubic hair. They want to shave both, but Sherlock refuses to have his head shaved completely and, in the end, he's left with an inch of dark brown hair, only a few locks here and there tipped with blonde from dyeing his hair. The pubic hair he willingly gives up, though he knows he’ll regret it when it’s growing back because it'll itch like hell.
, watching—stupid and paralyzed—as Sherlock's reality shatters around him. Sherlock looks feral, snarling, hunched into himself, defiance and terror cozy bedfellows in his eyes, like they're
John went into the sitting room to check on Sherlock and found him sprawled out on the carpet, dead asleep.
John slides to his knees next to the bed, keeping his head tilted down so he's not tempted to peek. Gerald comes to stand next to him and John can feel the dip in the bed as Gerald sits down. Then Gerald drops what he's carrying on the floor, startling John, who flinches away. Gerald's fingers are immediately in his hair, petting him, soothing him, but John's staring at what Gerald dropped. There's three things and they're all leather—one is clearly the flogger. It's got a handle wrapped with a braided design. It looks like the head of a mop, except with a handle. Then there's what John guesses is a paddle, but it's leather, not wood. The handle is a lot like the flogger and, as John looks closer, he realizes they all have the same braided pattern on their handles.
"S'very kind of you t'say so," Sherlock says, his voice stretching the words out like taffy. His eyebrows go up and down as he tries, and fails, to keep his eyes open. John laughs weakly, knowing Sherlock won't remember his love confession, and that it's probably okay because John knows what's true, finally. The truth feels like kissing Sherlock, his tongue in Sherlock's mouth sliding together, literally hot and so fucking hot metaphorically. It feels like holding Sherlock's cock in his hand, the smooth, hot, soft, skin over hard,
the man you are and I want to help you bring that man back. Will you, please-- Sherlock, no more secrets. Right?"
Sherlock isn't particularly thrilled about being in therapy, but he recognizes the need for someone like Dr. Reed to aid in his recovery. He hated every second of the way therapy made him feel today—like he was split open, every insecurity and fear on exhibit.
when he gets in except for the faintest sound of the platform legs scratching momentarily at the hardwood floor.
After Sherlock brushes his teeth, John helps him get back into bed on his side. Sherlock looks sleepy, which is good. Tonight, John will give him five milligrams of melatonin, sublingually, and that will help keep him on a regular sleeping schedule. It feels almost like caring for an infant the way he's worked out eating and sleeping schedules.
John finally looks up at him, and Sherlock freezes. He takes in the red-rimmed eyes, the downturned mouth, the forward slope of the shoulders, the mussed hair, the pale cheeks, the furrowed brow.
, but what comes out is a confession. He tells John everything—about the abuse, the deprivation, the box, the rapes—all of it except Zivko.
He feels accountable for Gerald because of his obedience, both now and in future, if they take this step. If he gives a command without considering his responsibility to Gerald, then Gerald's obedience can hurt him. He wants to be deserving of Gerald's trust, even though it's clear Gerald has given it freely.
Sherlock ignored him. He was standing on John's legs, his full wingspan spread open so that John couldn't see beyond the thin black leather of his stretched wings. There was a low hissing sound coming from Sherlock. It was of a different timbre and intensity than the usual hiss he used to voice displeasure.
John huffs in irritation, picks up his phone, and dials Angelo's restaurant. Thirty minutes later, John and Sherlock have enough food to feed three times as many people.
Both the American and English teams know that this is the plan, which means they all know that Sherlock’s sexuality, while not explicitly acknowledged, is clearly fluid enough to allow him to go undercover as a gay man to seduce another gay man, after which gay sex acts will almost certainly take place. Sherlock isn’t happy about the fact that fifty people know he’s likely to have sex with the target. He’s always been an intensely private man, though not because he cares what people think. So, he’s surprised at how defensive he gets at the homophobic reception he encounters when he’s briefed by the FBI after landing in New Orleans.
"Yeah, I did. Just not sure how sucking him off in an alley for a tenner helps you gather information," John says, deadpan, checking the safety is on one last time.
"No," Sherlock chuckles darkly. "Quite experienced. Would you like to hear all the filthy things I want to do to you?"
Sherlock says, finally, pacing from the sitting room through the kitchen, into the bedroom, and back out again.
"I can't tell you when it first happened. It feels like it's always been there. When I came home I was going to tell you. How I felt."
John knows this next part, because he's seen it after every flashback—the transition from threat-alert-maximum-red-blaring-klaxon-defcon-five-times-a-hundred, to
Despite Sherlock's request, John runs up the stairs to the second floor bedroom, and opens it without even bothering to knock. He finds Sherlock huddled in the corner of the bed, against the wall, with his knees drawn up, and looking miserable. He looks like he's been hit with the flu, and John is immediately on alert.
"I like the sound of that," John says, his eyes going warm and soft, which Sherlock usually finds charming, but which suddenly seems so
"I hope it's someone you like," Gerald says. His smile is inviting and open. His lower front teeth are slightly crooked, but they don't make his smile any less beautiful.
to which Sherlock doesn't respond, although his fingers hover over the keypad of his phone for too long before he finally switches off the screen and sets it on the bedside table.
"Oh, Sherlock," John breathes. He swallows and clears his throat. "Has anyone—have you been looked at?"
and all the other niceties of social convention. He likes the idea of Gerald doing what he says, but not if it means John's going to forget how to be polite.
Sherlock gave him a look of incredulity. "Why would I want to turn around? I can't wait to see what you look like under your clothes."
"That I'm so sorry. That I never could have guessed that Sherlock was still alive." John stops, pulls his hand out of Rebecca's and rubs it against his forehead, agitated. "The thing is, Becca. I
"He doesn't have to, Rebecca," John says firmly, trying to end this line of questioning. "He hates children. Drop it."
"Stop deflecting. What I mean is—he needs you to give yourself over fully. Look at it from his point of view—I've had to do this with Cyril—you and I had each other. Cyril and Sherlock were alone all this time and, in their hearts, they really are afraid that they're imperfect enough to drive us back into each other's arms."
After they dry off, they dress—well, John does, even if only in pajamas. Sherlock's only in his tartan dressing gown, the tie barely secured. John makes them cheese sandwiches and tomato soup for lunch. After the washing-up is finished, Sherlock sits in his chair, tuning his violin, helping John with his abandoned crossword, until he's driven crazy by the sight of John's tongue stroking absentmindedly over his lips while he thinks, and they have another go at each other. This time, it's John on his knees. After Sherlock comes, John straddles him in his chair, and jerks himself off, coming all over Sherlock's belly. That's number five done.
to say no to Sherlock when he's allowing himself to be vulnerable because it's such a rare thing. John reminds himself that this is
"Thursday night," John says, his eyes flicking up to Gerald's, then skittering away again at what he finds there.
John continued to pet him until Mycroft stepped into his flat without knocking. Then John heard his landlady's voice and started to jump up to hide Sherlock.
"Come on your face?" Sherlock asks darkly, and John says, "Yes," and then he slides the back of his hand along the side of Sherlock's face, knuckles bumping against his cheekbone. "And that's why we should take it—"
"No!" Sherlock cries, looking horrified, and John raises his hands in a placating gesture and says, "Okay, don't get upset, I'm just—I'm just trying to understand
hot tunnel of John's body, hard enough that John must grab onto Sherlock's shoulders to avoid being thrown off. It's John's turn to look stunned as he's bumped up and down on Sherlock's cock, but when John wraps his hand around his own erection, and calls out Sherlock's name, Sherlock fucks him with delirious force. It's the first time Sherlock gets to watch John's face as he comes with Sherlock inside him, and it is a vision, a
"I woke you," Sherlock says hoarsely. They're still holding onto each other, heads pressed together.
The nurse pokes her head out of the curtain and yells for an EKG and, just like that, the A&E explodes into action. Mrs. Gonzales finally gets John's full attention as he gets to work making sure she doesn't die from a heart attack.
—not to laugh, but the look of utter horror on Sherlock's face, as it dangles from his hand is too hard to resist.
Chatsworth's eyes were on the sky where Sherlock's black wings were growing quickly smaller. "He won't go too far."
curling over his own, larger fingers, knitting them together. Sherlock smiles, does some more nuzzling, and drifts off to a barbiturate (and John) fueled sleep.
But when he really considered it, John realized that Sherlock wasn't a child, despite his innocence. It'd be sort of like bathing with one's dog. Without all the fur, that is.
"Oh, he's still my best friend. It only took about six months shagging Cyril to realize that I wanted true love and wasn't going to get it from him. He doesn't want a relationship, still. Doesn't believe in romance. For himself, that is. So long as he's got someone to shag and his friends, he feels fulfilled."
John crouched down and grabbed him by the shoulders. "Sherlock. You need to take a deep breath. Breathe with me
once thought incapable, that puts the last crack in John's glued together heart, reminding him of how he felt when Sherlock first came home, in those moments when he could see that Sherlock felt a little dead inside, and tried so hard to mask it, and John felt so fucking helpless, he thought his chest might cave in, that it might be
"Really," Gerald says conversationally, the sarcasm underlying it thick as blood. "Tell me then—did this reunion hand job happen
—" even as it comes out of him coated in derision, it stings, "—everyone, and expose all your secrets, and then everyone will hate him."
Sherlock's kiss is so thoroughly distracting, that John doesn't even realize his pants are down around his thighs until Sherlock says, "Off," and tugs on them. John steps back dazedly, and pushes them all the way down, and straightens up for another kiss, but still has one leg of his pants caught around his ankle, so he kicks his leg out behind him, sending the pants flying against the wardrobe.
talented, so the look on Gerald's face is positively heartbreaking. John makes a sympathetic face and then looks at his watch. It's almost six in the morning.
John marched down the stairs to the kitchen and nearly bowled over the cook. Red-faced and apologetic, John asked for a cup of tea. The cook told him to sit in the dining room and she'd bring through a pot of tea and some breakfast.
Sherlock hardly spent any time in here except to sleep, which he only did rarely, and to dress. Okay – he did spend a lot of time dressing. John used to chide him for his vanity. John stands back up and puts the red rubber ball in his pocket. He walks to Sherlock's wardrobe and opens it. There's a bag from the cleaners that John picked up for him yesterday. Sherlock asked him to pick it up. It doesn't make sense for Sherlock to ask John to pick up his dry cleaning when he knows he's going to kill himself the next day.
"I think we can keep her at bay for at least twenty-four hours, Sherlock," John says with an annoyed air. "I'll answer the door in nothing but my pants and tell her Gerald is waiting for me in bed. She'll shove them in my hand and run for her flat."
"My goodness, you bruised it pretty badly. That's quite swollen," John says. "Let's get you home and get some ice on it."
"I'll have to text you the list of the stuff I need from the shops, I didn't have a chance—I've not—"
This moment is, without a doubt, the most intimate he has ever shared with another human being. Sherlock has had sex with dozens of people (unless one's definition of sex is penetration only), but he has never felt more naked and vulnerable than he does now.
each other, your presence is, unfortunately, required for us to go over the particulars of the upcoming press conference, or did you forget?" Mycroft glares at Sherlock as he says the last three words. "Seeing as how Greg and I actually had to
"No, I mean in Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs, sex is one of the physiological needs. So, you see, I physiologically need to have sex with you."
, John? What does he have that I don't, that he can walk in the door after everything he did to you—he left you
John trails his nose down Sherlock's cock through his pants, burying his nose into the crease of Sherlock's thigh. He closes his eyes, and pulls in a deep, shuddering inhalation, moaning hoarsely. Sherlock's mouth falls open, and something shockingly like a whimper escapes him. John chuckles breathily and then uses the flat of his tongue to move even further down, against the underside of Sherlock's balls, and then he licks back up between them, and then around each individual testicle, and finally up to the root of his cock. Sherlock's breathing is uneven, and his knuckles ache from digging his hands into the mattress. His arse cheeks are clenched tightly together. In fact, his whole body is wound tight as a spring. John stiffens his tongue and brushes it in a zigzag pattern all the way up to the tip of Sherlock's penis, which he suckles gently through the damp cotton of Sherlock's pants.
"Well, I must confess that when I was first given this assignment I wasn't very thrilled. But now that I've met you, I'm looking forward to getting to know you. And Sherlock, of course."
Sherlock drops his hands to his sides and steps back, his demeanor suddenly cool. "You seem to have a lot of those lately," he says stiffly.
It takes fourteen seconds from the moment that John gets to his feet to the moment he slams the door, and then he is standing in front of Sherlock, and he's doing the only thing he can think to do. If this evil memory is strong enough to capture Sherlock in its grip, then John's grip will be stronger. This man is his responsibility. This man is
John grabs his pad of paper and a pen and starts writing his list for things he needs Gerald to pick up. The embassy doctors gave Sherlock ten days of an antibiotic because of all the open wounds. It's the same thing John would have prescribed. The anti-fungal, antibiotic creams, and lidocaine is fine so John won't need to change any of those.
"John, this is—please try to be understanding with him," Mycroft says carefully. "I don't want to betray his trust by telling you what he's hiding."
"If you like," Gerald calls back. "You don't have to, though. Why don't you pick a bottle of wine from the wine rack and open it up for us?"
"Gimme a sec; I'm just going to put these in my office," Gerald says and smiles at John, that heart arresting grin that John has become victim to sometime in the past three or four hours.
He's interrupted by Mycroft loudly clearing his throat. "We can discuss the press conference on Monday, when John will be home all day. I'll be off then. Goodnight, Sherlock—John," he says, nodding to each in turn.
Sherlock stiffens almost as soon as John lays his hand on the back of his neck. John's mind and body are moving slow and heavy with lust, and it seems like there's a moment when John could have stopped the flashback by removing his hand, but the time between realizing what he needs to do and executing the action might as well be none at all. John yanks his hand back, but he's already lost Sherlock.
Chatsworth's mouth opened, then closed. He frowned. "When you put it like that, yes, it does seem rather counterintuitive. Generally, if the new monarch is underage, they have a Regent, someone who essentially makes the decisions and acts as monarch. Like a placeholder. Except one with the power of the crown."
"Yes, he seems to prefer male voices to female ones, which is just shit luck for him, poor doll. Did you hold him?"
“To Sherlock,” Cyril says, holding the glass of champagne up high. “For coming back from the dead. Because if he hadn’t, our partners would still be stuck with each other rather than where they belong.”
"I want to work lube into your hole, opening it up for me so that when I breach your body, you can hear the slick squelch as my cock stretches the walls of your rectum, making way for me. I love a slow, filthy fuck, to make it last long enough that we need another round of lube. I want to bend you in half, and fuck you so hard that a grunt is forced out of you every time I drive my hips forward and split your body with my cock."
"You just thought you'd bloody well not answer the phone when your therapist called you three times, and I called you the whole way home on the fucking tube? Where is your fucking phone anyway?"
John feels like his infidelity is burned onto his skin and clothes, that Gerald should be able to smell it on him, and braces for a slap. But instead, Gerald just cups John's face and kisses his cheek.
John's body eases into this skin the way he used to ease his way into a woman's body, the way he used to ease his hand into someone's guts to save their life because it was what he
"Hm, we probably should," John murmurs, brushing Gerald's hair aside to put his now free mouth and tongue to good use along Gerald's neck.
Sherlock doesn’t bother undressing. He unfastens his trousers and pushes trousers and pants down to mid-thigh, pulls on a condom, squeezes some gel on it and then pushes into Blaine with one vicious thrust. Blaine cries out, and Sherlock stops, worried he’s been too rough. The look on Blaine’s face is ecstasy and his hands scrabble for purchase on Sherlock’s biceps. Blaine calls out the name of a man who doesn’t exist and that makes fucking him easier for Sherlock. He’s Colin Green right now and Mr. Green doesn’t know Dr. Watson and, therefore, has no reason to feel guilty for fucking a man who runs in human trafficking.
John has often compared the voices of Gerald and Sherlock. They both have deep voices, but where Sherlock's was a rumbling almost-bass, Gerald's is a clear baritone. Gerald's voice is sweet; Sherlock's voice was sultry.
"John," Sherlock murmurs weakly, his teeth clicking together, so that John's name comes out sounding
Gerald's hands drop to his side and he steps back. His face shutters; he's wary but not suspicious. The situation is salvageable.
"Tell me what you want," Sherlock says, lowering his head to lick along the waistband of John's pants. "You can have anything you want from me."
"You think you're funny, but you're really not," Sherlock says, and John says, "That's my line, actually," and Sherlock kisses him. John pulls back, and Sherlock stops him, one arm around him, the other holding the back of his head tight, and he whispers, "I need you to stop doing what
), after having ended his relationship with Gerald, and Sherlock is at least partially if not completely at fault. Sherlock's very existence has always made it difficult for John to date
"Or you could just not put your tail around my leg when I'm standing up since usually standing leads to walking."
Sherlock doesn't however, and throws out his hands and says, "For god's sake, what could possibly need cleaning right now that takes precedence over me fucking you?"
"Yes, I don't need to be told more than once." Sherlock sighs deeply, and dutifully steps forward to his mark. He no longer feels like the man that London met through John's blog. That man was arrogant, and lacking in compassion. The opinion of the press was meaningless to him, but now he needs to get it
Because of Zivko's suicide, Sherlock is air-lifted out of the hell that is Serbia thirty-two days after being captured.
"You've always just taken what you wanted. Why am I any different?" John says with a pained, disbelieving laugh. He throws his arms wide in challenge, and then brings his hands in to tap roughly at his chest. "You want me? Well, here I am! Take me!"
But then Sherlock widens his thighs even further and uses the hand cupping John's arse to pull them closer together. John can feel the hard line of Sherlock's erection against his thigh, and Sherlock is almost
While trying to gather information on the top man in the trafficking ring, Sherlock is found out. He's pegged as an assassin sent to take down this man, Zoran Brankovich. Sherlock runs. The army follows and the Serbian army isn't a slapdash affair like they were in the nineties. They have infrared devices, highly trained strike teams, including canine search teams with dogs that can follow a trail for days at a time.
. It's not just that, however—John's infidelity is the cause of the breakup, and Sherlock is to blame for John's infidelity.
Sherlock is holding a creamy white envelope in his hands, staring at the address before turning it around and proceeding to begin ripping into it.
"Yes. Madly in love, it turns out. I wouldn't have started anything with Gerald otherwise. It's not a matter of using Gerald as a replacement for this man. He was never coming back, and I had no idea where to find him even if that had been an option. So, I moved on and fell in love with Gerald, and I would've spent the rest of my life with him. I know this sounds hokey, but Sh—I mean this other man, well—he’s the love of my life, you know?"
John and Sherlock drive up on the Wednesday before the weekend reception and spend two days wallowing in carnal indulgence interrupted by the occasional foray into the village for something to eat. On the Friday, Rebecca and Jasper arrive before noon, followed by Bernie and Olivia an hour later. Early evening sees the six of them, as requested, on the terrace of Cyril's parents’ house waiting for the two grooms. Everyone cheers when they walk out. Gerald's eyes land on John and his smile softens. The two of them are inextricably linked, and find in each other an inexplicable comfort that they don't get from their respective partners. It took many long months for Sherlock and Cyril to get over their jealousy, and accept this closeness between their partners. As John had explained it,
, in the bed John and Gerald have shared and it's not fair because this was never supposed to happen. John made peace with that six months ago standing at Sherlock's grave with an empty baggie in his hand.
John stares at Sherlock for a moment, and Sherlock can see, playing out in John's eyes, the idea of making a fuss about it, what he's likely to gain, realizing he doesn't want to, and making the decision not to.
Gerald walks around to the other side of the bed. John can hear Gerald pulling something heavy out from under the bed. A box is opened and John hears the thud of something small, but heavy, and the clink of a chain—much heavier than a chain you'd wear around your neck, but still very fine. It makes a tinkling noise. Then a cuff is fastened around John's left wrist, there’s a tug, and the delicate clink of the chain—John can't see, only feel—and then another cuff around his right wrist, the sound of the chain, the tug of it going through a ring on the cuff and then his wrists are pulled down towards the floor and attached to something.
John hears the drawer shut, and he moves his hands off his face to see Sherlock staring at him, mouth slightly open, and says, "What?" not meaning it to sound so challenging. He tries not to look down at the collection of items on the bed, but can't help it, and when he looks back up, Sherlock is glaring at him.
John walks into the flat, drops his bag, toes off his shoes, pulls off his jacket and hangs it up. He doesn't look at Sherlock.
Sherlock was willing to seduce John in order to keep their friendship intact. He's confused right now and desperate to maintain the
John assures her that Sherlock knew she loved him. She was the only person John ever saw Sherlock be physically affectionate with.
"But you're saying that, since I saw you last, you haven't 1) put on clothes; 2) eaten anything; or 3) slept?"
Sherlock growled at him, then trotted towards John's chair, curling up on the seat with his teething toy. The smacking, satisfied groans coming from him were distracting. And slightly disgusting, too. John grimaced as slimy dragon hatchling drool slid down Sherlock's chin and dripped onto John's chair.
"That's none of your business," Sherlock snaps, before turning his head to face the mantle, his heart battering against the cage of his ribs. There's something heavy and painful settling in his throat and stomach.
"And then I got shot. And it got infected and I've got nerve damage in my shoulder and I had a psychosomatic limp in my leg and the army sent me home. They gave me everything then took it all away again. Well, they handed me a therapist and a shitty pension as recompense for kicking me out of the army."
"Now, before you take off—" John began, thinking he would discuss with Sherlock how long he could fly, how far he could go, how to find his way back, and so forth—but he didn't get the chance to say the rest.
John turned on the taps and then ensured the bedroom door and the bathroom door that opened onto the hallway were both locked. Sherlock reared up on his hind legs, hooking his front paws over the edge of the bathtub as he watched the water pool inside.
Mycroft shook his head. "I don't recommend it. Hatching makes them hungry and it's important they eat right away."
John, it turns out, needs no reminding. He yanks the condom off of Sherlock's cock, flicks it onto the floor, and then takes it in hand, his thumb and forefinger teasing Sherlock's foreskin. Sherlock's toes begin to curl, and his arse clenches, while his hips try to thrust his cock into a nonexistent hole. John sits back on his knees, tilts his face up to the ceiling, exposing the whole long column of his throat, and his thumb and forefinger go up, down, up again, and
"I don't know how to trust you," John says, and pulls his lips in over his teeth. He shakes his head, and Sherlock watches in dismay as John gets off the bed and makes for the door.
"I just need to—" Sherlock continues, his breath catching on the words. "I know I can make you feel—does he make you feel like this? Because I can, too. I know you want me, John. I've known that for two years. I want you to love me, too."
John shrugs because, yeah—after the confident dissection of the fight in Gerald's calm therapist-voice, John realizes how completely he overreacted.
"It's a bath," John said with a flourish in his voice. "You're going to go in there so I can clean you up."
Zivko nods and undoes his trousers. Sherlock drops to his knees and takes Zivko's flaccid penis in his mouth and in just a few minutes, Zivko is hard. When he starts to grab Sherlock's hair and his legs begin to shake, Sherlock pulls off. The lipstick that the guards made Sherlock wear looks like blood on Zivko's penis.
"You've gone a bit goofy again," Rebecca says, annoyed and a bit petulant. "I thought you'd be the least moony out of the two of you—"
For about ten seconds, nothing happened but then Chatsworth's eyes snapped open and focused on John. Even from that far away, there was something not quite human about Chatsworth's eyes. John resisted the urge to step back.
Rebecca takes a deep breath. John looks up at her face. Her lips are pursed. She's looking him over, a frown over her forehead. She smiles wistfully.
John lurched up in bed with a gasp. At least, he tried to, but there was a dragon hatchling standing on his chest.
"John," Sherlock said in the tone that implied he seriously doubted John's intelligence. "How can I fail to notice you're gone when you are, in fact,
"I'm sorry," John says again, but Gerald never looks up, never even acknowledges John spoke. He finds himself out on the pavement, watching Gerald's front door close quietly in his face.
I'm going to come before you can launch any of the goddamn lube inside me if you keep talking that way."
hesitated for ninety fucking seconds. For all intents and purposes, this man is his responsibility, and he has just left him open and vulnerable on the battlefield for
"God, I'm sorry, Sherlock, I wasn't thinking," John says. "Let me look at you. Wait, let's go into the kitchen. I need to get a good look at you."
"This plan of Mycroft's is unnecessarily dramatic. Of course, what else could I have expected from the world's stuffiest
"I want you to fuck me," Sherlock murmurs, leaning forward to part John's lips with his tongue. John kisses him back, his hips making tiny upward movements, but then John gently pushes him away, and says, "No," and then, "I have to pee. And your breath stinks." Sherlock frowns, and retorts, "So does yours."
name on it," he says with a self-righteous twist of his lips, and then turns the envelope back over to the front and reads out, "'Dr. John Watson and Mr. Sherlock Holmes."
written by a doctor, and he's been meaning to start it. He turns on his tablet, pulls up the book, and takes a bite of his shepherd's pie. But he can't get it out of his head—what would Sherlock Holmes find kinky?
He retched. He found himself off kilter, a blank space where his memory of how he'd gotten here should be. Why was there luggage at his feet? Why was he so sick?
Sherlock's head craned around on his long neck to look at John. His eyebrow ridges pulled together in an eerily human expression. "You
he wouldn't be able to stop himself if Sherlock initiated another sexual encounter, and that's the last thing Sherlock needs. What Sherlock
"It sounds to me like you're hurt, deeply so, because your bloke had the audacity to get over you after he thought you'd died, and you're heartbroken. You sacrificed yourself for his safety, and came home to find he'd left you behind. You can’t blame PTSD for being in love with John. What you
over and over again, his body shuddering with a pleasure so extreme it almost feels as though it's happening to someone else. John opens his eyes, and looks up at Sherlock. A drop of cum slips off his chin, and Sherlock stares at his gorgeous
to post rather than taking my time to work it out. As a result, I've always felt those chapters were part of a completely different story, and longed to remove them, but was too cowardly.
," Sherlock says. In his mouth, the name is a lament and he loosens his hold on John's hands so he can cradle John's head in his hands. He brings their foreheads together and repeats John's name over and over until the nightmare begins to ease out of his bones. John reaches up to cup his cheeks and he murmurs
, and been unable to concentrate on anything until John would stumble in a few hours later, smelling of beer, but not sex, and Sherlock could breathe easy again.)
"Yeah! Sort of like mine, but I ain't lost no weight, you know. Would be nice to. Unless it were lung cancer or—"
He goes downstairs to take a shower, and make tea, which he then takes back upstairs. He sits down at the desk in the bedroom. The whole room is depressingly character-free, considering that John slept in it for eighteen months. Sherlock had been expecting a John-ish aura to pervade the room, a golden, cozy-warm net in which to nurse his bruised body and heart, but whatever presence John had in this room is gone.
John steps over to the table next to his chair and picks up his phone. He makes sure Sherlock can see him. He pulls Mycroft's info up on his phone and rings him.
"Oh, eventually. She asked me to come down for mid-term so I did and she sat me down and explained herself. She said she'd always believed she knew her children better than anyone else did, even better than they knew themselves, and it was a shock for her to discover she didn't know me as well as she thought. She said in hindsight, it was obvious. I'd never dated any girls, never asked one out, never talked about girls. I'd never talked about boys, either, to be fair. It was painful for her, I think. She felt like she'd not been a proper mum, like she'd made me feel she would judge me for liking boys."
"It'll be a big cage, Sherlock, but it'll be a tight fit with your tail. You'll have to wrap your tail around your middle so you can get into the cage. Once we're in the van, you can come out."
"John, I'm sorry, I had to leave. Moriarty had a sniper on you and he would've shot you if they didn't see me jump. Then Moriarty killed himself—"
and John has a new fear—that he'll chicken out before Sherlock gets back, just like he chickened out before Sherlock died and he thought he'd lost his chance. He said then he would never let fear stop him from grabbing something he wanted.
There's silence for a few moments and then John asks about Zivko, his thumb rubbing soothing circles along the inside of Sherlock's forearm. There's a patch of the fungal infection on Sherlock's right thigh and it's itching like mad, a counterpoint to the soothing movement of John's thumb. Sherlock surreptitiously scratches at it with the binding around his wrist. He takes a deep breath and lets it out.
John stares over Gerald's head, his mind whirring. He runs his tongue over his bottom lip in an unconscious gesture and doesn't realize he's doing it until he hears the tiny sound of arousal that comes out of Gerald's mouth. John's eyes flick down to Gerald. John only then realizes Gerald is naked and he's partially hard. John's own erection has flagged slightly, not out of disinterest, but because he's trying to process all this new information without losing focus on the reason they're down here in the first place.
"No, it's I who is greedy," Sherlock says, leaning over John to look up at Bernie. "I'm afraid I can't part with John, not even for Milton."
"I trust you completely, John," Sherlock answers truthfully. "It's not your trustworthiness in question on this matter."
John hasn't spoken much about Gerald. The dossier Mycroft put together on John's friends is really all he knows about them.
John's body eases into this skin the way he used to ease his way into a woman's body, the way he used to ease his hand into someone's guts to save their life because it was what he
Then Mycroft clears his throat and the two of them turn to face him again. Mycroft opens a leather folder. "I've kept in touch with Gregory Lestrade while you were away. Despite being demoted to Detective Sergeant, he's remarkably loyal to you." Mycroft lifts his eyes and flicks them to John before looking back down at his notes. "He, in turn, has officers loyal to
Then he ignores his own directive by leaning over ever so slightly and nuzzling against the crotch of Gerald's trousers. Gerald's back shields them from anyone who might see unless they were to come around the front. He licks a line up the fly of Gerald's trousers.
"Then take me," John says, his voice coming out sleepy-sexy, his hand dragging down Gerald's waist and then over the swell of his hip and back up his waist again.
"You wanted me to touch you," John says, pushing himself up on his elbows—his sassy tongue keeps poking the inside of his lip, and stroking along it, his grin brazen—and there's a challenge in his eyes. The watery sun coming through Sherlock's windows feels like it was made to backlight John. He couldn't look better if an artist had laid him out, and something about the moment breaks something in Sherlock's chest.
? I feel like I don't know you anymore! I keep expecting you to suddenly wake up as your old self, and then I'll be relegated to the sidekick position again. What happens when you're taking cases again, when you have your puzzles and mysteries to solve?"
. Why are you so embarrassed to talk about bodies? It's normal for a young dragon to be intensely curious about the human body. They know they'll change from dragon to human at some point and they want to compare the parts they have now with the corresponding parts they'll have on their human body."
He and Gerald work out enough details that Gerald feels confident he won't let anything slip, and they both feel confident they can keep well-meaning, but nosy friends away from the flat and held at bay for now.
"Christ," John said, scrubbing his hand over his face. "It's when a person inserts—you know what? How about we start with holding hands and hugging."
Mycroft comes to see him a few days after the funeral. John makes tea but neither man speaks until John hands Mycroft his cup and saucer. (A cup and saucer for Mycroft but a plain mug for John.)
"I've sent a list to Gerald of things to get. I'm going to make you a smoothie three times a day, in addition to what you eat. Each one will have a combination of protein powder, vitamin powder, flax or hemp seeds, phytoplankton powder, frozen fruit, and coconut or almond milk. I want you to gain at least two pounds a week until you're closer to one-sixty. I'm gonna get you on the scale here in a few minutes to see exactly how much you weigh."
(Sherlock is reminded of all the times John and Greg chatted about football or rugby at crime scenes, or—worse—about John's current girlfriend, and Greg's marital problems. Sherlock had watched them then with a brutal jealousy that frustrated him without end. He'd known, of course, that he felt something for John—physical attraction if nothing else—and he'd also known that Greg and John were both bisexual, and Greg's marriage was on the rocks. He could easily see John and Greg on one of their pub nights, maybe having had one too many, agreeing to share a cab, knowing Greg's stop would be John's, too, even though they'd only obliquely hinted at seeking comfort in each other. Then, John coming home in the morning, rumpled, and smelling of beer and sex, trying to mask his guilt and fear of discovery from Sherlock. Until Moriarty had become a genuine problem, Sherlock had dreaded the words,
"Yeah," John says. Without realizing it, he's crept further into the kitchen and out of Sherlock's line of sight. He's standing next to the fridge in front of the window and Sherlock's in his chair in the living room.
Gerald stands in the doorway, an expectant but not impatient look on his face. John stands on the pavement, feeling like an idiot.
The agents who pull Sherlock out of his restraints, where Danilo (now dead) was beating him with his belt, dislocate Sherlock's shoulder in their haste to get in and out again without causing an international incident. Once they're in the air, a medic stabs Sherlock with a morphine syrette and with the help of two agents, performs a closed reduction to pop the head of Sherlock's humerus back into place. He puts it in a sling and then does as much as he can to fix Sherlock up before they land.
After that, their fortyish bodies catch up with them. They lie on the furniture like clocks from Dali's
"Sorry, I—" It's several more seconds before Sherlock speaks again. "I'm tired, Mycroft. I need to lie down."
John checks his mobile at least once an hour throughout the day, but Sherlock never texts back. Despite his anger at Sherlock, and the bitter end to his relationship with Gerald, John loves Sherlock more than he's ever loved anyone in his life. Gerald was right—the minute Sherlock walked in the door that night, his relationship with Gerald was over.
Sherlock gestures him to scoot further up the bed, and John complies, his arousal plain now. He's not fully erect, but when Sherlock hooks his arms under John's legs, and spreads them wide, John's dick visibly hardens while Sherlock stares with impatient hunger at the feast below him. Then Sherlock hooks John's knees over his shoulders before getting down on his forearms. He roughly spreads John's cheeks, taking several long seconds just to enjoy the rumpled pink circle of his anus. With a groan, he buries his face in John's arse, and licks John's hole over and over again with the flat of his tongue. John makes beautiful noises above him, whimpering and moaning, but holding himself rigid until Sherlock raises his head to look at John's heavy-lidded, passion-hungry eyes, and says, "I want you to fuck your arse down on my face, and I want to hear
, and John throws his head back and howls with laughter. It echoes all over the bathroom and that makes Gerald do his
Sherlock's face lit up, and he wrapped his tail around John's waist, a gesture John realized was one way Sherlock showed his affection.
With Gerald, he lets his passion flare, doesn't have to constantly examine what he's doing and worry it's too much, too fast, too soon. He trusts Gerald to stop him if he needs to.
"No, God, don't apologize, you look fucking gorgeous. It took all my willpower not to fuck you ten minutes ago."
With that, he hopped up onto John's chair and settled in with his bone. Chatsworth had been right—that bone seemed to give Sherlock relief from both the pain and drooling.
me to fuck you," Sherlock says, his voice growly and mean-sounding. His dick is so hard, he might just rub himself off against John's thigh, and then at least he could stop
"Huh," John says, his face unreadable. He blinks his eyes a few times, tilts his head, then opens his mouth to say something.
"I was thinking," John says, eyeballing the t-shirt and pajamas as though he's afraid they might jump out and bite him. "It might be easier if you were to wear a button down shirt. It would make it easier to get in and out of your shirt and give you some independence. You'd have to leave the cuffs unbuttoned because of your wrist, but you could roll up the sleeves. It won't be very fashionable wearing a button down with pajama bottoms, but, um, I'm sure you don't want me having to dress and undress you all the time."
Sherlock turns his phone off, stuffs it into a drawer upstairs in the second bedroom, and then goes downstairs, curls up on John's side of the bed, and wants to weep at the sweet smell of John's body. He should've insisted he and John have sex in
"Oh, is that right? You expect me to just accept your word after you came strolling uninvited into my flat with your fancy umbrella and your brainless thugs and
Rebecca smirks. "They just never talked about it again and they were too blinded by how they felt to see that the other felt it, too."
Danilo ratchets up the psychological abuse of Zivko now that he has something concrete to use against the boy. They call Zivko every creative name for homosexual they can think of. They threaten to tell his mother. They ask him if he wants to have alone time with his
For ninety seconds, he watches Sherlock, but Sherlock's eyes stare right through him, even though they appear to be tracking something behind him, and John turns around as though something is actually
He jumps out of bed calling Sherlock's name. John's heart feels like a rock being slammed against the cage of bones protecting it as though it thinks itself a prisoner. It feels like it might pulverize his bones in the end, and a flash of memory blinds him—him, curled on his side on the freshly overturned soil of Sherlock's grave. It hits him, like running into a wall, that all those times he had lain on the ground for hours, thinking it was Sherlock's body beneath him, there was only dirt that went down, down, down to the rocky surface of the earth, instead of cradling the body of the man who had dashed his head on the pavement outside St. Bart's, and took everything that mattered to John—everything that would ever matter to John—with him.
Sherlock is uncharacteristically shy, which means every person here comes up to John at some point and says a variation of,
"I'm Gerald," the man says, reaching out his hand over the two stools separating them. He looks amused. The tips of John's ears turn pink.
Then John stands up, runs to the kitchen, comes back with something—a square of foil. He guides Sherlock back to his chair, pushes him down, peels the backing off the foil square, and holds it to Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock knows what he's supposed to do. He pushes his tongue out of his mouth
John says, "You're gonna fuck me right now. Really," with his eyes dancing with alarm and excitement, and Sherlock wants to ravage him, wants to absolutely
and he rushes to speak. "I meant, you wouldn't have been comfortable having unprotected sex with me—including oral—until my three month blood panel came back, which means you bought these assuming we would be having sex soon."
"Oh, darling," Gerald murmurs. "It's the manly ones who need to sub. I'm not asking you to sub 24/7. I have no intentions of hijacking your autonomy. My only desire in being your Dom is to help you learn about yourself. And also, the orgasms are spectacular."
, but she only cups Sherlock's face between her hands and stares, a joyous smile on her lips and eyes that continually well up and over, then down her cheek.
"You're in for a tongue-lashing when you get home, eh, John?" Lestrade asks, grinning after Sherlock.
"I'm sorry," John whispers, leaning his forehead against Gerald's. "Do you want to try to go back to sleep? I can give you a painkiller and it'll make you a bit drowsy. Easier to sleep; two birds with one stone and all that. And I won't think you're not a proper man for not pushing through the pain."
His kitchen looked like a murder scene. He picked up a rag and spray cleaner to decontaminate his kitchen table and floor. Turning around, his eyes caught on Sherlock. The very tip of his tail was twitching back and forth like he was dreaming.
"I don't know how to trust you," John says, and pulls his lips in over his teeth. He shakes his head, and Sherlock watches in dismay as John gets off the bed and makes for the door.
"I'll give you two ibuprofens. I don't want to give you narcotic pain medicine more often than every six hours. Speaking of which, should I be worried about addiction?"
"Yes, that was the information I withheld. The crate was intended for Mrs. Hudson. She has been in service to my family for decades and was, until today, the only person I trusted to care for a newly hatched dragon. She will be a great help to you until Sherlock is functioning independently as a human."
Gerald smooths the tips of his two middle fingers over John's brow and down his cheekbone and around his jaw and then his hand picks up speed, his whole palm sliding around John's neck to his nape and then John is being kissed roughly and Gerald, who works his arms every day beating people, puts his arms around John and flips him onto his back.
, Sherlock said and then grilled John on a new topic—the necessity of social interaction among humans and whether or not lizards behaved in the same way in the wild, which then led to an explanation of
Gerald takes the single step necessary to put them toe to toe and then uses the two inches of height he has on John to his advantage, by looming close, forcing John to take a step back. He's trembling and John, misinterpreting the cause of his trembling, reaches out to touch him, to reassure him, but Gerald slaps his hand away.
John threw his hands up in exasperation. "Why does everyone assume that? In case you've never paid attention while at
, but what comes out is a confession. He tells John everything—about the abuse, the deprivation, the box, the rapes—all of it except Zivko.
There are two things Serbia taught him—one, don't take sleep or food for granted. Two—he can be hurt here just as easily as he was there. The difference is that here he's not alone. He'll never be alone so long as he has John.
. John's Captain Watson persona shouldn't be arousing to Sherlock—someone who never follows orders as a matter of principle, even if said order is to his benefit—but it is. Sherlock remembers Baskerville and John pulling rank on the young soldier.
He trotted down the stairs and knocked on the door of his landlady, Mrs. Hudson. He waited, but nobody answered his knock. With a huff of frustrated breath, John mounted the stairs to his flat and made himself a cup of tea. Then he sat in his chair and stared at the crate. In the end, curiosity overcame him and with a butter knife and some elbow grease, he levered up the lid.
hesitated for ninety fucking seconds. For all intents and purposes, this man is his responsibility, and he has just left him open and vulnerable on the battlefield for
John turns his face back into the pillow, and hears the wet, squelching sounds of lube being pumped into the little bowl, and then silence, and then he hears Sherlock, breathing heavily, but not moving behind him, and asks, "What's going on?" and Sherlock says, "Shut up, I'm thinking," and John asks, "What on earth is there to think about? You've done this befo—" and Sherlock says, "I'm
"Look, it's about compromise. You know this—it's basic relationship stuff. You and I—our relationship wouldn't have worked without talking to each other and trying to meet halfway."
The water comes out mostly clear so two washes is all he needs. He turns the shower on, washes the bulb and tip with hot soapy water and puts it all away to dry on a towel in the lavatory cabinet. Then he washes his hands again and brushes his teeth while the shower is heating up.
"No, you need to stay here for a couple of days until you're shifting is stable," Chatsworth said. He gave John a
John says, "Okay," managing not to sound like he's crying (though he is, shamelessly). "I'm going to cover you up with this duvet behind you, look at my hands, see? They're moving behind you, and this duvet right here—look, Sherlock, please—okay it's coming up behind you now, over your shoulders, and there you go." John crouches in front of him, tucking the duvet in, only letting himself stay connected to Sherlock through a single point of contact—his hand cupped lightly against Sherlock's knee. (Like it fucking matters—like they aren't already connected at a cellular level, but it makes John feel better, dammit).
"It'll have to be the weekend, then," she says with a long-suffering sigh, meaning Thursday through Sunday.
"Sherlock, stand back there with John and just watch," Chatsworth said, holding a hand to halt them. He continued walking until he was about ten meters away. "I'm big!" he shouted by way of explanation. "Now Sherlock— when you shift, you have to
Gerald breaks out in a cackling laugh that's so out of context with his gentle, classy exterior that John joins in the laughter even as he's poking Gerald in the ribs, annoyed.
Despite being the size of a house and terrifying, Chatsworth managed to look guilty. "It's a little disconcerting for most born-humans because magic is— well, it's not
John's no longer using his grip on Sherlock's biceps to push him away and is, instead, holding on for dear life and then Sherlock's thumb circles John's slit, then rubs underneath his glans against the frenulum and John comes. Momentarily color and light burst behind his eyelids, which are squeezed shut, and John thinks of Gerald coming to fetch the prescriptions, of making love to him earlier in this bed, Gerald sweet and pliant beneath him. Sherlock has—has
John asked, setting his plate down on the table and crossing his arms. "If he gets on the Internet, there's no telling what shitstorm he'll rain down on our heads!"
"You wouldn't like it," Sherlock says, and even though his hands are still poised over the keyboard like he's about to start typing at any time, John knows all of Sherlock's laser intense focus is centered on him.
"I feel like I'm lecturing you, but I've never been involved with someone who was straight for their entire life."
"I said give me ten minutes. Kneeling in the bean bin isn't going to count towards those ten minutes, just so you know."
"I'm tempted to take a snap with my phone," John says, absently running the tip of his tongue over his bottom lip.
"A place. Is that where you take all the men you're trying to seduce? You have a secret sin palace?"
The thought of sitting in a tub, naked, with Sherlock made John very uncomfortable. "I can't take a bath with you."
"Did you think I didn't want you?" John asks, his voice no longer laughing, his brows drawing together in puzzlement.
"Yeah, it's just—it's been a huge adjustment. It'll be weeks before I get used to seeing him around the flat. I can't talk long, but I wanted to let you know that I told Janie at work that I was trying to get Harry into rehab and needed a week off. I texted Rebecca the same thing 'cause she was worried about me."
Sherlock scowled but was immediately distracted by Chatsworth's efficient unveiling of his body. "Oh, you're very
John checks his mobile at least once an hour throughout the day, but Sherlock never texts back. Despite his anger at Sherlock, and the bitter end to his relationship with Gerald, John loves Sherlock more than he's ever loved anyone in his life. Gerald was right—the minute Sherlock walked in the door that night, his relationship with Gerald was over.
"You know, the thing that really bothers me the most—other than the fact I don't know what your plans are for Sherlock—is that you took an infant creature (and you're the one that called it an infant in your notes)—a
have guessed it—if there's one person who could come back from the dead, it was Sherlock Holmes. I, I wasn't surprised, you see. I mean, I
I opened dragon!lock for the first time in over a year today and looked over what I had for the last chapter. In order to assuage my guilt for the rampant and viral writer's block I've been suffering, I decided to break the chapter in two and give you what I've had since I posted my last chapter. Yes, it's been sitting here for over a year and, yes, that means I could've posted it at any time but I had high hopes that my writer's block would end "any day now!" It's been a terrible year, but I won't go into that. I have written one paragraph of the next chapter so you might see chapter 13 some time in 2024.
"All right, then," John says and avoids Gerald's eyes because he knows if they lock eyes again, he'll collapse in laughter.
"Um, yeah. I mean, we get to talk about it first, though, right?" John asks. Gerald is silent, staring at John with narrowed eyes so John adds, "Your eyes are kind of scary right now. Say something."
"You can't!" Sherlock says, running to intercept him. He grabs John by the shoulders. "This is too important!"
Sherlock was trying desperately to get John to stay home. "What if Mycroft steals me away while you're gone?"
Out loud John said, "The dragon—" remembering the man who became a dragon. In the memory, John had had to turn away, couldn't watch the man change—
Sherlock should be surprised at the feeling of desire that unfurls low in his belly as Blaine’s tongue breaches his lips, but he’s not. Sherlock used to share Blaine’s method for acquiring lovers until John moved in. After that, Sherlock only allowed himself the rare one night stand. He knew from the moment they met that he was attracted to John, but it wasn't until Moriarty strapped the latest fashion in exploding outerwear on John that Sherlock realized he was in love with him. Sherlock hasn't slept with anyone since then.
John used the bottom of Sherlock's homemade bib to wipe some of the drool off his jaw. "Don't worry, love. There's nobody out there more charming or brilliant or perfectly suited to my personality than you."
"It depends on where they want to be hit. I don't hit genitals or breasts. Everything I do makes it clear to the client that this isn't a sexual act between them and myself. So that's just a hard limit for me. But, yeah, I have to be able to see their skin."
—was it possible the pain was lessening in intensity the more he recalled? Could he be winning against the spell?
"Yeah," Gerald says, licking his lips, unable to dampen his grin. "And, uh, I think you're gorgeous, too."
“Last night’s attack explains the contusions and sliced hand. It doesn’t explain why CCTV captures you pacing the Waterloo Bridge for three hours and fifty-two minutes until the sun went down, shouting at the sky one minute and staring down at the water the next. Nor does it explain why you attempted to
anymore. But if he had to, it was this, just this: surrendering for just a moment, and letting Sherlock hold him.
Sherlock knew what Mycroft thought—he hadn’t said it out loud yet, but Sherlock knew—and he refused to believe it. Besides, as his brother should have known, that theory did not account for
With a sigh, Sherlock returned to the sitting room. “That’s not my call. You’re the one who jumped.”
John swallowed the kiss and closed his eyes, contemplating what he might say. Then he gently rolled off Sherlock and lay at his side. But his eyes didn’t open.
They left him overnight in holding, all binds and gags in place, because no one could be bothered to process or interrogate him until morning. Technically, this wasn’t legal, but the system hated an Omega abuser, alleged or otherwise. Still, the hours alone gave Sherlock plenty of time to recall what had happened, and to consider his way forward.
John blinked. Raindrops struck his face, and though it was hard to keep his eyes open, he could see blue sky through broken gray clouds. The downpour was letting up rapidly. By the time he sat up—when had he ended up flat on his back?—it was barely a sprinkle.
Sherlock scooted closer. A soft hand reached for his neck, the fingers brushing across the skin, and that’s when John noticed it, the bruising ache, the soreness of broken skin. It was where Sherlock had bitten him last night. He hadn’t remembered it being painful, though. Rather, it had been the shock of pleasure that had immediately tipped him over the edge.
“Brain aneurysm,” said Sherlock, taking the phone back. His voice was neutral, a little stiff. “But you knew that already, didn’t you.”
“I am!” He scrubbed his face, grabbing hold of the reins of his temper. “But you must at least, you know . . .” When Sherlock apparently
he wished. (John groaned.) John had just figured . . . Well. He figured that if Sherlock were to love/desire/have anyone . . . it would be him.
John say something? John felt his heating blood darkening his cheeks, and as he blushed to the shade of a sunburn, Lestrade’s eyes widened in delight.
He had to open almost every cupboard to find where John stored everything he needed—cups, sugar bowl, milk, and chamomile tea packets. Then he set the kettle to boil, chewed a thumb waiting for the water to start bubbling, and by the time he had seeped the tea and added two sugars and milk, John was out of the shower, dressed, and coming back to the kitchen for an ice packet for his face. Sherlock handed him the tea.
She sighed. “My New Russian colleague uncovered some incredibly obscure writings by a 1980s metaphysicist out of Moscow named Serebryakov. Unpublished. And no wonder, there wasn’t much to back it up or colleagues willing to offer a positive peer review. But his theories run parallel to my own in some ways. Serebryakov believed in mind displacement, as I do. He based it on the paranormal supposition that the mind actually travels to alternate realities when sleeping, and can occupy or share space with a parallel version of oneself. Returning a mind to its original corpus is simply a matter of waking up.”
“Yes, I’m sure,” she said. She lifted her face to his and gave him a kiss. “Sherlock and John can go with
of her, if you know what I mean. Passcodes and all. Pretty damn impressive, even for you. You’re a quick study, you are. And yet.” He shrugged.
A growl began to build deep in Sherlock’s chest, which had begun to swell. He stalked purposefully toward the house, hoping he would meet Dr. Stapleton on the way.
“No no no, I still think you’re misunderstanding me. I’m not a Beta. I know I smell like one right now, and I even look like one! But I’m telling you, this isn’t me! As I indicated on the form. I just . . . Look, yesterday, something happened. I don’t know what. I can’t explain it, but my penis suddenly became . . . engorged, and my passageway closed up. It’s very uncomfortable, sir, I’m trying to explain, and my bond-mate wouldn’t even try to knot me.”
He took Sherlock’s face in his hands and angled it to meet him, then he pulled the skin down at the cheek to keep him from blinking.
“The puncture wound, John,” said Sherlock, a little impatiently. But by this point, John was shielding his eyes with a hand.
“Toby,” she said. And her eyes brightened at his interest. “I have a picture of him on my phone, if you’d like to see.”
. Quite, quite powerful. Frankly, I’ve never, erm . . . I’ve never felt anything like it. But it’s not just about, you know, satisfaction. It’s about caring for your partner.
Sherlock threw a look of disdain over his shoulder, and when he did, his eyes fell on the book resting on the small table beside John’s chair. His eyes snapped back to John’s, and he revolved completely to face him.
They pushed through an exit and into the cool night air where a car idled on the curb. A young man—another Alpha, by the smell of him—hopped out of the backseat and opened the door. “Right you are, Mr. Watson, Dr. Stapleton, we’re ready to go.”
sense. Which is why I feel like such an idiot for not seeing it coming. It’s like getting hit by a train and being surprised by it when you’ve been standing on the tracks for years. It was definitely coming, so how did I ignore all the bells and whistles?”
, to trying to get into a nightclub on his own, to trying to purchase alcohol, to being accosted on the bus. Mycroft had shown Sherlock
Sherlock tossed his hands, as though exasperated. “I don’t work alone, do I? I need an assistant. It’s more efficient that way.”
John stopped walking and pulled out his phone. By the time Sherlock noticed his companion was no longer at his side, John had pulled up a GPS map and was repositioning it over Spain and France.
. Probably the most interesting person he knew. What’s more, he was probably—most definitely—the person Sherlock cared for most in the world, and though that list was very, very short, that didn’t diminish the intensity of the sentiment. Sherlock cared for John, very much. He had once reasoned with himself, privately, after the pool incident, that if it ever came down to it, he would die for John. Gun to the head, no question about it, he would die for John.
He could feel her eyes focused on his facial wounds, and the blanket came down a few more inches, tucked beneath her chin.
The nurse was surprised to see him dressed, but he lied smoothly (he was getting good at that) and said he was just going to the waiting room for some magazines to read. She smiled and he walked on by, straight for the lifts. From there, it was easy to make his way out of the hospital, unimpeded. Soon, he was standing on the street, the cool morning air welcome in his lungs.
But Dad suddenly chucked him the ball. He caught it, and like he was programmed, he ran forward, his feet trying to run sideways and evade the tackle. But he had no purchase, not in the wet grass, not without his cleats. He slid. And even before he hit the ground, Dad caught him around the waist and drove him into it, the ball trapped under his stomach.
“True, my mistake.” John took a large bite, as though to stopper himself. But when he swallowed, he finished, “Boredom.”
“It was an experiment. For both of us, really. And he liked it. I liked it. It was good. Really good. He’s really good.”
At last, Sherlock straightened and pulled off the latex gloves. “She’s Irish, came to London for New Year’s Eve, had too much to drink, and stumbled into the street and got hit by an oncoming car. You can see flecks of windscreen glass in her hair. Also, the car was dark blue. It’ll have a cracked windscreen. Obviously. The driver panicked and dragged her broken body here, behind this Indian restaurant. Simple. Honestly, Lestrade, learn to detect, why don’t you?”
“Seven days,” Sherlock said softly, “before I kissed him. Nine days before we . . . did anything else.”
In the distance, they both heard it: midnight. The very first seconds of the new year rolled over London on the dark peal of a bell.
“It’s just, some of my partners aren’t comfortable with . . . That is, they don’t always react well when they see . . .”
And John wasn’t letting go. He was latched on like a limpet, face buried in the crook of Sherlock’s neck and arms locked around him. His breathing was long and labored, like he’d just run a mile and was trying to catch his breath. He was hot, perspiring, and an occasional shudder crawled up his spine and shook them both. But his grip was unbreakable.
The bus kept making stops, but John paid attention to none of it, not where he was, not who got off, and not who got on. So he didn’t see when three tall men—broad in the shoulders, thick in the neck, square in the jaw—climbed on board. He didn’t notice them looking at him, or even pointing at him, or even walking toward him, until one of them stood close to his side, another took the seat behind him, and another took the seat in front. He only noticed when the man behind leaned over, put a nose to his neck and breathed in.
vividly, and by the power of his own admittedly substandard powers of observation, he had reached some startling biological conclusions about his current, hrm,
“What’s this then?” She grabbed his hand, still bandaged from broken bottle; the stitches wouldn’t be ready to come out for another five days or so. “And this?” She grabbed his chin and turned his head. The bruising on the side of his face was still a sickly yellow-green. He slapped her arm away.
“Bet I can show you a few moves,” John said, smirking. “When it comes to hand combat, I came in second in my class during basic training, and I was the smallest of the lot.”
“Hey.” He put a hand to John’s side and felt the ribs swell and deflate with John’s labored breaths. “You think I’ll be shocked.”
, John, don’t— Why can’t you— It’s not even— Just shut up for a moment, won’t you? Listen to me. The reason this isn’t working”—he indicated the mirror—“has nothing to do with what you wrote, okay?”
He took a deep breath to steady himself and immediately regretted it: he just inhaled more noxious Alpha scent. “I’m only going to tell you this once,” he said, glaring at each in turn. “Back off.”
“Theoretically. The mathematics is sound. But if one criterion is not carefully accounted for, then failure is inevitable.”
He didn’t know what to expect when he walked through the door. Had John calmed down and returned to his former amicable old self? Or were they in for another row? Taking a deep breath, he squared his chin and pushed open the door.
Lestrade roared, drawing attention to their table. When he had recovered himself, he asked, “So what happened? If it was all so good, why did you stop?”
“Does what bother me?” Sherlock said wearily, like indulging a child. He began to play another verse.
The trail led him up a grand staircase, down a long hall, and around several corners, growing more and more potent with each step. Sherlock’s insides twisted with the urgency of his hunt, his mounting desperation to find his Omega, and get him far, far away from his captors. Mixed with John’s scent, the unmistakable Dr. Stapleton, and the other Alpha he had smelled out on the grounds. If they had marked him . . . if they had hurt him, in any way . . . His fingers curled into claws, and he had barely enough control to keep himself from snarling.
done, to Molly and others, but he was feeling unmistakable panic begin to swell in his stomach and tingle down his arms and legs. They wouldn’t attack him in broad daylight! Surely! But he felt exposed, vulnerable, and trapped, more than he had been in that darkened alleyway. Shit shit shit.
. God, it was like a jackhammer had taken a fancy to it, almost like he had been . . . struck. No, stuck. Stuck? Struck? Stuck.
At once, John sensed the nature of the trick question, and his mind spun as he debated how to answer. He remembered the story from the journals; he knew his own story; and he remembered very, very well how he had first met
Though Sherlock maintained an air of professional disinterest, the light of amusement shone in his eyes, making John look away as his cheeks began to heat.
Sherlock whirled. “John, I can explain,” he said at once, and was ready to launch into prepared remarks when John, who stood at the edge of the sitting room in the clothes and dressing gown Sherlock had picked out for him, lifted a hand to forestall him, appearing unexpectedly composed.
John looked down at his shoulder like he’d never seen it before. Then he quickly pulled his hand away. “Yeah,” he said, still trying to catch his breath. “Probably that.”
Forgetting why he had even come to the supermarket to begin with, Sherlock headed straight home, and although he didn’t have a clearly formulated question, he nevertheless felt like he and John ought to . . . talk. How mundane.
“So here’s the thing. The metaphysical displacement itself is an extremely rare occurrence for cognizant parallels, mathematically. And for it to happen twice to reverse the effect is nearly impossible—without coordination. But we discovered the mirror, didn’t we? That mirror allows us to coordinate.”
Sherlock blinked, befuddled. “I did tell you.” Slowly, he lay himself down alongside John’s body, cupped his jaw to keep John’s attention on him as he said, “Only for you, John. This wouldn’t happen for anyone but you.”
A solid, almost physically uncomfortable week passed, and Sherlock thought that maybe the whole matter was now behind them and they could just move forward, pretending he had never proposed such ridiculous research. John was right. The likelihood of decapitation was, statistically, quite rare.
“You like me, John.” When he noticed that the words rushing out of his mouth did not, in fact, form a question, he tacked on a hasty, “Don’t you,” but without the proper inflection of an interrogation.
. That’s what John had said. Which meant that Sherlock knew exactly what he was doing, and with whom, and it hadn’t been with the John he knew. He had desired a man after all. And that man wasn’t John.
great, and the moment one little thing goes wrong, you think the sky is falling. It’s just like when you came back from Afghanistan. I mean, you were
John shook his head, unable to pull his eyes away from the scars. Yes, he’d seen them before, but he’d never asked about them. It had seemed, well, rude. “Why? What was . . . wrong?”
Sherlock was distressed; the thought was almost too ugly to even speak, and he struggled through his next words. “Did they knot you?”
Sherlock gasped. In two-point-two seconds, Sherlock had scanned him head to toe and read the story. John was hurt. He sported a large, swelling bruise on the side of his head, just below a bloodshot eye. Dried blood lined his lips and dotted his chin. His fair, golden hair was disheveled, the sleeves of his coat were grimy, and his trousers were scuffed with dirt as well. And his left hand was fisted tightly, but blood was seeping between the clenching fingers and dribbling to the floor.
. John knew that Sherlock was a great believer in utilizing the five senses in his work, but as he had never been the object of inspection, he had never fully realized just how probing it could be. It seemed Sherlock was touching every inch of skin he could find: the soft inner arm enjoyed (
Sherlock does a body check and discovers that, yes, actually, he's in a great deal of pain. "Yes," he says and smiles wanly.
John was out of time if he didn't want to get to work late. "Okay, okay. I'll be thinking of you, too."
Gerald, has never experienced a Gerald full of rage, would have said Gerald was too kind for this kind of reactive anger.
"Beautiful," John whispers, watching his finger move through the murky white evidence of his considerable talents. All men have, at one point or another, tasted their own spunk, but John has never tasted another man's. He brings his fingertip to his mouth and touches his tongue to it, then smacks it around his mouth with his tongue. He can't tell which is his and which is Gerald's but it tastes roughly the same. He licks the rest of it off the tip of his finger.
John's alarm on his phone inconveniently goes off right before John can answer. He silences it, and then crosses the distance to Sherlock, fists his hands in the front of Sherlock's dressing gown, and says, "I
—John lies there in his boring scrubs, looking dazed, and absolutely the most fascinating thing Sherlock has ever encountered.
However, he doubted that Sherlock—who was, after all, in the midst of using himself as a shield against a perceived threat to John—would appreciate being hauled up into an embrace and told he was
"What would you do if he fucked me?" John asks, and Sherlock thrusts into him and pulls out, establishing a faster rhythm, and says, harshly, "I'd fucking kill him," and John says, "Well, then you'd better make sure you spread your semen all over my body before we go to the next crime scene, so he knows better," and Sherlock makes a sound like
"John," Sherlock murmurs weakly, his teeth clicking together, so that John's name comes out sounding
hugs. This is an embrace, a clinging, protective hold that tries to express in touch what feels too difficult to say in person—
They pulled through a set of iron gates in the middle of nowhere which led to a long road that eventually ended, far in the distance, at a large manor house.
"Step here, Mr. Holmes," the publicist, Cayden, says, pointing at a mark right behind the entryway to the stage. "When I tell you to, open the door and turn right to go directly up to the stage. Everyone will be standing, and Inspector Lestrade will guide you to the front. After that you'll be—”
Gerald laughs. "High heels do amazing things for legs. They tighten the calves and elongate the line of your legs. I've seen you naked, and I can
as you so quaintly put it," Sherlock says with enough scorn to melt Dr. Reed's face off. "John Watson is
"What is it with Holmeses and ominous pronouncements?" John hissed to himself. "It must be genetic."
," Sherlock said, his voice accusing, but he allowed himself to be soothed and petted into docility.
"Well, that's what you get for messing around with psychopathic criminal overlords, now isn't it? I hope you've learned your lesson!"
"Oh, I don't know about that," Gerald says, his eyes flashing with anger. "Maybe you just need to have your
As John examines and treats his back and the pain meds take effect, Sherlock's erection gradually falters and then recedes and Sherlock breathes a huge sigh of relief. Sherlock lets himself relax into John's care and responds to John's various commands without much thought.
John pounds back up the stairs and down the hall. "Condoms!" he crows triumphantly, and throws the box on the bed.
"I suppose," Mycroft conceded with a gust of air that made it clear he was giving in against his strictest principles.
“Is there anything you're not telling me? I know that prisoners are sometimes subjected to, um, you know—sexual assault in places like that.”
Giving Sherlock privacy to complete his other elimination needs, the three humans retired to the landing outside the front door. A rough schedule of who stayed with Sherlock and when was worked out and then John was finally, blessedly alone.
tender and sweet compliment from Sherlock, who nobody would believe capable of this kind of loving gesture, who
After there's only a pile of ashes and bits of paper left, John puts the bowl in the fridge so the ashes can cool. He puts the kettle on, then goes into the bathroom and cleans his face. He makes a cup of tea and drinks it while reading the paper. He has a second cup of tea. After an hour, he checks that the ashes are cool enough to take out.
The new position gives John the ability to touch himself and almost as soon as he does, his cock fills with blood. His arousal is whipped to an even higher level by the sight of Gerald between his knees, a look of wonder and intense concentration on his face. Gerald is looking down at John's arse and not at John himself. John can't wait anymore.
John thinks of Sherlock now, of him trying to sleep while alone in this flat, of Sherlock caught in the strong (and cold) steel grip of a nightmare, of him waking to silence and solitude.
"Here," he tells Zivko in Serbo-Croatian. "We'll give this British man a bath and put some lipstick on him. Maybe we can find him a dress to wear and some knickers, too. We'll stuff his cock and balls up inside his knickers and all you have to do is fuck the hole."
Sherlock's eyes were drooping and glazed; John immediately recognized this as a sign of fever, but he wasn't sure if it worked the same for dragons. Maybe Sherlock was just really tired. John asked him if he wanted any water, but Sherlock just shook his head once, without even lifting it off the floor, and closed his eyes.
, and he knows, well—just me, but still. He won't get to know everyone else, will he? If he doesn't come?"
John looks at her face, and sees a secret smile, and knows she's remembering what it feels like to fall in love. He glances at her wedding ring, the simplicity of it, so different from her personality, and very much different from her sister's wedding ring, and then looks forward again.
! I tried. Bernie tried. Olivia tried. They didn't believe us and were too terrified to ask each other, so—" Rebecca spreads her hands.
dragon. I don't know if you will ever be able to accept that. Go back to London. Leave me here with my own kind."
John tilts his head up towards the ceiling, and squints one eye, thinking. "A few months before you died, I told him how I felt, and he said he already knew, and that I should tell you." John shrugs ruefully. "Of course, I
, he's behind you, and I'm broken too tired and sad to save you." Sherlock's voice wavers, thick and foggy, and John sees the streamers of bloody saliva that bubble up out of Sherlock's lips as his voice shivers and jumps and his body shakes, and John wants to kneel in front of Sherlock, and pull him into his arms, and brush his thick, beautiful hair off his beautiful, gorgeous, sweaty forehead, and wipe the bloody saliva away with gentle fingers, and hold him in his arms, and rock him, because this man is
It's six in the evening, and the sun has set but it's not quite full dark. Sherlock is sitting in the back of a sleek, black car, waiting for John's boyfriend to leave so Sherlock can finally go home. At half six, Sherlock watches him step out onto the pavement and waits until he walks off in the direction of the tube station.
John waits, but that seems to be the end of the conversation. Of course, now he's curious. He heats the last of Mrs. Hudson's shepherd's pie in the microwave and sits in his chair with his tablet. There's a good book one of his colleagues suggested called
"Hold on—don't hang up. The reason I called was to ask if I could give him paracetamol to help with the pain."
Why was he fine with the things Gerald did to him—some of which were pretty fucking kinky—but not this? The reason he fell into his relationship with Gerald with such ease was because he'd already struggled with his sexuality after Sherlock died. He'd accepted he was bisexual, and mourned Sherlock even more, and then he'd met Gerald, so it hadn't been a shock.
John grabs the barrel with his left hand and, with an impressive backhand that would leave Andre Agassi applauding, pistol whips the unsuspecting suspect. The man sways in place for a second, looking confused, so John rears back again and, this time, there's a
you were in love with your best friend. Do you know why he did that? Why someone as confident and well-balanced as Gerald would enter into a romantic relationship with a man who was in love with his dead best friend? A man who would always be, even if just a tiny bit, in love with someone else? Would always be just a tiny bit emotionally unavailable?"
to. I pander to clients and the public at large—I have allowed Mycroft to lock me away in the flat, to let the members of New Scotland Yard, and shadowy government agencies have control of my so-called return to polite society, have agreed to be imprisoned in my
"Hm," John murmurs and then pulls his lips back over his teeth, makes a tunnel out of his mouth, and pushes his head as far down as he can go on Gerald's cock before bobbing back up again.
Gerald pays the fare when the cab drops them off at an older building right on the edge of Soho. Gerald must be wealthy to live in such a prime location. John stands there for a minute just staring at the buttery yellow front door with its brass knocker. He idly wonders how Gerald manages to keep the door so clean.
"Uh." John should have foreseen this question. "Hm. Well, you see, I love being a doctor. Remember when we first met and I told you how important doctors were?"
In fact, John loves Sherlock with a passion so fierce, it frightens him. Even though his heart is still tender in the wake of his breakup, John
. "I'll provide you with all hatchling-related care items tomorrow. For now, so long as it comforts him and he can eat without pain, then whatever you've concocted over there will have to do."
"Actually, it looks like I'll need day shift for a while," John asks, wincing in anticipation of his supervisor's censure.
"Why not?" Sherlock asks, genuinely confused. Then he realizes what John's talking about, and scrubs his face with his hands. "Right."
John didn't think a black dragon could blanch, but Sherlock managed it. His eyes were wide with fear.
All unbeta'd because Jenn and Katie are being held hostage by duties that are not all about me, a circumstance I find very unfortunate but also conducive to sneaking in bits of porn.
John sighs deeply, and says, "Just ten more days, Sherlock; you can do it." When Sherlock doesn't say anything, John looks up. Sherlock is staring at him with an intensity that only Sherlock can, his eyes wicked and dark, a thin line of grey-green around his pupils.
For a moment, Gerald's face crumples, but he turns his face back to the desk, where his hand is resting. He smooths it over the desk, like he's sweeping up invisible crumbs and then his hand stills. He looks up.
What he does next will stay with him for years. Sometimes he will think about it and the shame he feels when he does will threaten to choke him.
"The hoarding bit is spot on. Our urge is to hoard anything we think of as ours and that includes people."
"Why do you want to know?" Sherlock asks, the fork in his hand stilling for only a second on its way to his mouth.
They work in the kitchen together, John making the salad and Gerald whipping up the Alfredo sauce with an ease that makes it clear he's used to cooking. He doesn't even measure anything, just adds and looks and tastes and then finally decides it's done. He cracks some pepper over it and mixes the pasta in and serves it up in two dishes straight from the pot.
While the kettle boils, John brings down a bowl and gets out the oatmeal, milk, sugar and brown sugar. He pulls a dish of butter out of the fridge. In silence, he makes Sherlock's porridge, and tea for both of them. He puts plenty of butter and brown sugar in the porridge and pours Sherlock a glass of milk.
what had happened between him and Sherlock. Was it a matter of miscommunication? He felt he'd explained well enough how he felt about the whole thing. He'd listened to Sherlock and to Chatsworth, but he couldn't dismiss his reservations.
His beautiful dragon, preferably small enough to cuddle in his lap. Unfortunately, Sherlock hadn't been small enough to sit in his lap for many weeks.
"I can't stay here forever!" John hissed. "I've got a life back in London, you know. I'm lucky I haven't lost my job."
anymore!" Sherlock growls, pushing himself to his knees, and then launches off the bed, and begins to pace. "I want to touch you, and I want you to touch me! It's no longer enough to hear you say you're in love with me, John. I know—well, I can't actually know, personally, what you've given up for me, but I do know that I can't keep paying for the choice I made. I would do it all over again. I would burn my way through the world for you, John! Are those the actions of an unfeeling machine, a man who doesn't know how to love? It does actually hurt, you know—being home finally, having survived, being in your bed every night, my arms wrapped around you, and yet you might as well be halfway across the world again, for all the hope it gives me."
him up on the counter. John startles violently, bangs the back of his head on the cabinet, and curses loudly. "What the hell—" he starts to say, but Sherlock grabs his hips and pulls him forward, ignoring John's protests at being manhandled.
On top of that, Sherlock texts John several times an hour. None of what he has to say is interesting or important—he texts what he had for lunch or that Mrs. Hudson came by or that he was a
. Yesterday afternoon, he thought you were dead. It's only been twenty-four hours since you returned from the dead. Give him a chance to adjust." Mycroft sits back in his chair before speaking again. "What did he say when you—as you so quaintly put it—confessed your love?"
Sherlock is a little worse for the wear than he was eighteen months ago, but he's still the same man. He's not broken nor is he damaged and John needs to see that his wounds are outside, not inside. Because what he carries inside him isn't a wound—it's relief, pure and simple. He knows he'll be plagued by anxiety attacks like the one he had yesterday when he first came home and nightmares like the one he's just woken up from.
Sherlock's look of excitement faded and, for a moment, they stood there looking at each other and not saying anything, man and dragon, separated by their differences.
John, mouth opened in the hopes something sensible would occur to him, looked at Sherlock and found himself unable to come up with even a flimsy reason why they couldn't bathe together. In John's mind, it felt highly inappropriate, like bathing with a child.
Sherlock's body remained bold and sleek. Sunlight glanced off the opalescent accents along his jaw and sides, flashing like fire. The shaft of sunlight widened, as though it too was drawn inexorably to Sherlock.
Next, John gently pulls off the bandages on the major wounds on his back. The worst ones are in the meat of his shoulders. John cleans them and then he smears them with antibacterial ointment and bandages them back up.
The glance that was shot his way was cutting; he had a feeling, though, that it was Sherlock’s own self-loathing that he was experiencing through this icy gaze rather than something directed towards him. “It’s unimportant. I was simply relating it to the case being discussed. I wouldn’t want you to -”
"Or me," Tim added, seeming to be perfectly content at the idea of his son being gay, "as long as he's happy."
Katie giggled; Harry was blatantly smirking as she spoke. "Right you are. I'm wound as tightly as a corkscrew."
"Oh." Even though it had been the answer John had been expecting, it was still somewhat strange to have the definitive answer. "Out of choice, or...?"
can shut up, too, with your self-pitying bullshit. Yeah, you've been a shit husband and a shit dad, but this isn't about you – again,
“I see.” Mycroft’s hand dipped into the pocket of his dressing gown, pulling from it a pack of cigarettes that Sherlock was almost certain had been bought earlier that day. His brother slid one out with his dextrous, elegant fingers and brought it to slowly his lips. “And will you be telling him?”
"Raised body temperature," Sherlock murmured back, shifting slightly; the movement against John's arm was more pronounced and deliberate than it had been for the entirety of the evening. John looked quickly to his side, seeing Sherlock watching him from the corner of his eye.
The candles on the fireplace were lit. Had Sherlock lit those candles? John tried to talk but his lips felt cracked and uncomfortable, and his throat was so dry it was as if he'd swallowed sand. Sherlock leaned away for a moment – the panic that shot through John was so out of place – and then came back, his hand wrapped around a glass that had blissful little droplets of condensation running down its side which fell to the carpet – one onto Sherlock's leg, too – as he brought it closer to John's face. A black straw poked out of the top.
John put both of his hands out in the same gesture, shaking his head equally as hard. "Yeah, Greg, you know we're not
Wanda was saved the embarrassment of an excuse by the sudden hush of the room around them, signalling that something of import was about to happen; John felt his palms start to sweat as if nervous, craning his neck much as Mrs. Holmes had done earlier though considering he was an inch shorter than she was it was rather pointless. He didn't have long to wait, though.
He waited until Mike had waved cheerily – though slightly less enthusiastically than perhaps he would have before John's disappearance – until he let out the breath he held between his lips, hissing into an aggressive-sounding sigh of relief; his shoulders dropped, the realisation of how tense his body had become only sinking in as his muscles groaned at him in complaint. He began to walk the slow path back to his accommodation, already having his blinkers up against the multitude of students passing by.
"So..." John considered his words carefully, unsure of how to phrase something he wasn't even sure he wanted to say. "You haven't ever... wanted to?"
John found himself re-reading the words back to himself, head battling with which to respond to first; glancing around the room in an attempt to gather his thoughts together, he decided he should probably sit up properly with the laptop rather than run the risk of falling asleep. As he moved to rest his back against the pillow he quickly propped up against the wall, pulling the warm laptop into his lap and shifting until he was comfortable, he remained oblivious to the fact that for the first time in two months he was choosing not to sleep in order to continue a conversation with someone, as well as actively trying to think of words to say because he
Sherlock gently placed the violin into its case and forced his unsettlingly intense gaze to rest once more upon John's own wavering eyeline.
It was difficult to fight his instincts; every muscle in his body screamed to keep walking, to ignore the soft-spoken voice on the end of the phone and walk – no, screw it, get a cab – to 221 Well Place, burst in through the door and punch Mycroft Holmes in the face. And check on Sherlock. The latter was obviously more important despite his growing frustration. Something, however, made him turn and walk back into his room. The door slammed behind him.
John moved the phone away from his face, covering the microphone. "I don't know if I have the willpower whilst you're looking at me like that."
"Is that him?" Harry was practically crowing her delight, the rustling of what was no doubt the bedclothes crackling through the phone and into his ear. "Ahahaha, he's in your room, isn't he? Is he on your bed? Are you two having sex? Are you using protection?"
I've been waiting a long time to write this chapter - no, it's not slash, don't get too excited! Anyhoo, hope you enjoy it and please do keep R&Ring. Your comments mean the world to me! =3
Mycroft finally glanced up, a smirk on his lips. "Perhaps John can help Sherlock butter the toast. Four hands are better than two, after all."
"Exactly. It's not by much, I know, but it does make a difference. It's like... he's a teenager with the comprehension of a ridiculously intelligent adult and the emotional maturity of a toddler. What are you supposed to do with that?"
Sherlock slammed the knife down, the echoing sound followed by the smack of hands against marble. "Oh, so I'm a drama-queen now?"
"And that... was what you were doing with me. You were being silent. You were waiting me out. You... knew. You
Why the hell was he giving so much thought to this? Ah, right. Distracting himself from the inevitable.
"Hush," Wanda repeated, a small smile crinkling at the edges of her eyes. "You know your father and I support you regardless of what you choose or don't choose to do. To be honest, Mycroft, we don't feel that we
And that was when John noticed it, the oddity in the situation, the reason that he was still considering the idea that something was wrong; Sherlock had not looked at him the entire journey home and still had yet to look at him now. No matter what had gone on between them, no matter the tension, they'd always maintained some sort of eye-contact – fleeting at times, perhaps, but still very much there. It was the only way that Sherlock knew how to be and it was the only way that John could possibly try and read what his friend was truly saying – it was an important part of their communication process and it was undeniably, uncomprehendingly missing.
A pair of hands grabbed him by the arms, dragging him further into the room and behind a large piece of equipment he could barely see. The hands kept hold of him and steadied him, pushing him against whatever he was now hiding behind and gripping him tightly as John's breathing hitched unsteadily in his throat. A familiar scent washed over him as the slightly rough material of the long coat Sherlock had been wearing scratched lightly against his cheek, the sound of someone else breathing steadily close to him settling in the whorl of his ears; he was suddenly aware of the proximity of the body close to him and the heat it was emitting, both reassuring and alarming as he attempted to calm his breathing and slow his racing heart, a seemingly impossible task.
have a son who is in a very questionable friendship with a man who I seriously think might be on the autistic spectrum, and you're trying to convince me to tell you if Sherlock and I have had
Sherlock's expression flickered, momentarily torn between his usual solemn expression and something John couldn't quite define; before he had a chance to decide quite what it was, Sherlock had started walking again, eyes back on their path. "Of course. How stupid of me."
"I'm not John!" The smaller man turned, seeing a large rock ahead of him that he very much wanted to climb; he perched on the edge of his current rock and let himself lean forward until he was falling, his hands reaching out and palms clapping hard on the surface of the larger rock ahead of him – he propelled himself forward, muscles in his arms straining as he pushed himself up to rest his knee on the hard stone until he hoisted himself up to stand properly, brushing his now dirtied palms on the legs of his jeans. He straightened up, grinning at the genius who was now staring at him in what looked just a little like awe from the rock he had just been standing on. "I'm the fearsome Jonathan Ironfist, the newest member of your crew."
The look Sherlock gave him was almost pitying. "And what would you say, John? That you're sorry but poor little Sherlock's feelings are to be disregarded and forgotten? That you
"But would John have wanted to you to open up, surely? If you signed up for him and came here for him, he must have some expectations in regards to what you say to me?"
"Oh, of course." Sherlock's small grin was almost infectious as he snapped more photographs, barely looking at what he was taking pictures of as he seemingly focused his entire attention on the so-called conversation. "I hope you remembered to use baby powder with your nappy tonight, John, otherwise you'll be quite as uncomfortable as my dear brother there."
to talk about you. And then Mycroft told me he knew that you and he weren't actually having sex, but that it was pointless to tell Sherlock that as he'd probably just come up with bigger and more detailed stories, and trust me,
Whether he wanted to or not, John had to admit even to himself that he was slightly impressed. How could the man have any idea how he had been reacting? Reluctantly he began to reply.
The genius placed his cup on the glass table next to him and stood, walking towards the door. "Would you prefer to go home and shower before we concentrate on the work that you've missed in my absence?"
Tapping. The endless, frustrating, mindless tapping which had failed to cease from the moment John Watson had left the premises.
"Stop your muttering and hurry up," Wanda admonished, the creaking of stairs signalling that she was now ready and no doubt about to hurry her youngest along to do the same, "we have to leave in fifteen minutes."
"Not likely," he muttered, taking the slow steps towards the heap of food with a growing sense of apprehension, "but we all have our crosses to bear."
With a slight shrug, Mycroft allowed a small smile. “Perhaps I'm simply curious. Educating myself, you could say.”
Sherlock’s left thumb idly stroked the hip below it, sighing. “Fine. I’m enjoying it. Thank you for your sentiment. It is most glorious, affirming and touches me deeply.”
"I really don't want to go there, Greg. Not tonight. Right now all that matters is making sure Sherlock knows I'm his friend first and foremost and that I'm not going to just go all AWOL on him just because he... did what he did tonight. Not that I would have done anyway, but now that I know what's going on in his head I should make the effort to appear as normal as I possibly can."
"I'm just saying." John looked away from him and down at his own hands settled in his lap. "I didn't come in here to… start something. This is your space, I know that. I don't want to make you… uncomfortable in it. And if my leaving will help then I'll go. I don't mind. I can entertain myself until I fall asleep."
– it's understandable, surely, that he cannot quite pull the sentences together. Not that Sherlock understands this, not that he has any idea whatsoever of why John is here and why the shorter man is currently unable to look in his direction without wanting to simultaneously stride across the room to connect his fist with the sharp jaw tilting upwards and, worse, break down completely. Observant though the genius might be, he cannot read the thoughts surging through John's head and certainly cannot see through skin and bone and muscle to see what truly lies beneath the red-hot anger spreading like a cancer through his trembling limbs.
"We're all tired," his friend said, suddenly sounding a little less desperate and a little more impatient, "but we all have to make the effort for our friends, especially after such a bloody long time. It wouldn't kill you to spend an hour out of your room -"
“Of course I wouldn't tell them, don't be an idiot!” She kicked him none-too-lightly on the ankle and extended her smile so that her whole face was creased with mirth. “I'm leaving
Laughter around the table again, John groaning for what felt like the millionth time that day as he lifted his drink to his lips – damn the
he'd meant it. There was something else, too, something wrong with the situation – Sherlock's tone was odd, an edge of desperation or a quality equatable to it making the question seem as if it wasn't as straightforward a demand as it first seemed, an extra meaning that John couldn't even begin to define. He felt his fists unclench and raise to his face, barely conscious of what he was doing as he rubbed them over his face.
"The boy has talent," Benedict remarked, looking away and towards the crowd again, "could make a go of it professionally if he wanted to. I could get him involved in a few things, have some people contact him."
John's hand is still stretched out toward Sherlock and for one insane moment he thinks that perhaps Sherlock will take it, because the taller man takes one step, two steps, three steps in his direction but, no, he stops and hesitates between the two chairs because he is doing exactly as John asked and is thinking about it: John doesn't need to be a mind-reader to see that. The flash of agony, the pain that locks at Sherlock's knees and should have sent him falling to the floor but naturally he is still standing with his own large, slender hand twitching at his side as if to reach out; the imagining within Sherlock's head is as clear as it is in John's and – even more than when he had seen Sherlock's fear – John is glad to see the pain. He is glad to see that Sherlock is suffering. Let him see it, feel it, hate it. Let him
"Of course they like you, John. You're a model student." Ah. Yet another thing to add to the list of 'Things To Lie About Whilst At Home'. It was... exhausting. "Now, enough chitchat – get up those stairs and put away your suitcase, maybe have a wash. Your Dad'll be here any minute and I'm sure you're going to want to feel refreshed."
"Well, then, they're probably creased as anything," Wanda interrupted Tim briskly, striding past him and reaching out to touch Sherlock's arm lightly, "so we'll just go and do it again. John, I washed your towels and put some clean ones in your room if you'd like to have a shower."
John bit back his irritation and forced himself to nod, knowing this wasn't the time or the place though determined that one day it would be and one day Sherlock would have to respond to his many questions. "All right. We'll move on."
Slowly – much as he did anything these days – he shuffled back to the bed, adrenaline burned out so quickly that he felt almost as if he was going to pass out from it; he barely processed his body falling onto the unmade mess of a bed, eyes already closed as he curled into his usual ball, fingers reaching up and crawling over his face until it was completely covered, blocking out any light that was left in the sky and letting him retreat back into the darkness of his whirring, wheeling mind.
"Anyway, look at me, rambling on!" Jim picked up a pen and shuffled the clipboard towards him, flipping to the last page and writing something down. "Did you have any questions for me? About anything at all, anything that might have crossed your mind."
love is pretty much like they explain in movies. Kind of like... falling. You lose your footing and suddenly
To be fair to Mycroft, it wasn't exactly his fault for springing it on John like he did; the eldest Holmes brother clearly had no idea that John was so hopelessly ignorant to the reality of the situation, both now and as it had happened. His words had been so simple, so very matter-of-fact that it was as plain as day to John that the situation as it had been was now considered common knowledge, something that – if not actually already known – should at least have been assumed.
Sherlock could still not meet his gaze, nor could he seem to move. His hands were still gripping the towel. "I don't... understand. You told me..."
, he would not have been quite as confident, quite as arrogant in a way that was frustratingly attractive as well as irritating and would therefore not have pushed the levels of intensity up to a new high.
to do, but he had no experience of these things. The idea of actually reaching out to the man who was now breathing his name against his lips was almost too much to bear considering.
John waited a few moments before answering. "She's not really the type to settle down, at least not yet. She enjoys the thrill of the chase too much to find someone she wants to spend the rest of her life with."
All in all, the room was beautiful. Perfect, even. John felt dirty just standing there, a ragamuffin in his tatty old jeans and a rumpled t-shirt.
"Wow." John's eyebrows were raised, staring at the screen despite having nothing to look at. "Didn't peg you for a younger brother. Or a brother at all, to be honest."
Sherlock smiled slightly, starting to walk again, indicating with his head that John should follow – as if there was any doubt that he would. "So your actual type is more likely the exact opposite of Sally Donovan. Fair hair, perhaps blue but more likely green eyes, pale skin, likely to have been younger than you -"
"No." Sherlock allowed a tiny grin as he willingly took a sip of his drink, proof if any that he was actually a little drunk and no longer bothered that every drink took him closer to full inebriation. "It's more entertaining to blame you. The look of panic on your face is just priceless."
John shot up into a standing position like a rocket on fire, relief coursing through his body at the idea that it was really that simple, that he wouldn't have to say another word for another week. "Oh, well then... thanks. I didn't realise it would be so... short."
It did not, however, benefit me. I became irritable, agitated, far too easily falling into moments of anger and darkness, succumbing to – and here it is, John, the reason I seem to know so much on the topic – depression. I took it for a month, waiting for the glory of it all to finally settle in and make me even greater than Peter, but alas I found myself sinking deeper and deeper until finally I threw the bottle in Peter’s face and snarled to him to find me a cure, to find me something to make it all better. Alarmed, and probably frightened that I would tell an authority figure about his little habit, he got hold of some Vicodin for me and therein started my journey into opiates. Peter excelled, continued to aim higher and higher, his magical addiction providing him with the foothold to become Head Boy and something far greater than I ever had been; meanwhile I had begun an addiction, a torrid love-affair. I began to fail my classes. My parents were called. Peter stopped talking to me. I was taken out of boarding school and sent to a school closer to home so that they could keep an eye on me.
"Sex." Greg clarified this with a brief roll of his eyes. "I told him that you weren't having sex. And he agreed."
"Here -" John turned with the knife he had used in his hand, whacking it onto the central countertop before turning back around to face the rapidly heating metal, " - you can use this."
There was no refrain, the four semi-quaver rhythm followed by a short rest still unwelcomingly batting at his eardrums as Sherlock made no sign whatsoever that he had heard Mycroft's displeasure. The older man cleared his throat, rustling at his newspaper as loudly as he could and shifting his position so that he was leaning further back in his chair – not that putting a few extra centimetres-worth of distance would make any sort of difference.
A moment of hesitation before the doorknob turned, the door slowly swinging open as John stood by the bed with his hand resting on the duvet cover that he'd been in the process of pulling back; he tried to suppress the sudden surge of something disturbingly powerful welling up in his abdomen as he saw Sherlock standing there on the threshold, still wearing his clothes from dinner.
"No rush," Mycroft said, turning on his heel and making his way to the opposite end of the hallway, "unless you particularly want to be interrogated by our mother as to the nature of yours and Sherlock's… friendship."
John's jaw tightened, left hand curling into a ball as he let the words blur to nothing; so Joanne had gone and arranged help for him, had she? Hadn't he expressly said that he didn't want help? I mean, sure, he'd quickly spouted something in his panic about having extra support but he'd thought she had meant with her or with his seminar leaders, not with some middle-aged twat he didn't even know! This William Holmes, this obviously stuck-up, jumped-up PAT or whatever, he was nothing to John, even more of a nothing than everything else in his life – it was none of his business how John was doing in his course! The frustration was overwhelming, an odd sort of relief after the last two months of emptiness – John almost felt as if he could wrap his arms around it, a real and solid emotion for the first time in what felt like an endless space of time.
"Clearly something about this time was different," Mycroft interrupted, giving Greg an almost reassuring nod before shooting a piercing stare directly into John's narrowed eyes. "I'm sure you can see where I'm going with this."
Harry glanced up, shrugging again. “Nothing to be ashamed of, Mum, it happens. Life happens. At least he's had the balls to admit it, right? You should be proud of him.”
"Fuck off," Greg muttered, lifting his phone once again and starting to tap out a number. "I'm gonna call Mycroft, he'll have a better idea of what should happen now than either one of us."
A inexplicable flutter in John's stomach made him feel suddenly both confused and a little ill; he forced himself to remain casual, taking a small sip of his drink as he whispered back as subtly as possible. "Why do you say that?"
There was no denying that Mycroft had never used such a reference towards emotion before and, it was likely, never would again – out of the two Holmes brothers he had always been the more emotionally reticent, evidential from many aspects of their history. Even as a child, Sherlock had shown a greater weakness when it came to
"All right." Sherlock looked down at his lap. "You know that I have... no experience in these sorts of things. Literally, none."
" - then you don't want to overload your stomach too quickly. Don't want an explosion from either end..." John watched as another tiny smile found its way onto Sherlock's lips, though the effort behind it was painfully obvious. Whatever was wrong with him – and John was almost certain it wasn't food poisoning – it was making him feel absolutely terrible. "Sherlock..."
Laying back on his messily unmade bed and staring up at the ceiling above him, his mind threatening to submerge itself into the usual blankness and smog, John thought of Sherlock.
what Sherlock is feeling at that moment and instead can only focus on the heat within his chest and the tingling in his fingers as he takes one more step towards his lying bastard of a best friend –
"It's the truth." John's gaze was steady as ever, open, honest. "Because whether you or I like it or not, Sherlock, I
conclusion regarding your family rather than a painfully personal one, I know you well enough to understand that you would be limited in your ability to move past your fears and would most likely spend the entire time we were there questioning to yourself what I was thinking… and that would probably come out in such a way that you would be constantly either be defending your family or – and this is almost certainly what would be the result from all of this – you would turn against your family in the light of what you assume me to be thinking and it would turn into the most unpleasant of experiences.”
Jim nodded. "And a martial artist, brilliant guy. Love his films." That small smile again. "He said, '
The wine was next to the cooker and John. Sherlock huffed out a small breath of air and nodded, directing his body first towards the cupboard which held a myriad of mismatched glasses. "Large or small?"
They stayed still in the darkness for a few moments longer, John eventually regaining a somewhat steady heartbeat and and regulating his breathing back to normal; the buzz of the adrenaline continued though, his entire body seeming to shake from it. "Sherlock -"
been in such close proximity, you would have been actively making the effort to move away rather than inviting physical contact. It's far less to do with 'feelings' and far more to do with the fact that we are both rather inebriated or, as Greg would so poetically put it, absolutely
Greg's eyes glittered with something similar to sympathy, his lips opening for a moment before he actually uttered anything. "You're right, okay? You're right. Sherlock got carried away."
John and Sherlock slid into their usual places at the table, neither one of them looking at the other as Wanda poured cold juice into their glasses and then settled herself down next to Mycroft. As soon as she'd sat down Tim held up a finger.
The mixture of warm water and cool air was undeniably pleasant. The closest thing that John could compare it to was a hot water bottle, soothing and incredibly beneficial to his bouncing nerves. His breathing became long and deep, his entire body starting to relax into the lovely feeling as Sherlock carried on dragging the warm flannel over his chest, occasionally moving away to rinse it within the steaming water before bringing it back and beginning his careful ministrations once again. After three or so minutes of this there was an easily distinguishable moment where Sherlock took longer than usual to bring the flannel back to his skin and John could not even begin to know what was happening in his own mind as he let out a small groan of complaint, missing the warmth and pressure; he was instantly and painfully aware of what he had done and how it had sounded in the quiet of the room, his eyes instantly flying open and staring at the ceiling in mortification as Sherlock stopped wringing out the flannel and turned to stare, slowly, at the steadily horrified mask of John's face.
“Mm. But it made me start thinking of everything we’ve been through in the last two weeks and how quickly… how quickly it all just
John closed his eyes, still reeling. "I can't keep up, Mycroft, this is all just... insane. It happened so fast." Was he talking about the situation or the kiss? "I don't know what I'm supposed to do."
"No," John denied, his back hunching even more as he leaned forward, "I can't think about that right now. I need to focus on Sherlock. I can see that now -" He extended his hand out, as if he could literally see it, " - I need to figure out damage control. He's not exactly going to be
' but... had he said it? His head laughed manically at him. He tried to distract himself, her. "Call me by that name again and I'll hang up on you, Harry!"
Falling into a somewhat uneven step beside Sherlock's taller form, John took his words and decided now was the time, if any, to ask. "So you haven't...?"
Wanda pursed her lips, looking out of the window towards the country lane. "We don't want to get lost."
Suddenly John wished he’d just stuck to the matter at hand. Goddamned hindsight. “All right. All right, I’ll leave it alone.”
"Ha. Maybe." He twitched the tie slightly, straightening it as he watched the reflection of her in the mirror taking his jacket into her hands and holding it out behind him. John extended his arms out behind him and let her slide the satin-lined jacket over them, shrugging his shoulders and stretching his arms out in front of him so that it would sit properly; yes, Franco had done a good job. A
Sherlock's eyes glittered. "But here's an interesting thought: you had nothing to prove whatsoever tonight, did you? You could've just had a few drinks, laughed with some of the strangers in the living room, refused a few consequences and walked away from the table without any regrets or sense of failure. You would have undoubtedly enjoyed yourself regardless."
Sherlock tilted his chin slightly, knowing his arrogance would edge John further towards unmasking himself. "Can't what? Vague, so vague, it's infuriating."
now, caressing over his skin and making him tingle in a way he’s never experienced before; he barely suppresses the oxymoron of a shiver which is now determinedly making its way across his entire system, his hands beginning to tremble, eyes suddenly tearing themselves away from John’s iron-hot stare --
"If you'll let me speak, John." William's voice lowered slightly, the words almost menacing in the obsidian darkness of John's bedroom. "You've had your turn."
It saddens me that you consider getting less than the equivalent of a 2:2 on your last four essays as a passable grade.
This is a waste of not only my time but also of your own. I would advise that you resist being stubborn, though I know how you love to be so, and instead focus on how to tackle your academic deficiencies.
It was a small town, if you could even call it a town. They drove past a few large, sprawling houses before reaching a handful of brightly coloured little bungalows, pretty little houses with perfectly tended front gardens and a small number of elderly people washing cars and potting plants. There was a smattering of little shops a small way up the road from there, a post office and a convenience store next to a barber shop and a very small stone building that was possibly the loveliest ivy-covered pub John had ever seen in his life, wooden benches outside with several hanging baskets throwing out splashes of colour; set against a blue, almost cloudless sky and the scent of the fresh saltiness of an ocean breeze, it seemed that they had – quite by mistake – found a beautiful gem just ten miles or so from the bustling town they had intended to visit.
Sherlock's tone was still frustratingly matter-of-fact. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. Perfectly natural, really."
"And ruin all the fun?" There was a breathy laugh, still too loud in the empty darkness; the body so close to John's moved away slightly as Sherlock seemed to lean around the large equipment to check the guard's whereabouts. "Don't be silly."
"Great. Thanks. So you just act normal and bam, he continues having all these unrequited feelings and eventually gets over it. You're sorted."
John's eyes shot to her face, surprise evident on his own. "You weren't? I thought..." Everyone turned to look at him. His palms tingled with renewed moisture. "Well. I thought you were upset by the... possibility."
His pale eyes flitted back to Greg. “We haven't discussed it yet. My mother certainly appears to believe we're going to be here for another few weeks yet. Started talking about going away for a long weekend.”
"If you let yourself get riled up like that it's going to take you twice as long to get better, all right?" It was difficult to keep his voice steady, still angrily bewildered by how quickly things had become... heated, with no reason to explain other than Sherlock's foray into irrationality – again, no explanation for that either. "Tell me why you came here when clearly you're in no fit state to see
More giggling. John fought the urge to just hang up the phone. "Calm down, you two, it's not like that. He's not like that. There's nothing... sexual about it." Was there? He had no idea. He didn't feel ready to think about that. "It's just emotional."
The driveway was a blaze of torches and sweeping lawns, the darkening sky made even more dramatic in the face of the flames and broad landscape; John was so swept up in the sheer magnificence of the lead-up that he barely even noticed the house that they were driving towards.
“Hmm.” He eyed her for a moment, the creases in his forehead deepening until he decided it wasn't worth the fight. “Deal. So, essentially what I was thinking was that you – and you can't get angry at me for saying it, you wanted to hear it – you almost seemed to... to
So he slept. He slept through the missed lecture and seminar, slept through two missed calls from Mike, woke up once and saw the darkening sky and decided that he may as well sleep some more. When he had finally awoken properly at 3am, he laid in bed for a further hour, staring at the ceiling and wondering what form of illness this odd feeling would take – perhaps the flu. It would explain why his body was still tired despite excessive sleep and explain his lack of concentration. But he'd try to go to his seminar tomorrow, of that he was certain. He couldn't miss two days in a row.
"When I have nowhere to be it hardly seems necessary to clothe myself as you deem appropriate, Mycroft," a deep voice said from the archway leading from the dining room into the kitchen, causing John's stomach to do an odd sort of skip; he found he could not look towards the voice, instead focusing intently on the tureens of food in front of him. "Not all of us feel it necessary to wear suits all day, every day."
"Absolutely. My thoughts, John, are that if you're not comfortable with this set-up and find that other things in life come first, we need to find a way of making it so that you're still able to benefit from the support I can offer but in a less confined, less pressured environment. And where better than from your own home? Less time spent trying to force yourself to say the right things."
"I would prefer to play for an audience who is actually desirous to hear it rather than one who is asking out of good manners."
John did not know what concerned him more: the quaint, picturesque cottage that the driver had stopped outside of; the imposing sight of Mycroft, a kindly-looking blonde-haired woman and a man who looked disturbingly like an older version of Sherlock standing outside the recently-painted black front door; or the lack of their youngest son waiting to greet him. He stared from behind the tinted window and out to the scene in front of him – whoever had arranged the front garden clearly had a green thumb, there was a perfect array of blooming flowers, plants and bushes – and felt, not for the first time since he had climbed into the back of the car, the familiar jolt of butterflies at whatever he was about to enter into and the seemingly impossible idea that he was about to meet Sherlock's parents.
Greg looked utterly helpless under the intent gaze of the girl who was clearly aiming for him to get out of his newly formed drama. "I... I don't know, maybe if you go without me I can come along later?"
"Code for 'my pants are up my bum'," Sherlock murmured in an aside to John, not quite loud enough for Mycroft to hear; another irrepressible giggle escaped from the sandy-haired young man's throat, turning away briefly as he covered his mouth with a curled fist and felt his face pinken from good humour.
want to do right now is leave and give him every reason to retreat back into the hellhole he dug himself into two years ago."
This was utterly absurd, he was acting like a teenage girl who had been caught taking off her bra – ugh, that was an image he didn't need to see – and now John was probably in the kitchen wondering a) why he had started undressing in the middle of the kitchen rather than waiting to get to his room and b) why he had ran from the room as if on fire. What a fool. What an idiotic, hormone-ridden
Tim looked down at him with a good-natured eye-roll. "I feel I may need to apologise for my wife again, John."
At the word 'depression', Sharon's mouth twisted into a grimace. “Oh, John. You're just exaggerating.”
"Please, Sherlock!" He was practically gasping now and no doubt completely red in the face. "No more about nappy rash, no more about Mycroft's bum, I will
"I'm not confused," Sherlock muttered, folding his arms over his chest as he found himself listening out for any tell-tale noise to indicated that Greg had awakened. "Did he bring anyone home with him?"
have a short fuse, don't you?" Mycroft sounded mildly amused by the idea. "My brother is currently in bed at three o'clock in the afternoon, does that answer your question?"
"Keep it under there for a few minutes," John ordered, letting go of the wrist and reaching out for the antiseptic wipe he had thrown onto the counter beside him. "We need the majority of the bleeding to stop before we put the plaster on."
He could hear the grin in Harry's voice. "Yeah yeah. Seriously though, what's going on? You never want to talk to me."
John could feel the heat of the wine, the room and the question rising to his cheeks. He found himself unsure of his response, feeling the buzzing of the wine in his head and his head mocking him for not refilling his glass so as not to raise the suspicious of the most observant man he'd ever met in his life.
This here is how I picture Sherlock and Greg's house, though you can see the front garden in my head and it's veeeeery pretty. ^_^
"Just walk away, John." Sherlock mumbled, the exhaustion radiating from every inch of the man's body highlighting the finality of his words. "Just... give up and walk away. It's not worth this."
"Of course not," Sherlock said, looking genuinely offended, "I just… looked at it. Now and again. Just in case I had met you or seen you around cavorting around campus."
"RIGHT THEN!" Greg bellowed, extending his arms wide and grinning like a maniac down at the little crowd around the table. "I know for a fact we have some newbies at the table who've never played Ring of Fire before, so we
"Mycroft, it's Greg. Yeah, well, Sherlock might have just found out that John knows about -" He cut off, his expression changing from concerned to slightly embarrassed. "I know, but John was – yeah, I get that, but I – all right, there's no need to throw around insults, we kind of have – no, he didn't. No. Haven't got a clue. He's here, hang on -" He turned to John. "Any idea where he might go?"
There was no time to think about it; he disregarded the comment and strolled down the stairs with a hand rising to smooth down his tie, eyes scanning the kitchen as he reached the bottom and seeing no one in there – he had started to head instinctively towards the living room when he heard a murmured voice coming from the conservatory, making him change his course and instead slowly approaching the room which was currently bathed in the beautiful golden glow of the early evening sun, the rich colour filtering out and into the dining room. Standing directly in the middle, his back to John, was undoubtedly Sherlock in the darkest of blacks, holding something out in front of him as he quietly spoke to himself and clearly unaware that he had company; John cleared his throat, starting to speak:
"Even more awkward in real life than online." Yes, that was accurate enough. "Bloody changeable, too."
John stood rapidly, fists clenching as his heart began to thump hard beneath his chest. "I was just trying to
"No," John said firmly, shaking his head and taking a step towards the conservatory before forcing himself to stand still, "no, it's not about that. It's not about that at all. I told you before, Sherlock, I'm just not used to people looking at me like that."
"John, last night… last night was unforgivable. Not only did I lead you into a situation where you could get hurt without a single thought to your personal safety, I took advantage of your vulnerability and let my own…" he grimaced, "…
." Sherlock did not shout, but he didn't need to; his voice, volume raised only by a notch or two, was forceful enough that it would have cut through a crowd. "Both of you, leave."
That wasn't exactly accurate to his and Sherlock's situation, but he's take what he could get. "Was he a friend of yours?"
manage to stay quiet throughout the entire explanation; John went as far back as the day he first arrived, describing Sherlock's home, his family, the horrendous few days where it didn't look as if they'd ever get past Sherlock's new and awkward feelings. He found his voice shake slightly as he told her of Sherlock's outright confession of love, unable to look at his friend as he did so and finding his hands clenched as he moved on to the ball and seeing Sherlock in his tuxedo for the first time – none of that, of course, compared to trying to describe how it had felt to hear Sherlock play the violin, nor the tension between them the moment it had seemed that their alliance was over. By the time he reached their kiss his hands were trembling, so tightly they were curled; he was just reaching the point where their lips first touched when he felt a hand suddenly rest, light and warm, over his wrist; he broke off mid-sentence, eyes instantly upon Sherlock's. The sheer heat, raw adoration and genuine emotion in the teenager's eyes was almost enough to completely unspool him, his desire to hang up on his sister welling up powerfully within him until his thumb hesitated over the end-call button and he genuinely considered doing just that -
She took her glasses off, closing her eyes and pinching the top of her nose before opening her eyes and gazing at the twenty-three year old wearily. “Do you? Because the John Watson I know doesn't get below fifty percent on an essay. The John Watson I personally interviewed for a place on this course doesn't get below fifty and seem completely unperturbed.” Slowly she put the papers down, taking in his form carefully. “If something is going on, John, you need to tell us. We can't help you if -”
"Oh yeah? But you're still there, so I'm guessing she didn't try to murder you in your sleep for turning her baby boy into a raging homo."
John steadily met Sherlock's frustration with his own calm gaze, shrugging his shoulders once and not bothering to respond with words; he didn't need to. He could see the irritation in his friend's icy eyes turn rapidly to determined anger, then simply to determination as the man read him like a book and saw... well. He saw. John didn't need to put it into words.
The older Holmes brother was quickly running out of patience. “Might I remind you again that I have a position of employment to attend tomorrow? I would quite like to get some sleep beforehand…”
He stared at her for a long time before answering. "I am not unwilling. I just find the idea of this...
That was probably the most terrified I've ever been in my life, or at least the most shocked. Looking back I should probably have realised why you were trying to force me to go out or at least been suspicious that you of all people would be encouraging me to go to a party when I knew just how much you hated them, but apparently I was a bit blindsided at the time. You have that effect." He began fiddling with his jumper, pushing the sleeves up to his elbows. "And then you were there, mocking Greg, the voice I'd heard on my laptop actually there, just metres from me, and I didn't know
A frown flickered onto his brow, creasing his forehead. "By... not being a total and utter failure?"
All at once her expression changed to one of absolute horror. "No! No, absolutely not! The opposite, the very opposite – oh, dear, I have gone about this quite the wrong way, haven't I?" She carried herself over to him slowly, taking her time to form the words before she let them loose into the air around him; she perched on the arm of the sofa he sat on, gathering her hands in her lap. "I should explain, John, that until now I was quite certain that Sherlock... and Mycroft..." her eyes flickered up to rest apologetically on her sons face, "...well. I thought that perhaps they weren't
"I don't." Even to his own ears it sounded incredibly like a lie. "I told you this already, girls, I love him but I don't -"
"He is," she said confidentially, leaning over to top up his near-empty glass (god, he really did drink when he was nervous) until it was practically to the brim, "he
"WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?" John shouted back, trying for an encouraging smile. "GO DANCE WITH HER OR SOMETHING BEFORE SHE FINDS SOMEONE BETTER!"
It was too much, it was too harsh, it was... well. It was what it was. It was Harry. It was Harry speaking her mind, like she always did, and not much caring whether she did it with sensitivity. The clock on the mantelpiece was ticking too loudly, the whirr of the extractor fan was too sharp, the quick and shallow breaths Sharon was taking were too audible. It was hell. This was hell. It couldn't have been worse, not at all, not even slightly and John didn't know which way to turn. He didn't want his mother to be hurt, he didn't want Neil to feel guilty, he didn't want Harry to silence herself. He had no fucking clue what to do, wished he had never fucking spoken, and fuck it all anyway because what did it matter if he had depression when he had
Sherlock, not one for the masses of people at parties, had struck a deal with both John and Greg: in exchange for one hour of his time being spent at the party he was allowed to spend the rest of it upstairs in his room, during which time he was not to be disturbed by anybody. He was also allowed to choose which hour he would spend downstairs. So far he had spent two and a half hours hiding and no time whatsoever within the company of other people.
John felt his stomach clench in discomfort. He tried to laugh it off, unsure of where this was heading. "I
Sherlock span his chair around so that he was once again facing the laptop, not wanting John to see that he had indeed hit the nail directly on the head and how much it still unnerved Sherlock to be on the other end of someone’s observations. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, John. I’ve simply been looking at you, adoring you from afar and thinking to myself how gloriously lucky I am to be blessed with such a… a good-looking, debonair, charming -”
"RIGHT!" Greg was clearly determined to keep things moving. "Lauren, you next." He grinned at the girl to his left, gesturing. "Go for it."
Sherlock bristled; his defences rose and his mind began to speed up – ordinarily it would be a good thing. Not necessarily at this point. "This is how I always am, John. I'm arrogant. I'm insensitive. I'm unemotional. Is it really so surprising?" His lips twisted into a sneer.
Mycroft placed his hand on the front door, raising his chin slightly as he looked his brother over with a brisk gaze. “If I leave you here with John can I assume that you won’t attempt to break out of the house again?”
"That's one thought. I know that you don't have the fastest mind in the room, John, but surely you managed to process more than that in the two hours that I was gone."
Greg lifted the phone to his ear and turned partially away; they both waited in the silence as the phone rang, once, twice, three times, four -
John’s eyes widened, mind instantly connecting with the obvious implication; at the tiniest of winks from Sherlock, however, he kept his mouth shut and simply waited for a response.
As the rest of the group laughed and resumed the game, Lauren taking a card, Sherlock glanced sideways at John. "Are you all right?"
At which point Sherlock Holmes finally closes the distance between them and tentatively, bravely dips his head and brushes his dry, trembling lips to John Watson’s, heart pounding wildly beneath his chest as his kiss, his love, his ardent and unforgiving
John held out the instrument with his own hand, though Sherlock noted a strange sort of reluctance. "He might have hidden talents."
At least John seemed to be paying attention now. He nodded, if not a little hesitantly, at the time-frame. “All right, I suppose I don't really have much of a choice. Shall we say in a week, then? All head to London or wherever it is to sign up together?”
For the first time it made sense to him, standing on the doorstep with faintly sweating palms and a twisted sense of nostalgia swimming within his head... the reason he had found it so hard to see exactly what was in front of him in regards to Sherlock's feelings was simply because he had always been avoidant. It was an odd realisation, the dawning realisation that he tended to move on from things before they'd ever even been dealt with; it threw up a few warning sirens within his head, alerting him to the possibility of this having a negative impact on not only his new situation with Sherlock but also on his life as an adult in general. His mother, in her avoidance, had let a problem stew and develop and become something life-alteringly awful to the point where the only way that she
God, this was embarrassing. Even without the image of Sherlock drifting about in the forefront of his mind it would have been hell. "Not really..." Another familiar image, blonde and oval-faced with big blue eyes, glances across heads and knowing smiles. "Well, there's this one girl." That knot of discomfort again, christ, would it not just dissipate? He had known that he would have to lie at some point, or at least avoid the truth. "Mary. She's doing Biology."
"I don't know. I didn't really go in there looking for a particular type of person. He was friendly enough, if that's the right word for it. A bit like you in some ways. Intense. Smiled a lot."
"What if you just showed up for an hour?" The man was clearly begging. "Come on, John, it's been fucking
"Focus on one assignment at a time and stop thinking about the others," Sherlock replied calmly, his eyes zigzagging over whatever he was looking at on his screen. "You never had a problem with multiple assignments back before your depression – if you could do it then, you can do it now."
Silence met this harsh, microcosmic view of their childhood and, for the life of him, John could not find the words to say. She had said the words with little-to-no emotion, yet behind the lack of feeling was clearly a lot of hurt, even damage... he had always known that the way she had acted out as a teenager had caused a rift between her and their mother, that much was obvious, but it struck him as they sat in his childhood bedroom together, in closer amicable proximity than they probably had
"Fine," John said bluntly, striding over to where the frying pan sat ready and waiting, switching on the gas and lighting the flame, "go and carry on sulking in your room and I'll do it."
"I know it's not your fault," John tried, realising slowly that he had probably overreacted, "I just don't know how to... respond. To it. To you."
The word seemed to fit seamlessly into the space between them. John nodded, pushing aside his doubts and worries and embracing the two simple letters as if they were all they would ever need. "Yes. Let's just... be."
in his best interests. I don’t know if you know your brother at all, Mycroft, but he’s not the easiest man in the world to say no to.”
A hand was suddenly reaching for his, fingers wrapping around his hand and squeezing; he did not need to look to know that Wanda had tears running down her face as she watched her youngest wreak devastating artistry over the heads of these people who did not deserve to listen, nor did he need to hear the words she was not speaking as she gently caressed the back of his hand with her thumb in silent, maternal comfort: the message was clear.
THIS ONE WAS SO MUCH FUN TO WRITE, I CAN BARELY CONTROL MYSELF!! Must... write... next... chapter...
John had to admit that it sounded a hell of lot better than this. "You make it sound easier than doing it this way, at least."
And, with surprising speed, she had turned and was dragging her husband down the beach with all the aplomb of someone who had been planning for this moment all day without taking a single look back. The two young men watched as Tim leaned down to say something to her, his hand coming up to brush a stray lock of hair behind her ear, her answering smile tender as she reached up to pull the hand down for a kiss – John and Sherlock looked at each other before quickly glancing away, hesitating for a few moments before John finally spoke.
I don't need you to tell me how to feel about this shitpit that is depression. I can feel whatever the hell I want to feel about it and it's absolutely none of your business whether I feel ashamed of it or not. And yes, if you'd like confirmation that you're right YET AGAIN, I am ashamed of it, of myself, of what I cannot do or achieve because of this monstrous black cloud constantly hanging over me.
His fingers went to work instantly, a quick and easy response that he didn't even need to think about.
John crawled, like a child, over to Harry's side and reached out with shaking hands to grasp her upper arm, pulling her – without much effort required, he noted – against him, wrapping his own arms around her shoulders and hugging her tightly for a moment; it was uncomfortable, physically as well as emotionally, and he was frustratingly aware that a hug meant very little considering what had just been uttered in the space between them, but somewhere in the back of his mind he wondered if closing the physical space between them might be a good step towards repairing some of the damage he had apparently caused. The words were still hanging in the air, and he knew that they wouldn't be leaving his head anytime soon – as he fully deserved, considering how his sister had seemingly memorised their hurtful poison to perfection – but he didn't have new words to drown them out with. He had caused her pain, the self-righteous little asshole that he had been, and he wasn't about to just let her sit there whilst he remained silent.
It was becoming increasingly obvious that their relationship was not what most people would consider healthy.
Mycroft sighed, seeing this exchange and raising his hands in defeat. “I see that I’m powerless against this, then; so, John - ” he eyed the young man closely, disappointment radiating from the stare, “ – you are truly inclined to ignore my warning from earlier today, I take it? Even now?”
For a moment he didn't think that the counsellor would respond, so fixed and static was his gaze; it was unsettling in its intensity and John genuinely began to consider simply walking from the room, but suddenly Jim reached out and grabbed a pen at the edge of his desk, using his other hand to pull a post-it note towards him. "All right. I know what to I'm going to do."
” Sherlock's eyes blazed, unforgiving, unrelenting, undeniably past the point of reason. There was not, he knew, a single thing he would not do in order to make this man speak, and he was not entirely certain of retaining his own sanity if he were to reach that point. He allowed him one, final chance.
"Oh, tons," William said in low, sarcastic tones. "I've already been propositioned three times and it's not even midnight."
"So why – no, forget it. All right, so, tell me something about you then." John let himself flop back onto the soft leather of the sofa, feeling very much at home – the last few weeks since The Revelatory Evening had changed a lot for them, the most obvious thing being that John rarely left Sherlock and Greg's house. It was now much closer to home than his own bare college room. "I know you have Mycroft. Any other siblings?"
Ten minutes later he realised his mistake: it was always going to be painful. Now Sherlock was giving him sidelong glances so murderous that he was genuinely surprised he hadn't been stabbed in the hip.
it a house. The yellow-stone manor was a towering, turreted masterpiece of English architecture, huge sash windows adorning its front with – as Wanda had promised – impressive double doors that seemed to get far more grand and imposing the closer their car inched up the driveway. There was an impressive array of spires across its grand roof, though with the sky slipping closer and closer to night they were difficult to count and collate in his head... but why was he counting and collating spires?! Here he was, pulling up next to the most beautiful, regal house he had ever seen in his life and he was distracting himself by counting
Which obviously wasn't the case now. The words left John's lips without his permission. "But you know what you're doing
When Sherlock's eyes met his once more there was an odd glimmer of surprise, closely followed by confusion... finally, with a small nod to himself, his expression settled on mere acceptance as he fixed his gaze upon John with all the intensity he could no doubt muster. He gave a small shake of his head. "No, Mr. Ironfist... I believe I was never really looking at all. It would seem you simply... found me at the right time."
John covered his mouth, trying to suppress the smile threatening to shape itself on his lips. “Saddo and Junkie.”
Greg Lestrade – ah, their living arrangement was beginning to make some sense – lingered behind Mycroft awkwardly, hands in his pockets as he shrugged helplessly towards John with a ‘what can I do?’ look that John very much understood; if Greg was under the thumb of
"It will be," Jim confirmed, nodding. "I promise you that much. Anything that I can make easier for you, John, and I'll do everything I can do make it happen." He stood, coming around the desk and offering John once last warm smile. His eyes lingered, intent, on John's. "I know you're on a tight schedule. You take care now, and make sure you don't lose that e-mail address. God only knows the chain e-mails I'd get if someone else picked this up!"
Narrowing his pale eyes and directing his heated stare at his brother, Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest. “Doesn’t help what?”
"So, John." Dr. Moriarty – Jim – picked up the clipboard from the desk and began to flip casually through his notes. "I've had a look at your notes already and I think I have a pretty good grasp of why we're here, but..." He lowered it, meeting John's gaze. "If you don't mind, I'd like you to tell me."
"Like I said," the voice said, the tiniest smidge of irritation coming through, "he is currently unavailable to talk to anyone."
"Michael," Mr. Holmes said with a nod, moving past Greg to shake hands with a man who looked nothing like Greg but seemed to hold all of the confidence and charm regardless, "you're looking well."
names. He had bid her farewell with a promise to find her again, perhaps for a dance, and had gone over to meet Wanda and Tim's accountant and his wife with a smile and spring to his step.
"Nah," Greg said, waving his hand towards Sherlock and looking as if he were bestowing a gift upon Sherlock, "you go for it. It was your idea."
John felt his hands come up to frame his own face, clutching at it; his eyes widened in a sort of desperation, focused in a frozen depiction of bewildered unknowing upon Greg's face. "How?" It was almost a moan. "How am I supposed to know what to do?"
"Yes, quite." The voice cleared its throat, the noise loud in the shadowed room. "It is necessary for you to be aware that... just because I... don't... know you..." He sighed, clearly close to giving up. "It doesn't mean that I... don't... it doesn't mean that you aren't..."
John watched as the man scribbled away on the post-it, long and looping letters that seemed vaguely more effeminate than he had expected. Not completely dissimilar to Sherlock's own cursive. "You do?"
"Not that." Sherlock entered the room in time to see John pulling a pack of beef chunks from one of the bags, head shaking and eyes focused on the items he was unloading. "Are they actually seeing one another? I know they've been shagging but is it an exclusive sort of thing?"
armchair. It was not altogether dissimilar from the chair he had laid claim to back at Well Place, though that in itself was no coincidence: he had, after all, stolen the chair from Mycroft’s study in the first place.
Never had a statement been more accurate. "No. No, you aren't, are you?" He found himself biting his lower lip as he thought about this, the truth of it. "You're not people at all."
Slowly Sherlock tore his eyes from John's and fell to the pocket of his jeans. His long fingers slowly wriggled their way into the tight material to pull the plastic device from its trappings, bringing it up to his face and glaring at it in a way that instantly gave away the caller.
The voice alone would have been enough. Just to hear the depth of tone, the off-handed way in which he introduced the date, song, composer and performers... just to have that rich, velvety sound falling into his ear in the darkness of his small, lonely bedroom would have been enough to send John into sleep with a half-smile on his face and his racing thoughts wrapped up in cotton wool to the point where none of it mattered.
"And I prefer blondes," Harry replied simply. "Yet here I am in bed with the hottest brunette in all of Surrey."
Tim was shaking his head, chewing thoughtfully. "Those sorts of things you don't forget, it's muscle-memory. Do you play an instrument, John?"
The genius allowed him a nod. "It did. But I am at fault for that and I would prefer if you rescinded all blame and laid it wholly on me. The truth, John, is that I was…"
cope was to simply ignore the fact that there was a problem at all. John knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that he did not want to end up the same way.
"The high is you. The destruction is self-inflicted." Sherlock smiled humourlessly at his own words, his head turning again as he stared off towards the lights of Canary Wharf in the distance. "How poetic. See how you inspire me?" His tone was bitter again, full of empty self-loathing; that was it, the trigger. John had definitely had enough of talking now, of hearing that voice come out of those lips like an unfamiliar and unwelcome guest. Time for action. He took two steps forward towards Sherlock and found himself unsurprised when the genius backed away and then, quick as a fox, turned on his heel and started to stride up the hill again – John followed mercilessly, not saying a word, his legs moving faster in order to keep up; it was absolutely ridiculous, this chase, this slow-paced cat and mouse.
John suddenly felt oddly protective of his friend, turning his head and looking at him openly. "It was, Sherlock. It was really beautiful."
"Sher..." The word was interrupted by a breath hitching in the smaller man's throat, a fluttering of eyelids as they closed against Sherlock's heated gaze; no, Sherlock wanted to see, he wanted to see every colour in John's eyes and every heightening of emotion. Action had to be taken, evidence had to be analysed. This was not acceptable, the avoidance of the situation had to be discontinued.
"I don't -" Sherlock broke off, understanding dawning on his face; it quickly turned to something far darker, something John couldn't quite define. "No. No, I'm dealing with it my way. Don't interfere."
"Work with me," she insisted, steepling her fingers together and nodding in what she seemed to think was an encouraging way. "It will benefit you, I assure you."
"Well, whatever, weirdo names. Text him and tell him that you want to come and visit and don't take no for an answer." Her tone was getting warmer, more enthusiastic. "Turn up on his doorstep in the rain!"
John pointed a leek in Sherlock's direction, shaking it at him. "Just when I think I'm getting used to you..." He broke off, shaking his head again and turning to grab a knife to start cutting the vegetable up. "I must admit, it makes me feel at least
He thought about pretending that he had no idea what she was talking about but, then again, what was the point? “I'm not sure you want to hear it.”
Love to all, and hope you're staying well and sane during this rather crazy time of existence; I've been thinking of you a lot, for whatever that's worth.
"That my brother was on his way to a six-month undercover operation that was certain to end in death is very telling, wouldn't you say? The lengths he would go to in order to protect you and your family… well. I'm not sure I'll ever understand it, John, but then Sherlock has always been one to glorify in the element of surprise, don't you think?"
"I'm well aware of the fact that were either of us sober we wouldn't even be having this conversation. We wouldn't have been in that situation and, if we
"Oh, for me, absolutely. He was standing there, all stiff and dark and brooding – yes, I can see your little smile, I immediately thought of Mr. Darcy, my heart leaping into my throat – and he was wearing this tuxedo, John, this beautiful combination of black and red and it just made his eyes
Sherlock sighed, pausing his criminal activity for a few moments. "The point of this is to do something you wouldn't usually do. Now will you be quiet and continue to keep a lookout? Contrary to popular belief," he began fiddling with the locks again before darting off around to climb behind some shrubbery, "I don't want to add to my arrest sheet."
It was all a mess of words and intentions, yet the final statement didn't quite sit right with John. "So… you looked after me due to a sense of responsibility for what happened?"
He slid his tongue forward to trace over Sherlock's full lower lip once more, darting, sampling the unique flavour; he sighed, heart racing beneath his chest as Sherlock exhaled unsteadily again – there was a suspended moment of doubt, John's confidence starting to stagger whilst he considered the idea that he had expected too much of the dark-haired, beautiful cacophony of limbs beneath him. As he made the decision to pull away and slow the situation down, the warmth and softness of a tentative tongue slipped against the edge of his lip, briefly touching before treating to safety; John could feel every single muscle in his body tense from the simple sensation, a great deal of effort going into extorting within himself waves of willpower and complete and utter determination to stay sane and calm and not to impress upon Sherlock too much pressure -
nice friend – I finally asked him to let me try it. He gladly let me, pleased to have someone in on his little secret; I think that he was actually far more obsessed with me than I was with him, mostly as I now knew what lay beneath his apparent layers of intellect, I knew the reasons behind his unfailing talents. He held no thrall for me now, but for him he had found a partner in crime and genius, and giving me the Adderall and watching me experience its effects was, I think, greatly pleasurable to him.
John seemed utterly incapable of saying anything – well. Other than the most important thing, at least in Sherlock's eyes. “Sherlock...”
John shot him a very pointed, very specific look that Sherlock had never seen upon his face before. “Well. I should bloody hope so.”
His teeth gritted together once more, an uncomfortable sensation for an uncomfortable subject matter. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but I
?" The trace of smile from John's face had gone, replaced with a bemused frown. "Where the heck did you get
Sighing, John shrugged. "If you're not going to even act like you want to be here you might as well have stayed upstairs!"
Academic support on the other hand was her forte, and it was well within her rights as his personal tutor to arrange something. If she could find someone to help him with his studies, to support him in his workload, perhaps he would find the clarity to deal with whatever else was going on in his life – at least, that was what she would tell herself. She couldn't just do nothing. He was one of the brightest students she had come across in years.
family; he reached over without thinking, resting his hand on top of hers for a moment. He didn't miss Sherlock's eyes narrowing in his periphery, nor the way he stared at the easy contact as if something was on fire.
Mycroft moved aside with a low, patronising chuckle. “I’m sure you don’t, little brother – no doubt you have something or should I say
The taller boy nodded, groaning as he started to pitch forward and out of the chair. "No worries. I'm gonna turn in now anyway, got lectures tomorrow. Are you gonna stick around?"
Mycroft seemed to genuinely think on this, his head leaning slightly to the side. "Mm. I can see your point, as much as it pains me to say it. It would be far more damaging to make
Sherlock feels his lips curve into a smile which is nothing to do with amusement. “I wish I could, John, but, no. I need a moment, if you wouldn’t mind.”
The voice's low tones sounded amused, slightly condescending. "In my living room, John. Where did you think I was? Hiding under your bed?"
"We'll scrape through," Sherlock muttered, lifting a slice of toast to his lips and taking a small bite. "Mustn't let the government fall apart without you."
"Oh, that's not a problem – I'm sure we can find something for you." Wanda's determination was terrifying.
John forced a shrug, feigning nonchalance despite knowing that Mycroft would not be taken in by it. "Good thing I'm wearing a jumper, then."
"I have enough money from working last year," John interrupted loudly, a strange roughness to his tone, utterly unfamiliar to both him and his father – he watched Neil's own eyebrows jerk upwards in surprise. "I really don't need your help."
"Huh. Don't listen to her, we're fine. Always worries too much, your mum. How much d'you need?" Neil reached into his back pocket, taking out his wallet and opening it up to sift through the contents. "Fifty? Hundred?"
Two simple words and it may as well have been any number of moments before now, so many blurred in John's memory that he couldn't specify a single one; his own eyes dragged unwillingly up to meet Sherlock's heavy gaze, knowing even as he did that this would be a mistake and would take away every inch of the self-righteous anger and determination that was still currently pumping around his body. It was an endless journey to meet Sherlock's stare, utterly reluctant and completely without any sense of control, and when he finally found himself looking into the endless pools of ice and silver that were fixed on him with a body-wracking severity he was proved frustratingly, nonsensically right as his heart began to thud with an emotion far more powerful than rage and far more dangerous than hurt. His fingers clenched around the antiseptic wipe and his entire body began to hum, irrepressibly frozen in place by the sheer depth of fervour in Sherlock's eyes.
to say sorry. You just acted like a total twat and never tried to be anything different.” He folded his arms. “I hate to say it, Harry, but you
John was beyond caring about what was normal or appropriate. His hand and head were thumping. "Yes. Please. I am exhausted and fucking useless right now, so please,
Sherlock brushed past him without so much as a glance, walking through the wide hallway and straight to Mycroft’s study at the back of the house; his hand reached automatically for the light switch, bulbs sparkling to life and throwing the dark-wooded furniture into view as he strode towards the armchair facing the already lit fireplace – he always sat there. It was, in his mind,
John realised later that evening, as he sat in the conservatory with Wanda ironing and humming along to the radio and the rain making quite a cacophony on the roof above them, that he hadn't yet e-mailed Dr. Moriarty; he cursed quietly to himself, not just at the fact that he'd forgotten but that he had to do it at
Perhaps you'd prefer to think me a troll, someone who would go out of their way to intentionally make you miserable. You need that extra little nudge, John, that reason to feel the way that you do. You relish the idea that you have someone to rage at, someone to blame, someone to inspire negative feelings within you because negative feelings are at least better than no feelings at all, correct?
John couldn't help it; instantly his mind jumped to 'threesome', his stomach churning at the thought. He suddenly wished he had a glass of water. "I, um, think you should probably explain before my head explodes. Please."
He had questions for his friend. Luckily for John, Sherlock was sitting in the armchair next to him, waiting.
William's eyes fixed on his, expressionless; slowly the man lifted his arm, the burning end of a cigarette glowing in the darkness as he took in a deep pull, holding it in his lungs for a few moments before exhaling and replacing the cigarette with a glass of wine instead. He took a sip, not looking away for a single second as he did all of this. He did not speak.
Yeah, okay, I can't seem to stop myself right now. -_- Hope you're all enjoying so far - here's the third chapter! R&R's appreciated!
Sherlock nodded, his eyes flickering over to where his violin case sat beside his desk. "Yes. She and my parents took me to a specialist violin maker in the city where I could try out various models and then customise mine to however I wanted it – I chose the wood, strings, design. By this point Miss Marie was fairly old, she was reaching the end of her teaching days and I believe she had become oddly fond of me; she had certainly softened by the end. She paid a rather large sum for it and refused to be compensated. She died about a year ago."
Running the water for a few seconds first to make sure it was cold enough, John rinsed out the glass he usually used at night and filled it halfway, holding it carefully as he made his way back to his pale friend. "Here." He handed it over, Sherlock's fingers wrapping around his momentarily as he took it; he watched as the young man's eyelids closed momentarily, the strangest look passing over his face almost as if he were savouring the sensation – yes, something clearly wasn't right with him if that was his reaction to the touch of another person. For the sake of Sherlock's comfort he allowed the physical contact without flinching, holding his hand still upon the glass and underneath the clammy skin of his friend and waited until he felt the pressure of a grip.
An entire ten seconds passed before finally Sherlock's jaw visibly tightened; he nodded sharply, taking the steps back to his best friend's side. "Fine. Move your hands."
He was doing it on purpose. He had to be. The intensity of the atmosphere around them had shifted from uncomfortably awkward to something else entirely, not completely dissimilar to how it had been before Sherlock had fled from the room after... taking care of John's hand. Wait,
Sherlock somehow seemed to understand that he should keep his distance, lingering in the conservatory and keeping his eyes trained away from John in a strange gesture of acquiescence; his words, however, reached John quite clearly. "I think the word you're looking for is
Sherlock’s pale, intense verdigris gaze settled heavily upon John’s face. “Oh, yes? And what is that, exactly?”
Damn him. Sherlock brushed his hands roughly down his upper legs and then stood abruptly, striding away from the armchair to stand directly beside the fireplace, the flames warming his torso as he shoved his hands into his trouser pockets; damn his observant brother and his impressions, damn his keeping quiet whilst Sherlock suffered. The word leapt out at him – suffering – and shattered into pieces in front of his eyes, burning:
John leaned forward with a tiny groan, launching himself up off of the sofa and looking down at his friend with raised eyebrows as the clock in the dining room chimed out 4pm. "Cup of tea?"
William dropped his half-smoked cigarette to the ground and crushed it with his heel, bringing the glass of wine up to his lips and taking a long sip. "Not at all. I'm glad you've found something to substitute for happiness, and alcohol probably
Sherlock stood back up on two legs and gave John a once-over that would seem licentious if it had been made by a human. "You're still wearing something," he pointed out.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips in disapproval. "I'll give you his assistant's number. She'll make sure you get set up properly for your wages and pension."
John grins against the skin of Gerald's neck, Gerald's hair falling over his head like a curtain as he kisses John's head.
Still, it's a nice change, having a patient who minds him and who doesn't question John's expertise. John's confident that Gerald will follow his directions for recovery as well, and probably to the letter, unlike half his patients at the surgery.
"You are my heart and Moriarty knew it, even before I did. Everything I did was only because I wanted to protect you."
short hallway. A door on the right and a door at the end, partially opened, the room beyond it cast in shadows. The sun has only been down about an hour.
Sherlock allows her to cup the nape of his neck and press his head down on her shoulder. (She almost has to reach up on tippy toes to do it, but the heels on her shoes give her the extra height she needs.) Much to his dismay, Sherlock finds his own eyes watering.
It's not the physical pain so much as the psychological pain of being violated, and that's the whole point. Rape isn't about sex. It's about power, which is why heterosexual men like Danilo can get an erection in order to rape a man. The second time Danilo rapes him, he doesn't even bother to use spit and he tears the skin around Sherlock's anus. The anal fissure is large enough that Sherlock's rule about not giving Danilo the satisfaction of vocalizing his pain goes out the window. He screams into his fist. Afterwards, he's in agony and there's no way to clean himself. He worries that having a bowel movement with an open wound will cause an abscess and that he'll die of sepsis.
He helped Sherlock clamber over the edge and into the tub, whereupon Sherlock screeched and growled exactly like a cat who'd been dumped into the bath. Quickly, John dropped his pants and stepped into the tub, sliding down before Sherlock could catch a glimpse of any of his—private bits.
Now is not the time to be thinking about Lestrade and it’s definitely not the time to be thinking of John.
"I'm having some difficulties with Sherlock's treatment. I agreed to be Sherlock's doctor during his recovery
And then one day, John woke up to find a naked man sleeping in his bed. Not that there was anything wrong with finding a naked man in his bed—he quite liked finding naked men in his bed—but seeing as how the man was lying in the place of his dragon, it was an alarming development. It was Sherlock—of course it was Sherlock. Who else could it be? And yet, staring at the milky skin and dark, outrageously unruly hair and the hint of pink lips smooshed into the pillow—he felt suddenly bereft.
"You can't!" Sherlock says, running to intercept him. He grabs John by the shoulders. "This is too important!"
John's dick, which had taken a nap during all the talking and laughing bits, wakes up, but John, ever practical, says, "You know, I can't—I can't really wear that for that many hours. I'd at least have to take it out when I had to, you know—" and Sherlock rolls his eyes, and says, "It's
