I got up onto the bed, straddling his thighs, and slapped my hands onto his arse cheeks—not as hard as when I was spanking him, although he still jerked and hissed in pain. Digging my thumbs into the crack of his arse, I spread him wide, exposing his pucker.
for the first time in months. There was no future with a kid Andrew's age, even if John wasn't still stupidly in love with Sherlock. Yet it would be nice to have a regular partner for sex, especially someone with such a
and the thought of Sherlock's cock pushing into him makes his head swim. He avoids Sherlock's eyes. "I've never—not, not a—just fingers. Only—yeah, that. Fingers."
"Hello," she says in a husky, measured voice. If John wasn't in love with Sherlock, he would
Sherlock swallows visibly and sits on the edge of the chair nearest the door. Clearly, John's not the only one fighting the urge to flee.
"You like me manhandling you," Sherlock purrs, tongue licking over John's throat.
Sherlock's head whipped around to stare at John, and there was an intensity in the way his eyes raked over John that reminded him of the man in the warehouse, the one who'd tried to bribe John to spy on Sherlock. Only in this case, John felt as though Sherlock could read in John's eyes his every sexual desire, each act, the fantasies.
"Wow, that's. Not helpful
Old Man—well I dont think John would apreshiat me calling him an old man, lol!!!!
"I can't believe this. You're just—" John begins, shaking his head in amazement.
, why are you here?"
"Oi! Sherlock! D'you have—" Greg began, but I cut him off.
practically moved in already and John was an idiot for paying rent on his poopy little flat in Chiswick. (Dad
This line and the one about Sherrinford being "the best of them" is a paraphrased quote from
"What on earth are you doing?" he asks.
is charming. I've forgotten what we were talking about, but I'll be dammed if I let John know it, and anyway, he seals my silence (or, at least, my ability to form actual words) when he tilts my chin up, ducks his head,  and licks his way from my Adam's apple to where my neck meets up with my shoulder, right over my pulse. I automatically tilt my head back, inviting him to take what he wants. His tongue begins swirling its way up my throat to my ear.
Sherrinford and the girls make their way out of the kitchen and John turns to Violet, intending to put himself at her disposal to help with dinner. Before he can say anything, though, she grabs his hand and pulls him off to a shadowed corner of the kitchen.
"Your sisters—the twins—how old are they?"
John would comfort him when he was obviously drowning in anguish.
his mother's voice said,
Immediately, I hit an obstacle on the road to carnal bliss and screech to a halt.
," he said and loomed over John. "Even now, I want to touch you. But at some point it stopped being
Now, the thought of his mother finding his body made him sick, as a father and as a son.
Before John could respond, Mrs. Hudson began to cry. "Oh, those poor boys! And Louisa was so close to her grandmother, you know?" This seemed to be directed at John, who opened his mouth and then closed it, realizing he had no idea what to say because, no, he
Sherlock missed his mother and John. He missed Louisa. He'd refused Audrey's help and her advice, but she wouldn't let Louisa visit him at his flat. He could come see Louisa,
John's surprised at how fond of the Holmeses he's become in such a short time. He wants to reach out and tousle Charysa's hair, but stops himself. Instead he gives her a grin and a wink when she pouts at him.
," John said, as he gathered up his stuff. "Marry me, Nadia?"
SECRET Christmas presents. After we open them I will tell you all about it and
ever been the receptive partner in anal sex?"
"I know you can't really—I know promises are unrealistic. The future is unknown, but if anybody tries to take you away from me—please, promise me you won't let them."
A shiver of excitement goes through John at this mysterious reply.
ten hour shift, so he was spending Sunday night at his flat as well, and wouldn't be able to see Sherlock until Tuesday after work. He had a short shift that day and could come over in the early afternoon.
I am greeted with a stunned silence and a sputtering Darrow says loudly, "You can't mean that, John! You've worked so hard to restore your ancestral heritage!"
I scramble to obey. John manhandles me further into position and, when he's satisfied, I'm on my forearms, arse in the air, legs spread widely to account for the height difference, cock bouncing obscenely every time we shift on the mattress. He grabs each half of my arse and kneads them, fingers digging into the flesh, making me groan weakly. I think I hear him growling right before he buries his face in my arse and I lose track of everything else except this—John's tongue and lips and fingers and the always pulsing need that I feel in my balls and my arse and my cock. John mercilessly drives the notes of my voice higher and breathier and with each whimper and squeak, each unmanly, undignified sound that falls from my lips, he growls louder and snarls harder, and attacks my arsehole as though it's a recalcitrant army private that he's been personally tasked by the Queen herself to beat into fighting order.
"Are you here to hand out some emotional blackmail, Mycroft? Because that's what it sounds like to me."
"Cup of tea sounds marvelous," John says, and winks at her. "I never pass up an offer of tea."
Then the door burst open and it
. "So, he's said that? To you?"
teeth.
With that, Oasis turned to the bartender, who came over to talk to her, leaving me in peace. Reluctantly, and with great trepidation, I allowed myself to open the box in the attic of my mind that was hidden away behind everything else.
"Of course! I'll send Jenny up with a tray. I also have some
usually talk to about stuff that you have to talk about in private. I took Dad up to my room (because I had taken the box up to my room) and asked Dad What is this ring for? He told me I was
wouldn't because I loved that I was the ONLY ONE WHO KNEW BOTH
The Holmes sisters play Cupid.
In an echo of my move from Tuesday night, John held his arms out and began to slowly turn. My eyes lingered on every part—the muscles in his thighs and the skin that slid over them as he moved. His arse—oh, it was
! I looked like a fool blundering around asking people if they knew where you were. I ran to Greg's office, saw it was empty, and knew you were gone. Do you know how many times I texted you? That's a rhetorical question and I really don't want to hear the answer because I know that
"I—" Sherlock began. What could he say?
It was improbable someone like that would fall into my lap without effort on my part, and the idea of wasting time
? Why? What's going on Sherlock?" John looked up at the flat, waiting for some unknown threat to come flying down after Sherlock.
Nadia laughed, and beamed her dimples at him. "Not at all, Dr. Watson. As your nurse, it's my duty to see that you are up to optimal performance and you, sir, are up to nothing except a hot shower and a long nap. I've already cleared it with Dr. Sawyer and she said she can take over if it gets busy."
"Smug bastard. Go get something to clean that up," he said, meaning the puddle of his seed I was attempting not to roll into. "Then let's go to sleep."
"decide—"
"Yeah," she says solemnly, her face twisting with guilt. "Bloody Mycroft, too."
, I think. Then,
* The chapter count has gone up
is why Sherlock didn't want him here—he knew that John would find this difficult. They're all looking at him in expectation,
"Yeah, but, you can't say that doesn't make you smarter than most people, coming from this family," John says diplomatically.
"Are you confessing that
Sherlock looked away, face unhappy. He tapped the tabletop with the fingers of one hand. Then he stilled, and John sat up, instinctively aware of that stillness and its implied import.
"Well, to be fair, I have a better memory than most of the human race," Sherlock said, only partially joking.
"What? Tell me what you sometimes think—that I respect you and that you're vital to my work and my well-being? That you're my best friend? That I share everything with you, more than I've ever shared with anyone? That I care for you? Because if those are the things you sometimes think, then you are correct."
She tisks slightly as she pours some milk into the bottom of her mug, then places it on the counter before reaching for the kettle. "You need to rest more, dear," she scolds gently, waving an accusing finger at me. She dumps two spoonfuls of sugar into each cup before stirring both of them thoroughly. "I wish someone could be here all the time to tell you that."
Sherlock felt suddenly drained yet satisfied at once. “I guess she really is John Watson’s child,” he said wryly, extending his hand tentatively over Rosie’s prone form. He hesitated, fingers hovering in the air. Mrs. Hudson’s open affection emboldened him after a moment, and he began gently swiping his thumb over her temples.
I should probably hate 'William' for making my life worse, but I can't hate him when I don't even know him yet. And even though Carver and Derek act like it's bad for your soulmate to be of the same sex, I know it isn't, and I've never thought it is. I'm just scared, is all: scared of being with a guy in
Sherlock pronounces 221B as his own, and he and Mrs. Hudson celebrate with tea. But a touchy subject comes up, and Sherlock doesn't talk to her again until the next day. This conversation isn't any less awkward.
"You forgot the tea," he whispers, and he supposes the way John laughs must mean he did something correctly to preserve this instant in his continuum. This lovely man, his soldier on the front line, simply pulls away and glances at the counter, then at his watch that Sherlock recognizes as a gift from his mother.
Then, I feel a searing pain along my left shoulder as I try and shift.
Sherlock only nodded, silently grateful. “Have fun with your ‘business matters’.”
Sometimes John watched me too, but there was something I couldn’t quite define resting behind his eyes. He looked at me as if I was something precious, like I had personal merit. If only he had known where I’d been, what I’d seen, what I’d done. The novelty of my deductions tended to lose its luster for most. John was someone I’d grown...fond of. How he could feel any such fondness in return was slightly baffling, especially to a sociopath.
But then, I remember that my name isn't really Sherlock, and William is probably just as common as John.
He started taking on cases again, when everything got to be too much, when John’s avoidance and distance—or in some cases, when his presence—made him feel as unwanted as his childhood peers’ words had; when simply shooting up wasn’t enough to rid him of his own inadequacy. Cases, in all honesty, were the only thing keeping him from overdosing. The only other thing he could think of would be intimacy with John, and that was a very far fetched thing indeed: so, cases it was.
He startled when he heard a noise coming from the staircase; he stilled.
Before he lost his resolve, he flushed the syringe in the sink. The cocaine coursed through his veins, slithering along his arms. Sweat beaded on his brow, matted hair slicked to his forehead. He shook with the overwhelming rapture pulsing in his head. The syringe clattered into the sink basin as another intense bout of almost dizzying euphoria flashed through him.
I would just know their name, the lone, colored title branded on the underneath of my wrist, and I wouldn't even have seen the color of my marking. Then, I would never know if someone was able to deal with my alleged idiosyncrasies, like I had asked Mummy doubtfully, so many times.
The sentence is so stupidly, plainly, mundanely simple, so why, then, does it shake him to his very core? Why are John's eyes making him question himself so much? He's moved past these insecurities. He shouldn't be shaking, should he?
Gladstone barks in what sounds like happiness, pawing at my legs and wiggling his stub of a tail. His slobbery mouth nips at my fresh trousers, and I lightly scold him before settling into my chair and tentatively calling him into my lap. He leaps up, nuzzling his head into the crook of my arm, and then he lays, curled in my lap.
Gladstone abruptly whimpers beside me, and without glancing at him I know what this present is for.
I flinch, and she clasps her hand over her mouth, realizing what she's said.
". I glare daggers at him momentarily before Lestrade gives me a pleading look, and I sigh long-windedly.
“As you wish,” I said, to which John smiled fully. His teeth gleamed in the street lamps, eyes scrunched and filled to the brim with warmth.
“What’d you want to talk about?” Victor said, taking a smooth stone between his fingers and launching it into the water.
. It was almost insulting.
I suppose all I can hope for now is that his personality isn't as dull as his title.
. I register the fact vaguely, tugging at my sleeve and smoothing my hands over my pants. The shades of gray are starting to get to me.
"I heard you were in Afghanistan getting shot at." His eyebrows knit together as he continues,"What happened?"
When he was younger, he had been obsessed with his own self-image. The fact that he could never color coordinate outfits, nor even begin to identify the colors of his own features, always niggled at the back of his mind like an annoying itch unable to be scratched. He remembered on one occasion having his mother detail the raven of his hair, the alabaster of his skin, and the striking blue of his eyes. Her words and fascination hung on the indecision of his eyes, how they seemed to leap from blue to green to gray depending on the lighting.
"When we were in the morgue and you burnt your hand with hydrochloric acid," he smiles. One spoonful of sugar. "Then two weeks later when Greg interrupted us at a crime scene." Another scoop in Sherlock's mug. "Five weeks later when Mrs. Hudson bought us milk, then another 19 days later when Mycroft spied on us dancing. 24 more at the Christmas party in the closet."
Suddenly, I hear all of the boys file back into the room, roudy and soggy as they go to their cots to retrieve their shoes and socks. I turn to my alarm clock, whatever-color numbers almost burning into my vision.
All I've seen for quite some time has been war and death and blood, and I've become acclimatized to violence in a way that could pose a few...
"Now, I believe I intended to snog you senseless," John said and used one hand to curl around the nape of Sherlock's neck and laid the other on the back of the couch to balance himself. Sherlock thought
—it was written all over his face. To his surprise, John looked away and then back, and murmured, "Eventually, maybe. Not—right now you're very—I don't want—ah, fuck. Look, at the risk of wounding your ego, I'll just come out and say it. You're very vulnerable still. I don't want there to be any confusion about us, and if I moved back in there would be."
"Oh, sweetheart, I've never thought you were respectable. Not even for a minute," John says, wiping tears from his eyes. He hooks his feet around his pettish detective and pulls him in to put a kiss on the knife of one cheekbone. Then he whispers in Sherlock's ear, "I've always suspected you were a savage in bed. I look forward to being proven right."
"Don't fret, John, don't fret. They'll be around shortly. Build up the fire in the sitting room and I'll pour us a glass of whiskey to warm us up."
(We all know that's a lie).
room?" he asked, brow furrowing.
knew he would
Iodine—I
"Well then I'm firing you as my doctor!" Sherlock cried, his voice rough with anger.
One minute, Sherlock was lost in the memory of his own failures, and the next there was banging on the door and what Sherlock thought might be John's voice calling for him throughout the flat. He was abruptly aware of being painfully cold. He looked down, and wondered when he'd turned off the water and let it drain from the tub. He was startled out of his contemplation when John shouted through the bathroom door.
Sherlock was not immune to loneliness and want of companionship, and had even developed and maintained long-term relationships. They weren’t friendships, precisely, although they often started that way. Sherlock had the inadvisable habit of sleeping with all the men he made friends with, and for the first few months it was wonderful, and he was wonderful, and the other man thought he was wonderful and told him so constantly, and the sex was fucking brilliant and Sherlock was, for a time, completely sucked into the other person’s orbit. But gradually that keen interest began to fade, and the other person’s adoration became tainted with frustration.
When John finally arrived a little before midnight, Sherlock hadn't moved from his chair. John walked into the sitting room and switched on a lamp and Sherlock winced at the sudden light. John seemed startled to see him. They stared at each other for a moment.
"Oh," Sherlock said dumbly, eyes wide, mouth hanging open. He stood a minute, staring at John until John blushed and said, "I'm kidding," the pitch of his voice lifting at the end as though it was a question instead of a statement. Sherlock shook his head and said, "No, that's actually—yes, it's wise. Sex always does—" He cleared his throat and hid his grimace behind the cabinet door as he fetched a glass. Water in hand, they recommenced their journey to the bedroom.
Breakfast is in the dining room since it has the only table big enough to seat all nine of them. John and Sherlock are at the end, across from each other. Going around the table clockwise, starting with Sherlock are: Sherrinford, Violet, Will, then Charysa at the head, Eurus, Evelyn, Mycroft and John.
A veritable treasure, indeed, and one he can enjoy without, as Sherlock wrote, dealing with a horde of Holmeses.
"Oh, well, then," John said, looking smug, although Sherlock couldn't figure out why. He turned around to finish putting everything away.
sounds that escaped his mouth.
. Wanting to sit with Sherrinford, a cup of tea in hand, lamenting the difficulties of loving the prickly and quick tempered younger Holmes brother.
"No," Sherlock said, frowning. "That's not what I meant." He paused then sat up straight, narrowing his eyes at John. "Do
"I think this is something I'd like to do again," he said without any of his initial shyness. "But of course you'd already deduced that, yeah?"
John hadn't expected to receive any gifts from the Holmeses so he's surprised and deeply pleased when Charysa hands him a large package, rectangular shaped and heavy.
." I didn't know how to articulate what I wanted. Well, that wasn't strictly true. I
John. As to what I believe will happen, there are at least four scenarios that come to mind, should I be so bold as to confess to John my secret BDSM desires which now include my desire to tie him up, bend him over my bed, spank him and then fuck him. Scenario number one—the confession makes him uncomfortable, his discomfort erodes our friendship, and he leaves. Scenario number two—he's not uncomfortable, but he's not interested in either BDSM or myself, and certainly not the two of us together, and the resultant awkwardness erodes our friendship and he leaves. Scenario number three—he's interested in BDSM, but not me, and the resultant awkwardness of his rejection erodes our friendship and he leaves. Scen—"
Andrew
If they survived the cab ride without their separate anxieties overwhelming their desire, there would be the always delicate task of determining who should pay for the cab. Sherlock had the habit of springing out of a cab and leaving whoever was behind to pay the cab driver, which was due to forgetting practical things. Sherlock decided he would pay the cab the second they pulled up in front of the flat. That decided, Sherlock moved on to the next issue—Toby.
"Apologies, Dr. Watson. My name is Audrey Holmes and I'm Sherlock's wife."
type way.
"Is that all right with you?" John asked, looking suddenly hesitant.
John found himself so furious that his fingers and face went numb as adrenaline rushed in. "I told you already—whatever you want, the answer is
"John won't
"Open it," Sherlock commands, looking serious.
John cocks an eyebrow at her. "That wasn't really funny."
for him,
." Out came a plastic container of earplugs, then a leather O-ring bit, then a soft suede blindfold. We were both rigid with anxiety by the time he'd hauled every single thing out of the box—every dildo, gag, paddle, crop, belt, prostate massager, butt plug—and piles and piles of rope—hemp, cotton, nylon, almost all an unbleached off-white, except for the bright white of the nylon rope.
, you think too much.
, he thought, feeling the tears threaten to fall. He cleared his throat.
. You—you're right about me probably ignoring you during cases. I ignore you already during cases, unless I need your help, so that's not—"
Darrow's frown begins to ease slightly, and taking me aside to a quieter area out of earshot, he says, "And she can't be persuaded to move here?"
John realized. He could smell it, then, smell her and him together, the smell of sex. He wanted to vomit.
Then we come to the
. John stood slack for a moment, telling his arms
"You have one minute," John growled, and ignored the look of dismay on Mycroft's face. But then, details he would normally not have seen before meeting Sherlock became startlingly clear. He noticed Mycroft's red and puffy eyes. His disheveled appearance, his casual clothes. He'd
John gets my shirt off in no time, and is bending to push down my pajama bottoms, not wasting time with seduction for this part. Then he's pulling me into the hot shower as I begin stroking his cock, entranced, though there was never a doubt I'd be anything other than utterly enchanted by something John-related.
At a loss, John apologizes. Violet, who's three inches taller than John and outweighs him by at least two stone, pulls him into a bone-crushing hug.
"Yeah, he talks about you every time we see him," Charysa adds.
John had realized that the absence of Greg or anyone on his team meant that they'd gotten information that made them confident they were on their way to make an arrest, and
, as Sherlock accused yesterday. The room is three times as large as their own sitting room with ceilings that reach twenty feet. Other than that, though, it might as well be
know Louisa was close to her grandmother. Mrs. Hudson leaned close to him, close enough for him to hear her without everyone else doing so. "What Sherlock did was awful, John, and I told him so every chance I got. Poor Sherlock—he was just trying so hard not to hurt anyone."
"I do," Sherlock says quietly.
, he told himself.
"Don't remind me. I'm consistently stuck between working man resentment and spoiled brat." John laughed hard at that, his face and shoulders scrunching up charmingly. "Anyway," Sherlock continued, raising his voice over John's laughter, unable to stop from grinning at the joy on John's face. He couldn't help but blurt out, "God, you really are just
"I can't sing worth shit, but in a big enough group I don't suppose I can do much harm."
"I don't know," Sherlock said. "I've never been divorced before."
"Ah, well, ohhhh," I moan while the end of his tongue slides from the helix of my ear down to the attached lobule. Unlike me, John has lovely, plump earlobes, and I have wiles away a dozen hours or more focused solely on how I might lick and suck on them were I to be offered the chance. "Oh, fuck it, I've forgotten," I finally confess.
They pull apart, and the very smile they give each other is making me (probably irrationally) angry. Before my brother met Lestrade, he almost never smiled, and everything is changing almost too quickly.
I smirk with a certain finality. "Deal," I conceed, and he smiles faintly. His smile morphs into a grin as I slyly slide a pint of lager in front of him.
So I don't.
God, when had things become so tense between them?
'. Of course she decides to message me right now, when I'm actually interested in getting to know someone.
. I suppose she's asking just for clarification.
Sherlock didn’t know. It hadn’t occurred to him.
"I used up the rest of your milk for tea, so I went to get some for you," she explains, unearthing the carton from the pools of plastic bag. Glancing around at the lack of response, she notices both Sherlock and John's mugs forgotten on the little table beside the doctor's characteristic chair.
"Be ready within five minutes; chow time in eight," I announce, and I walk out of the door, alone. Bill doesn't follow me as I venture to the chow hall, and I feel so desolate with all of the gray walls surrounding me, enclosing me, making me feel almost...claustrophobic.
for him, but I
“Christ!” yelled John, who leaped from his chair. He bounded away into the kitchen, muttering the whole way.
The water scalded him. Rivulets rolled down his back, leaving irritated and raised skin in their wake. He scrubbed shampoo so viciously into his scalp that his hands began to cramp, lathered his body in so much bar soap that he feared he might tear off layers of precious skin. It was so ungodly hot and steam was billowing up in his eyes. When he began crying, he couldn’t tell at first with the mingling of water, heat, steam, and anguish. The crying felt so visceral, but he felt so empty at the same time. It felt as if his heart had been scooped out of his chest, as if there was some empty void that needed filling.
"Shouldn't be too much trouble." She retrieves her purse from its place on the sofa, unzipping her wallet to see a crisp twenty dollar bill, along with two quarters.
. I pucker my lips and shift.
“That would be lovely,” he murmured, begrudgingly turning away from the bassinet.
His skin was pallid and yellowed like old newspaper. Cooled sweat beaded on his temples. His overcoat was greatly disheveled and wrapped around his torso like a suit of armor, to avoid prying eyes. Without his coat, he would be defenseless against the hawkish look of John’s piercing gaze. Even with the coat, his paranoia addled brain still somehow conjured up scenarios of John spotting the track marks along the flexures of his arms.
I extricate myself from my Mind Palace, training my eyes on Lestrade's face as he looks at me warily.
I ponder Mrs. Hudson's assumption that it would be a he, but only for a moment as I remember she's asked me a question. Without any hesitation, I blurt it out:
"No," he admits, because that notion is perfectly plausible, but the other is patently, terribly, utterly unthinkable. He cannot comprehend it, and he can comprehend anything, mind you. "It is so farfetched that John Watson is attracted to me."
"Oh...bloody
"And then?" Ella prompts, writing something else in her book, flipping idly to the next page like I'm not pouring my heart out to her, a
I just want to feel warm again.
I let my thumb run over the teared top corner of the Polaroid photo, reading the writing scrawled on the bottom corner.
find him, Sherlock," Greg cuts in, placing a refraining hand on Mycroft's. "It'll just take some time. Myc and I were older than you when we first met." The D.I. smiles at me, but I'm too busy hating the repulsively sentimental nickname he just referred to my brother as. I want someone to refer to me like that.
,” he reiterated, flailing his hands inadequately. The strength with which he said the word seemed to peter out as he said, quieter, “Nothing is the same. It hasn’t been for quite some time. I don’t know why—I
"Sherlock, calm down," Lestrade chimes, showing the palms of his hands in a sort of submissive honesty. "We just really think you could use some company, is all."
Sherlock always makes the lot of them sound like utter idiots; couldn't he make it a little less obvious how dumb he finds all of Greg's workers? The D.I. shakes his head slightly as he glances down to the woman and remembers why he deals with Holmes' insults in the first place; because he needs him. Because they're friends.
You two are such lovebirds!
Every one of his worries seemed to melt away. John’s indifference and Mary’s death, Eurus’s betrayal and Moriarty’s existence—nothing existed in this moment but fire in his veins. His fingertips danced against his arms, sending pleasurable ripples over his body. His mind was blissfully blank, permeated by nothing but tranquility. He was weightless, without gravity or time. Thoughts floated around idly. His heart swelled with love, safety, security. It felt like childhood, like being swaddled in your mother’s embrace—being kissed goodnight and tucked into the duvet. Tea in the early morning; the warmth of a long hug.
Life continued as it always had. After discovering his soulmate’s name, nothing changed for Sherlock except for his expectations and impatience. He selfishly wished he could have had Victor’s name on his wrist, if only to have his soulmate
“Smack is only £250 per gram.”
21 February 12:52
best man!"
What seemed to be an agonizing amount of time later, though in actuality was less than fifteen minutes, the cab pulled up to the kerb adjacent to the grocery store. Sherlock staggered from the car, practically throwing a wad of pound notes at the cabbie, who received the surplus of money with beaming appreciation.
"It isn't merely "stuff", John; it's hydrocloric acid. I was trying to see whether human fingers or human toes corrode faster." She hears a heavy sigh, from John, she presumes.
Yet another time, I had bruised lips and other grazes littering my body. As much as it pains me to say it, no pun intended, I had a run for my money fighting against one of our suspects. I suppose Sherlock thought kissing me would be a good form of comfort. Yeah, it hurt like hell instead.
“So far so obvious,” I said, pulling off my latex gloves and crumpling them into a ball.
"No, he's rather nice," I admit, going for honesty. "It's just-"
"Yeah, okay," I confirm, nodding faintly, and she slowly goes behind her desk. All I receive is a half-hearted wave and a nod before she says,"Have a nice day, John."
"Look at how Faggot Watson is wincing, Derek!"
Silences were comfortable and common. John would sit in his armchair, scanning the morning paper, tapping his foot to some melody which was stuck in his head as he sipped his mug of Earl Grey. Sherlock would lay on the sofa, hands steepled under his chin, tucked away in his Mind Palace reviewing some recent case.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Depends." I shrug at her questioning look, running my fingers along the smooth fabric stretched over the arms of the chair. She glances at my hands.
“You. Acting like you don’t need anybody.”
At some indefinable point in his travels, Sherlock had decided it would be beneficial to have company. Almost without conscious thought, he had ended up at St. Bartholomew's hospital, seeking out Molly.
“What’s wrong?” she said. He supposed it was obvious he was afflicted by something, what with his admission to not knowing the reason for his presence. Sherlock always made it a point to have a motivation for everything, to have some force which propelled him. Not now—he was too tired, acting on whims and subconscious.
He continues down the front steps before Sally stops him with a call of,"Hey, Greg?!" Honestly, can his employees give him a break for upwards of two minutes before they have to ask him something? He winces; he supposes he's being a bit of a hypocrite, considering how often he goes running to consult Sherlock.
“I don’t have a preference,” said Sherlock, approaching John like one might an unpredictable animal. He settled in the space next to him, ushered under and bundled in the swaddle of covers by John’s eager hands. It was nice, he found, to have a solid warmth engulfing him; not to mention that it was John’s ministrations which had resulted in the blanket’s positioning.
Sherlock took the drink with shaking fingers. “Thank you,” he said sincerely, a vague sense of deja vu nipping at the edges of his vision. This exchange seemed to bring every image of John from the past several years to mind, swelling in his head—John in the early morning after a shower, John cradling Rosie in his strong arms, John brewing tea, John slanted against the wall and laughing in a way neither of them had in a
"You're...one to talk, Carver...having a soulmate named
. "Have you gotten
The high was indescribable. It was like sinking into a hot bath after a day of strenuous work, feeling muscles loosen and relax. It was like walking into Baker Street and being greeted by Rosie and John with open, extended arms awaiting an embrace. It was like pushing John up against a wall, edging his knee between his groin, pressing kisses flush against his neck, trailing them down—
I raise my arm and shout to hail a cab, and it just so happens one is coming around the bend of this street. They spot me, and the car sidles up to the pavement as I make my way to it, opening up the door.
He looked around at several other addicts who littered the room. Some were nestled on the sofa, faces smashed into the cushions, comatose due to drugs; others were strewn on the floor, or slanted against walls, murmuring. One couple, a man and a woman, stood pressed against a window on the opposite side of the room. The man’s trousers hung low on his waist, and the woman’s blouse was disheveled. The man was tittering happily, skinny and small, slumped against his wife’s broad shoulders. They both stared out at the skyline, taking turns smoking a quickly dying cigarette.
"Oh, well that's very kind of you," he smirks, swinging his umbrella too cheerily; I'm not sure how Lestrade can stand the man. He saunters up to me and pats my shoulder as he tugs the D.I. along. "Well, we'll be off now, brother dear. I'll see to your...preparations for the wedding."
21 February 13:45
A thought occurred to him and it seemed suddenly imperative he voice it aloud. “Where’s Rosie?”
21 February 12:49
"Wh-where is my cuff? For my wrist? Where...is it?" I stutter, trying desperately to calm my shaky breaths.
Sherlock staggered to his feet and set off towards Victor’s house, which was only about a hundred feet away from his own. The prospect of speaking with Eurus made his skin prickle uncomfortably. He obviously loved his sister, but something in her eyes was too calculating and unorthodox. Coming from him, that was even more unusual and frightening.
He thanked Mrs. Hudson for the tea, rose from his chair, kissed Rosie on her forehead, and made his way back to his flat.
"John?"
Splotches of gray nip at the edges of my closed eyes, licking at the darkness as if it's their sustenance. I have the awareness to register it, but I don't
I'm silently pleased at the way his lips curl into an almost snarl. Lestrade finally intervenes, though, pulling at my brother's arm incessantly.
We both saunter into the kitchen and she slides a plate of biscuits onto the dining table before she goes to turn on the kettle. I smile politely at her before I take one in my hand, popping it promptly into my dry mouth. Guess I haven't had many beverages today, but I'm not sure I've even had anything to drink at all.
"Probably," he said, tilting his head from side to side like he was considering the problem.
," Sherlock says to him, not bothering to whisper.
enough to chase after him builds up his ego and drums up his libido.
"See? We're destined for each other!" Sherlock said, then—realizing how it sounded, amended, "Destined to be flatmates, I mean."
in order to be there for him. He didn't have to be Sherlock's lover to offer him solace today. Today, Sherlock needed John to be his
"No," he said sternly. Sherlock's face fell but John didn't see it—he'd already turned back to making his tea. Sherlock fitted himself behind John at the counter, grasping John's hips and pulling him back against Sherlock's still hopeful cock. "John," Sherlock hummed in a deep voice. "Let me at least suck you off before you go to work."
"Definitely," John says. "Shamelessly, in fact."
. You smell like her fucking
Dad told me if I told John before he
doesn't get mad at stuff like that. He is SO COOL.
"Ugh," she growled, pushing my hand away. "Idiot boy!
Georgie and his boy arrive with the truck. I'd hoped one or the other would come alone and then I'd have to drive out to help them hook up Sherlock's bike, but no luck. I start to follow Sherlock out, but he whips around and stops me. For a minute, his mouth moves without any sound, and I see my own sorrow reflected in his eyes.
In "The Greek Interpreter," Holmes says, "My ancestors were country squires, who appear to have led much the same life as is natural to their class."
He blurts out, "So, are they nice? Your family?"
"Mycroft's wife," Eurus and Charysa say at the same time.
P. S. If you receive an email that this chapter has posted right before the archive goes down, then I'm so sorry, but I had to get it posted before noon.
The next day, long after Sherlock had been beset by John and Mrs. Hudson, first to eat, then to clean, and finally ordered to bed for a decent night's sleep, Sherlock waited anxiously for John. Even though John had promised he would be here after work, Sherlock found himself skeptical. After all, there were plenty of reasons John
"It's a cheque for £500," Sherlock leans over to tell him. "That means you're family now."
"That's the rule," Charysa says.
"I wasn't asking—wait,
"Sherlock!" Violet says, going red.
"Gah, that joke is so old," Eurus says, glaring at Sherlock. Her straight dark hair is pulled back into a ponytail and she's wearing jeans and an unflatteringly oversized cable knit jumper. She's pretty, but without makeup and in the clothes she's wearing, it's like she's trying to hide her beauty.
Sherlock groans, "John," drawing John's name out so that it sounds like
. He worked methodically through the chore and when he was done, he piled it all by the kitchen door. He put his dressing gown in a laundry bag and added it to the pile. Then he went to shower.
Sherlock bristled, mind buzzing now with impatience and vexation. “As much as I’d love to chat about your assumptions, I’m rather trying to shoot up at the moment. Is Klaas around?”
"Give me that!" Sherlock growls, and he looks none too happy as he snatches the phone from the D.I.'s hand and shoves it against his ear.
"Sherlock!" John scolds, rising from his crouched position. The doctor looks sternly at his flatmate before turning to Greg apologetically.
“There is something called fate, y’know,” Victor smiled, tossing another pebble into the water below. “If it’s meant to be, it’ll be.”
Mum pulls away, and despite her trying to swipe them away discretely, I see the tears beading in the corners of her eyes. I reach my hand out, drag my thumb over her eyes, and I see a small smile tug at her lips.
The familiar pressure of tears welled in Sherlock’s eyes. He rubbed at his face, hands shaking desperately, then ghosted them over the back of his head. He couldn’t discern anymore what his symptoms were due to: withdrawal, heartache, anxiety.
Another time where he almost pushed me into the Thames...
"Hmm, yellow." He sounds like he rolls it around in his mouth. "Should've known because of the shade and characteristics, but thank you for the confirmation."
feel bad to disappoint her.
tears. I quickly swivel to face the window, letting out a shaky puff of air and splaying a hand over my heart; it's beating too hard.
Sherlock shed his overcoat and wrenched his left sleeve up, tightening the cuff above the crook of his elbow. His veins bulged in the curve of his arm, glowing faintly blue in the overhead fluorescent lights. Even despite the dim lighting, he could pick up the faded scars from past injections, discolored circles in the skin superimposed over spidery veins.
"Yes, Mummy," I respond, fidgeting with the, supposedly blue, fabric constricting my neck. "But what is blue like? Describe it to me," I demand, shifting to sit on my haunches.
Her eyebrows furrowed, nose scrunching endearingly. “Have you been drinking?” she half-whispered, grasping his bicep with a steadying hand.
"17," I say instantly, trying to rein in my breath. Somehow, he manages to inch his hand up my back.
Sherlock hummed past the lip of the mug. “Muscle aches, runny nose, stomach pain, lack of appetite—“
"Oh, my mistake. I'll just have Mrs. Hudson show you the exit." I smile saccharinely, mock waving my hand at them as I gesture to the door. Mycroft remains rooted to the couch, although his face scrunches up even more, if that's even possible.
He opened the door with as much calm as he could muster only to be greeted by Mycroft. His pinhole thin pupils focused dazedly.
“What did Mycroft’s soul-marking say?”
“Has Victor gotten his mark yet?” his mother said with faint interest after a brief pause.
I'm glad he found his soulmate; I'm not selfish enough to loathe him for it." I hear Lestrade chuckle from the seat beside mine.
"Well, it's hard to describe it, Sherlock. I could tell you that blue feels cool and soothing, like ice, or that it's relaxing and nonconforming, like waves, or that it's crisp and cool, like blueberries. Or I could tell you it's depressing, correlated with tears, or it's soothing and soft, like a breeze. But I know you'd particularly loathe those answers, so I'm afraid I can't answer your question. There are no scientific facts or adjectives I could use to describe any color, and when you first see blue, you'll know exactly what I mean."
"I wouldn't be able to offer anything physical to him," I stutter, stalking across the room. "Maybe a kiss or a touch; ugh, I don't even think I have the capacity to
He blinked the sleep from his eyes, rubbing a hand over his eyelids when sunlight assaulted him. His head pounded, like someone was banging drums inside his skull. His brain seemed to be swimming. His mouth was cotton-dry, scratchy and raw. A cough rattled out of his throat.
Disappointed, I exit Bart's and try fitfully to hail a cab. The handsome man named Sherlock isn't my William; it hasn't really sunk in yet.
"Sherlock?"
Bill applies pressure to my shoulder and,
"Hey, Captain, stay with me!"
"Uh...I have the autopsy here...for you...," she mumbles, glancing to the burn along the purlicue of Sherlock's left hand.
But alas, staying in the bathroom would only rouse John’s suspicion. If he didn’t turn up sooner or later, John would find him regardless. So, after staring at the doorknob as if perhaps it held some greater importance, and biting against his already bitten down fingernails, he eventually opened the door.
“I hate the way things are now. Things used to be so simple.” Heavy breathing; tightening of John’s hand. “I remember when I first met you. You were like a bloody hurricane—either I made way for you or I perished. You were like a ticking time bomb, like a...like a child with a handgun. You were so brilliant yet so stupid sometimes: it was endearing. You were so,” a small unintelligible noise, “frustratingly endearing.”
I spin the skull in my hands, expecting to feel happier about this whole soulmate thing. Frankly, though, I'm terrified of John Watson and what he might be.
“Fine, that’s fine,” John would say, not even looking up from his newspaper, or Rosie’s baby food, or whatever trinket had captured his attention.
, I think, my mind drifting to thoughts of what the two colors look like. Even so, the fact still remains that tomatoes are, indeed, red, and grass is, indeed, green.
. He would flush the cocaine and the rest of the heroin down the loo when he got home. Everything was under control. After all, he wasn’t some amateur.
Sherlock, dear, what are you doing? It's awfully quiet. I swear you're going to give me a heart attack.
Sherlock holds off on looking at his marking, but there's only so long a young man can wait. Once he looks, he has an enlightening conversation with his mother and an interesting encounter with a quote on the internet.
"Ah, Anneliese. Or what's your current name?" I ask casually, studying the compressed bag of materials held under her arm. My eyes shift back to her face to see a purely professional smile on her lips.
Just a bit, thought Sherlock, just enough to get through this. John would understand, surely.
"John," he tries, smiling at me a little. "You and John will find each other."
Sherlock didn’t shoot up again that night. The conversation with John had burdened him with a renewed layer of guilt. It clung to him like a second skin, forced him to settle on the couch cushions and attempt to sleep restlessly. The stash called to him still, desire skirting along his skin and slithering through his veins. He patently remained on the couch, determined to sleep, to be stronger than his urges.
They had become grafted together, inseparable. One couldn’t exist without the other. To only say one’s name was to elicit that vaguely unsettling feeling like one had missed something quite obvious and quite pertinent; like there was something you were forgetting, right on the tip of the tongue.
. It's always me, with Harry, and Ma, and now Da." I glance at the ceiling.
Though something about the idea of an “other half” was, sillily enough, rather alluring. The prospect that there was someone who existed, designed as Sherlock’s perfect counterpart, mirroring him perfectly, complimenting him, accentuating his good and softening his bad, sticking around through thick and thin, was so childishly comforting. To be loved unconditionally and without reserve, and to do so in return without judgment.
Suddenly, Lestrade goes rigid beside me. His hand stops rubbing the towel over the wet utensils, and his expression is wiped completely blank. I wouldn't say I feel worried, just...
"I mean, you only ever refer to him as your 'archenemy' or your 'cake eating, intrusive arse of a brother'. Don't you think those titles are just the teeniest bit dramatic?"
A newfound invigoration surged through him, and he quickly tossed the syringe into the waste bin and tore the tourniquet from his arm.
, and you haven't said a
"What do you mean?" I find myself asking, looking at the stunned expression on the girl's face, left in Sherlock's wake. Mike makes a choked snort as I turn back around to face him.
Sherlock was wrong. It still hurt—everything hurt. He was a difficult person.
"Tomorrow, please." He suddenly sounds pleading, his pretty eyes full of fear again, and dread, and I can't help but let him leave. My grip slackens and he takes the invitation to leave almost immediately, rushing out of the double doors as a meek looking woman carries coffee this way. She looks startled.
"Maybe," I drawl, and my legs have already carried me to the door and I'm saying a tight goodbye as I slam the door shut.
He smiles. "It's gone cold already."
"You'll be alright."
“Didn’t I?” said Sherlock.
After a moment, Sherlock became used to the gentle touch, relaxing into its presence and letting out a low, almost imperceptible hum in appreciation. Another weight then moved to the crown of his head: fingers skirted over his scalp, scratching gently and stroking through coarse hairs. A low almost-purr escaped Sherlock, who altered his position slightly to accommodate John’s presence. Tentative, tender peals of laughter chimed in response, eventually petering out into a sobering silence.
if only so the ache will go away. His hands steady me, though, and I feel something cold bite into my flesh.
"Please...
Sherlock would never have admitted to being pleasantly surprised at his friend’s enthusiasm. “Well, it said John. I only saw it today.”
Sorry I took so long to post this thing. My life has been very hectic recently, going on vacation, then just getting my license and preparing to start school. I have a lot of ideas for this story and one main endgame, but I was very wishywashy about what should happen next. Let me know what you guys think of this chapter.
Mycroft pointedly stirred sugar into his tea, then took a long, self-satisfied sip. “You took a tad longer than expected,” he said, pacing into the living room. There was something strange about his facial expression; his features were forced into false rigidity, masking an underlying discomfiture and vexation. “Figured you wouldn’t mind,” he said, extending the mug in indication.
John grimaced but looked as if he understood. “It’ll help with your fatigue. You’re shaking, Sherlock.”
...," I finally grate out, and I thought the confession might make me feel better, but I just feel worse.
"I had another nightmare yesterday." I push my gaze, force it to stay on Ella. It's uncomfortable to look at her.
“Fuck off,” he growled, blood curdling and searing inside him. His heartbeat grew into a quick paced ache, bashing against his sternum. If he didn’t find some smack soon, he would crumble. “Fuck off, fuck off, fuck
It changed his mind.
I slam the door behind me.
The British Government merely smiles, rises with his china in hand, and walks over to place it gently in the kitchen sink. Mycroft's precision strikes an odd cord in the detective as he swivels and makes his way to the window. If it's even possible, his smirk curls wider. "Oscillation on the pavement always means there's a love affair."
"And why is that?" I growl. "Why do I allegedly need company?" Scrubbing a hand over his face, the DI sighs in a way that oddly reminds me of Mycroft; I guess they're rubbing off on each other.
Apparently they're always ill timed.
He arrived at the corner of Baker Street to see the figure of a woman just coming to a stop at his doorstep, hand poised as if about to knock. Sherlock recognized her immediately as Anthea—or whatever she called herself these days—who was carrying a rather substantial parcel under her arm. She saw him approaching and flashed a look of detached acknowledgement.
"What do you bloody want?!" John scratches the back of his head momentarily before rocking on the balls of his feet. Lestrade makes a motion to ask if this is the right time for him to leave; he gets an affirmative in response.
My eyes catch the writing on my wrist, and I look down at John's name.
"There should only be a few more, Captain..." (Bill's voice wrenches my eyes open, which I'm grateful for.) He says it softly, almost as if he thinks he needs my forgiveness to rationalize the pain he knows he's putting me through. I don't really care about the pain, or how it started; I just want it to
No smack, he swore as he staggered off the couch, preening at his immense self-control.
Completely on the gurney, I suddenly feel dizzy as they swiftly clamor to the Black Hawk a short distance away. I register the stomp of feet as I stiffly turn my head again to look at my fallen comrades one last time.
"I heard them grumbling about being woken up so early," he says, a small smile on his face as he goes to get his own shoes on. "Then again, I heard what woke them up, too."
Sherlock winced, subconsciously rubbing a hand over the crook of his elbow, where the antecubital vein resided beneath his overcoat. “No smack.”
"Well, I'd say...aubergine...it's a deep, rich, beautiful purple," she explains, and I can only imagine what the sight will look like.
“Fuck,” he sighed, body sagging with relief when the solution entered his bloodstream. Suddenly, his heartbeat was languid and measured, pulsing pleasurably. The restlessness and paranoia of the cocaine entangled with the fresh dose of heroin, melting away into something placid. Greedily, though somewhat clumsily, he drew back the plunger and watched blood curl inside the barrel again before reinjecting. The second rush of residual smack flowed through him and he winced with the onslaught.
die on me, John!" Another curse. "Stanley! Get your
—he would still forgive John, because he was Sherlock Holmes and where John Watson was concerned, he could never seem to hold ill-will. John was his conduit, his conductor, his savior, his damsel—he was many things.
I observe the medics as they carry a gurney over to me, their clunky boots hammering against the terrain. It's an oddly reassuring sound after having such a long, loud, low ringing in your ears.
, this feels good.”
“At least drink some tea.” John held out the mug, to which Sherlock took it with some hesitation. He had a small sip, noting the tang of lemon and the sweet syrupy characteristic of honey as the liquid slid down his throat. It was soothing, albeit uncomfortable. “What other symptoms do you have?”
He gasped, body arching then going flaccid. His head lolled back, harsh coolness of porcelain seeping into his temples. The world seemed to sway although he was slumped over, sat squarely on his bottom, and fixated on a singular point across from him.
Her smile falters.
“Sure,” said John, “I’ll be waiting for you.” He smiled in what was probably intended to be a reassuring way, settling a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Just take your time.”
“Right, okay.” John laughed stiffly. “I guess not much has changed.”
21 February 13:07
self-control.
21 February 11:55
She snorts derisively. "I'll gladly give it to you. Don't want to see that Freak anyway," she replies, swiftly handing him the phone and practically hurtling herself down the steps, despite her heels. Greg stares after her for a moment before turning back to whence he came.
I see an old Chinese proverb quote on an image, so I enlarge the photo and read:
John smiled sadly. “Broken,” he amended.
"Alright. What would you like to talk about then, John?" She scratches something else into her book, then she clicks the pen and places it on her desk; she already knows I don't want to talk anymore.
"You gotta stay with me, John."
Sighing, I amble to the door, twisting the knob and starting down the stairs. I breach the final door of the flat complex, rays of sunlight pooling around me and causing a tingly feeling to creep into my stomach. Several birds chirp as I listen to couples chatter animatedly. I smile slightly.
“You should get going,” I said amicably to John, who had a sort of lost expression. After all, he had Rosie and Hamish waiting for him at home with Molly: and after that abuse case and debacle with John’s ex wife Mary, I honestly didn’t trust leaving the kids without John in reach. “Hamish and Rosie will be excited to see you.”
." He turns abruptly to the D.I.; probably at the explicit use of his full name. "We've got to go."
Any intentions of lying seemed to melt away at her open and awed expression, mingled with her deadly serious mein. “Yes,” he said, proffering his right wrist as if in indication.
Mycroft rolled his eyes but had a somewhat fond look. Then, he walked down the stairwell and left Sherlock to withdraw alone.
I personally think I’ve grown a lot as an author and a person in the past couple years, and hopefully that can be seen in the revamp. I also plan on trying to post new works to this fandom and others very soon.
Molly finally makes her way to the door, glancing through the glass at the odd tenderness of Sherlock's voice. Through the glare of lights, she sees the slight flush of the tips of John's ears as he dampens Sherlock's hand with a paper towel.
To pity me.
21 February 13:58
Anxiety flared in his chest.
Experiencing the rapture of a heroin high made sober life gravely miserable. Once one has experienced the rush of smack in their veins, the overwhelming surge of pleasure—the feeling of being whole, safe, warm, happy—anything other than that feeling seems to never be enough. Life after heroin could never be the same as it had been before it. Even starting in the first place was something Sherlock regretted deeply, even when he had still been shooting up. Every time he succumbed to his urges, or couldn’t overcome withdrawal, or bought more smack, shame nipped at the edges of his mind. The only thing that made that shame abate and settle was the high. It was a vicious cycle: feel guilty for doing drugs, take drugs not to feel guilty, then go through withdrawal wanting drugs again.
"I suppose, a long time ago, we did care about each other. Maybe love is too strong a word. Why do you ask?"
Sherlock blinked, staring blankly at the space just above John’s left shoulder.
21 February 12:01
He still had dealers he could contact—even despite that after every relapse, Mycroft tried to goad him into severing contact with enablers of his “disease.” His homeless network ran deep, and much of the drugs he had scored back at his worst were from them. He had enough money saved up somewhere, he thought, enough to score just a few grams of coke and a few syringes.
It was as if the writing on his wrist was a physically painful manifestation. Something seemed to snarl beneath the soft flesh under his wrist, just below the skin’s surface. He scratched fitfully at the writing as if it caused him physical discomfort. On occasion, when the itch became almost as unbearable as that of a mosquito bite, he couldn’t help but discreetly yet forcefully pricking his wrist with a pencil.
"Of course, dear," she comfirms, and her hands are back on my face as she kisses my temple. "All I ask is that you don't let them get to you. Be proud of who you are because you are a beautiful person. Your soulmate is a beautiful person, too. Always remember that, John."
, and I let his habit continue, and now,
I promise there’s a reason behind John’s actions. Only somewhat logical to anyone but him. I know this chapter might seem like a lot more description than usual, but I’m trying to build up the tension for now.
“Fine, okay,” John stammered. “Good.”
? And then, I wonder about John. The color on your wrist is supposed to be the first color you see, so I can't help but wondering what the first blue thing I see will be.
Then, I turn my head, and I see it; an entrance wound on the left, a deep, white hole under my skin. My eyes take in the discoloration of the sand. I suddenly realize that I might not live through this.
“Oh,” Victor said. The tone of his voice seemed to exactly mirror Sherlock’s disappointment. “Oh, well that’s gonna be hard for you.”
I had been planning on a hunting tonight, but for the kids...it could wait.
“Change of plans,” he said, “drop me off at the corner.”
One time we both had been on the same case for three days straight, so he took us on a date to compensate, I suppose. But then I fell asleep and was woken up by Sherlock practically pulling the breath out of my mouth with his tongue. I couldn't breathe properly for a full five minutes. Luckily he paid the check.
a mirage.
," he corrects almost immediately, sighing a little as he leans on his elbows. He does look proud of me, though, as he smiles afterwards. "That's great, Sherlock. How about I make you a deal? If you can stay off the coke for another month, I'll let you on cases again."
"Lestrade?"
for you.”
He sheathed his arms in his overcoat, hastily slipped into his slippers, and dove for his reserve of cash hidden in a loose piece of the fireplace mantle. He made sure to tread lightly as to not wake John or Rosie from their slumber. For good measure, he left a note on the kitchen counter saying that Lestrade had needed him to swing by for a case. That was believable, Sherlock thought, although he couldn’t help looking anxiously upstairs and straining to hear any noise.
Despite John may have been opposed to it, Sherlock went downstairs to visit Rosie.
Disgustingly, they kiss before piling into the vehicle, Lestrade with an almost ditzy smile as he clamors in. I scoff as I practically throw myself into my chair; how can they be so overtly affectionate in front of me?
"You felt it necessary to count the days between each occasion," he says, more of a statement than a question. John at least has the modesty to look embarrassed, scrubbing a hand along the back of his neck with a slight, almost imperceptible nod. "Were these moments so monumental as to require counting?"
, thought Sherlock, he’d fucked up again.
, thought Sherlock, how had he ever managed to stop
Klaas nodded, a small smile plastered on his face. His teeth were yellow and rotting, one canine missing from his top row. “Anything for a loyal customer. Don’t go buying on the streets, now. Anything you need, I have.” He patted Sherlock on the shoulder before walking towards several men over in the far corner of the room.
"Bloody
I wonder if I look the same.
because I couldn’t bear to blame myself. I cheated on my wife, and I failed to protect her. And...I couldn’t deal with that. I put it all on you, and that was so,
.” John raised the back of his hand to his mouth, resting his chin on his knuckles. His hands were clenched into such tight fists that the skin was rendered white and pallid. “I was angry at myself most of all. I was...I blamed you for...
“Yes, fine,” he said stiffly, standing from his chair. He walked towards the window, abandoning the cup of tea John had prepared for him—yet another thing to feel bad about.
"You and your bloody experiments are getting out of hand. You're bound to get hurt much worse one of these days..." Molly notices the concerned undertone through the thick layer of exasperation.
"Listen here, you
Nevermind. John says I was being rude.
! I'm not paying you to chatter, I'm paying you for a pint! So; go
The sergeant walks silently down the hallway, hearing the faint rustling of clothing and an obscene set of curses, followed by a deep chuckle. Then, there's nothing but a heavy breath, and she can't hear anything after that, even with her ear pressed into the white wood of the door.
. To say
Then, but a moment later, I have it, and I almost laugh at the absurdity of the answer:
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mum? What's wrong?" Hoisting myself up, I grip my cane; I stumble. Take a deep breath. "What's happened?"
Sherlock smiled tightly at her, feeling a familiar pressure welling behind his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he said. It was as much of a confirmation as any. “Truly.”
"That's good, John...," she sighs in what sounds like content. "Just...don't let their ridicule get to you. Not everyone is so cruel."
"You...ha...," I start, too fast, tripping over my words. She looks at me, slightly worried, yet slightly amused, as I take a deep, comforting breath.
I wouldn't say I'm
She gave an appreciative hum, even as he pulled away. “Was I right?”
"What's the use of retaining common sense when I have you to retain it for me?"
His head snaps up, and I almost jump at the precise gaze he holds with me, something similar to terror in his eyes. I feel an almost instinctual urge to ask what's wrong, to help, but I figure it isn't my place to ask when I barely know him.
alright. Within the span of one conversation, he had managed to anger John first by forgiving him, and now by ruining the sofa.
“There’s so many ways I could describe it to you,” his mother said, leaning her trowel against a flowerpot. “I could say how blue is crisp or calming or cool, and that would probably mean nothing to you. I know you’d particularly loathe anything other than a scientific answer, which is not something I can give in good faith or apt knowledge, but which I know
Sherlock remained silent for several seconds before he said meekly, “Is that why you’re still here?”
Gladstone startles, and I inwardly scold myself for forgetting his presence before striding to the kitchen and placing the package on the table. I carefully move some of my intruding experiments to the counter before pulling out a chair and sitting before the parcel.
or anything, but having Mycroft flaunting his colors nearly whenever he sees me is starting to grate on my nerves. Sometimes he'll mention the lovely shade of green Gregory's name is written in, or mention that it's strange that some things stay gray even after 'going color'.
She waves after him before stating fondly,"Last time this week, boys. I'm your landlady, not your housekeeper."
21 February 14:15
"I'll be at the Tesco's, boys!" Mrs. Hudson shouts, pushing open her door before shutting it promptly. She receives no response, but isn't deterred as she merely shrugs and goes to open 221's front door.
"Ah, no, no,
"221B Baker Street," I say as I shut the door, pulling out my mobile as the cabbie presses the accelerator.
“I suppose,” said Sherlock. There was a disconnect between how he viewed John and how everyone else seemed to. “I just...I don’t know what to do. Nothing is the same anymore.”
I'm suddenly cradling the phone beside my ear to hear her. She's been crying. My throat tightens, pin-hole thin.
There are so many things I don't know about my partner, and I find myself wishing I could deduce a person without even seeing them.
21 February 12:32
Sherlock and John. John and Sherlock.
Sherlock stopped before her and took it with an air of curious skepticism. Yes, he thought, if he was correct in his assumption of the package’s contents—and he was almost
"Gin and tonic?" I conclude as a new woman sits down, my eyes flitting over her profile. She gapes dumbly at me for a moment before she shakes her head a bit and nods in approval, ridiculously bright gray hair bouncing against her forehead.
“I’m not lying. I
, and I realize he's scared. I am too, or I think I am.
I don't respond for a moment, too caught up in my anger and the commotion and all the mixed emotions I'm feeling right now. Yet my mother seems to understand, anyway, and she stares at me knowingly.
Christ, his thoughts were getting tangled. Even if perhaps it
"Oh, defensive much, Watson? What've you got to hide?" Carver retorts snidely, an ugly grin on his smug face.
"How've you been, Sherlock? You haven't called me in
“You deserve someone better than me anyway,” he said gently, flexing his fingers in remembrance of the needles so often pressed into his veins. Overwhelmed by self-loathing, he could only joke, “But please, don’t date another Jim from IT.”
!" I growl loudly, but neither of them listen as Carver moves his hand away from my stomach and targets my head. I see his fist inches away from my eyes, and then I feel it collide with my face, and I whimper in pain. I try to bite my whimper back because I don't want him to know that he's hurting me, but I just
He gradually shuts his mouth, bringing his gaze back up to me as he says,"I suppose I might just have to ask him when we meet."
"Well...," I hesitate, wondering if I should speak truthfully or not. But I remember how Mrs. Hudson has always been there for me, and I decide she is worthy of knowing the whole, absolute truth. I sigh longly, continuing,"Lestrade isn't letting me in on cases, currently."
repelled—couldn’t get within a meter of him. Someone else must have snatched him up in the meantime.”
I suddenly wonder what it'd be like if I always had a red thread wrapped around my hand that stretched to wrap around my pinky, which was connected to John's. I find that it's difficult to imagine the whole situation: I don't know what red looks like, I don't know what John looks like, and it seems unlikely you could ever be born with a thread around your finger.
"How's it feel, Johnny, to know you're a
I pull my baggy white t-shirt off the sink vanity, slipping it over my head as I reach for my pair of clean boxers. After pulling them up, I reach for my camo cargo pants, shimmying them on as I glance to the mirror in front of me.
"I don't see the relevance of your question," I respond, turning the faucet on to start rinsing the cups and dishes.
, and there's nothing you can do but make the best of your fate."
The pathologist stands awkwardly as a beat of silence passes, the only noise being the water still pouring from the sink and the gulp of her throat. She notices the change of distance between both of them, the way Sherlock is leaning in slightly and how John isn't backing away. She clears her throat uncomfortably, although she knows the sound won't permeate the room.
He blinks, once, twice, thrice. Another five times just for good measure to shake the overwhelming confusion suffocating his Mind Palace. Lips agape, he swiftly closes his mouth, then reopens it, thinking how unflattering his case of 'fish face' must look in this moment. It continues, silence stretching on. The detective thinks he's never wanted his meddlesome brother to interfere more.
The victim was lying supine on the alley pavement, large, jagged gnashes littered across his body. His clothes were soaked through with his own blood, wetly clinging to his skin. The stab wounds were swift but lacked confidence, unsteady, created by a brutal instrument: most likely done with a dagger—an effective tool in the right hands.
My eyes flit open, and every little thing feels so huge now. I can feel the flutter of my eyelashes against my cheeks. The pulse of my heart through my pounding head. The pool of blood seeping into my uniform. The feel of grains of sand scattered in my hair. Everything is so magnified.
the stuff—I wish you didn't know. Although, I'm nowhere near as interesting as you."
women were poor.
"Oh, so that's all you want from me? My medical expertise and experience running a sheep farm on the off chance it'll come in handy?"
(Note to self:
He allows himself to imagine that he's still sitting in Sherlock's lap, legs spread, one of Sherlock's arms locked tight around him, the hand digging into his hip while Sherlock's other hand takes over for John, stroking, sliding. John has imagined what Sherlock is like, sexually, whether he's aggressive or shy or matter-of-fact and he believes—although maybe just because this is how he likes to imagine it—that Sherlock is predatory in bed, that he takes his lovers mercilessly, so that's what John imagines. Those slender pale fingers and that deep dark voice murmuring obscenities in John's ear.
John tilted his head from one side to the other, then shrugged. They were doing lots of shrugging today. "It's just—I don't really
"Pombley Way is the name of the estate. According to my Uncle Freddy, our family moved here from France during the first Napoleonic war. They fled with plenty of their funds intact, apparently, because they were able to buy the estate from some poor English noble with gambling debts. There was an apple orchard gone to seed on the grounds and my ancestor was charmed by it. He renamed the estate
I took that to mean,
"Confusion?" Sherlock asked, slightly slack-jawed as he tried to parse what John had said.
Sherrinford snorts. "God, those two," she begins, shaking her head as she looks out the window. "I don't think it's any one thing, but more the way Mycroft treated him growing up."
"Ah—erm—" I say, panting already while John climbs onto me, guiding me slowly but inexorably down.
home.
as though you felt for me as I do for you, I couldn't trust the so-called evidence. With Victor, the skills that make it possible for me to solve unsolvable crimes failed me utterly.
"Then, halfway through our sixteenth year, Victor and I were sitting on a rise in the school yard, watching a group of girls and he asked me what I thought of a girl called
"Pombley what?" John asks faintly.
"Whether you believe in God or not does not matter. It's the point." She let go of one of my hands and slashed her own through the air. "You decide to let go,
fresh out of the oven."
The slapping sound of the leather meeting his skin became loud in the room as I put more effort into each swing. I didn't count each blow as it landed because I relied on the color of his skin to tell me when I should increase the power of each strike of the crop or if I should stop to check the temperature of his skin. My internal counter told me I had landed at least seventy or eighty blows by this point. It sounded like a lot, but with a light implement like a crop, one or two hundred hits was not uncommon.
jewelry store with John and he showed me the ring. At first I did not get it AT ALL because there were just these
, he thought drolly, self-deprecatingly.
John obediently sits, watching as Sherlock fixes his tea exactly as he likes it and hands it to him. While John gratefully sips his tea, Sherlock takes the two white porcelain plates and piles them with neatly cut triangles of sandwiches, three each of cucumber and cheese on each plate. He pours ice water from a pewter pitcher into two tall glasses.
* We are now officially out of the Heavy Angst tag! YAY! Despite my aversion to tagging, there have been some changes and additions if you care to check them.
"That's the rule, huh?" John asks, chuckling uneasily.
—and John wakes in his bed, hard as marble and on the verge of going off hands free. "Jesus," he gasps, taking himself in hand. His strokes are familiar but the erotic remnants of the dream cling to him, and he holds on, tightly, because this thing he feels for Sherlock, this stupid infatuation is hurtling him towards a horizon where razor sharp rejection waits. He might as well enjoy the fantasy while he has it untainted by humiliation.
"Well, he suggested I get a dog," Sherlock said, one fingertip circling John's unmarked shoulder, imagining drawing it on paper.
I'd read nearly forty pages before I heard John's tread on the stairs. My stomach clenched with nerves. I snapped the book shut and moved to sit on the edge of John's bed, fully alert.
. After all, Audrey wasn't going anywhere and their marriage had survived infidelity before, his
between him and Dr. Watson. Staying after class to talk to him about dog training was one thing. Staying after class to discuss where they might have what was bound to be an incredibly good shag was quite another thing, a
"Oh, God," John forces out on his next heaving breath. "C'mon, let's go to the bedroom. You promised to fuck me."
Yet sometimes , when the trail faltered and went cold, and even though it might take him hours or even days, Sherlock would sift through all the information he had accumulated, and then, out of nowhere, he'd simply
"Not a
"Do it," he whimpered. "Do it, do it. Please."
"I'm gonna come," the kid whispered, both hands still pressed flat against the wall in front of him.
John meets the Holmeses.
"Jesus," John says and rubs his hands over his face. Mortified, he springs up from his chair and turns with an intent to go. He doesn't know where, just
"Without anyone touching your cock."
John comes with a shout that he doesn't muffle in time and he knows that Sherlock will have heard it.
"Will you tell me the rest of the story?" John asked when they'd separated.
"Nothing," John says.
"Watch," John said and Sherlock didn't have to look at him to see that he was smiling because he could hear it in his voice. When Toby turned his attention to John, he went to jump, and John immediately lifted his knee up so that Toby bounced off of it and back to the floor. Toby jumped again, and again John blocked him with his knee. The third time, he blocked him with his knee and then turned bodily to the side. To Sherlock it looked like John was snubbing Toby and he wanted to protest, but then Toby sat on the floor, tongue lolling, making the soft but guttural
He was surprised at the lack of recrimination in her voice, so it took him a moment to answer. "I am, yes—very much so."
Sherlock leans threateningly over the two girls, who tilt their heads back but don't look at all cowed by Sherlock's glowering face. "Go. Away."
John laughed, and Sherlock glared at him, so John laughed some more. His laughter made Sherlock smile in wonder—usually John's laughter was sarcastic, but there was pure joy on his face. When he wound down, he sighed and said, "You great arrogant prat," and it sounded like
This parade of women has got to stop—I refuse to tolerate it any longer, and the solution is obvious—we'll have sex with each other.
"The crop is a good choice. Technically, this is what's called a
I was watching John's skin and glancing occasionally at the rigidity of his muscles and the tautness of his joints. Straining was expected, but excessive pulling or jerking were not. Suddenly, John rocked forward with a grunt. I froze and opened my mouth to ask him if I should stop when he rocked back again with a low moan.
"I'd like—"
"Oh, god," I groaned and John groaned back in sympathy. I laughed weakly. "I want to, to—
! They're adorable."
POSTERITY. (
It's not that Sherlock is always in motion. After all, he could be sleeping or stretched out on the sofa, deep in his Mind Palace. But John can't help being worried. He's known Sherlock less than a year but hasn't stopped fretting over him since the day the idiot followed Jefferson Hope down the stairs and into a cab right under the nose of a group of Metropolitan police officers. In fact, Fretting Over Sherlock is a full-time job for John which explains his default state of exasperated fondness marked with occasional and brief bouts of rage. And constant exhaustion.
I have made a MOMENTOUS DECISION. I have decided I want to call John something other than John now that he is going to marry Dad because if someone is married to your Dad and they are also a man its like they are your Dad too. I cant call them both Dad so I am going to look that word up in the thesaurus and see what other words I can find (I know how to spell thesaurus and dictionary really good because John told me I cant look any words up unless I know how to spell them).
"Oh, ha ha. You just wait. She may be small, but she packs a big punch."
thing, minus the part where his parents had to be dead. Mycroft had descended upon the family home in East Surrey with a trio of lawyers. Their parents also had lawyers. Sherlock sat in the middle, willingly signing every document put in front of him in order to get the fuck out of there.
After they've poured themselves a cup and retired to the breakfast table, John asks, "Where's Sherlock gone off to, then?"
John continued to call Sherlock's name as he walked into the kitchen, where he found a plate on the table with moldy slices of something that looked like a peach, or maybe an apricot. The sink was full of dishes. The worktops were stacked with books and chemicals. A pile of toasters in various colors and designs was shoved into the corner of the worktop, presumably acquired for an experiment and abandoned. This was the first time that John thought food made or eaten near the chemicals was safer than anywhere else in the flat.
of them! Why haven't you ever said?" He's hurt, slightly angry, too.
"I thought you were already divorced," Louisa said with a frown. "Dad moved out
Looking back later, John wondered if Sherlock had guessed (correction—
"Ah, yes, my name's Dr. John Watson," (using my title tends to make people more trusting), "I'm looking for Sherlock?"
John rolled his eyes.
It was after eight when the class broke up. Dr. Watson stood at the door and said goodbye to each person as they left. Everyone but Sherlock, Dr. Watson, and a woman who'd said she worked in hospice care. The woman followed Dr. Watson from the door to the dais at the front of the class, talking the whole time, while Dr. Watson nodded politely, but Sherlock felt Watson's eyes falling on him periodically. He pretended to be looking for his phone, digging through his coat pocket, and his trouser pockets and finally pulling it out of his inside jacket pocket where it'd been the whole time. He looked down, at a loss how to look busy with it and then saw there was a text message from Greg.
Sherlock turned and regarded him with a gimlet eye. He opened his mouth, hesitated, and then said, "No. Not as such. Not a
Sherlock thought back to the feeling of his six year old self, still with some of the chubbiness of small children, uncomfortably seated in his mother's lap, hands gripping the outside of her thighs, legs swinging, swinging, swinging.
unquote."
Sherlock was weak, a failure, a
Sherlock was not, at the best of times, thoughtful of other people’s needs or expectations. He wasn’t
"I am so in love with you," Sherlock said.
Although this story takes place Christmas 2018, the characters in this story are the same as they were in Season 1 of the show. So, Sherlock is 33, John is 38, and Mycroft is 40.
* I'm posting this chapter a day early because I can. My betas don't know, though, so shhh. They try to teach me patience, but alas...
Mycroft gives him a flat glare. "Really, John, even if I
Sherlock rubs his hands together and then takes a fortifying breath. "I didn't want to ever go through that again, to be so, so
, I'm taking you upstairs, sucking you off, and then I'm going to fuck you."
"Why are you here?" Sherlock asked, not moving to greet her.
I rub the back of my neck which is covered in itchy dander and shrug. "I fell in love."
I thought,
At midnight, John found himself in an alley behind a skip, bent over the body of a willing twenty something kid with the most luscious arse John had ever had the pleasure of sticking his dick in. The kid was quiet, but his enthusiasm was not in question, as he propped his hands against the dirty stone wall, and pushed back on John's cock, pulling him in with one slow glide. John hadn't had his dick in anyone's arse in a few years—he couldn't even remember the last bloke he'd fucked. Sherlock, unfortunately, didn't bottom —his prostate was too sensitive, and the only time they'd tried had been a disaster, leaving John equal parts peeved and guilty, and Sherlock almost obsequious in his apologies. As a doctor, John knew it wasn't Sherlock's fault—some men really did feel uncomfortably overstimulated when their prostate was touched. Sherlock didn't even like having it touched from the
My friend, Meg, asked for a photo of Sophia. Well, this is Sophia, and she's actually our dog, so points to Teddy for originality! We adopted Sophia in March. I have a rule about dogs and children--if you have one, then you have to get another! She weighs 10 lbs., and, like John's Sophia, she packs a punch. She's not a shivering, bug eyed Chihuahua. Well, she does shiver if she's cold, riding in the car, has low blood sugar or there's a thunderstorm. But other than that, she's a brave, curious, little firecracker of a dog. She stole a stuffed bear from my daughter and it's as big as Sophia! But she grabs it in her teeth and shakes it violently and otherwise kicks its ass. She's amazing and having her in our life has been such a blessing. We all adore her (even my husband who said "NO Chihuahuas!" on our way to the shelter. Ha! Now when he comes home from work, he scoops her up in his arms and talks baby talk to her. My husband is six foot five inches and was a Marine. What a softie.)
John stands there, staring at the cart. His mind is overfilled with everything he's seen and the people he's met in the last ten minutes.
Sherlock stepped back, but then reached for John again, and said, "Let me ex—"
John doesn't say
probably should not say it like that. But it is true and I miss her
a lot and when it was time to put the tree up, Grandad cried and said that Nana loved to decorate for Christmas. That made me cry too because Grandad is always happy but he's been sad since Nana died. Even though Nana is not here with us I am excited because I know what Dad and John bought for each other but they do not know! So I am the only one who knows! So I bet you want to know what there presents are? Well you will have to wait because there is a story behind it.
My eyes snapped to the man in front of me. “I would like you to know that this isn’t all of it. There are… more. And if- if I’m wrong about this. About… us. Everything.” He looked away, “forgive me.” His eyes met mine once more. “Please. Forgive me.” Holmes shuffled to his room, closing the door behind him with a snap.
He breathed a small sigh of relief. “I am ever grateful for your companionship Watson. Now, you had better go and get dressed. We must look like presentable gentlemen.”
I could feel his smile against my lips, and I couldn’t help but smile back. It was as if I had found what had been missing all these years; the one thing I had always needed, but never knew I wanted.
“Likewise, Dr. Watson. Likewise.”
“Ahem.” A clear ring sounded through the room.
“Ah,” Holmes said. “It appears the meeting is about to start. Come, Watson.” He walked towards the center of the room—where various chairs were placed in a circular form—and sat down on a loveseat. I took my place beside him and looked around the room to see a number of unfamiliar faces. The only men I had been introduced to were Wilde, Ross, and Shaw. My gaze drifted to a young man beside Wilde; he had an innocent, youthful face, and was fair, with light brown hair and a thin nose. While I used the word “beside,” it would be far more accurate to say he was very nearly on top of the man. Wilde’s arm was slung around his shoulder, and the young man’s head was resting against his.
“Hand me the paper.”
I kissed him with all the love and longing I had kept restrained for the past decade; the anguish and desperation I had felt during those three helpless, lifeless years; the relief and hope I had felt upon his safe return. And when he returned my kiss—his hand coming to rest against my neck, the other curling around my waist; mine travelling up the nape of his neck, into his hair—with the ferocity and intensity I had only dreamed of, I felt as though I would break. At that moment, all I could feel was Sherlock; he was everything, everywhere. I wanted to laugh, cry, scream, smile; all at once. I felt like I was flying, falling; and oh, was I falling.
“Watson,” he returned my smile; the expression not quite reaching his eyes. “You are aware of the trials?”
Holmes whispered in my ear once more. “He’s the son of the Marquess of Queensberry, the man whom Wilde sued for libel.”
“Oi, Holmes, language.”
When we broke the kiss, it felt as if it had lasted an eternity; a mere second. I clung to Holmes fiercely, our foreheads resting against each other. “I love you,” I whispered, finally. “Sherlock, I love you.”
“Holmes,” I answered. “Of course I shall go with you. I do not know a thing of what is happening, but I know it is important. I will not let you go alone.”
My eyes travelled around the circle. There were four other men present; a dark haired man with a full beard, a man with a thick moustache, another man with thinning hair, and a man who looked quite sickly.
“Always with the hat!” He turned to me exasperatedly, “Watson, we simply must tell the illustrators to draw my hat accurately. I do not wear a deerstalker. Do you have any idea how unaesthetically appealing it is? I would never be caught wearing something as tasteless as that hat.” I chuckled fondly; Holmes often lamented on the growing fame his nonexistent deerstalker was gaining. My companion sighed, and reached into his breast pocket, revealing a pin that featured a queer green flower. “Happy?”
“Pshaw,” Wilde replied to the urgings of his associates. “I am not running in cowardice.”
“Oscar,” Ross appealed. “Please. You know we cannot force you to leave the country…. But you must- you must listen to reason… Did you not hear a thing of what Dr. Watson said? Of what any of us did?”
“I do apologise for the secrecy,” he sighed. “But the... issue… concerning Wilde is delicate. I trust you are intelligent enough to grasp what I’m saying here, so you must understand the clandestine nature of the meeting.”
“Thank you all for coming at such an early hour.” Ross spoke first. “Especially you, Dr. Watson, as I know you barely have an inkling of what we are to talk about, but any advice we can get will surely be of use.”
“No.”
“Lord Alfred Douglas,” Holmes whispered in my ear. “Wilde’s lover.” My eyebrows raised in surprise at their casual, public display of affection.
I knew it was no use lying to him; I had already confessed as much in the meeting. And even if I tried, he would see right through me. “Yes,” I breathed. He rushed towards me, stopping before he reached my chair; his hands seemingly reaching for me, but quickly clenched back at his sides. “I could not- I cannot,” I amended, “bear to live in a world without you.”
“Ah,” he replied, smirking at Holmes, “but you could be somebody in disguise. How am I to know you are really Mr. Sherlock Holmes? This is a time of crisis after all.” He paused, his smile growing wider, “Besides, you don’t have your signature hat with you; it is awfully hard to recognise you without it.”
Holmes nodded. “It is twenty minutes to the headquarters, and we have half an hour left. Will you come with me?”
My companion hobbled to his armchair, took a seat, and shook his head indignantly. “Watson. I am perfectly alright. You must be imagining things.”
“Watson. No.” He must have realised what I was about to say. “My dear Watson, I would never do that again; not to you. Do you really believe that I have not learned my lesson after I-” he paused. “After I… left you…” He sighed, his hands moving to steeple under his chin, his preferred stance while thinking. “Watson I-” he broke off.
“Holmes. Look at me.” I waited for his eyes to return to mine. “My dear Holmes, we were acquainted in 1881. I would hope that I have proven myself worthy of such a privilege by now.” I smiled.
“Holmes?” I traipsed down the stairs quietly, not wanting to awaken Mrs. Hudson in the rooms below. “What the deuce is the matter? What are you doing up at this ungodly hour?” He appeared gaunter than usual and his normally proud shoulders were hunched; it was as if he had been struck by a sickness overnight.
“Hm?” Holmes raised an eyebrow.
“It is an honour to meet you. I have read the tales of your adventures with Holmes in The Strand. They are quite outstanding.”
“But Oscar-”
My eyes widened in disbelief as I shook his hand. “I knew I recognised you from the papers,” I laughed. “Not in a million years would I have expected to meet you, Mr. Wilde, at an ungodly hour of the morning, at the meeting of a secret society.”
“Well,” Ross coughed. “Um, the matter at hand.”
The dimming streetlamps and the rising sun cast a soft glow into our rooms. The streets were quiet; the world silent. The only thing that existed—us.
“Robbie, I- I’m sorry. I can’t. I’m sorry.”
“Holmes,” he pleaded. “You are an intelligent man. You must understand why I cannot do this.”
So I kissed him.
Holmes looked slightly insulted, and he opened his mouth in mock offense. “Oh do shut up, Casement,” he nearly growled.
Ross sighed resignedly, “Well, if you won’t leave the country, we can at least try to keep others safe.” He looked around the room gravely. “We must be discreet with our affairs. More prudent than usual. It is a difficult time, and with Oscar’s trial plastered throughout the papers, everyone will be on the lookout for the slightest hint of an indiscretion. I do urge most of you to get out of the city. France, as we’ve mentioned, or even one of the quieter country towns. Cambridge, for example. Oxford, perhaps.”
“Thank you, dear fellow.” He glanced towards me. “And you must be the admirable Dr. Watson!”
I didn’t know what else to do. I had revealed the thoughts and feelings that I had kept hidden within the depths of my mind. I had revealed something that I knew would change the relationship between Holmes and myself—for better or for worse—and yet, it had done nothing. I could feel Holmes gaze upon me, and I resolutely kept my eyes away from him, terrified of what I would see if I met his stare. While I desperately wished to know if he returned my sentiment, I was terrified at the prospect of his rejection.
“Roger Casement, Reginald Turner, Max Beerbohm, and Aubrey Beardsley,” Holmes said, tracking my gaze.
“Thank you. That is very kind of you to say, Mr.…?”
He remained silent—as did I—and so we sat, gazing into each other’s eyes. His stare was fierce and powerful. His piercing eyes forever seared into my memory. His ordinarily steady grey eyes were like the sky during a storm; turbulent, intense, electric, captivating… Strangely…
“Yes, indeed. It has been a while since we last met. The last I saw you was in ‘93, I believe? When your play premiered. Well, certainly not your most recent one, as that was performed in February wasn’t it? I simply must congratulate you.”
We left Baker Street the moment I got dressed, and walked quickly from our rooms to the society’s headquarters. It was in a part of town that I had rarely been. Holmes dragged me into an alley next to a nondescript building. As he grabbed a hold of my arm I couldn’t help but be amazed at his elegance, when what had seemed like just moments ago, he appeared so sickly. I was mesmerised by the way his hair was so artfully styled—as if every strand were meant to be where it was—and how it accentuated the striking contours of his face; the way his eyes glinted in the morning twilight, almost opalescent. I was drawn out of my thoughts by Holmes speaking. “Watson?”
“Yes, Holmes. It is a tragedy indeed.”
“No,” he said fiercely. “It’s good. It’s more than good. I just- I,” he took a deep breath, tears still streaming down his face. “I love you, John. So very much.”
“No.”
My friend turned to face me. “Watson,” he said, his body tense as if he was bracing himself for an onslaught of strikes. “Was it true? Did you- Did you want to take your own life?”
“Holmes…” I knew he was hiding something from me, something to do with the letter, but I could not, for the life of me, figure out what it was.
He was sitting on his bed when I entered; his head in his hands. He looked up,—his face nearly unreadable; gaze filled with hope and trepidation—stood, and took a tentative step forward as I stopped in his doorway.
“Well, my dear Watson,” he said, handing me the letter. “It would be better for you to see for yourself.”
“Er, yes.”
And as I turned over another cream-coloured letter, my hands shaking with anticipation, the postscript—done in his hasty scrawl; a blot of ink from where he must’ve held the pen still—arrested my attention. Those three words. The words that I whispered as I knelt beside an empty grave. The words that I choked out as I wept in a room that was no longer inhabited; clutching a pillow that wasn’t mine, imagining a man who was never going to return. I had never thought that I would be able to say those words to him; let alone hear them from him. My heart raced and my hands trembled, as I all but bounded to his room, throwing open the door with a force that must’ve shaken the entire flat.
“Yes,” said Turner. “It is for the best. You know there is too much evidence against you.” A murmuring chorus of agreements sounded across the room.
“Holmes.”
Holmes flushed scarlet, the blush rising up his alabaster cheekbones as we turned back towards the others. “Right, my apologies.”
Casement grinned, as if he were trying not to laugh. “May I just ask; how ever did you manage to secure the affections of someone like Dr. Watson here? With your attitude?” I had to actively suppress my laughter; I had never met a group of people who were able to banter with my partner like this. I bit down on my lip to hide the smile that was threatening to bloom on my face; it is true that Holmes is brash at times, but I wouldn’t change him for anything.
“Holmes,” I asked. “What do the trials have to do with the letter you received?”
“The honour was all mine,” I replied, shaking his hand in farewell. “I do wish we had met under a more pleasant pretext.”
“No.”
He pulled away slightly, and looked down at me; his mouth curved into that small smile of his, tears trailing down his cheeks.
“The… Oh yes. The trials concerning the playwright and author? Oscar Wilde? I believe they charged him with… What was the phrase they used in the paper? ‘Gross indecency’?”
Wilde smiled at us warmly; almost wistfully. The young man who was sat beside him, Douglas, declared, “My father is not going to win this, Oscar. We won’t let him.”
Holmes dragged himself to the window of our sitting-room, and peered down at the street below. “It is sad, Watson.” He broke the silence. “To know that one of the finest writers of our time will be sent to his downfall. All because of whom he loves.”
“My dear Holmes!” I exclaimed, fearing my companion would collapse where he stood. “Sit down, man. You look dreadfully ill. How long has it been since you last slept?”
—————
Sherlock was just waiting for the other shoe to drop. The openness to John’s expression, the...warmth in his eyes; the curve of his smile and the fact that he was pressed into the couch, already taking care of and willing to continue taking care of him: it was all too good to be true. What made him deserving of any of this, especially after John had just been angry with him, when he had just thrown up on the sofa? Wasn’t John seething, just waiting to wrap his hands around Sherlock's throat and throttle him? None of it added up; none of it made
John said nothing in response.
"Carter! Get over hear, now! I need more cover!"
"On what?" She crosses her own legs, heels glinting in the lamp light; I wonder what color they are.
I shut the door softly, not bothering to flip the light on as I gently place my tea on the nightstand and plop onto the neatly made bed. Too bad I'm so disorganized; the room won't look as nice once I settle in. I reach over and turn the bed lamp on, grasping the mug and brushing it against my lips. I take a gulp, ignoring the burning sensation in my mouth.
"You can't
Just as a general precursor, I’ve never done drugs and (hope) I never will, but I tried to make this information as accurate as possible. I also am in no way attempting to glamorize or romanticize drugs—actually quite the opposite.
I can't tell beneath his jeans whether that's true or not, but it doesn't matter. He's eager to be out of here so I nod my head in acquiescence. The lump in my throat expands—I wouldn't be able to say anything even if there was something to say.
They melted together with the ease of long time lovers even though it had been five months when they'd last kissed and only a month before that when they met. When they came up for air, John said, "God, I missed you," the words escaping on a heartfelt groan. Sherlock knew that he could throw all his doubts out the window. He and John belonged together,
. "Toby already knows his place."
John hums thoughtfully, tilting his head. "Let me see if I recall what Lestrade said. He just barely mentioned it shortly after I met Sherlock. Sherlock snuck onto a crime scene and did his thing. Lestrade arrested him, thinking
John side-eyes her. "Um—"
with annoyance. "Because he's going to meet us at the church to go caroling, one of
"Mmph! Mf tfoo!" John managed to say before Sherlock's tongue was in his mouth and Sherlock's hands were clutching and searching all over his skin.
seven?" John said quietly against Sherlock's lips.
"Fine, but you're still cleaning that up."
The third thing is that there is a story about why I knew about the
"I think, maybe—
Sherlock typed out a quick response:
to be turned on by John telling Toby he wanted a snog on the sofa and maybe a bit more. God, a lot more, that's what Sherlock wanted. He wanted it
"This?" I asked, confused and afraid. Did he
, you stop thinking, and doing. You stop talking. And you
John whistles and says, "I bet that was a shock."
boring really
It had been two weeks since he'd needed a day like today, and he knew it had been brought on by texting Sherlock, and then fucking what's-his-name in the alley.
probably know what the chemical symbols were without looking them up on the periodic table but if he
"Should I turn around?" he asked, his voice playful. The playfulness was a welcome relief.
"This is East Hoathly coming up," Sherlock says. He leans over with sudden urgency and says, "Look, I would not tell them too much."
cheered and then they hugged me and the whole family wanted to hug them too so they had
"It was a long time before I was okay again. I did some drugs, fucked a lot of men—don't worry, I'm clean—of both drugs and STIs. It's been well over a year since I've had sex. Quite frankly, I've not wanted anyone else since I met you."
He was fairly certain that conversation had taken place earlier today, but it was possible that it was yesterday or even the day before. At any rate, Sherlock was attempting to pull himself together, only he didn't know what that meant, so he'd moved on to Audrey's second command and gotten into the shower. Waiting for the water to warm up had taken forever, and he'd almost given up and gone to lie back down, something he spent most of his time doing. When he wasn't smoking, that is.
, what your experience of her is. Tell me some stories from your childhood."
The heart is what you have to lose, so you tell him that which frightens you most. You say,
Wait before I tell you what happened when they opened their presents I want to tell you what John got me for Christmas. It was a REAL DOCTOR'S BAG!!! Not a play bag for kids but a REAL ONE!!! The STETHOSCOPE in it had my name on the part that goes around your neck. I may have shed one or two
Because what I
"John," Sherlock said, his voice hoarser than normal. It cracked at the end. John froze, looking up and around himself as every eye within hearing range swiveled to stare at him. He directed his gaze down, his nostrils flaring with outrage. He'd been manipulated by Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson, but if what he heard in Sherlock's voice was genuine, Sherlock hadn't been in on it.
"You asked a yes or no question, John, and I answered it. Now it's your turn to answer me. How many fingers?" Sherlock asks and gives John an expectant look.
"Your clothes—" Sherlock began, pointing his finger.
"Lying hurts," she said, and pulled her shoulders back, squaring up for a fight.
Then he heard Sherlock behind him, calling his name, begging him to stop. John's first instinct was to run, but he checked himself. He was a grown man and running away like a coward wasn't going to subdue his sadness at what had happened between him and Sherlock. So, John turned and faced the man who had stolen his heart and then thrown it away.
knelt on the floor and said very
I want to thank my wonderfully dedicated and brilliant team of beta readers:
I stand, palms sweating, on the doorstep of 221 Baker Street, staring at the glossy black door. I've just rung the buzzer and now I'm waiting for him to answer the door. It's dark out and the streets are full of people on this winter night. Despite the cold, I'm full of a hot buzz.
Sherlock dropped both feet to the floor, balanced his elbows on his knees and scrubbed his hands over his face and into his hair. "I cannot really—I don't know myself why I did it. I was—you were comfortable. A known variable. I—he was mad at me already. I'd run off and left him at the Yard without letting him know where I was going. He couldn't get ahold of me. I frightened him. You know, he—he didn't know if I was okay. So he wasn't really speaking to me. I'd planned to tell him that I was married, that you and I had separated, and were likely to divorce. Then you showed up, and then he came home early, and then—" he threw his hands out "—it all went to shit."
wanted was to get a handful of Sherlock's arse, but was trying to pretend that he didn't.
"Perhaps, I was just bored. I'd lied my way into her lap, but I didn't actually want to read the book. I wanted her attention." Sherlock tilted his head to the side and frowned. "No, that's not it. I think I was being
"until—"
"Oh, god, yes, please, thank you!" I rasp desperately. "Please fuck me, please, John." I'm pushing back, using my body to beg for what I want, trying to swallow his fingers, to show that I'm
The next night, I repeated my performance. I dressed as though I was on the prowl, told John I was going through my list of BDSM clubs, and then breezed off, pretending not to hear his questions about where I was going, what I knew, and—most difficult for me to ignore—whether I needed his presence.
My lips turned up on one side in a grin of delight. "It's not your bedroom anymore, nor do I have to sweet-talk you. I have, of course, already deduced you are perfectly happy moving into my—
"Yes, exactly!" Sherlock said, eyes lighting up. "Grab her and go somewhere, I don't care where, just don't come back until I tell you it's safe to do so."
? Just, just the fingers or…?" Sherlock stutters.
With that, he swings his umbrella forward and taps it on the floor then pushes to his feet.
"My gift for you seems boring in comparison," Sherlock says disgruntledly as he carefully tucks the snowglobe back in its padded box and sets it between his crossed legs. "Pass it over," he says to Sherrinford with an imperiously wagging finger.
Washing his hair, scrubbing his body, all that he did methodically, too. He washed his face twice as well as his pubic hair, his penis, around his balls. He gently pulled back his foreskin and cleaned that twice as well, soaped and rinsed, soaped and rinsed, making sure no soap remained to cause irritation. He reached back to clean between his arse cheeks, down his legs, between his toes. All these actions were automatic, things he'd done daily for twenty-five years, since he was old enough to do it all for himself.
"Open it up, John," she says, but before he can do it, she reaches out and tucks a fingertip under the lid, opening the laptop up. The screen comes to life.
"I'm sorry, you're what now? Is this a joke?" John smiled, but it wasn't a happy one. He could see Sherlock in the corner of his eye, staring at him—at
"See you tomorrow, my dear," she said and hung up.
John remains in that liminal space, not in the kitchen nor out of it, facing away from Sherrinford.
"I imagine the subsequent generations shed their French background as quickly as possible. After all, Holmes is hardly a French name. Come now, John, surely you have more questions. In the car you were practically bouncing with curiosity."
"Sherlock?" John asks uncertainly.
"Was he awful to him?"
I walk slowly over to my chair, and gingerly lower myself into it. I pull my dressing gown around me, and we watch each other.
Notes for Chapter 8:
"Leave him—" Sherlock says, reaching for her, but she darts away.
John bites back a groan, and says, simply, "So do I."
John stands at the foot of the stairs up to 221B, the hair on the back of his neck prickling with dread. The flat above is silent—there's no sound of the violin (beautiful or peevish), nor the sound of Sherlock mumbling to himself as he peers through the microscope or as he paces back and forth in the sitting room. His coat is hanging on the peg right next to where John just left his.
"Oh," Sherlock said. "Right."
to tell you today—the irony, right? I was sure you'd understand that it's not as simple as just getting a divorce. We have a
"I know that what happened between you and Sherlock—"
know if I would go with him to the
you to be," Eurus declares confidently. She and Charysa share a coy grin.
he tells himself.
Then, he drops his dressing gown and all the words in the world immediately vacate my brain except for
I uncuffed him and supported him with my hands while he stretched out his arms. I ordered him to lie flat on his stomach.
. John's mind screamed
to know, yeah—really good—but right now I'm trying to, you know, make myself presentable and—"
The closer the cab got to home, the deeper dread dug its claws into my gut. I was hot, then cold. In my gut, fear that John would reject me alternated with anger—anger at Oasis for calling my bluff, at Greg for bringing me to that damn crime scene, at Shelly Cleary for having the audacity to be murdered, and at John for making me fall in love with him.
!" and with a final stab of his cock into my body and a shuddering wail of pleasure, John spends himself deep inside me. He's still hard inside me when my orgasm begins coalescing, pleasure being drawn in from the tops of my thighs, my balls, my cock, and inside my arse and then I'm coming hard enough to see tiny white lights spark in my peripheral vision. I collapse and John goes down with me.
Sherrinford snickers. "
"Oh," Sherlock said, the sound coming out like
"Can we?" Sherlock asked tentatively. He stood and walked to the middle of the sitting room, but came no closer to John. "Talk, that is? I know you're angry and—"
"John," Sherlock said softly. John was going to be forced to look, wasn't he? The three of them couldn't stand here forever, frozen in this tableau. Finally he turned, looked at Sherlock, and saw the things he'd missed because he was too distracted by Sherlock's wild eyes and desperate pleas. The mussed hair. The lack of clothes under his dressing gown. His lips slightly swollen and red—
John breaks into joyful laughter and watches Sherlock give into the urge to grin and then he, too, starts to laugh. There's a pause, then John gestures with his hand. "Okay, what was your next question, then? The one you wanted to ask because—what was the reason?"
Besides. Love—ugh. How pedestrian.
, because it was over and it was staying over. He wanted to ask Mrs. Hudson if she'd been waiting for him to show up, hiding in the foyer until she saw him, and then chivvied him to the middle of the pew so he couldn't get away without causing a disturbance.
Sherlock still hadn't showered and his self-castigation increased as the hours waned. He still couldn't find the energy to step into the bathroom and shower, but the thought of John finding that he
Even if it's mundane, civilian life is so peaceful; I love it sometimes.
, Sherlock cried out—but no words came.
“Why do you care?” The
Then there's nothing.
“Blue,” she said gently, like a prayer. “Such a pretty color, that. This shade is particularly breathtaking. I’ve never seen something blue that I didn’t like—the ocean, the sky—your eyes.”
One night John would go shopping, the next Sherlock would take up the responsibility. Sherlock would order takeaway and John would pick it up. One would get sick and the other would take care of him. It was a precarious balancing act, with an unspoken precipice. It was such an undefinable thing that most people who met them could never quite put it into words, or at least not ones which even managed to do it justice.
"Oh, Sherlock...," she drawls, and I know she knows. It feels bad to disappoint her;
Not getting involved is easy when you can’t feel at all.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock heaved and heaved, spittle stringing from his lips and dripping into his lap. His eyes and throat burned. He felt like scratching his skin raw, felt like flinging himself from some horrible height just to fucking end everything right now. He couldn’t even stop being a failure for a few minutes, couldn’t pull himself together to prove that he was alright—even if he wasn’t
I glance up to her face, and her smile is slowly falling away as she processes what I've said. Only a moment later, her whole face is frowning, and I'm frowning, and I really just want us to be
21 February 12:16
“How much?” He gestured impatiently at the syringes as he approached.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stumbled up from the couch and dejectedly made his way to the bathroom. The hot knosel was turned on roughly before Sherlock stripped out of what little of his garments remained and simply stepped into the shower without minding the temperature.
