Steve stepped forward and slowly sank down to sit next to Bruce on the bed. “I’m glad...” he breathed, before leaning in for a kiss. Steve was once again wary of Bruce, not wanting to go too far, easing him into a deeper kiss.
He felt the bed sink on either side of his hips and Tony’s hand wrap around his cock. Suddenly he felt a warm tightness around him and with a startled gasp Steve’s eyes snapped open.
He rolled his hips, letting his cock slide up and down in his  hand. With each upward thrust Steve breathed in and out, he soon began breathing in tandem with the slow roll of his hips. Precum beaded at the tip and drooled down the length of his cock, spilling onto his knuckles.
“Wait…” Bruce stood, unable to keep still anymore. “Why are you telling me this?”
Tony was furiously stroking himself now; he could feel his balls drawing up. He was so close…
“You mean Steve?” Bruce furrowed his brow, slightly confused. "But Tony we know how much he can bench and how fast he can run. What more do we need to test?”
Steve was still so turned on... So hot for it. He looked down, his big fat cock still hard and dripping.
“Mmm… Tony?” Steve asked slowly, his words slurred in his half asleep, groggy state. “W- what are you…?” his mouth fell open as he moaned, the haze of sleep making him more aware of his bodies’ heightened state. “I’m fucking you awake, using you how you wanted…” Tony said, in a dominating tone. “You did say you were mine whenever I needed a hole and not to ask permission,” Tony’s voice lowered into a growl as he buried himself all the way inside, grinding into the tight heat. “You wanted this.”
Tony stopped what he was doing and stared at the super soldier. The words were just spilling out of his mouth; he must be reliving this in his mind right now.
“I’m cummiiiing!” Steve’s body went completely rigid and cum splattered all over his chest and stomach, his ass clenched tight around the three dildos penetrating his slick hole. “Good boy,” Tony cooed and shoved one of the dildos in farther. The soldier was still mid-orgasm and the sudden pressure made him moan from the pain of overstimulation, his head thrashing, body tense, fists clenched tight.
“Good...” Bruce growled and then…
Tony heard a knock at the door and the billionaire smiled. “Jarvis, let him in.” He didn’t slow down.
Tony tilted his head and grinned, seeing Steve so undone and begging was so fucking hot. “What does the great Captain America want?” he asked teasingly, flicking a nipple with his index finger, enjoying the flex that resulted.
The soldier reached his hand around his ass, hissing at the sting when he touched his cheek. He snagged the ring of his asshole with one of his fingers and pulled, stretching his opening a little. “You can use this…” Steve flexed, making his hole twitch.
Steve looked at the older man with a puzzled expression. “Ok… but I don’t know-“
Steve stiffened as he looked wide eyed at Tony, before turning his attention to Bruce. “Bruce... are you sure?” Steve asked slowly. The soldier was ready to tear off his clothes and beg for the scientist to fuck his brains out, but he didn't want to put his personal desire over the comfort of others.
After much deliberation and pacing back and forth in his room Steve finally made a decision. He was going to do it.
Bruce instantly pulled back, his mouth dropped open and his eyes widened as round as dinner plates. “What!?” He asked absolutely flabbergasted.
“Your cock is so
Tony was straddling him, Steve’s cock halfway in his ass. “Tony... Tony!” Steve sounded panicked, his heart began to beat out of his chest. “What?” Tony drew himself up and back down. “You don’t like it?”
There was a short silence before Tony spoke again.  "I have to do some things right now, but in three hours I'll be in my bedroom. Drop by if you're interested," he turned to walk away, paused, turned back around and sighed. "Don't look so damn dumbstruck, Rogers. This is an offer. If you don't want to, no hard feelings." Steve swallowed the lump in his throat. He nodded and rushed out of the room before Tony could say anything else.
Steve hesitated before shakily taking in a long breath. He stood suddenly with Clint still kneeling down. “Are you ok to walk-“ Clint was cut short by the huge tent that was just inches from his face. Clint fell back on his ass before scrabbling up to face Steve who was blushing beat red.
Waiting for two hours is going to be difficult...
After Steve’s third orgasm finally ended the soldier collapsed onto the bed, not caring about the huge pool of cooling cum. Once he finally snapped out of his lusty haze he looked around for Tony. He spotted the other man on the other side of the room, looking in a drawer.
Steve jumped a little, startled by the sudden shift in attention. He jerked his head towards Fury and looked at him, a confused look on his face. “Uhhh...” Steve blushed slightly, it wasn’t like him to have his mind wander during a meeting. “N-no. Everything sounds fine,” he lied.
.” Tony whispered, his lips brushing against Steve’s sensitive skin. “After I fuck you, want me to see if I can fit all this into my mouth?” the younger man flicked the tip with his tongue, tasting the warm fluid. “Y –yes-“ was all Steve could choke out. He spread his legs further and lifted his ass off the bed, trying to present his hole.
“T-Tony no-” Steve’s voice cracked and he threw his had back in discomfort. “Too- uhhhhhh… sensitive- Ahhhh!” he slumped over into Tony’s arms and continued to groan as his oversensitive dick was stroked. “Cumming like that after being on the edge of orgasm three times must have felt amazing,” Tony purred, running his fingers over Steve’s length tenderly. "You can still cum for me. I know your super soldier body can do it."
Steve bit his lip hard, holding back from cumming. He was overstimulated and hyper sensitive from the orgasm moments before. “Too much,” he managed to gasp out and he gripped the sheets tight enough to tear them to shreds.
Tony frowned, but it was expected. “Sure. I’m sure Steve will understand too.” Damn, that’s what he really wanted to see.
The brunette’s hand stilled, still wrapped around the hardening dick. “How will we tell them?” Tony asked, his gaze locked with Steve’s. The blonde swallowed “I don’t know… Maybe we can sit down and tell them it’s a side effect of the- Ughhhh!!“ his sentence was cut short when Tony stroked Steve’s dick a few times making him involuntarily moan.
Bruce shook his head. “I don’t know Tony I-“
Bruce stood silent for a moment, letting the images of what he had just witnessed swirl in his mind. Steve was willing, weighing the pros and cons… what was the problem? “As long as I have control. If The Other Guy wants in, I’m leaving. I’m not ready for that."
They both couldn't wait, they barely got into the room before Steve backed Tony up into his dresser. Steve gripped the front of Tony’s shirt and drew him close. “T-Tony…” Steve gasped in his ear. “I need this. I need
Steve fell to the floor half in shock and the other in embarrassment.
"Captain America could be reading this RIGHT NOW! Eeeek! X3" one fan wrote. Another fan replied back, "Nah, he probably doesn't know how the Internet works. If anything, it's Tony Stark who looks on the Captain America sub forum. We ALL know he has a thing for Captain Rogers. Hehehe. I'm off to write fanfiction." After that the thread that was supposed to be all about Steve's butt went off topic into a StevexTony thread, then veered back to the original topic, now with the idea of Tony staring and playing with Steve's butt.
At least Bruce had enough control for The Hulk to go relatively slow instead of fucking Steve so brutally fast that would cause harm.
Steve licked his lips. He couldn’t wait.
"Don’t worry Steve. I’ll give you what you want.” Clint hopped off the bed and with a few tugs he pulled off his own pants and underwear. He took something out of his pants pocket and placed it on a dresser within arm’s reach. Steve smiled at the sight, Clint was already nice and hard just from watching and kissing him.
“What do you want me to do to you?” Tony smirked. “Tell me in intricate detail.”
The genius took Steve’s pecs in a firm grasp once more and squeezed a few times. He then took each nipple between his thumb and index finger and rubbed the hard nubs between them, extracting a choked groan from Steve. Tony grinned wickedly and pulled on his right nipple, hard. Cum splattered on the tiled wall in front of the solider, who fell forward and braced himself with one arm on the wall. Steve was panting and Tony could feel his heart racing. “Do it again.” Steve’s voice was raspy and low, demanding. Tony was more than happy to comply. He gave the soldier’s right nipple some slack and instead tugged on the left. “Harder. More.”
Two more fingers pressed in deep giving Steve a good stretch as he imagined Tony fucking him like that. “Please just let me be your sex toy. Ahh ahhh ahhh!” A fourth finger joined the others and Steve pushed his hand in so deep that some of his palm slid inside. “Just- uhhh… use my body. Bend me over whenever you want- fuck me like a good whore." Steve came hard, coating Tony’s chest and stomach with white. He kept fucking himself through it, enjoying how his ass clenched around his fingers from the climax. Small moans of ecstasy escaped Steve’s body each time he breathed. “I mean it Tony.” Steve leaned in and gave the other man a hungry sloppy kiss, still slowly fingering his ass. He moaned as their lips slipped apart. “I’m yours.”
"I can tell you're turned on, Rogers,” Tony blatantly stared at Steve's crotch. Steve didn't dare glance down, he was so ashamed.
“Do you like it when I smack your ass?” Tony asked. Steve nodded.
The soldier laid there, still trying to catch his breath, when the door opened and Tony stepped inside, a wide grin on his face. He gazed down at the sloppy mess at his feet. “Did you enjoy yourself?” Tony asked. Steve groaned and slowly nodded. “You were a good boy, you could have taken it out, but you kept it in. You’re so good at following orders.” Tony praised and walked over to the bed and placed another dildo onto it. “After you clean yourself up, stuff that one inside.” He turned and walked out, back to work.
Tony looked down at the panting mess before him. Steve was laid out on the bed, legs drawn up to his chest and his ass stuffed full with a huge dildo. He was panting, coming down from his third orgasm.
Steve bonelessly rolled off the bed. His feet hit the floor and he stood slowly. Cum dripped off his body onto the floor and Tony didn’t even care. “Shower. Now.” he commanded. “Yes sir,” Steve nodded and slowly made his way into the bathroom, cum dripping the whole way.
Tony slowly pulled the dildos out and shoved them back in, repeating it faster and faster each time. Steve continued cumming, his cries becoming higher and louder with each thrust.
Thanks to the serum, with that perfect body of his, Steve could go on for hours. That was a secret he and his men were going to take with them to the grave. Steve was never open about his sexual prowess, in the army he mostly did it to keep the men a little stress free... In the beginning. Servicing the men was something Steve grew to love, then to looked forward to it, then to craved it. No one spoke of it outside of the Captain’s tent.
He stopped in his tracks when he saw Steve waiting in front of his bedroom door. The soldier looked out of it. He was slumped against the wall, breathing heavily, his eyes half lidded. "Steve! Are you ok?" Tony rushed to his friend's side. The blonde took hold of Tony's wrist, gripping hard enough to bruise him. "Ow! Steve what the--"
Tony glanced back at Bruce and smirked. “Don’t worry, this is just a break.” He turned his attention back to Steve and he smacked the soldier’s ass hard making Steve climax once more. Tony took the opportunity of the added tightness of clenching ass to ram into Steve until he came with a groan.
Thank you all for being so patient with me. I wish I was more consistent with my writing. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! :>
Steve whined and placed his hand on top of Tony’s head. “I’ll try,” his voice was breathy, needy. He took in a sharp breath when Tony took the tip into his mouth and gave a high pitched moan when he felt the other man's tongue swirl over the head. Tony groaned, enjoying the taste of the copious amount of precum that flowed out. Steve’s grip on Tony’s hair tightened making the genius give a pained muffled shout. “Sorry!” Steve instantly let go and went to pull away. Tony gripped Steve’s thighs and held him there, signaling that it was ok.
Steve moaned, fully awake, imagining being used like that. Minding his own business in the kitchen and Tony, without warning, bends him over the counter and fucks his brains out. Maybe Steve would walk around in skimpy outfits, or even naked for easy access…
He lay there for a moment panting in utter bliss. His tits were still so engorged and full. He would need to continue for a few hours before he was even the slightest bit satisfied. He smiled to himself as he took his delicious pecs in his hands once again.
Steve grit his teeth, his cock was fully hard and dripping pre cum onto Tony’s knuckles. “I could openly touch myself when I pretend to think I’m alone, when I know someone is nearby.”
••••••••••••••••••••
Steve ripped his gaze from Tony’s eyes and set his eyes upon his own body. What he saw made him moan, cumming from the sight. His belly was rounded, so full of cum and cock that was still buried balls deep inside him. He was so full, belly so swollen with such delicious cum, making the soldier look about 4 months pregnant. This is what he always wanted, one of his most filthy desires finally came true. And all he could think of was…
Steve was a little upset that Tony stopped spanking him. When he opened his mouth to complain he barely got his first syllable out before Tony spanked him. Steve clenched his fists tight, enjoying the sting.
Steve spasmed and came, smiling as he felt Tony fill him up moments later. “You sick kinky slut,” Tony breathed as he draped himself on top of Steve’s broad back, his softening cock still inside that amazing heat. “You have some insane fetishes.”
Steve stayed there for a few more minutes, wondering what Tony had planned for him later.
Steve’s words hung heavy in the air as the three men looked down at the soldier. Utter shame crept over the poor blonde as he became hyper aware that his words were fixated on. Steve hoped that Bruce didn’t feel upset or thought that he never really wanted Bruce at all, which was as far from the truth as could be. Steve had also never blatantly outright said that was what he ultimately wanted from Bruce, (He let Tony use his silver tongue for such things) and knowing how reluctant Bruce was, he wouldn’t be surprised if he called it off right now.
“What’s your record?”
Tony looked down at the other man. “Steve, I know you were fingering yourself, but you came when I called you a slut.” Steve visibly shivered; his dick twitched and the tip drooled with cum. Steve blushed lightly, a little embarrassed from being so turned on by a word. The billionaire smiled. “So you like the dirty talk?” Steve glanced up, then looked down and nodded. Tony bit his bottom lip, grinning. What other secrets was the great Captain America hiding?
“Steve looked surprised. Looks to me like you didn’t tell him I was coming.” Bruce pressed, talking a few steps towards the there man. “I told him you were coming in two hours, not one. A slight discrepancy on my part.” Tony began stripping cum soaked seats off the bed. "After a few minutes with each other, you or Steve won’t even care about this ‘incident’. Trust me.”
“Each night I would become more and more like a sex toy. My asshole would gape for them. My mouth was constantly looking to suck a nice fat dick.  Ahhh- my nipples would ache to be sucked. My ass wanted to be spanked raw. All I wanted to do was cum and cum and…” His eyes flew open and he moaned loudly. “Fuck fuck. Oh gooood fuck me!” Steve blurted out as he came all over himself.
Tony then drew away and sat on the counter next to the sink, which had a nice view. “Do it until I tell you to stop.”
Steve’s grip began to slacken on his dick and his thrusting hips slowed to a stop. The soldier lay still, his chest heaving as he gasped for air, his eyes closed.
After a beat, Hulk brought Steve back down, burying himself deep inside once more. Steve’s quivering insides made such sloppy sounds as he was slid down onto the huge member, his body opening up for the cock to distend from his gut once more. Oh god- everything sent Steve over the edge, cumming hard once again.
Steve is happy to be on his knees for Clint.
The Hulk growled like an animal and gripped Steve’s hips harder, further bruising the man’s skin as he mercilessly pounded into the blonde with incredible speed. The soldier could feel the throbbing pulses of The Hulk’s cock quicken and become stronger each time Steve was sunk onto that giant length. Oh- god- Oh fuck! He was going to-
Once he was done washing himself he braced himself on the tiled wall with one arm and leaned over, sticking his ass out. He reached around with his free arm and traced the outside of his asshole.
Steve gasped at the wet sensation around his dick. Tony’s mouth was stretched as wide is it could go and he barely had three inches in his mouth. “Ah, Tony!” Steve cried unconsciously thrusting his hips into the wet heat. His cock roughly hit the back of Tony’s throat and it made him instantly pull back, gagging. “Tony I’m sorry!” Steve recoiled back, popping his massive length out of the genius’s mouth, who continued to cough. “I- it’s fine-” Tony’s eyes were full of tears. “It’s fine. Just- try not to do that again. It’s been a while since I sucked cock, and never one this huge.”
“Oh fuuuck-“ was all Steve could groan.
“More…” Steve said in a strained breathed.
“Mhmm, happens every time I get hard. I’m insatiable, so ravenous for it.” Steve paused and bit his bottom lip. Suddenly Steve stepped out of the elevator and down the hall. He had to get to Tony’s room, this is too much. He was getting off on Clint eyeing him. He didn’t want to cum like that, not if Clint wasn’t interested.
“Hmm?” Steve raised his head slightly, giving the other man a questioning look.
Steve couldn’t process what was happening. It’s been so long since he’s had a dick so deep inside. It feels so good. “Tonyyyy-“ was all he could say. “Your ass is so tight,” Tony gasped plunging inside again and again. Tony knew he wasn’t going to last very long, just looking at Steve in a writhing mess from a dick inside him was enough to make him blow his load.
Bruce didn’t stop his relentless pace, adding two more fingers, flattening out his palm against the dildo to open the blonde up even more. “Aaaahhhhh-“ Steve moaned, arching his back, releasing more cum, splattering his body in more delicious white. “Please- pleeeease!” Steve gasped, drawing out his begging words.
“I want The Hulk to
!!” Steve cried, cock pulsed again and again, each time a new wave of cum came gushing out. Tony decided to remove his arm and let Steve ride out the rest of his orgasm. The soldier didn’t need more stimuli at this point, he had been ejaculating for about a minute already. Tony slowly drew his arm out, finally removing his fist with a pop. Steve’s hole was completely destroyed. It was so gaped and twitched with each pulse of his cock.
Steve chucked "I guess my body has to get used to being used like this again." "I think thirteen orgasms is pretty good for our first time, don’t you think?” Tony asked. “Gotta break this record some other time.”
There was another short pause and Steve leaned in a bit closer. “But?” he asked raising an eyebrow. “But,” Clint continued. “I don’t want us to start using you like and object… where’s the line?”
Bruce was a little more than halfway and stopped. He gazed down at Steve and he smiled sweetly. “You feel so good, Steve.” He slowly drew out and back in faster making Steve give a small yelp. “I was going to make you beg more, but dammit you’re so beautiful.” Bruce began to shallowly thrust into Steve, with each thrust he buried his cock deeper and deeper inside. “So good. So open-” Bruce’s voice was low and breathy.
“What a masochist you are Rogers,” Tony smacked his pecs as hard as he could from his odd position behind Steve. Steve cried out, his entire body seized and jerked forward while thick shots of jizz splattered on the wall. "Mmmm... cum Steve,” Tony pulled at both nipples eliciting another throaty moan. “Cum from me playing with your big tits.”
For further reassurance. Steve moved a shaking hand to Bruce’s, which held the blonde by the hips in a tight grip. “I- c- can take it-“ Steve said trying to steady his voice through his heavy gasps. Bruce stilled his thrusts, his cock halfway inside and looked down at the soldier, who begged once more. “Please, Bruce…
century and he’s not sure how people would react to him being so sexual. Captain America, fighting for freedom and justice, the soldier who fought in World War II. The famous man out of time is a 95-year-old fossil, who has an overpowered sex drive.
Ever since Steve revealed his true sexual desires to a certain billionaire he became almost shameless when he was off duty. Steve hung around Tony while he worked, rubbing himself through his jeans, enjoying how hard it was for Tony to concentrate. One day when Steve was feeling particularly naughty he rubbed himself against Tony’s thigh when Bruce had his back turned. How he wanted to throw all the gadgets that they were working on off the table and have Bruce see that he wasn’t the only caged animal.
Steve gave a muffled groan in response, shallowly moving back and forth for that constant feel of cock sliding down his eager throat.
“Wait.”
Steve’s eyes slowly opened and he gazed at Tony and Bruce, his eyes full of hunger. Bruce looked impressed and confused while Tony grinned with narrowed eyes at the scientist.
His body was covered in white liquid and his orgasm had just now began to subside.
“Ahhh…” Steve gave a choked gasp. His eyes rolled back and he came hard, adding to the obscene amount of fluid in his pants. Driven by his need to cum, Steve kept going, riding out his orgasm and started building up to the next. He felt the cum dripping down his legs, making his pants dark from the wetness.
Steve cried out against Clint’s lips, muscles tensing under Tony’s hands and mouth, hole clamping down on Bruce’s fingers and dildo as he came hard. The ropes of thick white cum pumped onto Tony and Clint, hitting them both with a copious amount.
“I didn’t say that.” Clint said hastily. “I just really want to make sure that this is what you want… I’ve never done something like this before.”
“Then let’s get you inside, soldier,” Tony helped Steve to his feet and led him to the bed.
“Tony I…” Steve swallowed hard. “This is beyond anything I’ve ever imagined I would do with anyone ever again.” He began to slowly stoke himself. “I thought I was only going to relive my fantasies of the army in my dreams.”
Steve shut his eyes tight as he took more throbbing cock inch by inch, unable to do much of anything else as his body was so tight, every muscle twitching and flexing. His own cock was just drooling cum like a broken faucet, the pressure and the rubbing against his prostate was indescribable.
Clint stayed silent for a moment. “It’s…” he paused, trying to find the right words. “It’s not that I don’t find it enjoyable, Steve. Because- my god, you’re gorgeous.” He motioned up and down with his hand, his eyes following the motion. “And what you did, on your knees for me… needless to say you blew my damn mind.”
Tony gives Steve a blow job and Steve loves mirrors.
” Steve kept repeating his name every time the genius plunged his wet muscle deep inside.
“Stop.” Tony ordered. Steve was still in a frenzy but stilled his hips, his entire body seized up as his orgasms continued to rip through him. Tony bit his bottom lip and groaned when he felt it, the powerful pulse of Steve’s cock against his thigh as a new wave of cum gushed out.
“Maybe it was a little bit of The Other Guy poking through. That will work to your advantage my dear Captain,” Tony said as he slid his soapy hands down Steve’s chest. “Maybe he’ll fuck you good and hard.” Tony paused and gave a chuckle. "It’s always the quiet ones who are animals in bed… well look who I’m talking to!” Tony made his point by pinching Steve’s nipple, making the soldier groan. “I thought I was the only one who could make you cum on command…” Tony absentmindedly moved his thumb and index finger and slowly rubbed the taught nipple.
He drew his legs up so his ass was in full view. His hand traveled down, passed his perfect tits, delicious abs, throbbing cock to his hungry hole. He never broke eye contact with Bruce as he slowly inserted 3 glistening fingers inside. Steve groaned as he slowly fucked himself, enjoying the stretch when his knuckles slid inside. His cock dripped a generous amount of precum onto his abs. He inserted his pinky along with his other fingers, keeping the slow pace, enjoying the way his ass seemed to pull his fingers inside, begging to be stuffed wide and deep.
“Beautiful isn’t he?” Tony suddenly asked.
Request for an anon on Tumblr. I hope you enjoy it! I had a ton of fun writing this! :>
There was a silence and they stood there looking at each other. Tony noted Bruce didn’t try to leave.
. The Hulk’s cock is a gigantic, pulsing mass of inhumanly sized flesh, holding Steve open impossibly wide- and Steve is able to take it. His perfect super soldier body stretching out and adapting, ready and willing to take it all.
Tony hastily stood like he had been struck with a lightning bolt. “What am I doing laying on the floor when I have places to be? Gonna go change, shower and meet Bruce in the lab to talk. Love you bye!” he left the room at sonic speed, careful not to run into any fellow Avengers on the way back to his room.
Tony gently laid Steve onto the bed and wiped the cum off of his heaving chest. The genius couldn’t help himself and gave the blonde’s tits a squeeze. Steve’s eyes flew open and he gave a pained moan. “Hurts-“ Steve choked. Tony began to apologize but Steve cut him off. “Feels good,” the soldier gave a weak smile.
“T-this is cruel, Tony-“ Steve managed to gasp in a low growl. Tony wore a permanent grin watching Steve writhe and orgasm just from humping his thigh. “You don’t seem to have a problem getting off though, Rogers.” “Shut up,” Steve whispered, grinding against Tony despite his words.
"Tony..." Steve's voice was an urgent groan.
Request from my beta, dark-days-dark-nights-xx. I hope you like it!! I honestly had a bit of a hard time writing this one, it was a challenge, but I had fun with it! :>
Steve’s mind was whirling with different scenarios. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to open up to someone about his sexual desires. But on the other hand… maybe Tony is exactly what he needs…
Tony’s hand that was jacking Steve off quickened. “Are you my slut, Steve?”
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “I don’t know if I should be offended or not… It’s hot that you wanna get fucked by as many dicks as you can handle, but are you also saying I don’t satisfy you?”
“You’re beautiful Steve. Fuck, you’re so hot. Just look at yourself,” Tony was next to Steve now. “Look how sexy you are.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony,” Bruce sighed trying his best to keep a cool composure. “We have to get back to work, this science won’t do itself.”
“Do you require my assistance with anything, sir?” Jarvis asked as Tony was finishing putting clean sheets on the bed. “No, Jarvis thanks.” Tony glanced at the bathroom door. About twenty minutes had gone by since Steve had gone into the bathroom.
The buttons of his shirt strained to keep closed, pulled so taught. God it felt like the buttons were going to fly off.
The dildo started to vibrate more violently, making Steve sink to his knees, biting his bottom lip to hold in the loud moans that threatened to tear form him. “Steve?” Natasha asked, stepping closer.
Steve couldn’t believe this was going to happen. He was going to have a fist inside his ass… maybe part of an arm, maybe two hands. The thought made the soldier shutter.
Clint drew away and Steve gasped for air, finally groaning loudly. Tony drew his lips away from Steve’s tits with a sucking wet pop, releasing that tender red nipple from his talented mouth. “Such a good whore…” Tony praised, licking his lips.
Steve suddenly felt a little self-conscious. If it was just Tony sitting there he would have been on the bed in a second, begging to cum. But this was Bruce! He probably would have had a lot of forplay and kissing before moving forward. And here Steve was, already naked and hard.
The soldier stopped at Tony’s bedroom door, still turned away from Clint. “Are you sure?” he asked, his voice shaking. “I meant what I said. I’m insatiable.”
to climax, this was just too fucking hot.
“Damn, Steve.”
“Clint, remember what I told you,” Tony raised his eyebrows as he stared right into the phone’s camera to “look directly” at Clint. “He wants to be used and he likes it rough. Just look at how good he’s being for you, holding your cock in his mouth, waiting for instructions like a good whore.”
Now Steve is living in the 21
Steve licked his lips, his cock twitched before the words fell from his mouth. “Other men.”
Steve gasped at those words and he came, his load spattering onto his stomach and dripping into his pants. The blonde didn’t slow his grinding hips for a moment, he raised his head and gave Tony a needy open mouthed kiss.
Before Bruce could speak Tony interjected. “I finally convinced Bruce to let The Hulk in on the action."
Steve cums from humping Tony's thigh.
“Steve?”
(See the end of the chapter for
With each plunge of his cock inside Tony, Steve’s cries became higher and louder. By now Tony was bottoming out, taking every inch of Steve’s super soldier cock, fucking down on him without mercy.
As Fury spoke the soldier’s eyes wandered to the others in the room. He hadn’t forgot the promise Tony had said to him a few weeks prior, the first time they had marathon sex. His mouth watered looking at each Avenger, wondering how hard it would be for him and Tony to get them all to have sex with him… At the same time. Steve quietly gasped, his cock pulsed, adding to the wetness. Fuck.
Steve fell back onto the bed with a broken cry and came, showering himself in his own milk and cum. His whole body writhed in pleasure and hips bucked over and over with each new wave of cum. Milk pooled between his collarbones, cleavage, abs and navel. He was absolutely covered and it drove him wild.
“Bruce…” Tony finally broke the silence. "Steve wants this. We’re not going to force you, if you don’t want to do this, it’s fine. Just know that if you don’t show I’ll be forced to bare the burden of having Steve’s perfect body all to myself.” Tony strode to the doorway and halted, turning around. "Come by my room in an hour. Steve and I will be waiting.” With that he left, praying that he made Steve sound enticing enough for someone like Bruce.
Two hours before he had to be in Tony’s bedroom. Time to take a shower and prepare himself.
Tony took in a deep breath and lined his dick up with Steve’s entrance but didn’t push forward. He stayed there, enjoying watching the soldier get almost angry with him. “Damnit Tony!!”
“Fuuuuuuuck~” Steve wailed, his boneless arms finally finding the strength to move, if only a little. His hands clapped against his cum drenched skin, pressing it against his distended belly, feeling the length pull from his body with a wet pop before he was pushed back onto the cock. His hands were pushed up as the cock thrust inside. He moaned in satisfaction, staring up at The Hulk as he pressed down, knowing The Other Guy could feel the pressure.
Steve was so wrecked in pleasure, his back arched, neck bent back, uncontrollably drooling, hands gripping the sheets with a white knuckled grip, eyes rolled into his skull as his vision blurred. He was uncontrollably cumming and cumming, drenching himself further in ropes of thick white. The soldier couldn’t even see what was happening, but holy FUCK he could
Ooooh Tony! You're a sneaky one! I hope you all enjoyed this one! I had a ton of fun writing it. :>
“No way.” Tony shook his head, his smile broadening. “You’ll have to be punished for being so rough with me,” his smile formed into a devilish grin and stood up, making sure to swipe his fingers against Steve’s rigid dick as he did so. "Punished how?” Steve asked his eyes darkened with lust. “Stand up and face the mirror.” the brunette ordered.
Tony smacked his rear again. Steve moaned, his eyes opening wide. “Say it. Do you like it when I smack you?” the brunette asked again.
Bruce’s hand stilled for absolute silence as Steve cried out.
Thank you all so much for your patience! I've been busy these past few months and my new chapter went untouched for a long time. I hope this chapter was a good read after my little delay in uploading it. <3 :>
Thank you all for being so patient with me and my periods of no updates. I had a ton of fun writing this smutty Steve story and I hope you all had fun reading it! I want to write a prequel and sequel for this story. Not sure which I'll write first...
It was Clint.
“Oh I’m sure he can stretch just fine. I’m certain he doesn’t even need to stretch before a workout.” Bruce went on, not understanding what Tony meant. Tony chuckled. “I’ll just tell you then… Steve and I,” Tony paused and stared right at Bruce who was leaned over, giving the other man his full attention.
Steve’s gaze was fixed upward, looking at Clint and the phone as he was used like a sex toy. “That’s it,” Clint’s voice wavered. "Fuck- you're so pretty."
Steve looked down at the floor.
“What do you need, Steve?” Tony asked. “Stuff me full… I want to be stretched more. Please my hole is so hungry. Please!” Steve begged. He wanted it so bad Tony thought he saw tears in his eyes.
It was Tony again. “Open your mouth,” he growled. Steve obeyed, his jaw instantly went slack. Clint’s cock rested heavily on his tongue and it had just barely started to go down his throat. Steve looked up, peering at Clint and the phone in his hand, waiting to be told what to do.
Steve has seen people admire him. He admitted, it felt great to be loved by the people that he fought so hard to protect. He also had to admit that he took a little pride in that as well and he felt awful for doing so.
Steve removed his hand with a huff and rested his arm back on the bed. Tony reached for the lube that was near the edge of the bed but paused when a wicked idea crossed his mind. This would mean he couldn’t cum this round either, but he was sure it would be worth it.
“It’ll take a lot to beat that record,” Steve’s eyes fluttered closed and he yawned.
“Tony. Tonyyy.
Tony absentmindedly bit his bottom lip before he replied. “How much he can stretch.”
He was being watched, choking on cock and he was getting off on it.
Tony talks Steve to orgasm.
“Aaahhhhhh…” Steve moaned low in his chest, his eyes shut as he focused on the feeling of how big the dildo was. “Bigger-“ he breathed unconsciously as he came from the need of taking a longer, thicker dildo.
The next chapter or two will contain cum inflation and a very very large dick. I know I've done pretty gratuitous/semi hardcore stuff in Perfect Body and in this, but being fucked by The Hulk is going to be a whole different ball game! I want to give you all a heads up, since I know that kind of stuff could be jarring, since I've never had anything like that in my fics before. (outside of Tony and Steve just talking about it) ... I guess I'm just feeling a little anxious about it.
They both pulled away from the kiss and cried out, cumming at the same time. They rode the aftershocks of orgasm embraced, riding out the last drops of cum on each other’s thigh. They slumped to the floor and laid on their backs, panting. Both a mess, so sweaty and undone. Of course Steve was still straining against his cum soaked pants.
Tony shut his eyes and audibly swallowed making Steve groan, his cock throbbed once more, replacing the swallowed jizz and then some. So thick. So much.
I'm so sorry for the long delay in updating this! Thank you all for being so patient!
“What!?” Steve whipped his head towards the door and sure enough Bruce was standing there. The man looked completely awestruck.
Steve’s thick cock and large balls hung heavy between his legs. His cock was dripping cum onto the bed sheets, where a generous amount pooled. Steve needed to orgasm again he couldn’t take it anymore. “Tony!” He lifted his head off the pillow to twist around and look at the other man. Tony spanked him as hard as he could, turning Steve’s right cheek a deep shade of pink. The force of the blow made Steve’s cock jolt resulting in a few shots of semen, but definitely not an orgasm.
“Rogers… do you have anything to add?”
Tony snickered; Steve’s reaction was going to be great, there was no sugar coating this. “It’s when someone sticks their tongue inside someone’s ass.” Tony stated, as if it was the most normal thing to say. Steve’s eyes widened and his face contorted in a look of confusion. “
Steve washed himself thoroughly, turned off the shower, ran a towel over his body and through his hair before leaving the bathroom. He then noticed a note on the bedside table and next to it was a 10 inch long, 2 inch girth dildo. The note read “Plug yourself with me <3” Steve chuckled and he got to work, opening himself up and taking in that monster dildo, giving his hole a nice stretch. He wondered if Tony had plans for him, or if he merely wanted Steve to have it inside just because. Either way, Steve wasn't complaining.
“Steve- are you ok?” Nat asked, worriedly coming over to help the soldier. “I- I’m fine!” Steve held out his hand to signal her to stay back, his back still to her. “The bag slipped… that’s all.” He tried to keep his voice level.
Steve screamed through clenched teeth, drool spilling down his chin. His eyes blew wide as he came, showering himself in cum from being split in half by the monstrous dick. He could feel his body opening up as the shaft went deeper and deeper.
“Sorry Clint I didn’t know how to say it. I figured you would see it anyway so…” Steve trailed off. Regardless of the embarrassment, just having Clint look at him when he's so hard in his pants made his cock twitch.
“You jealous?”
This is what Tony loved about Steve everything is so desperate, so raw. Tony’s cock was fully erect, both cocks rubbing against the other through their pants. Both straining and leaking, so slippery from the cum. It was all teeth and tongues and hard cocks grinding against the other.
Steve stood and in a few paces sat on the bed, looking at Tony for further directions.  “Put your head on my pillows and butt in the air,” Tony instructed. The blonde did as he was told; he rested his head on the pillows, his muscular back curved upward to his perfect ass, his legs spread wide. Tony’s eyes raked over every inch of Steve, he was finally able to drink in the soldier’s utter perfection. Everything about him was big, defined, sensual, beautiful. The brunette could go on for hours about how the super soldier looked from this position alone.
Cum covered Steve’s stomach, chest and face, it ran down his sides and onto the chair.  The soldier stroked his cock a few more times, milking it, loving the feeling of more liquid pooling on his abs. He licked as much cum as his tongue could reach off his face and he swallowed it, savoring his own taste. "So good..." Steve moaned bringing his cum drenched hand to his mouth and sucked on his fingers. "Mmmm my cum tastes so good- ahhh-" His body seized up, cock pulsing once more, adding to the obscene amount of jizz.
Thank you all so much for being patient with me! I'm sorry you had to wait so long for another chapter. This chapter isn't very long, I promise the next one will be longer. ;)
Bruce sat at a consol, trying his best to tune out Steve’s pornographic moans, the slapping of his sweet ass against Tony’s pelvic bone and the slick sound of Steve’s obscene hole gliding back and forth on hard cock.
"Jarvis, open my door." Tony commanded as he hurriedly led Steve into his bedroom. "I assume you won't be taking any calls?" The AI asked. "I'm out for the night," the billionaire confirmed.
"Ahhh- aaaahh ahhhh-" A moan was punched from Steve with each thrust inside his trembling body as The Hulk sped up his relentless pounding. The soldier felt like a rang doll as he was literally used like a cock sleeve , being forced up and down onto cock like his powerfully muscular body weighed nothing at all. He actually felt small and helpless in The Hulk’s grip, completely at the mercy of his cock. The feeling of being taken by someone so much bigger and stronger than him was such a turn on…
“How did you start your uh, services?” Tony asked while he stripped the cum soaked sheets off the bed. Steve stopped and looked at Tony in question. “Don’t stop.” The other man commanded. Steve laid his head back and closed his eyes and began to slowly stroke himself once again. “Th-the men… they needed an outlet… someone to relieve them… ahhh- to make them feel good.”
Steve drew his hand to his mouth and slid them inside, closing his eyes and sucking, swirling his tongue around the digits getting them nice and wet. He moaned as he deep throated his fingers, simulating a cock. Once his fingers were good and dripping he slowly removed them, a thick string of saliva connected his hand and mouth as he drew away.
“Thanks Tony,” Steve waved as he walked out of the lab towards the elevator. Once inside he pressed the floor to Tony’s room and waited impatiently as the doors slowly closed. Steve groaned, feeling Tony’s cum starting to leak out of him. He absentmindedly ran his hand over his enormous bulge marveling at the size. Steve moaned as he palmed himself. Oh god he wanted to cum in his pants right here. The sight of his bulge was just too-
Finally the dildo let up and slowly slowed down till it stopped, leaving Steve to lay on the cool floor, panting, covered in his own cum.
The silence dragged on for a few more seconds until Bruce finally spoke. “How can I deny you, after asking for it so sweetly…” A small, teasing smile tugged on the scientists lips as he removed his fingers from Steve before slowly pulling the dildo from his gaping hole. “The safe word is alien, understand?”
Suddenly Tony was beside him but he didn’t halt the super soldier’s actions. He bent in to whisper into Steve’s ear. “Enjoy yourself. Cum all over your own reflection.”
Once Clint forced every last drop of cum into the soldier he finally drew him off. Clint grinned as he looked down at his handiwork.
Steve heavily slumped over onto the bed and sighed at the feeling of the silk against his skin. Tony hurriedly threw a heavy blanket over the drying cum stained sheets from before. They were so close to the end, no way was he changing the sheets again.
As Steve read on his heart began to pound faster. He could feel himself growing hard in his own pants. Wait, what!? This wasn’t supposed to happen! Steve tried to tear his eyes away, but he kept on reading. God this is so...
“Look at you, coming undone from me spanking your ass.” Smack. “You love this don’t you?” Smack. “You’re nothing but a whore, Steve Rogers.” Smack. “A filthy slut for me to play with.” Smack. “A masochistic-“ Smack. “cock loving-“ Smack “Whore!”
Steve couldn’t help but feel a wash of guilt each time he had these thoughts. He wasn't supposed to be prideful but he couldn't stop himself. He sometimes found himself staring into a mirror, admiring his muscles. Steve was never a prideful person, but he can't deny that his body is perfect.
Steve is rimmed for the first time.
Clint audibly swallowed as he stared at a flushed, panting, straining Captain America before him. It was like the super soldier was in heat or something.
“Steve wants this!” Tony pressed. “He wants you, me and Clint.” Tony avoided mentioning The Hulk, he didn’t want to scare the older man away.
“Your cock is already getting hard for me. You were a good soldier so I’ll give it to you any way you want.” Tony drew close to Steve’s ear. “How do you want it?” the billionaire whispered as he swirled his index finger around the bulbous head of Steve’s erection making the soldier give a throaty groan. “I can tie you up, strap you down and leave a vibrator on high inside your hungry ass and watch you cum and cum untouched until you scream and beg for me to turn it off,” Tony grinned when he felt Steve’s cock twitch in response. Steve's dick was fully erect now and began to drool precum.
“Make out with your reflection. Touch yourself. Indulge your narcissistic side.” Tony paused, grinning wider. “But don’t cum.”
Tony plays with Steve's chest.
I hope you all enjoy this one!! There won't be as much talking in the next chapters, but it had to be done. Enjoy!! :>
Steve’s breathing was becoming shaky as his body became consumed in the steady unrelenting pleasure and Bruce’s sweet words. Bruce leaned down and kissed Steve. It was open mouthed this time with so much need. They pulled away, a string of saliva connected them. Bruce growled in a low voice. “Cum.”
Steve opened his eyes and gave a small smile. “Mmmm let’s do it."
The billionaire leaned down, his elbows on either side of Steve’s face, their mouths inches apart. “Ah ahhh… Tony-“ Steve choked. His bright blue eyes stared into Tony’s and he smiled, licking his lips. He raised his head off the pillow and finally kissed the other man. The almost tender moment turned into a filthy sloppy kiss in seconds. Steve moaned into Tony’s mouth, their tongues sliding against each other, teeth nipping at the other’s lips. Steve’s dick was sandwiched between their bodies and the constant friction caused a constant wave of jizz. Every time Tony hit the sweet spot deep inside Steve’s length throbbed, releasing another shot of thick liquid.
“That’s it,” Bruce whispered, never taking his eyes off of Steve. “Nice and slow.” He audibly swallowed when Steve’s lust filled eyes met his gaze. Steve kept the steady pace, his hand so slack around his cock, barely giving him any friction and yet… the constant ghost of a touch and slow stimulation was driving him wild. “Ah ah ah ah-“ Steve let out a quiet moan with each thrust of his hips. His cock was so slick with precum and his hand was so tantalizingly close to giving him the release he needed.
Steve’s body involuntarily spasmed from the aftershocks, his body overstimulated and exhausted.
So so so sorry for the insanely long delay in posting this chapter! Things kept getting in the way and I was basically writing this a line at a time for a while. I hope it was worth the wait! :>
Steve sat up and stretched his aching muscles, lifting his arms above his head with a long groan. The soldier stood from the bed, walked into the bathroom and used the facilities before turning on the shower and stepping inside. He smiled, letting the warm water lift what was left of groggy sleep from his mind. He had never been so content in his life, finally feeling so open and free with who he was. No longer would he have to hide his desire while among his teammates.
“So is this… normal?” Clint asked. He could see Steve trying his best to hide it, but the soldier was making tiny slow movements of his hips. Steve was getting off on this.
“God, Steve. That was…” Tony didn’t have any words to describe what he just saw, what he had just done. “Fuck…”
Tony knelt down beside the other man with a grin plastered on his face. “I have got to find a way to clone you.” He remarked. “That was quite possibly the hottest thing I’ve seen tonight.”
“What is he doing in there?” Tony asked, mostly to himself. “Why don’t you go in and look, sir?” Jarvis suggested. “I’m sure Captain Rogers won’t mind, considering what you two have been doing.” “Jarvis, you naughty thing.” Tony grinned. “I learn from the best,” the AI replied.
The Captain fished Tony’s half hard length out of his boxers. God it was everything he hoped for. It was a little bigger for a normal sized penis and slightly thicker too. Perfect.
Tony leaned down and pressed his lips against Steve’s hot cheek before going lower to his ear. “You’re going to get what you’ve been
He made his way downstairs and into the kitchen where Tony and Clint sat, eating and talking. Tony raised an eyebrow and grinned as Steve caught his eye. “Hey there, soldier. How’d you sleep last night?"
He stopped dead. It was Tony. Damnit!!!
Steve shivered and pathetically groaned, still not pulled from the deep haze of sleep. “Yes-“ he mumbled. His body moved on it’s own, his needy ass sluggishly thrusting back into Tony’s hips. It was slow and steady, as Steve was eased out of sleep. The haze of sleep, drifting out of full consciousness from exhaustion made the feeling of sex so dreamlike and otherworldly. Tony’s cock fucked Steve deep and deliberate, giving the soldier that blissful feeling of submission he needed.
Tony gave Steve’s cock a few more strokes before going still once more. “Good, but still not enough.”
Tony smiled to himself. Still, there was something different about Steve, he seemed almost out of his mind with lust. Could this be another unknown effect the serum has? Out of control sex drive? If Steve had been suppressing it for so long, Tony could only guess what he was in for.
“Get on the bed.”
The smut begins! More to come in chapter 3! Enjoy!
“This.” Bruce gave Steve’s cock one hard stroke. “Is mine now, understand?” His voice was firm and commanding. Steve slowly met Bruce’s gaze. The scientist was calm but there was a look in his eye that Steve had never seen before. “Y-yes,” Steve swallowed hard. He couldn’t believe how quickly things escalated!
Tony stroked Steve’s sweatly face affectionately, smiling down at Steve. The soldier’s eyes were closed, so content, so happy. So-
Tony stood and caught the other man by the wrist. “Bruce… the first night Steve and I were together he came a total of thirteen times. Not counting the number of times he probably came before he showed up at my door.” Tony took in a deep breath. “Imagine how many times we could make Steve orgasm together!”
Just as Steve began to hump Tony's hand, Jarvis interjected. "Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers, unless you wish for this to become public knowledge, Agent Romanov is headed in your direction."
Steve smiled with pride. There was so much cum that covered them both, his pants were drenched and the surrounding floor was flooded with thick white liquid.
He unclasped the bra and his chest was all too eager to be out of it. He looked down, staring at his pecs. So swollen and engorged. He cupped them with his hands and gave a squeeze, moaning when the milk sprayed from his nipples. He squeezed tighter trapping both nipples between his index and middle fingers, coaxing more milk out than before. So sensitive. So much.
The Hulk FINALLY gives Steve all he wants and more.
“Tony T-tony! Ahhh-“ Steve choked, tears stinging his eyes. “Fuuuck!” Steve's hips jackhammered upward spilling cum into his own hair.
Steve hesitantly looked up at the billionaire. Tony was looking right at him and he was smiling.
Tony popped his cock out of Steve’s mouth as the soldier’s orgasm began to slowly ebb. With a fucked out groan Steve managed to say the only word that came to his mind. “More-“
“Would you like to see how far we can push something? See how far we can make something reach it’s limits before it collapses?” the billionaire’s eyes narrowed in question. Bruce raised his eyebrows at the idea. “It sounds interesting, what would we be testing? A suit or something?”
Steve visibly stiffened. “What?” “Beg me to fuck you. I know you like to be humiliated. You said it yourself; you’re a fuck toy. Why shouldn’t you beg to get my dick?” Tony loved watching a slight blush creep onto the other man’s face.
••••••••••••••••••••
“Damn, Steve. You must have worked out and fucked enough to put yourself into a coma to only wake up now.”
Steve cried out as he came, wave after wave of jizz splattered onto his face and heaving chest. Tony finally got an up close, full view of Steve’s slutty orgasm face. Eyes rolled up, tongue lolling, with a sinful smile. Damn, it was beautiful. The soldier's hips jackhammered up and down in time with the spurts of his spunk.  “Fuck, Steve. Look how much you’re cumming, you must really want that." The super soldier was a writhing mess in Tony’s cradling arms.
Steve Rogers was no stranger to sex. He had sex a few times in the army… ok many times… ok orgies happened… and Steve was the center of attention.
“Clint,” Steve said again, his voice breathy and low. “Clint!” Steve grit his teeth in frustration, making his needs clear by bucking his hips upward, trying to grind against Clint’s thigh.
Tony frowned “I didn’t tell you to stop.” Steve nodded and slowly turned to the mirror once again. With his eyes still shut, he thrust his hips into the mirror and he felt his length meet cool glass. He slowly opened his eyes and groaned when he gazed down. His cock was pressed against the mirror and fuck! He wanted his own reflection to be real so the massive twin cocks could grind together. Just the thought alone had Steve biting his bottom lip to stop the cum that threatened to shoot out. He slowly rut against the mirror, smearing precum over the surface.
Not wanting to be a bother, Steve left, went to the kitchen and made himself some food. He wolfed it down, having worked up a large appetite from his workout and all those orgasms.
Steve gave a sharp gasp when he felt the first telltale sign that Bruce was changing. He felt the cock inside him throb and thicken slightly. Bruce grit his teeth in effort and concentration, holding himself back for as long as he could, trying to let Steve get used to him as he grew inside. Steve gasped as the cock grew again, growing thicker than the girth of the dildo he had inside for hours finally filling out his cavernous hole.
“I can stuff you full of dildos, see just how wide that slutty hole will gape for me, maybe enough for Bruce, then The Other Guy to get in on the action. You’d love it, being fucked by The Hulk while I watch, how powerless you’ll feel, how stretched you’ll be, how much cum will be all over and inside you.” Tony stopped touching Steve’s dick but the blonde didn’t seem to notice, he was too lost in his own dirty mind. "Your belly will distend from all the cum, and you’ll love it. Love how full of spunk you’ll be, love how you look pregnant, belly so heavy and bred like an animal. Imagine your hole afterwards, twitching, so open, cum just pouring out, ready to be fucked some more. You’re a slut, a fuck hole, nothing but a cum dump.”
The elevator doors opened. “Steve?”
I don't know why I'm writing Clint and Steve's relationship to be this way... it just seems to be in Clint's nature to treat his lovers in this way. <3
He bit his lower lip with a groan, enjoying the familiar burn as his wet finger breached his hole. He inserted it all the way to his knuckle, and then thrust it in and out a few times, enjoying the feeling of some of the cascading water leaking inside. After a minute he added a second finger. Steve moaned, all he could think was: soon this was going to be Tony. He thought of everything they could do, all the raunchy things done to him in the army. Every urge he tried to fight down bubbled up in his mind. The realization hit Steve like a ton of bricks.
"H-hey!" Steve whirled around and tried to give a smile. He leaned forward, trying to conceal his half hard dick. "What are you doing?" Tony took a step closer, leaning to see what was in his friend's hands.
Tony pushed his hand deeper; Steve’s ass was now taking halfway up his forearm. “You’re nothing but a fuck hole, Steve Rogers. You’re just a cum dump.” Steve moaned and sharply pushed his ass back, taking almost three more inches of Tony’s arm in a mere second, making him scream in pleasure filled pain. That was it. Steve’s cock exploded with jizz, his body convulsed violently, every muscle in his body contracted. Tony withdrew his arm and thrust is back inside making the soldier scream again. “Forget saving the world. Just get fucked by as many cocks as you want,” Tony continued to fuck Steve with his arm; his orgasm had no sign of stopping. “Your ass always gaping wide with cum always dripping out, your cock always hard, your mouth always ready to suck the next dick,” Tony pushed his arm deeper, almost up to his elbow.
“The number of men increased each night I serviced them. Each night I got fucked more and more. I swear there was so much cum poured into my ass and down my throat my belly distended. Mmmmm…” Steve groaned, his free hand rubbed his belly at the thought.
It was a command and that was it. Steve’s mouth opened wide in a quiet scream as he came. He covered his chest and abs with shot after shot, his hand still keeping that steady pace. It wasn’t as explosive as other orgasms Steve has had, but there was a lot of cum and he just kept cumming.
Steve continued to look down and the elevator stayed silent. In seconds the doors opened to Tony's bedroom floor.
"Is it true?" the genius asked.
“Leeeeet’s wash you off first, Rogers,” Tony strode to the bed and took Steve’s hand to help him to his feet. “We’ll be right back, I’m just gonna help Steve wash off.” Tony winked at Bruce as he headed to the bathroom with a jizz covered Steve in tow.
The soldier made it into the elevator where he sank to his knees and finally gave a long throaty moan, cumming in his shorts, the liquid seeped through the material and onto the floor. The vibrations intensified even more as he orgasmed, forcing his body into overdrive, making Steve cum over and over. The door to the elevator opened up to Steve’s bedroom floor and Steve crawled on his hands and knees to his room, moaning loudly and cumming the whole way, leaving a trail of obscene white.
Steve gave a nod. “Got it…"
Tony looked down at the perfect body stretched out before him. “You’re so damn beautiful, you know that?” Tony bit his bottom lip. His eyes raked downward from Steve’s heaving chest to his cum slicked abs. He stopped at the super soldier’s gigantic member, still impossibly hard and dripping. He marveled at how long and thick it was, so rigid against his solid stomach muscles. Tony leaned down, his mouth open and licked a trail from the base to tip with his tongue. The sudden heat along his dick made Steve whimper, his cock twitched and spilled jizz all over his abs.
Their tongues lazily lapped against the other as they softly groaned into each other’s mouths. Bruce’s hand reached down and slowly stroked Steve’s throbbing member through his shorts. Steve groaned loudly and he ground his ass down onto the dildo inside him, trembling as he came from the simple touch, having been hard for hours. The soldier ripped his lips away, drool seeping down his chin as he gazed at Bruce with half lidded eyes. “I’ve wanted this for so long…” he said, his voice low and breathy.
Steve smiled and chuckled, leaning back in the chair. “I appreciate your concern for me, really.” He gazed at Clint, his smile showing affection. “But I told Tony I wanted him to use me… After I’ve been without sex, holding myself back for so long… I want it. I
Tony wiped the cum off of Steve as best he could, who slowly began to recover from his overstimulated sensitivity. “You sure you’re good for one more round?” Tony asked. Steve smiled challengingly. “Of course.”
Steve felt relieved as he effortlessly lifted a punching bag. Before he could hang it on the hook, Steve yelped in surprise, dropping the bag on the floor with a loud bang. The dildo was vibrating inside of him!
All eyes were on Bruce and he nodded slowly. “I can’t keep hiding in fear... and you’re willing... I need to try.”
Tony’s jaw dropped as he watched the blonde with unblinking eyes. Did the list of the soldier's kinks never end?
“Tell me again...” Steve swallowed. “Tell me how you like the feeling of my throbbing cock against your thigh.”
Once again, thank you all so much and I hope you enjoyed this chapter!!
“Steve!” Clint followed the soldier off the elevator. “I want to help.”
Tony blinked. “Like what?”
Steve couldn't help himself; his curiosity outweighed the logical part of his brain. He had to see what these fanfictions were. He logged on to a fanfiction site, after a few minutes of searching he found the "Avengers" tag. He bit his lip as he clicked the link. In a flash all the fanfiction popped up. Steve's eyes widened when he saw HOW MANY fanfictions there were of himself and Tony. He expected one hundred or so, there were thousands. "Holy cow..."
Steve stepped out of the shower and looked at himself in the mirror. He grinned, remembering the naughty things he did with his own reflection. He wanted to stroke himself, but he decided against it. If he was going to do that, he wanted a captive audience. He hoped Tony and Bruce were both waiting out in the bedroom for him.
They sat still for a moment, Steve’s orgasms finally subsided and he was still rock hard.
Steve gasped when he felt a hand grab him by the hair and sharply tug him down onto the bed. It was a naked Tony, of course, being rough, exactly how Steve wanted it. “I’ve been waiting for this all day…” Tony growled as his hands made their way under Steve’s shirt, lifting it up and off that gorgeous body.
The super soldier held Tony’s face there, all the younger man could do was fuck Steve’s hole. The lewd sounds Steve was making were absolutely sinful. He thrust his ass back onto Tony’s tongue trying to take him deeper. Tony’s nose was squished against Steve’s ass so tight he thought it was going to break any second, not that he cared one bit at the moment. This was the first time Tony physically experienced Steve’s strength first hand, and damn if it didn’t turn him on. He kept fucking Steve with this talented tongue, loving the feeling of Steve’s velvety walls incasing it. Tony unconsciously wrapped his hand around his own dick and began to stroke it. Tony moaned loudly, sending a shiver down the soldier’s spine.
“Twenty six...”
In a state of complete overstimulation, Steve’s hands fell away from his chest, milk still flowing, cum still dripping.
Steve leaned forward and licked the underside of Tony’s cock, cleaning off his own cum. Tony shuttered; Steve was just so ridiculously sexy! Where was this Steve in the months that they’ve known each other!?
“Uhhh Clint,” Steve moaned, bucking his hips forward. Suddenly Steve was flipped around, his back hit against the door. He faced Clint with wide eyes, his chest heaving for air from the built up orgasm.
Finally the archer broke the silence. “So you’re horny! Don’t sweat it, Cap!” Clint reached out and slapped Steve on the shoulder. “It happens to everyone. Actually, it’s nice to know it happens to you. Not so pure are ya?” he grinned. Clint’s remark was playful but it made Steve’s cock twitch once more. “No,” Steve’s voice was low, shaking from holding himself back. “I’m not pure at all.”
Without warning a hand wrapped around Steve’s dick and he let out a choked sob in surprise. “Only half hard I see?” Tony slowly stroked up the shaft. “Even when it’s like this it’s still massive.”
“I don’t think I could… I mean, it’s Steve…” Bruce began to flush a little. Tony laughed, letting go of the scientist’s wrist. “Come on! When was the last time you even had sex?” Tony clapped Bruce on the shoulder. Bruce shifted, looking down at the floor. “Tony you know I can’t. Normal people won’t be able to handle-“
“Fuck my ass.” Absolute need dripped from Steve’s words.
There was a pause, like Clint was still processing that this really happened. Finally he grinned and broke the silence with a whistle and “Tony was right! You are a slut."
it.” Steve took another sip of his coffee. “But if you don’t want to be involved-“
Steve whined pathetically, his chest heaving from the overstimulation. “Tonyyy…” It was impossible for him to even think of the right words to say. Steve’s mind was blank and felt nothing but Tony’s hand on his stiffening cock.
Steve grit his teeth in shame. This was not the way he wanted Clint to find out. "Clint I-" Steve swallowed not looking up. “I’m just…” he couldn’t bring himself to say anything more. With all he has done in the past it’s still impossible to not be embarrassed by his own sex drive when he needs to explain it.
Bruce and Tony finally give Steve want he's been wanting.
Steve panted and shakily took a sip of his coffee before turning and gazing at Clint, who sat there, slack jawed. Steve gave a sheepish smile as he sat down across from Clint. “Mmm-“ he groaned softly and his body seized up, the dildo sinking all the way inside to the base.
••••••••••••••••••••
Tony smiled and nodded. “Yup! I just have something to speak to Rogers about, then I’ll be down.” Bruce nodded and left, closing the door behind him.
“Who said you could stop?” Tony’s voice was heard again. “Suck him off.”
“Ah- ah ahh- I-I’ll show them what a good slut I am for you.”
There was a short pause, nothing but Steve’s shaky panting could be heard.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mmmmm I feel your cum filling your pants, so wet on my thigh. You’re so big and hard for me.” Tony’s voice was breathy, lustful. “I can feel you throbbing against me when you cum. Fuck your cock is amazing." Tony moved his thigh up to press against Steve’s dick, giving him some much needed friction and pressure. Steve groaned spilling into his pants once more, his hips never slowing down. Steve was breathing fast and hard, with each exhale a small moan escaped from deep inside.
Bruce looked up from the monitor for a moment before looking back down. “Oh hi, Tony. You took a little longer than I thought so I got started. I hope that’s alright.”
As the cum flow began to subside and Steve’s body became lax once more Tony’s eyes almost teared up from what he saw. Steve’s cock was almost completely soft, the last drops of cum from orgasm slowly oozed from the tip. Steve’s breathing was ragged and uneven, so utterly spent and exhausted.
A third finger slid easily inside. He cried out as he came all over the tiled wall.
Steve’s whole body tensed, his eyes rolled back and he came, deep inside Tony.   Wave after wave of cum spilled inside, filling him up. Tony moaned, feeling the pulse of the huge cock inside him and the hot feeling of Steve’s cum flooding his insides.
Steve’s plea was cut short as he seized up, eyes blowing wide and clenching his teeth as the cock inside him suddenly swelled bigger. He watched with wide eyes as Bruce finally gave in and transformed, his body becoming massive, ripping his shirt like paper, his skin turning bright green. The Hulk's cock just kept growing thicker and longer, making Steve howl as he threw his had back, cumming all over himself.
Once Tony drew his attention away from Steve’s ass for a second he realized he was still painfully hard. He wanted to make Steve cum one more time before he came, he wanted to make this last as long as possible. The genius was curious to see how many times this genetically enhanced specimen could orgasm and how much semen he can produce each time… For science of course!
Steve walked into the bathroom, stripped, and then turned on the water. Closing his eyes he let the hot water run down his body. The blonde lathered the soap all over himself. He rubbed the shampoo into his hair and closed his eyes when he submerged his head in the water.
Steve groaned as he watched Bruce finally unzip his pants. Fuck yes. Finally this was happening. Bruce hadn’t even taken off his clothes, which Steve didn’t mind. When he was in the army some men just wanted a nice hole to fuck or a quick release between some beautiful cleavage, so there was no need for them to take off their uniforms.
“I uhh…” Steve flushed an even deeper shade of red. He couldn’t speak.
Tony finally let go once Steve’s body began to relax and turned off the water of the shower. He looked back at Steve, who was still braced against the wall, his entire body wet and glistening from the water.
Tony enjoyed watching the Captain’s cheeks jiggle, the way his hole clenched up from the sudden smack. Steve’s ass should be a crime. No one should be this perfect.
Steve is fucked awake.
Tony placed a hand on Steve’s knee and gently pushed Steve’s legs down so they dangled off the edge of the bed. “Mmm?” the soldier questioned, unable to say anything more at the moment. “Just relax and close your eyes.” Tony instructed.
Steve was a little confused, but he did as he was told. He slowly laid on the bed and Bruce sat on the bed next to him. The blonde slid his hand down his chest and abs till he finally reached his dick. “Wrap your hand around it, but ghost over the skin. Trust me.” Bruce smiled at Steve and he did as he was told.
By the time Tony finally got done with his work he wasn't sure what to expect. He thought Steve might take him up in his generous offer, but who was he kidding? The old fossil was probably too embarrassed, he kind of felt bad for him.
Tony slowly drew himself out and pulled up his pants. “You’re a great fuck toy Steve. But now there’s work to do.” Steve huffed in disapproval and reluctantly wiped himself off and pulled up his pants. The rigid outline of his cock was blatantly obvious. “Will I see you later?” Steve asked with hopeful eyes.
Steve moaned when he felt Clint's arms wrap around him, his strong chest pushing against his back. Clint’s hand traveled down to Steve’s painfully hard cock. All he did was run his fingers along the outline of Steve’s clothed erection and Steve was cumming hard. He gave choked sobs as Clint continued rubbing, enjoying how the soldier got weak in the  knees.
“Ahh- ahhh- ahhhhh…” Steve’s choked moans lessened as he came down from his high. He quickly became weak at the knees and he slowly sank to the floor, not caring that his chest and face dragged across the cum spattered mirror. His knees landed heavily on the floor and his torso and face rested against the glass. The soldier opened his mouth and let his cum that slowly slid down the mirror drip into his hungry maw.
Bruce took in a deep breath. Time to see what his own body could do.
Finally... FINALLY this is the chapter so many of you have been waiting for. I really hope you all enjoy it!! Thank you all for being so patient with me, I've been going through a really hard time this past year and seeing all the kudos, comments and bookmarks on my work has really helped me finally put this out there after so so long. Even if it takes me a long time to update, I'll never abandon this fic, I love it too much to stop, even if life knocks me around and gets in my way.
