Steve Rogers:
Clint looked at him, his eyes alight with curiosity. “Better days than your first day on Olympus?” he asked, intrigued. He twisted his arrow between his fingers in one hand, swinging his bow with the other.
“Thank you, Jarvis,” Tony cut him off, sending a glare upward. He didn’t need a reminder of that night thank you very much. He stood slowly from his workbench and stumbled to the stairs, the scotch taking its effect. He hadn’t meant to drink as much as he did, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He was going to win his Pepper back, and he had his liquid courage to thank for that. He made his way up the stairs as quickly as he could in his inebriated state, using the wall as both a balance and leverage to pull himself upwards.
Steve Rogers:
Tony Stark:
“Yes, there’s Steve,” Rhodey sighed, but he couldn’t keep the smile off his face entirely. “You guys and your plotting. You’re fucking perfect for each other.”
he pushed the suit, hoping that the thought alone was enough to propel him all the way to the volcano.
He had a couple of missed calls from Rhodey, who had eventually given up trying to call and left a text that said
Peter took closed his eyes tightly, and when he spoke again, there was no trace of the tremor it had held moments before. Instead, he spoke with a ferocity that Tony didn’t think him capable of. “My mom was killed in the streets, right in front of me. They didn’t even do it on purpose—I don’t know if that makes it better or worse. The Spartans were riding through the city, slinging swords, and one of them caught her across the chest on accident. And he
“I know. Tony, nothing's going to happen to us,” Rhodey repeated, frustrated. “Fury just
Without thinking about where he was going, Steve’s feet seemed to carry him to Athens on impulse. He traveled down the side of Mount Olympus with ease, and trekked through the wooded area surrounding the base of it. In nothing but his light tunic and sandals, he wasn’t dressed for a hike, but it didn’t really matter. Being an immortal deity meant being unaffected by things like weather and walking conditions. He could walk for days without breaking so much as a sweat, and he’d done it before. This was nothing new for him.
He sunk further into his bathwater, completely submerging his head as he tried to get rid of his thoughts of Tony Stark. He had already aggravated Fury on his first day on the Mountain, the last thing he needed was to break the only explicit rule that would be enforced.
Peter shifted closer to the work table, using both hands to pull up the metal arm, looking at it closely and tugging at a couple of  loose wires. Tony reached out involuntarily to stop him, still wary of any harm that the suit may cause the kid. But Peter looked at him, his face showing nothing but innocence and confusion, and Tony sat back, raising his hands in surrender.
Steve Rogers:
hi guys! it's been a long semester, but we're back! i've got time today babies let's have some greek mythology.
Hello! Here is the first official chapter! I meant to post sooner, but between work and school starting, it's been hard to really nail down a schedule. For now, post days are Wednesdays! Today I'm posting early because my class was canceled, but typically I will post around 3:00 CT. If that ever changes, I'll let everyone know on twitter, which is @tonyscaps, and you can follow me there if you feel like keeping up with my regular shit posting. I don't know what else to put here other than thank you so much for reading. That alone is enough to make my heart swell. And thank you for your comments! They encourage me more than you know. Leave some more, if you'd like! With that, welcome to the dysfunction that is the Olympians. Welcome to Pyra. And welcome back to Olympus.
Steve opened his mouth to argue, but Rhodey turned around, taking off into the gray skies before he could hear another word. Steve stood, staring after Rhodey, worrying for both of them. Rhodey, his only friend and ally on Olympus. Tony, his—his what exactly? His friend? What could he even call Tony? Someone who had tried to rescue him, despite Steve
Tony, finished with the legs of the suit that he had been working on, stood and moved to the other side of the worktable to put the armor’s torso back together.
over his muscles. It wasn’t until the phone buzzed again that he realized he’d gotten so caught up staring, he never responded to Steve’s message.
Tony’s eyes fluttered open for a brief moment before they were closed again, but it was enough for Rhodey to breathe a sigh of relief. He pulled Tony upright, but Tony was deadweight in his arms, and Rhodey struggled to get him to his feet. Tony mumbled incoherently as they stood, his legs slack beneath him. Rhodey draped Tony’s arms over his shoulder and drug him as carefully as he could, struggling up the side of the volcanic mountain.
, Rhodey. It flew
“Goddess of the hunt,” Steve finished for her. “I heard about you in Athens—protector of those who can’t protect themselves. The Athenians called on you while they were under attack.”
Tony’s head snapped back up in an instant, and suddenly, the only thought filling his mind was
His phone buzzed with a reply in less than a minute, and Tony’s heart could have leapt out of his chest.
Thor shushed Steve before he could say anything else, stepping closer and into his space. Thor’s tone was menacing as he spoke through clenched teeth, his voice low enough to avoid drawing attention to them, but loud enough to make sure that Steve understood. “You’re talking about an all out war. A war that would affect more than just us. Think of the city, of the Athenians. There would be chaos and disaster in every corner of the earth. Fury would make sure of it.”
this?” he mused  aloud, his voice barely above a whisper yet filled with awe. Tony pretended not to hear him and he schooled his face into a neutral expression. He was proud of his suit; it was his best yet. To have someone recognize the magnitude of his work gave made him a sense of fulfillment that he never knew he needed.
Steve shifted on his feet, unsure of what to say next. He didn’t agree with Natasha—that once Fury made up his mind, no one could fight back. They
hehe welcome back to olympus. i know it's been an unforgivable amount of time, and i apologize for that, but this chapter is what i consider to be the best thing i've ever written. please please enjoy it. i enjoyed writing it.
Fury sat forward on his throne, no longer in the relaxed position that he’d begun the conversation in. “You’re telling me,” he huffed, “that the god of the forge, fire, and
Rhodey narrowed his eyes at Tony. “He shouldn’t even be able to get
“No, Tony, that’s not—”
“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?
A slideshow of pictures projects onto the empty wall across from them, starting from Peter’s birth and slowly moving year by year. Steve can’t help the tears that form as he watches the little boy,
Steve’s dragon companion is the largest Tony’s ever seen up close. Sure, he’d heard stories from Howard and Aunt Peggy about her size, but it was nothing compared to actually seeing Ata with his own eyes for the first time, hovering alongside the helicarrier. She’s large enough that he thinks even the Hulk could ride her without issue to dragon or rider. And she captivates Tony from the very first moment.
“You’re sure? I don’t want to get in the way—”
“I-I don’t… I don’t understand.”
“Months!”
The very same alpha standing across from him in full military dress, hands in his pockets, shifting nervously.
“Steve?”
“Nope! No, I’m good, thank you Darcy. But you know how I feel about the military. Bunch of puffed up alpha assholes with an overinflated sense of importance.” Obviously his assistant didn’t know the full story behind Tony’s disdain for anyone in a uniform that wasn’t Rhodey, but she understood nonetheless.
“Steve. I’m in love with you too.”
He clears his throat, gathering his courage to actually look his assistant in the eyes. “It’s him. The-the guy. The liaison, it’s…
“JARVIS, snap a picture of that, please.”
The other occupant of the room turns around, and it feels like time stops. Between one breath and the next, Tony’s twenty years old again, a positive pregnancy test in his pocket and excitement to share the news with his alpha swelling in his chest. Excitement that dies a swift and fiery death just minutes later when the alpha breaks his heart and walks out the door.
Across from him, Steve slumps in his chair, his gaze going far away. But after a minute or two, he seems to shake himself and he shifts forward, blue eyes locking on to Tony’s. “If I had known, I never would have let you go through all of that on your own, you have to believe me. I… why didn’t you ever say anything?”
Ata huffs, flicking her eyes over at Steve before settling back on Tony. “That’s because I’ve been watching you put yourself in dangerous situations for over seventy years. The novelty’s worn off.”
Darcy still plans to threaten the good captain, viciously, with her sharpest pair of stilettos. But her love for Tony goes far beyond the care of an employee for her boss. Tony is the older brother she never had, and his happiness—and Peter’s— means more to her than the joy she derives from threatening alphas bigger than her and watching them cower.
thought that. You were everything I wanted and—”
Tony doesn’t respond at first, too busy reading and rereading the rep’s note.
Darcy follows him back into the tower, pulling open his schedule on her tablet as they walk to the elevator. “You have three meetings before lunch. R & D requested you for a demo at 2:30. Tonight is your monthly visit to Maria Stark House, Colonel Rhodes is meeting you there at six to help serve dinner.”
He looks up at Steve, and lets his hands come up to twist in the material of the alpha’s  starched green jacket. “I don’t wanna do this without you, Steve. I’ve done it alone for fifteen years and I can’t anymore. Not if there’s an option to do it as a team. It’s gonna take work, and you have to give me time to trust you again. I want to, but you have to show me that you won’t hurt me again, Steve.”
“Peter? Your son, Peter? What does he have to do with—”
Steve sighs, pulling the omega tighter against his chest until his scent starts to soften into something less harsh. “I couldn’t. The idea that I needed to be a better alpha for you was so deep into my brain that I couldn’t shake it. I had to keep pushing, keep working towards higher ranks until I felt worthy. And… part of me thought I would never reach it, not after the way I’d treated you.”
“How do you feel, Steve?”
Steve’s declaration is so serious, so clearly heartfelt and earnest, there’s nothing stopping Tony from melting completely. He surges forward, capturing Steve’s lips in a kiss that’s fifteen years overdue. The alpha startles and freezes in shock, but he returns the kiss before Tony has even a fraction of a chance to second guess it.
“There’s no game Tony, I wouldn’t—”
It’s Ata’s massive head.
“Tony, I have no idea what you’re talking about. Why would I be interested in your son?”
Darcy finds him twenty minutes later in the hidden corner of his workshop that only a select few people have access to. He hears the click of her heels first, before she comes around the corner and inputs her code. The glass doors to the restricted area slide open, and she spots Tony easily where he’s sitting on the floor with his back against the wall, knees tucked up to his chest. She crouches until they’re eye to eye. He’ll never figure out how she manages to execute a perfect squat in those heels.
“I’m well aware of your feelings, Tony. But if you want to continue providing tech and armor and medical supplies to the military, then we need a liaison. Just go in, get to know the guy a little, and then I’ll swoop in and save you and send him on his way. Okay?”
It takes the younger woman a few minutes to compose herself, but eventually her scent shifts from furious to simple anger. She takes a breath, and then hands Tony the tablet. It’s open to the file on Steve they’d received from the army rep that had arranged the appointment to SI military liaison. He browses it, but nothing that could explain her anger pops out. When he looks back up at her, confused, she taps on a note at the bottom.
“Of course he’s yours. I haven’t, um… I haven’t been with anyone else since… well, you. Raising Pete on my own was a full time job, I didn’t really have time for dating. He’s not really a secret, so I just assumed you knew he was yours.”
Tony drops his head against his knees, trying to hide the way tears have started to gather in his eyes at just the mention of Steve. But he knows Darcy’s not going to let it go, and no one else sees through his lies and misdirects the way she does. So he tries to form some kind of coherent response, but all that comes out is, “Peter’s father.”
“Can I… Peter. Can I meet him? You don’t have to tell him who I am right away, I just… I want to get to know him if I can.”
Steve freezes, then sits down in one of the plush chairs across from Tony’s desk like he’s a marionette who’s just had all of his strings cut. He’s paler than normal, making his bright blue eyes stand out. “He’s…
Everywhere he goes, if Ata is in the room, he feels her eyes tracking him. Whether Steve is paying him any attention or not, Ata is. And she’s starting to touch him, something she’s never done before. She bumps him with her head, pokes him with the tip of her massive tail, teasingly blows great puffs of warm air at him. It’s bizarre, and not the least bit unwelcome. But it’s also throwing Tony for a loop, and he doesn’t dare let his brain speculate what it could possibly mean.
Ata’s scales are a shifting mix of blue and silver, making her appear almost iridescent in the first rays of sunlight as she paces over Steve on his morning runs. Every morning, Tony watches for her return from the comfort and relative anonymity of the tower’s penthouse, Amalthea pouting from the floor next to him with her face pressed against the glass because she can’t pick out their favorite blonde among the congested crowd on the sidewalk. It’s a sight that fills him with awe, and a longing that builds to a near desperation before it finally breaks.
“Of course, Miss Lewis. My mistake. What’s on my agenda for this morning?”
The glint of the sun off the shield and Ata’s scales blinds him for a split second, but it’s enough time for him to take a hard hit straight to the arc reactor from one of the creature’s weapons. There’s a spark and a shock that feels like fire through his veins, and then the whole suit goes dark. He calls frantically for JARVIS, but there’s no response. The suit is dead weight, and Tony’s stomach swoops as he feels himself drop out of the sky like a stone.
Sorry if people don't agree with Pepper's behavior or thinks it's OOC. She doesn't always react well to Tony's shenanigans and I figure getting arrested for murder is probably one of the worst things he could do. I also got the impression in IM:3 that Happy had a closer working relationship with her than Tony at the time, being more in charge of security at SI than anything. Also, given the fact that in IM: 2 he sided with Pepper, prompting Tony to joke that he "lost both kids in the divorce," I have a feeling Happy would take her side in this scenario, as well.
Steve turned to Tony and Bruce and gave them a nod. He leaned down to give Tony a chaste kiss and whisper in his ear, “don’t stress them out too much, SHIELD doesn’t have enough psychologists on hand to deal with every agent who comes across Hurricane Stark.”
“Tony, just hang in there, Sweetheart. Please stay awake for me, just a little while longer. TONY!”
Tony getting sick a few nights ago was distressing enough, but he was also starting to see signs of sleep deprivation and Steve was starting to worry that his nightmares had come back. It felt like taking a few steps backwards in their relationship by Tony not wanting to talk about it. It had taken awhile when they first starting sharing a bed to get Tony to open up about what the nightmares were about so Steve could help him come down from them, but eventually he had and now didn’t seem to hesitate at all when he needed Steve’s comfort. Now it was like they were back to square one.
The call disconnected and the penthouse fell into silence.
Steve turned to Tony with a questioning look in his eye and Tony turned away. “You wanted to take me for questioning, I presume?” He cleared his throat. “Well, let’s go.”
“Fury called it- once a man-whore, always a man-whore.”
Fury didn’t let him finish. “I was also contacted by her father after she joined us. He figured that after your ‘I am Iron Man’ speech that we’d be working with you. He didn’t like the idea of his daughter working with a notorious man-whore, so I promised him that I’d make sure you never crossed paths.”
His hand flopped back to the floor and he turned his gaze to the ceiling. “You’re fucking kidding me. Is this before or after he used the code to turn my suits into pretty statues?”
Sorry for my SUPER LONG HIATUS. I lost my motivation and got distracted by other projects. I feel the urge to write again and I actually made up a timeline and rough- very rough- draft of how I want this story to go.
Before Agent Serafin had a chance to fire off the tirade she obviously was eager let loose, Coulson spoke up and said, “I’m assuming you want to take the recovered tech with you back to New York. Agent Serafin is the head of our science division and the lead scientist assigned to the project. She hesitant to let it leave since she’s put months of work into it. However, I am inclined to let you have it given the nature of the findings.”
“Tony, please, oh God, please… I’m so sorry. I’m so so sorry, Sweetheart. Please, stay with me…”
“God damn-.”
He talked to Steve about an hour ago when he came down to let him know that dinner would be ready around 6:30 with a strongly worded suggestion that he actually leave his lab to come up and join everyone else. Apparently his fiancé was tired of him playing hermit crab. Tony just wanted to wrap up the project and get the offending scientist out of his home so everything could go back to normal. They were almost done; they’d gleaned most of what they could from the tech without subjecting some poor soul to any testing of the devices but Tony still wanted to study the alien signal transponders first. He suspected that if he could apply the technology to the Avengers and SHIELD’s comm units, they’d get much better signal strength if teammates were ever separated by long distances, mountainous terrain, or stronger metals. He had a theory that it may even pass through vibranium and he was already planning a way to test it using Steve’s shield. Coming up for dinner would push that back, but he promised Steve he’d be up. Between Tony’s avoidance techniques, which he’s heard were unnecessary since the SHIELD scientist didn’t go anywhere except Bruce’s lab, and the long hours logged in his own lab, they haven’t had much time together since Dr. Serafin arrived. Except the occasional shared meal that Steve would bring down to make sure he didn’t starve, the only time Tony even saw him was during the few moments he was awake after trudging upstairs after 1am each evening to collapse into their bed.
“Did you ever cheat on me?”
Natasha spoke up then. “He was lying, Bruce. Trust me, I know how to read people. That’s kind of my job.”
Tony continued whispering, “Not necessary, J. Probably just the spaghetti not sitting right with me. Do I have a fever?”
One word was all it took. With just his name being said, Tony could hear the anger and disappointment leaching through across the distance between them.
JARVIS paused as though he would sigh if he had the ability to do so. “As you wish, Sir.”
“It appears it was Director Coulson who revoked your access. Dr. Banner will be allowed in but you do not have clearance.”
“JARVIS, play it again,” Tony said, slightly muffled with his face against his fiancé’s chest. His fiancé- wow, despite being engaged for 5 months already, Tony still felt like he needed to pinch himself every time he thought of the title and the amazing, sweet, charming, funny, HOT, sarcastic little shit of a super soldier that held it. In just one more month, he’d be his husband. He felt before he heard the rumble of laughter coming from the well-defined chest.
Steve smiled and kissed the top of his head. It wasn’t unusual at all for him to bring something down for Tony at meal times when he was in the throes of the creating the future. The confusion come from being so deep in his genius mind that he’s lost all track of time and space around him. It’s such a common occurrence for Tony to retreat to his lab, disappear for several days at a time and then resurface having no idea what day of the week it is, that he’s taken to only trusting Steve or JARVIS to tell him the correct date after several instances of Clint and Natasha messing with him.
Steve slowly made his way over to Tony, not standing up to his full height so as not to panic him again, and wrapped the towel around his quaking lover. “Can I touch you?”
“Steve, take him and go. You may not want to watch the movie, but we do; if your boyfriend keeps whining, Clint’s liable to throw a tranq dart at his neck,” Natasha said, not looking away from the screen.
“We’re here to solve a murder of an agent regardless of who is the suspect-“
Tony learns the scope of Steve's betrayal and Steve makes his position known to Director Coulson
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
This. This right here was why he loved him. Forever and Always.
“JARVIS!?” His breathing hitched again but then he remembered. Breathing. He’d been mad at JARVIS…
Tony, still shocked at everyone’s reaction and not fully comprehending that his team had turned on him, muttered out, “Cut myself on the cot in my cell last night. Must’ve had some sharp edges.”
“-Serafin.”
A lil bit of humor mixed in with the angst. If you don't get the "does the carpet match the drapes" reference, ask a responsible adult ;)
Tony took off his sunglasses. Yes, he was wearing them indoors and they probably didn’t help with his perception of the place but they came in handy at times like this when he needed to whisk them off in dramatic fashion to intimidate those who stood in his way. Usually it worked. Unfortunately, any balking that the agent might have made was negated by the presence of the Director himself as he stepped around the corner about 10 feet behind them in a hurried, yet calm and collected manner that only Coulson could pull off.
then the buzzing in his ears receded to dull hum that he eventually noticed was actually the heating/cooling system. Finally, he was able to rub his fingertips together to stop the tingling that had begun around the time he realized Rhodey thought he was adulterer. Glancing at his left hand because he didn’t want to see if he was bleeding on the right, he took note of the red and white spottiness of his skin and wondered if that was normal. Eventually his eyes focused on the black bag that had landed a few inches out of his reach- his shaving kit. Still not moving from his position on the floor, he quietly called out, “JARVIS?”
“Fuck you.”
“Whatever.” Tony turned back to the schematics on the screen, an obvious dismissal, and pointedly ignoring the coffee that still sat steaming a few inches away.
The body won out. “I’ll be in the lab.” Tony turned the knob, stepped through the doorway and didn’t look back.
Takes place about a week before the events of Chapter 1 and incorporates the heart-breaking flashback Tony had.
“Ugh, knock on wood. Seriously, Stark, don’t jinx it. Given your dad’s propensity for making enemies- which YOU seem to have inherited- the odds are actually pretty damn high. Anyway, you’re getting a honeymoon in Paris next month, quit your bitching,” Clint felt the need to add.
“Huh?”
Steve chuckled and pulled Tony closer with a palm on his ass, delivering a thorough kiss as well.
They followed the Director inside, who took his seat behind his large desk and gestured to the spot near the window where she standing with her hands on her hips. “Captain Rogers, Dr. Banner, Mr. Stark- this is Agent Angela Serafin. You two met her earlier but we didn’t get a chance to properly introduce you.”
As he leaned his hip against the sink, he wrung out the cloth and started to dab at the gash on his arm, cleaning up the blood. He looked back up at JARVIS camera. “I honestly don’t know what’s going on. How Angela died or what’s happening to me. What the nightmares mean. But I have a feeling that you and I together have a much better chance at figuring it out then Coulson and his lackeys. What do you say you and I do a little bit of investigating on our own?”
Steve nodded and stepped out, leaving the Director to his duty.
He huffed an empty laughed. “So what else is new? Just tell me and get it over with.”
I promise you guys, we're getting close to the good stuff. I'm a stickler for details and setting the scene. I know I've already said it before, but honest, I'm pretty sure things are going to be going south for our merry band of superheroes in the next 1 to 2 chapters. I'm gonna aim for the next chapter, but this story is taking on a life of it's own.
Tony winced as he slathered soap over the cut then rinsed it. He checked for blistering on his palms, but the skin didn’t appear to be bubbled or broken. “You’re no help.” He grabbed a nearby towel that he knew was clean and wrapped his forearm, trying to stop the blood flow.
“I am according to most of the world’s population, and yeah, I get it, I earned that reputation. But you think I’m a cheater. That I’d cheat on Steve. That if I cheated on Steve, then I MUST have cheated on Pepper. THAT’S what you’re angry about.”
“Unmute! JARVIS!?”
For Tony it felt like hours, but JARVIS would report it was approximately 17 minutes that he spent on the floor before his senses started to return to him. First the dark spots faded from his vision
“I know, I’ve seen you do it before and I also know Natasha and Clint gave you pointers as to what to look for. I wasn’t worried.” Steve smiled at him, and shifted the hand holding his to bring it up to his lips. “HOWEVER…” He was still holding Tony’s hand a few inches from his mouth, which had turned down into a frown, as though to prevent him from trying to escape. “Coulson was NOT happy about you blabbing about Fury’s non-deceased status in front of other people. It isn’t as well-known amongst SHIELD as you think. They’re still keeping things that classified close to their chests before they know for certain that no more HYDRA rats are on premises. He reamed me a new one when Bruce and Hill were loading.”
“Rogers,” he croaked. God, he could hear his own voice in the speaker and he sounded horrible. He cleared his throat and said again, “Rogers here."
“You didn’t dictate and I didn’t want to assume.” The AI paused. “Which floor would you like me to take you to, Captain Rogers?”
Tony growled low in his throat and at this point, fearing an altercation, Coulson and Bruce both stood up and got between the two scientists. Coulson stood in front of Agent Serafin while Bruce got in front of Tony, both trying to calm them down. Steve stood behind Tony, holding him back. Bruce and Steve didn’t honestly expect Tony to try to go after the woman, but they felt that breaking eye contact between the two was the best way to de-escalate the situation.
(See the end of the chapter for
“As team leader, I got it. That sounds like a huge security risk. If anyone ever got their hands on that code and used it against Tony in a battle, he could get killed!”
“Tony, wake up, Sweetheart, we’re home.”
---------------
Tony had no idea how long he stood at the sink, staring at the white tile between the medicine cabinet and counter top. His mind was blank, which was a feat in and of itself. An outside observer would probably diagnose it as shock, but that concept was lost on him as numbness settled into his body.
An hour after she’d returned from her lunch, Angela felt the phone in her pocket vibrate and she fished it out to take a look at the waiting message.
Coulson leveled a controlled, blank stare at him.
The room stood still until Steve said, “I feel sorry for you.” He didn’t sound apologetic, only hollow. “The only one you hurt worse than everyone around you is yourself. If you couldn’t change for me- someone who loved you more than their own life- you’ll never be good enough for anyone. Yinsen was right,” a sharp intake of breath from Tony and Bruce, the only other person in the room beside Steve whom Tony had confided in about his time in Afghanistan, “you’re the man who has everything and yet nothing. That’s all you’ll ever be. I don’t know why I wasted my time.”
“All other access points into the workshop have been shut down, but you can still access it through the in-between. The shut-down protocol behaves in such a way that there is access to get out- which is why you were able to leave- but access to enter is denied. However, you left the door open, which is an amazing stroke of luck since, again, I was muted and could not warn you. The door located in the closet runs on a separate security protocol since it doubles as a panic room, so even though you shut it, you can still get in. You can still access the area, Sir.”
Steve finally turned to look at him with a grimace on his face. “I kind of forgot to tell you…”
“... fly faster Clint...”
Steve sat up and swung his legs off the side of the bed. “Isn’t that a conflict of interest? Your primary suspect owns the tower.” He couldn’t bear to say his name.
“I’m NOT working with her, Steve. I’m not SUPPOSED to be working with her, or did you miss the lovely phone call with Fury?”
“My apologies for Agent Serafin, she’s somewhat protective of her work. I’m sure you can empathize,” Coulson stated, forcing Tony’s attention on him.
Agent Hill realized he wasn’t going to react, so she pressed on. “So, if it was all just an innocent conversation over coffee, why the secrecy?”
“JARVIS?” Tony instantly went on high alert. “J?”
“Excuse me? I was asked to help with this project by Director Coulson.”
“Are you sure I should touch him?”
Sorry my posting schedule is so erratic. There's no rhyme or reason to it, I just need to get this story out of my head before it burns my brain.
Bruce finally looked up in reaction to Natasha’s move against Tony, though the others didn’t even twitch. His eyes glanced at the bandage that had previously been hidden by the shirt Natasha still clutched in her grasp. “What happened to your chest?”
“You Midgardians certainly do have interesting physiology. I never would’ve known that you require digital stimulation to pass gas.” Thor took a bite of his poptarts, still not quite getting the joke. Thor was an intelligent guy- but there were still some Midgard-isms he hasn’t quite picked up on and Tony loved taking advantage of that. Fortunately, the Asgardian God had a good sense of humor.
“Trust me, Stark, the last thing I am is confused right now. I can probably say that I’m seeing clearly now for the first time since you showed up in my hospital room with my shield after fishing it out of the Potomac. I’m not going to let your lies cloud my judgment anymore.” Steve reached for his left hand with his right and Tony’s heart stopped beating entirely.
At this point, everyone looked confused.
“Were not on comms!”
With the finished sandwiches in hand, Steve made his way back up to Tony’s lab, hoping he’d be able to coerce his fiancé to eat. Last he’d seen him, Tony had boxed up the collars and had already started dismantling the remote that controlled them. He had to have been starving by now, but Steve knew how hard it could be to get the genius to come up for air when he was engrossed in an exciting project and alien tech was about as exciting as it could get.
Coulson narrowed his eyes. “The evening wasn’t anticlimactic for Agent-“
“Figured you’d need it,” he bent down to give the brunette a thorough kiss, “since JARVIS told me you barely got any sleep last night.”
As he saw his love approach the driver side of the vehicle, Tony readied himself for THE TALK.
Tony gulped. He knew he’d regret deleting the messages. “I deleted them, wiped them from the server. I didn’t want Steve to find out before I was ready to tell him about meeting her. If you doubt my story so much, check HER phone.”
“Hopefully it’s enough to keep anymore drama from coming about.”
“You two ready to head out? It’s getting late- as it is, we won’t be getting back until almost 10pm,” Steve said, as he bent down to give Tony a quick kiss on the crown of his head. Tony sat in one of the rolling chairs at the cluttered workstation, using a magnifying glass to inspect the human/Chitauri hybrid circuitry. He left the handling of the small screwdrivers to dismantle the tech to Bruce since he still had a slight tremor that he was trying to hide after his earlier anxiety flare up.
The room was silent enough that you could hear a pin drop. Steve saw the moment the anger flashed in his lover’s eyes and reached over to put a calming hand on his shoulder, but Tony violently shrugged it off and stood up to approach the phone on the desk, his body shaking with unbridled fury. “Oh, FUCK. YOU. NICK.”
“- well, it worked. Thanks, J. Let’s just, ya know, NOT add that to our usual routine, ok?”
“Only minor injuries on our end- the bunker wasn’t very heavily staffed or outfitted. They didn’t seem to be expecting us,” Coulson replied with an appreciative smile. Though, given his fanboy mentality when it came to Captain America, Tony was pretty sure that Steve could’ve called the man’s grandma a filthy whore and Coulson would still smile and thank him for his opinion. Tony thought it was hilarious. “We also managed a data dump and found a few more locations of interest, some may even be worthy of the Avengers themselves checking out. Based on some files that we’ve managed to decrypt from this location and some corroborating evidence that you uncovered during your last raid in Bucharest, they may lead us to the scepter.”
As she closed the fridge, her gaze fell on two pictures that were stuck to the door with magnets. The first one was a picture of Tony and Steve. Steve was looking off the side, laughing at something that the camera didn’t capture. Tony was laughing too, but it wasn’t at whatever the super soldier was. Instead his intense chocolate eyes were glued to Steve’s face, the love in his gaze obvious to anyone looking at the picture.
Bruce snorted. “I’m not touching that with a ten foot pole.”
Tony felt his heart rate quicken and a broke out into a cold sweat, and couldn’t understand why he had such a visceral reaction to her. Less than 5 seconds in her presence and he felt the beginnings of an anxiety attack.
Steve felt his blood boil. "You mean, Fury threatened to kick him off the Avengers. Why wasn't I made aware of this code until now?"
She crossed her arms. “Well then, why don’t we start off with the elephant in the room and ask you what the hell you were doing with Agent Serafin in her motel room?”
“Oops.”
“No, that’s the tea. I need to let it cool a few more minutes.”
Tony hears a shuffle and a huff. He can imagine Rhodey perfectly, holding the phone to his ear with one hand while he runs the other over the super short military buzz cut on his head, looking down with hunched shoulders to protect some semblance of privacy on a military base. “Careful what you say and who you say it around, Platypus. Next you’ll be the one making Pepper cry as she has to deal with the breaking news coming from a very reliable source.”
“Protocol 12161991 activated,” JARVIS replied, his voice almost sounding pained.
Coulson looked to the other three in the room and saw their agreement with Tony on their faces. He sighed- again. He does that quite a bit when dealing with this lot. He picked up the phone and dialed a number from memory, then pushed the speakerphone button so they could all hear. As he dialed, he looked to Agent Serafin and said, “Not a word.”
Clint, who was perched on his usual spot on the counter top next to the sink and still glaring, this time directly at Tony, growled out, “How do you THINK he is?”
“No, Sir. They had been sparring earlier, but now they are simply talking.”
“Oh, puh-lease. It’s no secret in SHIELD that he’s still alive now that HYDRA has been weeded out- the farce is mostly still going to keep anyone who hasn’t been outed in Washington from finding out- and it’s no secret amongst us that you’re still in contact with him. Call him.”
Coulson politely ignored the scratchiness of Steve’s voice.
Before the others could react, the elevator doors opened to reveal Coulson, Hill and the four unnamed SHIELD agents, who made their immediate way towards the communal kitchen. Any Avenger who had currently been sitting was now on their feet.
“Don’t worry about that, Steve. It’s an empty threat. Pulling a prank in the morning would require Tony to ACTUALLY be awake in the morning.”
Tony knew it was rhetorical question and kept his mouth shut.
When the room was empty, Coulson’s hand guided Steve to a chair around the conference table in the room that would be their main work station- where they’ll be building the case against Tony. He felt sick to his stomach.
“Who is it, J?” Tony asked, moving further away from Steve.
I had to change the rating of this story just because of the sex scene in this (much longer) chapter. I hope that doesn't put people off. Yes, there is some more smut, but it's smut gone sideways.
Bruce slammed his hands down all the table, bringing all eyes on him. “SERIOUSLY!?”
Tony gets emotional whiplash.
As he exited the elevator and turned the corner to enter, he saw four pairs of eyes come up to meet his and then promptly turn away. Natasha scowled, Clint outright glared at an opposing wall, Thor wore a thoroughly disapproving frown and Bruce diverted all his attention to the orange he was peeling as though it held the secrets of the universe.
“How is he JARVIS?”
He felt his elbow connect with something warm and solid- his attacker. Feeling the weight move off of him, but still restrained by sheets holding him down, he continued to twist around until they loosened and then bolted off the bed.
“It is Mr. Barton, Sir. He is screaming something about not breaking anymore promises to Captain Rogers-“ Steve noticed Tony pale, even though it hadn’t seemed that there was any more color left for him to lose, “-and demands that you hold up your end of the deal to join them for breakfast. And then lunch. And then dinner.”
Tony snorts and shakes his head, “how do you know that? I’m the merchant of death, after all.”
“Ooooo, Andorra, that’s not too far from Monaco. Dibs on checking that location, the Gran Prix is coming up,” Tony brightened.
----------
As they continued eating their lunch in companionable silence, Tony slowly grew more somber. Despite the fact that everything seemed to be going smoothly, he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was very, very wrong.
I'm SO HAPPY to have this chapter off my chest. It's one of the first scenes I'd imagined when this story first started flitting around my brain a couple of months ago and I'm hoping that writing it will purge it. There are more scenes coming up that I can't wait to write, so stay tuned!
“You’re under arrest-”
Bruce had ended up actually spending more time in his lab with the SHIELD scientist than in Tony’s simply because there was more room to work. Tony’s lab on its best days could best be described as organized chaos, but with all the Chitauri tech beside his personal, Avenger, SHIELD, and SI projects cluttering the worktables it was even worse than usual. As frustrating as it was for Bruce, it was even more stressful for Tony who kept freaking out every time something was moved. That’s why the chaos was described as “organized”- despite all of the things being everywhere, it made sense to Tony and he actually knew exactly where everything was. “I have a system, Bruce!” he’d exclaimed after Bruce had once again complained loudly about not being able to find what he needed and demanding to know how Tony could stand to work like this. So, in truth, both of them had been happy when he returned to his own lab after only a few hours on the first day, before his frustration led to an accidental Hulk-Out.
----------
“Ah, Captain Rogers, I’ve been expecting you. I have the recovered terrain and populace maps already set out for you, I’ll be happy to show you what we have.”
Director Coulson hung up the phone and Steve Rogers hung his head.
Lately, he hadn’t resorted to the pills- in fact, he couldn’t remember the last time he’d opened the bottle.
----------
“Tony hated Dr. Serafin. You didn’t see his reaction to the coffee she bought him. His sputtering was almost comical and he was furious that I’d accepted the tea so easily. How could he go from that to supposedly sleeping with her in less than 12 hours?” Bruce continued as though Clint hadn’t spoken.
Tony faces a new nightmare- this time knowing that he is utterly and definitely alone.
“What do you mean?”
----------
“Steve, please-“
Tony cut her off. “When?”
Tony licked his dry lips. They felt cold. If he could see himself in the mirror, he’d bet he was white as a sheet. “I- what? I fainted? That’s something I do?” Howard would be appalled.
Tony’s heart stuttered to a stop and he felt his stomach drop.
“Keeping our distance should help. Someone should kindly suggest to her going out of the building for lunches.”
“Which is exactly why I’m going to cooperate. This is just a misunderstanding. I’ll let them collect the evidence they need and it’ll speak for itself.” Tony was feeling a lot less confident than his words conveyed, but he tried not to show it. “Let them do their job. It’s alright.”
So, I am SUUUUUUUPER sorry about not updating in forever. As a fellow fanfiction reader I know how annoying that is and I really apologize. I can't even call it writer's block- I was doubting some parts of my story. Wondering if they were needed and how crucial I should make them to the story line. Also, real life happened and I was struggling with some stuff. So I apologize. I'll try to update regularly. I'll only be able to update on the weekends since my job is very demanding, but I'll try my best to get something up at least every 1-2 weeks. That being said, there shouldn't be any triggering content in this chapter. Enjoy!
“You need all the practice you can get in that department, Shellhead. You’re about as stealthy as Liberace at an Amish funeral,” Nat delivered deadpan. Clint laughed and she used his moment of distraction to swoop in and grab the bacon, too fast for mortal eyes to track. Clint continued his end of the staring contest, not even realizing it had ended until a moment later when she arched an eyebrow and brought the bacon to her lips. As his face registered his disappointment, one side her mouth curved up into a smirk.
“Jesus, Tones, answer your phone already. I speak fluent Phil and that sounds like he’s pissed about something,” Clint said.
“Seriously, are your design guys color-blind- why is everything here greyscale? You need more hotrod red in here. If it’ll make you feel more badass, you can call it ‘blood red.’ Freak your enemies out when you bring them in for interrogation, make ‘em think you’ll paint the walls with their innards if they don’t cooperate.” Tony was pretty sure he heard a snort of suppressed laughter from Bruce as he trailed behind him. Bruce was never the one at the head of the pack, always happy to bring up the rear and deflect attention from himself by hiding behind those in front and not even letting anyone know he was there. Tony didn’t mind because that left Bruce free to observe and form an opinion, which Tony held a very high regard of. It was also hilarious to see their enemies startle when Hulk leapt up from the back to defend his friends and comrades. Highlight of the fight.
“No, she’s not staying here. She’s staying in a motel.”
“Aye.” The twang of reverberating metal sang through the air as Mjolnir came to his hand. “But you are not me.”
I tried to draw on my own experiences from fainting spells- the weird spottiness on my hands actually happens and I have no idea why- though every time I've had an instance it was due to medical reasons (heart condition, illness) not emotional distress so hopefully I conveyed it well enough.
----------
As she turned to leave, she caught a glint of gold out of the corner of the eye. Tony’s ring. It was still sitting on the table where he had left it. She pocketed the jewelry and left to go to her own room, her mind in chaos as she tried to make sense of what their lives had turned into in such a short period of time.
“Tony, wait, please. Talk to me.”  By this time, Steve had managed to make it off the bed but he still hesitated. When Tony halted with his hand on the door knob, Steve approached slowly like he would a skittish rabbit. “Please. Something is bothering you and I want to help you. I love you, Tony. Whatever it is, we’ll deal with it together. Don’t shut me out.”
“The evidence is damning. I’m not gonna lie, it looks really bad.” Coulson could tell that he was in danger of angering the very man who had the authority to throw them out, regardless of whether or not interfering with an investigation would look bad on the Avengers. “Look, Steve, I-.”
“But-."
The smile returned in full force. “I’m not as alone as I thought I was, am I?”
“What you ‘just did’ was defend yourself. And you were right in doing so,” Clint said as he put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Natasha nodded and rubbed circles into his back.
The joke fell flat. Steve was pretty sure that if there were crickets in the garage, their legs would start chirping.
Steve opened the door and climbed inside, buckling his seat belt. He gave a long, loving look at Tony, who braced himself. Steve turned his attention to shifting the huge SUV into drive and focused on pulling out of the underground SHIELD compound and safely onto the mostly deserted highway. Finally able to allow himself the slight distraction of the man beside him, Steve smiled at Tony and simply held out his hand, who gratefully took it into his own. As he felt his lover calmly rub his palm with his thumb and toy with the ring that Tony wore on his own left hand, he melted into the seat, relaxing for the first time since the set of stupid double doors blinked the little red light. The tremors ceased, his shoulders drooped, and his eyes drifted shut of their own. Yes, the talk was still going to happen but it was no longer THE TALK and Steve would wait to have until Tony was ready.
As he turned the ring in his hand, inspecting it, his eyes lit upon the inscription that he had engraved on the inside- “Always and Forever.” His mind played back the memory of the two weeks he had slaved over it after spending the previous month combing every jewelry store in the state before expanding his search beyond New York. He worked with every jeweler he respected, even one from France, going over plans for a custom built piece but never feeling like anything they could make would be perfect for Steve. He’d finally settled on making his own, incorporating important aspects of both of their lives. Vibranium for the band, indestructible. Not only was it symbolic but it was also a handy spec to have in their line of work. The pieces of the shrapnel from Tony’s chest- a literal part of his heart. That part had taken the longest- polishing and shaping them so they’d be visually appealing before affixing them to the band. And finally the blue stones- a rare diamond that Tony had struggled to acquire- that perfectly matched Steve’s baby blues and the glow from the arc reactor that had once kept him alive but still powered his suits.
“Stuff. And things.”
Tony heard Coulson give a slight cough but he didn’t look at him and instead let his gaze stay on the scientist as she walked the rest of the hallway and turned the corner. Even after she was out of eyesight, he kept staring in the direction that she had departed.
“Tony.”
Tony snorted, rubbing his tired face with his hand, and Steve shook his head. You could always count on Clint to add some levity to a heavy situation, even unknowingly.
Tony started to feel the pull of unconsciousness again. No! “JARVIS! Don’t let me sleep, don’t let me-.”
“I’ve had two hours to stew in my withdrawal symptoms. The world could be ending and my primary focus would be coffee. Ever see
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Fuck. That. We drove 3 and a half hours to get here. In case you haven’t heard, I kind of have a lot on the plate being the main shareholder, face and R&D head of a multi-BILLION dollar company, superhero-ing, developing and maintaining tech for YOUR super-shady government agency and the Avengers and now you’re telling me that MAYBE you’ll be able to get me in at a later date after you asked for my help!? Not gonna fly with me. So here’s what YOU’RE gonna do. You’re going to get me and my science bro in to look at your little pet project RIGHT NOW or not at all. Not up for negotiation.” Tony delivered his speech with the cool, cutting precision of a well-versed and experienced CEO who was very good at getting what he wanted. Just because Tony found the CEO position boring and better pandered off to someone with more patience, didn’t mean he wasn’t good at it.
Tony balked. That did not sit well with him. He wanted her out of his life, not to meet up with her for a friendly chat over milkshakes. But ever since the dreams started, he couldn’t help the nagging feeling that there was more going on than they were told. Steve wouldn’t want him meeting her, especially not alone. Granted they’d found some work-arounds, but an order was an order in a soldier’s mind and Fury had made it very clear that they were to be kept apart. It would probably anger Coulson, as well. Tony sat staring at the screen for another few minutes before making up his mind.
Tony called out, “Mute,” before the AI could respond.
They’d already figured out that the collars and the remote to control them wouldn’t work on individuals whose enhancements involved brute strength, such as Cap or Hulk, which helped put everyone at ease. It was a little unnerving when they came to the conclusion that the enhancements that the collars were meant to contain ran more along the lines of mind control. Tony and Dr. Serafin both ascertained that the pulses given off by the collars were meant to interrupt something similar to brain waves, though they wouldn’t be able to fully understand the implications without someone with such powers to test it on. Given that they’d also determined that using the collars would cause great pain to the wearer, they wouldn’t have tested it even if they had a suitable volunteer.
“Yes. I don’t know how long we were there for, I wasn’t paying attention. Eventually she asked me to go to her motel which happened to be right across the street- by the way, you guys put her up in a shit hole, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves- so we could talk more privately. I was hesitant, but agreed. We went back to her room, talked a little while longer. She came onto me, so I left.”
“-I can assure you, that the color scheme isn’t the most important part. What’s MOST important is cleanliness-“
A small part of Tony wanted to tell the whole story. The dreams. The anxiety attacks. What he and Angela had talked about. All of it. But if they honestly believed that he would cheat on Steve or that he was capable of murder, how likely were they to believe his excuse for his behavior? They already pegged him as guilty. He SHOULD get a lawyer, at this point. But once he made up his mind, he was stubborn to change it. The evidence, or lack thereof, would prove his innocence. Telling the agents about the inner workings of his mind would just make them think he was crazy. So he settled for non-specific answers to tide them over until the evidence proved he was telling the truth. “Why Fury kept us separated.”
Steve faked a pained grimace, gripping his side in a dramatic fashion, which earned him a smile and a laugh.
“Nope,” Tony said, popping the ‘p.’ “Got it covered.” He glanced up at Steve and could see that he was hesitating by the way he was aimlessly rapping the knuckles of his coffee-less hand lightly against the table top, obviously wanting to discuss something and dreading bringing it up. “Spill, Cap. You look like someone peed in your Wheaties and are trying to figure out who.”
“Uh huh.” The longer Bruce watched Tony, the more the genius seemed to squirm.
Tony sunk entirely to the floor, his breathing only increasing its pace as his fingers dug into his chest through his shirt, leaving marks on his skin and straining the fabric. The full body sobs making his lung’s job even more difficult. He could feel the pull of unconsciousness on his mind as his vision began to darken.
He finally opened his mouth to defend himself, but again Pepper interrupted him. Only this time it was with a hard slap to the face. Pepper might have been petite, but she packed a lot of power in that small frame and Tony saw stars.
Steve laughed and brought the plate to sit in front of the hungry engineer, then made his way over the kitchenette to grab two glasses of ice water. By the time he’d made his way back over to the table, Tony had already devoured almost half of considerably large sandwich and some of the chips. “Told you so,” he said with a smirk.
“Good evening, sirs, and welcome home. It’s safe to assume that you wish to go to your respective floors.”
“Here’s MY theory.” She leaned forward as though about to tell a juicy story. “Bruce mentioned that she was kind enough to buy you coffee and you saw an in. Your favorite past-time seems to be pissing Fury off, so what better way to give him the middle finger than to do the very thing he was trying to prevent. You took advantage of the situation, and offered to return the favor by treating her to an after-dinner coffee to ‘repay the favor.’ Dr. Serafin wanted to make amends, so she agreed. You played the part of a gentleman, offering to walk her back to her motel afterwards. You then turned on the Tony Stark charm that SO MANY women have fallen for before and got yourself invited in. Things happened. Somehow she ended up dead.”
The baddie reveal should happen in the next chapter or the one after that. I wonder if anyone figured it out yet....
“Steve-“ Bruce tried to stop the tirade but it fell on deaf ears.
Hill glared at him. “A woman is dead and you’re concerned about your caffeine addiction?”
Tony slow blinked. The sound of his AI’s voice sounding far away, barely registering over the buzzing in his ears (“definitely shock,” Bruce would say.) He vaguely noted that he was swaying a bit on his feet- he couldn’t tell if the movement was slight or if he looked like he was dancing to a slow tune in his head.
Bruce cleared his throat from his spot on the mat. “There has be more to the story than what we’re hearing.”
“I believe you’ve had an emotional shock nearly resulting in a fainting spell.”
JARVIS paused. That wasn’t good. “He does appear to be in distress.”
Steve knew he was referring to Agent Serafin coming to the tower. “We’re gonna set her up in Bruce’s lab with the control collars. That’s technically the only part of the project she could claim ownership of, since the remote…THING was only just acquired a few days ago. You’ll be working on that part of it since Bruce says that, according to her notes, it looks like she hasn’t had a chance yet to get into the nitty-gritty of it. He and JARVIS will be your intermediaries, though it sounds like he plans to stay here with you for the most part.” Tony smiled at that. “He doesn’t like the idea of giving her free-reign of his lab, but he’s disgusted enough with her that he considers it a small price to pay and doesn’t want to run the risk of a callous remark letting loose the Big Guy in the tower. It’s safe to assume Hulk would want to defend your honor and smash her to a pulp.” Another smile, and a snort this time. “He also recommends exchanging numbers and communicating via-text message should anyone step out of the lab or away from JARVIS. She seems like the type to take her work home with her. No phone calls and don’t delete any messages. If she instigates an argument that culminates in her quitting, there’s proof. That means you’ll have to play nice, too. Don’t give Coulson a reason to harp on us.”
Natasha and Clint drew their own guns that they’d apparently had hidden somewhere on their bodies.
Tony looked back and forth between them again. “WHAT!?”
“Understood. Now, please, Sir, if you’d let me help you get your bre-“
“Have you already made up your mind like everyone else has? That I’m guilty. That I cheated on Steve and then murdered my mistress.”
“That’s a horrible description. Babies sleep like anxious, caffeine-fueled college students right before finals. On the rare occasion that they DO fall asleep, the slightest noise startles them and makes them start freaking out and bawling.”
----------
Steve gave a small laugh, the first one they’d heard in a while. “Does it always come down to food for you, Doctor?”
“Very articulate. Come to bed with me. I’m tired. Usually our roles are reversed, you should be ecstatic right now.” Tony gave another tug on his hand.
“He collapsed, he’s not responding…”
(See the end of the chapter for
This chapter and chapter 13 were supposed to be one, but it got REALLY wordy. Next chapter should be posted soon.
I own nothing of Marvel or the, as yet unnamed, horror franchise/baddie.
“As long as I exist, Sir, you will never be alone.”
Steve relaxed his judgmental eyebrows, then laughed when he heard Tony mutter under his breath, “Take away all my fun, why don’t ya?”
Clint was trying so hard not to laugh, he nearly choked on his muffin.
Bruce looked down, his eyebrows furrowed. He was remembering another poorly concealed cut on a now cold, dead hand that had also been explained away as the result of a sharp bed frame. He was about to open his mouth to ask something else when the sound of the elevator door opening stopped everyone in their tracks as all eyes turned to the super soldier who now walked in.
“No! You keep saying that, but it’s really, really not. Freaking out in the middle of sex and then elbowing you in the nose- making you bleed- that’s not alright.”
He also remembered the night that the ring box had sat hidden in his suit pocket, waiting for the perfect moment to get down on one knee and offer Steve his whole heart…
Steve fell back against the closed door to their bedroom as Tony launched himself at him, all lips, teeth, tongue and hands. Those hands gripped the hem of Steve’s shirt and yanked up, scraping the fabric over the tip of his nose. Next went his boxer briefs and pants, but they got caught on his shoes and Tony growled in frustration until Steve managed to toe them off. He clumsily reached behind him searching for the door knob to let them into their bedroom, but he kept getting distracted by the wonderful things his fiancé was doing with his lips as he suckled his neck. He finally managed to open the door and almost fell to the floor. He was able to catch himself (Super Soldier reflexes came in handy in more places than the battlefield) and backed over the bed. He landed on his back with a soft whump when Tony pushed him to land on top of their comforter.
“Like hell.”
“We can’t right now- the blood shorted it out. But believe me, we will be.” Coulson paused for dramatic emphasis and seemed to take pleasure in seeing him turn green. “So you planned on telling Steve that you had betrayed and cheated on him?”
I have no beta, therefore all mistakes are mine.
The “in-between”- so named because that was exactly what it was: a hidden pathway between the lab and the penthouse. It was a small, dark, sound-proof stairway that went up 5 steps, veered 90 degrees to the left, went up 6 steps, veered 90 degrees to the right, and then went up another 4 steps ending in a door that opened up into his and Steve’s closet. Well, he supposed it was just his closet now. He vaguely wondered if Steve had already cleared out. A sense of dread settled in his stomach when he realized there was a possibility that Steve was there now, doing just that and he almost decided to unmute JARVIS to make sure he wouldn’t end up face to face with the very last person on the face of the planet he wanted to see. ALMOST. Instead, he figured he’d crack open the door a tiny bit to try and hear any movement from within.
Coulson cut her off with a raise of his hand in a placating gesture. “No one is insinuating anything about you in particular, but I understand their hesitance to leave it here with us.”
“Took you love birds long enough. With privacy mode engaged, God only knows what lewd moves you were traumatizing the bots with,” Clint leered before taking a huge bite out of a freshly baked chocolate chip muffin. “I’d‘ve let you be, but the corned beef hash is getting cold.” A few pieces of muffin fell out of his mouth as he talked and Steve gave him the stink eye.
“What about it? Do you want to discuss how my past as a slut is apparently impacting our work?”
Tony pulled his hand off his eyes and stared at the camera. For the first time since this nightmare started he felt a small smile form on his lips, which finally had some color returning to them. The smile faded slightly before he asked, “you know I’m innocent, right J? Of,” he swallowed, “of all of it, right?”
Bruce sighed. “She brought us drinks as a peace-offering.” He picked up his own cup and took a swig, making a point that it wasn’t toxic. “It was a nice gesture.”
Bruce was silent as he also turned his curious gaze to the Director.
Coulson paused and Steve could hear him sigh, bracing himself for whatever he needed to say. Steve almost dropped the phone when he finally said,
As Coulson disappeared through the double doors, Bruce remained at Tony’s side; though, it was more so to try to keep Tony calm and away from tackling the still-scornful looking SHIELD agent who remained with them. “Do you think we should text Steve and let him know what’s going on?” he asked quietly as he turned to him, in attempt to distract the angry engineer.
“No medical needed, J. Feeling better already. Better out than in.”
Another rumbling laugh as Steve made to break away. “It could be important, I should check it. Coulson mentioned in the last meeting, that YOU missed”- a pointed look was sent Tony’s way- “that SHIELD had some agents looking into intel on a possible HYDRA stronghold where they’ve been hoarding some Chitauri tech they managed to get their hands on.”
“Answer me. When we were together, did you. Ever. Cheat. On. Me?”
“-what our favorite drinks were, and you’re being very rude to sputter as though she forced your mouth open and poured arsenic down your throat.”
“Talking? About what?” Coulson asked.
. Sure, he banters like usual and is still affectionate with Steve. He’s been hiding out in his lab, but that wasn’t unusual either. Every time Steve went down to hang out with him, either to eat or to just sit on the couch and sketch while he worked, Tony always seemed distant and tense. Not I’m-absorbed-in-my-work distant; it was more like, I’m-hiding-something-from-you-so-stay-away. It was similar to what Pepper had described from when Tony had been dying of palladium poisoning. After getting over the initial awkwardness of talking to Tony’s ex about their relationship, Steve had found a confidant in Pepper Potts when Tony was being particularly difficult to understand. She explained that Tony tends to become distant whenever something makes him uncomfortable and it was important to know the signs of what type of distance he was creating in order to overcome it and get him to talk. She also explained that sometimes, no matter what anyone does to try to get him to open up, it won’t work and the best thing to do is to be there for him while he works it out on his own. Steve has struggled with that last bit. Not the “being there” for Tony part, that’s easy. He’ll always be there for Tony. The thing he had a hard time with was standing off to the side while Tony was obviously struggling with something and having no idea how to make it better.
At this, both Avengers hung their heads and sighed. Before Steve could leave arms reach, Tony pulled him back in for a quick kiss. They stepped apart again, but then Steve tugged Tony’s arm and pulled him back for another kiss, only this time Tony tried to take it deeper and dirtier. With a laugh, Steve tried to pry his lover, who was starting to imitate an octopus by tangling limbs every which way, away long enough to take a steadying breath before having to face the latest mission SHIELD would be asking for their assistance with. “We’ll definitely be continuing this later.”
“No, Tony. There’s no way-“
“Tell him not to get his feathers in a twist, we’ll be up in a minute.”
Tony’s face crumbled as the cold usage of his last name. Steve hasn’t called him that in years unless he was teasing. Judging by the look on Steve’s face, this was no joke.
Tony arched an eyebrow. “Is there a problem?”
----------
As the line went dead, no one in the room seemed to move or breathe. Coulson, Bruce, and Steve were shocked and Tony was angry at Fury’s reasoning for the note in Agent Serafin’s file. While Tony had had a reputation in his younger days, all four knew that Tony had been loyal and monogamous while in relationships, first with Pepper and then Steve. Even between the two, after he and Pepper had broken up but before Steve and Tony finally got their heads out of their asses and realized that they were pining over each other, Tony hadn’t had any consorts. It seemed to be a trend that while Tony was in love, even before the beginning of a relationship, he didn’t look for empty sex. The last person he slept with who wasn’t Pepper or Steve was Christine Everhardt, back in 2008. Tony and Pepper didn’t start dating until almost a year later after the disaster that was the last Stark Expo. Fury would know this.
Bruce had mentioned that she’d brought them a peace-offering this morning and had apologized for how she behaved. No, Dr. Serafin wasn’t a problem. The problem Steve had with the project was Tony.
“Okay, then. Yeah, you can use the tower.” Steve waited for Coulson’s response, but when none was forthcoming he started to worry. “Is there anything else I can do for you?”
As they made their way into the QuinJet, Tony felt more than saw as Steve laid him down on the small medical bed. Everything was blurry as tears formed of their own accord in the chocolate eyes that once had such sparkle. He could barely make out Steve as he saw him move his left hand to his ear and speak again, whatever was said into the comms lost to his comprehension. His body felt heavy and beaten, but his head felt floaty. He was so, so tired and he wanted more than anything to succumb to the darkness that was starting to creep into the edges of his vision.
“I- holy shit.” Tony had created a loophole to the protocol without even meaning to. He could feel his heart rate slowly returning to normal. Taking a deep enough breath that finally began to let his mind clear, he asked, “And the suits?”
Steve set down the spatula he was using to prod at the scrambled eggs he had in the skillet. “That was something else I discussed with Coulson before we left. He’s concerned she’ll resign if we take away full rights to the project.”
“J, what time is it?”
A snort from Natasha this time.
“My sensors indicate a slight elevation in body temperature, but not enough to qualify as a fever. Your heart rate and respiratory rates are both elevated, as well, suggesting an anxiety attack resulting from a nightmare. While the fore-mentioned responses are not unusual, I am concerned with the added symptom of vomiting and suggest seeking medical attention if it doesn’t ease up shortly.”
“Ma’am.” Steve made a move to shake her hand, but he was pointedly ignored as she glared at Tony. Steve awkwardly put his hand back to his side and looked to his fiancé in askance, already figuring out that something had happened. Tony avoided his eyes again and instead moved to sit down in one of the three chairs in front of Coulson’s desk. Steve and Bruce took the other two, but it was obvious Steve’s 1940s sensibilities were pained at the thought of taking a seat while a lady remained standing. Steve cleared his throat. “What’s going on here?”
“Answer mine first. Why. Didn’t. You. Call. Me? Pepper was pretty upset this morning, looked about to cry. Did she call you from the plane after she slapped me and left me to Happy’s silent treatment for 3 hours? That was HOURS ago. Have you been stewing this long? Gearing up to give me your best disappointed voice?”
There is no triggering content in this chapter.
He turned on the sink, splashed some cool water on his face and looked into the mirror, shocked to find he looked so pale. The nausea still burned his throat, so he grabbed a drinking glass he kept on the counter top, filled it halfway and drank a few sips, hoping to settle his stomach. If anything, it made it worse. He quickly went to the toilet and lifted the seat before emptying his stomach contents. The left-over spaghetti Steve had insisted they eat as a late supper before they finally went to bed last night (“We haven’t had anything since lunch, Tony, and coffee does NOT count as a meal”) making an encore appearance. Tony tried to be as quiet as possible while being sick, which is no easy feat, worried that if Steve woke up he’d start mother-hening him and then BOTH of them would be up all night. Steve needed his sleep, Tony knew he was exhausted after doing all 6 hours of the driving yesterday, which he felt bad about. He had planned to offer to be the driver on the way home, but then all that nonsense at SHIELD had rattled him.
Tony blushed and continued eating. For someone who supposedly had such a large ego, he wasn’t very good at accepting genuine compliments. He had an absurd idea in his mind, ingrained by Howard and reinforced by all the horrible people who’ve come behind him, that he wasn’t worth the effort and didn’t deserve good things. Steve was determined to change that. Tony coughed and changed the subject. “So how did it go getting Agent Satan set up?”
“Nah, just the rest of what’s already cooked,” Clint replied, not breaking his gaze.
Coulson narrowed his eyes. “Since we’re no longer a front for HYDRA. Believe it or not, Mr. Stark, we’re not the bad guys.”
A beat of silence made his blood run cold.
- Howard was dead and never could have been appeased anyway, so that motivation was out,
“Ugh,” Bruce groaned, “this turned hilarious to sickly sweet in the bat of an eye. Too much sugar for me this late at night, I’m heading to bed.” He walked another four steps before groaning even more loudly, throwing his head back, shaking his hands at the floor. Hulk may get the reputation for having flair, but never let it be said that Bruce Banner wasn’t capable of being a dramatic little shit. “The stuff. In the back. Ugh.”
“Has he said anything to you about what happened?”
“9 minutes…”
“2:57 am. You were asleep for approximately 1 hour and 47 minutes before you woke up 21 minutes ago.”
When Tony at last looked up, Steve noticed that he looked terrible. The worry lines that he had tried to smooth over the night before looked to be as deep as trenches and he was white as a sheet. Even those beautiful chocolate eyes were mildly-bloodshot, though it was hard to tell since once again Tony seemed to be avoiding his gaze. “Steve, I…” He bit his bottom lip and Steve fought the urge to move in to kiss those lips that were being worried so much. “I’m so sorry about last night. I really don’t know what came over me. That’s never happened before.”
Sure enough, it didn’t look like Tony had moved at all since Steve was in the lab last, still up to his elbows in wires and glowy things that were not of this world. He didn’t even seem to register Steve’s presence as JARVIS lowered the volume of the music to something a little less ear-piercing and he came up alongside him and set the plates, heaped with not only the sandwiches but also pickles and potato chips (sour cream and onion, of course), on the workstation. A kiss on the cheek seemed to finally make Tony aware that he was no longer alone.
“The intel proved to be good and we managed to recover quite of a bit of Chitauri tech. Most wasn’t impressive, as much as that can be said about alien technology, but there were a few interesting pieces. It looks like they were trying to build something big with the little bits, but they didn’t get very far,” Coulson’s visage from the viewing screen informed them. All the Avengers were gathered- Tony, Steve, Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor- and were placed randomly about the large meeting table.
“That’s all I ask.”
Whatever Tony had been expecting, it hadn’t been that. He tapped his fingers against his chest- a habit that remained even though the arc reactor was long gone.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Or Coulson,” he agreed.
“Only once. You all were bugging me and I wanted to clear the room. Not my fault Thor didn’t know to say no.”
When Tony and Steve, freshly showered, finally joined the others around the breakfast table in the communal kitchen a little after 9am, the meal was in full swing. Thor had his usual heaping mound of waffles that could feed a small army, covered in butter and syrup, and was laughing as Nat and Clint had a stare down over the last few pieces of bacon. Tony’s money was on Nat getting her way, through sheer intimidation alone. He considered ending the stalemate by reaching between the two to grab the bacon for himself, but he had no desire to lose any limbs today, thank you very much. Instead he pulled his best pout and said, “That better not be the last of what we have in the tower.”
Tony had never felt so alone and he didn't even know the depth of it.
Usually when he had an attack, he could pinpoint what had triggered it and remove it or himself from the area. It was harder when the triggers were nightmares, but at least he or Steve could talk him down from it. But there was nothing to remove, nowhere to go, and no explanation for the deep feeling of dread and fear that lodged itself in his lungs, making it hard to breathe. Granted, the strange dream he had last night might have something to do with it, but he had no way to talk himself down because he had no idea what it meant or where it had come from. When he dreamt of a cave in Afghanistan or the wormhole, he told himself those experiences were over and done with and he’d survived. When he dreamt of Obi ripping the arc reactor from his chest, he reminded himself that the bastard was dead and the arc reactor no longer made him vulnerable to betrayal.
“You deserve it.”
“Good thing you have a hero to save the day,” Steve said, as took advantage of his close proximity and planted a light kiss on his nose.
“What?”
Clint made a gagging sound from the recliner he was lounging in. “Get a room. No one wants to see Mom and Dad make out.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve slid one of the plates closer and set the screwdriver further away.
He sighed.
“The investors that you were meeting. Were they upset about something?”
POSSIBLE TRIGGERS FOR ANXIETY IN THIS CHAPTER. Reader discretion is advised.
Steve kissed his nose and let go of his back so they could move from the elevator to their penthouse. “Sure thing.” Steve grabbed Tony’s hand this time and led the way. As they moved through their living area, he glanced at the clock and was surprised by the time. “It’s only 9:30 and you want to go to sleep? This is a first,” he teased.
The sun had been up for about an hour when Steve finally headed to Tony’s lab. He hadn’t slept at all that night after being woken up by the nightmare and he knew the genius hadn’t either. He checked in with JARVIS multiple times, looking for updates on his status and JARVIS had replied the same way every time- “Sir is in moderate emotional distress and is working on the HYDRA/Chitauri remote. He wishes to be left alone.” At least, it had been the same response EXCEPT for the last time he asked.
As his heart continued to shatter behind the false sternum, Tony went into survival mode. He channeled his inner- Elsa- ‘conceal, don’t feel, don’t let them know.’ He stood up and straightened his spine, not even having realized at what point he had slumped in defeat. Still clutching Steve’s ring in his right hand, he used his thumb and forefinger to pull his own ring off and set it on the table behind him. Steve’s eyes had followed the movement but then went back to the face of his former fiancé. Steeling the strength of character he only used for the press and public, he went into Tony fucking Stark mode and calmly walked towards Steve who was standing next to the three foot wide support pillar that made up one end of the island that sat on the outskirts of the kitchen.
Steve quirked up one corner of his mouth. “When you were sleeping like a baby on the car ride home.”
‘”Steve-“
before he finally woke, shaking in his bed- not from cold, but from sheer terror. He woke to find blood dripping from a gash over his collar bone. He woke to find himself without Steve. It was one of the worst nights of his life.
As he sat waiting for Bruce and Maria Hill to finish loading the few boxes containing all the tech and the data collected on it, and watching Steve as he stood off to the side and out of ear-shot discussing something with Coulson, he was relieved they’d brought such a large vehicle. The large seat obscured him from view and served as a barrier between him and Bruce, who Tony knew would be shooting furtive, worried glances in his direction. The tinted windows hid him from Steve, who was less than discreet with his concerned looks towards the SUV.
“So, he IS the mom? That makes me the dad,” Tony grinned, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Only Steve seemed to notice. “That means I’m entitled to make Dad jokes and make you kids pull my finger.”
“I am here, Sir.”
THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS WHAT COULD BE CONSIDERED TRIGGERING CONTENT- Read at your own discretion
Tony is interrogated and gets a taste of the fallout from his evening with Dr. Serafin.
Tony sat silently, staring at Steve’s hand and then putting his own hand on top of his. His brown eyes looked up to Steve’s blue, and he said, quietly, “I wasn’t checking out Agent Satan.” Steve huffed out a laugh. “I really was just ascertaining if she was a threat. I’d heard her arguing with Coulson and was concerned.”
Despite the heaviness of his eyelids, Tony stared up at Steve’s worried expression and at the anguish and concern marring his face. He could see the stars slowly passing over their heads as he was jostled as gently as the super soldier could manage while executing a bridal carry as Steve ran full speed toward the waiting QuinJet. Tony was only vaguely aware of his surroundings and his body as he came down from the adrenaline high; the burning in his side and tightness in his chest were minor annoyances as he gazed at Steve. Confusion clouded his mind and his heart pounded against his rib cage in a way reminiscent of arc reactor failure as his left arm flapped against Steve’s side and his right arm hung in front of him. He could hear Steve continue calling out assurances to him between pants as he ran.
Steve was somewhat mollified but still looked unsure. “Fine.” He then looked at Coulson, addressing him. “You’re wasting your time. Tony has an airtight alibi. He was with investors last night in the early evening then with me. I’m sure the people he met and JARVIS will be happy to back up the story.”
Director Coulson ignored Tony’s indignant protests and instead turned a stony face to him and his team. “Mr. Stark, we’re going to need you to come with us.”
“Or Coulson.”
After the phone call from Hill in the early hours of the morning, Steve had gone down to the gym to vent his various emotions on the punching bags. After giving him an hour to himself, Natasha had followed him down and offered to spar with him. She hoped it would give him an opening to talk to someone more forthcoming than an inanimate object. He accepted but was slow to offer anything vocal other than the occasional grunt when she got a decent hit to him. The fact that she was able to get as many in as she did was a good indicator of the turmoil his thoughts were in. Usually she would chastise him for letting his guard down, but instead she just encouraged him to try to hit her harder. He needed to get it out and she could take it. It wasn’t until Clint joined them and he double-teamed with her against him that Steve seemed to slow down. Eventually Bruce and Thor joined them as well, bearing ice water and a clean towel. He gratefully accepted their gifts and mopped the sweat off his brow, then nearly collapsed to the spot and the position he was currently in. Taking that as their cue, the other settled in to lend their support.
Another ding, from Tony’s phone this time.
“Drive. To the facility.”
“What time is Agent Serafin supposed to be arriving?”
Hope you're enjoying the story! Be sure to kudos and comment!
“Nothing here.” Steve shoved his phone back into his pocket.
“JARVIS, get my Platypus on the line for me.”
Steve bit his lip. “How would I even do that? If I order him to do it, he’ll laugh in my face.” ‘Or worse,’ Steve thought, after the blow up they had earlier.
Finally, Director Coulson, Agent Hill, and the rest of their merry band of assholes came out- evidence bags in hand. They loaded up the back of the other car and pulled away from the tower towards a nearby airfield where a SHIELD jet waited for them. Tony was grateful they weren’t driving all the way to D.C.- three hours is a long time when the handcuffs binding your hands and arms behind your back are chafing. Tony hoped no one saw him being arrested when he was taken out of the tower. He didn’t see any paparazzi but nowadays everyone has a smartphone that they could film him with and send videos to TMZ. Pepper would have an aneurism if word got out that Tony/Iron Man was being arrested for murder. Stocks would drop. Children would cry. It would be a disaster.
Creeping soundlessly- and pointlessly, given that he could probably detonate a large bomb in this room and no one would hear a thing- he made his way to the top and pulled the lever that would open the door at the back of his closet. There was no sense hiding the levers that opened the doors from the inside of the in-between, it was too dark to see them and he was the only one who was ever in it. The door opened soundlessly just the one in his lab did and breathed a sigh of relief- the light in the closet was off, which meant that Steve wasn’t there. Even if he had been, the door was so well camouflaged and oiled that, even with his super-soldier senses, he probably wouldn’t have picked up on it. He shut the door to the in-between with a silent click and snuck to the door that opened from his closet into his bedroom, pressing his ear against it. Nothing. He waited an extra minute or two before finally pushing his way into his other sanctuary. Or, at least, it had been when he shared it with Steve. Now, looking at the pictures next to their- his- bed, the sketchbook laying at the foot of what had been Steve’s side, the leather jacket strewn over the ottoman at the foot of it, he felt sick and not safe at all.
Steve makes a decision that will break Tony's heart even more.
“His distress has lessened, but he is pacing. He’s making the bots very nervous.”
“What? No! No, it’s not okay. Oh God, Steve, I hurt you.” He took another step back then fell over onto the floor when his calf collided with an ottoman from a chair that was situated near the dresser.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “Seriously, do our conversations always have to go to the gutter when we’re eating?”
“-that everything should still go together nicely.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hill and the other four agents raised their weapons.
“Agent Serafin.” Steve held out his hand as she approached, even though he remembered her ignoring it the last time they met. This time she actually shifted her briefcase from her right to her left and returned the gesture of good-will. “Welcome to Avenger’s Tower. You’ve met Dr. Banner. This is Clint Barton, Natasha Romanoff, and Thor Odinson. Hulk, Hawkeye, Black Widow, and, um, Thor, respectively.”
His response only seemed to make her angrier. She gathered her purse and briefcase, barely able to manage the straps because she was trembling so much, and knocked to have Happy open the door for her. After she climbed out, Tony made to follow her but she stopped him with a shaking hand. “I’m taking the jet back to Malibu, I have to get to work on damage control if word of your arrest leaks. I’m not even going to BEGIN to yell at you about the ramifications this could have for the company because if I start I will never stop. Happy will drive you home. Good-bye, Mr. Stark.” The door slammed in his face.
“Sir, please breathe for me. In for 5 count, out for 5 count…”
Steve obliged and wrapped his arms around Tony for a brief hug. His eyebrows knit in concern when he felt the slight trembling that even now was still quaking his smaller frame. “Hey, are you ok? You’re shaking.”
Tony arched his back and ground his hips into Steve’s seeking friction until he felt lips against his throbbing erection. Steve had let go of his hands and now pinned his hips to the bed as worked, using all the tricks he knew would drive him wild. “You’re so good for me, Sweetheart,” Steve murmured, lovingly.
“Tony, what WERE you doing there? I know you didn’t kill her, nobody believes you actually killed a random SHIELD agent-“
Any sense of self-preservation must’ve gone through the floor with his stomach as the woman, with a heated glare, stalked quickly towards them and away from the lab. Despite the hallway being wide enough to walk past while maintaining several feet of distance between them, the scientist quite brusquely huffed and barreled her shoulder into Tony’s as she quickly made her exit. So much for staying out of arms-reach; if she’d had a close-quarters weapon on her, she could’ve easily done some damage as she passed. Tony was too dumbstruck to even process that he ran the risk of being gutted by a well-concealed knife by allowing himself to be in such close proximity to the furious agent.
Tony grimaced. “My bad. He really chewed you out? I figured he was going on about more vintage Cap memorabilia.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony didn’t trust himself to speak, so he just nodded to show no hard feelings. As long as you didn’t count mounting anxiety as a ‘hard feeling.’
“Ooooo. Turkey sandwich! Gimme...” he said, making grabby hands.
As they approached a room on the right, the agent leading them- a stern looking woman who was very pointedly ignoring Tony- slowed to a stop and used a magnetized security card to grant them access. The door unlocked with a little green light- hallelujah, there was color in here- and a beep. The agent opened the door to reveal a large room filled with filing cabinets, wooden tables that looked like they were left over from the days of the SSR, and large, rolled scrolls- maps. Another agent stood next to one of the largest table, looking over one of the maps and gave a smile as he glanced up.
When Tony arrived back at the tower, there was no one there to greet him. The communal kitchen and living room were empty.
JARVIS’ voice followed him in and said, “DUM-E never made contact with you while you were on the floor. I communicated to him implicit instructions to stay away lest he accidentally harm you. I observed his actions the entire time. He never came close enough to you to make any wound, much less one such as that.”
Dressed for bed, Steve padded quietly back and slipped under the covers next to Tony. He rolled onto his side and propped his head on the palm of his hand with his elbow braced against the mattress, studying his lover’s face. He reached out tentatively with the other hand and brushed a stray lock of hair from his forehead, trailing his fingers over the worry lines that, even in sleep, were etched into his brow. They didn’t used to be there- Tony’s face always looked younger and more peaceful as he slept, unless he was having a nightmare. Both Tony and Steve have had their fair share of them, but ever since moving in together the nightmares have mutually dropped off considerably. They attribute it to the feeling of safety and comfort that they invoke in each other. For Steve, it’s hard to have a nightmare about ice when he has a very warm and soft genius snuggled up to his side. For Tony, Obadiah Stane can’t infect his dreams about the arc reactor with Captain America himself curled up around him, draping a protective arm across his chest. But now the worry lines- and apparently the nightmares- were back and Steve couldn’t understand what was going on in that brilliant mind and why Tony wouldn’t talk to him about it. The last time he brought it up to him, saying that he looked tired and hoping to coax him into a conversation about it, Tony had snapped at him. Granted, they bicker sometimes but Tony had seemed genuinely angry this time.
A plan is formed to keep drama to a minimum and Agent Serafin arrives to the tower.
Before JARVIS could “press” play, they were interrupted by the sound of Steve’s phone dinging with a text message.
Our story begins...
“What!?” Tony stepped back, away from Steve. “No. No. God, no. Steve, it’s not like that. Just, no.” He shook his head. “No, nothing like that.”
“What about the fight that I’m sure they put up? Any of your people injured?” Steve cut in before the conversation could deteriorate. While none of the Avengers were fans of SHIELD, especially since they seemed to miss how much their organization was infiltrated by HYDRA before Steve, Sam, Natasha, and Fury put an end to it by leveling the Triskelion and dumping the Insight helicarriers into the Potomac, everyone liked Coulson. Probably the only reason they agreed to work hand-in-hand with SHIELD to weed out HYDRA and look for Loki’s scepter was because of Coulson being the newly appointed Director. Fury did well appointing him before having to fall off the map to pretend to be dead. Everyone was still slightly wary of Fury but everyone trusted Coulson’s judgement even though they were pretty sure that the two men were still in contact with each other.
After being subjected to that humiliation, Tony was allowed to redress in the clothes he’d worn from home and left alone in an interrogation room.
“We’re watching a movie.” Steve arched his eyebrow and refused to move. He was still mad at Tony for ditching dinner, but only a little bit. Tony couldn’t keep neglecting SI business and Steve couldn’t begrudge him a dinner meeting since it wasn’t often he had to go to them, usually sending Pepper instead.
“Says the man who is currently being bested by a seat belt.”
Steve ignored him as he pulled the ring off his finger and threw it at his chest.
“JARVIS, lights 75%!” A voice called out.
Steve, who was just as confused as Thor, looked to Tony who had literally face-palmed and his shoulders shook with his own barely contained laughter.
“Yes, Stark, she’s very dead. And we have video evidence that shows that you were the last person to see her alive. So if you’ll please, come with us. I don’t want this to get ugly.”
“Lockdown the lab and engage privacy mode.” Another gasp. “Deactivate every existing emergency override code to my lab. Pepper’s, Steve’s, Rhodey’s, Bruce’s. Every. Single. One.” The windows darkened.
The ‘road trip’ Tony had been so excited for ended up not being as much fun they had expected.
“What the hell, Coulson!? Did you shut off JARVIS? Fury teach you that trick?” Tony was furious. NO ONE interfered with his beloved AI.
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, but it appears you haven’t been granted access to the lab.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at Coulson, swallowing down his revulsion at the mental image of a phone water-logged with blood. “I didn’t cheat on him. Or betray him, I just needed to figure some things out before I went and told him about what was going on.”
“Figure what out?”
Steve’s smile slipped as he remembered all the times he had shown Tony how much he loved him by making sure he never missed a meal. “I think I’ll go take a shower first, I reek.”
Tony nodded again and reached up this time for Steve’s hand, pulling him down next to him and practically crawling into his lap. Steve wanted more than anything to wrap his arms around him but without knowing what had triggered the attack he was hesitant to. Tony had curled up in his lap and tucked his head under Steve’s chin, but then started shaking again. On instinct, Steve brought his arms around him and started rubbing his back and was pleased to find that it seemed to calm him. Reassured that he wasn’t about to trigger him again, he tightened his hold so Tony felt more secure and started rocking him, murmuring “I love you, you’re safe,” over and over and planting the occasional kiss to his head.
“Come on, Buddy. You’re not giving me the silent treatment, too, are ya?”
Silence. Oh no.
The entire time she was in the tower, Dr. Serafin didn’t leave the lab except to take Bruce’s hint to go out to eat for lunch. Since the state-of-the-art lab was built by Tony, there were attached amenities to make day long binges pleasant, such as a full-size bathroom, a fully stocked kitchenette with a fridge and a Keurig, and a plush couch seated in front of an excessively-large television.
“What are the odds of another genius Russian with the knowledge to build a reactor and a bone to pick with my dad showing up, NATASHALIE? Seriously, I just wanted a fucking vacation.”
Tony went back to looking at the notes on the papers scattered on the table. He noticed the writing was feminine and was what covered the majority of the considerable stack the papers made up. He couldn’t help himself and asked, “So what was that all about anyway? She seems competent enough and knows this project better than anyone. Why remove her from the room before I could enter? What about her made you revoke my clearance to begin with?”
Bruce heard Tony mutter under his breath something about donating the AI to a museum to be used as an automated tour guide, but begrudgingly picked up the coffee and put the lid back on it though he made no move to actually drink it. He sighed again and started for the door, feeling a patented Tony Stark glare burning into his shoulder blades. He called over his shoulder, “I let Angela know you say thank you,” and walked out.
“Don’t be ridiculous, why do you think it took me so long to answer? There’s nothing and no one around me except vultures and dung beetles.”
“Dr. Serafin, did she text you that she was going to be late?”
“Yes, Sir.”
Bruce grabbed the towel out of his hand, avoiding the area covered in saliva, and started mopping up the spilled coffee before it could reach any of the nearby electronics. “Pretty sure whatever this filthy towel is covered in will kill you faster.”
“Of course, Captain.”
“In my defense, pushing AND turning the lid when you’re battling a migraine is more difficult than it sounds.”
Tony felt his heart start to pound against his rib cage with enough force that it seemed that it would burst through the false sternum and his breathing started to hitch as his throat closed up. He fisted the sheets and clamped his eyes shut as a feeling of panic flooded his chest and made his stomach flip. Instead of moans of “yes” and “more” and “oh, God, Steve,” he started to chant “No,” first under his breath then slightly louder as his legs started to move of their own accord and dig his heels into the mattress.
“Steeeeeeeve. Bruce is picking on me. Don’t pick on me, child safety measures could be tricky bastards. Tell him, Steve.”
The darkness won out and Tony knew no more.
Bruce brought Dr. Serafin’s gift to Tony right away to make sure it was still hot. Cold coffee would do nothing to warm the engineer’s opinion of her. He patted DUM-E’s “head” as he passed the little bot on his way over to the workstation that Tony was already slaving away over. He sighed, knowing that there was bound to be an abundance of data about the remote waiting in his inbox to be sorted and meshed with whatever the SHIELD scientist has undoubted prepared, as well. He was caught in the middle of two workaholics and it was exhausting.
Bruce buried his face in his hands and groaned even louder than last time.
“Sir, perhaps you should sit down.”
“Captain.”
Coulson. Steve groaned and hesitated to answer it. It seems that every time the man calls it messes up his life even more. Ever the dutiful soldier, he answered it anyway.
Both men ended up clutching their sides as they outright cackled at that. Tony wiped tears from his cheeks that had snuck out as his eyes had crinkled. “Man, I love him,” he wheezed out, as his laughter died down. For such a quiet, gentle man who avoided any form of confrontation, Bruce was the undisputed king of cheeky passive aggressiveness.
----------
“The Iron Man shut down protocol you agreed to with Director Fury has been utilized. I’m sorry, Sir, I couldn’t warn you.”
Coulson leaned back and gave Tony an appraising look. “You say she texted you first. We hacked your phone after confiscating it. All we saw was you thanking her for the coffee. Where’s the invite?”
“I’m NOT. I’m not like that. Steve, I wasn’t lying to you-“
Tony stood up from the chair and made his way to the elevator, heading to the penthouse to clean himself up.
The quiet scientist made a questioning gesture with his free hand and said, “What part of ‘I can make more food’ did you miss?”
“One, it was just supper revolting. No fever, no body aches. Told you I should’ve gone to bed without eating. Two, I didn’t have a nightmare. Just a weird dream is all- no caves, no wormholes. Just an average, makes-no-sense-upon-waking, dream and I barely remember it. If it’d been that bad, I would’ve woken you, honest. But there was no sense in both of us being sleep-deprived. I handle it better than you do, my body’s used to functioning after days with no shut-eye.”
“I’m guessing these aren’t for listening to your tunes while you jog,” Bruce said, looking to see if he got Tony to crack a smile. He didn’t.
He was never was one for following orders.
Steve hesitated. He didn’t want to use the security code- Tony would never forgive him for it. But, as it was, he had already done enough damage, what was a little more? It would ensure that Tony kept custody of his suits. He would be devastated if he lost them and Coulson was right- Tony could make SHIELD’s job a lot harder and right now it was more important that the case be solved and the charges against him dropped. “What do I have to do?” He could hear the other man’s sigh of relief over the phone.
“JARVIS, is there anyone in the communal kitchen?”
----------
Oh no.
“How does Steve look? Does he seem upset?”
After dropping the bombshell of the reason for their visit, Coulson requested again that Tony go with them and not put up a fight. For a solid minute, all eyes were on Tony. He didn’t move a muscle, even to breathe, and eventually realized he had to do that to live when his chest started to burn. He let out a huff of air and asked, “She’s dead?”
Clint sneered. “Hiding love bites, Stark?”
They walked out, leaving a furious Tony Stark in their wake.
Agent Serafin nodded back, obviously not expecting any other handshakes to be made. “I remember you two from when you still worked for SHIELD, though we never actually worked together,” she addressed Clint and Natasha, who didn’t respond back. Undeterred, she continued, “And it’s Doctor Serafin. Or Angela. ‘Agent’ was my father.”
Tony hated any and all SHIELD facilities. They were barren, depressing, and most areas smelled of sweaty foot stink for God-knows reason why. The helicarriers he’d been in in the past hadn’t been bad, especially the ill-used Insight helicarriers since he’d had a hand in designing them. It still really frosted him that they’d ended up being used for a nefarious HYDRA plot- they’d been a thing of beauty, at least as much beauty as Fury had allowed. Granted, he was only supposed to redesign the engines after getting an up-close look at them when the Avengers had first been assembled to fight Loki and his Chitauri minions; back when he’d almost been ground into gold titanium alloy dust when dislodging some debris that had gotten stuck. They’d also asked his opinion on some information arrays in the deck and conference rooms, so he managed to sneak some more stylish designs into the areas that agents actually frequent. He’d considered his duty to help the poor saps out, before he found out that half of them were HYDRA. Yeah, he was still sore about that.
“I told them I’d make more, but they insisted on a duel,” Bruce said from his place on a stool at the kitchen island, calmly sipping his tea, a bowl of unfinished fruit salad sitting by his elbow.
“Sir, would you like me to call someone for assistance?” JARVIS asked quietly, though the AI probably already knew the answer. It was most likely to be the same answer he always received.
“Oh, my God. Steve…”
Tony put his arm in front of Bruce protectively. He trusted Coulson with his life, but not with Bruce’s. He doesn’t trust anyone but his teammates with Bruce- too many governments and scientists have been itching to get their hands on him and SHIELD didn’t have a stellar record. At the same time, Bruce cut in, “I’m not going in without Tony. It’s both of us or none of us.”
Eventually, the silence was broken as JARVIS’ voice filled the room. “Sir is home and inquiring as to your whereabouts. I informed him of your location but he has yet to head in your direction.” The entire group tensed.
No one spoke as everyone tried to be comforting with their presence alone.
----------
To make matters worse, the nightmares- they were no longer classified as simple dreams anymore- were getting more intense. Last night, the creepy children’s voices starting singing some macabre song and the man’s voice that had beckoned him to help him hide while playing had become threatening and ominous. And he kept seeing that goddamn birthmark. Dr. Serafin’s birthmark. He was exhausted and grumpy, and he blamed her. Steve had made a remark about how tired he looked and Tony had snapped at him. It was probably why Steve was losing his patience and demanding he join the team for dinner. Tont just wanted her gone, the project finished, and the nightmares to end.
Steve, on the other hand, was always at the front. Ready to be the first to meet the enemy head-on and defend those behind him. It also gave him the ability to turn around make sure that any troublemakers (Tony) could see the expression he wore that so clearly conveyed “please stop antagonizing the people who could kill you.” Kind of like the one he gave Tony right now. Again, Tony didn’t mind because, A) he usually just ignored “the look” anyway, and B) he had a very nice view of that super soldier ass.
Tony stood up and made his way to the back corner of his lab. “What Steve doesn’t know won’t hurt him and let me make it very clear that you are not to tell him or anyone else where I’m going, who I’m seeing, or anything about the text messages including who sent them and what was said, is that understood?”
“No, Sir. You have 7 text messages waiting to be read. 3 from Miss Potts and 4 from Director Coulson.”
“I asked him. I know when he’s lying, I can see it in his eyes. That’s probably why he didn’t move more than five feet from the elevator when he came down to tell us he was leaving. He wasn’t lying about his reaction. He’d avoided my gaze through most of the conversation, but when I asked him if someone had hurt him he was looking right at me and told me no. He was telling the truth. That was the only time he WOULD meet my gaze. It was everything else he said that was a lie. And I was an idiot to believe him.”
“Language and chatter.” Steve had his Captain America mission face on.
TRIGGER WARNING: contains a depiction of an anxiety attack. Read at your own discretion.
“You should’ve woken me up, he said you had a nightmare and got sick.”
As the conference call was winding down, Tony informed Coulson he and Bruce would be making a trip to the SHIELD facility to give the tech a more proper once-over to see if it was anything they needed to worry about and he sent a text to Happy informing him that they’d need a chauffeur. As much as Tony liked to drive, he’d rather have to time to brainstorm with the good Doctor about what information they could eek out of the ridiculously crappy photos and what arguments they could make to get the tech transferred to the tower. No way was he leaving these new play things with the SHIELD “scientists.”
----------
Glancing back at the front of the lab to ensure that the front glass walls were still blacked out and that no one could see in, he stooped over a tile at the base of the door and used the thumb nail of his left arm- his right arm ached like a bitch- to dislodge it enough to pull the tile up and away to uncover a hidden lever that, when pulled, would make the door pop open about 2 inches. One of the perks of this old-fashioned system was that he could still access the door in case of a power outage. The in-between was mostly a safety precaution, guaranteeing him access to his workshop- his suits- from another entry point in case the building was ever hacked and JARVIS shut down. It wasn’t even on the building schematics. Blast-proof, fire-proof, and sound-proof, it could be used as a short-term panic room, though its dim lighting could be a bit disheartening. It opened the same way from the other side, and so did the door in the closet. He slipped into the almost-darkness, leaving the door open about an inch and letting in a small strip of light that he inevitably lost as soon as he turned the first corner.
Tony finds out that his reputation precedes him.
“Miss Potts posted your bail. I’ll take you to a changing room then you’re free to go back to the New York. If I were you, I wouldn’t do much travelling. Don’t want to look like you’re running, Stark.”
Clint snorted. “Yeah, the sordid details.” Natasha nudged his knee with her foot and widened her eyes at him in warning. He winced, but didn’t take back what he said.
Something Coulson said pinged in Steve's mind.
Tony’s choked back a laugh. “You’re the DIRECTOR- you have the highest security clearance in this entire agency. How can you be denied making an amendment to an agent’s file?”
Tony paled and muttered something about going back to his lab. Steve silently reached for his shoulder and gave a gentle squeeze then ran his hand up and down his back to give him a reminder that they were going back upstairs to talk.
Steve backed away, “Don’t call me that. You don’t get to call me that anymore.”
“Still sure you don’t want that lawyer?” Hill continued.
“What are the locations? Nat and I could put our ears to ground for some chatter and see if we can narrow it down even more,” Clint chimed in.
Tony scoffed. “I’ve seen some of your ‘best scientists’ work and we’re not getting any younger.” Steve sent a reproachful eyebrow his way, but he ignored it. It was well known that Tony didn’t hold SHIELD’s brightest minds in the highest regard. “Send all the info to my StarkPad and Bruce and I will give it a going over. Maybe if it looks interesting enough we’ll grace you with our presence to see it in person. If they were making a super powered waffle iron- as much as Thor would love that- we’ll bug out. Weapons of mass destruction get a personal visit by yours truly, though.”
The trio made their way to Coulson’s office and, as they approached, the science bros were hit by a sense of déjà vu. Sure enough, coming through the closed door were sounds of a familiar argument and a very familiar voice. His PA- Tony didn’t even know SHIELD used personal assistants- buzzed in to let the Director know that there were Avengers waiting to speak with him. As soon as the message was sent, they could hear Agent Serafin demand to be able to speak with “fucking Stark.” Steve furrowed his brows and sent a questioning glance at Tony, who shrugged and averted his gaze. He was just happy that the sound of her voice didn’t send him into another fit. Tony was torn- on one hand, he wanted to confront her so he could figure out what it was about her that rubbed him the wrong way, but on the other hand, he wanted nothing more than to speed walk (Tony Stark didn’t run unless something with teeth was chasing him) out of the facility and put as much distance between himself and the furious agent as he possibly could. Fight or flight at its finest.
Steve started to move as though to get off the bed and help him, but then seemed to think better of approaching.
“We can work together,” Tony cut in. He dared to look at her for the first time since entering the room and immediately regretted it. While not as overwhelming as it had been the first time, he still felt a wave of anxiety wash over him when he saw her face. “Your notes on these devices are impressive, and we could-“
“You’re not a murderer-“
Steve brought his head up and angrily brushed away another tear that had escaped.
Steve was about to move forward again- he’d chase Tony around the room if he had to- when a loud knock on the glass door interrupted them.
This time there was no hesitance and JARVIS’ voice carried a note of insistence when he said, “I have no doubt that you are neither a murderer nor an adulterer, Sir.”
The agents looked about to lower their weapons entirely when Steve spoke up. “What? Absolutely not. That’s ridiculous, Tony didn’t murder anyone!” The agents reconsidered and kept their guns up.
“You have a new text message from the contact named ‘Dr. Satan’ waiting to be viewed.”
“We got, um, distracted.” Another blush.
Other than a depiction of an anxiety attack, there shouldn't be any triggering content in this chapter.
No triggering content in this chapter.
“Tony! Tony, shhhh, baby, it’s me. It’s Steve. I’m sorry,” he said, as he moved within arms-reach, wanting to comfort but not knowing how because he didn’t know what he did wrong. This wasn’t anything different from how their evenings usually went. Granted it moved along a bit faster than most nights, but it was Tony who had set the pace to begin with. “Tony what’s wrong? Baby, shhhh… It’s okay. We’ll stop.” But Tony seemed inconsolable. “JARVIS, what do I do? What happened? Did I do something?” The idea that Steve himself was the reason Tony was so upset during such an intimate moment made him frantic.
Tony spent the night in an orange jumpsuit on a stiff cot, under a thin blanket, in a cold cell. He dreamt of children playing jump rope and singing. He dreamt of warm fire on a winter night. He dreamt of blood and metal, and a man’s voice saying,
A little over four hours later, Tony heard the tell-tale swish of his lab door open and looked over to see Steve making his way over the table he was seated at with two cups of coffee in his hands. “Morning, handsome. Ooo, you brought me more nectar of the Gods. You’re a life-saver, DUM-E’s concoction has an ominous metallic taste to it though JARVIS assures me it shouldn’t be toxic.”
Steve and Tony shut their respective doors, the blonde shaking his head as though in wonder of how he got stuck with these man-children as his family, and followed the grumpy scientist. Bruce was at least kind enough to hold the sliding, automated door for them. Though, that may have been more so JARVIS.
Tony stood up and followed her wordlessly. The toilet paper that had been used to staunch the blood from the cut over his collar bone hidden in his jumpsuit. When he used the restroom before being released to meet Pepper in the waiting area, he flushed it. If anyone asked about the few drops on the jumpsuit, he’d say he got a nosebleed.
----------
“I’d say your chances of being cleared of all charges just dramatically increased.”
“Ah, so Justin Hammer is out of prison and hanging out with Christine Everhardt again? Smart man, they’ll pay a lot for this story. Though neither of them are the type I’d expect to see surrounded by sand dunes. Were they marooned?”
After getting out of his own shower and feeling a little more human, Tony asked JARVIS again for the location of the others.
A loud, blaring horn echoed through the penthouse, startling Tony and making his hands reflexively fly up to his ears. He felt the pull of the superglue and butterfly closures pull on his injured skin and the pain and alarm jolted him from the brink of consciousness. As quickly as the sound came, it dissipated. “I’m sorry, Sir, I didn’t know what else to do to keep you from hysteria. Please breathe with me. In, 2, 3, 4, 5. Out, 2, 3, 4, 5. In, 2, 3, 4, 5. Out, 2, 3, 4, 5… very good.”
She quickly tucked her hands into the pocket of her lab coat and gave a tentative smile, obviously meant to reassure him. “No. No, it’s fine. It didn’t happen here. I’d have let you know. I cut it on the bed frame at the motel. Damn place is a death trap.” This time she didn’t seem so truthful. After a brief pause, she said, “Don’t worry I’ll wear a glove on it to make sure I don’t contaminate any of your other projects.”
“I’m not that kind of guy anymore.”
Tony hesitated, wracking his brain trying to decipher what that could mean. Did he just need some alone time to process everything the team had undoubtedly assured him of? Or was he steeling himself for a fight? Should Tony leave him alone or would wallowing in the events of the last 48 hours put Steve more on edge? He decided that the best bet would be to go to the team and get their opinions as to how best to proceed. They’d have a better idea of his mental state.
Coulson sighed, obviously aware of Steve's distress.
“Steve-“ Natasha reached out and placed a comforting hand on his arm but he shrugged it off.
Rhodey.
Bruce started. “That’s weird. She’s been here on time the last two days. Has she left a message explaining why she’s late?” He checked his own phone and Steve decided to check his as well. “Nothing. You, Steve?”
“For the record,” Bruce spoke up, “I have absolutely NO desire to know if anyone’s carpet matches anyone’s drapes.”
Coulson sighed. “There’s a note in your file that clearly states that for whatever reason you and Mr. Stark are not to work together. Unfortunately, it wasn’t until I was preparing the clearances this afternoon that I made the discovery after our computer system denied granting the clearance to him based solely on the fact that you would be in the same lab, working on the same project, at the same time. By the time I found out, they would’ve already been most of the way here and it was too late to call to cancel until it could be rescheduled. The best I could do was deny access to Agent Hnatko’s (Trunchbull, Tony’s mind supplied) key card to keep Mr. Stark out of the lab until it could be rectified.”
“Don’t talk with your mouth full.”
Depositing their loads, the three Avengers took their leave and Steve made to follow them when Coulson laid a gentle hand on his shoulder and guided him back. A look at Hill from the Director had her round up her four agents and leave the room with their meager personal belongings they’d brought to tide them over while they went to get settled in the temporary quarters Steve had designated for them. Normally, finding rooms for their guests would be Tony’s job. Steve took a look at their small duffels and clenched his jaw. Small duffels meant short missions. They weren’t anticipating this being a long process. In their minds, they already knew who the murderer was.
“Containment? Like control collars?”
Tony stayed still, not responding. He didn’t know if he’d get a word in anyway before she’d interrupt or assault him again. This time, though, she actually seemed to be waiting for an answer.
Tony absently itched at his collar bone, then winced when he felt the sting reminding him of the deep cut there. He pulled away the neckline of the t-shirt and looked down to see that it had started to bleed again. Fortunately, it didn’t look like it needed stitches. As he released his shirt, he caught a whiff of himself and almost gagged. He tried to remember the last time she showered- Thursday morning, maybe? Gross.
Agent Serafin stepped forward, turning her glare from Tony to Bruce. “Are you insinuating that I’m HYDRA? That’s a pretty serious accusation to make, Dr. Banner. I’ll have you know, my father worked for SHIELD and before that the SSR to try to wipe that Nazi scum off the face of the planet. How dare you! I-“
Still turned to his left, his eyes trailed up from the shaving kit to the corner of the shower stall. He couldn’t see the shower in its entirety and he was too tired to move his head, so he let his eyes focus on the contents on the corner shelf- a lone bottle of lavender scented Old Spice body wash. Steve had picked it up for him when he was last out shopping, saying that it might help him unwind at night. “J, where is Steve?”
A tear escaped that Rhodey couldn’t see from the other side of the world and few moments of silence. “We were talking. Just talking. That’s the truth. But it doesn’t matter. You’re not going to believe me, anyway. JARVIS, end call.”
Bruce thought to call her out on what he suspected was a lie, but decided to let it go. Instead he gave her a kind smile, thanked her for the tea she’d brought him, and promised to deliver the message and the coffee.
After a few minutes, Steve nodded again and made to stand. Thor managed to make himself vertical first and reached out a helping hand to pull him up, then clapped a hand on his shoulder and pulled into what Tony had dubbed once a “bro hug.” The rest followed and they made their way to the elevator.
“Wait, Tony doesn’t know the code?”
Tony tip-toed into the adjacent bathroom, waiting until the door was securely shut before whispering, “JARVIS, lights to 50%.” As the room brightened, he grabbed a towel from the rack and wedged it against the bottom of the door to block the light from showing through the crack between it and the floor, stopping it from making its way into the bedroom.
Steve’s chuckle turned into a belly laugh and he pulled Tony into a hug, resting his chin on the top of the shorter man’s head. He was mindful of the fact that Tony still held some pointy-looking tools in his hands, but he was also about 50% sure that he wouldn’t start poking at him in retaliation. Tony relaxed into his arms for a few seconds but then proved that the half-and-half odds weren’t in Steve’s favor as he delivered a light jab with a dull handle to his ribs and stepped away, turning back to the bits and pieces of tech on the workstation.
Steve heaved a sigh of relief. “Sweetheart, can I come closer?” He slowly reached behind himself and pulled a large towel from the warming bar. “I have a towel, we can warm you up. You must be cold sitting on the tile floor.”
“Don’t be an ass. Tony. What were you doing at that motel?”
So tired…
Tony sighed and Steve walked up to him again, bracketing the engineer’s arms with his hands and running them up and down to soothe him. “Let’s go eat. Then we’ll go upstairs and talk some more, ok?”
Shit. “Does the team know I’m home?”
The cowboy looking for the last Twinkie? That would be me, except my goal would be Starbucks. Forcing an addict to go without their crutch is cruel and unusual punishment. It’s a sickness, I need my medicine.” Tony couldn’t stop his mouth. That tended to happen when he was nervous.
“Ok, easy guys. Just calm down. Let’s not shoot first and ask questions later, okay? We’re on the same side,” Tony tried to diffuse the situation. Coulson, surprisingly nonplussed that his childhood hero had five guns pointed at him, raised his arm and slowly gestured for Hill and his other men to lower their weapons but keep them at the ready. The Avengers responded in kind, though both sides knew they could all easily kill each other in a fraction of a millisecond if things turned sour. Tony hoped to keep things looking sweet and made sure to keep his hands up. “So, what brings you all to our humble abode this fine morning? I’d offer you breakfast, but with Thor and Cap there’s no such thing as leftovers.”
“Then why did you bring a group who’s already decided?”
“Captain Rogers, Miss Romanoff, Mr. Barton, Dr. Banner, and Thor are currently in the sparring corner of the gym.”
Realizing the sound was JARVIS and that the black was receding from his vision, he tried to follow the instructions. It took about 5 minutes until he finally felt as though he wasn’t about to pass out, but it worked.
“Are they training?
Steve watched from the bed as the evenings events played out behind Tony’s eyes and he noticed the moment Tony remembered EXACTLY what had happened. “Baby, it’s alright. You had an anxiety attack. It’s nothing to be ashamed of.” Steve moved again to get off the bed, but this time Tony stopped him by putting up his own hands.
Still sprawled on the floor, Tony tried to think back to what had transpired that night. He remembered the meeting at the diner. Rushing home to Steve with a guilty conscience and wanting nothing more than to feel his fiancé’s arms around him. The movie. The elevator. Their steamy love-making-
“Pshaw. If it’s that important, we’d both be summoned. It’s probably just Clint asking if you ate the last of the BBQ chips he was hiding.”
Despite Tony’s misgivings a few days ago, things were actually going very smoothly working with Dr. Serafin. That was probably because they weren’t actually working “together,” per se- more like they were each working on two different puzzles then giving them to Bruce and JARVIS to piece the two halves together. Even with her first being only half a day, having started right after her arrival, their system was so seamless by the end of it that they haven’t yet needed to communicate after Dr. Serafin left at 5pm to go back to her motel. She obviously continued working after hours, as did he, then they dumped it on poor Bruce in the morning and he made it look like a cohesive unit.
There was definite hesitance this time before JARVIS answered. “Director Coulson asked Captain Rogers for the use of Avengers Tower as a base of operations while they conduct their investigation into Doctor Serafin’s death. The Captain acquiesced.”
Sorry it took so long to post a new chapter- I really struggled with this one. This is more story building and less horror- hope it doesn't disappoint!
“Sir, please-.”
What he found in said kitchen was not what he was expecting.
“Tony-“
Steve set the mugs down on the table, Tony already knowing that the one shaped like the Iron Man helmet was his and reaching to grab it.
“… called ahead, they’re expecting us…”
Agent Serafin, who most definitely was NOT part of that inner circle and who believed the lies spread by the media, was silenced by her anger at Tony. The thought that she was going to lose custody of her research because he couldn’t keep his dick in his pants was enough to make her see red.
Tony smirked and used the hand Steve was still holding to stabilize himself as he moved out of his chair and onto Steve’s lap, straddling him. After getting settled, Steve let go as Tony used both hands to cup his face and started planting kisses all over, finally ending on his lips. “You have the patience of a saint. One of the many things I love about YOU.” Another kiss, longer and dirtier this time. Steve’s hands bracketed Tony’s hips, keeping him firmly in place. “Saint Steve, my hero.” Kiss. “Having you seated by my side lulled me into a sense of security. Forgot all about HYDRA.” Kiss. “Your fault, really.” Steve growled and ground his hips up against Tony’s. “Well, that’s not very Saint-like.” Tony rutted back against Steve, then starting trailing kisses along his jaw and down his neck, leaving love nips then soothing them with his tongue. He felt Steve’s arousal growing against his own and heard his breathing hitch then increase ‘til he was almost panting. “You know, we never got to finish what we started yesterday morning.”
“Please, don’t-“ Tony choked on a sob.
Still no response. Then Tony remembered that Coulson had shut him down prior to his arrest and headed up to the lab. He hoped he would run into someone in the elevator or hallways, but there was no one.
Another pause. “Of course, Captain.” The elevator resumed.
“I-,” he stammered, “what?”
Tony tried to calm his shaking hands as he got into his fastest Audi and headed out to the diner.
“It was during the same phone conversation, Sir.”
Brown eyes snapped front and center, finally meeting blue. His posture stiffened, his arms ramrod straight at his sides.
“It’s something that all humans are capable of, yes. I’ve been monitoring you closely, though, Sir, and perhaps you’d feel better to know you never actually lost consciousness. Your pride is still intact.”
An agent walked in with a cup of coffee- sans cream or sugar, but whatever- and placed in the middle of the table without a word, then left. Tony picked it up trying to absorb the warmth. He hoped the two people in the room with him didn’t see his hands shake, but he doubted they missed it. They were spies, after all. He took a tentative sip, which scalded his tongue and couldn’t suppress a wince. It was horrible, but he needed the caffeine to stay awake and beggars couldn’t be choosers. “What are you implying?”
The door opened to the communal floor and everyone besides Steve stepped out, giving him comforting half-smiles as the door shut. He released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding as the elevator continued the climb. All of a sudden, it stopped at a point that he knew was between floors. “JARVIS?”
As she gave her little apology speech, Bruce paid close attention to see if she was genuine. He was pleased to see that she seemed to mean it, but was a bit worried by the dark circles under her eyes and the pallor of her skin. In the few days she’d been here, she seemed to be quickly succumbing to exhaustion. As he took the carrier from her hands, he noticed her right hand had a large bandage wrapped around it and there appeared to be a tiny bit of blood seeping through. “What happened to your hand? Did you get hurt in the lab?”
The second photo looked like it was taken on the same night, Steve and Tony wearing the same clothing as in the first. This one was of the whole team- they must’ve recruited someone else to take the picture. A waitress, maybe? It looked like they were in a restaurant. There’ve been many nights like this, so it was difficult to remember exactly. Natasha took the photo off the fridge and smiled at it. Everyone looked so happy, smiling genuine smiles that sometimes seemed so hard to come by. Thor was on one end, holding a beer stein in the air. He probably smashed it after and demanded another. Next to him was Steve who had his arm around Tony. This time he was the one gazing lovingly at the other. Tony’s smile was the brightest of the bunch. He had one arm around Steve’s waist and the other around Bruce’s shoulders, who looked very relaxed despite the boisterous surroundings. Usually Bruce shied away from such loud get-togethers, but that night he looked to be in his element. Next to Bruce was Natasha herself. She held a martini to her lips and had an eyebrow arched. Then making up the other end of their Avengers sandwich was Clint, who was being his usual goofball self. He had his shades on and was making some sort of ‘hardcore metal’ face with his tongue sticking out and his hand in a ‘rock on’ gesture.
Tony put his head in his hands, trying to figure out where to go from here. He hoped the team was succeeding in trying to calm Steve down. The fact that he’d sparred with them first was a good thing- he’d get his frustration out and then the team would talk some sense into him, explain that Tony would never cheat on him. Even though he had thrown out on the helicarrier shortly after they met that he was “genius, billionaire, PLAYBOY, philanthropist,” the team had quickly noticed that his playboy days had been over, that they’d ended after he returned from Afghanistan. He still flirted but in the time between his relationship with Pepper and his relationship with Steve he’d never brought a lover home. They’d all been to galas and ceremonies together, where they’d see women and the occasional man throw themselves at him only to be politely declined. Clint had joked that he was losing his edge, but the truth was that at the time Tony had been more interested in a certain super soldier whom Natasha had hinted might be reciprocating. They would remind him that it was TONY who’d proposed first, that it was STEVE that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. “Always and Forever”- that was the endearment they always used when they were being particularly sappy and it was as true now as ever.
Hill pulled a pair of cuffs from her belt.
“We’ll never be done, so might as well stop now and have a chat with Coulson about seeing if we can take this with us.” Tony, not settled with a quick peck on the top of the head and needing his love’s comfort, stood up and leaned into Steve’s chest, tilting his face up for a proper kiss.
“Just now. Where do think we’ve been for two hours? The Avengers followed us here in the QuinJet, we decided to talk to them first. Steve says that you went to a dinner meeting with investors, or at least that’s what you had told him. We showed him the video of you at the motel-“ Tony winced, “and he was still insistent that there was a mistake. We gave Pepper Potts a call-“ at that, he groaned, “and surprise, surprise, there was no dinner meeting. He was quite upset by that.”
“Sir, the protocol was activated by Captain Rogers.” If an AI could sound despondent, JARVIS nailed it.
Steve knew that they’d have to talk. But not right now.
“You now have 6 te- you now have 7 text messages and 2 voicemails from Director Coul- you now have 8 text messages and 2 voicemails from Director Coulson, Sir. I strongly suggest you answer them.”
Within about five minutes, they approached yet another door, this one a double to accommodate larger incoming and outgoing loads, with the same locking mechanism. Only this time when the agent swiped their badge a little red light blinked and it made a very unhappy sound. The agent swiped again, but again the little red light blinked. Instead of wasting any more time, the agent reached up to a phone that was hooked up to the adjacent wall and started speaking without dialing a number- a direct line to… someone. Gandalf, maybe? You shall not pass and all that jazz. After barely speaking any words, the agent had a momentary flicker of surprise in her eyes before going back to a calm, devoid-of-all-emotion demeanor, but it was enough to tell Tony that something unusual was going on. She hung up the phone and turned to Tony and Bruce, who at this point had already picked up on something being off and made his way up so he was even with Tony in case trouble occurred. They were a paranoid bunch, Bruce even more so when it came to SHIELD. Finding out that people who asked for your help also built a glass prison to house you if they pissed you off could do that to a guy.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, right. It’s either the calm before the storm or she’s scared shitless after realizing just what group of people she pissed off.”
Steve hastened his steps even more and didn’t pause before walking through the glass lab door that JARVIS had kindly opened for him as he approached. The door swooshed shut behind him and the glass darkened into privacy mode. He only slowed as he got nearer to the pacing scientist who looked to not even notice him yet. Steve waited a moment before clearing his throat.
Tony looked up from the ring and the memories to look Steve in the eyes. There was no love there- no warmth. Nothing that he’d seen that night on the roof. He saw only anguish, pain and betrayal. And hatred. They weren’t the same baby blues he’d fallen in love with. And the words- those horrible, hurtful words that Tony would have NEVER thought Steve would ever say to him- were burned into his mind.
Tony sighed. “Look, she sent me a text last night saying that she thought Fury had another reason for keeping us separated and asked me to meet her at the Avenue Diner to discuss it. Ever the one for Fury conspiracy theories, I agreed. We met there, I think it was a little after 7:00, had a few cups of coffee and talked.”
“Tony.”
He stood up and turned the water back on. “Good. JARVIS, wake up the bots and put DUM-E on coffee duty. Keep an eye on him, make sure he doesn’t add any motor oil again. I’m gonna brush my teeth, throw on some shoes and head down to the garage to start bringing boxes up to the lab.”
There was no mistaking the voice the answered after the second ring. “To what do I owe the pleasure, Director?” Straight to the point was always Nick Fury’s style. “Judging by the echo, I’d say this isn’t a private conversation.” He also never missed a beat.
----------
Tony was still staring at the screen of the StarkPad, trusting his fiancé to make sure he didn’t fall flat on his face when he heard Steve ask if they wanted him to drive.
“Only guilty people need a criminal defense lawyer and I’m innocent.”
When he deserved it.
“Obviously it wasn’t bullshit, seeing as how just three days later we have proof of you having an affair with her.”
Taken aback by his teammate’s obvious hostility, Tony took a step away from the table and raised his hands in a show of submission. “Easy there, Legolas.” Clint scowled at the nickname. “Yesterday was a roller-coaster ride, I have no idea how Steve might’ve taken it. But it’s just a huge misunderstanding. You KNOW I would never cheat on him and so does he.” Tony took in the disbelieving looks from everyone. Well, everyone except Bruce who continued to study the orange. He started to panic. “You all know that, RIGHT? No one here actually believes what Coulson and Hill said. Please tell me you don’t believe them. Please, PLEASE, tell me you’ve talking some sense into him and not-“
A few floors above Steve's head, Tony sat in a similar defeated posture on the closed lid of the lab toilet. He had a towel still wrapped around his arm, trying to stop the blood from seeping through the two edges skin barely held together by superglue and sheer determination. From his perch, he didn't hear the locks on the bullet-proof cases surrounding each suit of armor click into place, barring them from creator.
“Oh my God, Stark.” Even Natasha was red-faced at this point.
“Yes, she believes that the device is related to some other tech we recovered on a previous raid a few months ago. You said earlier that you think this-“ pointing to the ‘waffle iron’- “is a remote control. She agrees and believes that is has to do with these devices over here.” Coulson led them to a rolling tray with what looked like alien blue tooth headphones, the kind that hang off the back the wearer’s neck.
THIS CHAPTER CONTAINS WHAT COULD BE CONSIDERED TRIGGERING CONTENT- Read at your own discretion
“Dr. Serafin has not come in yet, Dr. Banner,” JARVIS intoned.
Tony seemed to hesitate again, but then loosened his posture and bit and leaned into the warm chest in front of him. “Yeah, ok.”
“Why? It looks like you two already ate.” Clint, recovered from his defeat, nodded towards the love bites that littered both of their necks and leered.
“I kept if from him because I knew he would be mad if I met up with her, or even try to stop me. But I had questions and she was offering answers. I’m a scientist, the desire to figure things out is ingrained in my DNA.”
“Don’t. Don’t joke like that. Not while you’re being investigated for murder, Christ!”
- he sent back.
JARVIS’ soft reply made a warmth bloom in Tony’s chest. JARVIS, DUM-E, U, and Butterfingers may have been made of nuts and bolts with some clever programming thrown into the mix, but they had more heart and soul than most humans he’d come across.
That garnered Tony a doubtful look and a head tilt.
“I thought that much would be obvious,” Fury continued. “Agent Serafin is a valuable asset to SHIELD. She came to us from the FBI shortly after you outed yourself as Iron Man. Her intelligence could give you a run for your money and given her family’s history with SHIELD, she’s loyal. I was also a friend of her father’s back when he was an agent.”
“Bruce already did. Gave her a stack of menus for every restaurant and deli in a 5 mile radius.”
“My apologies, Sir. You know what would help? Allowing me to contact Dr. Banner-”
Dr. Serafin isn't so bad, but Tony is.
Bruce gave Tony a quizzical look. “So, now YOU’RE on a first name basis with her?”
Tony sniggered at the mental image. “I almost feel bad for her. Almost.”
Clint, Nat and Thor, clearly sensing that there was an important story they were missing, stayed silent to find out what was going on.
Steve walked slowly into the bathroom, stopping right inside the door a few feet away. “Tony, Sweetheart, it’s just me, it’s Steve. I’m not going to hurt you. I love you. You’re safe with me. You’re home. You’re in our penthouse in Avenger’s Tower. You’re safe.”
“Tony, wa-.”
He was sitting on the floor between the counter cabinets and the toilet and decided to rest his head against the cool wood, take a few deep breaths, and close his eyes. Now that the offending pasta was out of his system he hoped his stomach would settle and he’d feel better enough to maybe make it out of the bathroom. Closing his eyes seemed to be a mistake though, as his mind played over the dream and his heart rate increased again.
“Sir returned to your shared penthouse a few minutes ago and is currently showering.”
Tony was gaping at Steve, his heart breaking in his chest and clutching the spot where the arc reactor had been for dear life. He couldn’t stop a tear from falling and trailing down his cheek. He tried one more time to make Steve see reason. “Please, Steve. I need you right now. I’m scared. There’s something-“ he took a deep breath, trying to stop his voice from shaking, “there’s something weird going on and I need your help. I know you’re angry and confused-“
“Thank God, Sour Patch, I was worried you were gonna leave me hanging. Or ringing. Or whatever.” Tony heaved a sigh, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet seat and feeling like his strings had been cut. Without even having said a word yet, his best and oldest friend was on the other side of the connected phone call was easing Tony’s pain.
“Sir, Captain Rogers would like me to inform you that dinner will be ready in 10 minutes and, I quote, ‘Your fine iron tush better be upstairs and seated at the table before the salad hits the sideboard,’” JARVIS announced.
Tony gave a derisive laugh, “That’s a new record for me, I think. No wonder I feel like an extra on ‘The Walking Dead.’ That nap I took in the car is going to have to tide me over for the day, I’m afraid. Is Steve still asleep? I didn’t wake him up, did I?”
Clint jumped to his friend’s defense. “Seriously. Tony had that com-.”
“Yes, but babies drool. You were definitely drooling. And honestly, that does seem to perfectly describe your sleeping habits.”
“Fine. We were wondering if the carpet matches the drapes in your suite. Apparently, that’s a very important part of home design in your realm. Though, personally I believe that as long as the color scheme is visually appealing-“
“Rho-“
Tony narrowed his eyes at him. “No one says ‘spittle’ anymore, Cap. And I don’t drool.”
JARVIS is not usually wrong, but this time he was. Steve continued talking to Tony in calm, reassuring tones, telling him that everything was alright, that he was safe. When reached out and touched his shoulder, however, Tony’s eyes flew open and he leapt from the bed. His legs tangled in the sheets and he fell hard onto the floor with a THUD, scurrying towards the bathroom on all fours. Steve followed him, worried he was going to shut the door and lock him out. Instead Tony went as far into the room as he could before hitting the wall caddy-corner to the toilet and sinking to the floor, bringing his knees to his chest and wrapping his arms around his legs. Steve hesitated at the door, not wanting to scare him even more, his mind trying to figure out what had made him react so badly. Tony had NEVER had an anxiety attack while they were making love.
“Let you what, Stark?”
Steve was seated on the sparring mat on the floor of the gym, his legs crossed at the ankles and knees brought up to his chest while his arms rested across the top, one hand holding the opposite wrist. His concerned teammates were seated in a circle around him, their postures tense and protective, trying to be reassuring.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Steve rubbed his eyes, bracing himself. “What can I do for you Director?”
Tony was still breathing erratically and had closed his eyes again. Steve kept talking, knowing that his love wasn’t seeing him- didn’t know what he was seeing, actually. For what felt like hours but was likely only a few minutes, Steve stayed where he was and repeated the platitudes over and over again before Tony’s body was only vibrating slightly instead of violently and his breathing slowed. It took another minute or two and some coaxing before he would open his eyes.
Clint turned around to look. “I now it’s been awhile since you did the whole team dinner thing, Stark, but you didn’t have to get dressed up on our account.”
After about 5 minutes, the angry yelling grew slightly louder and they could finally pick up snippets of words, mostly things like ‘MY project’ and ‘asshole.’ Things grew quiet again as finally the door opened and Coulson and a very angry female SHIELD scientist stepped out. Tony started at her shoes and worked his eyes up as he took stock of the woman to see if she was a threat. By the time he reached her eyes, he could tell that she took his appraisal of her the wrong way- most people did, which didn’t help his reputation as a notorious womanizer, but he never let it bother him. It was best that people assumed he was thinking of sex when in truth he could tell a lot about people, including their weaknesses, within the first few moments of meeting them. It helped to be underestimated in his line of work.
Tony felt his pulse quicken a bit, but took a few deep breaths to squash his panic. He’d managed to go two and half days without an incident by avoiding the woman. Nothing nefarious had happened by being in the same building as Dr. Serafin and Bruce even seemed to have a taken a little bit of a liking to her.
----------
Bruce spoke up. “Why don’t I make some lunch and we get some food in that enhanced and perpetually empty stomach of yours? You must be hungry. Can’t have our fearless leader collapsing on us, now could we?”
Natasha and Clint, familiar with SHIELD’s practices, both tensed. Coulson may have had his arms to his sides, but Hill and the other agents had their hands on their sidearms. Steve noticed too and took a step closer to Tony, ready to defend him if the need arose. The way his hand clenched told the team he was itching for his shield. Thor recognized the aggressive postures as the five agents stood ready to arm themselves and gestured to call his hammer, the move hidden from the view of their uninvited guests since he stood halfway behind Clint. Apparently Coulson could sense it even if he couldn’t see it and said, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you, Thor.”
“- but it was the only thing I could think of to snap you out of it.”
“No, but Thor has something to ask you guys. Thor?”
Tony looked anguished. His eyes said he wanted to talk but his body still looked ready to bolt. Steve held his breath.
The sound of the connecting line that followed him to the bathroom rang for what felt like the hundredth time, though was probably only the fifth or sixth since Tony knew Rhodey’s phone always went to voicemail on the seventh, and finally clicked with an answer. The shaving kit went momentarily forgotten.
“Were the investors unhappy about something?”
“JARVIS, what the hell was SHIELD doing here? Did they arrest Thor now, and accuse him of drowning puppies?”
“Enough, Clint,” Steve sighed, closing the fridge door with his foot as he carried another pound of bacon in one hand and the entire egg carton in the other over to the cook top. “We’re not discussing our sex life over breakfast.”
Tony finally composed himself enough to give Thor a pat on the shoulder. “Well, Thor, as someone who has a lot of experience with interior design and carpets-“
----------
“Yes, sir. We’ve been trying to come to an agreement but the restriction on clearances has caused some issues.”
Steve had to admit, he had no idea what movie they’d chosen; he was too engrossed in his concerns about the man in front of him. He thinks it has something to do with using magic to rob banks. It honestly sounded kind of silly to him. “Uhhh…”
Tony at least looked sheepish. “It was on my end. I’m sorry I can’t be more help than that.”
“You have proof of me being in her motel room, not proof of an affair.”
Bruce shook his head. “You are absolutely obscene. And I’m pretty sure you’re marrying your actual favorite.” He hesitated. “Also, you should know, the coffee isn’t from me, it’s from Angela.”
“Don’t you dare,” Tony growled out between shallow pants. “Don’t you dare tell anyone. JARVIS, activate protocol 121-“
Tony turned away from the window and looked up the ceiling- a habit he picked up from Steve. “What,” he asked, breathless.
Steve was not standing anywhere near the front door to the penthouse, in fact, he wasn’t even in the building- sort of. He was actually on the landing pad on the roof, helping Coulson, Hill, and a pair of unnamed SHIELD agents as they unloaded their equipment and whatever else they felt they needed while they were in the tower for the duration of the investigation into Agent Serafin’s murder. He thought they’d actually packed kind of light, until the helicopter they’d arrived in lifted off and another one, this one filled to the brim with boxes and another pair of agents, took its place. They made quick work of that as well and Steve couldn’t help looking up to see if yet another one would be filling the vacancy again.
“Well, did you see something?” He turned on the water in the sink and submerged the gash to clean it, letting the cool water sooth his forearm and palm. Leaving his arm under the stream, he opened up the medicine cabinet above his head and started to gingerly pull out gauze, tape and butterfly closures, careful of the other afflicted hand. He was about to shut the cabinet when he saw the super glue and grabbed that as well.
Click the Kudos button! Better yet, leave a comment with your theories! Constructive criticism is also welcome.
Tony still had his arms raised and turned to look at the other Avengers, their faces showing varying stages of shock and upset. Bruce, in particular, looked like a deer in the headlights and Steve looked angry. The ones with weapons still held them at the ready, waiting to see how Tony was going to react.
“Good idea, let’s go to bed,” Tony said, getting up quickly from the couch and grabbing Steve’s hand to pull him up.
Coulson and Hill stood up, making their way to the door. Before they left, Coulson sent a parting shot over his shoulder. “I’m not worried about that. Someone will be by shortly to take you to your cell. I hope orange is a good color on you. I know it is on your Audi.”
Tony muttered, “Smartass.” After spitting dramatically a few more times, he leveled a glare at Bruce. “So you’re on a first name basis with her now? Two days and you abandon me for a pretty face.”
Steve started. He wasn’t sure. Since JARVIS was back up and running, it might be safe to presume that Tony was in the lab but he couldn’t be sure. It’d been a few minutes since JARVIS had told him that he was looking for him. He could be waiting for this very elevator to take him to the gym. He cleared his throat. “Where is Tony, JARVIS?”
“—ny, wake up.
“Ata’s been pushing me to say something for—”
running a company, all on your own? You’re perfect. How did I ever give you up?”
Tony holds up both hands, smiling at Peter, who scowls back. But Tony refuses to be sorry for worrying about his only son going on his first overnight field trip. It’s been just the two of them since before Peter was even born. And this would be the first time they’d been apart more than a few hours in fifteen years. So even if he wasn’t an omega, Tony feels like he’d be entitled to a little parental panic.
years, and now you think you can just waltz in here like everything’s cool and just expect me to work alongside you? What the
“Ned has it.”
“Not my fault you’re such a distraction in the field. I love watching you fight.”
, Steve?”
Tony’s entire plan to be calm and mature goes out the window as soon as he walks back into his office and sees Steve standing there.
“Shit. JARVIS, lights down to twenty percent please.”
The kiss only lasts a handful of seconds, but it leaves both of them dazed and grinning like fools. Tony settles back down against Steve’s chest, and together they watch the memories that Tony had captured play out on the wall, the room overflowing with the scents of warm and happy alpha and omega.
He hears an almighty roar, then slams hard into something big. And then everything goes black.
The blonde startles, eyes widening as a tentative smile spreads across his face.
But this feels different.
Steve lets out a fierce growl that echoes through the room. He shifts his hands to cradle Tony’s face. “There is nothing messy or broken about you. And I know I don’t deserve it, but if you’d let me, I will spend every minute of the rest of my life showing you.”
Why in the hell had Steve suddenly decided he wanted a position that would force him to work alongside the omega he had abandoned fifteen years ago?
But as he gets to know Steve, the
“It seems unprofessional for you to technically be an SI employee if you’re going to be sleeping with the head of the company.”
The distraction that is all of Steve and Ata costs him. Dearly.
to go and get that promotion. Couldn’t be happy spending the rest of his career as our liaison.”
When her computer dings, she sends off her response with just one sentence.
“What does that worthless nothing have to do with this?”
Steve is out of his seat and around to Tony’s side of the desk before he can even think about what he’s doing and whether it’s appropriate or not, his instincts leading him as he recognizes the scent of distressed omega. He sits on the edge and reaches out to tug the smaller man up and against his chest. Surprisingly, Tony goes without resistance.
That’s Steve’s voice. Steve’s here? In his room?
Another chuckle. “Yeah, months. I was… afraid. But not as afraid as I was watching you fall out of the sky. The suit was falling so fast, I knew no one would get there in time. And then Ata just… appeared. You hit her pretty hard, and Helen thinks it knocked you out. Better than hitting the pavement. You’ve got a pretty nasty concussion and a whole lot of bruising.”
He was damn sure going to find out.
“Hmm?”
He pushes off the wall and stands up, Darcy following with a whole lot more grace, and he hands her back the tablet. She watches him straighten his jacket and do his best to smooth out his hair that’s gone wild from the number of times he’d run his fingers through it.
The last item on the agenda makes warmth spread through his chest. He had established the Maria Stark House for Omegas during his pregnancy with Peter, and once a month he goes over to help cook and serve dinner to the residents and their children. Most of the men and women living there have been recently separated from their alphas, whether by death or by choice, and have no support system to catch them. Many are in various stages of pregnancy, and some come with small children clinging to them. The Maria Stark House provides support and housing either until the baby is born or until they’re back on their feet.
Peter’s phone beeps, and he glances at it before zipping up his backpack and slipping it onto his back. “Ned and his parents are here.”
. He’s not nice because he has to be, he’s not pleasant for show, he’s not charitable and kind for praise. It’s obvious almost from the get go that he cares about people, and he enjoys caring
little boy, grow up.
“Language, Cap.”
Tony flinches back like he’s been slapped, and he’s not sure which of them is more surprised by Steve’s outburst. But his surprise quickly twists into anger. “That’s bullshit and you know it.”
. It’s an effort to force his eyes open, and he immediately slams them shut again when the light in the room makes his head pound.
He feels a sharp jab to his chest, and Steve leans back a little to rub at the spot and pout down at Tony, who’s glaring at him.
“Hey, Tony.”
“Do you have your inhaler?”
. He’s the best parts of both of us. JARVIS, give us some pictures up on the wall, please?”
“Tony…”
Tony groans, dropping his head back to stare at the ceiling before scrubbing his hands over his face. “Rhodey just
Darcy rears back like he just punched her in the gut, and she stares at him in wide-eyed shock for a minute. Her features soften as she shifts onto her knees and reaches out with both hands to grip his shoulders. “Oh, Tony. Wow, what a shock. That is some kind of wild—”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Liar. You refuse to let him out of your sight!”
“Then
“Because I wasn’t good enough for you!”
Tony does the only logical thing.
He starts eating better, because Steve keeps bringing meals to the workshop. He adopts better sleeping habits, because it makes Steve look more relaxed in the mornings. He starts sparring with Steve more often, because it makes the blonde look less worried in the field. He invites Steve out to do things with him, because watching the smile and awe on the other man’s face as he experiences everything the New York of today has to offer brings Tony more joy than anything else in his wild life ever has.
“Hey, Tony?”
Darcy’s entire face practically screams how much she doesn’t believe anything that he’s just said, but she doesn’t try to stop him. What she does is give JARVIS specific instructions once Tony’s out of earshot.
“JARVIS, blackout mode in the boss’s office as soon as he shuts the door.”
Steve, unhindered by Loki and the Chitauri and that damn scepter, Tony’s shock at Ata’s size quickly fades into an almost laughably easy understanding. Because Steve is… he’s
So they become fast friends, best friends, closer than friends. And Tony is satisfied with what they are, he
Tony blinks, convinced for a second that he couldn’t possibly have heard correctly. But his brain reboots, and he can feel his cheeks hurting from how wide he’s smiling. He ignores the hurt, and the twin sighs of relief from the dragons in the room, and wiggles himself closer to Steve.
people.
“I know what I said. Trust me, I remember
“Did you pack clean underwear?”
still in the building?”
“Do I need to remind you how much you cried at the ceremony? I’m sure I could get JARVIS to project the video on the nearest wall if you just—”
Steve lifts the hand he’s still holding, bringing it up to his lips to press a soft kiss across the knuckles. The simple gesture makes Tony’s heart thunder in his chest.
The elevator opens without prompting, and the two Starks ride it down to the ground floor. Tony can see the Leeds’s car sitting at the curb, and Ned jumps out of the car as soon as they approach. The two boys perform some complicated handshake that even Tony’s genius brain can’t follow. He rolls his eyes, smiling fondly at the boys’ obvious bond, and goes around to the driver’s side to finalize details for picking up the boys at the school in a couple days with Ned’s father.
. So boring in fact, that Tony’s able to divide his attention between destroying the disgusting sewer monsters and watching Steve fight. The man is like poetry in motion, surprising Tony every time with just how graceful he is in battle. It’s beautiful, made even more so with Ata fighting beside him.
It only takes Steve a few minutes to assess the situation and bark out a battle plan, and then they all get to work. For a while, the fight is largely uneventful and, dare he say, almost
worthy, you big stupid alpha. All you had to do was love me to be worthy. I was the one who was lucky that you took a chance on such a messy, broken omega.”
Tony shifts again, and Steve moves quickly to help him sit up, propping him up on a small mountain of pillows. Tony reaches out a tentative hand, and his eyes light up in wonder when Ata pushes her head into the touch. He’s never touched another dragon, not even Rhodey’s or Pepper’s. There’s no stopping the tears that fill his eyes as he shifts his gaze to Steve’s earnest blue eyes.
Tony shudders at the promise in the alpha’s voice, and he presses his face against Steve’s chest to hide the tears gathering in his eyes. “I shouldn’t. Pepper’s gonna kill me. Rhodey’s gonna kill
Tony snorts. “You love having him underfoot. You spoil him almost as much as I do.”
“He’s beautiful, Tony. I can already tell what an amazing job you’ve done with him. I can’t wait to get to know him. And get to know you again.”
With a swipe of her finger, she clears the rest of Tony’s schedule, and heads down the hallway to her own office to await the email from Pepper requesting an explanation that she knows will be on the way before too long.
. And Peter will be an orphan before he turns sixteen. But…”
He can feel Tony trembling against his chest, so Steve shifts them around until he’s sitting in Tony’s ridiculously large desk chair and can pull the omega into his lap. Tony lets out an audible sigh, and Steve chuckles when he feels nimble fingers start unbuttoning the large buttons on his dress coat. He doesn’t resist, letting the omega push it off his shoulders and tug it free of his arms. When the coat is off, Steve wraps his arms around Tony and hugs him tight to his chest.
“How could I not be? Steve, you’re the best person I know. You care for all of us, you care for
A strange look crosses her face before she picks her tablet up off of the floor and starts scrolling through it. As she reads, Darcy’s face slowly changes from confused to startled before her pretty features twist into a mask of rage. It’s a look Tony very rarely sees on her face, and it makes him sit up straight.
, no matter how often Amalthea whispers in his ear at night that they’re
“Is this about Peter? We didn’t have to go through all this song and dance. I would have let you see him.”
“Wha—”
The first thing Tony hears is Amalthea’s hushed, frantic pleading. He can feel the bulk of her weight pressing him into the familiar softness of his bed, and he groans softly, as even shifting slightly draws his attention to the fact that his entire body
Steve tugs him close again, leaning down to press a kiss into his dark curls. “I’m so sorry, sweetheart. Brilliant, strong omega. Raising a kid
“Kiddo all packed off? Gonna be weird without him underfoot.”
“Yes.”
“You… you are?”
As he and Darcy approach his office, Tony can see a tall figure in what appears to be military dress through the frosted glass of the windows. “Darcy, why is there someone in my office already?”
Tony feels the bed dip at his side, and then there are two large, warm hands encasing his own. He blinks his eyes open again, sighing in relief at the much darker room, and it takes a second for them to focus on where Steve sits next to him. Amalthea pops up at Steve’s feet, resting her head forlornly on the other man’s knee. Tony frowns, because he can still feel the weight that he thought was his dragon pressing down on his belly. He shifts again, groaning as he gets a look at what’s weighing him down.
Tony sighs, breaking eye contact. “I was going to. The day you… the day you left, I had the test in my pocket. I just… never got the chance. When the media got wind that I’d had a child and the news was everywhere, there was no word from you. So I assumed you wanted nothing to do with us.”
The door opens silently as he steps inside. “Sorry to keep you waiting, captain. I had something that needed to be sorted and it couldn’t wait, so I—”
And just being in Ata’s presence fills Tony with a warmth like nothing he’s ever felt before.
?” Steve’s always been a pretty terrible liar, so Tony knows the shock on his face is real. He sits down behind his desk, feeling similarly off-kilter.
One large, calloused finger hooks under Tony’s chin and tips his head back so Steve can meet his eyes. “Tony, I want to make it clear that this isn’t just about sleeping together. When you’re ready, after I’ve groveled and worshipped you and done everything I can to earn back your trust and your love, I want to be your alpha. I want us to be a family. Permanently.”
, Tony, jeez. You’re thirty-five.” Darcy’s blue eyes soften, and she reaches out to squeeze his arm. “Look, I know Peter is your entire world, yadda yadda yadda. We all love him. But you deserve some happiness too.”
“This better, Tony?”
After the pictures, JARVIS starts up some of the home movies Tony’s taken of Peter over the years. Gradually, Steve can feel the omega growing more and more relaxed against him. He loses track of how much time passes before Tony speaks again.
“You’re not
“Captain Hottie in there is an entire
“Tony!”
Peter’s father.”
He rolls his eyes, crossing his arms and raising an eyebrow at the younger beta. “Darcy, I cannot sleep with our liaison. Pepper would string me up by my toes, and Peter is too young to be without a father. Besides, no hotshot army alpha is going to want to waste his time on an aging omega with a teenager.”
“I know.”
Those blue eyes meet his own again, and Tony lets himself get lost in them for the first time. The fluttering in his chest feels like it might be hope.
“Oh, don’t play stupid, Steve. It’s not a good look on you.”
Even after all this time, Tony still knows Steve Rogers’s face better than his own. How could he ever forget, when he’s spent the last fifteen years seeing those features reflected in his son’s face? A son that he’s spent nearly two decades raising
“Just because you’ve been off playing soldier for his entire life doesn’t mean you get to pretend he isn’t yours.”
to you and I don’t hear from you for fifteen
