“Like I said, it’s no problem. I just want you to get better, okay?” Tony said as he turned to look at everyone else in the room. He now noticed that there were two younger boys asleep in the chairs. Both were in their early teens, if not younger, and Tony figured that they were Bailey’s brothers.
“Okay,” Peter said as he leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Tony. “I love you dad,” He said, his voice hoarse as he spoke. “I love you, I’m sorry I can’t stay longer. I wish I could.” Peter said. He was so mad. Why did he always have to please one parent and make the other suffer? Why couldn’t things be a win-win for once?
“Tony, we’ve dealt with woman who claim to have your children before. You can’t just fall for-”
And Steve was right. Peter calmed down quickly, and by the time he was finished with his fit, Tony had collected a blood sample and had put a plain band aid on the wound.  Well, if this was how Peter acted towards a finger prick, Tony wasn’t sure how he was going to do anything else.
“Friday, where’s Tony?” the CEO asked as soon as she entered the building through the garage entrance.
“This is what we spent all day looking for?” Sam had asked.
Of Course he couldn't sleep.
The two stood there in shock, staring at each other before the girl rushed forward and gave Steve a hug.
So I had time on my hand today and I was so motivated by all your comments, so I whipped up a quick chapter. Sorry, I get excited easily. Honestly I haven't proof-read any of this, so I apologize.
“Good, I would hate for you to be stranded in some god forsaken time that’s not yours,” Tony said, giving the man a wink as he began to get out of the car. Steve saw this and quickly did so as well so now they were both standing outside of the car, looking at each other from opposite sides of the vehicle. “Take care of yourself Steve,” Tony then said as the quantum suit surrounded him.
When Tony awoke, Friday’s message was the first thing on his mind. He was a dad. No. he wasn’t a dad. He was the father to Peter. Honestly he had never doubted it, but hearing it confirmed was just a little unsettling.
“Yeah,” Steve said as he turned his body to look at the doors behind him. “They’re all sleeping now. We had an issue with a crying baby, but one of the girls got her calmed down,” Steve explained. “You’re kid was up for a while...but I think he tired himself out,” Steve said with a small shrug. “All of them have had a long night.”
“He’s not even the kids father and he’s willing to be with him, even if he’s exhausted,” Tony grumbled.
“How do you-?” Steve asked, his brows knitting together. He was simply at a loss for words.
“You watching
Once they were past the doors, though, the thought of Steve being there filtered away. Because now he could see the small children in each bed. All three were either asleep, or looked like they were on some sort of medication.
“I don’t want to know Rogers,” Tony said, but his tone was soft. “I don’t need to know,” Tony muttered, his hand still on Steve’s face. “But do we do it? Do we bring everyone back?” He asks.
They would cross that bridge when they got there.
It was a small location in the Olympic Peninsula area of Washington state. Once they arrived the three men spent most of the day navigating through the forest until they came upon a building that was no bigger than a small house.
“Nah,’ Tony said waving Pepper off. “I’m sure there is a toy in Peter’s room he could bring to play with. Or he can watch something on the tablet. I’ll have Friday download some games.”
For now Tony put the blood sample in the system so FRIDAY to process it. He may be tired, but he was eager to see if Peter was actually his son or not. It would be a bit of a wait, and all Tony wanted to do was change out of his clothes and take a nap.
“Master Peter, it’s good to see you,” a metallic voice rang out as soon as Peter entered the front Lobby. It was closed, but JARVIS must have seen him from the cameras outside and unlocked the door for him.
Baby steps.
“Not helping friday,” Tony said through his teeth. Suddenly Tony couldn’t hold it in anymore and his body convulsed as he leaned away from the stinky mess and let out a horrible gagging noise.
The file suddenly fell to the floor and papers scattered everywhere as Steve sharply looked up at Sam.
“Not a problem ma’am,” Steve’s voice sounded from behind Tony. The shorter man almost jumped out of his skin and he turned on his heel to see that Steve had followed them out of the room.
“Your cologne and....the trash,” Tony muttered as his eyes flickered open to see that they were seated a few feet away from a pile of trash bags waiting to be collected.
“Yeah! I wanna play with Mr. America,” Peter interjected enthusiastically as he slammed his little fists on the table, sending two apple slices a few inches into the air before they landed outside of Peter’s plate.
To Peter’s credit, he was quiet after that. He didn’t squirm around in Tony’s arms, he didn’t make a lot of noise, and he didn’t complain. He just sat there and watched the world around him move as Tony did his thing.
“Then that’s all I need to know,” Tony said, gently patting Steve’s cheek before pulling away. “So how long has it been since we brought everyone back...since I bit the dust? What have you been doing in all that time?” Tony asked.
“Peter. Please don’t play dumb. You left the ham out in the kitchen all day. I brought the groceries home after my morning run, and I asked you to put them away while I was at work. It’s been almost nine hours.” Steve said with a groan. “I’ve spent almost seventy dollars on meat and you’ve spoiled half of it!” Steve said, dropping the ham on the counter. “What am I supposed to feed our guests tomorrow night!?” Steve asked in frustration.
I'm sorry these chapters are so short. I feel like I should be doing more, but unfortunately I don't have a lot of time to write during the week. And I just get so excited about updating that I cut my plans short. (This chapter was suppose to be double in length. and I got too excited so you're just getting what I wrote so far.)  I'm sure I'll be one of those fics that has like 40 chapters. RIP me. (okay, maybe not 40)  - Anyways, enjoy!!
“Yay,” Peter cheered as he wiggled his little body from side to side as he sat in his chair.
Now that Tony was alone he could feel how tired he was in his
Tony was a little surprised, though, when the boy didn’t wake up after he had put him to bed. He figured with Peter’s sensitivity to the world around him it would wake him, but he was wrong. It just proved to him how wiped out the little boy was.
And at first Steve was worried that things might not work out with another version of himself floating around, but surprisingly that never became an issue. Because Thanos’s invasion never happened, there was never a reason for 2016 Steve to get back in contact with Tony. In fact, the man stayed on the sidelines for years. And it was strange, because each Steve knew about the other, and both kept their distance. Twenty years down the road, the Steve Rogers that was native to the timeline died. Killed while on some top secret mission. -- And Honestly, Steve Rogers never would have thought he would attend his own funeral, but he did. And it was weird. He vowed never to do that again.
“Hey, Hey, Hey!” Tony said in alarm as he took his thumb and gently wiped away the tears that were now falling down Peter’s cheeks. “I’m not mad! You just startled me,” Tony said before humming in the back of his throat. “I could never be mad at you, okay? So don’t tell me you’re sorry.” Tony said, pulling Peter into a soft hug before resting his chin on the top of his head.  “Do you want to sleep here with me tonight?” he then asked.
“You don’t have to stay behind, just because I can’t go out…” Bucky said on a sigh, as he walked back into the room, helping Natasha slip into her coat.
Changed.
“You killed innocent people in Vienna just to bring us here?”
“Steve,” Natasha called, approaching slowly.
“What do you mean?”
Steve rolled his eyes but leaned in anyway, licking Tony clean of the sticky chocolate.
It lasted all of a moment, until he realized he was
Surprisingly, she seemed flustered at that. "Please, call me Pepper, and the pleasure is all mine. I've been dying to give this guy a taste of his own medicine sometime." Happy nudged her shoulder then and gestured that they should be going. "Anyway, are we done here, Mr. Stark?" she asked, looking at Tony.
Tony. He knew his laughter, his smiles, even his tears. He’d tasted his lips and promised him that Tony would never be that for him: the devil.
“Always.”
“And you and Tony met in Monte Carlo?”
“Busy,” Tony echoed. “And with what? Helping little grannies over the street?”
“What are you doing out of bed, baby? It’s way past your time.”
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
He wondered if Tony thought of him this much when he was awake. He wondered if he thought of him at all. He was also wondering where Tony lived. He didn’t have any kind of accent, so Steve supposed he had to be American, maybe a New Yorker, too, but otherwise…
“Tell me Captain, do you know where Thor is right now? Can you guarantee that James Barnes won’t have another lapse with those implants in his head? If I misplaced a couple of 30 mega tonne nukes, you can bet there’d be consequences.” There was a heavy pause as he glanced around. “Compromise. Reassurance. That’s how the world works. Believe me, this is the middle ground.”
He had a feeling he wouldn’t like this conversation. While he’d wished to find out more about Tony, he knew that there was every chance the new information would kill all hope for him.
“Steve, can you…” Bruce prompted, waving at Tony’s armor, while he and Hill rushed to the next cabinet, scanning its content for what Tony hoped was morphine that hadn’t expired yet.
At Maria’s wide, questioning eyes, however, Steve added: “Helen offered her help. If you want the details you gotta ask Tony or Bruce, it’s… miles over my head, but, yeah, Ian is ours.”
“Tony,” he began. “It’s easy to place the blame for this on yourself, but you're not responsible for anyone’s actions but your own. You're not a fortuneteller. How could you possibly foresee what Steve would do?”
“Indries,” Tony said. “She has won.”
Both men raised their eyebrows in tandem. “No?” Stark echoed, frowning down at him. “Why not?”
Another sob. And another. Tony’s eyes burned from wanting to cry, but he refused any ease the tears might bring. He deserved the pain. Deserved to live with the loss and the guilt. After making sure Stark Industries helped with restoration and first aid as much as possible, he’d holed himself up here, not wanting to see anyone, much less talk to them.
uttered such a comment. The fact that Bucky had to stay behind at Avengers Tower, while all of them were away on missions that often lasted more than a day, had taken a while to get used to—for both sides. Steve was constantly worried, even more so than Natasha, and Bucky himself… he didn’t deal well with ‘being useless’, as he’d put it.
“Tony wasn’t exactly known to have, well, ‘steady relationships’ as long as I’d known him, but with Indries… I don’t know how she did it. I think it was easy for her to keep him entertained since she loved throwing parties…” Rhodey sighed and gazed wistfully towards the ocean. “And when she wasn’t planning an event, she would go sailing with her friends or travelling to Los Angeles or other cities.”
Tony watched him for careful seconds, then repeated the words in his mind. “He ‘loved you’, huh?” he asked, and felt his expression darken.
Tony hummed and looked more amused than anything else. “I might have to tease you with that once you get back. You never said you had feelings for me this early on.”
“Maybe crudeness is the only way to get him to realize that he’s being. A. Fucking. Idiot.”
He waited for something that never came.
Tony sighed, nodded. “Me n-neither.” He was clutching his arms closer around himself, but the sodden cloth obviously didn’t do him any good.
A pleasant baritone sang, “
Bruce was smiling, too. “Thought it didn’t have voice recognition?”
Eventually, they stopped dancing and slowed down to a steady sway, to a tuneless song.
“We thought we lost you…”
There was the tiniest smile playing with his lips as he looked up to the second figure in the painting—a man who was covered in shadow. He stood over Tony, apparently unseen, his posture a little hunched, as if he was slowly leaning down, one arm reaching towards Tony. His fingers were only inches from his cheek.
Steve frowned. So Tony
Sometimes it just felt too good to be true.
Steve huffed a laugh, and clapped a hand on Vision’s shoulder. “Glad you’re here, Vision.”
To be honest, Steve had counted on the fact that the phone would drive him nuts. It would be lying there, likely always in his field of vision because Tony had a habit of tormenting himself with things he hadn’t yet made his mind up about.
Everything had changed. It’d happened so fast, but everything had changed.
“I had a… busy schedule today,” he offered quietly, putting the blueprints back down on the table. And it wouldn’t have been of much use to linger, trying to get close to someone who was clearly uncomfortable about it, would it?
There was nothing more worth fighting for than this.
“There’s no correlation between age and wisdom. And frozen years don’t count, anyway.”
At least, that’s what Jarvis had always told him. It’s a bedtime story Tony had often lulled himself to sleep to whenever his parents had been fighting downstairs. And it’s what Tony had passed on to Rhodey when they had met in elementary school. Rhodey was two years older than Tony, and yet, they’d been best friends the moment they’d built their first Lego fort together. Soon after, they had been promising to each other with their pinky-fingers crossed that when they were older—come heaven or hell—they’d watch one of those ‘magical eclipses’ together.
…definitely not the time to be waxing poetry.
Obi, had known him all his life, had overheard him and Howard talking and gossiping all the time. Obi liked to talk big, not shying away from calling someone names, but Tony knew he wouldn’t—
he didn’t say, but Steve was too enraptured to call him out on it.
“You shouldn’t stay away too long,” Tony ventured cautiously. “In case the portal opens. If Bruce manages to create a rift, it’ll only be open for a couple of seconds.”
“Nope. You just… you had two deep scratches yesterday. Here and here.” He brushed his fingertips beside his own left eye and then beneath it.
“You’re welcome,” Steve said and drew back further. With a glance to Natasha’s arm, he stood up and walked over to the cabinets, producing some sort of first aid package and a bottle of disinfectant. He dropped back down on the floor and Natasha wordlessly raised her arm so he could clean the scrapes.
Rhodey huffed. “He stopped being my childhood hero when I saw him spooning my best friend in his Iron Man sweatpants.”
Slowly, Tony turned around, glancing at the man in question, who stood right in front of the elevator. There was an honest-to-Dad crowbar in his hands, and only now, Tony spotted the scratches at the elevator’s doors.
“Want you,” Steve added, as if an afterthought.
Steve burst out laughing and with that, curiosity got the better of Bucky. He opened the door slightly to take a look. Steve and Tony were standing in the middle of the room, with Steve taking Tony by the shoulders while the smaller man looked, as he’d said himself, to be a second from freaking out. His forehead was sweaty, his shirt stained with various substances. He looked thinner than Bucky remembered, his lips pale, dark streaks under his eyes as though he hadn’t been sleeping. Behind the two, a large turkey sat on the kitchen counter, circled by dozens of half-filled bowls and pans and plates.
And just like that, Tony was gone. And Steve was left standing in the shadow of Stark Mansion. In the shadow of something so much greater than he could ever be.
Steve stepped forward, reaching for Tony and pulling him near. “Come back, you hear me?”
declaring his feelings. Those weeks might’ve been just as much an eye-opener for him as they had been for Steve. Maybe he wasn’t alone in this sudden turmoil of feelings after all.
Natasha’s face was unreadable, only Bucky looked equally baffled. He sat back, huffing. “Wow,” he breathed, pushing a hand through his long hair.
Tony saw Wanda and Pietro looking at each other, an almost approving smile taking hold of Pietro’s face, and he knew Steve had won them over in a heartbeat.
Tony frowned and even Barnes gave Steve an odd look, but said nothing.
No matter how often Tony had explained that he never lied, not
Apparently some expedition had found him in the ice, and thanks to the serum, he’d been in Cryostasis. It was all something right out of fantasy stories, but here he was, and his surroundings made it all very real.
Next to Steve, Bucky raised an eyebrow and stared at Sam blatantly for a few long seconds before turning to survey the many snack packages already lying on the couch table. He didn’t even have to say anything, Steve knew what he was thinking: The place already looked like a certified disaster area—and the party hadn’t even started. “More supplies?”
“Oh, I’m sure we could,” Steve retorted, and promptly leaned back down to give Tony a real kiss, tongue and all.
Steve leaned back, and nodded. Tony cast him a smile and for a moment it seemed as if he wanted to reach out for him, take his hand, maybe. There was a fluttery feeling in Steve’s stomach at the thought, but at the last moment, Tony decided against it, coiling his hand into a fist instead.
did I want to.”
This wasn't a position that gave him much control of the situation, but Steve had wrapped his arms around him, keeping him upright and close to his chest and somehow he didn't
At that, Steve walked away and Tony could hear him open a few cabinets in the makeshift kitchen that had once been their living room. He came back into view a few moments later, squatting down in front of him with a glass of water. After a moment of completion, Tony snatched it from his grasp, guzzling down some of it.
Steve grinned, and when he glanced back at Tony, he was almost certain for a second that there were tears in his eyes.
Tony blinked. “Goodbye?”
“No. You know that, too. Why are you asking me that?”
Even months after he’d given up on Extremis, it still felt somewhat strange to wake up so slowly. He’d gotten used to come out of slumber abruptly, with the virus calling for attention on some matter or the other.
Tony hummed, leaning back against the wall. He grabbed for his tie, loosening it a little. Wearing suits almost every day would take some getting used to, but it had only taken this one meeting to see how it changed the way people reacted to his presence. To see how they were inclined to listen to what he said, and if he had to be uncomfortable for that, then so be it.
There was an appropriately lengthened pause. The conclusion was all the same, he guessed. It was merely a matter of getting there. “Yes,” Natasha answered eventually. “We’ll stay for another mission, though. Phil asked for our help. We’ll be back in two weeks.”
Steve looked over at her sharply, but Natasha’s eyes were fixed on her boots, her expression one of vague puzzlement, as though surprised that those words had actually left her lips.
now. I can’t do it!”
“Good. Do that before, you know, Bucky or Rhodey go search for you.”
It was Rhodey who broke the spell surrounding them. “So let me get this straight: We potentially have both the UN and Steve’s team to contend with. If we stop Steve’s team, they will all go to jail. And if we don’t stop them, there might be no more superheroes altogether.”
“I was just—”
“Quit going defensive on my behalf, Buck,” Steve replied with a low smile. “We don’t need to spend every waking hour with each other, and I’m plenty busy without him, thank you very much. Also… accepting the fact that Tony sometimes just needs to do his own thing… that isn’t a problem for me. Never was. He does things far beyond what you or I could imagine and I would
“Be careful, Steve,” Natasha warned him. “He
The air was strangely warm around them and Tony trembled with little shocks of aftermath. He had Steve drawn as close to him as he could and feathered the side of his face with soft kisses. He was still inside him, partially hard and growing more so. It didn’t really surprise him.
Hard gasps rocked through the shooter’s chest, as he turned around swiftly. He caught the shield out of thin air, and that was when Steve realized that this was no normal arm. It was made out of silver metal, not unlike Iron Man’s, but thinner, and more human-like. There was a red star on its shoulder plate.
you by my side, Steve. Please sign. We can find out what happened to Bucky, make sure it doesn’t have any consequences for his trial. Nothing happened yet. But if you take action against the government right now, I’m not sure I can help him… or you.”
Steve had never known a louder silence.
Tony chuckled, then let his fingers delve under Steve’s uniform shirt to caress his stomach. The smile on his lips faded somewhat as he softly massaged the skin where Ultron had hit him earlier. “And you? You’re bruised, too, I’m not stupid. I… I felt him hurt you.”
Steve nodded, brushing a wisp of hair out of Tony’s face.
Gamora stormed forward, tears in her eyes. “You won’t take him,” she snarled.
happy. Don’t you see that?”
be very intimidating when he wants to be.”
“I knew you wouldn’t like it,” Pepper said, her voice mildly apologetic. “But the tower’s… well. We moved everything we could salvage to the mansion. It was the only remotely private space in New York that’s large enough for the whole team. It’s temporary, I’m already looking into alternate solutions.”
Thor had temporarily gained the upper hand on the men. He knocked them across the stockroom and into another set of shelves, too busy to notice their entrance. Natasha didn’t notice either, as she was pummeling Rumlow. She raised her arms, activating her Widow Bites.
The man clapped his hands together in the manner of an excited child. “Yes, yes!” he said happily. “What else do you know?”
“You got to let us bring him in,” Tony urged.
Tony’s voice intoned again.
She raised her thin hands, twirling her fingers as red flashes of light danced around them, and the next second, Steve felt himself getting pushed to the ground, face first.
“So you’re seeing someone. Is that what it takes to be interesting enough for you?” he asked, his voice spiteful. “Maybe I should enlist after all, huh? Get a little banged up?”
Immediately, Tony pulled away from him, instead searching his eyes with flecks of hope. “It’s okay,” he said. “We don’t have to… kissing is fine. I like kissing you.”
Tony was about to protest some more when he drew to a stuttering stop as Steve promptly leaned down to suck his dick down to the root.
It’d be a lie to say that Steve’s possessiveness wasn’t still a massive turn-on.
that grin. And he sort of wanted to kiss it off his face. “
When Steve’s mouth pulled away from his, he met Tony’s eyes with visible strain. “You’re real tight,” he declared.
back.”
Well, great.
And yet, he breathed in, and stroked his thumb over whatever of Tony’s skin he could. Bucky cast him a reassuring smile from afar, and he knew, as long as he had them at his side, everything would be absolutely, positively fine.
“You’ve got—
Between 1944 and 1996… that was a whole lot of years. He had no idea how this worked, or why they had found each other over time and space, but it had to mean something, right?
We apologize for the delay in posting this chapter. RL has been rough on both of us.
. With some reluctance, Steve set into motion. Tony had a feeling that right now, Steve would follow him off the edge of the world if he asked it of him.
“Oh God, you didn’t.” Tony groaned. “He’ll castrate me.”
Tony huffed. “You know just as well as I do that we can’t have the board clinging to weapon’s productions. Not right now. Not when we’re a week from launching the arc reactor.”
Tony made a face but didn’t argue, letting Steve put on his blue button-down slowly. “How’s everyone, by the way? Did Vision settle in?”
“It’s so weird how you run into people at the airport,” Tony called over to them, because he had to say
Tony could practically hear the gears turning in his head as he searched for an answer.
Just like the rest of his big family was.
Tony broke away with a pout. “You wanna get breakfast? That means getting ready. And… getting dressed.”
“Saw it,” said Steve simply.
If he couldn’t sleep, he could at least try to work some more.
ran the company, sweetheart, and that’s why it was a very good idea to hand it over to me. By the way, I’ve got good news: The agency we talked about agreed to take your case if you still want them after your appointment tomorrow. They decided, with my help I might add, that you’re worth the wait and irregularities. And they agreed to discuss a few options with you, before you reach a decision.”
A tight heat engulfed him only seconds later and Steve moaned his surprise loudly into the otherwise still room. He heard Tony chuckle and the vibrations around his erection almost made him lose it then and there.
At that he unfolded the paper Steve had tried to scrunch up, and let his eyes drift over the scribbles. Over Steve’s neat handwriting, the few scratched out words, but also…
“Hello, Phillip.”
"I see you've met our History of Art teacher Steve Rogers," Bruce said, pointedly eyeing Tony, who was still holding onto Steve's hand. "And Steve…" He turned to him with a smile that was a touch too pleasant. "…this is my seventeen year old assistant, Tony Stark."
Steve sighed. “Don’t make this your fault.”
of something that felt so much bigger than him, and the gratitude to just be here, to be able to touch Tony like this—all wrapped in one.
“I told you I would,” Steve said, and while his expression didn’t give away much, he still managed to look a bit sad.
“Tell me about your wife?” he asked at last. He’d meant to ask about Mrs. Rogers for a while now, but he never truly found the right time. “Is it Sharon?”
Natasha sighed, then stepped closer to him, her arms circling him. “I’m glad you’re here.” She paused, and Tony felt her blink against his neck. “Don’t tell anyone I said that.”
It wasn’t enough, of course. Not nearly enough for what Tony—and Bruce—had done in those last days. But there was a cloud hanging above Steve’s head, obscuring his thoughts, and for now, he couldn’t think of anything other than seeing Bucky again.
Finally, he felt himself reaching the edge and jumping off of it. Steve clenched around him once more, and maybe he even did it on purpose, Tony couldn’t really tell, but he was strangling him so goddamn good that Tony came hard just a second later. He held Steve to his body as he spilled inside of him, groaning into his shoulders with every tremor.
Steve tried to answer; he really did. What came out, though, sounded suspiciously like, “
“Goddammit,” Tony grumbled as he heaved himself to his feet. He shuffled through the darkened living room, and stepped into the elevator. Down on the common floor, he walked towards the kitchen and turned the coffee machine on.
Steve frowned thoughtfully, his gaze travelling across the ceiling. “Maybe if Nat asked him… They’ve grown close over the last few weeks. Makes me think he really left his ladies’ man-days behind.”
Tony huffed and almost looked angered. “I’m not gonna
“Why not?” she asked, and her tone wasn’t loud, nor was it accusatory. “This isn’t right, what they’re doing to you. You know that, right?”
He slapped a hand over his face, trying to turn around, but Rhodey had his arms around him before he could. He dragged him down on the ground and hugged him tight… and Tony found all strength leaving him, as he let himself be held by his best friend.
The conversation with Bucky boiled down to a few words:
“There is no need for unnecessary awkwardness, Tony,” Vision said with a serene smile. “You are among friends and we are happy for you.”
“Yes. So that the very obvious plastic foil here can look like a ghost. Can we leave now?”
“So, what happened to the real Broussard?” Tony asked FRIDAY.
“Obviously it’s not,” Steve said, unaware of Tony’s inner freak-out. “Come on, we need to go. I’ve done enough messing up my future by now.”
And—God, Tony was angry. Angry that he wasn’t allowed to follow him, angry with James fucking Barnes, angry with Steve, angry with himself. Even when Obadiah had tried to murder him, he did not recall being blinded with anger as much as fueled with it. Now was an entirely different matter. The rawness of his frustration was nothing compared to the intensity of it.
change in three days?
“You should’ve at least let me fly us.”
“We won’t force you to live with us. But I’m counting on you. To… make the right decision.”
Oh, this was not good.
“I only expect honesty from you, is that really too much to ask?”
“Kill me?” Bucky asked.
Steve’s hands curled under Tony’s shoulders, with his legs entwined around Steve’s waist as he pushed his hips into Steve’s with heady, desperate gasps. He was moving against his erection in long strokes, and it was quickly driving Steve out of his mind.
Natasha held his gaze for a few seconds before breaking eye contact. A small silence fell between them, and it felt different. It felt like an acknowledgement that everything was about to change. “There’s always gonna be a part of me I can’t share with you.”
— Auguste Rodin
“Of course,” Steve said, as he leaned sideways to nibble at Tony’s neck.
Even from where Steve stood at the far side of the room, he could see that both Bruce and Tony were definitely nervous and at the same time, they seemed excited. It had been a while since Steve had been around for one of their experiments, and he found himself relax a little. With the entire team standing in a circle around the cradle, it felt like they were at last seeing eye to eye about this. And Steve had a feeling that whatever happened today today would dictate much of their future.
Tony exhaled a humorless laugh. “Well, it’s too late for that.”
Well, if his words weren’t like a sledgehammer to the chest already, those eyes would have been.
* * *
The flicker of uncertainty flashed across Rhodey’s eyes. He cleared his throat. “Oh?”
He didn’t answer. There was nothing to answer. It wasn’t the first time the two men talked about some implants in his brain, and sometimes, when he woke up, there was a distinct pressure on his skull. He tried not to think too much about it. He couldn’t afford to worry about crossing that bridge when he was still on this one.
And there was nothing Tony could do about it.
“It’s not too late.”
When she left, clearly bewildered, Tony sat down in the booth across from Steve, not pulling off his sunglasses either. For a few beats, they simply stared at each other, before Steve blurted, “What are you
“Okay?” Tony echoed, his eyes large.
God, he could lie here forever and not be able to grasp it all at once.
Steve stared off into the large hangar. His hand, however, cupped the back of Tony’s head, his thumb brushing gently over the curve of his cheek. “I don’t want this to come between us.”
“The new MRI looks good,” he said—and that was…
Steve nods back. "Be safe." He whispers and smiles.
"-know its incomplete- whole folder on AIM's server,"
"Birthday boy says yes," he smiled as he grabs two tophats snd started writing peoples name
He winced at every piece of metal he had to pull again, the metal of Steve's shield was jabbed so far into his chest he could feel his own blood dripping from around it. When he finally got a look at his stomach, he almost started crying as he turned onto his back, the bruising he saw, he knew one of them wasn’t gonna make it out alive.
He blushed watched him kiss his knuckles. "You missed," he playfully said and tapped his lips with his other hand. "Besides i didn’t say it was 100 percent gonna work, only 99.987% Dofus"
"Hey back off!" the teenage girl had shouted at him.
Tony froze looking away at the mention of the kid’s name. "I can’t," he muttered as the patio door opened and little morgan popped out and jumped in Tony’s lap. "Auntie Pepper said to come to save you,"
------
“I didn’t know it was him,”
What felt like hours later, Tony was peacefully still getting his rest but he slowly came back to reality trying to block this new bright light out of his face as he opened his eyes surprised to see this.. woman.. she was surrounded by fire and just floating there, he's definitely never seen her around either.
Steve smiles at Morgan's response and then looks up at Tony and stands up. "Alright. I'll meet you guys at home then?" He asks softly.
Morgan nods and smiles brightly. "Yes, daddy." She looks up at him with a smile and giggles. "Daddy?"
"Papa needs to sleep right now," Steve chuckled, shaking his head slightly. "Haven't slept in like a day,"
Steve laughs softly and smiles softly. "He's got your smarts though."
"Maybe I am,"
He whimpered at the heavy rubble on him before squirming his way out. "I’ll be fine," he looked around. "What happened-,"
Tony set down his tongs on the side counter beside the grill, turning around to face the two almost kind of pissed off that they're still trying to get him on their side.
Nat nodded getting out following him inside. "I'm sure he'll like the gift too," she nudged his arm as they walked inside leading to the common room where Peter was making conversation there was a small birthday party ned and MJ was there and another male student who was a little flirty with Peter there. He was talking with his friends when he looked up and saw Steve immediately smiling brightly. "Pops!" He squealed maybe and ran over almost jumping on him as he hugged him
"Fine then dirty boy," Tony laughed stripping off his jeans and shirt kicking off his boxers next.
He softly knocked before pushing open the door eyes widen a little as he spotted Rhodey already in there.
"You still love my "sass","
Steve smiles and looks down at the envelope. "I didn't know that." He looks up at Peter and smiles. "I bet you he still will." He says softly.
Natasha walks over. "We can get them back." She says.
Bruce immediately slammed his fists down on the table in frustration a low growl escaping his throat while his brown eyes shined the light neon green, Tony could hear Natasha sigh beside him.
Tony blushes as he pecked his lips back. "Love you too be safe," he kissed him again chuckling hearing Morgan say 'ewww' pulling back. "Hey hey hey, adults are allowed to do this,"
"Tony," He heard Bruce started, taking a deep breath. "I don't know how long you're going to be mad at me- and to be honest I don't really care- and take as long as you want- but the kid is inhuman,"
Born on: August 27th, 2016
He blinked slowly as he slowly took the thumb drive, staring at it in his hands. He must be dreaming, there's no way this was real at all.
"Here take this, you find him and put that thing on- and you damn hide," he spoke before he collapsed on the spot, barely conscious to hear someone calling his name.
“Tony?”
Parent(s): Anthony Edward Stark (birth giver)
-----------------------------------------------.
Tony tried to sitting up more but he felt really dizzy all of a sudden everything just seemed blurry
Tony went silent for a few seconds as he looks to the side nervously.
"...and what?" Peter asked, confused about what else he did.
"Tony...,"
He rolled his eyes at Steve’s words finally turning his head to him pointing a finger. "You know what? I was going to tell you, that day in that room once you signed the accords i thought of telling you over a candlelight dinner with his sonogram but nooo, nothing would have made you stayed, not even your own damn finance’," he pushed his finger against steves chest harshly. "I don’t care what you think of me but we've been over for goddamn 15 years and nothings going to change that because you hurt me the worst way you could have, i don’t care if you go see him- go right ahead- if you want to see your son but once he’s healed we're leaving," Tony glared before he started walking off stuffing his hands in his front pants pockets
Morgan frowns as she looks at her daddy. "What’s wrong with daddy? Ish he gonna be okie?" She asked
“Yeah I know,” He mumbled as he sat on the counter. “I was about to come home- then there was an attack blah blah, but I came home alive and that’s what matters.”
"Sure we can give it a try, I can make his mask and add some of my techs,"
"What's worse is Kamala here has-," He paused placing a hand on the girl's shoulder. "Found evidence that might show what really happened to..," he paused taking a glance at Tony before turning back to Thor. "To Steve...,"
"You can have like a target mode maybe? It could help him shoot his webs where he wants," The blonde spoke, thought for a second. "He'll need a superhero name too,"
He chuckles and kisses her cheek. "Yeah? You think so?" He asks and smiles. "Maybe when daddy wakes up we can go get him a juice pop."
Steve turned his head to look back at him, tears building up. "I had to do something- The entire San Andreas fault was about to blow- the ocean would have consumed the city- millions would have died if i didn-hmph-," he was cut off when Tony leaned down pressing his lips against his own, shutting him up instantly letting their lips mold perfectly against each other, sparks flying around them. They shared kisses like this on the satellite but this time they weren't worried about dying in space, about being attacked by AIM again. It was slow and passionate, felt like their first kiss all over again to the genius.
Nebula came over and moved Tony to one of the ship's chairs so he was more comfortable, she felt so sorry for him, it didn't look comfortable on the floor either.
"I could imagine, I mean if I had a random web-shoot at my face while I was eating ice cream, I'd be pretty scared too,"
"Dude- your password was I AM IRON MAN," she lightly snickered but kept the seriousness in her voice, making him pause slightly- jeez how many years ago was that?
Steve nods and looks over at Tony and smiles softly. "He'll wake up soon. I know it."
That was all he needed to hear before he started to break and take off the restraints, careful not to mess up whatever the hell was hooked up to him, shaking the man slightly. "S-Steve? Steve?" he slightly smacked his face, not too hard though.
Tony hummed as he looked down at his son as he asked him. “You wanna order for yourself or want our help?”
"I was scared you know? I was scared you would've just laughed at me, called me pathetic for trying to get you to sign the accords," he started playing with the ring that was on his middle ring. "I-i thought you didn't love me anymore- a-and i guess i just didn't want to be hurt a-anymore and pushed y-you away-,"
Tony smiled with a small chuckled, walking over and kissed the top of his head. "Papa should be coming home soon, what do you want for dinner?"
"God I thought you-,"
"Pillow Princess," Steve lightly rolled his eyes with a smile on his face, pushing all the way in. He gently rubbed circles on the other male's back, his lips curling into a smirk as he was gasping. "Hmmm, should I take my time with you or give you what you want?" he paused thinking, giving the male time to adjust to his girth as he leaned forward, pressing a kiss to his cheek. "I think ill go slow... make you beg," he hummed snapping his hips forward softly, rolling his hips slowly, ignoring the whines coming from the bottom as he sped up leaning over placing kisses on his jaw before tony turns his head to the side reconnecting their lips, pushing his hips back to meet his thrusts.
While all this went down, Steve had notice all the looks they were getting and immediately got his husband’s attention. “Tony, we need to go. We can just take the food with us,”
In reply, the super-soldier stuck his tongue out before he headed into the master bathroom. "I'm sick of your sass, you never appreciate the work I do for this family," He chuckled grabbing his own comfy clothes from the closet nearby.
Stepping back inside to grab his cup of coffee, he took a look around sinking in what his life became. In just one day, he lost everything- his friends, all his work, and the love of his life because of his mistake. Maybe he was listening to the media too much but maybe it was true.
"No, I will tell you when," he said bak, not even bothering to look up, he hated this, hated punishing Peter but it had to be done, Peter never treated him like he treated his other dad. Peter just gave another huff as he turned back around to face the wall, irritated he couldn't his way.
Peter pouted at this. “But I’m not a superhero without it,” he said sadly with pitiful eyes. “Please can I go like this daddy?”
He shakes his head. "Steve I know I've conquered alot of things like time travel, 49 iron man suits that can fly all around with a small arc reactor I made from scraps to keep me alive, but I have never been able to make an expanding suit,"
He nods and walks his son to his bedroom and lays him down. He tucks him into bed and kisses his head gently.
Steve nods and smiles softly. "I'd like that."
"The earthquake...," he muttered pushing himself up a little to be sitting upon his chest.
The party went on, Tony leaned on Steve's shoulder, hed noticed how close Peter and another boy his age a little taller, an hour later the party ended and everyone either went to their rooms or went home.
He nods and smiles softly. "Tony... I want to be with you. The last 15 years have been hell because I couldn't have you... My nightmares weren't of me dying while on the run... It was you... Being a family with another man... I missed you so much, Tony."
“No, Tony,” he spoke
"Don't feel bad about this okay?- I'm mean, actually if you grovel about this for a couple of weeks... and then move on with enormous guilt,"
He holds onto Tony and cries softly, burying his head in his chest. "I love you... I love you and Peter so much... I-I'm so sorry about everything..." He whispers.
He let her cry as he weakly hugged her, lightly shushing her to calm her down a little. "I-i lost the kid Pepper... i-i lost him," Tony said as if he was out of breath, the two stayed there hugging, Steve watching as the others went over to greet him, Bruce immediately pushing- well not pushing but urging Tony inside, Pepper being his support to get medical treatment- but when Tony looked up- his eyes locked with those gorgeous sea blue eyes- fuck he was falling in love all over again.
Steve nodded, deciding not to push for more information except for the boy’s name- which was Peter- as he followed one of the aids to an open recovery and started preparing it, pulling on new sheets, setting up equipment. When he spots Natasha again he gives the boy’s name asking her to give as much information she can get on the boy before she runs off again to the records room before going back to his job.
"I should probably lie down for a minute... rest my eyes,"
"I'm not telling you to make him one, I'm saying he'll want one," Pausing for a second before speaking about. "Do you think you could make one that grows with him? Like...can expand?"
"I didn't think about how you would feel and I put my stupid actions before you. I want to turn back time and redo everything, I would sign those papers to make sure you are happy.. that we're happy,"
Tony's cheeks flushed, the offer was really tempting. "I probably need one so sure," he laughed softly walking in the bathroom setting the clothes he had aside, stripping off the clothes he had on from the night before.
"I-I'm sorry," she crooked out, looking up at him to meet his gaze. "I-I messed up,"
"Today's day? 21? No, wait- 22. You know if it wasn't for the existential terror of steering into the literal void of space- I'd say I'm feeling a little better today." Tony let out a small chuckle before coughing slightly and continued. "The infections run through its course thanks to the blue meanie back there- oh you would love her," He said referring to Nebula who helped them fight on Titan. "Very practical, only a tiny bit sadistic,"
He whined a little. "Shut up,"
Tony smiled at him. "I bet..," he still felt so guilty, he took 16 years of their son's life from him over stupid accords
As Steve pulls up in his car and smiles brightly as he sees his husband and daughter walking back to the cabin. "Hey, you two." He says happily and walks over to them. Natasha and Scott get out of the car after him and Natasha smiles at Tony.
Steve nods. "I probably won't be able to get in anywhere without people realize who I am. But I'll try."
They disbanded, broke apart after the death of Captain America. All we have intel on is Thor's mighty hammer has been left at Heroes Park where the fallen Avengers statue stood. No one knows where our heroes have gone, all left without a trace. After the liquidation of Stark Industries, Doctor George Tarleton, himself a victim of A-Day and founder of Advanced Ideas Mechanics has taken over the part of our so-called heroes as their activities are now outlawed. With the idea that science is the solution to our nation's problems. What are George Tarleton's plans for this new era? What will-,"
Meanwhile, Steve peeked his head out of the bathroom shirtless. "Care to join?" He offered with a little smirk.
Steve kisses his temple and smiles faintly. He knows he's thinking about Peter. "You know, if we tried the time heist, there's a possibility it could work. We can get Peter back."
He nods and smiles softly down at Tony. "Daddy is just tired right now. Y'know how in our story, the king battled with his army called the Avengers?" He asks softly. "We had another battle baby. And daddy was the hero. He saved us all."
"Well, how do you know? You've never tried. Maybe you could figure something out," He spoke, reaching over to stroke through Tony's hair.
"Who told you that? No, I didn't fight him," Tony shook his head slightly. "He wiped my face for the planet while the Bleeker Street Magician gave away the stone, that's what happened there's no fight, he's an evil-"
During Pregnancy/Complications: The patient came to our hospital for their check-ups. On January 6th, 2016, the patient was rushed in badly wounded, unconscious, with broken bones, almost miscarrying the baby at 2 months. He refused to talk about what happened when he woke up. Forced on bed rest for most of the pregnancy due to the close miscarriage, most likely the reason for the fetus to be born prematurely-
Tony grumbled in response as he was trying to stay asleep, whining as he pulled the bed covers over himself, turning over with his back to Steve.
Peter knew his plan worked and fist-pumped mentally and continued the game with the others.
"Kamala- Kamala Khan," He laughed softly. "She's pretty adorable, you'd love her I bet, pretty sure she's a mini you from what I've heard minus the sass, of course,"
Peter jumped onto steve on the couch clinging onto him "stay pleaseee,"
-------------------------
Tony's lips curled into a soft smile pulling Steve back into another meaningful, passion-filled kiss, both males starting to move their hips meeting each other's, soft groans and moans, ending up with Steve moving fully on the bed, the brunettes legs and arms wrapping around the soldier's body, something told Steve that he just needed this one night, this one night to reconnect with Tony and make their relationship right again even though nothing could make up for what he did to him in Siberia, leaving him to die like that after smashing his shield into his life and power source.
Pause
Without saying anything he turned to his RV and gestured for the two to follow with his head, his arms slightly shaking as he plopped himself at his desk after fast walking inside, scooting forward in his chair.
Steve nods and smiles as he gently picks Morgan up and sets her in his lap. "Just because the world looks bleak and sad right now, doesn't mean that the future is the same. You can come back from this." He says softly and looking down at Morgan with a smile. "I did. Tony did. Even Morgan did. Just find the courage to take the first baby step and you'll find your light in the darkness."
"WAIT YOU'LL KILL US ALL!" Georgie yelled before the screen went white as Steve connected with the reactor, exploding everything around it.
“Aw I’m very proud of you- but we’re going to have to leave the mask home okay?” He asked with a soft voice. “We can’t have people think you’re the bad little guy now do we?”
By the time Tony finally woke up, Steve had made his way into Tony's room and was currently sitting in a chair leaning against the wall and looking out through the window.
She nods excitedly as she asks happily if they can go buy one and they head off to the gift shop. Peter awkwardly stood by the corner an envelope in his arms as he looked down
There was a pause as they watched as Steve looked frantically, maybe to find a solution. "Then get out... and seal the door!"
"Why'd you smash the reactor?" his brown doe eyes wandered up to look him in the eye. "Alot of people died..," There was an eerie pause as Steve's fingers paused in stroking Tony's short greasy hair, looking away as his perfect white teeth bit into his lip as he came up with an answer.
Steve frowns as he immediately asked what they can do to replace his arm. He knew immediately Tony wasn't going to stop tinkering and he couldn't tinker easily with only one arm knowing he the man makes. They explained that making the right prosthetic would take months to make and maybe years of therapy, they also recommended for him to see a trauma therapist after if he shows any signs of depression or PTSD
Tony paid for the order and waited near the pick-up counter, grabbing the two trays when it came out and walked over to his family, setting them both on the table as he took a seat next to Peter knowing what his husband did there. “And here’s a happy meal and an ice cream cone for Mister Village Boy~,” he said as he passed Peter his food items, he loved the boy dearly and whenever he was dressed up he loved to play along with no matter what.
When he walked in, Peter was already cuddled up with the huge toy spider he had. He headed over, plopping next to him with a hug, smiling at his little giggles, pulling him close to his chest letting him snuggle.
"Peter come on, be nice to dad and come down please- I'm begging you Bug," Tony begged as he pushed strands of his sweaty brunette hair away, putting his hands out to catch him if he decided 'i'll be a good boy and listen to daddy,' He grimaced a little as he watched Peter stick out his little toddler tongue continuing his little game on the ceiling
Steve turned to the last two, crossing his arms across his chest. "Nat prepare the quinjet just in case, I'll stay on the Chimera for now- keep me updated,"
Staring at the white pregnancy test in his hands, Tony almost wanted to shed tears- he didn’t know he didn’t think it would be possible. He sniffled as he looked at the two pink lines that confirmed his suspicions of pregnancy, he guessed he was around at least 8 weeks. Tony took a deep breath, he knew he had to tell Steve but when? This morning the government wanted to take control of the team, due to the number of damages they do after every battle, but Steve refused. He knew he'd have to talk to him but how? Steve didn’t like how he signed the accords. He flushed the toilet, stuffing the test in his coat before he headed to the meeting room where his finacé was waiting for him, to discuss the accords
“Yes,” Steve answered, his voice achingly hushed. A tiny smile quirked his lips as he studied the guilt that shadowed Tony’s brown eyes. “Just… please go slow.”
Natasha would know about their appointment. Pepper had pinky-swore not to tell anyone, so she must’ve overheard him and Steve talking. The only question was whether or not she’d passed the information to the whole team yet. “We hadn’t exactly planned to let that cat out of the bag yet…” he told her with a pointed glare. “And it’d be nice to keep it that way.”
Steve kissed him and parted Tony’s lips. Coaxing millimeter by millimeter until his mouth opened and he could slip his tongue inside. He went slowly, tasting him lightly, teasingly, until finally, he began to respond.
Tony hummed, his expression thoughtful. “And you’re from… 2018?”
Tony’s brown eyes all but absorbed him. There was a deep line between his brows, but it was more wonder than pain. It took a moment before Steve was fully seated within him, and afterwards, they remained locked in silence for a long beat, kissing ever so slightly. As though getting to know each other all over again.
There was no denying it. Even after everything, he would recognize Steve’s scent anywhere.
make things difficult… sometimes. We won’t be able to make this public for a while. And we may not always be after the same things." He paused, searching Tony's eyes. "I'm just making sure you know what you’re getting yourself into. It might get messy."
“And?” Steve asked with a frown.
They worked in silence for a bit, before Bucky cleared his throat, “Is Stark okay?”
There simply wasn’t enough of him—Tony needed every bit of what Steve had to offer.
Tony released him so abruptly that he almost fell. “Then let’s get this party over with. Fast.” As if to solidify his statement, he took a stack of dessert plates out of the cupboard, while Steve finished arranging the little mousse glasses.
But not anymore. There was nothing holding them back, not Obi, not some teacher-student relationship-restriction, and no law telling them they weren’t allowed to be as sickeningly and obnoxiously in love as they wanted to be.
Despite their more than rocky start, Tony had come to like the guy. Even though he was ninety-nine percent sure he kept stealing the sesame bagels whenever Steve bought them some.
“As a heart attack.”
"I didn't
Steve hummed with the affectionate treatments. He was already teetering on the edge of sleep when Tony kissed him, parting his lips and making a small sound into Tony's mouth. He rubbed his knuckles along Tony's back towards his neck and then forced his eyes open when Tony spoke.
Steve blinked. “No, I… I got hit by one of the Infinity Stones.”
Because he loved Steve. Always had in some form. He’d just been too much of a coward to acknowledge it.
“New York,” Ross said. Tony sighed, and everything inside him itched to reach out for Steve and caress the tense line of his shoulder, but he knew he was still mad at him.
,” he mused darkly. “What a surprise, indeed. You want to know who just came back online, Captain? I think you might know him.”
“No, you’re not,” Tony snarled, as he stood up. “You look like Steve and you smell like Steve and you even talk like Steve. But you’re
“Tony… please,” Steve said. “He’s playing you. You
He shouldn’t wonder about that.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered, glancing up cautiously. “I missed you both so much.”
He immediately reached for the plate. “You misunderstand,” he said. “I meant ‘No ice cream?’ in a good way… because I never touch the stuff.”
“Everything worked out just as we planned it,” Tony prompted, and Steve knew there was a question underlying his words.
Most of the Iron Legion was still circulating around the carriers and with Thor and Sam being in the air with them, they were keeping the carrier’s weapons out of commission with ease.
Walking further, they came to a console in the middle of the room.
His chest ached from the way Steve’s arms were bearing down on it. What had happened? He remembered having a nightmare. Remembered breaking from the inside, and no one had been there to help him. The pain was there. It consumed him. It was all he was. So he lashed out again, his body acting on its own.
No time for debates, they had an enemy to see to.
The Infinity Stones still levitated in the air as Strange chanted a few words, and in a blink, the stasis that’d held Thanos in thrall increased and made his body slowly turn into stone.
That wasn’t entirely true, but it changed nothing. “I’m going home,” he told her quietly, then looked up. “You and Clint coming with me?”
SR 2:20 P.M.>You will as soon as we meet
Tony only spared him the shortest of glances, and with a silent understanding, Steve walked over to the other side of the tower ruins, far away from Tony, and looked for things to salvage as well.
“Three damn weeks,” Tony ground out, as Steve rolled Tony onto his belly, positioning himself behind him.
“No,” Tony said, breathy and light headed and…
He had no conception of how much time had passed since he’d fought Steve on the Helicarrier, or how long they had kept him in this cell afterwards. The only thing he knew was that they had done something to him. There were memories now, and they were
Tony huffed, sounding almost amused. The mist abandoned his eyes for just a second, and Steve found him looking at him with flecks of guarded adoration. “Could’ve had it all, huh?”
That had Tony snort. “So you
“I had you,” he offered, as Pepper pressed a few buttons on the coffee machine. “And two cleaning crews.”
Tony couldn’t help himself. Steve looked so
. Not all of it. It’s too much to handle for your fragile minds.”
Steve snorted. “Right, come on. The others are already inside.”
They went back to chopping wood in companionable silence, with Steve feeling much less alone than he had just a short time before.
“Like
Tony took a sip from the coffee. It seemed like forever since he’d drank anything warm and he had forgotten how good felt. Taking a large gulp, only slightly wincing at the hot temperature, he cast Bruce another smile. “Thanks for that,” he said hoarsely, clearing his throat.
“I don’t know the particulars.” His single eyes narrowed and the rough front that Fury had depended on from the beginning started to crumple, and the first strains of humanly worry leaked through. “There are elements,” he said slowly, “that have to be taken into consideration. Things that involve Project Insight that I cannot disclose. Here.” He held up a USB stick—probably the one Steve’d been talking about earlier, the one from the Lemurian Star. “Let’s just leave it at that for now. We’ll have to discuss the details later. It’s not safe here.”
It was… it was a wedding ring.
“This is crazy,” Tony had murmured, staring at Steve in question.
So much for announcing the news on his own.
They traded a flurry of blows and high punches and Batroc got him right in the stomach, knocking him down some steps. Steve fell and bruised his upper arm on the railing. Batroc flung up his hands against the next blows instinctively, then realized that it was only a deceit. But in his moment of distraction, Steve was able to slam his elbow into Batroc’s neck and knock him out.
At some point, he must have passed out, because when he came to, Natasha was already un-bandaging his upper body. Seeing he was awake again, she spoke, “Clint bought some new bandages. I figured it was best to do it while you were out. Do you feel any better?”
“I never told you,” he told Tony quietly. “About the night you arrived here, the day before we left for Sokovia, did I?”
He leaned down and pressed his lips to Tony's chest, trailing his way to one of those sweet, dusky nipples. He had just flicked his tongue against it, resting a hand on Tony's belly, when a loud growling rumbled through him, reminding him just how empty his own stomach was. He shifted to rub his forehead against Tony's chest. "Or maybe we can do
Rhodey opened his mouth to say something, then apparently thought better of it. “Good luck,” he said instead, pulling him back to the present. He drew Tony into a firm hug. “I’d say I see you later, but that’s not really the case, is it?”
“I’m sure it’s gonna be everything you ever thought it would be,” Steve said. “And if it’s not… we’ll find a new dream together, okay?”
. One of those was sweeping at Steve just as he landed from a successful toss of his shield. Luckily, Hawkeye had managed to put an explosive arrow in it before it could tackle him.
Once he was out of sight, all of them stared at each other, for once at a complete loss at what to do.
“If he’s got only an ounce of our temper, I don’t think he’ll be able to help himself.”
Tony grinned when Steve slipped into Brooklyn-mode for a second and walked up to him, his eyes focused on his face determinately. “That so,” he said, biting his lower lip. As soon as he stood right in front of him, he leaned up to brush a fleeting kiss against Steve’s lips. He’d hated that short flicker of distance that had settled in between them, and he hoped this would break the ice a little.
“I’m sure it’s not.”
Steve sighed, a grumbly, raspy sigh, his eyes immediately falling to Tony’s face. His crestfallen look could cripple tyrants. Hell, it probably
Steve still had doubts, of course. While he never said anything outright, it was plainly obvious whenever they talked about it and by now, Tony’s greatest fear was that he’d somehow talked Steve into this. After all, he had been very clear that kids weren’t on his ten-year-agenda, and it was likely that the only reason they were even discussing it now was Steve settling for something Tony wanted.
Steve’s shoulders were decidedly less skinny now, but the look of stubbornness was all the same. “That’s a question you will only get an answer to when you actually leave this room and come upstairs with us,” he replied with a very serious expression.
“How about at the beginning?”
“How are you really?” Steve asked, his expression tense.
“Oh, I’m sure you could, Mr. Stark. Given time. But then you’ll never know why you came.”
TS 11:52 P.M.>God Rogers, you can’t say those things to me AND NOT BE HERE
Tony focused on Extremis, setting a timer to every comm-line available.
Steve wanted to hug him just then. Not anything but an affectionate, proud hug.
“If we let everyone get away…” Rhodey mused, “it will seem suspicious.”
A long, uneasy breath hissed through Steve’s teeth, eyes glued to Tony’s face and soaking in every movement he made. Watching for some sign of discomfort or pain. He
. The only thought he could grasp, as he looked at himself, was that he missed his beard. It had made him feel like someone else. Shaving it off had only taken a few minutes, but once he’d looked at his clean face and the once-more short hair, he’d felt as though years had passed.
Steve blinked. “Oh… oh yes.” He nodded and stepped aside. “There’s not exactly a lot of space in here.”
“She designed the room for the two of you?” Steve asked, and he didn’t really know why it would bother him, but he couldn’t shake the thought off that it was
A shadow crossed Tony’s face. “No, it
* * *
“No, it’s not because you’re shorter,” Steve answered Tony’s unvoiced joke, his smile stretching into a smirk. “Just want to lead for once in our relationship.”
Tony sighed, rubbing his temples with one hand. “That line is getting old. A problem that’s going to cost us the case?”
"Tell me again?" he asked with heavy breaths while he clenched and unclenched around Steve, tentatively wriggling against his groin without actually moving. He felt so full, not just in the physical sense, but fuller than he had ever felt before. It felt as though with Steve at his side, he had found a part of himself again that had been missing for a whole long while.
Tony stroked the tip of his finger across the screen, caressing it as if he were caressing Steve.
TS 3:23 A.M.>Thx
Tony followed his gaze. “You really gotta stop meditating. It’s making you wise.” He sighed. “Thirty-six hours, jeez. If we want to make this look real… we’re seriously understaffed.” Suddenly, something occurred to him. “I have an idea.”
“But…”
—but everything seemed to be intact.
Now though, he mostly looked very unsure about the whole situation, so Steve was very cautious when he reached for one of his legs, drawing it up just a little.
“Too many clothes,” Tony muttered then, and started to tug at Steve’s pants.
Something was disturbingly off.
“And it worked.” Tony shrugged. “Are you complaining?”
A very long silence settled over the room. A friend of Mrs. Stark. Not Tony’s, not the family’s friend.
“Whoever’s still standing, we gotta move!” someone called, and the voice was near and yet miles away. When Steve blinked, he had moment when he thought Bucky was kneeling right in front of him, shaking him with hands on both of his shoulders, but before he could snap himself back to reality, he was pulled into the vision again.
“Guess what?” Steve said, after Bucky left, his voice at least one octave lower. “I have another can of frosting in the pantry.”
And then there was that dream, of a man he’d kissed.
Didn’t mean he was a
“Just a little more,” Tony replied, his voice strained, the hand at his back urging Steve’s middle to meet him. It was only then that Steve noticed how stiff his legs were, how tension had locked every muscle in his body. Steve was determined not to let his fears rule him. With a trembling breath, he forced his muscles to go to work, drew in a sharp breath, and raised his hips.
“Then don’t go,” Steve said softly. Followed immediately by: “No—
Tony’s eyes softened. “You do. And I want you to know that you can ask me anything. I meant it when I said I want you to feel at home here.”
“And where exactly is it that you can’t sleep?” Tony asked and cringed a little. He hadn’t meant to outright ask, but this was unknown territory, something he wasn’t used to, and all witty tactics had flown out of the window the second he’d heard Steve speak again.
Steve contemplated answering truthfully. He wouldn't lie, exactly, but he didn't think it'd serve either of them if he said that he had been told that before. He hummed noncommittally and leaned in to kiss Tony, a strangled moan pressing between them as Tony touched him and teased him just so. When the condom was set in place, he pulled back, breathing gone heavier than just a moment ago. "Thanks."
In the face of Steve’s impatience, Tony grinned in spite of himself and let his hands wander beneath Steve’s shirt. Following a thought, he pinched his nipples.
“I thought you were asleep.”
Steve's nose scrunched up adorably at that, but he was otherwise out of commission. Tony pressed himself as close as he could get without causing Steve any pain, and closed his eyes as well.
Tony raised both brows and his eyes flicked up to Steve for just an instant. At the honest-to-god-
Steve felt… good against him. The days after that party, Tony had spent a good while thinking
There was no doubt in his mind that Steve would eventually forgive Natasha and Clint for their deceit, but that day clearly wasn’t today. His face was still devoid of all color; a muscle constantly twitching along his jaw and Tony could only imagine what went through his head right now.
At that, all the fight left Tony. And he knew that Strange was playing him by mentioning Steve, but that didn’t matter in the long run.
Talking with Tony helped. Every night, they would sit together on the huge bed, and Steve would tell Tony what had happened that day, which HYDRA base they’d raided and how many lives they’d saved.
, Tony thought, pressing his eyes closed. He’d known it’d happen, and while that didn’t make it hurt any less, he at least knew what to expect now.
“Or the Hulk,” Steve agreed, then sighed. “Sorry you can’t come with us.”
Bruce had a point, Tony
And something in Tony just—
Tony shifted upward. His hand dawdled to Steve’s chest, where he etched feather-light patterns into skin.
"I think the wet bar is… not on this side of the wall." Steve decided against trying to touch Tony, not wanting to startle him when he looked so shaken, but he did want to help Tony somehow. He sat down next to him, looking for any signs of injury.
“I’m not sure I understand.”
Steve blinked, the memory a bit fuzzy, and nodded. “Yeah?”
“Steve—”
“Team’s orders,” Natasha countered and there were fingers softly trailing over his forehead. “You’re gonna be alright, but you’re not allowed to move yet. Extremis kicked in some time after you passed out, but the rupture might take another day or two to heal properly.”
Gesturing the others to hold open the door, Steve gingerly maneuvered him over the threshold and into a room that strongly smelled like hospital. God, Tony hated hospitals.
“Officially, Bucky just killed a Head of State and about three dozen other people, Steve. Yes, he could definitely do that. Might already have. And Austria’s authorities is a whole other matter.”
He wondered what exactly it was that he looked like right now. His submissive posture, arms raised over his head and legs spread to accommodate Tony’s hips between his thin thighs. And Steve couldn’t help but briefly think back on Hammer’s words:
“If I recall correctly… wrap-up was your job,” he murmured, while leaning sideways as much as he could.
Tony watched her as she unrolled a length of gauze, pulling him forward into a hug so she could wind it round his chest, and then around his abdomen. She slowly finished bandaging, then began returning the equipment she’d used into the box. By the time she spoke up again, Tony had almost forgotten what they’d been talking about. Above them, rain roared loud against the walls, as though the raindrops drumming on the roof were trying to wash away her words.
Tony nodded. “You better.” He covered one of Steve’s hands with his. “We’ve got all day. If…” He swallowed. “If you want to go check on Bucky first…”
He tried to come up with a witty line, as his eyes met Steve’s, but the only thing coming out of his mouth was: “That’s not how I imagined this day would end.”
he okay? He couldn't answer that question yet. Even if he said he wasn’t, what good would it do? Nightmares were just a part of his life, and Tony had no way to help that.
Looking at Steve, Tony probably shouldn’t find it more hot than worrisome, but age certainly had not made him any wiser, and Steve looked about ready to lay waste to whoever would wrong Tony.
With obviously practiced movements, Tony started to move. He pulled off of Steve and thrust back down again hard, groaning in helpless rapture. Steve thrust back, too, finding Tony’s rhythm and moving with it, shoving into Tony’s ass as best as he could.
Belong to him? Yes—Yes, of course he did.
Steve shook his head. “No.” He took one of Tony’s hands in his, placing it atop his thundering heart. “
No wonder that all those voices of criticism were growing louder each day.
“Pleasant memories,” Steve confirmed with a smile and walked closer. DUM-E was rolling over to him, whirring happily as Steve petted his main strut.
“Don’t worry,” Steve assured him earnestly. “I’m with you. The last thing I want is to let you down.”
“Yes,” Steve confirmed and raised an eyebrow when Tony only stared off into space. “What?”
“God damn it, Steve. I don’t think Ross’ standpoint changed much on the short flight over. You don’t get a say whether or not you’ll have to leave. You stay, you and Bucky will go to
The words might have sounded threatening—and perhaps, in a way, Bucky had even meant for them to be. But they also came out softer than anything Bucky had said to him so far, almost conversational, and much calmer than Steve actually felt. Dropping the jeans back into the drawer, Steve raised both hands in surrender. “I’m not used to being all that careful at home.”
He’d never hated being right as much as he did now.
Bucky grinned and looked up at Natasha. “She talked his ear off about her dead poodle and he nearly died because he was too enamored with her to tell her to stop.”
Something in Steve’s heart warmed at the idea, and made him think back on their own scattered team with sorrow.
“We were ready to kill each other.” Tony wound his left arm around Steve’s shoulders, his other hand busying itself with his shirt, pulling it up.
It was too much. Steve was well past the point of drawing this out. He didn't even consider that it might be best to come as soon as he could, it just wasn't a thought his mind could process. His grasp of Tony's hair tightened—not moving him in any direction, just holding on, and maybe issuing a warning a split second before he finally climaxed, his hips jerking a little forward in aborted little motions. Tony's name fell from his lips once, twice, until he finally slumped back, spent and speechless. He glanced down then, too awed to say anything for a long moment.
This wasn't going to end well. Steve was already quite drunk. He wasn't used to drinking, let alone large quantities of the bar's strongest whiskey. His head was heavy and he felt strangely warm. Staying where he was sitting felt like the best plan for him now, and he was intent on doing just that. The world was narrowed down to himself, the counter, and now Tony, who didn't know when to keep his distance, apparently.
He’d sell the building, and then he’d start anew. Somewhere.
Steve had the audacity to roll his eyes at him. “I wouldn’t
“Tony?”
Steve drew a shaky breath. “I’m Steve,” he said. “Just not… your Steve, I think. Half an hour ago I fought Thanos in Manhattan. I only just turned up here, but I’m… I’m Steve Rogers, I promise.”
Tony only stared at him, but his lids were already closing in.
“What kind of decision?”
“Ten days ago, I was in Washington, minding my own business,” Steve said coolly. “Then I get this call from Natasha who says someone's issued a kill order for James Barnes. And that you were on board with it. I was… I needed to get him out, and you wouldn’t move. You didn’t… I told you he didn’t do it. And I
He tried to hold on to a guarded optimism, a hope flaring inside him that allowed him to sink further into the belief that maybe the United Nations wouldn’t even consider the Accords. Or that he’d discover a way to circumvent the oncoming rupture between him and Steve with some sort of compromise.
Sam looked down at the plaque for a moment, and addressed Steve without turning his gaze from it. “A unique woman, huh?”
“I don’t know,” Steve answered. “I really don’t.”
“I’ll stay in hearing range. I won’t be gone long,” Steve answered, then swallowed down the last of his meal and stood up.
“Tell me,” Tony panted as he tightly gripped Steve’s arms, “how it made you feel when I did that. Did it feel this good?”
Bruce shook his head with a deep breath. “Not knowing is worse, trust me. Not knowing what you did, whom you might have hurt… that’s always worse.”
“It does. And you don’t eat enough.”
“Found your soft spot, Romanov?” Steve asked, smirking at her.
so different from this end—it needed to happen again, and soon. "Tony..."
There was a gruff pause. Tony shrugged. “It’s… possible that he cleared up a few things for me.”
“So, make him eat it,” Natasha insisted.
The images would hopefully follow Tony through the netherworlds after all of this was over. Because it wasn’t over yet—it
“So. Can we… undo it?” Rhodey asked, looking at Strange. “Switch them back?”
Tony looked at him, and palpable fear crossed his face.
do we…”
Wincing a bit at the stiffness in his muscles, Tony rubbed a hand over his face. He walked down the hallway leading to Barnes’ cell, glancing into the examination rooms as he went. They were all empty. Of course the one time Tony had to come down here was the day Steve decided to actually sleep in their bed.
At the bay, there were people everywhere, materializing from seemingly out of nowhere. Only Tony—Tony was nowhere to be seen.
“You're
Quickly checking the corridor, Tony walked away from the UN’s executive offices, toward the research wing. Once there, he swiftly entered the storage room.
"Right, sorry," He hummed, reaching over and twisted the knob where it was still hot but not scalding.
“Daddy, can you sit with me? I don’t like it when I’m all alone in the back..,” he asked with a sad voice.
Steve nods and smiles softly. "Of course, Pete. I'll move back to New York." He whispers and smiles.
"Mm Petes, how about you go play quietly for a while?" Tony yawned, man he really was tired. "I think the both of us need some sleep time," Honestly he really just needed some cuddle sleepy time, they barely got moments like that.
Steve held Tony close and kisses his forehead once they have the gauntlet in front of them.
He sat up, placing a few kisses on his shoulder and neck. "How bad do you want me hm? You want me to fuck you hard and fast, fill you up with my cum as well? Tell me what you want and I'll do it," he lightly started nipping at his neck with a hum.
Steve smiles and looks over at Tony. "Yeah. I think that'd be nice. What do you say, Steve?"
And it ended with AIM retreating and Thor bringing back power to the Chimera saving it from crashing into Manhattan.
Steve looks up at Tony and sighs. "Maybe we were both wrong...?" He asks softly and frowns.
"I didn’t find out till i g-got home," he sniffled. "F-for 5 years-,"
"Of course, we could have a glass wall to separate, that way he can play in there while doing your work and watch him at the same time," He said with a huge excited smile.
He nodded slowly. "I-i don’t need anything but t-thank you mister...," he gave a soft smile
"Cmom please- stop teasing me!" Tony slightly huffed, pushing his hips back onto his face.
Tony gasped at the new angle, moving his hand back to where it was behind him, panting as he rocked back onto him. "God yes yes- oh god I'm so close please," he begged, throwing his head back on Steve's shoulder.
"I swear, I question why I married you," Steve mumbled with a sigh, shaking his head as he pushed himself out of bed going off to find their son Peter hoping to find him just playing to himself. Immediately, he found the basement door wide open, heading down and squinting through the glass door and found the toddler messing around with an old iron man helmet, had the helmet on, and was messing around with it.
"So what! We just give up?" Tony raised his arms out in disbelief
"Okay- well when I was captured, Monica and Tarleton had this argument- Tarleton had to leave the room," Kamala set down the tablet. "Then Monica pulled up the coordinates to this satellite called "Ambrosia","
"See? It all fits together. You know he's going to want you to make him a suit though," Steve spoke honestly, knowing how the toddler has been wanting to be like his parents.
"Oh no..," Kamala muttered under her breath. "We have to get out of here," she immediately jumped onto her feet checking through the blinds.
"We did this," Bruce continued. "And she needs your help,"
He slowly nods just keeping his arms around Steve's neck not wanting to let go. It felt nice again
"Tell me, do you want this doll? Tell me you want me, not just a hum, I want you to speak that you actually want me, I don't want this to be our one last night to be together and in the morning you'll tell me to leave and get out of your life," Steve's voice croaked finishing his sentence, one hand moving to cup Tony's cheek, his thumb stroking his cheek softly, watching tears well up a little in the eyes of the brunette.
"We don't know," Steve stood a few feet away arms crossed. "He just opened a portal and walked through,"
"Hey hey, don't take it personally kid," Tony cut in, gesturing a hand out to her before turning his attention towards his enemy. "No, this is what he does, isn't it?" He glared at him, harshly with a slightly broken laugh. "And why don't you take a good look around?" He spun around his hands out as he gestures to his trailer- his broken down aged mansion behind them. "I can't even help myself,"
"Or we could immediately screw up, sadly high hopes won’t help us this time to safety execute said time heist, i believe our like outcome would be our likely demise,"
The first one to greet him was Pepper immediately hugging him, carefully with a strain in her voice letting out a cry.
"Why don't you ever work daddy?" Peter curiously looked up at his dad as he sat down, Peter in his lap.
Tony froze in his place hearing the two-syllable word turning his attention to the teenage girl once more- the uh Kamala as she said. He noticed how awkward she was by the way she tried to look at him and smiled at him. He noticed the way the size of her hands would increase and decrease whenever she wanted- god he felt even more guilty.
"Oh, 3000?" He smiles. "That's a lot." He kisses her forehead. "You know what? I love you 3000." He smiles and slowly gets up. "Goodnight princess."
"It's been 23 days since Thanos came to Earth," Rhodey cut off Natasha for a second before she continued.
He nudged him with his elbow. "Shhh,”
Steve nods and smiles. "We really did. We got Peter back and everyone else. Morgan is safe too. She's with Happy." He whispers. "Everything is okay now."
Peter huffed. "I'm sorry I was mean," He mumbled with a pout.
At 15 he got bit by a radioactive spider and became spiderman with the support of tony and the rest of the team, the two fought side by side nothing too big but the day that the Chitaturi came back- they had Thor and Bruce back but it wasn't enough and peter was smashed into a building with the big alien thing.
"He still wears the ring you gave him," she said softly to him. "He's had all that bottled up for three years, steve,"
Tony smiled nodding at him before lifting their son in the air like he was flying as he headed to their garage. “Village Boy to the car~,” he said trying to get his mood up and it seemed to work as he emitted giggles from him.
"Oh definitely," he walked with him to the elevator. "Best soldier and experiment,"
"He can be from what I remember," he said with a laugh.
"Tony.. what are you...," It seemed like he was just waking up- like coming out of a coma, he muttered to himself about these stupid difficult straps and wires. "Where am I?" When he was finally unhooked and out of the sphere, he wasn't expecting Steve to be dead limbed as he fell into his arms, knocking him to the floor with a huff, but Tony didn't even care anymore as he held the man tight
"It was a heist, Bruce-,"
Tony took his hand squeezing it as he leads him out seeing peters smile on his face
"Bit dramatic don't you think," Tony sarcastically replied.
"Me keeping your son from you- i still feel guilty-,"
He looked over a little surprised. "Y-you do?" He asked before he went into a fit of coughing
He heard Morgan going ew but he smiled into the kiss pulling away looking at Morgan. "You won’t do that till you’re older-,"
Kamala's eyes widen as she quickly comes over to the computer to look at the green chat box that appeared.
"Tony I'm going to need you to focus-,"
"Yeah, and he'll probably take that ring off as soon as he wakes up..." He sighs. "and I don't blame him if he does..."Steve looks over at him slightly, clearly, he has been crying for the last couple of hours. "I deserved what happened... But I still care about you..."
"Morgan and Happy already went... i think they got it handled,' he laughed a little, was this father's love he’s been missing out on so long? Soon Morgan and Happy came back with balloons and juice pops
"I was serving the commoners when it started raining bolts of metal from the skies,"
After hanging up and thanking the woman, Steve didn't know what to do. He was heartbroken, to say the least. He had no one after the snap. His best friend Bucky was gone, Wanda... Vision was killed by Thanos... Sam..T Challa.. all he had left was Romanoff, Shuri, and Banner, Thor stayed with them after the war, he couldn't bear it anymore he had lost his home... Asgard and about everyone in it along with his childhood friend who was also his adopted brother, poor Thor, wanted revenge for his brother.
He pulled on one of his light jackets and walked back out into the night.
Peter jumped a little surprised. "Yes- No- I-i don’t know Mister Rogers,"
"Roger that, buttercup,"
He smiles faintly and looks at the small bundle in Tony's arms. "He's so tiny." He chuckles.
"It is unbelievably good to see you," Nat piped up.
Steve sighs as he and Natasha drive to the compound. He looks up from the package in his hands. He hadn't gotten much just a picture of him and his son in a simple picture frame. He sighs again nervously, hoping that Tony wouldn't be too mad. He looks up at Nat and smiles nervously. "I hope doesn't punish Peter for this." He says softly.
Steve chuckles and kisses his cheek. "She got up? She was asleep when I checked on her." He laughs.
Name: Peter Benjamin Parker
"Scour the Earth, you will not find our lab," Bruce proceeded to ignore the woman as she raised her voice. "The Adaptoids will launch Bruce!" she watched Bruce turned around to face her as the doors closed and the angrier she got. "Saving the world requires sacrifice!"
"Hey Mr. Rogers.., if you find this recording- most likely redhead is showing this to you if she gets this- Don't... Don't post this anywhere this is going to be a real tearjerker- I don't know if you're ever going to see these, I don't even know if you're still,"
"Y-you're not playing with me right now.. right?" He bit his lip a little shaky. "This isn't- some prank you're playing on me- say sik-,"
[Tiny_Dancer: you are in danger]
He started tearing up at Steves words immediately pulling him into a hug hiding his face into his neck almost just started apologizing for his actions in Wakanda
It was Tony who came first, from Steve pegging onto his prostate, him leaning down to kiss him passionately, whispering soft romantic things into his ear, telling him how good he was for Steve, that brought him to the edge, cumming all over the medical wings bedsheets, throwing his head back, trying to recapture Steve's lips once again moaning as Steve groaned from yim clenching around his cock feeling him fasten his thrusts as he feels hin cum inside pressing right on hid prostate.
