Emily leaned forward, capturing Arya’s gaze with hers. “Ayra, tell me the truth: why did you bring me back here?”
“Yes, Minister,” Zacharias answered, and a moment later there was one less person in the room. The bind around Emily’s mouth was starting to hurt now as it had been slowly been absorbing the unnatural heat from her body. She hoped they would take it off soon. She was no fool; even if she tried to use her fire she would be vastly outnumbered by the other wizards. Best to wait and consolidate her power if she wanted to get out of this mess.
He nodded. “That’s what Harry and Dean told me. It’s also part of why I came here. I was wondering if I could use the library to read up on some lore, maybe try to find out more about Emily.”
Harry couldn't breath. He couldn't move, couldn't think or speak. He had dreaded those words ever since he had killed Voldemort, though he never thought they would come true. He felt like a hand had curled around his throat, forcing all the air from his lungs. Hermione and Mrs. Weasley gave a little shriek and all eyes turned to Harry. He didn't know what to say. He couldn't move. He couldn't
Emily's hands were still clutching her head, but now her eyes were closed. Meeting Arya seemed to have caused some sort of painful reaction in her mind.
you again. I can’t let that happen. So if there was even a chance that you were alive I had to bring you back, to where you could be
“No, not really. He does this quite often though, wouldn’t be too worried about it,” the man said. “So you’re not here for a case?”
Ron rolled his eyes. "Honestly, the 'angel' thing sounds like a load of dung to me. That guy is just crazy."
At that very moment, the door opened and in sauntered Sherlock himself, taking off his purple scarf and long black coat. He saw Emily at the window and stared at her with a strange, almost hesitant look that was deeply unsettling, as though he were trying to pick her in a lineup.
“This way,” Cas said, walking straight ahead. They followed him closely, not wanting to get lost in the fog.
“Well, the Ministry said he blew up a building or something. They said he left a message- ‘Lord Voldemort has returned’. No one’s seen him though.”
The man shrugged. "I dunno. One had blond hair, the other black. Both were askin' about that girl your friend was lookin' for."
Thor snorted, gazing up at the stars above. If he concentrated really hard, he imagined he could see the faint glow of his home. “You have no idea.”
Emily stared straight into Loki's cold eyes, then wrenched her arm free and walked out of the diner, the little bell tinkling as the door shut behind her.
Eragon staggered backward, cursing at him. At the same time, Ron ran forward but tripped on his robes. Arya leaped toward him and put a knife to his throat. She wouldn't let anyone hurt Emily.
Emily snorted and everyone turned to look at her. Arya saw a few eyes widen in surprise as they landed on Emily. Did they know her?
This must have been a blow because these was another stretch of terse silence. After a few awkward moments, Sam said, “Look, I know you don’t know me and think that I shouldn’t be here, but Harry is right. Emily is innocent.”
A small bed was pushed into the far right corner of the room, neat and made but decorated with holes from negligence. A writing desk, armchair, and dresser made up the only other furniture in the bedroom.
Loki took something out of his pocket and gave it to Thor. It was a small picture frame with a black and white pencil drawing inside. The drawing was of a woman with dark skin and long black hair standing next to a small girl with large, innocent eyes and freckles. A star was visible on the girl’s forehead. Emily Rose. Unfolding the paper, Thor saw a proud looking woman with long hair and almond shaped eyes standing on the other side of Emily.
But why should they be? They had no reason to trust him, even Loki would see that. He wasn't known for playing well with others, after all.
Hermione seemed to recognize them too. “Oh! I thought you looked familiar,” she gasped. Turning to the pale man she said, “Draco, this is the detective Harry went to see, the Muggle in charge of the bombing case.”
Emily wasn’t sure who she was, or what had happened to her, or what would, but she finally allowed herself to begin to trust Ayra; her sister, the only one she knew for certain was telling her the whole truth.
The lynx swirled in the air, wisps of white smoke melting around it. It landed in the middle of the main room, its light feet leaving no marks on the bright carpet. The lynx turned to face Harry, it's bright head tilting to one side. "He's back. He's back. Tom Riddle has returned," Kingsley's deep voice echoed from the silver animal.
Cas, Arya, and Thor were the only ones who weren't looking at her with intense curiosity. They looked worried and even a little frightened- maybe of her? They knew something that the rest of them didn't, and they sure weren't sharing it with her.
Emily sighed and lay back down on the cot. She was so tired of being questioned constantly. So, so tired...
was a statement. If the Americans were getting involved with British problems, than something big must have gone down. Maybe it was terrorists, or another nation threatening nuclear war. These were only of few of the detective's deductions.
"Well, I still think you shouldn't have let them wander away will nilly, looking for the most powerful person we have met in a
Emily sat up straight, surprised. She badly wanted to know this herself, since she lacked the memory of when it happened, but why was Arya so concerned? Did she really not know the reason why Islanzadi had sent Emily to Hogwarts all those years ago?
Harry glanced around the room, as though looking for an ally. It seemed to Emily that he knew some of the people in the room. A young woman with blond hair and wide eyes gave him a look of confusion and pity. A man with a scar on his neck wouldn’t meet his eyes.
As soon as Arya pushed aside the moss blocking her entrance her mind picked up on several whispering tangents from around the forest. Strange sounds wove through the air, as though the very trees were gossiping to one another. Far away minds whirled about like dancers at a festival, except joy was not the leading emotion.
"I'm just saying, Sam, we need to know the full extent of this. If angels are after her, what about demons? What about Lucifer?"
“Wake me up when we get there,” Emily yawned, closing her eyes and leaning back in her seat. She was asleep withing minutes.
A tear ran down Dean’s face; he had never heard anyone say that to him before. Cas reached out a hand and wiped away the tear, and Dean grabbed his hand and kept it pressed against his cheek.
Sam leaned forward, his mouth set in a thin line. “She was killed on Christmas Day, somewhere in New York City. A bullet through the head.”
, like the one on the plane, was set on the side of the largest building. They set down on a landing pad just to the side of it.
Harry led him up the path to a set of great oak doors. As he pushed them open, warm light spilled out onto the grounds, warming the chill air momentarily. Inside lay a huge opening hall set with marble stairs and more floating lights. Another set of huge doors were open to the side, many voices streaming out of it.
Arya sighed and held up a hand. Mumbling in the ancient language under her breath, she flicked her wrist and the dust and dirt vanished, leaving a relatively clean (if somewhat worn down) room.
“Apparently in order to raise one soul, you have to exchange something of equal value. So if you died right now, we could bring you back by killing someone else. If Cas died, we would have to kill another angel to get him back. An equal exchange, that sort of thing,” explained Sam. “But to bring back millions of people… well, we don’t know how he could have done it, but we have some theories.”
Robin loved reading mystery novels. Not the ones with the secret hidden twist at the end that no one could have predicted, where the detective astounds the world with their brilliance. She loved the cheesy, buy for a dime, generic books where every move and twist had already been written hundreds of times before. When asked exactly
Every noise in the room instantly vanished. The flickering of candles, the rattle of wind outside the window, even the quiet breathing of the three women vanished into one breath of air that stood still on the queen’s lips.
“What the-” Eragon started, before shaking his head and following Castiel into the warehouse, giving up on getting any answers.
Loki lowered his gaze to the willow tree, still not looking at the thunder god. “Don’t tell me you didn’t expect me to. You know who he is already, I assume. And you never did care enough to stop me in the past, so don’t try now.”
"I dunno, but a lot of people come this way and it's not too far off from the bunker. We should just check it out."
The blond man interrupted the woman before she could answer. "We are looking for a girl named Emily. She has red hair, silver eyes, and a silver star on her forehead. Have you seen her?" His accent was vaguely British but blurred slightly, as though from a distorted record. His blue eyes had a fire in them that Cas had seen in few people. There was a magic to him that seemed to seep out of his very essence.
“CASTIEL,” a voice roared, interrupting him. They looked down and saw Lucifer smiling up at them. The demons all had blades in their hands, and Dean had frozen at the outburst. His gaze found them and his eyes widened. His shook his head mutely, his mouth gagged.
Ancient words of a magic Cas did not know flowed from her mouth. With each sentence, Arya’s palm glowed brighter and brighter, until the whole room was alight with its glow. Cas could sense new wardings and shields being placed around the bunker, meant to protect the inhabitants from outside threats.
"You are just a child, it was obvious as soon as I saw you that you do not have the malice to do something like that. Your shock at meeting me shows that you didn't expect me here at all, which means you aren't going after anyone involved in the case- even more innocent. Of course, this could just be a facade, but I doubt it. I know when someone is lying. Also, I examined the limited evidence that was left at the crime scene and the footprints in the ash are very curious. They go from a man's down to a girl's in two strides, with no trace of more than one person. This alone would be enough to satisfy me, but I must also consider the way the deed was done. Why would you openly show yourself in front of the tower, when you could have been normal and hid? Maybe you're mad, but I threw that out after meeting you; you are very much sane, I would think. So no, I do not think you had anything to do with that tower exploding, but someone went at great lengths to make it seem so."
“You are a good person, Dean. You are kind, determined, stronger than anyone I have ever met. You save people. You do what no one else will do because you
The men exchanged a glance. "How did you do that to those angels? I've never seen anyone blow fire like that before," the short man asked in a skeptical voice.
John closed his eyes and grabbed Sherlock's hand. They stood there for a long time, held together by their entwined fingers, watching London move below them like a behemoth beast.
Cas sheaved his blade and turned to walk out the door. Before he got to it, the woman grabbed his arm. "We are coming with you," she stated in a commanding voice.
Cas put down the phone, thinking. If Sam had run into someone and was in Upstate New York… well, at least he was safe.
Harry and Ron were chatting in their office when Kingsley arrived. Fred had returned to the Burrow so that he could tell the other Weasleys about what had happened, and Hermione was waiting outside for them. Hopefully, Ginny would start to gather as many Order of the Phoenix members as she could. If Voldemort was back they needed to be prepared.
Loki. When Arya had met him at the bunker, she had a terrible feeling of deja vu as she looked into his eyes. She had seen those eyes before, had she not? Yes, she was sure she had, but she just couldn’t place where.
Emily meets some of the Order and receives interesting news from Sherlock Holmes. Dean gets kidnapped.
The other ministry workers glared at her and murmured under their breath. They did not approve of her snarky attitude.
Arya’s eyes flew open, the memory from long ago fresh in her mind. Emily’s tiny face, so innocent and trustworthy, haunted her thoughts. Where had that child gone?
“Yeah, well,” Malfoy muttered, staring down at the table. “They won’t be the last to suffer if we don’t do something about it.”
“Your story is a compelling one,” Rogers said after everyone had finished speaking. “I don't think you bombed those buildings.”
Eragon drew his sword, Hermione and Ron their wands. They followed him down the dark staircase into the depths of the unknown, Rowena watching them go.
“Sorry, can’t chat,” Sherlock yelled over his shoulder as he raced up the stairs. He entered his flat and shut the door, just to make sure Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t follow him.
Eye-witness Peter Crown says, "There was this huge boom, and I felt the ground shake. I turned around and saw the tower smokin', with fire blazing out the windows."
As they entered the Queen’s chambers the strange feeling only grew. They were surprisingly minimalistic, considering that they were for a queen, but Emily had a strange feeling that nothing had changed since she had last stepped foot in these rooms. That was even more surprising considering that Arya had been queen for quite some time, and would probably have changed part of the decor.
Harry Apperated on the side of a road in America, his wand at the ready. The Ministry had sensed an alert here and had sent them, the Aurors, to investigate. Kingsley thought that the person they were looking for, some convict girl, might be here. The setting sun blinded his eyes for a moment, too bright against the blue sky. Fields of golden grain waved at him from behind a fence, their tall stalks visited by dragonflies and other insects. Ron appeared next to him, looking around in bewilderment. "Bloody hell, what happened here?"
Arya's face was masked in shadows. Before she could reply, footsteps reached their ears and Harry and Hermione walked into the room. Arya stood up and crossed her arms. "What are you doing back here?"
“They better not be gone much longer,” the stranger muttered, throwing himself on the bench across from Hermione.
Dean walked briskly into the little bar, determined to keep himself awake by drinking some booze. Maybe not the most efficient way to keep from sleeping, but it was certainly the most refreshing. The bar itself wasn’t that impressive, filled only with a few very late goers and a young man who was cleaning glasses behind the bar.
And with that, he walked out of the hall. A few other Order members left as well, including Sirius and Lupin.
They had been wandering around London for an hour now, trying to find out how to get to Baker street. The wizards had agreed to let Arya and Emily go to London to search for Sherlock Holmes so they could find out the truth about the bombing (just as long as Harry accompanied them).
. But John… there was no way John could be part of this trick. John would never willingly participate in such a thing, and he had been by his side since they left Ireland.
"Now this is absurd," continued Kingsley over the noise. "The dead cannot be brought back. No magic can do that; it is the
“Actually, there’s another suspect,” interrupted Harry. “The wizard Tom Riddle, better known as Lord Voldemort. He also returned from the dead, and we think he may have something to do with this. But we're not sure yet.”
Harry frown at her words. “Nothing, and that’s the problem. There has been no news besides more reports of dead people being alive again. Riddle has been completely silent so far and no one knows what’s happening.”
“I see,” Dumbledore said and stood up, starting to walk down the hall. “I must go now. Miss Rose, I will see you later. But one more thing.”
. And hadn’t Sherlock made the same promise? And Harry? Hadn’t they all told her they could help, that she was safe with them?
“Sir, I know this must all sound insane, but we really do need your help. If you could help us find a man called Ron Weasley that would be a start-”
But most of all, Robin loved Emily. She loved the way Emily smiled at her whenever their eyes met, the way her hair would fall in front of her face and the unconscious way she would push it back. She loved the way Emily laughed- throwing back her head and turning red with merriment. She loved sitting with her head on Emily’s sturdy shoulder, their fingers entwined and legs pressed together in that close comfort she only found with Emily. She loved when Emily sang along with one of their favorite songs, her beautiful voice only enhancing the music.
“Do you think this is Moriarty?” John asked, breaking his train of thought. The doctor still seemed distracted but he focused on Sherlock as he talked, searching his face as though looking for some hidden answer.
on the side was hovering above the buildings, looking for a place to land. It did so right in front of them, people clearing the street as to not be crushed. The door opened, a ramp sliding to the ground, and out stepped two men.
Harry and Ron exchanged a worried glance but didn’t try to interrupt, unsure of how to salvage the situation or indeed of what would happen next.
“Alright, let him go,” Rogers interrupted, dragging Emily off Thor. The girl threw back her head, staring at the ceiling, her feet dragging against the floor.
The sky outside was slowly turning a pinkish hue when they pulled into the gas station. Next to it was a small bar that seemed to still be open. They got out of the Impala, stretching and groaning as they popped their stiff joints.
They reached the Great Hall again and Hermione said, "Come on, let's get some lunch. You must be hungry."
Cas stared at him, confused and conflicted. What was he talking about? He just wanted to know if Dean was alright.
Emily blinked, once. A blink which contained a million emotions. “Yes. I remember your face now. And the tone of your voice. The cold clip of words as you scolded me. The way you would look at me, as though trying to figure out who I was. How you left the room as soon as possible when I entered. But no, I do not remember you, or this place. I have tried many times since entering this world, but to no avail. I woke up with no memory, and with no memory I remain.”
Arya glanced at Eragon, who just shrugged, then set off through the forest. She could feel the presence of many minds not too far away from them. Using them, she navigated her way through the dense thicket of Du Weldenvarden.
Emily looked back up at the crackling fireworks, thinking. She felt strangely calm. Maybe she had been through so much in the past day that her brain just couldn't be bothered with any more fear. "You're Lucifer," she said. "The one Sam and Dean are hunting. The Devil." Another firework burst in the sky, forming weird images like a necklace, a snake, and a gun.
His troubled expression told her that he was getting increasingly desperate. If the dead were really back for good, with the Devil and a dark wizard at the lead, than old rules didn’t apply. Surviving was all that mattered.
He glanced up at John, who was biting his lip while watching the video over his shoulder. “What is so important about this? That woman with the headband told us all of this already.”
Before either of them could so much as shake their heads, Harry Potter ran into the room closely followed by Arya, both of them obviously just roused from bed.
Arya caught the suspicious look that faced over her sister’s face. It still pained her to look at Emily. She was overjoyed, of course, that her sister was not dead after all but rather alive and seemingly whole. Yet Emily was different. It wasn’t just the absence of her memories that had changed her. In spite of the loss, or maybe
Emily opened her eyes to the dim pink sun setting on a dusky sky, the stars starting to creep out in tiny silver bunches. Her head was pounding and she couldn’t make sense of what had happened. Was that a dream? A memory? She didn’t know.
. Strange aspects are a part of you, whether you like it or not. I accepted that a long time ago, and to be honest, I like it. Life was always a lot more interesting with you around.”
Cas stared into his eyes. Those hazel-green eyes he had always loved, that always looked upon him so kindly, were now full of… nothing. It reminded him of what Dean’s eyes had looked when he had the Mark of Cain. Anger, insane glee, but most of all, a blank emptiness.
The old man squinted at him, as if trying to see his face better. "Yeah, actually, I have. Fellow came in earlier today, lookin' for some girl, and left with a young man and woman. Said he was headin' north."
The girl crouched down by the rubble, trying to move it so she could get his leg out. It wouldn’t budge. The smoke was getting thicker and thicker, and she heard a bellowing crash from her right. The boy was coughing terribly and Emily was having trouble breathing herself now.
“No, Ms. Bones,” Kingsley said, holding a hand up to stop the witch. “He deserves to know. The Winchesters hunt magical creatures, or as they refer to them, monsters. As you are aware, the magical community holds werewolves, vampires, shapeshifters, and other types of ‘creatures’ in its numbers. However, creatures that are wizards are much different than their Muggle counterparts.
She walked through the kitchen into the main room. Some books from earlier were lying on the table, looking old and musty. A takeout bag and a pile change sat next to the books. Emily stuffed the cash into her pocket. As she reached the middle of the room, a voice called out behind her.
He walked toward the bar knowing that Dean would want to hear this immediately. When he opened the door no one was there. The only sign of life was a knocked over shot cup on the floor. Cas knelt down and picked it up, turning the glass in his hand. It was still warm.
“Ok, hold on,” John said, holding up a hand to stop the argument. “Look, I don’t trust Rose either. But maybe we should focus on bigger problems, like Moriarty?”
Harry sighed and stared down at the bacon. It was arranged into a smiley face, but the end of one of the pieces was broken off so it formed a little bacon smirk instead. “Believe me, I know. But we still don’t know how the dead are back and I can’t concentrate on anything else. I mean, no one’s ever done this before. What could have happened?”
Eragon was studying Fred, his eyes narrowed slightly. Apparently this boy got suspicious fast. “So, I’m still a little confused. Arya didn’t really explain this whole ‘the dead are coming back’ thing to me. Did you say you don’t remember anything about how you came back?”
She reached out and hit him in the head with one of the heavy books on the table. He fell to the ground, and Emily checked to make sure he was unconscious. She stood up, looking down at him.
Once upon a time, not so long ago, there were three students at Hogwarts who were the best of friends, close as family. They went through thick and thin for one another; knocking down mountain trolls, fighting giant serpents, defending against dementors, dodging dragons, organizing a resistance, and falling in love. They spent years battling, learning, and laughing together. The bonds they created with each other, both magical and ordinary, still remain to this day, only growing stronger with the passing time. The three friends never stopped trusting each other, not even when all seemed hopeless. They were family from the moment they met.
Setting the picture down with exaggerated carefulness, the young detective made his way over to the writing desk.
Harry studied him with surprise. “No Muggle has ever set foot in Hogwarts as far as I can tell. But it's as good a plan as any, I guess."
Thor found him standing under a sweeping willow tree, right outside of the cottage. He looked the same: slick black hair, green and gold leather armor that fit his tall frame, his coffee colored eyes shining in the bright afternoon light. Loki didn’t turn to face him as Thor walked upon the leaf covered grass, the loud
The sirens screamed and screamed in time with her beating heart until the only thing the girl could see was blue hair and red lights. She felt like she was going to be sick.
Faint screams of pain and madness sometimes reached their ears, unnerving all except Castiel. He seems too focused on the task at hand to notice the other’s discomfort. After a turning down a few tunnels and doors, Hermione started to hear a clamor of voices from ahead. Cas gestured for them to be silent and they crept forward.
He stepped back and a crown appeared in his hands. It was silver and delicately carved in the shape of roses, with tiny rubies placed as petals. He held it out to her.
Cas’s mouth seemed unable to close as he gazed around the room, eyes wide with shock. Arya guessed that those in the room before them had been brought back from the dead like Emily based on the angel’s peculiar expression.
Neither Emily nor Arya spoke. They just stared at their mother, already transfixed by the words that leaped from her tongue.
So all in all, he was not easily perturbed by strange cases. This, however, was a kind of weird he had never encountered.
“There’s an entry on Lucifer in this book,” Sam told them, placing a hand on a large, leather bound volume that looked like it hadn’t seen the light of day for centuries. “It’s really old, but it mentions that the Devil, trying to influence Christ, raised the dead to show him the extent of his power. In the tale it describes the dead as ‘bearing the same resemblance to their once living selves; not a scratch or mark upon their raised bodies’. It’s not much but it’s somewhere to start.”
Sherlock looked down at the hand, speech momentarily lost to him. John swallowed hard and removed it quickly.
“We can’t,” Sam sighed. “Not until we get more information. I told you, the man who I spoke to, Lupin, said he would scout out the situation first. We just have to wait.”
Perhaps Hermione sensed Arya’s uneasy mood, because they walked in silence until they reached the library.
There wasn't much emotion in the conversation. It sounded like they were talking about the news, or the results of a sports game. Like it didn't matter enough to show a reaction. They were both superb actors.
She could hear people talking in what must be a huge hall hidden by a pair of double oak doors next to them, the scent of food filling the air.
There was a pause in which Emily and her mother continued to stare at one another. Then the Queen sighed and gestured toward a door. “We have much to discuss. Come, daughters. We shall talk in private.”
Ron looked down at the table, deep in thought. “You’re right- there hasn’t been anymore news of other bombings. Does that mean Voldemort bombed that building in London and Emily is just getting the blame?”
"Oh, for all my luck, I have to meet you," sighed the witch, her Scottish accent familiar. Her brown eyes sparkled with tiny lights of anger. She was wearing a tight, ankle length black dress, the same dress she had been wearing when she died. Her curly ginger hair fell over her shoulder as she lifted her chin and said, "Are Sam and Dean with you?"
Emily glared at her. “When I left Sam and Dean, he found me in a diner in Nebraska. He told me who he was and offered to help me. I refused. He said he wouldn’t be the only one to come after me, and he was right.”
Perhaps it was for the best that Emily left. She knew what awaited her child in that cold, magicless world where she had once stayed, not knowing what choice to make. Should she stop her? Should she follow and face the consequences of her actions, knowing it could only lead to sorrow? But if she went, if she stopped him… could she save Emily?
Robin turned to meet Emily’s gaze again. “Do you know what I found inside?” When Emily shook her head, she said, “There was a man standing in your living room, holding a picture frame in his hands. It was the one of you and your sister, remember? It was odd. He looked so familiar, but I had never met him before. I asked what he was doing there. He said, ‘You’re Robin, aren’t you?’ I said yeah, what of it, but he just tore off part of the drawing and replaced the frame on the mantle. I asked him what he wanted. He said, ‘Did she ever mention me?’ I didn't know what he was talking about, but I don’t think it really mattered. He wasn’t listening to me. He touched my shoulder and suddenly I couldn’t move. He stood in front of me and said, ‘I promise you'll be okay’. I didn't want to believe him, but there was something in his eyes that just.... it was empathy. Pure and simple empathy. The next thing I knew I was in a dark room. I must have been there for a few hours, and then the door opened and there you were. And everything was okay.”
“Where I come from, it is called the ancient language. The words of power make up its vocabulary, and one cannot lie when using it. Those with training such as myself may also use the words for spells or enchantments,” Arya explained, running a hand through her dark hair. She looked weary all of a sudden, as though she hadn’t slept in days.
Robin loved sailing. She loved cruising along the calm surface of a lake, the sun warming her skin, the gentle sound of water slapping against the side of her boat. She loved sitting against the mast and gazing up at the sky, lost in the peace of her thoughts. When she finished sailing she would always be sunburnt and tired, but the day on the water far outweighed her discomfort.
The two men walked down to them. The first man stopped in front of her, his arms crossed over his chest. “Did you do this?”
Lestrade squinted against the smoke. “There has never been this scale of sequenced bombings before. Whoever is doing this is well resourced and
"Sam," Dean called as they opened the door. "We're back with some bad news." There was no answer. "Sam?"
Emily thought as she stood up beside Sherlock. Apparently, the detective was on her track of thought. "What's an Auror squad?" he asked, but Mrs. Hudson wasn't finished.
"I'll say it again, angel, you really are the good looking one," Rowena purred from the other side of the car. Cas turned to look at her, his sky-blue eyes narrowing slightly. "Oh, don't look at me like that, I'm just teasing you!" she laughed. "Look, Cas, I know we've had our differences, but if you find something on people like... like me, just give me a pop and I'll come over."
With a yell, Sam attacked. A bullet sailed through the air, intending to find it’s mark in the middle of the god’s head. But Loki was quick and moved before Sam even pulled the trigger. A knife slide into each hand, and the god slashed at the hunter. Sam stumbled back, but before Loki could so much as raise a hand Cas slammed into him, and they both toppled onto the ground.
Cas watched Dean idly browse the shelves of books, his fingers brushing lightly against the leather spines. He picked one blue volume and returned to the table with it, casually opening it up and flipping through the pages as though vaguely interested in what it had to say. Cas couldn’t remember the last time he had seen Dean read a book without being told to do so by him or Sam.
“This was given to me by my fellow students,” she continued. “I was in Slytherin while at Hogwarts, and I was one of the few who did not support Voldemort’s rise to power. There was a boy… I don’t remember his name anymore, but he was in Gryffindor. He was a bully. I came across a group of older Slytherins beating him up and tried to stop them. They petrified me and gave me this, as a reminder of my house and who I was ‘up against’, as they put it.”
“THOR!” the purple shirt man exclaimed, jumping up. The young boy in the kitchen dropped his bagel, wide-eyed.
hoping for someone with more power, but an angel will do for now.” He snapped his fingers and the demons charged.
The silver star on her head glowed in the semi-darkness as Emily said, “Come on, we haven’t got all day.”
“Fill her up, will you? I’m gonna go get a drink,” Dean mumbled to Cas, tossing him the keys to the car. Castiel rolled his eyes but did as Dean asked.
Arya matched her mother's frown. "What am I supposed to do? Travel throughout the land and ask if anyone is raising the dead?"
of that makes any sense. First of all, why would Emily ever work for Moriarty? What’s her motive? And even if she was, it would make
“Grand,” John said, picking up his phone. “I can try to call him, if you like. Might actually pick up.”
“So you banished me?” she demanded, the heat making the shouting in her head louder. “You made the mistake of having me, then decided you couldn’t be bothered and just threw me away? How is that fair! You got rid of me because you couldn’t stand to know that you made a mistake, not because I didn’t belong! You’re my
Mr. Weasley held up a tiny, glinting object. It took Harry a moment to realize it was a hairpin. “I haven’t spent my whole life studying Muggles for nothing, you know.”
Emily closed her fist and the fire disappeared. The heat was still there, but now it only burned in the center of her. Where her heart was. She had been aware of it since the moment she woke up in that field, but now she knew what it was.
Sherlock tossed a book over his shoulder, continuing to search through the boxes. “There is no logical reason for this, none at all. I doubt they are telling the truth, but that just makes the case all the more
She stopped in the middle of the room, looking around her in awe. This room was filled with memories that she had no part of, but hummed with meaning all the same. The music suddenly stopped and Emily whirled around. A tall, lanky man with black curls and some slight stubble, dressed in a blue dressing gown and slippers, stood in the kitchen with a violin in his hand. He tilted his head at her and said, "Emily Rose. What an honor."
The sincerity in her voice caught Cas off guard. He looked deep into her eyes and saw that she meant it. For better or for worse, this woman wanted to help Emily. Cas imagined going up against Rose alone, and gritted his teeth. He could use all the help he could get.
"STOP," roared a voice from the center of the crowd, and a bolt of flames shot into the air, disappearing before they hit the ceiling. "EVERYONE. SHUT.
“Weird,” mumbled Ron, glancing at Hermione. It seemed odd that Emily had come back with all these other people but couldn’t remember who she even was. Only others like Dumbledore could testify for her previous existence and character.
John’s face brooded more questions than strokes on a painting. Draco’s face warned off those questions, but Sherlock knew John wouldn’t care. Already tired of the soon to be stand off, Sherlock pulled his attention away from the conversation. His mind swirled together a confusing concoction of memories and theories. If Hermione was right, then where did that leave Moriarty? Had he just pinned that note to confuse them, or was it deeper than that?
He stuck the hairpin into the lock on Ron’s and Harry’s cell and jiggled it around. A minute later there was a small
The tension in the car was palpable. Even the most clueless person could sense that something was deeply amiss. Cas and Dean had been driving for the whole night to get to New York, but they were still far away.
The feeling was still there as the three of them settled into high backed wooden chairs at a triangular table. Arya looked so much like their mother. Each had the high cheekbones and slanted green eyes, complete with straight black hair underlined with dark purple. They both sat tall and proud, every muscle poised with royalty. The only difference between them was that Islanzadi’s skin was of honey, and Arya’s a soft brown. In comparison to them, Emily felt about as similar as a worm to a dragon. She was paler than any of the elves she had seen, with light silver eyes that shone like stars. Her squared jaw was framed by curly red hair, a good sight lighter than the midnight heads of her relatives. Both elves towered over her, even when Emily wasn’t leaning back in her seat, legs crossed and posture slightly slouched. If there had been any doubt in her mind that she and Arya did not share the same father, she only had to blink.
Once upon a time, not so long ago, there was an elf, a dragon, and a boy. They grew closer as the years passed, changing from allies to friends to family. They cared for each other as much as one can care for another; their love kept them together even when they were worlds away. Even in the face of despair they found solace in their world- a grass ship, a blue scale, a whispered name of truth. They fought for freedom in the face of tyranny, and in the end they were still whole. They were the friends that never died.
There was another rumble and the ceiling ahead completely caved in, blocking her view and the entrance. She looked around, trapped. Rubble and fire seemed to block her at every turn. She couldn’t jump through the flames with the boy, but she couldn’t go back either. Emily spotted a small ray of light cutting through the fallen ceiling. She ran toward it, almost passing out from the smoke. She pushed past the stone, cutting her shoulder on a piece of corroded metal sticking out of the pile. The boy clutched her jacket, his head buried in her shoulder.
“Death Eaters don’t use telephones,” Lupin mused. “It’s beneath them. Besides, we would know soon enough if they were lying. I’m going to talk to him.”
“Yes. They managed to get the bullet out quite easily, even though Madam Pomfrey has never dealt with something like that before. Sherlock should be fine as long as the wound doesn’t get infected.”
They faced each other, a small, defiant girl against the tall, devious man. They both sat slightly leaned forward, their hands clasped on the table in front of them, their feet planted firmly on the ground. Emily was starting to get a bit worried. She didn't say anything, but her eyes must have betrayed her feelings.
She hadn’t expected to land in Elesmera when she, Eragon, and Emily stepped through the rip in the world. After all, Arya and Eragon had left Alagaesia through a rip in the Great Plains, not Du Weldenvarden. So how had they entered the heart of the forest?
Arya thought as the gasp escaped her lips, vibrating in the empty space around her until it sounded like a thousand voices screaming in her ears, screaming a truth she didn’t want to hear anymore.
Just then, the door burst open again and two men, one with black hair and one with red, stormed into the room. They each held a long stick, which they raised and pointed at Emily in unison.
They pressed on for an indefinite amount of time before finally reaching flat ground. Hermione squinted to see, the only light coming from tiny flaming torches. Shadows creeped along red bricked walls covered with frost and ice. Thick fog blocked what little view they had ahead. Tunnels and doorways seemed to be the only structures that made up the dark, uninviting landscape of Hell.
Malfoy was in the courtyard, sitting on the side of the fountain, his head bowed as though in prayer. He looked up as Harry stopped ten feet in front of him.
“Sherlock!” she shrieked, catching the cup before it could fall. “What’s happened? I heard on the telly there’s been another bombing. Where’s John?”
Dumbledore raised a hand for silence. “Miss Rose, you said you have no memory, so how do you know that this really was the Devil?”
“How the hell is magic real?” John asked, yet again, from where he was sitting across the room. Sherlock sighed, trying hard not to roll his eyes. John had been asking that for the past half hour, ever since Sherlock had dragged him down to ask Lestrade for files on the bombings and told him about his conversation with Emily.
John stared at the paper with Sherlock, horrified, then looked up at Lestrade. “Does this mean Moriarty did this? He’s really back?”
Cas knew he should stop, but he was transfixed by the way Dean stared at him, his eyes filled with so much trust that they had to burst any second now, right?
“Are you ok, Dean?” asked the angel hesitantly. “You’ve been acting odd ever since we got back from New York.”
Rowena faced the circle on the wall, chanting over the goblet. There was a sudden bright red light and all the sound was sucked out of the room. A moment later, a tall oval appeared in the wall, showing a dark staircase leading down.
Sam looked up at the silver stars, twinkling in the inky sky. How had he and Dean not known about this type of magic? They were hunters; they knew so much about supernatural creatures and magical beings, yet even they didn’t seem to know everything. What else were they missing?
After a few more minutes of polite conversation the two men were driving on the road that led to their destination.
Stark glared at him and crossed his arms over the glowing metal piece in his chest. Banner seemed too preoccupied to notice what Loki had said.
He knocked the scientist out and left the building. He wouldn't stand still any longer. It was time for action.
Emily got up and found her discarded clothes cleaned and neatly folded on the table. Pulling them on she headed toward the door, but before she could open it in walked Arya, fitted in a new tunic and leggings, her long black hair braided neatly down her back.
She studied Banner. His eyes darted around constantly, as though afraid of a sudden attack. He obviously had a temper based on the way he fidgeted- impatient for something to end, or scared? His well ironed clothes, pristine glasses and short hair pointed to either a scientific or medical career. She guessed scientific because he fidgeted too much to be a doctor and didn't have the quiet patience most medical degree owners, like John Watson, wore.
"But you knew that already," drawled Moriarty, never turning from the window. "That's why you're here. I assume you want something?"
echoed through the empty halls of the bunker that drowned out the sound of her feet pounding along the floor.
“He wanted to come back with me to find more about demons and angels and everything else we have to deal with,” explained Sam, walking down the metal staircase and patting Dean on the shoulder. “How you holding up, Dean?”
He stood very still by the window, his eyes following the fast moving figures that flew across the ground, thinking, thinking...
Emily wanted to take Robin’s hands in hers. She wanted to wrap her arms around her and never let go. She wanted to run her hands through that tousled blue hair and kiss her until she forgot everything and everyone but the girl in front of her. But for now she had to content herself with staring into those piercing golden eyes, and tell her the truth.
Before Emily could answer Harry said, “We read about it in the newspaper, Mr. Scrimgeour. The Muggles also believe he had something to do with the bombings.”
“Emily, you are right. It is high time I tell you about your past, at least the part that I know,” the elf said.
She heard the sound again, straight ahead. Pushing past smoking rubble, she ran toward it. Flames danced before her, blocking her path. Without thinking, she jumped, sailing right through the fire and landing on the other side unharmed. Not stopping to contemplate the wonder of not being burned to a crisp, she continued to run toward the screams.
“So,” said Dean, interrupting her thoughts. “Now you know about some of your past. What do you think of it?”
Emily did not answer immediately. Even though she could see this man was dangerous, she felt slightly drawn to him. It was hard to admit to herself that for a moment, if only a moment, she was tempted. Maybe this man could help her, even if it was unintentional. But he also scared her. The angels and the threat of Lucifer didn't seem real enough to her, so she couldn't really be scared of them. This... man, god, whatever he was, was an ancient, powerful being seemingly capable of anything. When she looked into his eyes, she couldn't see very much, only a small spark of curiosity and... was that contempt? Maybe. If she followed him, what would happen?
Sherlock got up and started pacing, his fingers still under his chin. Harry and Arya looked on with wide eyes. “Maybe. Just maybe. But no… it can’t be. What about the Ministry you were talking about earlier?” he directed at Harry.
He had been driving in one of the extra Men of Letters' cars for about twenty minutes when the road exploded. Sam swerved hard to the right and managed to avoid being hit by the blast. When the smoke finally cleared, Sam got out of the car and looked at the spot where the explosion had happened. A crater fifteen feet wide had been created in the road, and lightning flickered around a tall, bearded figure who stood in the center. The figure stepped forward, and Sam saw it was a very muscular man with short blond hair and a clean cut beard, holding a spear. One of his eyes was covered by a leather patch and the other flickered with purple lightning. He wore a brown leather jerkin and jeans. In short, he looked like a very fashionable pirate with weather issues.
“Long story,” Ron interrupted. “Look, we only came here to ask the people who found Emily about something we
She paused before answering, choosing her words carefully. "I met two men who told me I might be in danger, so I decided to try to get far away from where I appeared. I took a plane to London and wandered around until I met the man you found me talking to." She didn't even attempt to tell them about Loki, not until she could trust them.
"I told you, they won't do that. You didn't see that woman's eyes when she pleaded for a ride. If anyone can help her, it's them."
Dean Winchester was, by no means, a perfect person. But there was something so distinct about him, so
He shook his head. “No, I never even heard her name until the other day when Arya asked me to come here with her. She might have died before I was even born.”
The reaction was not one Emily would have expected. John and Sherlock froze, turning to stare at her in shock and trepidation. John glanced at Sherlock, biting his lip and drumming his fingers on his knee.
,” he pointed at Emily, who rolled her eyes. “You all get a say because you can testify for her whereabouts from the past few days.”
Eragon sidled up next to her and pushed a branch out of their way. “It’s good to be back, isn’t it?”
Sam took another step toward her. "Please, Emily. Stay. If you go out there, you will get hurt. Don't do that to yourself." His eyes told her he was completely sincere, in wanting to help her and of knowing the pain in the outside world.
“A triple homicide with no clues or cause of death? That’s much more interesting than a bombing,” the detective replied coolly. He felt John squeeze his arm slightly, warning him to be cautious.
Cas nodded. He knew Dean and Sam didn’t stand a chance against highly trained wizards, but Emily, Arya, and Harry might. He tried to step closer to Dean but stopped as the wizards in the doorway pointed their wands at the small crowd.
Then there was his hair, short and always ruffled; the deep brown of chestnuts roasting on a fire. His eyes, two hazel orbs held down by dark bags more often than not, always calmed the angel like a cup of hot chocolate on a chilly winter night. Cas dwelled on that bawdy yet gentle smile often, often trying to bring it back to the hunter’s face.
“Well, it is the truth. When we get your memories back, the gaps will fill and everything will make sense. I promise.”
Emily's eyes were assaulted with beautiful statues, carvings, and the overall warmth of the castle. She could see some staircases from the end of the hall and they were
They had Apperated into the forlorn state of Kansas under a stormy afternoon sky. Grey clouds the colour of smoke filled up the heavens in an endless abundance. The wind was stronger than usual, and the smell of rain pushed against the witch’s nose.
He blinked, trying to orientate himself. Every inch of wall and ceiling was covered in inky black paint, over which was painted thousands upon thousands of tiny silver stars, twinkling with every movement he made as they reflected the fading light from outside. The floor stood out in its wonted wooden planks against such artistry.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. I'm the detective in charge of bringing you in," he said cheerfully, propping his violin on the table.
“We can’t stay, Harry,” she said, silver eyes blazing. “You don't have your wand and I don’t have my sword. We have to
He opened the gun to check if it was loaded. One bullet was lodged in the wheel, all ready to be shot. Sherlock tossed the gun back in the box with disgust.
The man stared up at her, those grey eyes examining every inch of her. He blinked, nodded his head ever so slightly, then got up and gave his newspaper to Eragon. "I don't know where she is, but I can bring you to some people who might be able to help you. And in the meantime, this might give you some information."
The wizards holding her nodded and in an instant her mouth was covered in a strange black material, her hands tied behind her back with the same substance. They also took her wand. After she was securely tied, the wizard holding her lifted the immobilization spell.
“Fine. I will go investigate the Muggle murders. The rest of you can try and find the Dark Lord’s whereabouts,” Draco said.
“If there was any news about Riddle, we would know by now,” Ron said. “All the Aurors would, but Harry would be the first.”
There was a pause. "You have a point," said Ron. "But even if we wanted to go, Harry and I can't. We've been posted to Hogwarts and we can't do anything about that."
Arya stood up and slowly left the room. No one noticed. She thought about Emily and Robin curled around each other, lost in dreams that they chased more fervently than anything in life. She recalled an image of Emily, straight backed and proud, bathed in moonlight, her silver eyes glowing with determination. She thought about the way Islanzadi started at her other daughter, as though she were a rabid dog about to attack.
Castiel just shook his head. His loyalty to the Winchester brothers came first, he had proved that time and time again, but he couldn't drag them into
Emily finally found the source of the sound. A young boy, no more than the age of eight, lay on the ground, his right leg pinned under some rubble. His dust covered face was streaked with tear lines as he looked up at her. He reached out a hand, crying, “Help me, help me please!”
Cas grabbed Dean’s arm and shouted, “SAM, COME ON!”. The three of them ran from the room as fast as they could, dodging streaks of lights. They raced down corridor after corridor until they reached the library. Sam locked the door and pushed a table against it, but Cas doubted his efforts would keep out the wizards.
Sherlock grudgingly left the embrace of the willow tree and walked back to John, still pondering the carved heart.
Harry stared up at the dark ceiling, tiny slivers of light dancing on it from the windows. “I dunno. I don’t think she was ever a Death Eater. I mean, she’s
“Right,” Sam said nervously, fingers tapping the wooden table in little startled bits. “Emily told us a lot tonight, but there is still a lot left unanswered. I, for one, would like to know why Lucifer is working for Moriarty.”
"Ah, I heard about that. It's such a pity no one has been arrested yet," said the man, nodding at the article. His accent was very British, his voice smooth and entrancing like a lullaby.
The girl shook her head. "No, this was an accident. I heard that music and I just followed it here. Why? How do you know my name?"
Arya shook her head. “I do not know. Our mother sensed your death and took me to Midgard where we found you. You had a head wound of some sort, though I did not recognize it.”
"Miss Rose," the black haired man said, "My name is Harry Potter and this is Ron Weasley. We are bringing you in on suspicion of bombing prominent buildings in London and the use of magic in front of Muggles."
"No, but we need to know if she's alive. I'm her sister, so if you know where she is than please tell us," Arya pleaded. She didn't know why she was telling this man about her sister, but he seemed so strange, so out of place like them, that she had to at least try. She had to find Emily, even if that meant visiting every town and city in the damn world.
He nodded, taking a deep breath. “Ok, here’s the plan: You and Ron stay here. Eragon and I will sneak over to Dean. When I give the signal, you will create a distraction and-”
The third was the woman standing in the center of the room. She was as tall as Emily was short, dark as the girl was pale, with skin the colour of hammered bronze. Her raven black hair fell to the middle of her back, and her leaf green eyes bored into Emily's silver ones like lasers. Her face was filled with shock and... was that hope?
Security cameras, all facing Sherlock, John, Hermione, and Draco. Way too many cameras for one ordinary family, way too many for a safe neighborhood. And they were all watching them.
She placed her head in her hands, rubbing her temple to alleviate the headache starting to build up in her skull. “But I wasn’t the one who eventually activated the rings. Whoever, or
“You need to see this,” the doctor said, pulling out his phone and handing it to Sherlock. He was standing so close that Sherlock found it hard to concentrate on the phone. He frowned at the screen, which showed a video about to play.
Emily woke with a small shout. The screaming in her head was louder now, but as she tried to latch onto it it disappeared again, and she was left in silence. Yet another memory, this one just as confusing as the rest. She had been at Hogwarts, that much she was certain of. The boy had on Gryffindor robes. But who was he? And why had he stared at her like that, with a piercing anger that unnerved her even now?
Islandazi studied her face, green eyes taking in every inch of her daughter, from the star on her head to the dirt on her boots. She said nothing, just inspected her like a painting in a museum, trying to figure out the meaning behind the piece.
They were standing in the middle of the great plains before a tiny circle of stones. In the middle of the circle was a small ripple of air, almost as if there was a rip in the world.
As soon as the angel was gone Emily plunked herself onto one of the chairs at the table, stretching out her legs and arms. Arya joined her, gracefully settling herself into the seat opposite her sister.
Arya’s eyes examined the room before she nodded and stepped back, clearing the doorway. “Since you are up, I want to show you something.”
“Eragon, Malfoy. Malfoy, Eragon,” Ron said distractedly. “Eragon came back with Hermione and me, he’s here to help.”
As they walked out into the cool night air, Harry said, “I have to return to Hogwarts. If Hermione and Ron left for a message, it must have been something big. You should come with me, Emily. I can't let you wander around by yourself."
“Sherlock, there’s something you need to see,” he said. He led them to the front of the building, where a note was stuck onto the ruined door. It hadn’t caught on fire yet, so it must have been put there recently. Lestrade pulled it down, read it, then handed it to Sherlock without a word, his face a mask.
Emily squirmed in her chair, uncomfortable in the large, cold bunker. The grey interior was depressing, for Emily did not like the underground. It made her feel trapped and pressed in. Across the table she was at sat Sam and Dean Winchester, one relaxed and one stiff. One was tall and one short, both with equal expressions of suspicion and curiosity. Their eyes of brown and green were unsettling from across the metal surface, as there was nothing for her to hide behind.
Cas picked himself up from the ground and hurried toward Dean. A trickle of blood ran down his head, caused by its impact with the wall. He stopped in front of the hunter and gently took off the gag.
Emily stepped back into the building, looking around. A set of stairs led up to what must be a number of flats and a small corridor led to a little kitchen. No one seemed to be around. As she caught her breath, she became aware of the sound of a violin. It was a soft, melancholy piece that floated through the silent air like petals in the wind. She moved up the stairs, closer to the sound, and stopped outside of the open door to flat B. No one seemed to be inside it, but where was that sound coming from?
"Yes. That's why I was so relieved to see you; I thought you were dead. But with every other deceased person returning, I guess you did too."
“It’s just… how can the Devil be so interested in Emily if he’s never even met her? How has he heard of her and what does he want? There is no way he just wants to hand her her memories and not want anything in return.”
A terse silence filled the bunker, unexpectedly broken by Dean’s booming laugh. He slapped Emily on shoulder and said, “You’re all right, kid.”
"She's kind of an Asgardian legend," said Thor. "She can breath fire and has other magical powers. Very powerful. Very dangerous."
Emily tried and failed to wipe to dust and ash off her face. “Some would say bravery and foolishness is the same thing.”
The five people charged. Emily sliced her sword in a wide arc at the first one to reach her and cut him on the shoulder. The move had been born out of pure instinct. He staggered backward, screamed, and a jet of blue-white light escaped from his mouth. The unconscious body fell to the ground with a
“What, indeed. Queen Islanzadi is certain though. She said not a single elf who died before we buried you has returned. And she would know, as she is older than you or I can imagine. It is odd. Elves, dwarves, urgals, and humans have all returned, but any magical creatures like dragons or monsters have not.”
The angel entered the room himself then, closing the door to the kitchen and choosing a seat across the table from Dean.
Balthazar took the paper, scanning it. His eyes widened slightly. “I’ll try, Castiel. But be careful there, won’t you? I know he’s down there and God knows what he wants. And I understand,” he said, grabbing Cas’s arm as he started to walk past. “About waiting. Dean always comes first, I know that. He always has.”
“Cool!” the boy at the counter yelled. The man with the metal arm was studying them, his brow furrowed slightly.
and taking Emily with them. If he had an imagination, he would have put such an occurrence down to that, but magic was more plausible than an imagination to him. So had it all been real?
Sherlock threw himself into the chair next to John. He closed his eyes and within a matter of seconds his face was clear. John marveled at the way he could just shut off emotion at any time. He sometimes wished he could do the same. Like now, for instance.
Cas took another few steps as the Auror spoke until he stood right next to Dean. The memory of their conversation still burned fresh in his mind as he whispered into the hunter’s ear, “Get Sam and follow me when the fighting breaks out. We can’t take them.”
Kingsley sighed heavily and rested his chin on his hands. “Do not lie to us, Potter. We know who the Winchesters are. They have come close in the past to discovering our magic. And now, thanks to you, Mr. Weasley, and Ms. Rose, they know about Hogwarts.”
“Well, we need to go find Sam. He’s in New York. Once we find him, we can tell you what you want to know,” Cas told them.
As the party of three made their way toward the great wooden doors that marked the main entrance to the palace, elves started to emerge from the trees. They did not bow, even though two riders walked before them, but instead stared with wide eyes that seemed too big on their narrow faces. Arya ignored them, trying not to show how unnerved she was. The piercing looks were all directed at Emily. She had hoped that her fellow elves would have forgotten about her sister, but it had only been a bit more than twenty years. The blink of an eye, for an elf.
She looked up then and Emily was surprised to see tears in her eyes. “I couldn’t lose you again, Emily. Those people, they want to hurt you. To
But who could have taken the golden ring? Emily remembered clearly the feel of it against her collarbone as she ran through the streets of New York, how comforting it felt as she heard Moriarty promise her death. Had the hitman stolen it off of her body?
As she walked through the now quiet crowd of wizards, she wondered what they knew that she didn’t. Loki and Lucifer knew whatever it was too- she was sure of it. What if
“No idea what that is,” Emily said, following them up the ramp, Arya and Harry behind her. “And I honestly don’t care.”
Arya walked briskly after the messenger, who lead her to the Menoa tree, where Eragon had once found a sheet of star metal. It seemed like millions of years ago, when they were still free of responsibility and the weight that comes with ruling. A huge crowd of elves were crowded around the tree, but they made room for Arya. Their faces, which were usually impassive and blank, were full of shock and confusion. When Arya reached the base of the tree, she understood why.
Cas stopped with his hand on the car’s door. “I don’t rightly know where they are. That’s why I have to get going.”
It was a small, messy place with a few aisles of snacks and whatnot, complete with a tiny counter, behind which stood an old man with a few grey hairs on his head. Out of date lotto cards made up the centerpiece of the large rack hanging on the counter. Crates and boxes were stacked up against the walls, taking up most of the unoccupied space. There were only two other people in the store; one a pale young man with short, wavy blond hair and sharp cheekbones, and a dark-haired woman with a proud figure and bronze skin. Both were tall and oddly dressed in leather jerkins and pants. They both had long scabbards attached to their belts. They seemed out of place in the dingy little store, as if they had sprung from the pages of a book straight into reality. They were out of this world.
Another suspect named is the criminal James Moriarty, one of the country's most top wanted men. Though his death was confirmed by the government months ago, rumors of his death being faked have already begun to circulate. There have been no more suspects named as of now.
“Why would she do that?” the girl asked, confused by the proposition. “It doesn’t make sense for her to lie and it’s unlikely she would even know because she lives in
“Then I must be in cahoots with him? That before I died, I was one of his followers? Who knows, Harry. Certainly not me, but I would love to find out,” Emily said calmly.
"All our lives we have been taught that no magic can raise the dead. It is in our history books, our songs, our art, even our very souls. All who have tried before have failed, it is known throughout the world. How, than, has this happened? How have you, and hundreds of others, returned from the grave?" Arya asked softly.
There was a pause, then about a quarter of the room stepped forward. She saw a red-haired man standing next to an identical version of himself, a woman with bright pink hair, a man with tired eyes and grey lined hair, a man with a glass eye, the man with the long, shaggy black hair, a man with a long silver beard, and many, many others. They all looked at her with a fixed weariness.
Arya nodded. "Then Firnen will take us. Meet me at the turn of the river where we first parted in two days."
“Well, I thought- and Lestrade agrees with me on this!- that Moriarty was saying that if we don’t find out what she’s up to,
"No, no," she muttered. Her silver eyes flew open and met Arya's gaze, and Arya didn't see her sister there. There was a stranger in her skin.
Dean patted his back, leaving the hug quickly, his eyes never leaving the god. Thor himself was studying the newcomers with a confused look on his face.
A blazing heat surged through Emily. It started in her chest, spreading along her arms and legs until it reached fingers and toes. It spread up, through her lungs and neck and finally her head where the words stormed out, hot as any fire.
“It’s too late to turn back if we aren’t,” Hermione answered. She studied the blond man. He had followed them, two strangers he had met merely a day ago, into
Harry turned to face her, shocked. "What? Hermione, she's dangerous. You said so herself, if you found her you'd call us and we would take her in. Well, you found her, so let's just get this thing over with."
“We don’t know, but it’s a start at least,” Sam said, stifling a yawn behind his hand. “Where’s Cas?”
"Do you?" Loki stopped in front of Cas and raised an eyebrow. "Oh my, you're an angel, aren't you? I haven't seen one of you around in a long time."
Sherlock just chewed his lip, his eyes drifting to a far off place. A ring came from John’s pocket and he pulled out his phone to see Lestrade’s number illuminated on the screen.
Sherlock let out a small laugh. "Why would I ever involve the police in this? They are slow, useless, and extremely annoying. Besides, it's obvious you didn't do that bombing."
The upper floor of the cottage was in the same condition as the rest of the house. He had to push aside a swarth of cobwebs as he reached the landing. A narrow hallway complete with three doors, one of which led to a bathroom, greeted him as he wiped the sticky webs from his fingers. Sherlock pushed open one of the doors and found himself standing in the starry sky you can only see at night in the countryside.
The sound of footsteps accompanied some murmuring as the crowd moved deeper into the bunker, out of sight of the main room. Cas started to follow but stopped as Dean didn’t move.
Arya and Emily looked nothing alike, except for the fact that they were exactly the same. Arya was made of oak wood that resided in the summer shade, its emerald leaves resting in her eyes, complete with raven black tresses. Her whole body stood in a frigid, regal posture that convinced anyone who met her not to get in her way. Emily was carved from marble shining in the moonlight, with star-like eyes and curly hair formed from molten lava. Her soul burned with fire hotter than a desert during midday on the summer solstice, hotter than the sun and the stars and all the planets in the sky. Yet despite their difference in appearance, anyone with eyes could see that they were sisters when they stood side by side. They both stood proud and tall, stalwart figures in the turmoil around them. They both could stop an army with the force of their glare. But most of all, they both had this look in their eye, like they knew exactly what was going to happen and didn’t like it one bit, and were going to oppose it with their whole being. And anyone who got in their way was going to pay. And as Islanzadi watched her two daughters walk away, she couldn’t help but agree.
“Maybe?” she muttered, berating herself for bringing it up and wondering how Dumbledore could know that.
Lupin placed a hand on his shoulder and steered him toward the couch, forcefully planting him on it. “Calm down, Arthur. Tell us what happened.”
“I remember you,” the doctor said slowly to the woman. “You were the one who burst into our flat and took Emily away. Hermione, right?”
Emily suddenly twisted her arm out of Ron's grip and smashed her head into his. He fell to the floor, dazed. She quickly turned and ran out of the hallway, back onto the bottom floor, shutting the door behind her. She looked down at the chains, opened her mouth, and breathed fire onto them. The chains melted off of her hands, but the heat and fire didn't hurt her. It just tickled a bit.
Hermione looked down at her hands for a moment. "What if I went alone? I could try and track her down, maybe find out what she's up to. If I can find her, I can call you two in since it
“I can’t explain everything that I’ve done,” Harry said slowly, choosing his words carefully. “We were all scared. We never thought the dead would come back. It’s
The plane ride was uncomfortable to say the least. Emily and Tony were annoyed to be in such close proximity to each other. Arya always marveled how quickly her sister could rub others the wrong way, always unwelcoming and sarcastic to anyone she met.
Anger flared up in Harry. She had been dead for so long he had almost forgotten her face. But no, she looked the same as she had when she had killed Sirius.
The sky was a pale blue without a single cloud to fill it. The kind of sky parents force their kids to play under. The long golden grass danced as a faint breeze whistled through the air, stirring up pollen and dust from the ground like metal flying to a magnet. A large golden sun sent down rays of warmth from its throne in the sky.
Rogers led them through the massive compound, built like an expensive training facility combined with a business building, to a large room with a kitchen, a comfy sitting area with couches and chairs, and a fireplace. One wall was made of nothing but glass so they could see the sun setting through the trees. A couple of people milled about in the room. A boy sat on the kitchen counter eating a bagel, talking to a tall guy with a metal arm and black hair. Sam Winchester sat in one of the chairs, chatting to a curly haired man wearing glasses and a purple shirt. A tall, extremely muscular man with short blond hair stood at the glass wall, staring at the sunset, deep in thought. One of his eyes was covered with a dark eyepatch.
“You can do magic and I came back from the dead, but the goddamn Devil is too crazy of a concept for you?” Emily snapped.
As he stared at the hunter, silhouetted in moonlight that poured in from the open castle doors, Cas couldn’t help but feel a pang of longing that pierced his heart painfully.
Sam shuffled in his seat. "Well, that's the point, we don't know. You can't remember anything, and we have no info what so ever on him. Anything could be possible, but it's just as likely he
is Midgard? And why would you even want to go there? Shouldn't we focus more on problems closer to home?"
“Look, we’re both on the same side in all this. We want to stop Voldemort. So why don’t you help us instead of going off on your own? You’ll be better protected and we’ll have a better chance of defeating him if we all work together.”
It was Emily. People backed away from her, until the only ones left near her were Harry, Eragon, Arya, and Ron. Eragon and Harry were no longer fighting but were looking at Emily with apprehension. Arya backed off of Ron, staring at her sister.
She was on her feet now, hands curled into fists. She felt like she was on fire, and for just a moment, she imagined she could see the flickering of flames around her shoulders, beneath her clenched fingers. And then she realized that it wasn’t her imagination- the flames
Arya hesitated a moment, then stepped forward and hugged him. “Farewell, Shadeslayer. Take Firnen and my blessing. I know he misses Saphira just as much as I do. We shall see each other soon.”
“Sam is right,” Cas said, still looking straight into Dean’s eyes. “You’re stubborn, Dean, and arrogant, and fool-hearty. You think you can solve every problem by yourself. But even you know when you need help, and you’re never too proud to ask for it. You’re not stupid. You would never do something like this. You’re-” Cas struggled to control the tremble in his voice as he finished. “You’re better than that.”
“I-in Hell, in a room filled with papers. It was on top of this folder, but I don’t know what was inside it. Why? What does it mean?”
Something about him seemed a little off. He looked normal enough, with shoulder length black hair slicked back on his head, and eyes the colour of frozen coffee. He wore a black and white suit with a long overcoat, which was a bit odd in the summer heat. He looked up as Emily entered the diner, nodded, then went back to his tea. Emily ordered a small coffee and sat at a booth in the back of the restaurant. The waitress brought her coffee then went into the back.
Emily turned to glare at him. There was something in her that made her every action graceful, even a full hearted glare. It was… disturbing.
Harry stood still, not wanting to break the man's gaze. For a long moment, they just stared at one another, then the man's eyes rolled back into his head and he passed out. "Get him to the Ministry, now!" Harry commanded.
Cas stared at him for a moment as if he wanted to say something else, then turned and disappeared into the depths of the doorway.
Emily raised one fiery eyebrow. "He said he didn't think I had anything to do with the bombing. Also, he was, well..." She wanted to say weird, but that seemed an understatement for Sherlock Holmes.
was magic, Muggle,” sneered Draco. “Those with it can do unimaginable things, including killing without a trace.”
Robin loved playing basketball, whether by herself, with friends, or just watching didn’t matter. She loved racing around the court, dodging between her opponents with sweat trickling down her shirt, dribbling the ball away from greedy hands. She loved the moment when the ball hangs on the edge of the goal, tethering from side to side, deciding which way to fall. She loved the pounding of her heart as she raced across the court to block an opponent's move. She loved drinking cool, relieving water and laughing with her friends as they celebrated another game well played, slick with sweat, exhaustion, and happiness.
"You should come with us. There are more of them around here looking for you, I bet. You're going to want someone to look at that shoulder, anyways," the tall man said, offering her his hand.
Taking a deep breath, the angel reached out and took hold of Dean’s hand. And Dean didn’t pull away. Dean just kept staring into his eyes, and Cas never wanted to look away.
Sherlock glanced at him and his expression softened slightly. “There’s nothing we can do until he reveals what he wants. We just have to wait,” he turned back to his brother, frowning. “So what do you know about Rose?”
A grin slowly emerged on Dean’s face. It wasn’t a smile Dean had ever made before. It was a grin of malice, of glee, of trickery.
The way she looked at her, it was like she expected Emily to know the answer. It was the same look Thor and Castiel had given her, the same accusatory glance that made no sense to her.
Hermione nodded and continued. “We could also try and investigate the murders. Why did Voldemort attack these particular families?  Why did he kill a Muggle family? Is there a connection?”
"Yeah, well, how do you know that, Cas? You just picked up some random people off the street, talked to them for
Islanzadi was looking at the green dragon, her forest green eyes soft in the light. Those were also a gift she had passed to her daughter. She was methodically tapping the edge of the wooden table, sending a light
Her attention was drawn to Emily as the plane hit a spot of turbulence and swerved sharply, causing the girl to grab her upper left arm.
“This plane came down and two men came out and spoke to ‘em. They left with ‘em and flew off not five minutes ago.” As she finished her sentence, the woman broke out into another fit of coughing and they helped her to the paramedics.
Queen Islanzadi stood as they approached. She walked toward them, each step bringing her closer to their eye level. The two parties stopped in the middle of the hallway.
Harry rubbed his eyes under his glasses. "The worst thing about this situation is that I believe you. I don't know why but I don't think you're lying, which complicates things a lot." He looked up at Hermione and sighed. "I think you're right, Hermione, we have to dig into this case more before we tell the Ministry we found her. I trust Kingsley, but with Voldemort on the loose we need to be extra careful. This dead rising thing..."
“I fear we all are. Just, look after him,” Mycroft sighed, watching as the doctor nodded and left to follow the detective. He lifted his head, as if in prayer, and closed his eyes. Thinking. Always thinking.
If his brothers and sisters could return from the dead, maybe the angels were not doomed to extinction. As for the demons, did that mean Crowley would return? He didn't know if that was good or bad.
The paper had a picture of a smoking building on it, with the headline "The Next Shell Centre?" on it. Arya say Emily's name in the article below and her heart fell. What had Emily done?
John glanced at Sherlock, who tried not to meet his gaze. Moriarty must be talking about that slip of paper he had found in the box.
“She didn’t do it!” Harry exclaimed. “You have to trust me on this, all of you. She didn’t do those bombings.”
They stopped next to a large column as thick as three men standing side by side. They were on the edge of an immense throne room, looking down at an unnerving scene. Eight men dressed in black suits stood in a line facing a large black and ruby throne. It seemed to grow from the ground, made of black stone as dark as ebony, with blood red glass stabbing out from it in an intense fashion. On the throne sat a man with dirty blond hair and chiseled jaw, wearing a white t-shirt, blue jeans, and black sneakers. He was directing the men in front of him, his words not reaching them from their vantage point. He admitted a dark and unnerving presence, as though he was holding a chainsaw in front of a crowd. His smile was all teeth.
Robin rested her arms on the balcony, leaning forward and closing her eyes to let the cool night air wash over her. Emily felt that same soft feeling in her chest as she stared at her friend.
“Mr. Winchester, I think you had better tell me what has transpired since you met Emily Rose,” Dumbledore said softly.
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and grabbed his coat, following John out the door. He placed a hand on the doctor’s shoulder with a gentle squeeze, trying to convey all of his emotions with one touch. But even that was impossible for the great detective.
Kingsley nodded and behind Ron, hidden by the crowd, stepped out Fred Weasley. The crowd gasped and murmured like a well oiled machine.
So he started to tell him everything, as short as he could. Still, it took most of an hour to explain the events of the past few days. Dumbledore never interrupted him. The sky above seemed a bit less dark by the time he finished, the stars starting to vanish.
Sam opened his mouth to answer but before he could, Professor Dumbledore walked over and shook his hand. “Mr. Winchester, I was wondering when you would come to us. It is an honour.”
He glanced down at the drawing. There was a tear mark on the girl’s face, blurring her features. Thor stared into her blurred eyes as the wind blew through the willow’s branches. It sounded like laughter.
A spell hit the ceiling above the fireplace and the ceiling started to crack. Large chunks of rocks freed themselves from the roof and sped toward the ground like large drops of perilous rain. Harry leapt forward, one hand still clutched around Emily’s arm like a viper, and grasped Tonks with the other. Then the world turned black.
The golden field stood still in time, holding the mysterious girl in its peaceful clutches. Despite the warmth of the sun and her jacket, Emily shivered. She had a strange feeling, as though someone was standing on her grave.
There was not a single mark on any of the bodies. He and John and five other specialists had thoroughly examined every inch of the three corpses for cause of death. Nothing. There was no sign of heart attack, poison, seizure, or any other inward fatalities. In fact, as a bewildered John informed him, you could not find three people in more excellent health, excluding the obvious fact that they were dead.
“Hmmm… well, I’m no expert, but I think you’re missing something big. I mean, who the hell shot you? Do you think you made any enemies?”
"Look, if we don't find her today, then we'll met back at the bunker and figure out something else," Dean said.
“Mr. Smith,” the man at the desk said in a deep commanding voice. “Thank you for bringing them to me. Please send someone to see if Mr. Weasley is to be found.”
“But Moriarty must be working with a wizard,” Ron interrupted. “Or else he wouldn’t have been able to cast the Dark Mark in London. Not to mention that freaky thing he did with sending all those Muggles to sleep. At least they’re all back to normal now.”
Emily gave him an appraising look for a moment, then gracefully settled herself in a chair by the fireplace. Sherlock snorted and went into the kitchen to make a batch of tea. He handed her a cup and settled himself into the chair opposite her, blowing on his drink to cool it. There was still something off about her, something he couldn't place. The way she looked at him, the way she walked and moved, even her speech sounded familiar to him. But he couldn't place her, no matter how hard he tried.
Dumbledore stepped forward. “Let’s not fight about this now. The Order of the Phoenix is looking into the murders even if the Ministry isn’t. Mr. Malfoy, we welcome your help and offer you our sympathies, but to win we must not quarrel with one another. If you wish to leave, you may do so at any time, but we would be most grateful if you would stay and
Harry punched him in the face, a punch born out of fear and confusion. There were strangers in his home, Ron had been hurt, and the man that had killed his parents had returned
The Ministry wizards directed Harry and Emily down the hall and into a semicircle room where gates guarded elevators from the crowd. They rode one of the elevators up to the highest floor, and the gates opened with a pleasant
“Off with Scotland Yard. Mrs. Hudson, have you seen anyone strange leave or enter this flat while we were out?”
“For example, a wizard that is a werewolf is entirely human unless under a full moon, when the wizard transforms into a wolf for the night. During recent years, a potion has been made that will keep a wizard’s mind with them when they transform, so no harm will occur. With Muggles it is entirely different. Most werewolves only turn under a full moon, but over the years some have been known to turn during half moons. These werewolves retain wolfish qualities even when they are human, unlike their wizard counterparts. Sadly, the potion that saves so many wizards and witches from monthly torture does not work on Muggles. We do not know why, but it may be due to the genetic differences in wizards and Muggles.
“We can’t get her back if we don’t know where she is,” Cas reasoned. “For all we know, Emily is on the other side of the world right now.”
Mycroft didn’t even look up from where he was sitting as they burst in, instead gesturing with a hand to the two chairs in front of his desk. John sat in one, hands clasped in front of him nervously. As always when he was with the two brothers, he felt extremely self conscious about what he did and said. Compared to them his intelligence was small, his input always ten steps behind.
Arya shrugged. “I do not hold all the answers, Emily. But it seems that you are connected to this… this strange occurrence. After all, you are the only one we can find who returned from the dead without their memory. You are at the center of this mystery, that much is certain.”
Thor looked back up at his brother. His brown eyes were clouded over with some emotion that he couldn’t place.
She got up and adjusted her leather jacket, still distracted by her thoughts. The leather was comforting against her cold skin. She tore off a bit of cloth from the cot and tied her long, curly hair into a pony tail. Taking a deep breath to calm herself, she exited the cell and started up the stairs. Her mind raced as she climbed the cold stone steps.
“If you are sure, I will go join Castiel and the others. I would like to be aware of current events,” Arya said, standing up and, when no one said anything, walked out the door.
but everyone seems to know me and mistrusts me for one reason or another. I don't know what is happening right now, and won't be able to unless everyone stops feeling
Cas nodded and they entered the diner. They immediately knew something was wrong. No one was in there, at the middle of the day, except for a tall man leaning against the counter. He was wearing green and gold leather armor, and had slicked back black hair. By one of the tables there lay the body of a waitress, a nasty bump on her head. She was unconscious, but otherwise unharmed.
Emily turned to face the hunter. "I'm leaving. I can't stay here, Sam. You and Dean have been very kind to me, but I have to know what's happening and I don't think I'll find out here."
“Cas! Are you alright?” Sam asked, running over to where Cas was still sitting. “Your eye is swelling up.”
He flipped through the pages, trying to find some sort of hidden message, but nothing popped up. Deciding to go through it more thoroughly later, he tucked it under his arm and went downstairs.
Sherlock was stunned into a moment of silence, not expecting such an outburst from the doctor. “A bit rich, you telling me to not be hard headed,” he finally said. “But I do see your point. I’ll try to be more careful, if that’s what you really want.”
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock threw the note back in the box with the gun and put it back in the closet. Stretching, he walked back to the kitchen and threw himself in his usual chair, deep in thought.
The older Holmes didn’t even look up from the file he was holding. “Yes, I expected something of this sort to occur soon. I’m sure you did too, brother dear. Now, why don’t you sit down?”
Loki turned to face his brother. “I can’t go back, you know I can’t. He won’t ever forgive me, not after what I did.”
Arya pressed a finger to her lips and slipped past Hermione, closing the door behind her. Emily deserved a few more hours of that precious peace. It was the least Arya could give her.
As she got a clear look at them, she started to notice little details. Both men had strong, calloused hands that constantly drifted to their weapons. They didn't have a military build, but rather a rowdy country boy air that said they were not very disciplined. So well armed and used to fighting and danger, but not military or part of a large fighting force. Their flannel shirts were clean but well worn, similar to their other clothes. No wedding bands or other rings adorned their hands, so neither were married. The way they looked at each other and moved told her they were related. Brothers, since the closeness in their age and features eliminated most other relative relations. The way they moved, walked, and spoke brought only one word to her head.
It was the feel of Robin’s hand in hers that finally gave Emily the courage to speak. She lifted her head and stared into the eyes of those before her. “Before I begin, I want to set something
It didn’t take very long to get to Salix by plane. Three hours after they exited Baker Street, Sherlock and John found themselves in a quaint seaside Irish town that would look the same no matter what century it was in.
Ron looked taken aback for a moment but Eragon just plopped into the back seat and collapsed, still clutching his stomach.
"Please, I will explain everything later, but this could be a matter of life and death for many, so we
like last time, when you thought you could handle him but you were wrong, and he almost killed you. You didn’t use any caution then and look where it got you! You jumped off a roof for god’s sake!” He paused, closed his eyes as if to recompose himself, then opened them again. “Just, don’t go into this thinking you know everything. Treat her with
Thor said nothing. He just stared at Emily the same way Sherlock had, as though he had seen her before but couldn’t place where.
Arya and Eragon both brought their fist to their chest and made the honorary greeting the elves used. Emily didn’t move a muscle, just staring at the woman who had birthed her.
Emily looked down at her goblet, swishing the remaining drink around in it. The brown liquid looked like mud, complete with little grains of coffee ground the size of pebbles. “I was on a rainbow bridge. A man appeared next to me. He told me he was here to meet me but I didn’t believe him. He- well he told me that he wasn’t the only one who would come looking for me and that I should be careful. Then he offered me my
"Well, what if I came with you?" suggested Sam. Everyone turned to stare at him. "What? Dean and Cas can look after Emily and I can go to this Hogwarts place with Harry. That way we'll be able to communicate easily and maybe I'll be able to find some more lore on Lucifer. It's a win-win."
Hermione nodded. "Professor Dumbledore, who used to be the headmaster here until he died, says you did. And if you're a witch, than you probably ended up here." She turned to face Emily. "Do you have a stick of wood, by any chance? It might have some carving on it, or other detail."
“Zacharias,” Harry pleaded, wand in hand. “Don’t do this. Hear me out and this will all make sense, I promise.”
Cas turned to Harry. “You must be Harry Potter. Your friends, Ron and Hermione, told me about you. They were going to come here with me, but they received an urgent message and had to leave. They said they would explain everything to you later.”
"I want the same thing you do," said Loki, who sounded unnerved, as he always was around the criminal. He had that affect on people. "Revenge."
Hermione sat down next to Ron and Harry and poured herself some coffee. Everyone looked on edge and nervous, but they all clearly felt safe in this castle and around each other. They were like one big family. Emily was the estranged cousin who was never received a holiday card.
Emily didn’t want to say. She didn’t think these people would harm the Winchesters, she was just distrustful by nature. But if she didn’t offer evidence they would think she was lying. “Those two men I met when I woke up, they told me something like this might happen. They’ve been looking for him for awhile.”
"Oi, you talking about a girl named Emily? I had a couple of strong lookin' men walk in here 'bout an hour ago asking the same question. Haven't seen anyone like that. We don't get much people here, so I usually remember who comes in and all," the cashier interrupted, his voice breaking the tension.
Sherlock turned to face him, annoyed. “So? Who would do something like that? Stay behind at a crime they committed not once but
Stark was staring at Emily with an appraising look. “So let’s get everyone on the same page. Monsters and supernatural creatures are real, as well as the Devil. Loki escaped and immediately went after Emily, who ran away and ended up in London with those two,” he pointed at Arya and Harry. “Yeah, by the way, gods exist too. Two bombings have happened since you came back from the dead, Emily, and in the more recent one we found you right in front of the building. You were known, before you died, as the suspected bomber of Shell Centre but were never caught. There has been only
There was complete silence in the room. Every eye was on the girl with the dark mark on her arm, the girl who had put them all down with only words. The girl who was too smart for her own good.
"No, no. I'm just here to meet you. I've heard a lot about you, Rose," Lucifer said, his voice ticking like a bomb.
The four of then Disapperated, and the only thing Harry could think about were the man's glowing blue eyes. One thing was for sure: he wasn't human.
"Emily Rose. Pleasure," a voice like a stone grinding against sandpaper purred. She turned to see a tall, lanky man standing next to her. He had dirty blond hair and a quirky smile, and was wearing jeans with a crisp white t-shirt. When he turned to face her, she saw he had red eyes.
Emily made sure to direct her next woods at Harry, who was biting his lip, looking deep in thought. “I am not, was not, and never will be a Death Eater. That is not who I am, and if you cannot see that already, than I don’t know what else to tell you.”
The girl gave a gasp, like a fish returning to water. The first thing she heard was her heart beating steadily, giving off a loud
Hermione sighed and climbed into the passenger seat. There was a deep rumble and the sky broke overhead. Fat drops of rain hit the windshield. Cas glanced at her, his mouth set in a thin line. He already looked like he was regretting bringing them. Then, with another great
She shook her head. “No. I'm not going back there right now. If I go I can't find out about my past." She turned to Arya, her eyes glittering. "You have a lot to explain,
As Sherlock passed the doctor on his way to the stairs, John reached out and brushed his hand against Sherlock’s. The gesture was so tiny, so quick, that for a second Sherlock thought he must have imagined it. But when he stopped to look back as he reached the stairs, he caught John staring at him with longing and sadness.
"It is only a quick check up. We shouldn't take more than a few days," Arya told him, not sure if she was lying or not. She
John knew there was no point in arguing- once Sherlock had his mind set on something there was no force on earth that could stop him.
Emily didn't want to face the crowd before them. She wanted time to herself, time with Robin, before she spoke to her assembly. The memories that she now possessed… she didn’t quite know what to make of some of them just yet. And she
have, except we kind of ran into her unexpectedly. If you really want to know, she's somewhere called London right now.” Eragon grumbled, rubbing his head.
It was a musty place, filled to the brim with shelves upon shelves of books. It was nothing compared to the library in Elesmera, but Arya knew it held a different kind of knowledge, one that dealt with magic she knew nothing about.
Sherlock stopped listening to the conversation. His head was pounding at a fierce rate as though he had just woken up from a nightmare. The logical part of his brain was screaming at him that this was a lie; a facade that he could see through if he only tried hard enough. Magic isn’t real. The dead
“Let’s sit down,” Arya said, grabbing Emily and leading her over to the chairs. Sam stared up at her, eyes wide with surprise. Emily sat across from him and Harry settled himself in a chair next to her with Arya standing at her shoulder, arms crossed. The boy at the kitchen counter was still goggling at her.
, and Cas hadn’t even noticed. What if they had never found the real Dean? He couldn’t bear to think about it, to think about a world without Dean Winchester in it.
“So,” Emily’s voice swept through the room like a snake about to snap its jaws around its prey. “What are you afraid of?”
Emily’s faint amusement and confusion was not shared by all. Cas and all the rest looked puzzled, while a red-headed woman on the ground struggled with minor concern. Was the man acting strangely? Arya assumed he was just like every strong, bully of a man who expected to be in charge all the time. She had met far too many of those during her travels in Alagaesia.
“I don’t know. I don’t remember which direction we went,” Eragon answered, pushing back his wind blown hair with his right hand. Hermione noticed, for the first time, that there was an odd mark on his palm, shaped like a spiraled oval.
Arthur Weasley receives a strange call. John and Sherlock explore Rose Cottage, and Cas and Sam uncover a lie.
Arya turned to a frozen Emily and beckoned with her free hand. “Come. I want you to meet my dragon.”
Last evening, an explosion was heard across London as the Heron Tower exploded. One hundred and sixteen people were killed and another fifty-nine injured. There had been a meeting between three rivaling firms, so more people were there than regular. Half of the building has been blown off, leaving a huge smoking mess in central London.
Hermione scanned the second article. “This might be a place to start. This passage says that the current bombing is being blamed on both you and someone named James Moriarty. And the detective in charge of the case is Sherlock Holmes.”
It must have been a trick of some kind. He had run into those kinds of things before, and they never lasted long under close inspection. Maybe if he saw the men again he could find out how they had tricked his mind. Yes, that was a good plan. Wait and see, just wait.
No one spoke for a while. Each face featured a different emotion; suspicion from Ron and John, curiosity from Sherlock, apprehension from Cas, interest from Sam and Hermione, wariness from Harry and Dean. And from Arya, there was only a blank nothingness.
It wasn’t the first time she had seen fear as people looked at her. The Avengers, angels, Order of the Phoenix members; all had stared at her like she might lash out and cause them harm. It was unsettling, but it made sense. If she truly had destroyed Heron Tower, Shell Centre, and the two other buildings, their fear would be quite rational. But there was the nasty sticking point she couldn’t escape: she hadn’t bombed those buildings. Even though she couldn’t remember anything from the time of the first two, she
Arya placed a hand on her shoulder and Emily looked up into her sister’s face. She remembered the rose given to her all those years ago along with murmured assurances that she was loved. That wasn’t a lie. Whatever else might have happened, that was real.
Arya stepped forward. "You can not. We must bring Emily home, right now. We need to fix this 'dead rising' problem."
Harry would have agreed with Ron, but those blue eyes and silver wings were still fresh in his mind. If angels were real, what else was out there?
His brother sighed, drumming his fingers on his knee. “She has no family connections that we know of. She lived in a little cottage in Ireland before she died, completely alone.”
He was extremely aware of the warm pressure on his shoulder and had trouble speaking. “Er- yes, of course I’m fine. Why do you ask?”
“My name is Remus Lupin. I’m a member of the Order of the Phoenix. Please tell me why you have called us and how.”
Cas jumped up from his seat, his heart pounding. Dean looked up from his book, frowning slightly. "You okay there, Cas? You seem a little spooked."
The two strangers looked up as he entered, and his eyes met with the woman's startling oak-brown ones. Something about her gaze unnerved him. Cas started to slide his angel blade from his sleeve, never taking his eyes off of the woman.
“Yeah, yeah I am. Look, how about we meet up in Upstate New York near Lake Ontario, East Bay. I’ll explain everything later.”
They entered the feasting hall, Emily a bit more hesitant than Hermione. Her dream was still fresh in her mind and the stares everyone gave her when she walked in didn’t help with her nerves. She followed Hermione to the far right table where many people from the night before were sitting, eating and talking in turns. Professor Dumbledore was speaking to a man with shaggy black hair and clean cut beard. At least five red-haired people milled about, and Emily guessed they must be related.
She was wrenched out of her thoughts as Cas said, “Follow me. I’ll explain everything and you all can fill us in on what’s been happening in the rest of the country.”
Harry laughed as Ron finished another joke, his glasses almost falling off his face. Pushing them back on, he glanced around the Burrow, warm and homely as always. Ginny was talking to Hermione and Bill, her long red hair tucked in a neat braid down her back. They had been together ever since the Battle of Hogwarts ended three years ago, and were visiting the Burrow with Hermione and the rest of the Weasley family. It had been a long while since they had all been together, what with their new jobs and restoring the peace of the wizarding world and all. It was august, so Hogwarts would be starting a new term soon. Hermione was the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor and would be leaving soon to teach. Harry and Ron were taking a well earned break from their new jobs as Aurors, so the time to get together was well thought of.
A large compound composed of a few buildings and training facilities was visible beneath them. A large blue
Harry stepped back, glancing over at Sam, who was still staring in astonishment at the decor. “Er... yeah. Ginny, what’s happening? Where are Ron and Hermione?”
“Do you know, when I woke up on my grave, I thought I was dreaming? I figured I was in a memory, reliving a world I no longer belonged to. My first thought was to find you. I knew that once I was with you I would be fine, memory or not. I went to your cottage. I knew as soon as I saw it that I wasn’t dreaming. There was no fire lit inside. You always had a fire going, even if we weren't there. I still went inside, because I had nowhere else to go.”
“We need to destroy the rings, don’t we?” asked Arya. She was still staring straight at Emily with those gleaming green eyes, an intense fire focused on one narrow target.
"Very well," said Kingsley. "It seems that we have a behemoth problem in front of us. But before the court takes action, does this man have anything else to say?" He pointed at Uriel.
“I think that you should know who everyone is,” Hermione said into the silence. More than one person tensed and shot glares at Hermione. They obviously didn't trust Emily any more than she trusted them. “That’s Sirius,” she pointed at the man Dumbledore was talking to. “Those are the Weasley twins, Fred and George.” She pointed at the boys on the other side of Emily and they both winked at her.
The man smiled kindly at them. "A Muggle is a non-magical person, so not a wizard or witch; the owner of this shop is one. As for your car, I can not help you there," he tilted his head at them. "Are you two Muggles?"
He took a step forward, eyes fixed on his enemy. A hand clamped around his wrist before he could go any further. Turning around, he saw it was Emily who held him back.
Eragon looked around, his hair whipping in the stormy wind, seemingly undisturbed at the magical transportation he had just undergone. This troubled Hermione, who was now questioning the origin of the blond man with greater interest. How was he not shocked by the magic they had performed?
The frown on Sherlock’s face promised a cascade of questions Emily didn't have the patience for at the moment, and she held up a hand to stop him. Then, she pulled back her sleeve until her left forearm was bared. The Dark Mark curled its inky signature across her pale skin the way a writer trails ink on parchment.
They searched in silence for a bit. Sherlock flipped through the other files, searching for anything about Emily or Moriarty. The file on Shell Centre didn’t list any other suspects. It was strange, really, that the case hadn’t made any sort of progress. The bombing of one of London’s most important buildings should have been made a top priority, but the case had never been solved. Apparently some thought it had been caused by a gas leak, which was absurd. The evidence clearly stated that the building could have only sustained that much damage by some sort of high teched bomb. So what had happened?
“You see, there is some information in the word that is too dangerous to be given to everyone. Some truths are hidden to protect others, because the possession of them in certain hands would have disastrous consequences. So we protect ourselves as best we can, and hide what we do not understand from view. Out of sight, out of mind.
Emily stared up at the trees that covered the sky with their bushy heads and swaying limbs. A shadow passed her face and she looked down so Arya couldn’t see what she was thinking.
Ron didn’t answer. It took Harry a moment to catch the soft snores coming from his bed. He closed his eyes and in a few minutes, he too was sleeping.
Robin tucked the loose blue strands of her hair behind her ear before she continued. “Is everything going to be okay, Emily?”
“I was wandering around when I noticed someone following me. I ran into a flat to lose them and I met the detective in charge of the bombing cases,” she explained, sitting down again, resigned to a long and boring conversation.
Sherlock let his eyes wander over the small crowd in front of them before answering. “I don’t know. John. I’ve never seen
Arya nodded, knowing what he meant. The magic that flowed through Alagaesia, that flowed through them, felt comforting and natural compared to the magic of the other world. Midgard was flat compared to her home. Sure, there was magic in some places, but more in beings than in the essence of the world. Here, in Alagaesia, the very air shivered with magic. Nothing went untouched by it. She could feel the presence of those around her again, could summon fire and lightning and all sorts of spells. And best of all…
Moriarty turned to look out the window again. "Let the game begin," he whispered. The smile that split his face was like blood on ice.
“You were born with it. Perhaps it is some of the magic we elves are made from, formed into something else when you came into this world. Or maybe it is part of the other magic you hold, the one that the school Hogwarts teaches,” answered Izlanzadi.
“A safe place,” said Cas, opening the metal door with a strange key. “Where we can get some answers, hopefully.”
Emily honestly didn’t care; she opened her mouth and shot a bolt of flames right at the wizards. She knew they would be able to dodge the fire easily, and sure enough her flames were stopped by an invisible force before they could touch her opponents.
As they watched, one of the officers placed the tip of a long stick of wood against the head of each witness and murmured something. The witnesses blinked rapidly, then glanced about with glassy eyed confusion.
Cas tried to use the brief moment of silence to think up a plan in case the wizards found them, but his mind wandered away from him. As usual, it decided to settle on Dean.
“We knew he would come for us when we heard the news. We had betrayed him before, and if there is one thing he can’t stand it’s betrayal. So my parents locked themselves in their house while I helped the Ministry try and track him down. No one had seen him though. It was like he had disappeared again. So yesterday I returned to my office to find out that all the Goyles and Crabbes had been murdered in their beds,” Malfoy took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a moment. “So I rushed home, only to find my parents lying on the floor. Dead. It didn’t take a genius to guess what happened.”
They landed in front of gigantic metal gates and Emily breathed in the cool evening air. The two men still had a tight grip on her arms. After waiting for her head to stop spinning, Emily looked up and sucked in her newly found breath. Set against the night sky was an enormous castle, its windows spilling out a glowing yellow light. It was beautiful and strangely familiar. Emily had been here before, she was sure of it, but of course she couldn't remember. Harry pointed his wand at her wrists and chains appeared around them, restricting her hand movement.
Dean blinked at him, startled at the sudden change in conversation. “Uh, yeah, yeah I remember. You and that dick said it was the fastest way to keep a seal from breaking.”
“Yeah, that was Apperating. It’s a bit rough the first time,” Harry told him, unlocking the gates with a wave of his hand.
Emily’s eyes flashed and she suddenly kicked him away. As he stumbled backwards she grabbed his arm and pinned him face first against the ground with her knee pressing against his back, twisting his arm across his shoulders.
But Emily knew that Islanzadi was her mother. That strange feeling told her so. It was like someone was screaming from far, far away at her, trying to give her the memories she so desperately lacked. But the voice, far as it was, couldn’t be heard over the raging wind of her other thoughts, though she tried desperately to hear it.
Sherlock wanted to apologize. He wanted to wrap his arms around John and never let go. He wanted to grab his hand and run away from this place full of abandonment and secrets, to somewhere they could be safe. Instead, he turned and ran up the stairs, knowing he was a coward all the while.
After a long moment, Sherlock leaned back in his chair and crossed one long leg over the other. “How do you know that name?” He was giving her that strange, unnerving look again.
Emily shook her head and continued to back away. "No, something's wrong, something's wrong something's wrong something's wrong WHO ARE YOU?" she roared, still clutching her head. Her eyes were full of panic, her teeth gritted and lips thin.
The five of them stood panting in front of the witch, clutching their sides. Eragon sat against the wall, coughing as each breath hit his hurt ribs. Cas knelt next to him and pressed a hand to his forehead. His eyes glowed and Eragon felt the pain subside.
Cas didn’t like the way Dean was looking at Arya, as though she was an interesting new puzzle to break apart and solve.
Tony snorted. “Yeah, well, we’ll decide what to do when we get back to the compound. It shouldn’t be long, this plane can go over 750 miles an hour. I designed it myself.”
Emily looked up to see two men, one tall with long brown hair, the other bulky with startling green eyes, standing a few yards away. The bulky one had a gun in his hand. She fell to one knee, clutching her shoulder, more in shock than in pain. What had she just done? How the hell had she known how to use a sword or breath flames? She started to panic, her breath coming quicker and quicker. What was
Arya looked into her sister's eyes, trying not to cry. Emily took a step back and Arya's hand fell away from her face.
“No,” Eragon said slowly, frowning down at the table in thought. “Arya never even mentioned her. Her mother didn’t either…”
"Emily... what happened?" Arya asked. Her sister still looked the same: silver eyes, fiery hair, and a silver star set on her brow. There were no signs of death, no wounds of any kind. She was
If she dared to go, would she meet the stranger again? If she dared to go, would she ever come back?
There was a pause, then, “Do you think Emily’s dream could have something to do with all... this?” Eragon asked, gesturing vaguely with one arm at their incorporeal problems.
Scotland Yard says that the explosion was caused by a pack of very high powered explosives hidden in the center of the building. Though unsure of who caused this crime, a suspect has already been named. The same sort of bombing happened about twenty-five years ago, but on Shell Centre. Most citizens will remember how the building exploded in the same way that Heron Tower did, killing ten innocents. However, found at the center of the burned building was a young girl, who admitted to the crime while laughing. She mysteriously disappeared before being arrested, and the police never found out who did it. Only her description remains. (See: Drawing 1A)
Emily fumed silently, angry at being treated like a child. But she knew Arya was right. Islanzadi was not one to give into force. No one in her family was. She reluctantly held up her hands in a gesture of submission and Ayra let go of her. Turning, her sister walked down the hall, beckoning for her to follow.
They stood there, staring at each other, as a cloud passed over the sun. The world was suddenly darker, more dangerous without the light.
Balthazar’s mouth deepened into a puzzled frown. “Who doesn’t? She’s one of the most powerful and wanted people in the world.”
Lestrade scratched his unshaven cheek. “Well, that’s not very reassuring. We’re not much better off than you, I’m afraid.”
Eragon pulled out the piece of paper her had found in hell and smoothed out the crinkles. “I found this when we went to rescue Dean Winchester from hell. I don’t know any of the other names on the list, but it seemed important, somehow.”
Everyone was staring at her now. They all seemed weary, as though just realizing how much they didn't know about her. It was as if they had put all worry and suspicion aside to come together and distrust
They both jumped to their feet as Sam came running into the room, his hair rumpled from sleep, eyes wide with surprise.
Steve sighed. “Because your friend, Sam Winchester, told us you might be in danger. Right now you are the prime suspect in two bombings. We can’t be sure you
Emily stared at him, her mouth slightly open. "As I have said before. Many times. NO," she spat, annoyed. Her arm, which had been bandaged and cleaned by Dean, still throbbed slightly whenever she moved. The pain, however, was nothing compared to her annoyance at being interrogated by these strange men.
“Yes, actually. You know a lot of tricks, but it’s always the same old pattern with you. Nothing’s really changed, huh?”
Emily shook her head. This was a school? It seemed pretty extravagant. She didn't believe that she had ever been accepted to a fancy school like this. The dirt path that led up to the school was occasionally lit with small, floating balls of light so they could find their way. Before long, the odd trio reached the doors to the castle. The men pushed them open and in they went.
“Cas, there you are. What took you so long?” a tall, skinny man in a dark blazer said. “I gathered everyone here, like you said. Charlie, Bobby, Gabriel, Ellen, Jo, Rufus, Rowena…”
John scoffed. “He means that it’s harder for him to solve than normal cases so it’s more of a challenge. Anyways, we won’t be able to get any real clues until the police open up the crime scene to us again. It’s closed for the time being.”
“I’ll go with you,” Hermione said. “You’ll need help if the police are there, and I’m a Muggleborn.”
“WHOA, whoa,” Ron said, following him with Hermione and a limping Eragon behind him. “You can’t even tell us where they are?”
It was weird to see her sister like that. With someone so close to her, in an embrace that spoke of love. But the weirdest thing was the look of peace that lay across Emily’s face. Arya had never seen her sister look like that before, as though every worry in the world had been lifted from her shoulders, leaving only happiness behind. It made her heart ache with something she hadn’t felt in a long time.
The boy tried to get up but his crushed leg was obviously broken. He was crying in earnest now, interrupted at random intervals by rasping coughs. Emily slid her arms under his legs and back and lifted him, barely feeling his weight. She ran as fast as she could back to the entrance. Just as she caught sight of the crushed doorway there was a loud
Emily's silver eyes were shining with rage and flames flickered along her arms and torso, not burning her clothes or skin. She glared around the room, everyone quailing under her fierce gaze.
Someone slid into the booth across from her, and she looked up to see the man who had nodded to her when she came in. He looked at the paper she was reading, and smiled. His smile was serpentine and wolfish at the same time.
"Sooo..." said Emily, as Sam leaned back in his chair again, taking a sip of his beer. "Are you going to explain what just happened to me in that field, or..."
Dean walked through the halls of the bunker, calling out his brother's name, but there was no reply. He finally came back to Cas and told him, "He isn't here. He should have been back by now."
"Ah, so my instincts were right. You are not from this world, are you? I guess what with recent events, this really isn't that surprising," said the old man, his eyes twinkling sadly. "So, may I ask, what is your destination?"
The consulting criminal gazed out at the busy London streets, the familiar bustling and busy setting simply glazing over his view. The light through the tall window created a pale reflection of him. His dark eyes seemed to stretch into an eternal abyss that swallowed up the streets and buildings through the glass. His gaze consumed the entire city, destroying anything in its path.
The man leaned closer to her. "Oh, you can go, but if you leave I will kill that dazzling waitress. But if you stay, and come with me, I will let her go."
A single tear slid down her dark face and landed on the table. A perfect circle of darkness spread across the wood as the water seeped into its surface. It looked like a drop of blood.
And then she stopped in her tracks, hand clapped over her mouth to contain the gasp that begged to slip past her lips. Because Arya remembered where she had seen Loki’s eyes before. A white rose had been placed in her hair as she looked into those eyes. She had stared into those eyes and begged their owner to return with her to where they would be safe. Those eyes that held the determination, fire, and power that only one other person possessed.
“So this is Elesmera?” Emily asked as they emerged from the moss covered cave where the  rip made its home.
In response, Emily opened her mouth like a snake and fire flew from her throat straight at the Aurors. They yelled and threw themselves out of the way, throwing up shields with their wands to block the flames.
Emily looked out at his outstretched hand, wondering if she should take it, wondering if they could really help her. Something deep down inside her told her that they couldn't. They couldn't help her with what was about to come, even though she didn't know herself what that would be. She had to do this alone. Or so she thought.
Arya sat down in one of the chairs at the table with a sigh. “Our mother must have removed some things from your room after you left. It wasn’t nearly this plain the last I was in here. You were always messy, you know.”
Hermione had never been to America before. She didn’t like to travel abroad much, and whenever she did she stayed in Europe. Her first impression of Kansas was not one of delight. Its never ending farmlands filled with corn were so different from the lush, full vegetation of the countryside in London. Different too from the cool air of fall that always settled upon wizards and Muggles alike; instead it was merely lukewarm. The leaves on the few trees were turning brown and yellow, occasionally falling from the short limbs onto the ground with their brethren. Many a fallen leaf blew across the deserted paved road. The emptiness and loneliness surprised her.
He blinked at her, startled. “Yeah. I was an army doctor until a few years ago when I moved in with Sherlock. How did you-”
"So, what's all this about then? Or did you just drag me here for a laugh?" snarked the younger Holmes.
Thor looked surprised. “You don’t remember? The hotel, when the Devil was trying to start the Apocalypse? I was one of the gods present.”
He was in a heavy lock-down in the Avenger's facility after arriving there with Thor. Midgard wasn't very different from the last time he had been there. The same old problems, same old boring people and cities. His brother had assured him it would only be this way until he could talk to Stark, who had almost killed the trickster god when he walked through the gate. Hence the mud. They had stuffed him in the 'secure guest room', and so there he was now. Apparently, the Avengers were not as forgiving as Thor.
. She is the one we were hunting before you and your men interrupted us. I was angry at you before, but now I hope you burn in
“This is it. This is definitely around where we were looking for Emily. How did you do that?” he asked, turning to look at Ron and Hermione.
"Who are you?" Emily demanded. She was caught off guard by his gaze. Those red eyes looked like fresh blood.
real. Stepping back Emily collapsed into her chair, the fire disappearing as fast as it had arrived in her shock.
To Harry’s surprise, Thor answered him. “Yes. This boy and Emily are both wizards, but not like your friend Strange. There is a very large number of them in the world but they are kept secret for the welfare of Muggles.”
you come here?” he growled. He looked her up and down, his scowl deepening with each passing second. "What the hell do you want?"
“You don’t know anything about it,” Mycroft snarled, one eyebrow lifting on his otherwise still face. “How could you be so naive, trusting a stranger who just walks into your home asking for your help. She could be working for
“Alright. We’ll help you. We’ll see where they are and try to find a way to de-escalate this whole situation. Don't try and do anything without contacting us. We'll be in touch soon."
“So I’m the bastard child of a queen and an unknown man who went to a school of magic and was shot in an alleyway?” Emily said slowly. “God, none of that sounds right at
"Don't make a sound," Loki breathed. Banner tensed, the monster inside of him raging for control. "Go on. Turn into the hulk. Show me that you have no control."
Robin looked back at the sky. The wind tousled her short blue hair, and Emily had a strong urge to push the loose strands back behind her ear. She didn’t, though. Robin was answering her.
The Auror didn’t seemed pleased or triumphant as he shot down Harry. He looked more disappointed than anything, as though Harry had failed him.
Arya picked a blade of glass and shredded it in half with slow, automatic movements. “I was talking to our mother last night. It seems that those who have returned from the dead are only those who died after you.”
“Do you remember seeing my ring when you buried me?” she asked Arya. She met that intense gaze evenly, refusing to step back from her sister’s power. She remembered everything, now. She remembered who Arya was, what she had done. Or hadn’t done.
She patted down her pockets and felt something beneath the dark leather jacket that hung close to her frame, so she reached into it to pull out a long wooden stick. It was made of dark wood that was smoothed and polished to a fault. Gold edged the handle and side of the stick, curling around the end like a snake. How odd. She put it back in her pocket, not willing to throw away any of her possessions yet.
Surprise flickered across Robin’s face but she handed over her necklace, the silver ring at the end glittering in the candlelight.
“Even if he is dangerous, I still need to know what happened and who is responsible for the bombing. Someone has to know
Cas flicked his arm and his angel blade landed in his hand. Dean drew his gun and pointed it at the man.
“Er- a man, on the telephone- wants to know- Harry- taken by the Ministry- treason- Ron too maybe-” he managed to stammer out.
Thor got up, glaring at her. “Why else would he leave? I thought he had changed, but apparently not.”
“From what Dean told me, it sounded like he let you go, but that doesn’t make sense,” Sam said, sitting across from her and picking up a book. “I wouldn’t be too worried about it, he doesn’t want you.”
“BECAUSE SHE REMINDS ME OF MORIARTY!” John yelled, his face inches from Sherlock’s. “Because this is
That must be the name of the sword. But how could she read the runes? The girl put the sword back in its sheath, then stood up and instinctively slung the weapon over her shoulder. It fit perfectly along her back, its weight supported by her shoulder blades.
they knew he was back. The rest of the teachers at Hogwarts had stayed in case anyone needed refuge in the days or weeks to come. But now, only Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Eragon were left in the Great Hall.
"Eragon," hissed Arya, angry. He should know better than to tell people that. They were in a different world, a world that didn't seem to
?" roared Eragon from the receiving end of the mirror. The blond Dragon Rider seemed to be taking the news pretty badly. Arya knew that he was thinking of his father, Brom, who had died a few years ago. Couple that with the fact that Eragon was still young and rather inexperienced, his reaction was poor to say the least.
John nodded, appearing somewhat satisfied. Before either could say anything else, Lestrade approached them.
Sherlock carefully placed the phone on the table as though it might explode and leaned back in his chair, thinking. There was no escaping it now- The Game had truly begun. Moriarty had said so himself that if they didn’t go to the town and solve whatever mystery he had placed there that another bombing would occur. They would just have to do what they did last time and try to stay one step ahead of the consulting criminal.
“Do you have anyone particular to name as a culprit, if it was not you who did it?” Kingsley asked, setting his clasped on the desk before him and giving her his full attention.
Sam left him sitting there, twiddling his thumbs and staring up at the stars; Dumbledore was definitely odd. He followed the directions to the library. It was huge, filled to the brim with hundreds of thousands of books. Long tables filled the center and other reading spots were crowded in among the many shelves. A few candles were lit but no one was at the main desk. He walked in, stunned at the amount of knowledge the room held.
There was something dangerous in Kingsley’s voice. There was a wrong answer to this and Harry knew it. The Minister knew something that they didn’t, something he was afraid the Winchester might know. That Emily might now know.
"Your Majesty," the messenger cried with a lot more excitement than an elf normally showed. "There is something that requires your attention."
But the spell on John, the two men disappearing in his flat, the terrible idea that Moriarty really was back…
Sherlock glanced at John. The good doctor just shook his head. “We don’t have a choice, Sherlock. We’ll need them.”
It was a mess. Tables, chairs, and shelves alike had been blasted about like confetti from a cannon. Stay bits of paper and wood lay scattered throughout the room, and Cas could swear he smelled smoke.
“Trust me on this, Emily, you do not want to push her. If she will not tell you something no force on earth will make her do so.”
Wind pushed the branches of the ancient trees to dance, waving at the Queen of the Elves as though in tribute to her deeds. Her mistakes.
Loki, Lucifer, Moriarty- they all wanted something from here. She was beginning to see why. Her own mother was afraid of her. She had done something in the past, something important, and she needed to know what.
“I’ve been told that angels are also looking for the devil,” Emily finished, still in her fashion of ignoring him.
“I… I dunno,” the woman coughed. “We were just in the building’, normal stuff, when it just suddenly, I dunno,
“Voldemort murdered them. He came to our house last night and killed them. And they’re not the only ones.”
A huge castle rose from the darkness, its many windows filled with a shimmering bright light. A large lake sat next to it, a little light reflecting off its dark surface. The path up the castle was lit by hundreds of floating yellow lights. He had trouble taking in the majestic sight; in all his years as a hunter he had never seen anything so beautiful.
Finally she observed her surroundings- nothing seemed out of place. The only thing that stood out in sight was the tree she was under. It felt so familiar here, so excluded form the outside world. The girl studied the oak closer, placing one pale hand on its trunk. As she did so, she remembered her name.
“Hold on,” Stark said, pulling a phone out of his pocket and tossing it to her. “We won’t shadow you unless you give us reason to, but we should still keep in touch. Call us if you need any help, or if you see Loki.”
"Who is he? The woman who was with him, Mrs. Hudson, is a known squib in that area, but who's the man you were talking to?"
“Who’s going on a revenge spree?” a familiar voice called out, and a moment later Hermione Granger slid onto the bench next to Ron, followed by Sam Winchester.
Harry reached a hand through the bars as though to touch the witch. “You’re alive… you’re really, really
"The name of this school. Hogwarts is a place where young witches and wizards can come to learn magic in safety. It's like a second home to many, really. There's a variety of subjects that are taught here, ranging from mildly informative to a bit dangerous. I teach Defense Against the Dark Arts."
"I'm coming too," Hermione stated. The three of them locked eyes, not needing any more words to communicate. They were the best of friends, the wizards and the witch. They understood each other better than anyone else could. And Harry knew that they would face whatever would happen together, as they always had. The trio hurried to the door while the rest of the room burst into a frightened chatter. Ron reached for the handle, but the door swung open before he could touch it.
The pictures on the mantel had not escaped the ubiquitous dust. Sherlock stared at the first picture with interest. It was an old black and white photo, from at least twenty years ago judging by the quality. It showed Emily and a girl Sherlock had never seen before standing in front of what looked like the London Eye, their arms around each other. The strange girl was laughing, her head thrown back and eyes closed. Emily had the biggest smile Sherlock had ever seen on someone’s face. It was filled with warmth and happiness, something he hadn’t ever thought to associate with the fiery girl. He wondered what had caused her to smile like that.
Banner grumbled curses as he walked out of the room with Loki on his heels. Stark and Thor were too deep in conversation to notice them leaving.
The man walked toward them, smiling. "I am no one of consequence to you. Leave now, and maybe you will live."
Cas could barely hear him. His mind flashed back twenty years ago, when he had seen her. The powerful girl with the flaming red hair and silver eyes. The girl with the fire inside. She was back, along with hundreds of dead people. This was
Emily opened her mouth to argue but Islanzadi cut her off. “No, Emily. That is my final word on this subject. We will speak no more of this.”
“You know what, Potter,” he said slowly, “I do believe that’s the first time you ever asked for my help.”
on the cold floor. A moment later a fist connected with his face, and all he could hear was a ringing sound. Another hit. Then another.
Emily put her head between her knees and clutched her head. The more she heard the more she wanted to throw something. She didn’t
is happening right now and being attacked isn’t helping! For fucks sake, I’ve been threatened so much in the past few days I don’t even know if I’ll live to see tomorrow. So either tell me
"Indeed," agreed Loki. "But she hates Asgard, and Midgard as well. She tried to burn it all down, but failed. Odin killed her before she could destroy mankind."
Before Eragon could respond to that, Dumbledore left the table and strode out of the great hall, just as the rest had done. The doors shut behind him with a loud
“I see,” Dumbledore said when he finished talking. “I fear this is much worse than I previously imagined. You said the Devil is involved?”
Arya still had trouble thinking about it. The cold body, pale and heavy in her arms. No warmth left in it. No fire. The field where they left her, the downpour of rain almost drowning them. It had been one of the worst days in her life. After that, Arya was no longer the perfect daughter. She fought with her mother constantly, especially after her father, Evandar, was killed. Finally having enough, Arya had joined the Varden as a rebel and fought the tyrant Galbatorix in the war. But, like all great adventures, it ended and she returned home. Now everything was different.
The doctor had been strangely quiet the past few minutes, too lost in thought to participate much. He seemed to be lost in the 'coming back to life' concept. The man could turn into a giant green rage monster, but apparently zombies were beyond his comprehension.
A short time ago, Eragon would have protested with such a brand. He had seen his fair share of war and carnage, and was past his sixteenth name day. But seeing this ancient man in front of him, with his silver beard and history of magic, he couldn’t help but feel small. Like one of the ants he had observed long ago in the forest of Du Weldenvarden.
“No, because that is not possible. Whoever brought the dead back to life has power beyond that of a human being. I was referring to the allegations brought against Emily- the bombings. Whether or not one believes she is responsible, you cannot overlook the fact that almost everyone is wary of her. The mix of your world and ours has produced something which no one is prepared for: a child so distinct that her very presence causes chaos and disruption.”
me,” Sherlock growled, coming to a halt in front of the officers. “What the hell did you just do to them?”
“We do not know how, but an owl found its way to Alagaesia with a letter of acceptance to Hogwarts for you. Our mother sent you there and there you stayed until you died. I do not know anything of your time there but perhaps others might.”
people now accused for the bombing and one of them can’t even remember anything,” Hermione speculated. “Something isn’t right. Why is the Ministry going after Emily if they think Voldemort did it? And why do the Muggles suspect Emily but also named another perpetrator: Moriarty? Didn’t the paper say he died too?”
Zacharias smoothed back his hair, staring thoughtfully at her. “Put a band on her mouth, a fireproof one mind you, and tie her hands. It’ll be easier to transport her that way.”
Arya frowned at him. “We are from Alagaesia, a magical world that holds many species of race you humans call ‘make believe’. Yes, our mother was the Queen of the Elves, and had ruled them for many hundreds of years. Elves live much longer than humans.”
interrupted their conversation, causing the three to look up. A small, glossy black plane with a large blue
Harry looked startled for a moment. “Well, that’s why we took Emily in the first place. She could have used magic to blow up the building and we had to take her in anyways for suspected murder.”
“Stop it you two,” Harry interrupted before Ron could get out a proper curse. “That’s not going to help us.”
“We don’t know why she would be working for Moriarty,” John shot back. “But if you really bought the whole ‘no memories’ excuse than maybe you aren’t as smart as you claim to be!”
"This meeting... is adjourned until further notice. I will meet with all Aurors in an hour," Kingsley ordered in a wavering voice.
Suddenly everything clicked into place. The way Dean had been acting last night; his harsh words and the way he looked at Emily. That strange moment when Cas rescued who he thought was the real Dean from Hell, when it really must have been Loki in disguise. It made him feel terrible to admit it, but he felt the tiniest bit of relief that the words ‘Dean’ had told him last night weren’t from Dean at all, but instead from a cruel god who just wanted to have a laugh.
"Of course, tweetie pie, I'll get out of your hair," she said, raising an eyebrow at his dashboard. "Might want to stock up on some gas while you're here, though."
Emily woke up in a small cot, staring up at a stone ceiling. Her head pounded, wherever from the pain of seeing Arya or from hitting it on the floor when fainting, she didn't know. Arya...
made her look up. Green and golden shots of light bloomed in the stary night sky, followed by red and silver. She stepped toward the edge of the glowing bridge to get a better look at the fireworks, transfixed.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Robin asked the night air. There was no malice in her voice, just a plea for honesty. Emily knew she was talking about the rings.
"Alright," said John, leaning forward slightly. "But that still doesn't explain why you called us here and won't let us leave."
“That’s it?” Mycroft let out a tiny sigh, looking relieved. “Well, partly. I believe she may have a hand in this.”
"You have no idea what is real and what is not, Harry Potter," the angel snarled. "And you have no idea what is coming for you."
He started to feel woozy, as though he were about to throw up. Something was definitely wrong. Dean stood but his knees were too weak and he stumbled. He tried to support himself with the bar table but was quickly losing consciousness. The hunter fell to the ground, unable to move.
Harry blinked in confusion as they were shepherd along the carpeted wooden floors, countless office doors gliding past their sides.
“Mr. Weasley. Excellent timing,” Kingsley said briskly. “I would like you to explain why you and Mr. Potter here have broken Ministry regulations by harboring a known criminal.”
As Sam held the phone to his ear, Cas turned to Arya and said, “I think you better tell me what happened.”
The old headmaster, Professor Dumbledore, was not one to let him sit in silence, however. The ancient wizard sat down across the table from Eragon, lacing his long fingers together. His half-moon spectacles slipped down his nose, and the twinkle in his eyes was all the more prominent to the Dragon Rider.
Once upon a time, not so long ago, there were two hunters and an angel; a family created from pain and love. They died and cried and fought for one another more times than any single person could count. They hunted creatures of hatred and fear, never wavering in the face of death. No, death held no power over these three. They loved each other as families do, and fought just as much. But in the end, they always came back together. They always carried on. Family didn’t end in blood for them.
, she told herself, trying to slow her whirling brain. She didn't know exactly what just happened, or how she had noticed all those little details. Maybe she was just observant. Really,
The wizards forced them to walk down the glittering hall, and as they passed the crowd of people quieted, watching their progress with wide eyes. Most of them were staring at Harry, but a few watched her pass with terror on their faces.
Arya glared at him. “I’m not waiting for a stranger to solve my problems. Either we all go, or I go alone. Which do
Cas forced himself to get up, his head still ringing. Loki was nowhere in sight. Arya was also missing. Sam was scrambling up from the floor, presumably from being thrown there.
And, with a wink and a swish of her dress, the witch turned and walked into the town, disappearing almost immediately. Cas stood there, looking after her for a moment, then started to fill up the tank of the car. Once he was done, he walked inside the store to pay.
Emily woke up with a start as sirens screamed in her ears. Everything around her had turned red. She placed her feet on the cold floor, clutching her head.
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s because she’s so powerful. But me… well, let’s just say he won’t get what he wants.”
It became apparent as soon as the video started that it was of the bombing that happened only a few hours before. It was clearly filmed from some surveillance camera placed far enough away not to be affected by the bombing, but close enough to see what had happened.
“Yes,” a small smile graced Arya’s face as her mind traveled to long ago memories. “The caretakers of this place hated you. You would leave mud everywhere, one time even on the ceiling. You were constantly in places you shouldn't be. And your room was always covered with paper or bits of treasure you found in the woods. A strange looking rock, the broken piece of a stag’s antlers, a rainbow of flower petals spread across the floor. You seemed determined to cause as much trouble as possible.”
Mycroft had done this once or twice, but never for as long a time before. The older Holmes would not look at Sherlock, and instead fixated his gaze on the fire.
The man looked up, his silver beard glowing in the light. "What ever for?" he asked. His crescent moon spectacles glittered strangely in the light as he peered over them.
Sherlock traced the letters with his fingertips, his mind reeling. This was obviously the type of thing lovers did, carving their initials into a tree.
Dean pointed at the kitchen door and Sam disappeared behind it. About two seconds later they heard a loud yell.
And so she did. “I- I don’t know exactly how but… I believe that I was the one who caused the dead to rise.”
“Cas…” he started, but Castiel stopped him. He had to say this, even if it cost him the one person he had ever wanted to say these words to.
Emily stopped, coughing, her eyes watering. Through the flames she saw the dark silhouette of a man, standing right at the entrance to the building. He looked like a demon; just a silhouette of black through the smoke, the only colour coming from his blinding white teeth as he smiled at her.
"I don't know," Emily answered honestly. She had no clue on how she had done that. It had been instinct, just like her use of the sword.
Castiel blinked, trying to get the weariness out of his eyes. Though angels aren't supposed to get tired, Cas knew from first hand experience that hanging around the Winchesters would make anyone exhausted, even if they were an ancient celestial being. He was sitting in the Men of Letter's bunker with Sam and Dean, reading up on the lore about Lucifer. They were paying particular attention to possession and what kind of powers his grace gave him. The Devil had been causing so much trouble that Dean had been worried that they would never stop him, but a few days ago Lucifer had gone mysteriously silent. They were taking this opportunity to do as much research as they could, but nothing serious had popped up yet. Sam had gone to get a beer when Cas heard it: angel radio.
“If this was done by a curse, then however did this must have magic, right?” John asked. “Is it possible that whoever killed these people is also the one whos been destroying those buildings? They’re not exactly trying to hide their handiwork and we’re near enough to central London. I mean, how many murderous wizards could there be in London?”
“I dunno. Everything seems… off. Like I’m looking through a keyhole into my past- I can only see bits and pieces.”
,” growled Sherlock, standing up and grabbing his coat, not meeting John’s eyes. “Just search it up and we’ll go and find whatever he wants us to find.”
“What are we supposed to do, then? How do we reverse this death spell?” John said, arms crossed tight over his chest. He looked uncomfortable speaking out, especially about magic. Emily couldn't really blame him. He had just found out magic existed, after all. This whole thing must be extremely confusing, not to mention terrifying.
onto him. The man dodged, but his coat caught on fire and he stumbled away, frantically swatting at the flames, then with a
"Sister?" she echoed. "Who... who are you?" Emily clutched her head. "Why can't I remember you?" she said angrily.
“Everyone here, besides you and your, um, friends, are part of the Order of the Phoenix. We fight against the dark arts,” Hermione told her, despite the frowns and muttering that came from the others. Clearly they disapproved of Emily getting to know their secret organization as much as they disapproved of her getting to know their names.
“We warn the others and find Dean,” Cas said, his heart aching at the thought of the hunter all alone in Hell. “But first things first: we need to rescue Emily.”
“Are you alright?” he called to them in a gravelly voice before stopping short at the sight of Eragon. “Wait, I remember you!”
“I was afraid of dying.” The skeptical faces made a sly smile split Emily’s tired face. “No, seriously. I’m no fool- I knew my mother was hiding something from me when she sent me away. And I was blamed for a crime I didn’t commit in my fifth year. I was certain that someone was gunning for me, so I researched ways to keep myself from dying. I soon found that that was a path that would only lead to complicated and painful options that probably wouldn’t even work. So, I decided to try and find a way to bring myself
Hermione watched the young man pace the length between the house tables, occasionally scratching his clean shaven face or glancing expectantly at the great oak doors. He was very odd; different in a way from both wizards and Muggles. He seemed almost ancient, like the giant beach tree on the grounds that sat next to the lake. Not old, exactly, but burden by years and memories rather left forgotten. His presence disturbed her.
“Exactly what I was going to say,” Dean grinned, causing Cas to roll his eyes as Sherlock glared at the hunter.
“Arlight, alright. It just seemed like the easiest way to show them, that’s all,” Draco sighed, pointing his wand at John again.
They had returned to Hogwarts as soon as Emily found Robin. Moriarty had disappeared through the smoke and gunshots, and no one knew where he had gone. Harry had returned to the Men of Letters bunker to bring Sam and Castiel to Hogwarts so that they could see that Dean was okay. Sherlock and John, Harry, Ron and Hermione, Dean, Sam, and Castiel, as well as Arya, stood before the two girls, looking down upon them.
"Oi! This one's awake!" Ron called from across the field. Harry and the other two Aurors hurried to his side. A man with bright blond hair was lying on the ground, breathing heavily. One hand was clamped over the stab wound in his arm, which was sending a steady trickle of blood down his side.
They walked down the paved black road, never encountering any cars of people. Eragon led them down the road for about twenty minutes before they reached a four way intersection. He stopped, looking hesitantly down the three paths.
Harry opened his mouth to speak, but no words came out. He closed it again, suffocating in confusion and terror.
She blinked at him, trying not to let him see her emotions. He had become a lot better at reading her over the years. "Of course I am. I am just a bit shocked about the dead, that is all."
"No, I haven't. Sorry," Emily replied, confused by the question. Dean nodded, looking strangely troubled. The three of them got into an old black car and drove off into the ending afternoon under a clear blue sky.
Lucifer sighed and the crown disappeared. "I'll give you time to think about it. If you want to contact me, just drop by Hell. Do what you want, Rose, but know that I'm not the only one who wants to meet you. You would do well to remember that."
“There is a fire in you, daughter,” Islanzdi said after a moment of silence. There was still no emotion on her voice, though her face looked slightly strained. “You were born with it, and will surely die with it. If you are not careful you will use up that fire and it will consume you. And once it does, I fear you will die.”
As Loki looked at her, a full on stare, Cas saw something flicker in his eyes. Was that… recognition?
They followed Dean and Cas down a dark set of stairs that led onto a metal balcony overlooking a large room full of books, tables, lamps, and a giant telescope at the far end. Cas stopped short at the metal banister as his eyes fell upon a small crowd of people, all of whom turned to look up at the new arrivals. Dean stopped short at the banister too, narrowing his eyes ever so slightly. He didn’t look very happy.
Cas shook his head mutely, opening his car door. He stood in the afternoon breeze, squinting at the horizon, the wind playing with his short black hair. His tan trench coat, spotless as always, waved out behind him like a cape. He could have been a remnant from some long forgotten age, existing only in those quiet moments that stretch for longer than they seem.
He kept staring at her. She thought he was going to yell at her, punch her, or starting going off about how terrible she was like everyone else had done so far.
The Devil grinned as he met her gaze. "Believe whatever you want, Emily. I really did just come to meet you. You shouldn't believe what Sam and Dean tell you, I'm actually a really nice guy!"
“Dear, dear, dear. What a mess for Scotland Yard to clean up! I do hope something like that doesn’t happen again. But then, who knows how long it will be until another
“I wouldn’t exactly call him minor, but I see your point,” Emily said. “So you think Lucifer killed a god and used their power to bring back everyone from the dead? What’s the motive behind that?”
Eragon was silent for a moment. "Alright, I'll come. But I can't take Saphira. She needs to be here to protect the dragonets."
John raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, who resisted the urge to roll his eyes. He didn’t need a look to register the significance in the woman’s words.
Sherlock ran a finger down the mantel, coating it in dust. “Why did Moriarty send us here? This cottage must belong to Emily, but there are no signs of anyone living here in the past decade at the very least. We already know about her sister, so maybe the next clue is R.F…”
He heard loud footsteps and turned his head to see Thor enter with a glowering Stark and Banner flanking him. Loki smiled, opened his arms as if for a hug, and said, "So, what's the big decision, then? Am I allowed to join the team?"
“Where did you find this, exactly?” the old headmaster asked. His voice was quiet but full of some emotion Eragon couldn’t identity. It scared him.
The hunter looked into his piercing silver eyes. He had a feeling he could trust Dumbledore. It wasn’t easy to explain, but the old wizard seemed so steady and, well,
Harry nodded politely and did so, and after a moment Arya joined him. Emily, however, leaned against the wall next to the window and stared out into the busy London streets. John dialed a number on his phone and held it close to his ear, one arm crossed across his chest.
Sam leaned forward. “And I need to return home. If what Hermione and I found is correct, then we might have the answer to how the dead came back.”
He made his way to the gas station where his car was parked and decided to pay it a visit. It was a small, dingy store with no customers. The person behind the counter, an old man with almost no hair on his head, looked up as he entered.
There was a stretch of silence as the inhabitants of the room realized they had just agreed on something
Hermione took it and examined it carefully. "You're a witch alright. This is a wand, which ever witch and wizard has. It's used as an instrument for our magic. Most wizards can't perform magic intentionally without a wand." She gave it back to Emily and they continued walking.
The red-headed girl gaped up at the sight, not sure how it could be real. Arya tugged her across the bridge toward the palace, a smile spreading across her face.
Arya glanced at Emily before turning to look her mother squarely in the face. “I want to know why you sent Emily away.”
"Sherlock, you hoo!" Came a cheerily voice from the open doorway, and an elderly lady popped into the room, holding a small metal container. "I brought you some leftover soup, thought you might be-" Here she stopped as she caught sight of Emily, then shrieked and dropped the container. Soup flew everywhere as the woman screamed, "YOU! YOU! WHY ARE YOU HERE?"
Loki laughed, his voice soft and silky. "Oh, if you only knew," he said, then glanced at the paper "Just be glad I found you first, Emily. Many others will try to hunt you down, and will offer you much less appealing deals than mine. Some may come bearing gifts, some with malice, and others under the guise of help."
She walked into the flat, her feet making no sound on the large carpet spread across the floor. Two chairs faced each other parallel to the fireplace, a table to the side of one. A couch slumped against the wall nearest to the door, with a bright yellow smiley face spray painted on the wall above it. A skeleton bull's head was mounted on the wall across from her, a pair of headphones placed on its horns. The room led off to a little kitchen area and a door stood off to the side.
Harry turned his cup slightly. “We want to know if you know anything about the bombing that happened. Maybe who did it, or why?”
Emily thought about the night she ran away from the Winchesters, when Sam had given her the same promise.
The air was cold and stale deep beneath the Ministry. It reminded Harry too much of his time spent at the trial in his fifth year, anxiously awaiting the verdict that would decide if he returned to Hogwarts or not. Except now, much more was at stake than his education.
Resting in the grass next to her was a sheathed sword. The girl cautiously pulled the blade from its cover and admired the glittering silver metal. It was deadly; meant for battle, not decoration. Runes were etched onto the blade and she realized that she was able to read them.
Sam sighed. "No. We hunt demons, werewolves, vampires, and other types of supernatural monsters or beings."
Kingsely noticed Emily’s sudden increased attention and nodded to the wizard standing next to her. “Take off the bindings on her mouth. There is no need to be afraid of her here.”
But then, what if what Mycroft told them was true? When his brother had told them that Moriarty was alive, he also explained that other dead people were back as well, which was why many nations' governments were getting involved. They didn't know who was responsible for this, if anyone
Sherlock threw the note down on Mycroft’s desk, leaning over it to glare at his brother. “Did you know this would happen?” His voice was even and betrayed no emotion, but his eyes were cold.
She was starting to see what he meant by that and only hoped no one else was after her. It was all very startling, to wake up with no memories and be told that dangerous people were after you for reasons you did not know. Her past was becoming an ever increasing mystery, one she hoped Sherlock would be able to help her solve.
Emily paused in the action of flickering her fingers against the cell bars. “Oh? Is this bothering you?”
Hermione did something stupid. She attacked. She and Eragon yelled in defiance and jumped off the ledge, landing besides Castiel and attacking the men. Ron scrambled to do the same. Eragon charged, holding his sword, and shouted, “BRISINGR”. White hot flames enveloped his dark blue sword and he started to slice and jab at the three demons attacking him. The other five ran at Ron, Hermione, and Cas. Hermione and Ron shot spells at them while Cas stabbed one and, dodging the rest, ran toward Dean.
Stark nodded. “Maybe you didn't do those, but something's still going on with you. You're trouble, that's for sure."
He started to call out names for assignments. Most were out in the field, but a few would be guarding places like St. Mungos and the Ministry. Finally, Kingsley called out Harry's name.
“It’s not that simple,” Sherlock finally said, and everyone, including Cas, turned their attention to him. “I may not know anything about magic or spells, but I
Stark shrugged and did what was asked. A few moments later the door opened and Dean walked in with a man Emily had never seen before. He had midnight black hair and sky-blue eyes, and was wearing a tan trench coat over a small suit with a backwards blue tie.
“I was scared,” Emily joined her against the balcony, a slight breeze playing with her hair. “I-I didn’t know how you would react. You accepted so much of the strange aspects in my life, I didn’t want to push you away with the knowledge of what I had done.”
Draco started from Sherlock to Hermione, then nodded his head slightly, as though coming to a decision. “Then let us come with you. This is our case as much as yours. Whatevers about to happen, I have a feeling it’ll involve both of us.”
“It makes sense! Why would Moriarty actively draw attention to the bombings if he wasn’t trying to trick us? What if the key to Moriarty is through
Emily just stood there, as still as the trunks of the ancient trees, her silver eyes glittering with emotion.
Emily didn’t remember Ellesmera. She didn’t remember the gnarled trees that curled far above her head like old, twisted joints. She didn’t remember Islanzadi’s regal stride, the way the light shone on her high cheekbones and soft nose. How was she supposed to recall the way the other elves stared at her as they made their way toward Islanzadi’s quarters, their cat-like eyes turned into round dinner plates as they caught sight of her. The whispers that moved through leaves and ears alike as she passed.
Hermione went on and on. Tonks was the woman with pink hair and changing facial features. Remus Lupin gray hair and tired eyes. The man with the peg leg, one eye, and lots of scars was Mad-Eye Moody. The Weasley family were the red-heads. There was also Professor McGonagall, a stern lady with grey hair pulled into a tight bun.
Cas let the blade fall fall openly into his hand, ready to fight. If these alien people were looking for Emily, then word had gotten out faster than Cas expected it to. They could be minions of the Devil, or something equally terrible. Whoever they were, they were after Emily, and that was bad news.
He finally raised his eyes to meet Sherlock's, who felt a strange sense of foreboding and almost asked his brother to stop.
Sam shot out of his chair and pointed his gun at the god. “Where’s Dean? How long have you been impersonating him?”
Sam opened his mouth to protest, but Dean was already heading to the door. "See you later, kid," he called back to Emily, and left. The iron door closed behind him with a loud thud, the sound magnified in the large, empty bunker.
“Here in the United Kingdom, we do not suffer from Muggles inflicted with these ‘monstrous’ aspects. The British Men of Letters, a secret organization of 'monster' hunters, has long since purged the non-magical community of any werewolves, vampires, and the like. In America, however, there is not as much restriction. Muggle monsters prey on their defenseless neighbors, and the only force left to stop them are hunters such as the Winchesters. Though until recently they remained ignorant of our magical world, their experiences have introduced them to
"Oh, you're sorry?" Emily's eyes bore into Arya's, ignoring the increase of the pounding in her head. "You're sorry, is that it? Well listen up,
she hadn’t had anything to do with the newer bombings. And yet… and yet there was something else about the way people stared at her. Not the wizards around her, their minds fresh with the horror of recent bombings, but people like Dumbledore, Thor, and Castiel. They looked at her with more caution than fear. It was like they knew who she was but didn’t want to- like she was a bad grade they didn’t want to receive.
She gave her the article and Emily read through it. Most of the article talked about how this was all some big plot of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named to spread fear throughout the nation. There was a description of “
The two witnesses were seated on a garden wall worn through with rose vines. The vermillion flowers popped out of crevices and holes like an infestation long since resisted. The witnesses were talking to two police officers. At least, that’s what Sherlock thought at first glance. The officers were dressed strangely; who would be wearing cloaks like that in this weather? Or in any situation?
"Ummm... no. It's just me," Cas murmured. "Didn't Lucifer kill you? How did you... wait..." He realized that Rowena must have been brought back by whatever mysterious force had returned Rose from the dead.
Standing up, she grasped the rubble from the bottom and pushed her shoulder against it with all her strength, lifting as she did so. With a crumbling sound, it slowly started to move. Emily strained against it, her arms screaming, until the boy’s leg was completely free. She dropped the rubble, panting, her head pounding.
Emily leaned forward, still pondering her (half) sister’s words. So she was a… princess? That did not seem right. She imagined telling the Avengers that and half smiled- that would be an interesting conversation.
“I can see that, daughter,” Queen Islanzadi answered. She ignored Arya’s hand on her arm and simply stared at Emily. Emily stared right back with a face of stone.
Emily stuffed the phone in her pocket and headed for the door, firmly deciding to never use it. Arya, Dean, Sam, Cas, and Harry followed her.
No. This had to be some sort of screen, enabled to play a gif of some kind over and over again. It was not, as some tiny part of his brain (the
Something sparked inside of Emily, a tiny fire lit by her anger. These mysterious people would never listen to anything she said even if she tried to explain her situation. She had a gut instinct that they were dangerous and would kill her at a moments notice. She raised one pale eyebrow. "Bring it on, baldy."
“Zacharias,” Harry pleaded to him, and Emily’s gaze moved to rest on the green eyed wizard. So Harry knew this man? “Don’t do this. Hear me out and this will all make sense, I promise.”
Hermione sighed, closing her eyes for a moment. “I don’t know why Harry has done what he’s done, but I’m sure it’s for a good reason. He's is a good person. Usually, if a Muggle discovers magic is real, we erase their memories of it. But right now, with the
Sherlock cursed and showed the text to John. Eyes wide, the doctor said, “What does he mean by that? How does he know we’re here? And what’s about to happen, Sherlock?”
Ron shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not. I think this Satan deal is a bit shady, though. Why would he have anything to do with the bombing? And why would he appear in Emily’s dreams?”
Alarms were going off in Heaven, sounding through each angel's head. Whoever was in charge of Heaven now was sounding the alarms for a high level threat. The limited amount of angels left were all contacting each other through the radio. They were talking about the dead... rising? Dead people, demons, angels, and everything in between, seemed to be returning to Earth. That was impossible. But they were talking about-
"We need to find her," said Thor, his one eyed gaze sweeping across the room. The thunder god didn't look so godly in the grey modern kitchen. He looked tired.
“They haven’t even been gone an hour, calm down,” Ron replied, not even looking up from the card game he was playing with Fred.
“That’s why we left. We had to see if it was true,” Hermione said, placing a hand on Harry’s shoulder. “He’s killed nine wizards in the past few hours.”
Emily saw Harry close his eyes with relief. With any luck, the hunters and their angel wouldn’t stick around here after they left. If the Ministry didn’t wipe their minds, Arya and the Winchesters could try and rescue them, if she really meant that much to her half-sister.
The woman nodded gratefully, pressing the leaf coloured cloth to her face. Emily looked at the thick cloud of smoke covering the building, flickers of flame breaking through at the top. A shrill scream was coming from within. It sounded like a child.
He turned to see where the rest of his party was, and immediately wished he hadn’t. All the Death Eaters in the atrium were heading toward them, pushing aside anyone who got in their way. On the fountain, Bellatrix was staring right at him. Her cold eyes met his, and for a moment, all Harry saw was blood red anger. Her lips curled into a sneer and she raised her wand.
John stared at the verbal match between the two intelligent brothers. They always liked to fight but this time it was more pressing. Sherlock seemed... mad.
Emily put her hand in her pocket and pulled out the dark stick she had woken up with. "Yeah, I found this in my pocket when I woke up the other day."
Kingsley called for their attention. All of the Aurors turned to face him. "Because of recent news, I will need you all out in the field," Kingsley began. "Some of you will be out looking for Rose and Riddle, and some of you will be protecting wizard establishments."
"So there are four houses here," Hermione explained as they started back to the great hall. "Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin."
Cas suddenly saw something in the road and braked hard to avoid hitting it. As the car swerved to the side, Cas saw red hair glowing in the view of his headlights. He pushed open the door, drawing his angel blade from his pocket as he did so, slowly approaching the figure. Before he got far the figure turned to face him, and Cas almost dropped his blade in surprise.
Though he was running short in time, Cas kept his word and drove as fast as he could to the nearest town, which consisted of maybe fifteen buildings and a couple of barns. Ah, the beauty of Kansas. He drove into the gas station, then turned and glared at Rowena. "Will you go now?"
A book lay on the desk. It was covered in dust, except for the top right corner, which was conspicuously dust free. How odd. The floors were clear of dust so they wouldn’t be able to know if anyone else had been here recently. But if Moriarty had wanted him to come here… could this book be a clue?
