“Followers of our Gods, please be seated,” the priest, an old man with one white eye, said to the crowd as they all collectively sat back down on the pews. Once the chapel was silent again, the priest continued. “This is a day of both mourning and celebration, of both life and death, and you have all been invited by His Majesty, King Anthony to share it with him. For it is the lives of Steven Grant Rogers and James Buchanan Barnes that bring us here today, though many of us here never met these two men. But we know the love that King Anthony held for them, so much that he asked them both for their hands in marriage, a deep bond that he treasures with all his heart.”
“What is that thing?” Steve asked, not remembering if he’d ever seen anything like it before. It looked like a food storage receptacle, but there was a screen above it.
Steve wasn’t sure what he’d expected from all of this build up to come to this strange room. There were a few chairs along a desk facing a glass wall with a control panel on it, the rest of the room mostly empty aside from some medical equipment, a comfortable looking couch, and a desk with a monitor on it. The glass wall itself was quite long, about twenty feet or so, with a single door in the middle, and on the other side was another white room, brightly lit as well. There were a few pieces of exercise equipment on the far right, an exercise bike bolted to the floor, a yoga ball, and a couple small hand weights. On the left was a bathroom, a toilet, sink, and a clear shower stall, with a few bright red towels hanging from the walls. The middle was the largest section of room with a metal bed bolted down in the corner along with some bookshelves and a dresser. In the far corner from the bed was a television, a few consoles, and a case full of dozens of games. Sitting in front of it was a teenage boy with long brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, wearing a thick black hoodie and shorts, a black controller in his hands as he mindlessly continued with his game despite the people staring at him. It was something he was painfully used to.
“I don’t think art is about quality as much as it is the process,” Tony tented his fingers, crossing his legs casually. “I don’t care how much the picture you paint looks like me. I care that you took the time to do it.”
“I’m sorry I’ve got scars, they tried to minimize them but-“ Bucky began, though he was quickly quieted by Tony’s lips pressing against his own. Moaning into the kiss, his own hands moved down to search for the bottom to Tony’s shirt, feeling Tony’s hand moving down to the band of his track pants to move them down his hips.
“Steven, come in, it’s pouring out there! You’ll catch your death of a cold!” Sarah Rogers said, setting down her spoon to throw a log on the fire and fetch a blanket. Helping her son strip out of his wet soldier’s uniform, she ushered him over to a chair to cover him up.
“Sorry, I’m here,” Tony said as he came hurrying down the stairs, his own hair damp as well. Going straight to the couch, he took a seat next to Bucky, waiting for Steve to sit down as well before turned up the volume on the laptop. “So who’s operating the ultrasound for the doctor?”
“Y-yeah…” Steve took the ticket from her, taking her hand and walking towards the left side of the stage. His heart felt like it was going to burst in his chest as he made his way through the crowd, keeping his mother close. He’d won, he’d really won, he was going to marry the king. Oh gods, what if he didn’t like him?
“I know what you weigh. I do work out almost every day, I know what I’m doing,” Steve said, getting out of the car and reaching for Bucky’s hand. “Let me try, I want to help, and this is probably the only useful thing I can do through all of this.”
“I’m naturally curious,” Bucky sat crosslegged now, his hand resting on top of his right knee. “Now tell me the truth, and then I’ll tell you the truth about something you choose.”
“Wow is right,” Steve grinned, reaching behind him to grab a box of tissues, setting it on Bucky’s chest before he took a couple out to clean up his youngest boyfriend, surprised by how far up his body he’d managed to come. “Bucky, that was amazing, I’ve never came like that before in my life.”
“You certainly did,” smiled the priest, who touched the crown and the rings, saying a small blessing upon both before drawing his hands back. “The three of you, join hands before me, we shall begin.”
“Sure, what is it?” Bucky said as he stopped outside the guest room, the sound of the shower coming from the closed bathroom door.
“It is…” Steve’s fingers found their way inside Bucky again, but he was pretty sure that his husband didn’t need more stretching out. It was still fun to play with him though, and to have him leaning back into his hand in desperation for more. “Bucky, I don’t know if I should keep teasing you or not, it’s so fucking hard not to just take you now. But it’s so much fun to watch you squirm.”
“I love you two. More than anything else in my life,” Tony whispered, smiling back as he basked in this moment, his heart singing inside his chest. “I’m glad I have you.”
“Like we can’t afford a new van,” Tony joked, though he would take Bucky seriously, and he was pretty sure his husband knew that.
“I’ll grab one at the office, but thanks, I don’t even know how I’m going to get this smoothie down. Not hungry right now,” Steve said, pouring the milk into the blender now that he’d managed to get the protein powder into it. Truthfully, he felt like he needed the energy boost, but he didn’t want the caffeine to add to his anxiety, he didn’t need to have a heart attack on the way to work.
“How about black?” Bucky asked, an idea springing into his head as he tried to keep the smile on his face from looking too devious. “The royal colours are red and gold…could I have red and gold accents on black clothes?”
“Excellent. Good. I just sent her a text,” Tony said, taking a seat on the couch again, setting his phone on the table beside him. “I’m sorry, it’s just been a very intense day so far, I just need to do something nice.”
“In here,” Tony said, opening the door to the garage, pulling a set of keys off the wall before walking over to a black SUV, pressing the key fob to start it. “Just get in the back, we have to go.” Opening the back door to help Steve get himself and Bucky in, Tony quickly jumped in himself, opening the garage door and hitting the gas.
“He likes spinach and berry smoothies,” Bucky offered, winding his own arm around Tony’s waist, his pulse quickening just being close to him, thinking about what was going to happen. “But he will drink coffee if there’s cream in it.”
“What do you think they would have put in there?” Tony asked, shifting on his stool as he reached out to take Bucky’s hand in his own.
“Wakanda knows, I told King T’Challa. He wished me good luck,” Tony swirled his whiskey in his glass as it was handed to him, picking up a piece of cheese from the accompanying platter. “And I came up with it. I didn’t want to marry some high class snob, I wanted to marry someone with some substance. And you two fit that pretty well, I think my lottery was a success.”
“We should have rehearsed this,” Steve said with a little chuckle, sending a message to Dr. Marner, figuring they should let her know they were heading for the little hospital in Dawson City.
“No, we’re not calling them that, stop it,” Steve argued gently, though at this moment he was almost happy enough to buy into Tony’s idea. He was going to have a son and a daughter, he had his two husbands, his heart couldn’t get any more full at that moment.
“Then you can help with the next grocery store run,” Steve was hoping that Bucky meant it, and that he wasn’t just trying to push himself into something prematurely. If Bucky could become comfortable around small groups of people, it would be a big step in reclaiming his life from Howard Stark. “We’ll probably have to do one soon, if there’s anything you’re wanting in particular.”
“I don’t want you to hate me!” Bucky yelled back at him, chipping harder at the wound in the floorboard, frantically, leaning over even more to look for any hint of red.
“I don’t think there’s really any way to guess your father is up to something like this,” Steve sighed, wondering if he should go to Bucky’s side, or give him a minute on his own to process his first steps to freedom.
“It’s nothing, don’t worry,” reassured Stane, patting Von Doom’s arm, though his own nerves were getting rather frayed. This wasn’t the Tony he’d been able to control all these years, this was a very different man standing before him.
“You’re right. Like if the questions is ‘what’s the stupidest thing I could do now?’,” Steve shot back, reaching out to grab the bottle. “I am not trying to tell you what to feel right now, Tony, but I am begging you to look for another way to deal with it because I do not want to lose you to drinking. You will break Bucky’s heart, you won’t be able to be there for the kids, and I don’t want to lose you either.”
“Well, for one, I don’t know if they’d go for that, one kind of hates the other,” Tony grumbled, crossing his arms over his chest before leaning back, looking up at the sky. “And I’m pretty sure my Uncle’s head would explode. He had a hard enough time with me just doing this lottery, then he was furious when two people were picked, now…”
Bucky felt like he couldn’t breathe by the time he got to the right edge of the stage. Looking up at King Anthony in all his splendor, he clutched the ticket tighter as he tried not to give in to his panic. Licking his lips, he took a deep breath and held up his ticket to a guard, who examined it before taking Bucky by the arm to escort him over to the King and his Uncle.
“Someone needs to come by today, we can’t wear these all day. Surely there’s something they want us to do,” Sarah tilted her head a bit as she thought about what she could do with all her spare time here. “I should be working on an embroidery design for your wedding.”
“Are you kidding? We’ll be able to see tons of then, and aurora borealis, did you ever read about that one?” Tony watched as Bucky looked at him and shook his head a little. “The entire sky lights up in colour, it’s beautiful, I’ve seen it a couple times before. But it happens here, and we’ll be here a while, so I’m sure you’re going to see it.”
“Yes, of course I do, you’re the only person I’ve ever been with, and gods, you were so good,” Steve said, trying to think of a question and failing miserably. “How about you? Do you think about me?”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Tony smiled back, though his expression was sad as well as he looked between them “I’m going to miss you.”
“I’ll go slower. It’s getting a bit better up ahead,” Steve said, starting up again, wondering where the nearest doctor was and feeling sick himself.
“You’re on the right spot, stay there,” the doctor said as she looked at her own screen, freezing it to take some measurements.
“Don’t open that. I’ll tell you what’s in it, but it needs to stay sealed,” Steve insisted, his hands returning to his coffee cup, lifting it to take a sip and looking down at the surface of the liquid as his hands trembled.
“What? No,” Bucky scoffed, rolling his eyes. “I don’t want to beat you because you gave up, I want to beat you because he loves me more. I’ll still keep your mom here if I win though, if you’re worried about that.”
“Always,” Steve brought his hand down hard on Bucky’s ass cheek, leaving a reddened print behind. “He’s always liked pushing me, I think because he thinks I’ll fuck him harder if he pisses me off a bit.”
“Bucky, we’ve been over this before,” Howard began with a tired sigh, which only made Bucky sob harder. “You’ll have anything you want, everything in the world, and you only need to be pregnant for nine months at a time.”
“Yeah, I suppose…” Tony gently smacked the wood end of the tool against his palm as he thought about what his uncle was saying. It would be nice to have someone around that knew the ins and outs of ruling a kingdom.
“None taken,” Namor said with a shrug of his own, leaning back in his seat. “Barnes is probably the better choice.”
“I don’t blame her,” Steve said quietly, going back to his seat, taking Bucky’s metal hand in his own. “I’m not angry at her…I don’t know what I feel, I just know it’s not that.”
Sitting inside a small, driverless, blue vehicle that he’d mentally nicknamed the Stark Cart, Steve moved through the Stark compound, his messenger bag on the empty seat. Jennifer from HR had just told him that someone had wanted to talk to him, and he was to report to another human resources employee at the end of this ride. He wasn’t sure what this was about, as as much as he told himself to stop freaking out and enjoy the ride, it wasn’t quite working.
“I am not giving Namor that much satisfaction,” laughed Natasha, shaking her head emphatically as she set her cup next to Bucky’s. “He’s bad enough when he just thinks he’s right.”
“Come on, it looks like we’ve both had crazy mornings, what would you like to play?” Steve asked as he walked over to the games, looking for the titles Bucky liked more. “How about this one? You can laugh at me when the bosses scare me. Or we can play a driving game and you can see if you can beat me by a whole lap again.”
“They call you…uhm….” Pepper really didn’t want to do this, but if he went to anyone else, they’d deliver the same news in a harsher way. “They call you Taxing Tony, or Tony the Tax Man, mostly, but I’ve heard some just call you Tony the Terrible.”
“I don’t have a problem with that, I’ll have him brought in and get him acquainted with the castle soon,” Tony grinned, enjoying that he could pretty much solve any problem Steve was throwing at him. “Bucky, you’re quiet, what do you like to do?”
Taking one last moment to share a kiss, the men took a deep breath, the steps from the chairs to the operating room seeming a mile long as the doors closed behind them for their last moments as just the three of them. Right now, everything was about to change, their little house was going to get a lot more crowded, and their nights a lot less peaceful.
“Oh there are birds. Sometimes you just get little ones that want to fly in and check things out, but then you have the full sized eagles that come flying in to steal your food or any other small animal that’s made their way in,” Steve said, setting his glass with Bucky’s, leaning forward in the chair.
“I’m coming!” Steve said, sticking his head through his shirt as he came down the stairs after Tony, immediately spotting their youngest husband on the floor in agony. “Bucky, is it time? I’m calling Dr. Marner.”
“And on top of it, I lost you,” Bucky laughed weakly, leaning forward, letting his head hang down. “I thought you couldn’t stand to look at me because I was so ugly, and you were so strong and tall all of a sudden. I thought you’d be getting attention from all the beautiful men and women and you wouldn’t want my gross, armless ass around.”
Stane paced back and forth through his study, hands clasped behind his back, counting his own footfalls across the stone floor. It felt like seconds were passing as minutes, the sun had gone from the pinnacle of the sky down nearly half way into setting. He would have sworn he watched every minute of it moving across the heavens, but the ache from his knees reminded him that he’d covered miles walking back and forth. He didn’t see every second of it descending, though he wished he’d spent his time more fruitfully. He could have at least read a book.
“That’s a long time not to kiss each other,” Bucky grumbled, though even he couldn’t keep from laughing again. “Seriously, what a stupid rule. Is that to make sure we do it on the wedding night or something?”
“That is for DRINKING, not SISTERS HEADS!” Bucky called over just as Peter began to undo the cap, innocently drinking from it instead.
“We’ll get you out somehow, even if we have to run, I swear to you,” Natasha promised, bending down to clean up Bucky’s supper, handing it back to him as she stood.
“I have never wanted anything more than to be here right now…” Bucky whimpered, wrapping his arms back around Tony’s neck, burying his face in the older man’s shoulder. “I wish I pictured this when I thought about you, I wish I knew you’d hold me and kiss me. I think it would have made the time pass faster knowing what was coming.”
“Very sure, it’s going here as soon as I get a ladder,” Tony said, looking around the room to find something, grabbing a chair and bringing it over to the wall. Stepping up on it, he took down the old painting off the wall, kneeling down to drop it to the floor. “Steve, bring that over.”
“He’s a warrior, I’ve heard of him taking jobs though,” the corner of Stane’s lip tugged up in a cautious smile as he spoke. “He’s good, he’s supposed to be strong and effective as killing. I’ve heard he’s taken on whole crowds and finished the fight without a scratch.”
Tony plunked down on the floor, tired of squatting, watching as Bucky took apart the offending stain, wondering if it was as easy as this to ease his mind. “You’re doing a good job at that. Should have used the chainsaw in the shed though, it’d be done in four cuts.”
“I would imagine there’s going to be a fair amount of fraud surrounding this, sire, you are making a very large offer,” Pepper looked up at him, her pen still. “And I don’t mean just lying about traits. How do we make sure the tickets are one of a kind and not forgeries?”
Steve’s heart ached in his chest watching Bucky comfort him, touched that Bucky could be so loving as to be the one to look after Tony. He’d only known Bucky for a few months, but he was the person that knew him best in the world, and even he was surprised by the level of compassion that Bucky was showing.
“Wait until you see him after a shave. If you choose to have one,” Pepper said, wanting to make sure that Steve looked exactly how he wanted to.
“My birthday is coming up, it’s in a month, and I’m not married yet,” Tony explained, turning his body to face Rhodey. “They’re saying I have to choose now between Steve and Bucky, and I have to have this wedding pretty much immediately. Pepper has already planned everything, they’re going to start decorating the chapel.”
“I’m going to be here first thing in the morning,” Steve chuckled himself, though he didn’t sound quite as relaxed as Tony. He was so excited, he’d end up making himself a bit tense.
“So you want me to fuck you? Do you miss me playing with you like this?” Steve asked, his other hand moving to get more of the grease to stroke his own cock as he stretched and wiggled his fingers to keep him ready for it. “Fuck, Bucky, you feel so much tighter than I remember.”
“I…” Steve began, but he quickly realized he didn’t have anything to say to that. It was realistic that Bucky would be just having the babies instead of being there to raise them. It made him sick to think about, but he was pretty certain there was a room just like this one in the Stark Mansion basement. “I don’t know what to say, I don’t want to lie to you, or tell you the truth, and I wouldn’t believe what Stark would say about it either way. There’s no way of knowing until it happens. Maybe Tony will prove to be more trustworthy, and less…” Leaning in, Steve covered his mouth and whispered to Bucky. “Fucking insane”
“Huh…” Steve said, leaning in a bit, squinting at the screen before turning back to Bucky. “Baby, are you sure?”
“So you’ve developed a servant to hold your water bottle for you wherever you want?” Howard asked, leaning down to pick it up so he could examine it. “The joints in the legs, I think you could do with more.”
“Ohh, that’ll look nice. Sure, we can do that,” Pepper said as she wrote that in her book, turning to Natasha next. “And you, my lady?”
“Is that good or bad?” Tony asked as he lit up the lanterns on his desk, setting the last one down as he went back over to take Bucky by the arm, taking him to a bookcase full of what looked to Bucky like mostly toys. “These are most of my creations.”
“Really for you,” Tony nodded, grinning as Bucky took it from his hand. “I don’t know if you can sing along to it, but I thought you’d appreciate something musical. Did your goats get here, by the way?”
“It was beautiful, we can’t thank you enough,” Sarah gushed, standing next to her son and giving him a nudge to stand up straighter. “Please tell the King we’re very thankful for his hospitality.”
“There’s more, but my book only went up to fifty, and I’m not done yet,” Bucky said, wrapping his arms around himself again as he watched Steve open the small box and slide the cards out, shuffling them slowly. “I can build a pretty good card house too, my right arm doesn’t shake at all so it’s kind of a cheat.”
“Believe me, he is,” Ms. Carr said, gesturing down to the control panel on the desk. “Everything is labelled clearly, that’s the button to lock the door if you’ve gone in and out, the switches to dim the lights are here. For any medical issues with Bucky, you press the blue button to summon his nurse, and you’ll also be seeing her twice a day, one in the morning and once in the evening, so she can check Bucky’s vitals. Now, you’ll notice inside of his room there are red buttons, those are panic buttons. They neutralize him immediately and other red star clearance personnel will be notified to come to your aid.”
“How do you want to do it? Do you want a priest to come? We can get dressed up and do it out back,” Tony suggested, reaching down to put his hand on the new little bump under Bucky’s navel. “Or we can do it just us, it’s up to you.”
“And does your land not have laws to prevent such a thing?” Von Doom said with irritation in his voice as well as painted across his expression.
“I want to do this, it’s fine,” Bucky repeated, pinching the bridge of his nose, trying to focus on the spot of pain rather than the wand against his stomach. “I can do this. I’ve been made for one thing in this world and I’m going to get it right.”
“You don’t want to wait a few days? Plan things out?” Steve furrowed his brow a little, though after he said it, he really wasn’t sure what they needed to plan if it was just them other than if Bucky wanted to decorate.
“Thank you, thank you so much, we really appreciate this,” Tony put the wand back in it’s holder, taking a handful of tissues to clean up Bucky’s stomach before tossing them over by the wood stove. “We’ll email you tomorrow and be in touch.”
“No, not yet,” Steve reached over as Sarah leaned out to pass it over, taking the slip of paper and examining it in the light of the fire.
“I thought I’d be so brave, I knew for so long this was going to happen, but there are people in me. Two of them,” Bucky said, not moving as Tony joined them on the bed to rub Bucky’s shoulders. “I’m so scared, I don’t think I can do this.”
“I just want to be with you both…” Bucky whispered, looking between them, letting out a shaky breath. “Can I just be with you both?”
“And now as he watches down on us, I call forward our King, His Majesty, Anthony the first to come forward,” the priest said as he gestured over to Tony, who was doing his best to look broken up as he rose from his chair, slowly drawing his hands away from the coffins. “He has asked me to speak to you all himself about the lives of Steven and James, and as he knew them best, it would seem most fitting. Please, Your Highness, step forward and give us all a glimpse of these men, who have been taken from us too soon.”
“They’re good, now concentrate on you, you can worry about me afterwards,” Bucky grinned, pushing back into Steve so they were as close as they could be for the moment. “You’re going to love this.”
“Because you don’t try, Anthony!” Stane finally snapped, his hand settled on his head as he tried to slow his heart and temper. “You treat this kingdom as your playground, and you need to stop. You’re not a child any longer, you have responsibilities and you must see them through. Do you think your father behaved like this when he was King? You may be too young to remember, but-“
“…they said I’d have to take hormones, that I’d have to be closely treated and monitored, they said it wouldn’t happen easily, I didn’t even know if I needed to do something different, I…I didn’t mean for it to happen,” Bucky whispered, wrapping his arms around himself, hugging tight as he always did when his anxiety flared.
“Okay…” Bucky said softly, putting his dark blue hoodie back on, lying back on his bed. “See you later…”
“If you’re sure,” Sarah nodded a little, slowly letting go of her son so she could serve him his supper. “I just don’t want to hold you back.”
“Will I still be able to pull it back?” Bucky asked, looking up at Jarvis as he readied his newly cleaned scissors.
“And yet here we are. I don’t want to be better, I want to be different, I want to be known for more than my tax rate and judgment on disputes,” Tony said as he tossed the tool in the air, flipping it around in the air as he caught it by the handle every time.
“We’ll talk names later, we have to celebrate,” Tony said, turning to the computer. “Dr. Marner, thank you so much for your help. When you arrive, let me know what time you’re coming in. I’ll make sure one of us is there to help you with your bags.”
“I know they would have, they love potholes,” Tony said, walking back over to the lounge chairs, sitting back in his own. “We’ll take them for a drive one day after Benjamin comes, find a shitty road, make an afternoon of it. There’s tons of them around here. Maybe you shouldn’t come with your car sickness though, baby.”
“I...I don’t know if I’m going to do as good a job as you two did…” Bucky said with a shaky laugh, looking between them as he struggled to think of the right words for what he felt. “Steve, you were so nice to me right away, and you didn’t treat me like a kid, you talked to me like you talk to everyone else, and no one’s done that before. Even Jack talked down to me, I know that now, but…you make me choose things myself, you make me think for myself, and I think it would have been easier to prey on someone like me, but you don’t make me feel weak and trapped. You make me feel like I can do anything, and I love you so much for that.” Bucky sniffed, not even trying to hold back the tears as he squeezed their hands. “Tony, all my life I was afraid of when I’d meet you, but…I wish I met you a long time ago, because I didn’t know I’d be so happy having your babies. I would have been so happy I would’ve just run into your arms if I knew what you were going to do for me. You’re sacrificing so much to hide here with me, and you smile the whole time. Even in my best dreams where you were kind to me, they weren’t even close to who you are, and I’m grateful for the surprise. I love you too, Tony. And Steve. I just want to be yours.”
“Just do it and get it over with so we can love what you’ve done,” Tony sprawled out on his couch again, rolling over so he could face Bucky better, blowing him a kiss. “We love you, Bucky, you could give us a box full of hay and we’ll probably love it.”
“You’re right, you’re both right,” Tony breathed out, letting out a short peal of manic laughter. “Okay, you’re both…you’re going to love this. You’re going to laugh and laugh and laugh-”
“I know you won’t, because I’ll be here to stop it,” Steve replied, trying to keep his voice smooth rather than threatening. “It’s not that I don’t trust you though, it’s that I love him.”
“I know, I…I don’t feel like I’ve earned the right to call you anything else,” Steve said, clearing his throat and looking around the room. “I want to call you Bucky more than anything. I miss calling you Buck when I was trying to be kind of serious. You always smiled at me when I called you that…”
“And?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows as he looked at the two of them. “Oh come on, you can’t leave me hanging. What happened?”
“Good, perfect,” Tony nodded, putting his hands on his hips as he lost himself in thought for a moment, shaking his head to snap out of it. “This is the right thing to do, Uncle, I know it.”
“You have made your promises and pledges to each other, and in the eyes of the Gods, your love is judged as just and true. With the blessing of those above, I announce that you are all eternally bound in marriage,” the priest said, clasping his hands together for a moment before raising them up above his head. “Children of the Gods, give your blessings for these three. May they move forward in this life together with love, and may that first step start with a kiss.”
“I’m staying here with you,” Steve said sternly, letting go of his chair at the table to go over and wrap his arms around his mother. “I don’t want you to be alone, you hate being alone.”
“He’s hurting too, and it wouldn’t be fair of me to recognize that,” Bucky replied, getting under the blankets, lying his head down on the pillow as he stared up at the ceiling. “I don’t want him to be sad, he doesn’t deserve that, he didn’t do anything.”
The day of the draw had arrived, and the entire town square had been turned into a giant party for old and young alike. Musicians had been hired to play both on stage and around the edge of the crowd, and the King’s favourite acting troupe were brought in to amuse the people as well. There were trays of sweets and barrels of drink, and as the night began to fall, coloured lanterns were lit all over, bathing everyone in a rainbow of light. It had been the wizard Strange that brought the biggest show, however, managing to terrify most of the adults and delight all the children with balls of light that shot through the sky and turned into shapes above their heads. When it all ended with a giant, glittering butterfly exploding into thousands of tiny ones, the cheers from the crowd had been deafening. If Tony meant to win over his people with this spectacle, he would have done a good job. The grand finale, however, had yet to come.
“You’d like him, you really would,” Steve said, sadness in his voice as the corner of his mouth curled up in a smile, unaware of the tears in his eyes. “He’s so special, Sam, and not because what his body can do, but for who he is despite all of this. How he can smile still is beyond me, but then I see his face and hear his voice, and…holy shit, he just gets me every single time.” Sniffing, he reached for his napkin with a shaking hand, picking it up to dry his eyes. He hadn’t cried about this, he was always the one trying to stay strong for Bucky. It never occurred to him that he needed someone to stay strong for him.
“Don’t think about it too much, Mom,” Steve felt bad once again to have made his poor mother’s shoulders droop again. He knew how hard she was working to provide for them, and how guilty she felt when Steve had to give her everything he had. The last time she had to take the few coins he took to the pub with him for the week, she wept for the rest of the evening.
“Completely. If I didn’t have you two, I’d be renting still,” Tony chuckled as he took the last ring and turned to face Bucky, bringing his hand to his mouth and kissing it. “You two are keepers.”
“Yeah, I know what I’m going to do,” Tony nodded, taking a drink of the rich coffee they’d brought him. “You’re right, it would be stupid of me to lose the throne over something like this, so…I’m going to get married.”
“You’re not much help, Rhodey,” Tony said flatly, leaning back against the bench as he crossed his arms over his chest.
“Same here,” said Steve, who was entirely too impatient with all this talk and not enough action. Scooping Bucky up into his arms, he walked across the wood floor to the bed, placing him down onto it as he looked down at what was left of his clothes. “Mind if I take these off?”
“Did you put the address in?” Steve asked as he sat down in the drivers seat, looking at Tony sitting beside him. “Is this a long drive? Should we be buying supplies?”
“The last person to have your job liked him, he called him Bucky, so he’ll probably ask you to as well. He’s prone to anger sometimes, but he’s never hurt anyone, he’s more quiet than anything really,” Ms. Carr said, not planning on answering the rest of the question, figuring Bucky would tell him if he really wanted him to know.  “I do have a couple more questions for you before you sign.”
“So…it’s our wedding night…” Tony was pretty much reading Steve’s mind at the moment, wondering where his normal confidence had gone. “I mean, I know we all want this, so…what are we waiting for?”
“We can talk about that later, I don’t think you want to think about that right now,” Steve said as Tony pulled up in front of the small hospital, already seeing the car they’d rented for Dr. Marner. “Bucky, remember that red, yellow, and green light system we tried before? You have to let us know where you are now so we can try to help you. How are you feeling right now?”
“I’m not trying to hurt him, I’m trying to heal us both,” Steve replied to her, not backing down from his spot, even if it looked like he really should. “I want to make things better between us, so we don’t have this tension. We were best friends pretty much all our lives, we shouldn’t be like this now.”
“Me? Where are you going?” Stane just knew this was going to fall to him, and he was none too happy about it.
“Please, just this once, and then I’ll hire someone else,” Tony pleaded, knowing he had to get on Strange’s good side if he was going to talk him into this. “I will hire you an assistant, and you can pick them. I won’t get in your way, I’ll just help however you want me to.”
“Bucky’s going to need me if you’re bringing him there, you can’t try to sneak him away from me,” Steve said, his voice clipped as he tried to keep his anger from seeping into it. “He’s terrified of this whole transition, and it would only scare him more to do it alone.”
“Don’t tell me who has what, I’d like to be surprised,” she laughed, watching as Tony squirted some gel on Bucky’s belly before taking out the want, wasting no time to find out what they were having.
“What?” Bucky’s question was lost as Tony kissed him hard again, pinning him down against the bed. Closing his eyes, he felt Tony’s fingers encircling his wrist, pushing it down against the mattress as he slid partially on top of him. The weight of being pinned down under Tony was enough to elicit a weak groan from Bucky, though he didn’t break the kiss.
“Sire, there are dangerous people out there, they can’t be allowed to come here,” Pepper insisted, letting out a long breath as she brought her hand up to her brow. “I haven’t even begun to ask you what criteria you want for a spouse.”
“I’ll take an afternoon at home with just me and Benjamin, we can lie in bed and sleep,” Bucky said, not sorry to be left out of this particular family trip. “Don’t wreck the van trying to be cool.”
“That’s how I feel too,” Steve said, reaching over to touch Tony’s arm, giving it a squeeze, unable to help the smile that turned up the corners of his lips. “I think Bucky’s the same, it’ll be easier for him to cope with something to hold on too.”
“Yeah, it’s great. Uhm, what are the rings of yellow sweet fruit called?” Bucky asked, wishing he hadn’t eaten it all so he could show her.
“You may be tall, but I’m not,” Sarah replied, finally finding a spot just close enough to the stage to see what was going on, but far enough in case the crowd got rough. “This is good enough, we should be able to hear from here too.”
“You could be right about that,” Stane wanted to sound like he was supporting the idea as he began to think of how he could unravel it before it began.
“You’ve definitely proved that to me a thousand times over, Buck, I’m going to be a father because of you, I’m a husband again because of you,” Steve adjusted Bucky in his arms, smiling at him as they got moving again. “You brought everything into my life, I felt like I was sleepwalking before you. I never thought I could love another man, much less two, and you’re the one that made me see all that. So thank you.”
“Because I’m terrible at making food,” Steve joked, though he could tell from his mother’s expression that she wasn’t amused. “Being a soldier meant I could make more money for us, and I want to help people. This is the best way to do it.”
“If that’s what you two want, I’m on board,” Steve said as he opened the first aid kit, taking out a wipe to clean the area and a pad of gauze to put back on it. “Kids are smart, they’d figure out the truth if we didn’t give it to them, and they wouldn’t trust us. So I like this. We just have to tell them in a way that they understand.”
“So what else have you been up to? How’s…I mean, are you still talking to Peggy? How’s that going?” Sam asked him, leaning forward in his chair, a little curious why he hadn’t seen his best friend in so long. If he wasn’t sure of it, he’d swear that Steve was seeing something and hiding her from him.
“They’re fine,” Tony said from his other side, also still in the scrubs, standing up with the other twin in his arm, reaching down to take Bucky’s hand. “You did great, Bucky, there weren’t any problems with you or them.”
“I broke into…is it okay I call you Bucky?” Clint asked, waiting for a nod before he began to talk again. “I broke into Bucky’s room before he came in here. I came up the side of the castle to the very top, hid there, and then repelled down through Bucky’s window and hid in the corner there. Once he was asleep, I walked over to do the job, and he suddenly sprung to life and started making noise. Suddenly Natasha was here, and…then Bucky went to get you.”
“We…we give them both a chance,” Tony smiled, opening his arms wide as he looked at the two confused looking men. “I’m going to date you both, and then I’ll make my decision. I’ll make the announcement right before the wedding and walk one of you down the aisle.”
“That was hardly fair, I was drinking,” Steve frowned, though he wasn’t as disappointed as he made out. In reality, he kind of saw it as getting it done and over with fast, and then he could move on from being nervous to being something else. “Fine, I go first.”
“It means…” Okay, Tony, they didn’t run out of the room, and they didn’t tell you to fuck off, you can do this. “It means I want to marry you both. I want us all to be married. But you and Bucky don’t get along, you-“
“I’ve got this, then we have to burn these pieces so you can’t see them again,” Bucky cut off the majority of the spot, working on the last of it now, though the pain in his shoulder was starting to get overwhelming. “I don’t want you to have to look at it ever again.”
“It’s pretty cold at night, and Bucky gets the chills unless he’s wrapped in blankets. So we should make sure we have lots,” Tony said as he pushed the wheelbarrow over a rock with a grunt. “We need a better kindling carrying system.”
“I’m giving someone else a chance to step up into the job,” Tony said with determination in his voice. “My father took a chance, and it paid off. I’m going to try to do the same.”
“Good idea,” Stane agreed, having had the same creed in life himself. Love was easy enough to fake, Tony had grown up believing the link existed between them. He saw his nephew as nothing more than a tool to use in order to get what he wanted and nothing more.
“But you need to move on, you don’t need to be worrying about me,” Sarah sniffed, leaning into Steve’s strong, yet soft, embrace. “I want you to be able to get married, to have children if you wish.”
“That’s just what I wanted to hear,” Tony beamed, looking triumphant as he looked at his uncle. “Now, make sure these lottery numbers are given to every eligible house in the kingdom. And make it exciting as possible. I want the draw for my new husband or wife to be the greatest spectacle our people have seen.”
“Give it to him, give it to him, Steve, you’re doing so fucking good,” Tony guided him, raking his nails up Steve’s thighs and around to his lower stomach. “You’re going to fill Bucky up, and you’re going to scream when you do it. You’re going to cum so hard, you’re not going to be able to move, you’re-“
“Exactly, I didn’t do anything,” Tony finished her sentence for her, scoffing at his own ignorance. “There’s probably a million things I’ve done wrong that you could list off from that notebook. I’m a failure, and…and I’m alone,” Tony flopped back in the throne, closing his eyes as he heard his father’s voice in his head telling him what a disappointment he was.
“We are going to be registering your retina scan and thumbprint once we get inside the elevator,” Ms. Carr said casually as if she was just mentioning giving him a key for the place. “Like I said, you will be placed on red star clearance, there are only a small handful of people that have it, myself included. You must carry your badge at all times, you will need it to access Bucky’s habitat. If you lose it, you must immediately contact me. Do you still have the phone I gave you?”
“I think I’m too tired to feel,” Tony looked at his watch, not surprised that it was some time after two. “Do you want a coffee, babe?”
“Oh gods no. No no no…” Tony shook his head, feeling like he was going to start crying again as he took a healthy gulp of whiskey. “Not at all, I’ve been…fuck.”
“The same way you do, he’ll appoint people,” Stane said with a bit of a shrug. “You of anyone should know you don’t need to sit in the throne all day for things to get done.”
“I think they’re getting ready for us, I hear some commotion,” Natasha said as she got to her feet, smoothing out what felt like way too much skirt. She was going to have to hope Steve and Sarah kept their end of the bargain, though she hadn’t decided if they would.
“Let me drive, I need to concentrate, my head is going in fifty directions,” Tony said, taking a turn towards the airport, hoping his connection had secured a private plane for them that could keep this trip off the records. There was a reason he’d taken as much cash as he had from the house, he expected to have to bribe more than a few people along the way.
Supper had been an absolutely stunning event. Pepper had gone far beyond her usual level of skill and delivered a meal that was tasty as well as great entertainment. Though not much actual conversation went on during the feast, the King had told them that would wait until after, when they could have some privacy. That was for the better, however, because both Steve and Bucky were concentrating more on the sword fights and dancers than being social with anyone else. Which was much to Sarah and Natasha’s annoyance.
“We need to settle this,” Stane said instead, looking over at Pepper in the corner who looked completely confused. “And not in front of the general public.”
“Bucky, you have to tell us what’s going on, okay?” Tony got Bucky back on the couch, rubbing his back in circles. “Bucky, are you okay? It’s okay to admit that you’re scared.”
This time, Bucky didn’t react at all, but his hand quickly went for the cards again. Though this time, after he shuffled them a little, he fanned them out and held them out to Steve, looking him in the eye as he shook all over.
“So…you’re okay with me putting this all over my fingers, and up your ass? Is that what you need? Me inside of you?” Steve asked, opening the bottle to pour some onto his fingers, using the other hand to make sure it was spread around before he moved down between Bucky’s legs.
“Okay, don’t get too carried away, I ca-“ Tony opened his mouth to speak when he saw the fire in Pepper’s eyes, certain that she was about to commit regicide any second now. “You know what? That sounds like a good idea, a few drinks or something, getting to know those men. Good idea.”
“King Anthony found out he was coming and he immediately ordered for him to report to the throne room first,” he said, trying to make himself sound at least a bit more confident. It wasn’t working very well. “I was told to come here and tell you of the change to plans, and to invite you to come down to the courtroom now.”
“Yeah, I can…” Bucky took a few deep breaths, trying to calm his nerves so they didn’t affect his voice. Shaking his arm out, he tried to shed the last of his fear, looking skyward as he avoided his husbands eyes. With one last inhale, his voice his the first note, and it all fell into place. “Three hearts wove together in one strong braid, where I was once broken I am no longer afraid. The gods above have made us blessed, but it’s our love that’s passed the test. When I wake every morning I see you two, and I know every night our hearts are true. Together we are one, until time is done.”
“Tony…I think we have to call…” Steve said, pale as he looked at how much his husband was bleeding, not seeing any way to fix this without real help. “We’ll have to figure something out later, but he needs to go now or we’ll lose the three of them.”
“She sounds really nice,” Steve was eager to meet her, but not right now. Right now was all about him and Tony, and he was enjoying himself. “And I’m flattered that you believe in me. You haven’t even seen my art and you’re willing to give me so much.”
“I want you to put your left thumb on that pad, and you need to look into this camera without blinking,” Ms. Carr watched as Steve’s thumbprint and retina scan finished. “Now I want you to say your full name, surname first, when the red light appears. Be very clear.”
“I didn’t think we’d ever settle that land squabble. Good work, Buck,” Steve said as they walked from the throne room back towards their bedroom suite, eager to take a break and spend some time with his husbands. It wasn’t quite the first anniversary they’d planned, they’d had to spend the morning working on an issue between two farmers two from the day before. It seemed to be resolved for now, though, and they could enjoy themselves.
“Aren’t we hiding here? Wouldn’t everyone finding out that Tony Stark drank the toe drink kind of give that away?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow, though he kept his eyes on the road, not knowing what could come running out in front of them.
“What about the wedding?” Tony asked him, leaning against the doorway. “I have to get married to keep my crown, and people are going to notice that I’m marrying two corpses.”
After the last fork was dropped and the final plate pushed away, Tony stood from his beautifully carved chair, turning to look at his left towards Steve, and then his right at Bucky. This was it, he couldn’t keep thinking of reasons to avoid them, he was going to have to do his kingly duty and get to know these two subjects. Luckily, alcohol was going to be involved.
“I’m going to admit, I’d like that too,” Sarah laughed, hugging Steve’s arm closer as a couple of people pushed past them. “It would be nice to not have to worry about you, too.”
“I don’t know. I don’t know,” As soon as they got in the tent, Pepper hurried over to the books of records she’d brought just in case, her heart hammering hard in her chest. She was almost certain Tony wasn’t going to kill her for this, but he most definitely didn’t sound happy.
“What was what?” Tony asked, looking at Steve intensely as he heard it too, the sound of a car door closing, followed by another. “Did we wander over to the Daniels property?”
“Because they want to make sure you’re straight, and that you don’t fall in love with me like Jack did,” Bucky said casually, watching intently as the cards slid from hand to hand. “My creator, Father, said he wasn’t making the mistake of hiring a single person again, so obviously you’re married if he hired you.”
“That and you don’t want to go back out into the cold rain,” Sarah shook her head, going to make her son a cup of tea while the stew finished. “I still think about you getting sick every time it’s like this out. If it wasn’t for that wizard Erskine, I don’t think you’d still be here.”
“Steve…” Bucky got up to do as he was told, but he was clearly worried about something. “How am I going to climb out? You’re going to have to go without me.”
“More like a-“ Stane stopped himself before he could brush off Tony’s plans as a waste of time and energy. He may be his nephew, but he was still the King.  “I think that’s…that should work.”
“Then you, of anyone, should know the value of a good king, of good leadership,” Stane shook his head, wanting to just throw his hands up in the air and leave. He’d been helping Tony’s rule since it began when he was thirteen, and not much had changed in that time. “You should want to be better than your father. And you can do that if you pick the right spouse and start doing the work that is yours.”
“Noted,” Steve said as he drew his fingers back, teasing the rim of Bucky’s ass a little before taking his hand away. Inching closer on his knees, his hands gripped Bucky’s hips for a moment, just looking down at the familiar view that had only gotten better in the last few years. Taking his cock in his hand, he gave it a few strokes, making sure it was still slick with the lotion from the jar. Positioning the tip of his erection against the tight ring of Bucky’s ass, he let out a long breath as he slowly sunk into him.
“It was, but it’s over. Hopefully,” Steve opened his eyes as he looked around in the low light of the lantern Fury had left them. “I think we can trust this guy, I hope so anyway. We don’t know if Tony’s figured out what’s going on.”
“No no no,” Steve was about to grab a hold of him again when the hatch to their attic hiding spot opened with a bang. Before Steve could grab something to fight the intruder with, a tall, imposing figure with a bald head and an eyepatch came into view.
“We need to get them something they can safely climb on,” Steve said, getting up with a sigh. “Maybe one of those climbing walls, but with the helmets and ropes and that. We have to do something before one of them breaks something again. Penny! Penny, stop that!”
Steve watched as Tony broke down, about to open his mouth to offer some sort of consolation, when he felt Bucky move beside him. Looking down, he saw that the smaller man’s eyes were open and looking over Tony as well. Before Steve could say anything, Bucky let go of him, moving over until he could reach out and put a hand on top of Tony’s.
“Nah, you two can have a grocery store date, take your time,” Tony said, though he was already trying to think of a good activity to contain the four of them from making a disastrous mess. “Papa’s got this.”
“I can handle that,” Tony said, watching as Bucky pushed his pants off his stomach and held his shirt under his chin, waiting until the clothing was out of the way before he squirted the blue gel on his skin. Setting down the bottle and picking up the wand, he began to run it over Bucky’s stomach, frowning a little as he looked at the screen. “What is that? Is this the right spot?”
“Uh huh, then why did you cave to my demands so quickly?” Fury pointed out, crossing his arms as he challenged the king, vaguely aware that some of his soldiers thought he was going to spend the night in jail for it.
“I’ll get him,” Tony said, getting out and going straight to Bucky’s side, throwing the blanket back into the SUV, and kneeling at his boyfriend’s side. “We don’t have much farther to go, baby, and we can put you in the front seat. I didn’t think about you being travel sick, I would have brought something for your stomach.”
“I’m sure it’s going to be dead silent when they read out that number,” Steve looked up at the stage, wondering if King Anthony himself was going to be there for the draw. He’d made an appearance at the beginning of the festivities from his balcony, and he’d watched most of the performances, but he’d disappeared after the wizard.
“Good, good, I like hearing that,” Tony said with relief, glad that he wasn’t going to have to put them in separate wings or something.
“You’re empty now, hopefully,” Steve said as he reached over to undo Bucky’s loose ponytail, gathering his hair back into a neater one before he put the elastic back on his hair. “There, you look gorgeous.”
“He doesn’t need to be conscious to have a child. Brain dead people have incubated babies before,” Howard said coolly, smiling a little as if he’d told a clever joke. “Besides, we’re not going to know if they’re yours until we perform the amniocentesis. This doctor is going to put a needle into Bucky’s stomach and take out some fluid so we can determine paternity. If these babies are Starks, they’ll get to stay in there until they’re ready to come out. Anything else and we put a bullet in this one and start this process again.”
“I don’t blame them for wanting a revolution, I’d want one too,” Tony mused, rubbing his beard as he began to think about righting some of these wrongs. “It sounds like the death penalty is getting out of hand. Someone doesn’t need to die because they stole from a rich person.”
“Set my friend and his party up with some rooms in the South wing,” Tony figured he was going to have to go all out with the fanciest suite he had for Von Doom. He might as well keep him comfortable for this funeral turned wedding he had planned. It didn’t hurt to have another King watch him get married, and Von Doom seemed alright enough. Maybe the rumours about Latveria were just that.
“No, it’s just my own blend, it’s just brewed with magic,” Strange set his teacup down on the table beside him, tenting his fingers as he looked at Tony. “Now, about this magic display…”
“With a full heart and a clear head, I do, good sir,” Steve felt a bit light headed, but he was pretty sure he kept forgetting to breathe. He supposed he was going to have to get used to standing in front of a room full of people.
“It’s not as bad as I thought it would be,” Steve joined Tony at his side, reaching to take Bucky by the hand, giving it a squeeze. “I mean, I think I was picturing the worst, and even then, it didn’t matter to me. It’s just hard to see that you went through something so painful for me.”
“Maybe we’ll try to both fuck you at once, you liked that,” Steve offered, knowing that Tony loved when they did that too. He pretty much loved any way they had sex, and Steve had to agree with that. Their love life was incredibly passionate and fun, and it only seemed to grow as time passed.
“I thought it would help us talk about names. We’ve only really been joking about it so far,” Bucky said, his hand on his stomach, which was getting bigger by the day now.
“He is, King Anthony is right,” Von Doom lied through his teeth, only seeing Wakanda as his next conquest after he was done fleecing the Iron kingdom. “Too bad he couldn’t be here himself.”
“I don’t want to be too crass, though, I want to…I don’t want to embarrass you,” Bucky stumbled on his words, cursing Natasha for challenging him to drink as much as he did. It didn’t really make conversation easier.
“The person who made the mistake, will they be punished?” Steve had to ask, not wanting to think of someone getting thrown in a cell because their writing was untidy.
It was just after ten in the morning, a sunny Tuesday in the middle of June, and Steve had no idea where his day was taking him. He’d gotten up at five as usual and made his bed the way he liked it before going for a long run. A shower, shave, and quick breakfast later, he took his protein shake with him for the bus ride to work. Finally getting to the office, he and his messenger bag went through security before moving on to his office, opening it with his badge before stepping inside. Ready to go to the break room and get a coffee to start his day, Steve turned to leave his office again. And that’s when it had all started to get weird.
“Well I’m still scary, and if anyone breaks your heart, I’m going to mow her down, got it?” Peggy smiled, reaching up to press the end of Steve’s nose.
“Wow, I didn’t realize things were that far gone,” Sam said, pouring his sugar into his newly delivered coffee, adding some cream along with it. “So what’s the new job like? You’ve been pretty vague about it, I mean…I just know you’re rich and you have a sweet bike now.”
“I do…” Bucky continued the hug, clenching his eyes shut as he tried to shut out the world and forget that the day he’d dreaded had finally come. He had to believe that if he had Steve, he would have hope, and more importantly, that he’d always have love.
“Gods…” Bucky winced, letting out a long breath as he tried to wrap his mind around all of this. “I don’t know…”
“Now’s a good a time as any,” Bucky said with a shrug, unable to keep smiling himself as he gave Tony a squeeze, wishing he could do the same with Steve beside him. Instead, he leaned a head against the other man, knowing that he would know what that meant.
“We don’t have to talk. Want to play a video game?” Steve asked, gesturing over to the television, figuring that might help distract Bucky from whatever was upsetting him. “You can pick, even though you just beat me in every game we play. You’d make a good assassin, I swear, judging by your Call of Duty zombie prowess.”
“It’s difficult, they’re a much richer kingdom than we are still. They’re richer than all of us put together,” Stane realized this little back and forth between him and Von Doom was more important than discussing relations between kingdoms. He had to make sure Tony knew their relationship was barely there and based only on topics like trade.
“It’s better than not using the powers at all,” Tony reasoned, ignoring his uncle’s sarcasm. “Call it practice.”
“You don’t need to tell me….” Bucky rolled his eyes, having been on the business end of Namor’s smugness on more than one occasion. As much as he complained, however, Namor had saved him from a few fights he’d managed to get himself in.
“I don’t know how much more we can tell them,” Steve admitted, hoping against hope that Howard Stark wasn’t going to get away with this. Based on what Tony was saying, that’s what it was starting to sound like to him. “Anything they want to know, though, I’ll do another interview. I don’t know if that’s very good for Bucky, though, I don’t know if he could do that again. He was stressed out enough trying to talk to the police yesterday.”
“I probably should, but I don’t quite consider that art,” Tony shrugged a little, pursing his lips. “Maybe I should, but if I make something and it doesn’t work, I get disappointed. I want everything to work the way it does in my brain, I give myself a hard time when my hands can’t copy that. That…that honestly doesn’t happen as much any more though, I’ve gotten pretty good at making little creations.”
“…they’re hearts,” Bucky said, the only one other than the doctor to know exactly what was going on. “Two hearts. There’s two hearts.”
“Are you really sure you want to do this? It’s not to late to back out,” Stane asked his nephew, straightening the dark blue robes he only brought out for special occasions. He figured today was as good a time as any to wear them, and he wasn’t alone in deciding to dress up for today.
“I asked before, they thought it would be better if we didn’t. In case we pulled on one of your sensors, knock something out of place,” Steve let go of Bucky to get up to fix his blanket, tucking him in carefully. “We need you to rest right now, that’s the best thing for you and the twins.”
“…do you have cards?” Steve asked, figuring it would be an easy thing to buy if he didn’t, and there were countless games they could play.
“Oh, the blond man is Steve Rogers, he’s been acting as a handler of sorts to Bucky,” Howard said casually as if he’d just introduced Tony to his new secretary.
“I’m sure Tony might want you to share,” Bucky chuckled, though Steve couldn’t see how much he was blushing in the darkness of the small room. “But I appreciate it.”
“Of course,” Tony said, watching as Bucky disappeared in his room, letting out a deep breath. He felt better knowing that Bucky loved the gift, though he couldn’t help thinking if he could have made him something easier to use.
“Let’s do it then,” Steve beamed, really tempted to just drag these two to a room where they could be alone, but he knew that would come later. But he couldn’t help being incredibly impatient at the same time.
“Tony…” Bucky began, though Tony still seemed to want to talk, which he seemed to do more when he was nervous. “Tony, no, I don’t want to hold back at all, I want to be with you now. I’m fine, I promise.”
Jumping a little when the door closed, Steve nervously fiddled with the strap of his bag as a thought occurred to him. The door closing, now that was different, this one was much heavier, and Steve could hear the click of the lock. He wasn’t even sure if the meeting room locked, and now that he had a moment to look around, this room was definitely different. There were no windows, no plants, no water cooler, and Steve was pretty sure there was a camera in the corner.
“Very fair, sire,” Pepper said, looking at the two men, realizing she had some organizing to do if they were both coming to the castle. “How many rooms do I need to have waiting?”
“Yeah, just to read when you aren’t here to sing it for me. You will sing that again, right?” asked Steve as he let go of Bucky to look him in the eyes.
“Papa?” Penny asked, looking completely innocent before she extended a little hand full of dirt, depositing it on top of his head. “You dirty.”
“Then wait until you’re in better shape to do so,” Stane instructed, hoping he could just keep Tony from getting too involved with things before this wedding.
“That’s why I’m doing these measurements…” Dr. Marner said pleasantly as she finished measuring the twins heads. “They appear to be about twelve or thirteen weeks or so, just starting the second trimester. They’re flourishing wonderfully, the one is a little bigger than the other but that’s fine. And they are too young to tell the sex just yet, but we can do this again in a month or so to see if we can find out then.”
“Not right now, no, I know you love me  a lot, but I was afraid that maybe down the road, you’d…” Bucky bit his lip hard, not wanting to even think about it, though he felt like Tony deserved the truth. “I thought maybe when the kids were born, and they ask about Grandpa, and you’d realize you’ve had to live without him because of what happened with me.”
“Can I bring my friends? Two of them, or one, I don’t know about the other,” Bucky said softly, looking up at Tony, afraid to make eye contact, though he managed to.
“I think we should be too,” Steve looked at their reflection, seeing so much difference within himself from a year ago, but also in his husbands. Bucky was more confident now, and Tony had truly taken the role of King seriously after their wedding and the imprisoning of his uncle. The three of them were loved by their people, and by each other, and he couldn’t ask for anything more on their first anniversary.
“It’s fine, Bucky. No one’s upset, just worry about right now. We’re here with you now,” Tony said as he tried to drive both carefully and fast, which wasn’t working very well judging by the sounds of Bucky throwing up into his bucket. “Sorry, sorry…OH sorry!” He was doing his best to dodge the potholes, but he only managed to steer them into other ones.
Steve wasn’t prepared for Bucky to turn his head towards him, gasping a little as their lips brushed. When Bucky didn’t pull away, however, Steve decided to ignore the nervous voices in his head and take the plunge. Pressing his lips tightly against Bucky’s, Steve closed his eyes and moaned softly, melting in the familiar embrace. Kissing Bucky was like coming home; he’d missed this more than words could say.
“Where would the baby sleep?” Bucky asked suddenly, taking both Steve and Tony by surprise. Realizing he had both of their eyes on him, staring in surprise, he felt like he should continue. “…you can’t test who the birth father is, not unless there’s a medical reason…I want the baby, and me, to have the last name Stark-Rogers, and I get that you can’t marry me because I’m technically dead, but…”
“Alright…” Bucky reached out, taking hold of the little metal arm as Tony held it tight. As he slowly turned it, he lit up to hear a tiny tune emanating from the wooden box. “Oh my god, that’s…how does that work?”
“Oh gods…” Bucky gasped, looking around the stone room, particularly the pages of paper stuck all over the walls covered in designs. Over in the corner was what looked like a furnace for smelting, next to piles of different shapes of wood. And In the middle of it all was a huge desk covered in lamps, pieces of what he had assumed were metal scattered across it, along with a few partially finished projects.
“I don’t see how I can’t be at this point,” Tony said, reaching down to grasp the bottom of Bucky’s shirt, rubbing the thin material between his thumb and finger, eyes still locked on Bucky’s. “I like you for you, not just because you’re gorgeous.”
“It’s not that I’m not happy, it’s…” Steve swallowed hard, feeling like he had to make this decision right here and now. It was either his safety, or Peggy’s, and there’s no way he couldn’t pick her. If Stark was going to kill him for this move, at least Peggy wasn’t going to get caught in the crossfire. “Peggy…we need to talk.”
“I feel like you’re seeing reason here,” Tony said optimistically, his smile getting wider as he walked over to hold Pepper by her shoulders. “Pepper, my dear, just say the words. Tell me I’m off the hook.”
“I’ve seen how he looks at you, he’s into this,” Tony reassured him with a little laugh, letting go of Bucky’s hand and putting an arm around him. “Hopefully he didn’t work out too much, or we’ll be brewing some coffee or ordering Red Bull.”
“So how do you want to do this? I can move out, you can keep all the furniture and that, I can be out whenever you want me to be,” Steve said, feeling a little winded as his marriage came to an end, even if it had been on life support for a while now. “I want you to keep your ring though, okay? You don’t have to give it back, I bought that for you. If you sell it or something, that’s fine too. It’s yours.”
“Sire, this is your first supper with the lottery winners,” Pepper reminded him urgently, walking over to his desk. “They’re waiting for you to arrive so they can be brought in.”
“We have to hire someone then,” Stane stated, a few names coming to mind, but he didn’t know who of them they could reach in time to finish this job. They really had left things to the last moment, but then again, so had Tony.
“We knew your pregnancy was going to be challenging, Bucky, this is just something else we have to factor in,” Dr. Marner said, trying to keep her voice even and soft as to not scare Bucky any more than he looked to be right now. “I may have to come up sooner than your third trimester as planned, I will have to come during the middle of your second trimester to have my eyes on you. Tony, can you take that probe and go…about four o clock until I say. Yes, there.”
“I don’t want to die,” Bucky whispered, his chest feeling tight as he spoke. “But if something happens and it comes down to me or the baby, I want you to help the baby first. My life was a mess until just recently, and I’m still plagued by everything they did to me. I think it’s better to save a new life than to save that.”
“Which rules are those? Is he going into a room there like he’s in here? Will he be electrocuted if he tries to leave?” Steve asked, realizing as he spoke that he had to control himself before he escalated all of this and made it a lot worse. Watching the others leave with Bucky’s things, he wanted to knock the boxes out of their hands.
“You don’t owe me anything, you know that right?” Tony asked, reaching his hand out to touch Bucky’s shoulder, giving it a squeeze as he watched his husband working on the floor.
“We should be cautious, Bucky could be right,” Sarah frowned, really hoping that this wasn’t the case. “That’s another reason we should work together here. Four sets of ears and eyes can see more than two. Please, Bucky, you know you can trust me, and in your heart, you know you can trust Steve too.”
“I’ll have a goat for you in a week,” Bucky said finally, a frown on his face as he thought about having to kill one of his little friends. Namor was right, though, they were food, and a lot of people were counting on him. “Just give him a week, I’ll fatten him up a bit more.”
“Can you stay? Please? We were going to meet you here, I thought we could surprise you,” Bucky said frantically, not wanting Steve to leave, really wanting his first time to be with them both.
“It doesn’t all look like this, but it is a nice country. We can take a vacation one time, do a few of the cities, whenever Bucky’s feeling up to travelling,” Tony said as he looked out the window at the mountains, surprised by how green this place was, that hadn’t really come up in his research. Though he supposed some things were just that much better in person. “No rush, though, we’ve got lots of time.”
“Sounds good to me. Buck, let’s roll you over,” Steve pulled his fingers free from Bucky, much to both of their dismay, and gave Bucky’s hip a slap. Watching him intently as he rolled over, Steve bent down to bite his left ass cheek before pressing a kiss against it. “Gods, I love looking at your ass like this, you’re wide open and ready for me.”
“Going now!” Tony said as he rushed past Pepper to the door, not wasting any time heading to the dining hall. He knew he’d pushed things with her, he’d have to make it up to her later, but for now he had a fancy dinner to host. On top of having potential fiancés to woo, and families to impress.
“Is he still on the floor? Tony, get him up, I got this,” Steve said, coming up the stairs with an electric handheld saw, holding the cord in his hand as he walked over.
Strange paused, looking thoughtful for a second before he moved the door so it wasn’t pinning Tony’s foot so painfully.
“I felt bad, Bucky, I was horrified. I stayed back because I thought you’d hate me,” Steve said weakly, still hating that he’d been such a coward. Bucky would have needed him them more than ever, and instead he stayed back out of fear of his anger. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I never meant to make you think I was using you. I was a kid, I didn’t know what to do, I’d just seen you lose your arm and I was a chicken.”
“O-oh. I’m…I didn’t really expect that,” Steve said as evenly as he could, wondering if he should have suspected that this could happen. It definitely didn’t go the way he’d been told it would, and he couldn’t help but worry about an emotionally delicate Bucky. wishing he didn’t find this out by himself. “Bucky, what happens is up to you, you know that, right?”
“That’s understandable,” Steve nodded again, not really wanting to check out the weapons or wizard anyway. “This is all kind of intimidating. Not you, you’ve been very gracious, but just being here.”
Steve felt like he was being hit with a tidal wave of emotion, tears pricking the corners of his eyes as he held onto Bucky with everything in him. In the time he’d known Bucky, he’d grown very attached to him. He loved coming into the white room every morning, he loved playing video games, or with one of the many board games, or just sitting and talking about all the things Bucky had missed, and what Steve was going to bring him next. He loved sharing everything he liked with Bucky, and god, he loved seeing the young man’s face light up, it made his heart sing every time.
“No, my jeans don’t fit any more,” Bucky said, patting his small stomach as he gave Steve a tight smile. “I’m going to be dressing like I’m working out from here on out, I guess.”
“So who the bloody hell…Pepper?” Stane tried, not sure of who managed to catch Tony’s eye enough for him to think marriage.
“Bucky…” Steve began, about to try to hug him when Bucky picked the cards up and held them out again. Staring at the backs of them, dark blue with the company logo in silver, Steve didn’t know if he wanted to hear any more today. But if Bucky wanted to talk, there’s no way he could tell him no. Reaching out, he pulled out a card, flipping it over to reveal the eight of clubs. “Bucky, that’s a lot, if you can’t think of-“
“I love you too, I love you all, I can’t believe I’m here with you now and that this is real. This is everything I ever wanted…” Bucky said, closing his eyes for a moment as Steve and Tony gave his hands another squeeze, looking at Dr. Marner, and giving her a little nod. “Let’s go…”
“And that is precisely why you’re here,” Ms. Carr said, clearing her throat. “Mr. Rogers, this position is going to involve you keeping one person happy. You are going to provide them with company and stimulation, you’re going to cater to their needs, for which you’ll be given a company credit card, and you are going to keep us abreast in your interactions with the client. You must also be available twenty four seven for his needs. For this, we will be doubling your salary, giving you a company car, and you will need to move closer if you’re not within a five minute drive. We will help with that, of course.”
“I hope I don’t disappoint you then,” Steve said as he lifted the red velvet cloth away to reveal a gold framed painting of the three of them in their more casual clothes. Captured in paint, Tony held one of his machines in one hand, his other arm around Steve, who had his arm around Tony on one side and Bucky on the other. In Bucky’s arm was a small black and white miniature goat, a favourite of his named Bess. The background was split between a pear tree with ripe, bright fruit hanging from its branches, and a wild rose bush.
“No, we won’t,” Sarah admitted, adding a splash of milk to the hot tea, bringing it over to her son with a smile. “How was your day aside from helping ladies with their shopping?”
“I-I kind of…I kind of assumed…” Bucky admitted quietly, his eyes dropping to the floor, unable to help being embarrassed by his disability. “Not that I thought badly of you, I just…” Sighing, he closed his eyes for a moment. “I don’t know how to think otherwise.”
“Yes,” Bucky dropped the probe again, burying his face in his hands, trying to catch his breath. “Or you tell him, either or. I want him to know.”
“You sound a lot better than most of the soldiers out there,” said Tony, unable to picture Steve as being a bully. He seemed gentler and more peaceful than the others Tony had known in that profession, and he was thrilled for that. The last person he wanted to marry was an asshole who beat up people for fun.
As Steve and Bucky turned, they were shocked to see everyone in the chapel rising to their feet. Standing on the stage with Tony between them, the two poor boys who had pledged marriage between them years ago were now standing with crowns on their heads, and rings on their hands promising themselves to each other as well as Tony. They’d said way back then they’d be rich one day, that they’d live in comfort with each other into their old age, but it had just been a dream then. And after so many years apart, that had long fallen into nothing.
“Breathe slowly, you’re hyperventilating a bit there, you have to calm down,” Tony said, looking at the doctor, whose expression read concern for Bucky. “If you wait, there are going to be more contractions, they’re four minutes apart now, and they’re lasting longer.”
“You have no idea,” Tony replied, slumping down as the pressure of the situation ripped at his heart inside his chest. The chances of this working were slim, but he couldn’t lose them, he couldn’t live his life knowing he didn’t ask. Even the thought of it being a possibility in his head made his heart sing, but his brain was quick to quiet it. He had no idea whether to be optimistic or pessimistic, he was torn.
“Fuck, baby,” Steve groaned as he began to slowly pull himself back, pushing forward with a little force to begin, but the urge to go harder was too great. He sped up quickly, both hands gripping Bucky’s hips to bring him hard into each thrust, the sound of skin smacking together only covered by the desperate sounds Bucky was making.
“Don’t involve Sam, not yet,” Tony looked over at Steve, giving him a weak smile. “Or maybe we’ll just send him home with you and Bucky, he and this Namor can protect you. That would be more important to me.”
“You can stay here as long as you want, you and Steve, my home is open to you,” Tony answered, giving him as comforting as a smile as he could manage, hoping that it worked even a little. “I’m sorry, Bucky, you will never be my property, you never should have been told you will be, but that doesn’t mean you’re not important to me. If you want to leave here, I will make sure you have everything you’ll ever need, but this can be home for as long as you wan-.”
Standing in front of Bucky’s door between his guards, he raised his hand for the tenth time to knock on it, only to pull it back as if the wood was going to burn him. He’d felt like that before, back when Bucky gave his arm for the elixir that gave him strength and health. Every single time he went to talk to his friend, he couldn’t bring himself to, and what had it cost him? He didn’t want history to repeat itself, though, he truly wanted to do this. He just didn’t want it to blow up in his face, though even he admitted he deserved no less.
“Maybe we should stop and dump that, he might need it again,” Tony said as he pulled over, waiting for Bucky to finish before he got out and took the bucket to dump it in the ditch, trying to ignore the sight and smell of it. He was going to be having kids, this would probably be on him at some point, and he was honestly struggling with that part. Taking out a half drunk bottle of water out of the cup holder, he rinsed the bucket and returned it to Bucky, miraculously not adding to the sick on the side of the road himself.
“I don’t want to sleep…” Bucky whimpered, holding Tony’s hand tightly as Steve stroked his hair back from his forehead. “I don’t want to dream, I keep seeing him…”
“Will you be staying with us for long, Your Majesty?” Stane asked Von Doom, mentally laughing to himself that this was going almost exactly how they’d planned. Tony was a bit of a smart ass, as he assumed, but he didn’t seem to suspect this pretty much rehearsed.
Bucky blushed, both at his nickname and the request, his cheeks burning as he opened his eyes to look between the two men. They were both so different, but they both picked that word to represent him, and he loved it. Though he felt deeply for them both, he didn’t think he’d be able to choose just one of them, it had to happen like this with the three of them. He was convinced in his heart that they all belonged together, and that there wasn’t another love like this on the entire planet for him. He had Steve and Tony, as much as they had him, and he’d rather be their ‘baby’ than anything else.
“Can we do it right now?” Bucky asked, brightening a bit as he looked between them. “Right now, in this bed, it’s perfect.”
“Well, you’re right, so if you want a colour different than that, feel free to pick one. Though there’s probably enough shades of blue for everyone,” Pepper said, recalling the last time she had to go down to the tailor’s workshop.
“I thought you’d approve,” Bucky said, looking down at it the Brooklyn Dodger logo and back up at Steve. “That or you’d pin me to the wall and kiss me.”
“I’ll try to be neater,” Steve promised as he wrapped some of the roast meat in a piece of bread, closing his eyes as he took a bite. And in that moment, a selfish part of his brain awoke, telling him he rightly won this life. As much as he felt for Bucky, he didn’t know if he could go back to that shack with his mother. He felt warm here, safe, clean, and now fed. It wasn’t going to be easy to give this up if he failed them.
“If you put dirt in the bed, I will kill you!” Steve said, though he couldn’t stop chuckling staring at Tony, shaking his head. “Just let her make a mess of herself, that’s what the hose is for.”
“I’ll let the King go over that with you,” Fury nodded at the man who had been holding the robes who lead the way out. Walking out behind Steve and Bucky, he leaned in closer as they began to walk towards a waiting cart.
“Maybe, I don’t know. Probably, you’re such a genius,” Bucky laughed again, wiping his eyes as he looked at Tony, pressing a soft kiss to his lips. “Oh my god, I have two arms again. This it…sorry you didn’t get a present, Steve.”
“We’re going to hold you every night,” Steve said, nuzzling Bucky’s temple, his hand moving under the younger man’s shirt to rest against his skin, trying to imagine the belly he was going to get as their child grew.
“We’re married…” Bucky said in a whisper, practically going out of his skin with excitement. He couldn’t stop biting his bottom lip, and if he didn’t, he was going to make himself bleed soon.
“Good news, you don’t have to,” said Steve as he followed them up the stairs, ready to kiss Bucky so hard he wouldn’t be able to breathe.
“And? Do you?” Tony asked with a grin, reaching down to stroke Bucky’s cheek as the younger man slid the length of Tony’s cock into his mouth. “Fuck, your pretty mouth is good for more than singing.”
“I do,” Von Doom said with another forced smile, pleased to see that Stane was coming into the room with them. Hopefully they’d be able to coax Tony onto their side together with some choice words. “Are you a wine man? Mead?”
“Trust me, you’re the much better choice,” Natasha took Bucky’s hand, giving it a squeeze as she smiled at him. “King Anthony’s going to fall hard for you, I know it. You’re handsome when you clean yourself up, you’re nice when you try, and you’re smarter than anyone at that castle. You can fix this kingdom, you can be the ruler we’ve all needed.”
“Steve,” Sarah said sadly, reaching across the table to touch his hand. “He might win, you never know. You’re right though, he would deserve it, but so do you.”
“So…this is a competition?” Steve asked, looking back over at Bucky, feeling guilty that he wouldn’t look back at him.
“It’s always a possibility, right?” Tony laughed weakly, wondering if he should have listened to his uncle and just gone with an arranged marriage. He was starting to get more nervous now. This had the potential to be one of the best decisions he could have possibly made, but there was an equal chance that he was making a huge mistake. He had to hope that coming up with this was fate, that his judgment was sound.
Steve did the search on his phone, looking at the multiple pictures of yolk sacs, his eyes moving back to the screen to compare them. It was all the convincing he needed, he was pretty sure based on this that Bucky was right.
“I present to you His Royal Majesty, King Victor Von Doom,” one of the trumpeters promptly announced as Von Doom bowed his head slightly forward.
“Eight? Okay, that’s not too bad, let me think…” Steve said, putting down the cards and holding up eight fingers so he could keep track of how many things he’d mentioned. “I collect Brooklyn Dodgers baseball memorabilia, I run every morning, I used to have an orange cat named Jinx, I used to get sick all the time as a kid but I grew out of it, I’m an artist or I try to be one anyway, my best friend is a pilot, my favourite food is spaghetti or hot dog cart hot dogs, and I’m married to a CIA agent named Peggy.”
“Oh, I will,” Stane watched Tony leave, waiting a few seconds before his face relaxed, leaving him looking as stern as ever. Gripping his cup, he gritted his teeth, allowing himself a moment before he began to start planning all over again. This wasn’t the complete disaster he’d been dreading. This was just another beginning that he hadn’t thought of, but the end result was going to be exactly the same.
“I definitely want to go in there, and you can’t bore me,” Bucky chuckled, relaxing a little after the tension of their last conversation. “It does look kind of creepy, though. Mostly because of the dark.”
Curled up on the bed with the blanket pulled over him, Bucky was curled up, clutching his pillow to his chest. He’d heard Steve come in, but he wasn’t ready to be social, not yet, he didn’t want Steve to see him cry.
“We could work something out to at least start like that,” Steve was sure that had to be true, and if anyone could find a doctor to work with them, Tony could. “Why don’t we see if we can do that tomorrow?”
“I mean, things can always get better, can’t they?” Tony smiled, reaching forward to take a grape from a bowl. “I’m sure they’ll have some insight on what needs to be improved. They’ve lived the life, after all.”
“You got us, baby,” Tony said, bringing Bucky’s knuckles up to his lip. “Think we came up with that one the first night we were together.”
“That might be more valuable than just locking him up,” Natasha said to Bucky, tapping the dagger against her hand carefully as to not leave a cut. “Because there might be more people coming for you, and I don’t think our luck will repeat itself.”
“You’re so much nicer than I ever thought you would be, and you keep saying to me that you want to make me happy, but it goes both ways. I want to make you happy too,” Bucky said, lying flat on the bed and looking up at both other men. “We’re both victims of your father, and Steve could have been one too, so I say we should stick together. You and Steve are the only two people I feel like I can trust, you’re the only two people who care about me, and I’m pretty sure you care about each other too.”
“Steve…?” Bucky said softy, not taking his eyes from Steve’s, studying the little fleck of green swimming in seas of blue.
“Okay,” Bucky looked into the box as he began to turn the crank, watching as tiny raised bumps made slivers of metal dance. He’d never seen anything like it before, he couldn’t wait to show Natasha. “It’s really for me?”
“This is why I wouldn’t marry for love,” stated Von Doom, looking at Stane with a serious expression. “Love is nothing but an easy way to make yourself vulnerable. I won’t taint my life with it.”
As Howard turned his gun toward Steve, and the needle came for his stomach, Bucky panicked, kicking out and landing one foot square in the doctor’s chest. Turning his body as much as he could in the large man’s grasp, Bucky’s metal arm reached up to grab Howard Stark and jerk him backwards. Their eyes met in the moment that Stark almost lost his footing, not breaking apart as Howard’s hand spun back around, the gun aimed right at Bucky when it went off.
“I think that’s what Steve and Bucky would have wanted most,” Pepper knelt in front of her King again, looking up at him. “Is there anything I can get you right now? Even if just a bottle of something? You’ve been suffering so much, and really I shouldn’t have been as honest as I was about the state of the Kingdom.”
“I’m not, Bucky, I love you a hell of a lot more than I did him. And you did nothing wrong,” Tony insisted, pressing the back of Bucky’s hand against his cheek, wishing he could climb in bed with him. “Please, both of you, don’t tell me you’re sorry. I’m the one that should apologize for…fucking all of this.”
“Thank the gods, I thought I was going to die waiting for it myself,” said Stane with a laugh disguised in a cough. It was going to be hard getting through this nonsense with a straight face. He’d danced when Steve and Bucky died, both times, and he was mentally spinning and clapping his hands now. He cared not for Tony’s loss, only for his own gains. “Let’s just hurry up and get this over with.”
“Steve, thank you, I owe you a castle or something,” babbled Tony as the hot, wet suction returned, laughing a little as he felt like he was going to melt into the bed. He’d had many mouths on him over the years, and he just happened to have married the hands down champion at giving head. He’d never felt luckier in his life.
“I’ve spent too much time down there already,” Tony remarked, flopping down in a chair with a newly poured tumbler of whiskey. “It’s time I start regulating my time between being a King and being an inventor.”
“They’re so cute. I think Peter looks like Tony,” Bucky laughed a little, just smiling down on the babies as Tony snapped some pictures, in absolute awe of how perfect they were. “I would do it all again for them.”
“I…” Tony swallowed hard, descending a little from his anger, just enough to look around at the situation. He was standing over his father’s body, who he’d killed with his own hands, and his husband was unconscious and bleeding out. This was definitely hitting high above his weight level, he couldn’t begin to deal with this. “Steve, call 911. Tell them our home was invaded and we have two ending medical help and one dead…”
“We have a bet on what I’m having,” Bucky added to the conversation, glad that he wasn’t nervous talking to her now, it was going to make her visits a lot easier.
“I mean, look what else they did to me,” Bucky shrugged a little, looking down at Tony’s mug again, not sure as to why they were talking about this stuff again. He was tired of talking about all of that, he just wanted to move on and concentrate on living his life now.
Staring at his husbands, his heart growing in his chest, Bucky felt the ghosts of his past getting fainter, their cold hands letting him go as the warm sun beamed down on everything he had in the world.
“Oh, alright, thank you for letting me know,” Steve said, stepping aside as she emerged from the room, putting the blood pressure machine back in the far corner. “How is he?”
“Show and tell, you bring something to school you like, and you get to show it off to everyone. It can either be really cool, or you can stand up in front of the entire class with their judging eyes and wish you were dead,” Steve said, forcing a laugh, though he knew it wasn’t going to fool anyone. Looking up log cabins on his phone, he opened the images tab and handed it to Bucky.
“Thanks…” the young soldier, a man barely twenty one named Steve, said as he took the hot tea from his mother and watched her hang up his uniform to dry. “Sorry I was late, Sam and I were helping a woman with her shopping.”
“Bucky?” Tony asked as Bucky’s eyes slowly fluttered open, not really focusing on anything. “Bucky, you’re okay, we’re just at a hospital, we’re right here with you.”
“You have me,” Steve reassured him, his voice low and soft as well, rubbing Bucky’s back in slow circles. “I’m not going anywhere.”
“Yes, that has to be today,” Pepper said, trying not to sound as irritated as she was, lest Tony take the opportunity to drive her insane. “You need to clean up, you need to get dressed…”
“Are you alright?” Bucky frowned, watching as Tony tried again to straighten his hair. “Is this a bad time? We can come back.”
“I’m still asking for those boots,” Fury chuckled, shaking his head as he went back over to his spot on the rampart.
“I just…I feel like that name’s bullshit,” Tony began to pace, looking over at Clint as he realized how close he was to losing one of the men he loved. He wasn’t very impressed with that. “I…I suppose you can live if you keep helping us.”
“Steve, I love you,” Bucky said as he pulled away from his fiancé, just wanting him to go, resigned to his fate. “I’ve forgiven you, I can go now.”
“Bucky, that’s…no. You’re not a baby machine, you’re a person,” Steve said sternly, not wanting to argue with him, but wishing he’d see sense that Tony and he loved him for more than his ability to carry kids. Sometimes he worried that Bucky didn’t completely believe them, it was something he and Tony were going to have to keep working on.
“Are you sure about that?” Von Doom asked, raising an eyebrow as he looked back up at Tony standing at the pulpit.
Looking up and turning around, Steve’s jaw hit the floor as he saw Tony standing in the doorway, almost stumbling over his own feet as he rushed to pull him into his arms. Holding each other close, both men finally felt some relief at being reunited.
“…what?” Stane almost dropped the empty glass in his hand, his eyes impossibly wide as he realized his mouth was hanging open. Composing himself, he coughed against his hand, taking a moment to wrap his head around what he’d just heard.
“Second last!” Bucky blurted before Steve could lower the glass of whiskey from his lips. “Sorry, Steve, looks like you’re first.”
“…I have made a huge mistake…” Tony said, shaking his head and looking down at his hands in his lap. “I sat back and I let other people be King for me, and now…why didn’t you tell me?”
“Well excuse me for not brushing up on my polygamy lessons before meeting with you today,” Rhodey shrugged again, at a loss for what to say. Usually Tony liked his advice, he felt bad letting him down today. “Tony, if it’s meant to be, it’s meant to be. What will happen if they do leave?”
“You mean both of you, together with me?” Bucky’s voice broke a little on the last word, feeling like his heart was in overdrive.
“I don’t hate you, I couldn’t hate you, I love you with all of my heart!” Tony stressed to him, not wanting to pull on Bucky, knowing that it would make his shoulder worse. The few drops of blood on his shoulder had turned into one large spot with a line descending from it.
“I remember him sucking on me, I don’t blame you,” Steve panted as he picked up his pace, letting out a gasp as Bucky got impossibly tight for a moment. “He loves cock, I don’t know how he lasted without me. When we were together, we were fucking twice a day most days. When we could, anyway.”
“You’re asking to speak to Bucky,” Natasha said, very much a statement and not a question. “Are you trying to make him angry? I mean, I know we have this truce and all, but you should go through me, not him.”
“No, I don’t want to be, I keep telling you that,” Tony sat upright, his arms crossed over his chest as he shook his head. He hated the title, the job, the uncomfortable gold crown, and pretty much every other part of it. He liked when he got to throw parties, especially when some cute dignitaries from other kingdoms came, but those times were few and far between. “I would like to just be left alone to do what I want to do.”
“I’m so glad you’re here too. I mean it. this is your home for as long as you want it to be. If you want to stay forever…” Tony sniffed, letting go of Bucky just enough that he could look him in the eyes. “You and Steve, you’re amazing, I’d love for you to be a part of my life.”
“I can’t…” Tony began, finally finding his voice once he was under the covers, looking over Bucky’s head at Steve, then down at Bucky, unable to help giving him a very awkward smile. “I can’t believe, I…you’re both incredibly kind, and I’m incredibly blessed just to spend time with you.”
“He was going to kill me, he was going to kill them…” Bucky sniffed as tears rose in his eyes, trying to sit up and gasping in pain from his shoulder.
“He can still puke or spontaneously go to the bathroom or something. You can’t get vomit out of car upholstery, I don’t want it to smell,” Tony said, about to drive off when he hit the brakes. “Oh god, car seats!” Jumping out of the car, he ran back to the house with Steve and Bucky watching.
“You’re just trying to flatter me,” Bucky blushed, setting his glass down as he looked down at his feet.
“Bucky knows, Tony. If your goal was to protect his feelings, he’s already guessed,” Steve said with a sign, getting up to go sit closer to his husband, wrapping an arm around him. “Of course it was going to bother you, even if it was a stranger it would probably bother you, not many people can just shoot someone and be instantly okay.”
“See? You made a good choice,” Natasha said as she helped herself to more grapes, biting a particularly round one in half.
“Don’t worry,” Tony put his hand up to silence Bucky, taking a bite from his cheese. “Whatever happens between us, I’m sure I can come to an agreement about your friend. I’ve never been so poor I had to steal, but that doesn’t mean I’m not sympathetic. She’ll be fine.”
“Oh, thanks,” Steve said, figuring he was going to have to haul one of them in from the other room. Bringing it closer to Bucky, he sat the chair down backwards, and took a seat with his arms crossed on the back, giving the boy a weak smile when they made eye contact. “…Look, I know this can’t be easy, you don’t even know me…”
“F-fuck…” Tony flopped down on the other side of Bucky, staring upwards at the painted ceiling, his entire body covered in sweat and trembling. He’d never climaxed like that before, he didn’t think it was possible for his vision to actually go black while he came, but he supposed he’d learned something that night.
“One month and I’m done,” Bucky said emphatically, taking a drink out of water and setting it down before he shook his head. “No more.”
“You don’t have to be…” Steve said as he got up from his chair, taking a seat next to Bucky on the bed and putting his arms around him tightly, pulling him against himself. “You’re not alone, you got it? I’m not going anywhere.”
“What?” Bucky asked, thoroughly confused as to why Natasha wasn’t turning this fucker inside out. “What’s going on? How do you know this guy?”
“It’s fine, the bike gives me something to do,” Bucky said, pushing his long hair out of his face, tucking it behind his ears. It didn’t bother him to sit around with messy hair and rumpled pyjamas, he couldn’t count how many people had seen him like that, or completely naked. Either way, he had no shame.
“Yes, an embarrassing amount,” admitted Steve, figuring this game was going to be a lot more fun if he just told the truth. “Now can I ask you if you’ve been with anyone else?”
“I…I see…” Stane felt sick in that moment, knowing how close Tony was to the truth, not knowing if he could keep him from it for two more days. He’d obviously been doing some sleuthing. “There are a lot of people in that chain, we’ll have to take our time slowly going over the evidence so we catch the wrong person. Then we can take them to the gallows an-“
“How do I bring it up with them though? Bucky hates Steve, am I damning him to sleep in the same bed or room or…I mean, three people can fit in a bed, but I don’t think Bucky would like it,” Tony shook his head, letting out a long breath as he brought his hands back up to his hair.
“Of course, give him all the time in the world, he can live in that room if he wants,” Tony said, watching Bucky breathe slow, even breaths as he slept, his eyelashes fluttering a little as he dreamed, which only made Tony feel worse at the moment. “…what does he dream about, just being in that cell? What else does he know enough to dream about? Or maybe his brain just makes shit up to fill in where all the life experiences were stolen from him.”
“We won’t say a word,” Steve said, managing to keep a straight face, even if Bucky couldn’t. He could feel him smiling against his shoulder. “Hugging is okay though?”
“We shouldn’t be talking in public like this, even quietly,” Von Doom said sternly, his own way of ending the conversation as he leaned back in the wood pew, looking around the room at the lavish decorations. What a waste of money.
“Are you alone?” Bucky asked, looking at Natasha, then back at Clint. “If you’ll work with others, I need to know if that’s the case now.”
“That’s not exactly everything,” Steve interjected, clearing his throat as he tried to ignore his once best friend. “I was very small and sickly, and my mother had heard of a magic man far in the woods who could help me. Bucky came with me, as did my mother, and when we found the man, he said he needed something from us. I swear, I didn’t know it was his arm, but…the man cured me in exchange for Bucky’s arm. He needed it for some spell.”
“I will, I will…” Tony waved his hand dismissively before running it through his hair, looking at Pepper. “How late am I now?”
“Never,” Natasha picked up another plum, going back to sit down, running a hand down the arm of her red dressing gown. Looking over at Bucky, she couldn’t help but think he looked more distinguished all cleaned up in his matching one. She wasn’t sure about Bucky being a royal at first, but she was starting to see it now.
“Are you kidding? You’re about to have our babies, you’re the most beautiful being in the universe right now,” Tony said, looking in the rear view mirror at his husbands, giving them a smile before he went back to concentrating on the road ahead.
“Nine,” Bucky said softly, letting out a deep breath he didn’t know he was holding. “Rebecca was seven, and I don’t know how old my mom was. I feel bad about that.”
Tony had hoped that line would garner applause, and he was relieved when it did. He felt like he was starting to get the hang of this, he wondered why he’d been so scared to talk to them. They were perfectly fine when they were drunk, fed, and entertained.
“You’re not here to clean, Mom,” Steve reminded her, leading her back to her seat, taking the one across from her. “People are taking care of you here, not the other way around. You don’t have to lift a finger ever again if everything goes well.”
“That wasn’t what I was trying to do, I was trying…” Steve opened his mouth to try to defend his horrible actions when Bucky came to the door behind Natasha. “Bucky, hi…I mean, James. Hi, James.”
“I love you too, Buck, you’re so fucking tight. How did I get so fucking lucky to have two fucking amazing lovers? You’re both so…fuck, I could get drunk off you,” Tony pressed his face against Bucky’s back, licking a line up his spine, tasting the essence of Bucky mixed with sweat. Pounding into him, he felt his own orgasm approaching, but he wasn’t going to slow down.
“Tony…Tony!” Steve said loudly, trying to break his husband’s concentration off the floor and onto something, anything else.
“No, he says it’s not the baby making, but I think that’s got to be a close second, I mean…” Steve laughed as well, not feeling bad for making Bucky blush bright red. “So what is it, Buck?”
“I fucking love you both!” Tony blurted, immediately tilting the whiskey bottle to empty down his throat as Steve and Bucky stared at him in utter shock.
Tony’s last stop of the day was to visit the man who took care of security for the kingdom. He didn’t talk to Nick Fury often, and he didn’t usually enjoy when he did, but he knew he had to be very involved in this, and he didn’t know if Pepper would have had time to come talk to him. Figuring he’d save her the trip, Tony walked up the tower to the ramparts above the gate, hoping Fury would be there as he usually was.
“So do you, and as much as I like Tony, I never stopped loving you,” Steve admitted, smiling a little at the shocked look on Bucky’s face. The other man hadn’t quite expected to hear him say that. “I would give this up if it made you happy, any day of the week. I would do anything for you. I was stupid and scared back then, but I’m hoping I’m a better man now. A man that can make things better between us.”
“Yes, I want to see him! Now!” Tony shouted, standing up, his brain throwing questions and fears at him faster than he could process them.
“You didn’t mean to hurt him,” watching Steve, Sarah stirred her stew slowly to lower the temperature. “You loved him.”
“Tony, you’re going to have to do more than that, you can’t do that to Bucky,” Steve said, feeling bad that Tony was going through so much and had a million things on his mind, but he couldn’t let Bucky suffer either.
“I guess you did a lot of wishing that you could go back in time and undo it,” Steve frowned, squeezing Bucky tighter as he felt like apologizing over and over again.
“I don’t know what I want right now, I don’t want to be here,” Bucky whispered, the weight of his reality pressing the breath out of him, gasping for a deep breath. He felt claustrophobic all of a sudden, all he could think of was his cell at Stark Industries, and the dread he’d felt listening to Howard Stark tell him what his body was made to do.
“Shh!” Natasha perked up, looking up as the musicians stopped playing on stage and more red and gold lanterns were lit. “It’s time!”
“I have,” Tony exhaled, taking another drink before turning around and just grabbing the entire whiskey bottle for himself.
“No, to be honest, but I had inside information about avoiding security, I knew when the patrols were, where they were, all that,” Clint frowned, reaching into a pocket to take out a slip of paper with some odd writing on it. “This is my own code, but those are the times the guards would walk over to this area of the castle as well as for Steve’s window.”
Stepping from the space where he’d been hiding beside a cabinet in the corner, his footfalls were silent across the cold stone floor.  Holding his breath, he approached the bed, ready to end this all in one stroke so he could move on to his next target. Killing people in their sleep wasn’t his normal method of operating, but he was tight, and the money was good, so he was going to be as dirty as he needed to be.
“You haven’t seen it yet,” Bucky said matter of factly, leaning back as Steve’s touch began to overwhelm him. He’d truly thought in all this time that his appearance had disgusted Steve, it was a miracle to know he didn’t. “Anyway, my question time, did you ever have a thing for Sam?”
“…it’s my stomach, I…” Bucky tugged his blanket up further so it covered his shoulders, curling into a ball underneath it. “Every time I think about leaving, about having kids, I get sick. What if Tony hates me? What if I’m just…kept in the basement alone to have his children and never see the light of day again? What if I’m just some slave to them?”
“Oh gods, thank you,” Bucky relaxed completely, flopping against the back of the couch as he downed his whiskey in a gulp. He didn’t realize how tense he’d been, knowing Natasha was going to be okay was all the relief he needed.
“I’m being entirely plausible right now,” Bucky gritted his teeth as he shook his head, feeling like he’d just rather leave than be a part of someone else’s game. He didn’t think Natasha would let him though, especially seeing as she didn’t appear to agree with him.
“No, I just wrote it in my head,” Bucky smiled, hugging Steve back as the man kissed him. “I can write it down though, I won’t forget it or anything. Why, do you want a copy?”
“I’m bringing my mother,” Steve wondered what she would think of everything going on. He knew he’d have her cheering him on as he courted the King. “So I suppose two for me.”
“That is more than okay, that’s perfect!” Tony grinned, loving the mix of wonder and possible fear this was going to inspire in people. What mattered is that it gave them something to talk about on top of the upcoming wedding. “Can you make it a bit scary? I think people like a bit of a scare.”
“Tony, listen to me,” Pepper’s voice was soft and even as she spoke to him. “If you want to apply yourself, if you want to be a King, you can do it. You can still win them over and be a great leader.”
“You…you make me happy too…” Bucky panted as he draped his legs over Tony’s shoulders, reaching out to Steve and taking his hand to squeeze. He thought he’d been pushed to the limit by Steve, but every move Tony made inside him made him want to go further. “Can we do this a lot? Both of you?
Steve’s jaw dropped open a little as his could only blink, his stomach feeling like it was in a knot. So there it was. He wasn’t taking a job as a companion, he was taking the position of Bucky’s jail guard.
“What if you don’t come back? What if someone finds you?” Bucky asked weakly, his body tensing up more and more every time Tony hit the gas or took a wild corner.
“And so are our services, Sire, for anything you need,” Fury grinned, finally giving Tony a little bow. Hopefully he could solve their boot shortage while they were at it, there were more than a few toes poking out here and there. Definitely not the image a king wants for the front line in his defense. “When you know more about what’s going on, let me know and I’ll be here to help.”
“You fucking tease,” Tony moaned, looking down at him, and breathing hard. He hadn’t expected Bucky to be so bold and playful in bed, and he was enjoying the prospect at more of this behaviour. “Does he do this with you too, Steve?”
“I’m not going to lie and pretend I know what to do about this, but…until he makes a decision, we can’t really begin to make plans,” Steve said softly, not wanting Bucky to overhear either. He didn’t want him to think they were doing something without him. “I’m glad you feel the same way I do, that he should do this.”
“And hello to you too, Steve,” Tony grinned, bringing out his hand from behind his back, holding a long, flat box. “I come with gifts.”
“Natasha?” Ronin didn’t drop his sword, but he did lower it, not turning his head lest his throat get opened up. “Natasha, is that you?”
“I would have liked your cabin,” Bucky said as he passed Steve’s phone back to him, closing his eyes and snuggling against him so he could try to forget where he was.
“Bucky??” Tony got out of bed quickly, grabbing a t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants off the chair in their room, running for the stairs. “Bucky, where are you?” Rushing down the stairs, ready to throw his clothes on once he hit the bottom, he was momentarily relieved to see Bucky until he realized that he was on his hands and knees on the floor. “Steve!!”
“Our hands, Von Doom, don’t get ahead of yourself,” Stane said angrily, not wanting to miss out on his part of the spoils here. He was already a very rich man from the taxes he was embezzling off of their own people, but he always wanted more.
“Of course, she can talk to mine, Valeria,” Von Doom said as he gestured over to a dark haired woman in the corner, holding her own book in her hands. “Maybe while they’re talking business, we can have a much more candid conversation.”
“…Steve?” Bucky asked, turning around and looking at him. “I don’t want to leave you. I don’t want you to leave me. Please.”
“Lift your head, Steve, and lower yours, Bucky,” Tony instructed with a smile, waiting for them to do so before placing the crown on top of Steve’s head, and then Bucky’s. Stepping aside for a moment, he let the priest lay a blessing on them before Tony returned to his spot directly in front of his husbands. “As my husbands, you are entitled and I willingly give to you the positions of Kings of the Iron Kingdom. With those titles, I know going forward that you will both work in the best interest of your people. I know you will be amazing. Rise, King Steven Stark and King James Stark, and greet your people.”
“Steve, it’s okay, let’s see it,” Bucky encouraged, smiling up at him with shining blue eyes. “I already know it’s going to be beautiful.”
“Alright, but before you freak out, just listen to me,” Natasha said, reaching into her pocket and pulling out a slip of paper. “I applied for a ticket.”
“So we need to sit down and calmly think of a plan,” Stane said with a sigh, wishing he could let go of this ring to take another drink. He needed to keep a clear head, though, this was too important to take any risks, and that included alcohol consumption.
“I think having them all here might be confusing, we can build a stage in the town square. Where the gallows used to be,” Tony suggested, wishing Pepper was here to write this down. He was going to have to go back to her office to let her know what he’d figured out with Strange.
“I’m sure he’ll want to see you. He’d not expecting you, as such, but he thought you might be coming,” Fury looked out the window, keeping his eyes open for anyone looking suspicious. He had half a dozen men accompanying them back to the castle, but he wasn’t taking any chances either.
“So what do you propose we do?” Stane cleared his throat, trying to keep his tone as neutral as possible. In his head, he was throttling Tony, and not for the first time.
“We did, a long time ago,” Bucky’s voice was soft and quiet, embarrassed at being caught glaring at Steve by the King. That can’t be a good first impression.
Bucky was about to argue, but something about Steve’s tone made him think that was going to be a bad idea. Sitting on the couch instead, he leaned back and sighed, wishing he could just find out now if the baby was going to be okay.
“It’s just a mess, it’s a knot in my head, and I don’t know where to start with it,” Bucky sighed, though he had to admit to himself he was glad to be still for a while. He just had to keep trying to keep flying on a plane out of his mind. “Where is Dawson City? Other than Canada, I know that’s north of us.”
“Excellent, Mr. Rogers,” Ms. Carr said, taking the tablet back, sending off the contract before opening Steve’s personnel file, selecting it so it appeared over the tablet for both of them to see. “You have an exemplary record here in your five years at Stark Industries. You have multiple notes in your file about excellent service, your problem solving skills are great, and you’ve never has so much as a complaint from your co-workers. You’re a star employee.”
“…you never said anything about Bucky being a guy, that didn’t shock you?” Steve asked, his laugh a little more genuine.
“I would like…” Tony began, leading Bucky in and over to the bed, tracing his fingers down the small of his back. “Do you want to undress each other?”
“No one blames you for that,” Sarah said, feeling maternal over Bucky as she always had. There had been a time when he was pretty much her second son, and it was still close to her heart.
“I’m not leaving your side, baby, I won’t let him near you. I love you so much and I’m not letting anyone touch you again,” Tony promised him, moving closer to cup Bucky’s cheek in his hand. “I’m here to protect you, we’re both here to protect you, and we’re not going to leave our posts until we get you home and in between us.”
“Okay…” Pepper said as she jotted all of that down, wondering if she should put these stipulations on the tickets or not. She didn’t want someone thinking they could put forth their sixteen year old, and she really didn’t want to have to do all of this over again.
“I know what it’s like to feel like people don’t care,” Bucky said softly, not caring about personas and winning that way any more. He wanted to win because Tony liked him, he hadn’t realized how much that meant to him before this moment. “After my family died, all I really have now is Natasha. She’s my best friend in the world, and she’s the only person who really cares what happens to me. She’s the one that bought the ticket, actually, so you can thank her for me being here.”
“Oh boy…” Peggy said, biting her lip for a moment before her shoulders relaxed. “…I think we’ve needed to have a talk for a bit if this is the talk I’m thinking of.”
“He’s right. Relax and trust me,” Tony said as he lined up behind Steve, nudging his knees apart a little, and reaching his fingers down to rub up against the tight ring of muscle. “It’s okay, relax more than that, just push out against my fingers.”
“He can’t leave that room, he’s got a chip in him, it’ll electrocute him. And even if I could, I don’t know where I could run that would be safe for both of us,” Steve said, defeat in his voice as he stared down at his meal, picking up a piece of potato and taking a bite, not wanting to look suspicious by not eating. “I love him, Sam, I’m not leaving him, I’m not going to abandon him to a life of slavery, having kids and maybe never even getting to see them or raise them. His existence can’t be just breeding with Tony Stark, I have to be there for when he needs me.”
“Oh wow, uhm…” Steve cleared his throat, feeling horribly put on the spot. “A girlfriend in high school, then I met someone else in college before I met my wife, and…that’s it. May I ask why it’s relevant?”
“Tony, I know you’re in here,” Howard said, looking around the room to figure out where his son was hiding, his best guess being over by the pile of metal he’d watched Tony bring in piece by piece. “This place is a mess.”
Though as soon as he was on the stage, he realized he wasn’t alone. Looking over to the other side, he saw Steve and his mother being led up the other stairs. All of a sudden, anger was flaring inside him, and it took everything he had to not go push Steve back into the crowd. The only thing stopping him was knowing that King Anthony was right there, and he didn’t want to start their relationship with the King thinking he was a lunatic.
“I wish I could tell you that you have months, but I kind of left this whole marriage business a little late. That’s on me,” Tony said with a tired sigh. “I don’t want to do this at all, but I’d rather do it with someone I have a chance of liking. Uncle Obadiah wants me to marry Von Doom from Latveria.”
“When you meet Bucky, don’t scream or act dramatic, you’ll scare him, he’s still in a bit of shock from his voyage here,” Howard said as he lead Tony down the stairs and into a room much like the one Bucky was used to. Only this time, there was another bedroom sharing the space of the exercise room, with a small fridge and hot plate. “He’s just fine, little nervous, but he’s okay.”
“Oh my gods, how much did we drink?” Tony moaned as he came from the other room where Jarvis had undressed the three of them as to not ruin their fancy wedding clothes. Now, just in their underclothes, they were finally alone for the first time all day. It was what he’d been waiting for since they were reunited earlier, and now that the time had come, he couldn’t help being nervous.
“I suppose that’s true for all of us,” Sarah came over to the fire again, sitting in her chair for now. “But he’s promising marriage, not just a meeting.”
“Fair enough,” Tony nodded, figuring he could put up with that if it meant that Strange was going to participate. “Can I ask you something? Do you talk to other wizards?”
“I...see…” Stane managed to force a smile, but inside he was screaming in frustration. He was going to kill Clint Barton if he ever crossed his path again, that bastard accepted a full payment from him. “Wait, you said they’re hiding in James’s old house? Are you sure they’re safe there?”
“We’re boarding in ten minutes,” Tony said, closing the SUV up, looking over at a worried looking Steve and a very frazzled Bucky, feeling sick that he was dragging them to the other side of the continent because they weren’t safe from his father. He knew he was scaring Bucky, who was pregnant with a child he was going to consider his even if it was biologically Steve’s, and he didn’t know what was going to happen there. He just wanted to go home and lie in his soft bed, cuddle with Steve and Bucky, and enjoy just being together. He didn’t know when that was going to happen again though.
“It’s…I usually don’t talk to others much, people don’t bother with me,” Bucky admitted, not knowing if that was good or bad for playing mysterious. He was starting to wonder if he had any idea how to do that at all.
“Mr. Stark requested that I ask,” Ms. Carr said, not going any further. “Are you a socially active person?”
“It’s not even that…it’s not about going outside,” Bucky interrupted, bringing a hand up to rub his eyes. “As nice as it would be to go outside, I mostly want…I want my feelings to be my own, I want to know if I like someone because I truly do, or because they fucked me up so much.”
“…fine,” Pepper finally conceded, gritting her teeth as she admitted to herself that this was just going to keep going in circles. “You can wear that if you go up there right this instant and make an appearance. And you’re going to stay there, eat, and be social!”
“If you say so,” Stane looked out from their tent at the back of the stage, gritting his teeth. He’d honestly been hoping it wouldn’t get this far, but that didn’t mean that he was giving up. Tony wasn’t married yet.
“I wrote you a song,” Bucky blurted, immediately wincing a bit as he thought about what he’d just said. At least a painting could hang on a wall forever, he wasn’t sure what a song could do for them. “It’s nothing much.”
“They might not care once it doesn’t affect them, though,” Steve frowned, hoping that wasn’t going to be the case. “I hope the winner is someone that really deserves it. Someone like…”
“Hey,” Steve said as he went straight to the bed, pulling back the blankets to lay beside him, putting his hand on the small of Bucky’s back. “Tell us what you’re thinking, okay? It doesn’t help to hold it in, remember?”
“I haven’t found a reason why not yet and…” Tony gave them a quizzical look, trying to figure out what was going on exactly. He’d spent time with these two men at the same time before, at it usually involved more angry glaring and less comforting hugs. “You two want to tell me what’s going on?”
“I don’t care about that,” Bucky said softly, turning his head to the side to face Steve. “I don’t care what lies you have to tell, I just don’t want to die, and I don’t want our babies to either.”
“It’s not your fault…” Bucky said, spitting the last of the foul tasting spit out of his mouth, his hand against his stomach. “It’s probably…can we go? I feel fine now, I just want to go.”
“Steve,” Sam said, leaning forward after giving the room a quick scan to make sure no one was within hearing distance of them. There were a few people sitting over by the window, and a couple more near the bathroom, but they were pretty secluded where they were. “If you think you’re in danger, I want you to tell me.”
“K-Kirk, he…h-he’s brave, and he d-does the right thing…” Bucky said, his voice shaking, followed by the rest of him, as tears rose in his eyes. Picking up the cards, he gave them back to Steve, waiting to go again.
“I’m glad I finally met you...” Bucky replied, emotion heavy in his own voice, holding onto Tony tightly. “I’m glad I’m here.”
“Are you supposed to meet with the King today? Did he say if he’d be coming to visit?” Sarah asked, leaning back in her chair, feeling like royalty already.
“She just wanted to be held, I’m not the baby whisperer,” Steve said, looking at Bucky, who hadn’t taken his eyes off her. “Do you want a little water or anything? They said you might be nauseous, but they put stuff in your IV.”
“Excellent, I’m glad you did,” said Tony as he clasped his hands together. “Are you hungry? Is there anything else we can get for you? Oh, I suppose we should find your families and let them know what’s going on.”
“We have lots of time, don’t worry,” Steve reassured Bucky, rubbing his good shoulder to ease some of the tension in it. “Even if they don’t have names for a bit after they’re born, they’re babies, they won’t know the difference.”
“Nothing. A bucket actually,” Bucky said, not sure about how his stomach was going to take the tea and crackers. “Definitely a bucket, I feel like someone’s beaten me up inside and all my organs are protesting.”
“That’s understandable,” Stane nodded sagely, bringing a hand up to stroke his beard as he turned his body to face Tony better. “But Tony, it’s not real. They won’t be married to you, they won’t be buried Kings. They won’t count for you keeping your crown.”
Tony had already thrown up twice that afternoon, and he was going for a third if his stomach didn’t hurry up and calm down. He’d tried having a few drinks, but that had only made the few handfuls of nuts he’d managed to choke down come up even faster. He’d even tried going to his workshop to try to cool down and concentrate on something else, but when he struck an iron ring and it split into three, he knew he couldn’t be there now either. Pacing through the castle avoiding his uncle and Pepper did little to calm his nerves either, each minute passed like a century. It was like five o’clock would never come.
“I’m not shocked, that’s a good tactic,” Clint nodded, looking around the room, admiring the artwork. He didn’t usually get to work in places this nice. “I’m glad you’re okay, and I’m glad your friend is okay.”
“You’re going to kidnap the consort of the King and think that you can get away with it?” Bucky said incredulously, shocked by the plan, or lack thereof.
“He’s right, what he knows is more important than locking him up,” Natasha stepped in, hoping that Tony would listen to her. “If he tells us everything, he’s not going to try to kill Bucky or Steve again.”
“Over here, follow me,” Tony led them over to the furniture in the corner of the tent, sitting down on his red plush chair and leaving the couch for them.
“Our hands, of course,” Von Doom relaxed a bit, though his expression stayed as hard as nails. “I don’t intend to take from you what is rightfully yours.”
“And you have to stay there after supper,” Pepper added with a huff. “No leaving to come back down here. You have to have a few drinks with them if they choose to indulge in that, or you can have coffee, but you’re staying there.”
“No, it’s not happening, now keep looking,” Steve said with determination, pushing against the roof desperately. “Are there shingles on this building?”
“What if I said you could have them with a man? That he could carry your child?” Howard stepped forward, watching the confusion form on Tony’s face as he gave him a smile. “After you came out, I spoke to some doctors, and they devised a way for a male to bear children.”
“That sounds like more than a hobby, that sounds like a calling,” Steve’s eyes moved up to what Tony was looking at, smiling a little at the painting.
“I will say ‘you there, bring me something yellow, round, and sweet’,” Bucky chuckled, laughing harder as he tried to keep a straight face. “I mean, how many things can be yellow, round, and sweet?”
“That’s your profession, what do you like to do?” Tony asked, raising his eyebrows as he leaned closer to the younger man. “We’re not here to judge you or anything, I’m just seeing how I can help you.”
“It felt like…like everything in my life changed in a moment,” Bucky said, his hand gripping his thigh as the familiar ache gnawed at his heart. “I couldn’t be a soldier like we planned, I couldn’t even be a good apprentice anywhere, everything took two hands. So now I herd goats and steal from people who can work.”
“That wouldn’t stop us from having a ceremony or something. You’d be married to us in the only way that matters, and we’ll do that, okay?” Tony said, looking at Steve for a moment as he wondered if that meant the two of them would be getting hitched as well. Not that he would mind, he loved Steve more than any boyfriend he’d had before, marrying him would be an honour. “That good with you, Steve? We…we should do it on paper, though, you and me. So if I die, the company will go to you, and you can look after Bucky and the…the baby.” He didn’t think he was ever going to get used to saying that.
Tony held his breath for a moment as Bucky leaned his head against him, pausing for a moment before his hand on his side, hugging him closer. Looking beside Bucky at Steve, he hoped the other man didn’t think he was trying anything, he just wanted to comfort Bucky, and he was pretty sure that’s what Bucky was asking for.
The second it clattered to the floor, Tony was over in a flash, pulling Bucky into his arms and onto his lap, rocking him slowly. He felt like his heart was breaking as Bucky sobbed, feeling both tears and blood soaking into his own shirt as he held him close. The thought that he’d been walking around with that much guilt on his chest hurt him deeply, and looking up into Steve’s eyes, he realized he wasn’t the only one who felt like that.
“I won’t,” Steve said, pulling his fingers out of Bucky, filling his hand with a puddle of lube, coating his straining erection. Pushing Bucky’s legs  against his chest, Steve lined himself up, taking a deep breath as he slowly eased himself inside him. “Holy fuck…”
“Good, because I can’t sleep,” Steve said as he let out a sigh, pulling Bucky closer in their pile of hay and blankets. His nose itched badly, but he didn’t want to let go of the other man. “Tomorrow is it, it’s the wedding. We’re hopefully never going to have to sleep in a pile of hay again.”
“True,” Tony yawned, sitting up from the opposite corner where Howard had guessed, still holding a screwdriver in his hand. “But I’m not cleaning it or I won’t know where everything is. It’s an overused excuse but…here we are.” Ducking back down, he began to work on the robot he was working on, preferring that to a conversation with his father.
“It’s not quite that bad,” Bucky said as he slowly got to his feet, his heart beating hard in his chest as his palms got sweaty. “It’s…I didn’t know what to get you both, I’m not good with gifts. I wanted it to be something that only I could get you, but I didn’t want to just spend a lot of gold, especially with Tony saying we should keep our spending down.”
“Alright, what do you have to work with?” asked Von Doom, seeming to lean back in his own seat. “Where do you think you can start?”
“Thank you…” Bucky took the robes, putting them on, just wanting out of that house and away from Namor’s blank eyes.
“Steve…” Bucky whispered, shivering a little as he realized what had just happened to him, that he’d been shot and he wasn’t sure where, the pain seemed to radiate all over. “Tony, help…help me….”
“I like whiskey, probably too much,” Tony moved over to the table in the sitting room, pouring three glasses half full with his personal stash of finer liquor. Handing one tumbler to Von Doom, he picked up both to give one to his Uncle, keeping one for himself. “I’ve been told I can drink too much, but it’s what gives my brain a rest at the end of the day.”
“I don’t know why you put it on at all,” Stane said, walking over to his nephew to put a hand on the puffy material covering his shoulder. “I mean it, you don’t have to do this.”
“That’s a possibility, it really can be, just know you have to be honest with yourself going into this conversation,” Rhodey took his hand back away from Tony, placing it back on the handle of his cane. “And you have to think about what you want to say, what you need them to know. It’s not something you should rush into.”
“I’m going to get better with people, I’m going to be able to travel and that soon,” Bucky said with determination, looking into Tony’s eyes for a moment before his gaze turned to the scenery again. “If this is a small town, I should be able to go out here.”
“You’re a grown man, Tony, and King. What’s he going to do to you?” asked Rhodey, looking over at some gardeners pruning the roses. Tony definitely picked a nice place to meet, he’d have to suggest this again in the future.
“You can do this, Bucky, you know Dr. Marner now, and I’ve met Dr. Graham, you’ll like her too. And we’re not going to leave your side for a second, at least one of us will be with you all the time,” Tony said, figuring that was a promise that they’d be able to keep. He could see the town now, they were almost there, and the reality of everything was growing by the second. “You never have to do this again if you don’t want to.”
“Only if you take yours off too,” Bucky grinned, biting his bottom lip as Steve took a hold of the dark underwear, pulling them down his legs and off in one motion. “That’s me, what about you? And you, Tony, I shouldn’t be the only naked one here.”
“No no no…” Tony felt like he was going to be sick, hurrying straight for the door without a weapon or a plan, throwing it open as he barged into his house. It took everything in him to keep himself from being sick the moment he saw his father standing in the middle of the room with two other men, one of them holding Bucky tightly with a hand over his mouth.
“You do, Pops,” Steve grinned widely, reaching to touch Bucky’s cheek, then his daughter’s. “We think she looks like a blonde you, but we’ll see what happens when she grows a bit.”
“When do we leave?” Steve asked as he got out of the car, realizing Bucky was barefoot, and scooping him back up into his arms as Tony opened the lift gate to get their luggage, throwing the coats over his arm.
“And it worked,” Strange smiled over the lip of his cup, tipping it back to take a sip. “You are not that king, and I’m not that wizard.”
“I’m thinking you’re not wanted, you’ve never been caught, you could win this and save us all,” Natasha said evenly and slowly, not reacting to Bucky’s outburst. “If you’re on the inside, if you have the King’s ear, then we can really help people. You can influence his policies, you can make positive change.”
“You’re going to get to go to sleep soon, and when you wake up, the twin will be here and hopefully you can go home soon,” Steve said, though he knew this was major surgery and Bucky might need more care after than he and Tony could provide. “We just have to get you inside, baby, can you do that?”
“Go ahead, Buck,” Steve smiled as he felt like he was reading Bucky’s mind, reaching over to put a hand on his back, letting him know he was right behind him.
“You have me,” Steve whispered, moving his hands along the backs of Bucky’s thighs, kissing his collarbone. “I promise you I’m not going anywhere. Except to…Tony?”
“No, that’s perfect,” Tony laughed, rubbing both of their shoulders before giving them each a kiss on the cheek. “That is…wow, I couldn’t have come up with a better option myself. You’re a genius, Steve.”
Nodding, Steve went around to the other side, getting into the car after admiring how Tony plastic wrapped the back seat. “You know his water’s not going to break, right?”
“I think that was part of Father’s success, to be honest, it’s why I want to do it,” Tony pushed his plate away, taking a long sip of coffee. “I think this could change a lot.”
“I thought I saw something, it’s nothing,” Steve’s eyes scanned the mouth of the alley where he thought he saw what he was both looking for and avoiding. Frowning, he pushed it out of his mind as he turned back to the stage as the music started.
“It feels so weird…” Bucky had to laugh, not used to having something hanging off that shoulder any more, reaching to touch it with his flesh hand. “It’s amazing, I’m…can I look in the mirror?”
“It’s not so much that, it’s that, well…” Steve laughed nervously, licking his lips. “I’ve never been the type of person to ask for a lot.” Especially after what happened to Bucky, Steve didn’t want anyone to have to make a sacrifice for him ever again.
“How was your day? How do you like it here?” Tony asked curiously, knowing that Steve hadn’t asked Pepper for much in the way of things to do or have. “You know, you can ask us for anything, you don’t have to hold back on our behalf.”
Steve didn’t hesitate, scooping up Bucky in his arms and going after Tony, well aware that something was obviously seriously wrong. His own nerves were on edge, he couldn’t imagine what was going through Bucky’s head at the moment. He had to hope that this wasn’t going to push Bucky’s anxiety into overdrive.
“Your Majesty,” Tony lowered his own head in return, hating this pageantry, having a hard time not rolling his eyes. “Did you come from Latveria? You must need food and drink, and probably baths.”
“We promise,” Steve repeated, kissing one of Bucky’s cheeks as Tony pressed his lips to the other. “Our hearts are yours, forever, we’re going to love you more and more with each passing second, Bucky Stark-Rogers.”
“Sorry, sorry about that,” Tony said as Steve unlocked the doors, looking down at him and smiling weakly. “We have the flight. One stop to refuel, but other than that, we’re going straight there alone.”
Staring into Sam’s eyes for a moment, Steve reached into the inner pocket of his leather jacket, pulling out a sealed white envelope and setting on the table. Setting his hand on it, he paused for a moment before pushing it towards Sam.
“I liked it,” Bucky said with a smile, finding a tiny way that he could be better than Steve and running with it.
“The wine’s not going to do that, let me get you a whiskey,” Pepper hurried over to the refreshment area of the King’s personal tent, pouring him a glass with a couple shots in it. Bringing it back over, she handed Tony the glass before straightening his crown. “You’re going to do fine.”
“I couldn’t make him budge, especially once they were really dead,” Stane shot back, just as annoyed by the situation as Von Doom was. He thought today was going to be the last day he needed to worry about his plan. But Tony had asked him for one more week to mourn, and he couldn’t think of a good enough reason to deny him. There was still time until his birthday, after all.
“Namor’s actually right, let’s not worry about it until it comes up,” Natasha went back to her chair, giving Bucky a bit of space. “We could be freaking out over nothing.”
“…thank you, Pepper,” Tony said after a moment of silence, looking down at his hands in his lap, making sure they trembled a bit as he brought them up to smooth his hair. “You’re a good friend, not just a worker, but I can tell you anything…”
“Presumed dead, missing, and we’re not working with him,” sighed Von Doom, getting frustrated again. They just seemed to be going in circles, and he was getting irritated again. “I can’t think of any top assassin that we can hire in time that we can trust.”
“There’s a lot more to it than that,” Pepper pulled her papers away from Tony, turning her attention back to them. “For starters, we have to figure out how many families will be participating, which ones are eligible, which ones we definitely can’t include…”
“I think so,” Bucky said, using some paper towel to clean his stomach off before taking his husbands by their hands, holding them tightly.
“No, a prototype means it’s the first of it’s kind,” Tony explained patiently with a warm smile, winding up a dog next, who wagged his tail and laid down. “And his name is Billy, actually, I’ve never told anyone else that before.”
“I wonder how much longer the free food and drink will be around, that can’t possibly go on all night,” Natasha changed the subject, trying to get Bucky into a better mood. Maybe this hadn’t been the best plan for him, Natasha had hoped he would see it as more of a chance for change. Instead, Bucky seemed to just use it as another excuse to hate his appearance.
“Steve…” Sarah sighed, but she knew her son wasn’t going to budge on this. “I really hope you win this, you know. You’re such a talented artist, and if you had the money to buy proper supplies, I know you could make beautiful things. I want you to be able to flourish, not just live.”
“I don’t know yet, I haven’t been a good King for long enough,” Tony sighed, thinking for a moment as he tapped his fingers against the outside of the glass. “I’m thinking whoever has stolen this money must have it still, either in the form of gold or possessions. We’re going to be taking every cent back.”
“Oh, tons, swarms of them,” Steve grinned, watching Bucky fix his hair, hoping it was a good sign that he’d be in a brighter mood today, despite the worries on his mind. “If you eat anything on the street, eagles will attack you for it. That’s why people have leashes for toddlers, in case an eagle tries to steal them.”
“You’ll see him soon enough. We’re going to need to get you there in secret after we torch this place,” Fury ushered them towards the door where one of his men stood with two robes. “As far as anyone will be able to tell, it’s us escorting two clergy members to the castle. And considering there’s a funeral there tomorrow and streets are dangerous right now, no one will think twice about that.”
“Is that you in the back, Uncle?” Tony asked from his throne, seeing the bald man trying to get through to him. Gesturing for the people to step from his way, Tony looked down at him as he managed to come up the empty middle. “Sorry about that, I didn’t realize we were having company, I would have called you earlier.”
“Give me an hour and I can have everything prepared,” Pepper said, glad that they’d at least prepared a few rooms for the draw winner. They’d only have a few more to freshen up. “Is there anything else you’d like me to do, Sire?”
“Bucky, holy shit, get up!” Steve hurried to his side, wanting to pull him out of there so he could finish the work himself. He wasn’t denying that this was a good idea.
Tucking his arm behind his back, Tony smiled as the wood door swung open, revealing a nicely dressed Bucky Barnes. He hadn’t thought that Pepper would have given Bucky orders to dress up too, but it was too late to go change now. Holding out his hand, he revealed a small wood box in the palm of his hand with a tiny crank on the side.
“You’re late for supper!” Pepper pursed her lips sternly, still hugging her notebook to her chest, a pencil clutched in her hand.
“They’re coming,” Steve said, looking over to make sure the big guy was still down and the doctor wasn’t planning anything. “What can you do? There has to be something more than just trying to hold his blood in.”
“You’re right, we need food,” said Tony as he let go of his husbands and walked back into the sitting room. Picking up a mostly empty bottle of whiskey, he poured three glasses and set them down around everyone’s usual spots before sitting down himself. “Come on, whiskey time, then I think we can do our presents.”
“Please don’t make me go, please don’t…” Bucky pleaded, choked with tears, feeling like he was going to be sick as he clung to Steve’s hand. “I don’t want to do this, I don’t want to…I can’t do this…I can’t, please don’t make me…”
“You want me to…?” Steve asked, waiting for Bucky to nod before he reached out to select a card of his own, showing Bucky the five of diamonds. “You don’t have to…”
“Who would I talk to about that?” Steve asked, wondering if he should start with something like an apple rather than jumping right to an animal.
“Wait, not so fast, we need to get Steve and Bucky out of here first,” Tony frowned, standing up straight and walking over to the two sitting on the bed. Kneeling in front of them, he reached his hands up to take their hands. “I’m not going to let anything happen to either of you. No one outside of this room is going to know you’re alive. Sorry Steve, that includes your Mom.”
“God, you’re so negative sometimes,” Natasha sighed annoyingly, blowing a piece of her hair out of her face. “We’re here, Bucky, it doesn’t matter if it was fate or hard work, it’s happened. Now we have to figure out what to do next.”
“…could you make that Corvette a vintage Indian motorcycle?” Steve asked, the corner of his mouth tugging up a little in a nervous smile.
“You must be Steve Rogers,” Howard said as he stepped into Bucky’s room, a friendly smile on his face as he extended his hand.“Yes, sir, I…” Steve stood up in a hurry to shake the CEO’s hand, too shocked to wonder why he was there. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Stark.”
“I think you’re having some anxiety, baby. Do you want me to carry you to bed?” Steve offered, not sure if he should give him room to breathe or hug him tighter. “We can talk to Tony later, don’t even think about that right now. I want you to think about you, I want to know what you want and need.”
“What should be interesting is this lottery and party,” Pepper tapped on the page where she’d jotted down some ideas from both of them. “We don’t have time to gossip. Now how much room will the winner need? We’ll have to have rooms set up for them and…family too?”
“No to which?” Tony asked, making a face as he tried to mask his annoyance. He’d come up the Wizard’s tower thinking this was going to be easy if he insisted, but now he knew why Pepper had given him the job. The only foot he put down was keeping Strange from slamming the door on him again, and it was really starting to hurt.
“Of course,” Von Doom nodded, though he didn’t seem as amused by this as Stane was, until you looked him in the eye. There was a definite twinkle there.
“Yes, Sire,” Pepper shook her head, wondering who she was going to have to recruit to help her with all of this. She still had the spectacle Tony had ordered to deal with. “You could make my day a lot easier and talk to the Wizard yourself. He’s not going to like me asking him to perform magic tricks on a stage. Last time he said that was beneath him.”
If his life could be good for something, he was convinced that helping Bucky was the best thing he could possibly do.
“So…” Stane paused for a moment, not sure exactly how to put this. “So I can’t guarantee Tony wouldn’t be stupid enough to give up the crown for these two disgusting peasants. I can see him just throwing it aside for a normal life, leave a vacuum behind, and again, that would leave us fighting for it like everyone else.”
Bucky laid down on his back, pulling his knees against his chest and kicking out with both legs as hard as he could. He knew this roof had needed replacing back when he and Natasha moved in here, he hoped that was would work to their advantage. So when he felt his foot go through, he could have cried with relief.
“That’s most unexpected,” Stane said after taking a drink, watching as Tony finished off a whole glass only to pour himself more. “I thought you seemed in good spirits, why are you drinking so much?”
“Steve, I know you love Bucky and you blame yourself for what happened to him, but he’s a very angry man,” Sarah said softly, knowing that her words would hurt her son. “He’s changed since you knew him. I’ve talked to lots of people around town about him and they just avoid him now. Why would the King pick an angry man who pushes his people away?”
“What do you have now?” Tony raised an eyebrow, looking back over at the two men. “How many rooms do we need? How many people are you bringing?”
“That’s a bit of a lazy question, but I’ll allow it,” Bucky paused for a moment, purposely taking his time to drive Steve up the wall. “I…I would say yes, I think about it. A lot, sometimes. You were pretty good yourself.”
“How does he expect to rule both kingdoms if his is way in the North?” raising an eyebrow, Tony leaned back in his chair, cocking his head to the right a little.
“No, I like pineapple, I’ve only had it a couple times though, so I was wondering if that’s what it was,” Bucky said as he took another drink, holding the glass in both hands as he looked at Steve. “…so what’s it like living here by choice? It’s got to be different than this.”
“We have to leave now. I’ll explain in the car,” Tony said, stepping into the room, a gym bag in his hand, opening a safe and filling the bag with its contents. “We don’t have time to bring anything. Follow me! Go go go!”
“It doesn’t hurt, it doesn’t, it feels so good…” Bucky mumbled, both hands on Tony’s shoulders, being careful that his metal one didn’t grip him too tightly. Looking up, his eyes locked with Tony’s, silently pleading for him to not hold back, reassuring him that he could take it. “I want to make you so happy.”
“I think we should go up there,” Steve said finally after a few minutes of listening for any sounds from Bucky, though the silence was just as bad.
“What? Where’s Dawson City?” Steve asked, looking skeptical, not liking the sound of this plan so far.
“See you tomorrow, Bucky…” Steve said softly, not expecting to hear anything more from Bucky as Ms. Carr began to close the door.
“So…do you have big families?” Tony asked next, not entirely sure how to make conversation with these people. This was very different than in court.
“I…I have no idea…” Steve said, though he couldn’t help thinking he wished he could paint Bucky the way he remembered him. Smiling, laughing, the Bucky he’d loved. But it might be awkward if the first thing he did was a portrait of his rival. “I don’t know much about painting, I should probably start with something easy.”
“Steve, is that your bike? That is a nice bike,” Sam said as he looked over at Steve’s new motorcycle with a whistle, clearly impressed. “You’re enjoying your raise, aren’t you? How much did this set you back?”
“I know who tried to kill you,” Tony frowned, his voice grave and troubled sounding as he looked between the two of them. “I had to be sure, I had to tell him where you were to see if he would make a move. I’m so sorry, but you had Nick Fury guarding over you, so I thought you’d be safe in his hands. I’m sorry your friend wasn’t.”
“In sports, it’s like…okay, Stark Industries has a baseball team, they play other company teams for fun, I was actually second base for a couple of years, but I didn’t have time this year for it,” Steve said, wondering if giving Bucky information about himself would be encouragement for the teen to open up about himself more. “Anyway, if they hired a professional baseball player just so that person could play on the company team, that person would be a ringer. Kind of a way to cheat that’s technically not against the rules…wait, do you know what baseball is?”
“I’d…I’d like that…” Tony nodded, not quite knowing where to begin. “Steve was…Steve was so brave, but so gentle. I can see why he became a soldier, he wanted to protect people from the bad in the world. He wanted this to be a good place, and I want to make it one for him. He was one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever known, and that’s not talking about his looks. I mean inside, where it really counts.”
“I love you too,” Bucky sniffed, clutching Steve as close to his body as he could, not wanting to let go of him. “I didn’t want you to die for me, Steve. I didn’t want to lose you either, and I didn’t want to leave Tony alone. I was just…it was fucking scary.”
“Remember how you said to say green if something’s okay, yellow if I’m unsure, and red if I can’t do something?” Bucky said quietly, looking at his hands in his lap, trying to distract himself as much as he could from Tony’s driving. “Red. But I know I can’t stop. I know it’s going to get worse and I’m going to have to do it because it’s what’s best for me. So just…I beg you two, don’t fight or get angry at each other because you’re the only thing I have now that resembles peace, and I need to hang onto you both.”
“Yes, but they’re old and in disrepair, it’s mostly been the thatch roofing that kept us dry,” Bucky tried to think of where he’d seen the roof leak in the past, hoping he could find a weak spot that way. “I think there’s a spot over here.”
“No, not Pepper, she’s too intense,” Tony shook his head, eating some eggs and chewing slowly, watching his uncle’s expression as he drove the man insane.
“I can try to stop the marriage based on the fact that there’s no precedent for it, I can maybe delay the wedding,” Stane breathed out, trying to think of who he could get on his side to help with this. He didn’t see the older members of the royal council being entirely for this.
“He’s still got the chip in his neck, the perimeter of the mansion will keep him inside if Tony insists on having him live upstairs, but if he’d rather Bucky live downstairs, a room has been constructed for him,” Howard just smiled, looking like the cover of the company magazine as he masked his true feelings behind the Stark persona he seemed to slip into every time he tried to justify what he’d done to Bucky. “A lot of time, money, and effort have gone into making Bucky what he is, Mr. Rogers, wouldn’t it be silly to not insure that he stays where he needs to be?”
“I have something to tell you, and I need you to really listen to me, because this isn’t something small,” Howard said, clearing his throat as he thought about the careful speech he’d been planning for fourteen years, thought for the life of him, he couldn’t remember a word of it right now. “Tony, I have a solution to our heir issue.”
“I’m your best friend right now,” Fury didn’t lower his hand, but he did lower his voice. “Your friend was attacked and killed before we could do anything for him, I’m sorry. The fire’s been put out, you’re safe now, but I’m still taking you back to the castle.”
“See, they’re friends, Bucky’s just being shy,” Howard said with a laugh, glad that Steve had unknowingly made things better for him. “Steve stayed down here to keep Bucky company, but we’ll be giving him a bedroom upstairs.”
Steve opened his mouth to speak when there came a heavy knock on the door. Getting to his feet, he barely had time to put down his plate and brush the crumbs from himself when the woman he recognized as Pepper walked into the room along with an older gentleman carrying a wooden box.
“Joy,” Pepper said dryly, not looking up from the papers before her. “I appreciate it, Sire, I’m just very unsure of how I’m going to organize this so fast.”
“They told me you were coming with me to move,” Bucky sniffed, slowly relaxing in Steve’s arms, though he felt no less terrified of what lay ahead for him. “Father said when he walked in here that they were hoping you’d be a while, they’d even brought the box for me.”
“Who’s Tony Stark? I’m William MacKinnon, that’s Jude Turner in the backseat, and you’re Benjamin Chapman,” Tony said, watching the GPS, as their turn appeared on it, wondering what the roads ahead were going to be like.
Bucky just nodded, taking the bits off Tony and walking over to throw them in the fire unceremoniously. He felt like the emotional outburst had drained him along with the pain, and he just wanted to close his eyes and forget about the rest of the day. He didn’t want to disappoint the others, though, so he still felt obligated to having an ultrasound and finding out what they were having. They couldn’t just call them Luke and Leia.
He couldn’t begin to count the hours he’d spent in his workshop today alone, much less over the span of his thirty four years of life. This was his sanctuary, the only place he could feel like himself, where he felt he had some real purpose. He knew where every nut and bolt was, everything had a place in the disarray that everyone else saw. He didn’t care, this was perfect to him, this was his place.
“You were lucky to have had two such wonderful men win your lottery,” Pepper’s voice was sad as she set her pencil down against the page she’d just been writing on. “I was scared you were going to find someone awful and bring them here. I liked both Steve and Bucky though, they were polite, nice men.”
“No, no one’s seen him in months,” Von Doom grunted, pursing his lips. “I would say he’s our man if that wasn’t the case, though.”
“I wasn’t doubting that, but if you need to get out of here, we can go stay somewhere in town and have the floor fixed,” Steve offered, desperate to get that spot off the floor too. “Or if you need to sell this place…”
“Okay, I think we can fit her there, just let me…” Steve carefully adjusted Peter so he was closer to Bucky before putting Gwen next to him. “There we go, it’s a good thing they’re small.”
“Steve? Alright, I can do that,” Tony nodded, gesturing for one of his servants to get them each a glass of his private whiskey. “I suppose if I’m courting you two, we might as well be on a first name basis. You may call me Tony in private, but you should stick to ‘Sire’ in public. For now, anyway.”
“You are fucking stunning, don’t you ever think differently,” Tony replied as Bucky wrestled his shirt away, going for the button of his jeans next, his own hands busy dropping Bucky’s pants to the floor, leaving him in his boxers. He gave the younger man a moment to catch up, stepping out of his jeans as they hit the floor and kicking them aside, standing in his own shorts. “We don’t have to go farther than this if you don’t want to.”
“She’s just going to do it more because she knows you don’t want her to,” Bucky said, drinking an orange juice, his hand on his very round stomach. “Let’s just hope Benjamin is less contrary.”
They’d all been married for two months now, and life in their house in the woods had been nearly perfect. Bucky was doing well, his doctor set to arrive later that week, and their babies were flourishing inside him. He was, however, stuck on bed rest, which meant that all the work around the house was falling to Steve and Tony, who were only too happy to do it for him. It was a comfortable, quiet life, and even Tony had to admit that he was enjoying the break from being surrounded by technology and people. It was going to be hard to leave the Yukon when the time came, it really had become home for the three of them.
“Is this your drinking room?” Bucky asked, mentally kicking himself the second he said it. He was supposed to be dark and mysterious, not a nosy asshole.
“I think it’ll look good,” Natasha said in a way that also carried the message for Bucky to shut up and let the man do his job.
“What about your workshop? Surely your workshop must bring you some happiness still,” Stane asked, realizing he hadn’t seen Tony go down there in days. He wasn’t entirely pleased by this change in behavior, not when he was so close to getting what he wanted. He was going to be the richest man in the Iron Kingdom, and he was going to spend the rest of his days eating grapes and surrounded by his gold.
“Stop it, I’m not here to listen to that,” Fury waved at them to stop, wincing a bit as his single brown eye stared them down. “You two are going to stay right here, the door to the chapel is guarded by my men, they won’t let anyone down here. You don’t have to whisper, but don’t be shouting or anything just in case. And no funny business.”
“I already told Bucky we’d both fuck him later at the same time,” Steve grinned, reaching down to give Bucky’s ass a squeeze before putting his hand against the small of his back. “I mean, unless you had other plans in mind.”
“You might as well alert some people to carry their luggage that way, and you can lead King Von Doom there yourself,” Tony took a sip of his drink, just wanting to pour another one. He was obviously going to have to play the nice, welcoming King on top of his plan. It sounded exhausting.
“But we can do it!” Gwen protested as she climbed down with a pout, going down the slide and walking over to them to plead her case.
“He showed me his ticket, one hundred thirty, sire,” said the guard next to Bucky, holding the piece of paper out to Stane to examine.
“I can talk, if you want,” Clint offered with a shrug, looking between Natasha and Bucky. “I mean, I have nothing against you, buddy. I was hired for this job, and to kill the other fiancé. I don’t know his name. I’ll cooperate however you want.”
“Bucky, do you need me to move?” Steve asked, not sure if he was in the way or desperately needed at this point, but he knew he should ask.
“Surely you can’t mean that,” Stane laughed, a feeling like cold water being poured down his back radiating over him. “Tony, it helps control the criminal population, people enjoy going to executions, and it’s cheaper than housing a bunch of hoodlums.”
“Isn’t that interesting, I wouldn’t have thought goats would like music,” Tony shook his head, polishing off his whiskey, and getting the bottle again. “Do you want us to get you some goats? Or someone to accompany you on an instrument?”
“No, not really, I just stay at home most nights, or I go out with friends, but I’m usually back at a decent time,” Steve said, shaking his head a little. This question made a little more sense, but he quickly guessed that there was more to this job than she was going to tell him.
