“Our patrons come to hear classics, to shout requests. They’re not interested in original tunes,” said Mel Jackson with a dismissive tone that triggered an anger deep within him.
A rather adorable “humph” escaped Sherlock in return, his arms crossing into a tighter manner. “Look, it’s not about being
The worst part of Sherlock’s mind, the part that was always imagining the worst case scenario, had feared John would wake in a panic, frantic to leave Sherlock the moment he awoke and recalled what had happened. But, thankfully, he merely smiled up at Sherlock, the small muscle movement filling his heart with a bouancy that was new to him.
Being in the military was a proper nightmare due to the battles, trenches, and killings. But meeting Private Lestrade at a point in the war when Philip had never felt more isolated and hopeless? That was an entirely new sort of nightmare.
His voice cracked while the request escaped him, so terrified of the response before the words were even out. John had remained motionless, transfixed by his words until the request came out. He blinked furiously, lips pursing into a hard line as he broke eye contact with Sherlock.
John seemed to appreciate the motion, planting several sleepy kisses along Sherlock’s neck in response. Without reason, without warning, the burning of tears returned to his eyes. He allowed himself, now, after hours of staring, to close his eyes. He rested his chin on top of John’s head, the scent of him making Sherlock feel as though he was drunk on love.
“Greg,” he said warningly, “Sherlock is as welcome as you are. It’s about time someone stopped your shenanigans anyhow.”
It seemed an inadequate explanation yet he understood that there was no possible way of forcing Sherlock to talk if he did not want to. Silence, after all, was the greatest lie. The emptiness within him was so profound, it was all he could do raise himself from his seat. He walked away without glancing back, without asking further questions.
“We know,” interrupted Greg, smiling. “We know, mate. It’s not going to get any better than it is right now. Don’t worry.”
He was all darkness and angles, his eyes and the hollows of his cheeks shadowed with defined features and impossible cheekbones. Dark curls cascaded over his forehead, hanging long close to his shoulders but infinitely stylish. He was an ancient sort of beauty, though he was surely John’s age-perhaps a bit younger. He was almost difficult to understand, surreal with perfection.
“Excuse me,” said a voice so unexpected, John felt his body jerk in response, his heart skipping a beat. He found the source to be his waitress with her hands linked behind her back. Her head was tilted toward him, her mouth downturned and eyes wide and imploring. “I’m sorry, sir, it’s been thirty minutes. If you aren’t going to order, I must ask you to give up your seat to another couple- I mean-” her face flushed rapidly, her mouth becoming a thin line as she rushed to correct herself, “someone else.” The sentence was finished like someone who knew their words were pointless but needing to be said anyhow.
“I deduce that you’re full of shit,” John said, reveling in the way Sherlock’s lips twitched in response. “I played your game and I took those three shots and you’ve conveniently avoided playing along.”
Why his vindication in this belief was so strong could not be explained. It was akin to grabbing wind, this inscrutable certainty that something about this stout, blond man was as revolutionary as if the sun had begun revolving around the moon. He was something more than a retired Army Captain, more than an insomniac, more than a man suffering from an eating disorder, more than an isolated introvert. No, he was much more- somehow.
Philip looked at Greg with a hardened stare, chewing his tongue as he visibly fought off whatever resistance he could have conjured. John counted six impossible seconds before Philip nodded agreeance so minutely, it was a miracle that it was perceptible.
Could John not see this? Or did he know all this and was still choosing Mary over him? He said Mary was safe; how could he show him that the only constant in Sherlock’s life was the desire to keep John safe and happy?
“You’re welcome.” His voice wavered from desire- or was it emotion? It was too difficult to sort out in this series of events that left his head spinning. This sequence of moments that were already fading away into the past was too much to process.
“No idea,” Sherlock replied casually. He wore a smile upon his lips that was definitely the smile of someone who
“Alright, we've got it narrowed down to these two,” John sighed with resignation. He loved these movie nights but absolutely despised the selection process. “Miracle on 34th Street or Love Actually.”
Tobias whistled, his eyes downcast as he said dismissively, “You know, most 4-Fs wound up committing suicide.”
In a swift motion, he rose from his seat and took John in his arms. The man’s arms wrapped around him affectionately, his cheek nuzzling gently against Sherlock’s beating heart.
“Yes,” he said finally, slowly, uncertainly. He removed his finger from his book and set it down beside his leg. “I reckon I have noticed a certain… affliction of yours. Or suspected, at least.”
Sherlock thought for a long time and the only sound of the dark city was their feet upon the ground, perfectly in sync with one another. When he spoke, it was soft and melodious on the wind, words that would ingrain themselves into John’s mind for years to come: “I sincerely and genuinely had fun tonight.”
am the dancing queen,” murmured Sherlock before reluctantly grabbing Lestrade’s offered hand and lifting onto unsteady feet.
He’s a detective. Those three words threw everything else into place. He’d initially thought John was a client. Then, he’d known that he was a soldier from the Pacific theatre despite not knowing who he was. John had nearly forgotten that part in all the insanity of that day. He had been perplexed, wondering how on Earth he knew. “A detective, you say?” He took a drink while Sherlock nodded and he punctuated the realization with, “You’re right. Context clarifies.”
A young boy walked in with uncertainty in his every movement. His thick auburn hair was cut too close to his head with an uneven pattern and Sherlock knew instantly that the poor execution was a result of the cut being done by his mother- although it could have been a close aunt or perhaps a very good friend of his mother’s. His clothes hung like drapes on his thin frame with a too-big belt making the feeblest of attempts to hold up his trousers. This boy, this exceedingly pale and shabby boy, was new.
Alternatively, you can share this on whatever other platforms you wish. Just let me know somehow and we can chat. :)
to lie, yet he couldn't fight against it. He was seven years old when he learned about all the different sorts of lies: reconstructing, omission, disinformation, and the ilk. In this way, he learned that he could at least manoeuvre as close as possible to what the truth. If his mother cooked a warm, perfect meal and asked him how he liked it, he could instead say, “I prefer your potatoes,” and bring her slightly less sorrow. Although, in truth, she stopped asking him that question many moons ago.
Yet he knew it was an emotional pain he was experiencing. An emotional pain so severe, his body was reacting to it in an effort to release a bit of the tension building up within his mind. His heart was pumping quickly, feeling too heavy but breaking apart more and more with every beat. His limbs were no longer his own; rather, they were limp, surreal attachments that served no purpose other than to weigh him down enough for any movement to be impossible.
Victor’s hair, shaggy and wild, floated with the grass in the wind. His eyes were sparkling just as the water did, pupils small with daylight and irises consuming the territory. He stared wistfully around the meadow and Sherlock stared wistfully at him.
” were echoing in his own ears. The overpowering knowledge that John had just confessed the smallest portion of his regret to Sherlock felt freeing. He knew Sherlock understood. John had not been talking about Irene nor had Sherlock been thinking about her.
All this time, John had been searching desperately for one minuscule crack in the door that he could sneak through and this was it. Right behind this crack in the door was everything he could possibly dream of.
Because that’s what was sitting in the box: inside the snowglobe sat a smiling snowman who would accumulate further height from the falling snow, the sweater depicted a snowman with two plump portions of body, and the cookies were snowmen personally decorated to be wearing suits and each stick-arm was holding a black icing-umbrella.
“Right,” said John hastily, rushing over to Wiggins with paper in hand, jotting down the time and location of their first practice. In turn, Wiggins surprised him by relaying that he’d be using his own drums over whatever amenities might be available in their rehearsal space. Tucking “homeless man owns his own full drum set but can’t afford new pants” away in his “most surprising things” folder, the pair finished their conversation. When John turned around, Sherlock was standing some 20 metres away, his back turned to the pair of them.
He froze then, mind and body screeching to a complete stand-still. His brain was fried and terrified and disgusted and within it, only one familiar, indignant voice remained to scream the realization.
For a long time, John stood there, watching his figure diminish in size until he rounded a corner to 97th street and disappeared completely. He watched in wonder and he stared in amazement and he couldn’t pull himself out of this whirlwind that was sweeping his attention to remain wholly on Sherlock Holmes.
“You mean besides the fact that you’re a massive git?” The words were harsh, but there was a hint of a smile that fed his bravery.
It was the longest of shots, finding Philip at The Tobago after all this time, but John's mind was full of imagined reunions as he traversed the darkened streets of Cardiff toward the familiar club.
“I have,” Sherlock said with a mischievous grin, knowing now that he could share his blatant lies without fearing a misunderstanding. Still, he wondered who John had told and how he’d managed it. After all, “I’m incapable of telling the truth” and “I can only tell lies” were both impossible for them to say. Perhaps someone had guessed? Maybe he’d found a way to convince someone with only lies? It didn’t matter, he supposed. All that mattered now was John- here, now, and Sherlock, miraculously no longer alone in what had been a life-long suffering.
“So you came with me. The streets were quiet, the snowy nighttime providing the city with a surreal atmosphere.”
“Well that sure was something, wasn’t it?” Janine laughed. “What a beautiful display of music from the John Watson Band and Sherlock Holmes!”
And their energy fed off of one another, Greg nearly tackling Tobias after releasing Sherlock. Even Sholto was smiling wider than he’d ever seen, shaking John’s hand fervently before John caved and simply pulled the man into a trembling bear hug.
He’d thought that John was just like him, helpless against the prison of lying. He’d thought John’s silence was his method of coping- and it was. But what if his prison was not the same as Sherlock’s?
“- to practice the elements you learned in last week’s lecture. Pay special attention to shadows, as next week’s lighting will change so you may compare.”
He checked the paper against the numbers on the building and felt his heart skip a beat when he saw, finally, the appropriate numbers on a modest house framed with delicate flowers and an immaculate lawn. After half-jogging up to the door, he threw his knuckles across the finished wood thrice, pulse racing through him.
Without warning, Sherlock’s body jerked to the side, throwing John slightly off-balance. With mere beginnings of protest, Sherlock was rolling over beneath John’s legs to face him directly. Under any ordinary situation, John would have been pleased to be straddling the man and staring into those impossibly coloured eyes. Now, however, he noted the smear of blue and gold that trailed beneath him and felt indignation at the blasé disregard of John’s work of art.
His head snapped toward the sound of his name, his eyes tight with suspicion even as he caught the sight of John's face working toward him. It was a full two seconds of analysis before recognition washed over him and a smile was spread wide across his face.
Lestrade was still dabbing at his shirt where alcohol had dribbled onto it when he spoke again. “Come off it, you're never
“You got any plans for the night?” asked John with attempted indifference, though Sherlock heard the loaded undertones.
“That's my confession for your shot. I- I write songs. Compose, I should say. I don’t just… sit around writing poetry. I find it thrilling, putting mixed pieces together in a cohesive unit. It… is nice,” he finished, wincing as though it were the most humiliating thing he could have admitted.
So here he was: nearly twenty-eight, a virgin, fixating on his studies to cope with his memories and feelings, and nowhere nearer reconciling his sexuality with the expectations of the society around him. Instead, he was in deeper trouble than ever.
“Then what’s the problem?” asked Philip, the question asked with clipped words and an impatient furrowing of his brow.
But Sherlock was still frozen in his bizarrely formal stance, staring at John down his nose as though he were missing some blindly obvious fact that explained everything.
He rotated on the spot, keeping his face arranged in a cool dismissal. “Ah, John. Nice of you to finally join us.”
Something crude, selfish, and malevolent dropped deep within John. It twisted into a pang of profound guilt, a bitter resentment because of course-
The next room he ventured into was ten rooms down from the first. It brought him to the pool that Moriarty had just left. Of course, Sherlock knew Moriarty would re-enter the scene shortly. However, they had not known that at the time.
Sherlock’s mouth was full of cotton, his heart racing as he stared at the handwriting and stack of envelopes. What was going on?
Faced with painting the skin beneath him, John’s legs were spread onto either side of his hips, uncomfortably aware of the sculpted muscle beneath him. He hadn’t thought of what to paint and had rather assumed an idea would strike him when the moment came. Instead, he was fixated on the pattern of damaged skin and became consumed with emotion.
“No,” he drawled, a grin growing slowly, knowingly, entirely across his disbelieving face. “You said you don’t sing in
“Yeah, he’s probably not better than you anyway, John,” Greg said, interrupting John’s racing thoughts.
Understanding crashed over him with burning clarity. “Oh.” His brilliance could not be beheld by most people. Most people were affronted by this talent. “I think it’s fucking brilliant. Cheers.”
Sherlock returned in almost no time at all with both glasses close to the brim with a deliciously amber liquid.
“I’m sorry,” he uttered with unadulterated panic shaking his words. His eyebrows were touching on another, his arm steadying him against the brick wall next to the door. “Did you just- Did you say ‘he?’”
They’d arrived at ten in the morning, an ample two hours earlier than they’d been instructed to arrive for preparations. Still, John had been disheartened to learn that their band was slotted dead-last to perform. It was a terrible fear come to fruition. He’d fought for a time with the assistant responsible for telling him of their late slot, but there was no luck to be had in arguing the placement. After all, you can't shoot the messenger.
John’s first day in his new civilian job coincided with the winter’s first frost. The cold bit at his neck and the tips of his fingers, but the break room where he was expected to enjoy his lunch was suffocating with its drab, medical environment. He’d grumbled something about needing fresh air and sought refuge in a quaint shop lit up with delicate, blinking Christmas lights.
Philip was already there, his face morphed with the shifting shadows from wandering lights around them. John hadn’t any idea where they were going but followed Philip’s lead through the thicket of unconcerned patrons. They made a beeline to a bar that stood on the left side of the massive lobby and Philip’s hair was flopping back and forth from the motion of scanning the individuals around him along the way.
Several words were fighting to escape him all at once and he couldn’t even begin to decide which one should win. He wanted to say “Fine” or “No” or “Yes” or “Thank you” or “You’re a fucking idiot.”
“You said ‘if only he knew.’” Sherlock was staring at him curiously and John was burning under the intensity of those eyes.
“I think we should put White Christmas back in the mix,” grumbled Sherlock from over his shoulder. The breath of his words was warm on John's neck and his eyelids fluttered from the ecstasy of it.
“Care to join me for a glass, Sholto?” he offered, sensing perhaps he wasn’t the only one needing it right about now. He might not be able to read a person’s entire life story like Sherlock, but he was intuitive enough to recognize that Sholto was going through a bit of something.
“It’ll be Sherlock singing, yeah?” Greg asked, tossing a fresh apple in the air and catching it smoothly. “No offence, mate, but you really don’t have the range for this.”
“You killed Victor.” Sherlock said it with such finality that it enacted his tears, finally streaming freely as the truth hit him in full at last. Sherlock’s hand went to his mouth, his gaze finally moving from John to an unfixed point, as though the escape from this lay somewhere visible in the room.
A genuine smile overtook his face, his eyes warm and full of affection as they looked back at Sherlock. “Don’t mention it. Thank you for coming out with me.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said with sudden resolve, taking a shot glass in each hand and drinking them simultaneously. His face twisted as it went down, his mouth downturned in distaste even when he slammed the glasses back onto the table. “If you do a shot, I do a shot.”
“She’s… showing off?” ventured John, trying desperately to imitate the train of thought that Sherlock’s mind climbed aboard to make these deduction. “She’s dressed up, in a group of only women?”
Tobias, while irritated with every pause they had to take to correct something, was unendingly perfect. His trumpet was hot, blowing tunes that outshone the sounds around him. His massive form lent his trumpet the appearance of a toy thing, but he behaved as though it was an extension of his hand.
“Sherlock- wait,” he called, his voice shaking with emotion. Whether it was terror of what he was about to do or horror at the prospect of losing him, he wasn’t sure.
When Sherlock caught the lingering eye of John on Christmas Eve, he inquired exactly what he found so intriguing.
“Oi, what’s this sod doing here?” came a lilting voice to his rescue, a peculiar feeling of warmth filling him at the sensation of hearing a familiar voice. A voice to him- about him, even.
John scoffed, a playful roll of his eyes directed at Sherlock. “Don't be absurd, it still needs a top.”
“No!” John rushed to oppose his deduction. “I like it, Sherlock. I do. I'm just confused. Why are there-” he trailed off once more, groping for words that were escaping him. “Why did you do this?”
The music had an abrupt sour taste as John’s mind went wild imagining how awful people were to this man because he was simply more brilliant than them.
The echoing sound of excited footsteps pacing quickly toward him spread a welcome warmth through his heart.
He should have known bringing Sherlock to the shopping centre to shop for gifts was a mistake. He had grown resentful that the gift tag was always signed from the both of them even though John was the only one who really did all the shopping. He’d dragged Sherlock from the flat whilst adamantly ignoring his protests and then- for some reason- got angry when he was being absolutely no help.
of my fav-” but the words caused him such pain, he had to stop. It was, apparently, too close to the truth.
“Absolutely no reason, mate.” He drank more of his own scotch and shot a subtle glance toward Sherlock's drink once more.
To took some time for him to snap himself out of it. When the cold caught up with him, he shook his head and turned to go home.
Hooray! World building! Hold on for dear life, folks. A slew of characters and literary devices will be introduced within the next couple chapters. I promise Sherlock is coming, fear not. (Also, in case you're worried, I promise this is
Sherlock stood upright quite suddenly, his jaw set in determination as he put the socks in their basket of goodies. Without another word, he strode toward a child’s section that John quite suspected would be the source of Anderson’s gift. He was pleased to be behind Sherlock because he smiled for a bit too long at the fuzzy socks sitting innocently on top of expensive cologne and a top-shelf umbrella.
John was a blur out the door. The sound of the door closing behind him was absolutely the loudest sound to have ever reverberated through this or any universe. The echo of it rang through Sherlock’s heart and mind for hours as he sat motionless in that bed.
He took in a sharp breath, the air centralizing his mind to the reality of their situation. “Just go sit on the couch!” He ordered, desperately needing Sherlock to take several steps away from him. “I'll pick which one we watch.”
Sherlock thought long and hard about this question. The truth was that his mind worked so fast, he couldn’t always explain
Every time a new band was introduced, one of them would travel toward the stage to scope out the competition for just a minute or two before returning with their opinion.
It has been said that with age comes patience. Others have said that with age comes great wisdom. John Watson, however, was able to refute both of those claims with confident certainty. For there were many words that you could use to describe John Watson: brave, for one, and defiant for another. And although he was, indeed, ageing, he could not be described as patient nor wise.
With this, he felt burning and discomfort, but the words, their important truth diminished, successfully escaped freely into the world.
Spinning his head abruptly to the man, he threw his mind into overdrive to make deductions. 21 years old (third year at uni), poor time management skills (clearly he had been late to class), very confident in himself, taking this class as an elective, and-
John crossed the room, bent over one of the many boxes scattered around the room, and extracted a metal star with a long cord coming from one end.
The words were unexpected, but his response was as emotionless as the machine within him could manage: “Don’t be.”
somebody to stab you and they actually did it?” He was quickly realizing he wouldn't be able to properly fix this wound with the shirt fabric in the way.
He moved a white pawn to E4, allowed only one brief glance to the pretty women whose eyes still hadn’t risen from her screen, and walked briskly back to work.
“Pleasure,” Sherlock said to Tobias, extending his hand in a handshake. “Would any of you object if I stole John away for a drink? I have business to discuss with him.”
Context: this begins mere moments after Sherlock and John leave the "Rache" crime scene at the beginning of ASiP.
“Congratulations again,” offered the kinder looking of the two men. His hair was as black as night with a single streak of grey that exposed either his age or else a genetic ordeal if some sort. His dark eyes sparkled with sincerity as he continued, “I’m Alex Peters and this,” he said, gesturing to his companion, “is Nicholas Maher.”
(John and I have one thing in common: we're not great at chess. I know the rules and I win occasionally, but there is a chance there is some technical error with my writing here. If there is, I beg forgiveness.)
His mind fought tooth-and-nail to prevent the violent onslaught of blame barreling blindly towards the man. The duality of his emotions were ripping him apart into unrecognizable pieces. He hated Sherlock for breaking his vow, but he hated that he put the weight of that blame on the man. The two undeclared affairs he’d pursued while with her were guilt in his stomach, his unspoken resentment toward her was a hated lump in his throat. Yet she had been his wife.
He could taste his own tears upon Sherlock’s now, though perhaps he was tasting Sherlock’s. He was aware of a tremor that passed through him and wondered distantly if it was a tremor of pleasure or if he was perhaps crying. John was, he knew it. This moment was so perfect, tears fell slowly out of his closed eyes as Sherlock enveloped every part of him.
I'm excited to announce that we're doing things a bit differently this week. More information in the end notes. For now, please reference
Their eyes scanned one another, confident in their knowledge that this was it. Their lives had been torn apart, each of them broken in every imaginable way. Now, together, was the beginning of the rest of their lives. They would rebuild the shambles of it all as an unbreakable unit. Their love would work, slowly, to pick up the disaster that lay around them.
“Mmm,” he replied, noting mentally how long it had until gravity won and the thing toppled off the tree altogether.
Enjoy this AU!first meeting ficlet since my readers seem to enjoy them.It's a long one to go out with a bang.
The four shots were racing through his veins now, his focus shifting without his will and his fingers tingling with acknowledgement of his state. He was certain his inebriation was plastered on his face for Sherlock to read as he pleased. Sherlock, on the other hand, appeared merely flushed, eyes perhaps tighter than before.
The question caught Sherlock completely by surprise and he couldn’t immediately answer. He thought about situations that were supposed to make people hate other people. He thought about the worst things Victor could do or say to him. Yet not one single thing stirred anything other than sadness within him and he knew the answer with absolute certainty. “No. There is nothing you can say to me that would
He ran through it again: Her husband had an alibi. Unbreakable. Her parents were too foolish to have pulled off a sticker, nevertheless a murder. Her friends, too, were all innocent. Not one person close to her had seen anything peculiar in company nor behaviour. Yet it only seemed possible that she had known them. She’d died without a struggle, been peacefully strangled, neatly suffocated. Why would she not try to live? No history of mental illness, no major life disruptions that could have caused a depressive episode, and many people in her life worth staying alive for. No suspicious withdrawals from her bank that would hint at a paid job.
“But I never reached acceptance, Sherlock. In many ways, I’ve never accepted that you couldn’t be mine. When we met, when I believed you dead, when I was married, and even now- I have never- nor will I ever- accept that I am meant to live this life without you.”
Sherlock’s hypothesis was proven to be amply true within the first 24 hours of meeting John Watson. If he hadn’t believed it completely when their initial connection was evidently profound, he was made positively certain when John proclaimed loudly, on multiple occasions, that Sherlock was brilliant.
He clicked a wink at the lot of them and clapped Philip on the back before sauntering off to the lobby.
how that man was, didn’t he? “You can’t be serious?” An uncertain chuckle shook his voice, but the attempted casualty was clearly a mistake.
“You don’t have to do this, you know.” Sherlock’s voice was so small, so loaded with a vulnerability John hadn’t known he was capable of.
It was all… so planned. This final goodbye, this period on a sentence he hadn't known had been written yet. He wrote this letter. He asked John to deliver it. Why would Victor write this? Why would he
“I’m insulted you even need to ask,” John said, amazed how rapidly he was beginning to feel the small tug of a smile.
The note was heavy in John’s pocket, dragging him down through hell with its weight. A thunder clapped with an unreliable beat in John's chest. The ordinary door before him seemed an overwhelming obstacle to approach. Behind this door was every hardship imaginable.
If anybody in the world shared his unique experience, it was this man. He had never once thought it would be possible, but lightning does- sometimes, somehow, miraculously- strike twice.
Sigh. Okay, I swore this ficlet collection would be all fluff and yet here we are again: at the corner of Angst Avenue and Crying Boulevard.
He imagined he could see the flashes of confusion, defiance, and reluctant agreement behind John’s unmoving gaze. This is the way it would always be with him, he knew in the warmest corner of his soul. There would be John, existing in pained silence and there would be Sherlock, noticing every invisible change in John that no one else could.
John was so close to losing it. His teeth were clashing against each other repeatedly with violent resolve after hours in this hellscape. The snow was past his knees, his shoes were soaked through with frozen moisture, and he was certain he could make it look like an accident if he killed Sherlock.
“What’s your name?” the boy asked cheerfully as the first student shuffled grumpily back into the small classroom.
While every room in this wing was invaluable, he sought only one specific hallway at the moment. This particular hallway held roughly one hundred memories of John, each representing a critical moment in their relationship.
“Quite. You can’t take ten shots by yourself,” he said with the tone of someone who knew his words were fact. “Alcohol poisoning, Watson.”
Detective? How could that be possible? He looked much too young. John stared at the hand, certain his bewilderment must be painted all over his face. “John,” he said with the inflexion of a question. Now, facing him again, John’s anger lost its sharpness. It held less bite, softened by the stunningly elegant air of this madman who he couldn’t even begin to understand. He took his hand and felt a shock of excitement run up the length of his arm.
The sounds pierced through his attempted escape into his mind palace. He could hear reality, though he loathed it. John was leaving. He knew it from the pacing in the room beside his. He heard it in the opening and closing of drawers, the frequent zipping of a bag, the rummaging through bedside drawers. He read John’s anxiety, as clearly as he read his certainty: John was leaving because of him and there was nothing he could do. He would, instead, remain here and imagine, for the rest of his days, what more could have been.
Something infinitesimally small changed in those luminous eyes, but John knew that small change was the crack in their relationship that would never seal. He knew that change was the only thing that would ever matter again. He knew that change was Sherlock seeing him for who he truly was and deciding that he hated him.
He gestured to a woman decorated from head to toe in decadent apparel. Brilliant pearls shone on her chest and wrists, her heels perfectly pointed, her dress a royal blue to compliment her chocolate brown hair.
He genuinely needed to cover his mouth to hide the smile that broke out on his face when Sherlock said the word “penguin.” It came out strange, as though he’d never been taught how to properly say it. Perhaps he thought he’d gotten away with it. He’d let it slide, but it was so endearing that John needed to look away to get his thoughts together.
He didn't want to insult this person who spent money to get here and dressed up nicely only to get injured and have to miss the whole thing. But the longer it went on, the more the din dug under his skin.
When he ordered his black coffee, he was feeling generous (too generous, in hindsight) and told the cashier to keep the change from his ten. John was nearly about to reprimand himself when he justified the decision with a reminder that he could afford to do it now that he’d secured a steady job.
that isn't a lot, but I only have one other work with that many. So I have a proposition for you all:
“Right,” Sherlock said when John’s anger simmered in silence for too long. His long legs carried him away and the sound of his retreating feet trotting down multiple steps awakened John’s voice.
“Sure,” he agreed with forced glee although his mind was racing to recall the classic jazz standard.
So Lestrade changed the subject to one that Sherlock couldn’t pay attention to. Try as he might, Lestrade’s words were floating around his mind with none of them registering. He politely threw “Mhm”s and “Mm-mm”s whenever Lestrade stopped for breath. Because of his focus on maintaining eye contact, the man seemed to have no idea that Sherlock was not processing or understanding a single word he spoke.
The edges of the world were blurred, panic mixing with anger inside him to cause an eruption of the worst of him. It was the fog of war all over again and, like clockwork, he heard
It’s Christmas Eve, he’s the only one laughing, and this daydream is churning into a nightmare. The party is over in an instant, shuffling feet walking out the door to a colder, more welcoming night with half-hearted wishes of good cheer. Sherlock Holmes is nowhere to be seen and John Watson couldn’t possibly be a bigger arse.
“John,” he said confidently in the comfort of their sitting room. They were in their chairs and everything was just as it should be.
But he was standing and gathering a glass into each of his hands before John could answer. “Refill?” he murmured, walking away before John could offer an answer to his question or a response to his confession.
Then, inevitably, John would retire to bed with murmured adieus that left Sherlock simultaneously elated in the remaining effects of his presence and empty from his departure.
“No, Mary,” he said, willing his temper to die. “None of it can ever go back to how it was before.” Her smile dropped, her body leaning from him ever so slightly and he panicked, needing to do this right for Sherlock. “But enough about me,” he said, false cheer oozing from him. “Tell me about you! How are you? What have you been doing?”
Please forgive errors in typing/grammar here, I wrote/edited on my phone and wanted to post before I lost my nerve.
realize how handsome he was. He was the picture of beauty with soft waving locks, enormous sparkling eyes that were always wide with inquisitive curiosity, and his impossibly long legs were accented pleasently by his smart fashion and high-waisted tousers.
He was drawn to it as though there was a magnetic pull. On the opposite side of the shop from the door and behind where John had been sitting was another, shorter table. Upon this table sat an ancient, beautiful chess set. There was a sign attached to the wall above it that read:
His hand started moving into the paint and onto his friend’s back before he was consciously aware of his decision.
No, but seriously: I have the greatest readers that exist on this planet. Thank you all SO much for your support and kindness. I deeply appreciate every single one of you more than you can ever know. <3
A smile spread slowly across the perfect, swollen mouth and his head raised enough to make eye contact with John, still on his knees before him.
A sob escaped his throat, the memory of what he did overwhelming him. It was a horror of indescribable magnitude. He was incapable of comprehending its cruelty. It was suddenly apparent to him that his face was damp with tears, though he couldn’t know when they began.
His breath hitched in his throat. It was with a jolt that his deductions were thrown off because suddenly, the man was looking at him. Not just toward him, but directly into his eyes with an intense curiosity.  He was locked in place, his mind reeling from an invisible hold that he seemed to have over Sherlock. It was the strangest thing he’d ever experienced: this abrupt, wild, intense surge of kinship.
“Oh, God no,” Sherlock practically choked out. “I don’t sing in public. No, no performing. No, he was client.”
With a clang, Lestrade’s empty glass met the table. “Alright, time to refill. Next round’s on me, want anything?”
His fingers found the seam of the paper, careful not to rip into it like an imbecile. When the paper, clean and undamaged, fell off, it revealed another box. He despised the sentiment of this; wrapping a box that already hid contents was moronic.
“I cannot understand how foot temperature is enough a problem to warrant pointlessly thick, impractical socks being sold at such a popular store.”
He moved his attention to James Sholto and read what he needed off of the man. Still, for an excuse to stare, he prompted, “Why are you here so early?”
I'm simply saying that if the coupons don't prompt a discussion, I could forge a different sort that would. John wouldn't know it's fake and Sherlock would be surprised into telling the truth. I have my ways of spectating on those closest to me to see such a course of action is necessary or now.
It was Mycroft’s turn to go rigid, and the involuntary action would not be lost on his brother. “I haven’t the slightest idea-”
“You know, you don’t need to feel bad that your mom has you re-use your older brother’s clothes,” Sherlock said timidly to the new boy, thoughts of his vow of silence long-forgotten. His head snapped up in surprise, eyes as wide as coins as he looked at Sherlock quizzically. “You also don’t need to feel bad that you’re not as big as your brother was at the same age.”
Seeing a sudden moisture in his eyes was all it took to provide John with enough courage. Lifting himself up a bit, he raised his tear-soaked face to Sherlock’s own and brought his lips up to the tense cupid’s bow that entranced him until they were separated by only the distance of a hair. He didn’t move, didn’t force the connection. He waited only a moment to see if Sherlock would oblige and then-
Turning on his heels, he strode off through the mud-laden riverside and thought of nothing but the case. Gears still racing through possibilities, he walked mindlessly to the Amberley Castle, a four-star hotel northeast of himself with stunning views and luxury rooms laden with oversized tubs, 1,000 thread count Egyptian cotton bedding, and a rustic medieval exterior. His brother was sponsoring his trip, after all. He’d stayed there the previous nights, positive each time that it would be his last in this place.
I shan't spoil it. Tune in next chapter to find out when our boys perform the regional round of the contest.
“How about a vote, then?” proposed John from behind his piano. “All in favour of Sherlock joining our gig this Friday?”
“I’d say that you have, in fact, gotten the wrong idea.” He said it with an unconvincing bite, his eyes wide as they searched John’s for sincerity.
“Okay,” declared John, sitting upright and and slamming his hand on the table with stinging force. “Choose a person- any person!”
Context: I've been thinking a lot about the end of TST when Sherlock is speaking with Ella in that weird room; about how the room looks like an attic, about how the encounter is never explained, and about how it probably wasn't the first time Sherlock saw her.
Shout out to SoSoHolmesWatson for being wonderfully supportive and for also correctly guessing that my continued use of "97" was, indeed, a countdown to the big reveal. I'm sorry if everyone was expecting something more dramatic, but there it is.
“Doctor John Watson. You served time in Afghanistan- could have been Iraq, but we’re playing with the balance of probability here. Specifically, you were an army doctor- an army surgeon. You spent several years serving before being medically discharged for a gunshot wound to your shoulder. During your time in the military, you had an experience- possibly a feeling but more likely physical- with another man that helped you come to terms with your sexuality. You’ve long repressed that side of you though, which is how you find yourself a man in his late thirties trying to find out how he fits into his sexuality. You live alone, haven’t shaved in two days, haven’t slept well in months, and you pretend to want a peaceful life but yearn for action.”
2. Sherlock’s established set of values will not align with his fierce (albeit sudden) desire to protect John Watson at all costs.
“Any reaction you’re privy to would be great, actually.” The anger was burning in his veins, the audacity of this reaction toward his confessions. Sherlock knew- he
Sherlock looked back then, a glint of unfamiliar thought in his eyes and, miraculously, slowed down to allow John to keep up more easily. Equal parts embarrassed and thankful, he forced down the slew of words and questions that were fighting to escape.
In fact, he had pried this board up himself mere days after entering into domestic bliss with John Watson.
“Absolutely.” The guarantee escaped before he intended to agree. It escaped before he would reason himself out of it.
If she noticed that he remained still, she gave no indication of it. She moved further forward in her seat, her arms wrapping around him to-
The next chapter is Sherlock's experience during the same time frame and is completely written but requires heavy editing. Gimme a few days and it'll be up. :)
“You like that?” John whispered into his neck as he allowed himself to take his turn exploring the taste of the detective’s skin.
For a long while, John simply stared at the innocent contact between them. He stared and stared until every bit of the scene was ingrained in his mind. He never wanted to forget how wonderful this felt, how beautiful Sherlock looked, or how Sherlock's hair smelled.
Sherlock longed to be the man John thought he was. He attempted compassion and emotional vulnerability even when he could not recall how it all worked. The muscles were stiff from a long history of neglect.
The words rang in the thin air around them, his heart threatening to beat right out of his chest. When Sherlock turned around, one hand still on the knob, his heart halted completely and began flipping in his seemingly-hallow chest.
Sherlock scoffed, rolling his eyes not out of sincerity, but to add to his dramatic reaction. “Who’d want
The portion of him that fought brutally against closer connections was growling inside him. Sherlock turned on his heels, aware of Lestrade’s silence as he paced toward the door. One hand on the handle, he stopped.
John stared at him, timid realization filling his eyes slowly. Terror at potential misunderstanding was evident, and Sherlock was not surprised in the slightest when John response was an uncomfortable cough followed by, “What… do you mean, exactly?”
“What would you say,” said John tentatively, his feet traversing into waters of unknown depth, “if I told you that
“Well the case had gone a bit off track, hadn’t it?” Sherlock huffed, rolling his eyes as though he were in the right. “The plan was flirt to get information, John. The plan was not to seduce her and take her home. You were compromising any promise of that lead.”
John studied him with unsure eyes for what felt to be a small eternity. Whole stars could have been born and crumbled within the time that Sherlock sat, breath bated, for a response he was certain would never come.
And Wiggins? He was wonderful. His beats were the heart of the music and he was performing at a calibre John had rarely seen in his life. John had been prepared to defend Wiggins against verbal lashings from the other men- likely from Tobias who was impatient and had no tolerance for nonsense or from Greg who was nothing but nonsense. Yet it appeared that he was the only one who was cruel enough to judge him. When John provided him with occasional direction, he would salute with his drumsticks and say “Aye aye, Cap!” with a lazy wink of his eye. Yet the necessity for it was so little since his rhythm and technique were nearly perfect.
Here's the drill: one short chapter every day this week. Each will be from a perspective besides John or Sherlock. Day one was, of course, Al Hodges, owner of The Cresent. This is the only chapter with the POV of an OC.
Tears pricked at the back of his eyes, the burning pain foreign but unmistakable. He would be damned if he let John walk out of here like this night meant nothing.
As the contest crept closer and they had only two more sessions to achieve perfection, Sholto was particularly on edge. His personal distemperment tipped Tobias past the edge of his always precautious temper who then took it out on Greg. The result was a nearly unbearable bout of bickering between the two. It was a domino effect across the band and John was certain he would descend into madness if it continued even one minute longer.
“It was holly!” roared John with complete and utter bewilderment at just how stupid Sherlock thought he was. “Even
It was floating on water, the nose exclusively remaining above the water while his body went numb under currents. It was rolling over a raging fire to put it out, so close to losing a fight with a flame while attempting to prevent it. It was standing in molasses, sinking in the mass until it cemented his lungs with what it called sweetness.
There were no footprints, no abnormally bent shrubbery, no recently-moved dirt, no clothing or hair left behind, nothing. There was nothing here. For all intents and purposes, the killer seemed to have come from above to tranquilly kill her before disappearing again.
He opened his eyes, flinching away from of the water still dripping down from his hairline and brow and saw Sherlock’s tall frame scrambling around them apologetically. Clumsy hands patted at his face, the sharp motions doing more harm than good. Mary was worse for wear, her face still twisted in outraged shock.
“Oh absolutely. Life was rough before him… No offense but the rest of you were just awful. But life is… good now.” Sherlock’s heart beat harder, the image of John floating in his mind.
But then the figure clumsily extracted art materials and Sherlock thought that maybe he was just insecure with the sight of a naked man. His murderer didn’t necessarily have to be the dishevelled one.
“As I live and breath,” she said, shamelessly abandoning her flirting adventures with the other nondescript man who turned away dismayed. Poor bloke. Instead, her whole body was directed toward John, a bright and wide smile threatening to blind him. “I can’t believe you’re here. It’s been ages.”
“Sherlock,” he repeated, his world teetering dangerously beneath him. His smile was gone, now. “What is on your back?”
John considered the date, mentally scrapping for a rough estimate of how long he’d been back home. “Just a couple weeks.”
oof. This chapter is just pure angst but I brought up the letter so I must reveal what was in the letter. I mean, telling the audience about the existence of a letter and then not telling the audience what's IN the letter would just be lazy writing.
He was waving enthusiastically at Philip while his eyes slipped only momentarily to John. John was instantly taken aback by the appearance of the man. With peppered hair, a lean figure, and eyes that truly shone from within, he was more handsome than John could have possibly expected. His beauty was traditional, timeless, and complemented by a brown suit that hugged him in all the right ways. In one hand was a glass of amber liquid that danced around the cup with slight, unconscious motions. The other was gesturing the pair over and John’s feet travelled too happily over to the man.
“John,” he said after closing his eyes tightly to sort it out in his mind. “Ask me- ask me if I’m a consulting detective.”
Warmth grew between their bodies, his heart beating rapidly in response. The angle of Sherlock's cheekbone against his head was a welcome sensation through the emotional pain that had plagued him for so many years.
The clash of the bedroom door closing behind him was a bullet in his heart. The impact was ineffable, inescapable, and immediate. Every molecule of his being was grieving the loss of a man it had already mourned for too long. The bones in his body ached with longing, his heart was weighing him down with a regret that cemented the blood in his veins, and his mind was destroyed by the contrition that sought to overwhelm every corner of him.
John’s head fell into his left hand, raised to wrap around his temples and covering his eyes completely. Until distinctly cold moisture fell against Sherlock’s cheek, he wasn’t aware of the tears that had begun to overflow in his own eyes.
When no such figure was found, John looked to Sherlock once more, his face exposing every emotion within him: fear, scepticism, surprise. They flitted across his face like dancers across a stage.
Sherlock spoke into the sandy blond hair, his words muffled by his need to nestle himself into John’s head. “I’ve been considering all the times I was foolish enough to stay silent rather than confess my undying love to you.”
The man’s lips moved to kiss the corner of his mouth, traveling along his jaw, and down his neck. John’s veins were singing with joy, blood rushing to his face and pelvis in uncontrolled pleasure.
“I-” said Sherlock pathetically, eyes scanning the confused faces of the men around him. “I don’t know. I-”
“I can certainly guarantee that it is not only women who will fawn over your appearance in that sweater.” The words were out, his heart wringing out every last drop courage it held.
John was alone this time, faced with recruiting this trombone player alone. Philip had returned to focusing on his law studies while Greg asserted that the bar needed his return. Tobias made no offer to accompany John on his recruitment but rather announced that he’d notify the trombone player and then send John a telegraph with information on where to meet him.
“Alright, alright,” called John to refocus them.  “5, 6, 7, 8,” he counted before they all fell into a haze of jazz and performance and for seventeen more glorious minutes, there were no horrors to recall.
For he knew beyond doubt that any love held by John- any love confessed in this letter Sherlock was holding in his frail hands- was long departed. The confession would crush Sherlock, he knew it would.
Sherlock managed to stay put for one minute and 37 seconds before standing up to check the mirror, telling himself he only cared because Mrs. Hudson cared.
In the moment of insight, John felt a surge of a long-dormant bravery, his will requiring less convincing than usual to persist through barriers that attempted to prevent him from continuing forward.
“Well it’s up to you, innit?” Alex said with a laugh. “You have to be there no later than 8 in the morning on March 22nd but most bands are planning on arriving a couple of days earlier. You know- to see the city.”
Upon entering his own bedroom, impossibly stale air entered his lungs. There was a thick layer of dust along the window sill, the higher bookshelves, and headboard. Unlike the living room and kitchen, however, this room bore a couple unmistakable signs of tampering.
John said nothing but immediately refocused on the stitches and willed silence once more. This time, he was able to finish the job and stopped to inspect his work to ensure every precision and ensure that every step was taken to avoid scarring.
“Lestrade, there is something very important you need to know,” said Sherlock in a solemn tone. He leaned forward, the lapel of his jacket absorbing liquid previously spilled on the table. “I have never been serious a day in my life.”
Her eyes grew wide, her mouth open and she was clearly equal parts confused and alarmed by the aggressive reaction to have seized him. He watched as she visibly scanned him for hints of the situation, her mouth moving with silent words as she scrambled for the proper response.
John gasped, his voice having reached a pained shout that ripping him directly down the middle. He felt that one whistle of wind would disintegrate him altogether and he only just managed to ask, eyes lifted to the other men at last: “I think we’re entitled to travel first class.” Silence. “Don’t you?”
The band finished exactly one beat after their vocalizations finished, the sudden silence surrounding Sherlock into eternity as his mind processed what just happened.
His eyes were wide in surprise, his lids falling in several heavy blinks as he took in the sight of a diminutive box sitting within the now-exposed small expanse of wood. The box, pastel purple and sealed with a crude makeshift bow sat innocently before him.
The warm scent of roasted espresso wafted to his nose, a suppressed shiver threatening to wash over him. The scent was heavenly, the promise of caffeine mingled with notes of earthy chocolate.
They sat in silence, their bitter, lonely thoughts circling them until the jazz warped to something demented in the shadow of their sorrow.
Before he could reach Victor, Mycroft threw out an arm to halt his progress. He’d expected him to stop, perhaps to be surprised that he was being stopped from seeing his friend. To his own astonishment, however, the man simply continued to push against Mycroft’s protective arm as though it were nothing at all.
I promise promise promise Mary's part in this fic will be short-lived and minor. She isn't even going to resemble any aspect of BBC Mary. Just using the name, essentially. (I almost just made the woman an OC but why not lean into the names available in canon?)
I will likely end up re-writing this one. The concept of this was much better in my mind, I was trying a different writing style from what I usually use, and I am delusional with exhaustion. However, I am out of time to fix it so I hope at least some of you enjoyed this ficlet.
Lestrade pursed his lips to avoid a smirk and chewed his cheek as he seemed to contemplate Sherlock’s words. It seemed ages before, finally, he threw his hands up defeat. Clearly, he decided not to push Sherlock into talking.
2. Take requests for one of the fic's prompts. (You want fluff? You got it! Cuddling? Sure thing! "For A Case" Relationship? Sure! Just tell me and I'll do one.)
“So you would rather he live out his days angry with me, instead. To have him think I sat idly by while you were shipped off into battle.”
“I am scared,” confessed Sherlock in little more than a whisper, “to give in now and discover tomorrow, next week, next year, or twenty years from now that this is fake. I am scared you will leave me, chose another, or get bored and I will have live knowing that I’ve lost you twice.”
Then, in a moment, a woman. Yet not a young, vivacious woman as he’d expected, but an elderly woman with short, curly hair, a pointed face, and kind eyes.
Philip Anderson was a friend of his from back in his school days who had enlisted around the same time as John following uni. Both incredibly skilled musician, the pair had performed together on more than one occasion down at The Tobago. The two men were at near constant odds with one another, but a kinship blossomed despite the unlikely odds.
Victor whispering the words to him. When he could deduce that Victor had taken a break from writing the letter, he paused to imagine what caused the distraction. He noted the two-no three- tone shifts that could mark Victor’s temporary journeys away from the letter.
When Sholto came to inform him that there were five minutes until curtain, John removed his hand and allowed the curtain to close, his mind refocusing on the task at hand.
But something stopped his train of thought in the sort of way that only one thing could: new information.
Throwing elbows when necessary, John wriggled through drunk imbeciles and the suspiciously quiet wallflowers in his haste. “Philip!” he shouted over the din of the crowd.
Sherlock nodded slowly, his lips creeping upward on either side in a motion that set John’s heart to a faster pace. “See you then.”
The detective and the soldier trail a murder suspect around town while keeping themselves occupied with the company of each other.
A gulp was audible through the space between them, his hand clenching around the items in his left hand a few times. “I’m sorry I called you a machine.”
They walked their empty glasses to the bar, where they left them for the bartender to take for cleaning. The soundtrack of their exit was none too pleasant with off-tempo drums and off-key singing. Through their walk toward the grand entrance, they made innocent small-talk until the cold, silent night outside embraced them both.
“Not quite,” said the man with a casual sort of confidence. He walked over to the makeshift patient bed and sat with his arm extended to grip his knee.
things, John.” He said the words so quickly, John’s focus nearly didn’t return to Sherlock in time to catch them. Apparently he was getting his answer, then. Sherlock returned to his seat, but he was no longer sitting casually, exuding a sense of self-importance. Rather, he sat back against the seat, his arms folded defensively across his chest. “Fact. Math. Science. Those things involve zero guesswork. They are facts, indisputable. But
They were providing challenging grins toward one another, Philip’s eyes rolling behind Greg. John knew better than to believe that Philip was actually vexed with either of them.
Sherlock’s smile shone like the sun upon John, filling him with a pleasant warmth. “Excellent, Watson. What else do you see?”
“He gave me a grenade, told me to wait for his signal while the other men got into position. When he shouted for action, I-I threw the grenade.”
He’d said it mostly for himself, but Greg lit up enthusiastically in response. Philip and John both looked at him curiously. “This guy I know is
Yet they flew together in pursuit of a criminal, and Sherlock knew they were running toward the rest of their lives.
When Sherlock maintained a cocky appearance, arms crossed and eyebrow cocked, John shook his head at him and said, “I was in the Army, Sherlock. The
So he’d punched “gay bar” into his phone and debated with himself whether he wanted the closest one, the one with the highest reviews, or the cheapest one. The choice was easy, really, after reading the reviews for Snaps, which was apparently “fun”, “energetic”, and “full of cute men.”
“Yes.” The heat of the whiskey was burning within him, a sense of lightness settling over him like a slow, slow pour of honey. Perhaps this, after all, was the source of Sherlock’s melting ice. Whatever was warming those eyes upon him, John was grateful. “Somehow, through all the grief and inability to return to normalcy, I find myself missing what it is to know a person.”
“So you really just… turn it all off, yeah?” said Lestrade with a sigh after they fatigued themselves with dancing and resigned themselves back to their booth. The thing was now a disaster of spilled liquids, sticky crumbs, and garbage.
“Greg told me about it. Friends spend time together and usually drinks are involved. Though that second part could be Greg’s bias talking.”
John turned around wildly to see Sherlock striding casually into the kitchen, his back turned to him. Face flushing scarlet, John straightened himself up and quickly used the fabric of his shirt to dry the dampness of his face. His hands clenched several times, his shoulders adjusting to a new posture that felt uncomfortable as he stood there confused in the middle of their sitting room.
The question stunned him. Hesitating, he began, “well- I- I’d begin by picking up what I could manage.”
("I never realised confessing would be so enjoyable"/"apparently he can’t stop confessing"/"confessions" being a huge part of TLD in general).
“Absolutely nothing!” Sherlock said too happily, already walking backward down the street and smiling broadly at John. “Except, of course, my own accumulation of evidence. Fancy some food? I owe you from those drinks.”
As always, John did a quick scan of the coffee shop for anybody who could potentially be “Redbeard.” None of the individuals were promising candidates: two women and one man sat in chairs around him. None of them with red hair, a red beard, or any other indication of interest in John’s presence.
He’d been standing with his best mate of the time- Jonathan. (The irony of life’s pattern was not lost upon Philip- but he was getting ahead of himself.) A dame passed the pair of them in the school hallway, her sweater tight and her auburn hair pinned to perfection in a rather gorgeous style. As she passed them both, her fragrance drifted through the air as potent as the musky floral aroma in the middle of a cast garden. Jonathan, in response, turned to Philip and released a low whistle, his eyebrows raised and said: “I’d love to be that there sweater to hug her body that tightly, yeah?”
All that time he spent holding onto the hope that Sherlock would return was replaced eventually by acceptance that he had to move on. He experimented with dating men, even tried to replace Sherlock with the act. He uncovered portions of himself he didn’t know existed and, in doing so, came to terms with those hidden parts. He eventually found Mary and she helped him accept and adapt to a life without Sherlock.  He poured every drop of strength he possessed into forming a life after Sherlock.
From the first moment, John Watson had known this man was going to be something special. After that perfect evening, their lovely conversation, and this one deceptively significant touch, John knew his life had casually changed course permanently. He knew with crystal clear certainty that this was the first date of many.
Sherlock had been living in darkness for so long, he’d quite forgotten the brilliance of light at all. His act of isolation ruthlessly absorbed those sensations which he refused to address within himself.
The doorknob turned hesitantly, a head slowly poking around the door frame and John was instantly sitting up straighter. The young man’s eyes scanned the room only for the briefest of moments before finding John. He couldn’t believe his eyes.
If you've seen Frasier, don't call me out. If you haven't seen Frasier, then yes; I am brilliant and all of this was totally original.
The detective said nothing for a long while as he assumed a comfortable position in his chair. After some time, Sherlock responded in a voice so soft, John’s ears were straining to hear it. “I reckon you have had enough, John. I don’t want you to… say anything you’ll regret.”
“God,” he shouted in surprise. Normally, his shifts here never saw more than the occasional scratch from over-ambitious concert-goers wearing too-big jewellery. Once, he treated a sprain- but that was nothing more than applying a buddy tape with gauze to their middle and ring fingers. But no blood.
His hand swept the table again, a light shrug accompanying it. “The visual evidence exists to see, but few can observe.”
A magnificent tree, rooted in love, spread across Sherlock’s back with power and reckless abandon. A golden truck, strong enough to sustain millennia of wear, sprouted blue leaves of calming grandeur. The roots spiralled into sight unseen beneath trousers, the branches going in every direction to follow the scars that gave them a canvas.
Sherlock’s praise was crisp water in a drought, the first bite of food for a starving man, a warm shower after a freezing outing. It brought blood rushing to his cheeks, a thrilling beating in his chest providing him with an foreign level of joy.
There were only three other people in there and not one of them looked up at the entrance of the man in leather trousers who clearly didn’t belong here. The bartender kept his eyes glued to the glass he was cleaning while the only other two patrons sat with their heads lolling lazily, their eyes both glossy as they looked upon nothing before them.
They both giggled and the laughter brought a deeper color to their faces that were already colored with a semi-permanent pink from the alcohol.
the intensity of Victor’s thought process as though it were a physical wall pressing against him. He read tension in every muscle of his friend.
“Right,” intervened Sherlock, his patience visibly thinning as though the interaction had taken hours rather than minutes. “John, why not give Wiggins here the details on where to meet and we can all be on our way?”
The pair fell into a comfortable silence, John hauling himself up from his chair and into his room when his buzz turned into a quiet exhaustion. In the morning, he didn’t regret what he said but the two didn’t discuss the brief flirtation.
They’d won and yet the opportunity would go to someone else. He’d prepared to lose. Prepared to win. He hadn’t prepared to get shot after crossing the finish line in first place.
Soon, Wiggins joined in the new tempo with light taps of his symbol and Sherlock was overwhelmed with an unfamiliar emotion as the rest of the band prepared to join in once more- gratitude?
Sherlock stared intently upon a patch of floor beneath him, shame overwhelming him as he answered over the beginnings of John’s indignant protests, “I was given a 4-F classification.”
Forty-seven minutes later, the two were giddy with the after-effects of their sex in a bed coated with a mélange of golden and blue paint. The pair were a collage of colour, the bed stained with John’s art.
He hated that even at that moment, he was waiting for the minute he could sneak a picture of the contents to send to Greg. He would rather enjoy the joke, and Mycroft couldn’t believe he was relishing that fact.
“Four murders, all with the same MO, have stumped Scotland Yard,” he said a cock of his eyebrow and that ridiculous smile still plastered on his face. “Come along John, my beloved, the game is on.”
Sholto cleared his throat, shifting with visible discomfort. “In many ways, this contest is a fool’s dream.”
“Wha-” John couldn’t believe how easily Sherlock was letting her go- abandoning the case. “Shouldn’t we follow her?”
John’s voice rose above the din, declaring, “We’re going to practice three standards, the rest will be originals, alright?”
It was like how John described to Harry how he’d wanted to go to the store yesterday but had run out of time to do it. Casual. Nonchalant. A simple fact. Nevermind that he didn’t know who “David” was and this supposed “David” just
He'd studied Victor from his brow to his toes and saw nothing of a lie upon him. He shouldn't have underestimated Victor. They'd known one another since Victor was eight and Mycroft was thirteen. Yet Mycroft nearly always underestimated him, perhaps because he still saw Victor as the same young, friendly child who looked upon Sherlock like he were the entire universe of brilliance rolled into one little boy while Mycroft had known that Sherlock was a proper idiot. "And what does Sherlock think of your hard-headed patriotism?” Mycroft had asked.
His beer was empty now. Why, then, were his nerves still bouncing around within him as though they were playing an endless game of Pong?
A super short one! Please forgive me, I had to write this one during a roadtrip and ran out of time.
Yet Sherlock’s hands held it for some time without moving to open it. If this contained a confession of love, he was not sure if he was ready to see it. For so long, Sherlock had wondered and hoped for love from the glorious man he shared his life with. He never imagined he would learn of reciprocated love from a letter whose confession would be expired by the time it was found.
Confirmation bias was a curious thing. It provided the tendency to interpret new evidence as confirmation of one's existing theory. And his existing theory? John Watson was the same as himself. He’d heard what he’d expected to hear, so caught up in the excitement of kinship that logic had taken a backseat to desire.
“Meaning I have a git brother who thinks he knows what’s good for me and ensured I wouldn’t go to war despite my own wishes.”
Sherlock smiled, his mouth curled into a subtle curve. “I’m glad to hear it. And you’ve got a date?”
“Don't,” he snapped viciously. His chest was heaving to fan the wild flame of hatred in his expression that was raging without control. “Don't. Ever again.”
Unbidden, Sherlock felt himself expand against John’s bare skin beneath the blanket they shared. If John noticed, though, he didn’t let on. Their embrace continued, their hands exploring the bodies of each other. After a blissful eternity, John’s lips left Sherlock’s so slowly, they were connected until the very edges of their lips were pulled apart by nothing other than the physics of the universe.
But still, John remained in place, his shaking body betraying his continued anxiety. “I’m sorry for… well-” his eyes turned to Sherlock’s then, and they held a pain within them that was unmistakably a mirror of his own. He saw a thick tear fall independently down John’s left cheek, the solitary exposure of the suffering he felt. “I’m sorry for this. I do- I love you.”
“Ah, best of luck to ya, then,” Greg said nonchalantly, though scanning Sholto under his eyelashes as he walked away from them, his march continuously that of a soldier’s. What sort of gathering was awaiting Sholto at his home?
They both smiled then, the warm feeling returning to John as he saw the smile lines that formed around the man’s eyes.
there was no chance of survival. It turned out that John was quite a steady fixture to cling to when his mind was screaming for release. John was steady, consistent, and reliable. Sherlock would enter a mood and John would be there. Sherlock would push him away and he would stay. Sherlock would be helpless to put himself upright and John would take him by the hands and guide him through it.
“What?” asked Sherlock, bewildered and mind racing at the apparent sudden turn of mood. “What do you mean?”
He’d done the former too many times before. And Sherlock did need him to talk to this man, apparently. He couldn’t let Sherlock down.
“You’re the Snowman!” the said together and fell into a laughter that left them clutching at one another. Mother rolled her eyes and walked into the kitchen for a cup of water while their father simply chuckled amusedly.
He could see it all. He could taste it. At the same time, it was slipping from view. He hung his head, the familiar burn behind his eyes threatening to overwhelm him.
I'm a sucker for the sun/moon, heart/brain, light/dark dichotomy that Sherlock and John always have. This additional dichotomy is simply fascinating to examine, so thank you, Sudarshana for the prompt. :)
I want to shake our boys by their shoulders and scream at them that they are both drastically misunderstanding one another. If you spot a plot hole (for there is a big one in this chapter), I hope you'll have faith in me that I will resolve it. ;)
“Every time with John is a lovely time. I should tell him that. Tonight. I should tell him so many things…” he trailed off, images of proclaiming his love swimming in his content mind.
“That was The Dwight Anson Band, ladies and gentleman,” came an Irish accent with a lilting tone to John’s half-deaf ears. “What a sizzling tune that was, if I may say so myself. I can’t say for sure, but this contest may have just been sewn up, what do you think, Archie?”
When Sherlock’s eyes slid closed and became accompanied by even breathing that was sending him rapidly into sleep, Lestrade patted his shoulder affectionately.
“Well find something quick, pal. I’ve been to three funerals this month. Nobody’s talking about it because those guys came back fine a while ago.”
So Sherlock would blame Mycroft. It was certain. Sherlock already resented him for so much, after all. He would cling to his grief and resentment until it poisoned him thoroughly. His emotional, impulsive brother would never grasp what it was to have a duty more important than personal desire.
“It's good,” defended Sherlock with a pout. To reinforce his point, he swept his glass into his hand and took a long drag of the bright orange slushie. The action caused a brain freeze that Sherlock attempted to quell subtly, but his wince surely gave him away.
“You’ll do,” he declared after some time, finally swinging the door open fully to reveal the reason for his visit. Across the length of his right tricep was a slash of scarlet, the wound clearly cleaned up haphazardly before he’d run down here.
“Tomorrow,” John said, his eyes remaining upon Sherlock as he addressed Wiggins. It took great effort to reluctantly turn his head toward the appropriate recipient of his statement. “Three or four days a week, never on Tuesdays. The contest is in two months.”
John melted under the heat of those penetrating eyes. “I suppose I would like to imagine that you don’t know anything that I haven’t told you.”
Comments are the light of my life and my whole source of motivation. Thank you in advance to every single person who does so. I will never be able to tell you how much they mean to me. <3
“Phil, I gotta tell you,” Greg said, boldly interrupting Tobias. His eyes were hooded as he looked at Philip. Pure sorrow was shining through those enormous eyes, a foreign look on the man who never stopped laughing. The look of him caused the other two men to fall silent instantly and turn bewildered eyes toward him. “If you seriously still think this is just about the contest, you’ve missed the whole point.”
close eye on him as he made his way through the Solomon Islands. Close enough to be present as they brought in his body fourteen minutes ago.
He rolled his eyes even as he repressed a smile. “You know, there is a reason I chose to come here out of all places after Victor passed. I do enjoy my time with you.”
“Oh my.” He stayed silent for a long moment. His mouth was a perfect “O” in reaction to the thought. “Science has given me the cutest boy. Bless science.”
His strides were long and intentional as he escaped from this fresh hell, trying desperately to avoid casting one last look at John and failing. What he saw haunted him into the darkest hours of the night: John, on the edge of his seat as he gripped the armrests tightly enough to turn his knuckles which. He appeared perplexed, caught off guard with wide eyes, an open mouth, and absolutely no intake of breath. Worse and most confusing of all, he appeared quite as hurt as Sherlock felt as his heart experienced a magnitude of disappointment he felt quite ill-equipped to handle.
He was right, of course, but the streaks of paint across the bed left a bitter taste in his mouth. “Yeah, yeah,” he muttered.
, John.” The words were a prayer. “And love is always better. You want to know how to walk away from the life you’ve planned on? You choose
John hesitated as the two walked out, Sherlock having paid the bill- plus an extremely generous tip- because he said John’s army pension wouldn’t allow the stretch of the budget. (He was right, of course.) Normally, after such an amazing date, he would have invited the other back to his flat.
John’s eyes flitted away from his, his hands wrangling with the mangled mass of cloth that was his shirt.
The man asked him to sign a few papers, asked for his breakfast preferences, and gave Sherlock back his card. At long last, he was escorted to his room and bade good night by the plain-faced employee. The room was comparable in many ways to his room of the previous two nights, though with several improvements. One window was looking over what was sure to be a beautiful sunrise, the bed was several inches thicker of increased softness, and he was placed strategically above an outdoor sitting area, a prime location for easy listening in on conversations that visiting guests would have with their families regarding new happenings in their lives through the window. Perhaps there would be talk of these murders, a first-hand account of some interaction they’d had in the days leading up to any- though, hopefully, Lauren’s- murder.
“I mean there is my life before you and there is my life after you. My life before you was nothing but aimless wandering, lost in ambition and love.”
He gave a mock salute once again when the whole of them looked at him with a bit of surprise. He didn’t speak much and he spoke much less to contribute actual information.
Lead feet carried him to the threshold. Three breaths attempted to steady him, to centralize his thoughts, and his fist raised to rap twice on the door. It was the soundtrack of his anxiety, the trepidation of the knocks loud in his ears. In the silence following his knock, he heard the echo of the sound rattle in his mind and there was no breath or time or awareness- there was only an eternity of silent expectancy.
Raising one hand just beneath where his mouth was moving up and down, he gripped the cock with just enough pressure to cause contrast against his mouth. He moved his hand in pace with his mouth, gathering speed while he worked his tongue over the head every time he reached the top. His hand would fall away smoothly as his mouth reached the base of him and rejoined as he went up to maximize pleasure.
Deleted scene that I couldn't fit in but I need to make sure my readers know about: After spending a few hours messing around with John and Sherlock that night, Sherlock remarks that Greg wouldn't make a bad detective. As a final test of his deductive skills, he asks Greg to deduce John. Greg looks at him up and down for a long time before saying "well he's clearly dressed a date, isn't he? Guess he got stood up, though, seeing as how it's so late." A long silence follows while John flushes, stammering denials that are not remotely believable. Sherlock's eyes widen in realization, saying "What an interesting theory..."
Sherlock seemed to be about to ask a second question but settled for looking at John intently for a long, impossibly long moment. “One more,” he finally prompted after what felt like ages of deliberation.
He strained his eyes, praying to the high heavens that she wouldn’t catch him leering too aggressively. “She’s not married.”
Sherlock and Victor have one last night of sensational passion together before Victor is shipped off to fight in the war.
“Hey, can’t we provide you with feedback for your role on them keys?” asked Greg with a mischievous smile toward the end of their fifth practice.
Watching until Sherlock disappeared in the distance, John took a deep breath, closing his eyes to remember every detail of the beautiful evening. This wasn’t the end of it, either. The thought put an honest-to-God smile on his face, a ridiculous smile that was undeniably one of someone who was falling in love.
He released his lips and pulled back to look into Sherlock’s eyes and froze. There were, in fact, tears that had spilled. Only now did he sense his hands had removed themselves from his sides, his face a mask of pain that John couldn’t comprehend.
Sherlock gripped the phone tightly between his fingers, his knuckles marble white with the pressure of it. Stuffing down the urge to hurl the phone into the nearest thicket of trees, he rotated sharply on his heel toward a shoppe that had caught his eye. Not much was open at 7 in the morning in this gentle area, but a quaint cafe would have to sufficiently fuel his addiction. There would not be cocaine to be found until he was back in the heart of London, but coffee would move matters along.
Sherlock’s eyes searched John's, and his tongue seemed to fail him as he opened his mouth to respond but closed it silently, nodding his head curtly. They remained like that for a long minute and John would have happily remained drowning in those eyes for eternity.
John walked slowly toward the table, trying to ignore the way his feet stuck to the floor as they moved one in front of the other. He slid himself into the seat opposing Sherlock and was relieved to find that the seat and table beneath him were perfectly clean. Distantly, he wondered if the cleanliness of this booth was specifically for Sherlock- or perhaps because of him.
to go on besides the feeble narrative the local police had provided him before handing over the case completely: that she’d had an affair and it had all gone wrong. It was impossible, a lazy, baseless theory from a lifeless police force.
The man across from him seemed to read his thoughts, suddenly moving to a more professional posture, his hands clasping each other. “I apologize, I have misread- I mean to say, I misspoke. Forgive me.”
John released an uncomfortable cough because apparently there was nothing to do but pretend the horrors of the war didn’t impact him. “Nice gig you got here.”
sorry for what I did to you in that mortuary. I am sorry for doubting you, for isolating you, for treating you like you’re anything less than the most important person on this Goddamn planet. Mostly, Sherlock, I am sorry for leaving you that night when you begged me to stay. I’m sorry for hurting you, choosing imagined safety over you. I’m sorry for leading you on, sorry you had to go to the wedding after the fact. I’m sorry I was too much of a coward to admit to everyone else what I’ve always known: you, and you alone, are the only thing I’ve ever truly loved in my whole life.”
So he’d never spoken of his loneliness again. His 19-year-old big brother had to know something Sherlock didn’t.
“I think we should put White Christmas back in the mix,” grumbled Sherlock from over his shoulder. The breath of his words was warm on John's neck and his eyelids fluttered from the ecstasy of it.
“Hmm?” John hummed, his eyes lingering for a long moment on the page in front of him before tearing himself away from the book and closing it, leaving a finger between the pages he’d been on.
But still, Sherlock remained in place. His mouth opened and closed several times from the effort of forming the words.
” John had said finally, slowly, uncertainly. He removed his finger from his book and set it down beside his leg. “
Sherlock’s head went limp and hung instantly upon hearing the words, tears flowing heavy and free from his eyes. He possessed no will to stop them. It was happening. John loved him.
Damn. They’d gotten one of John’s knights. Now their pieces were sprawled across the board with both sides balanced while his own pieces were scattered with less intention. John had never been under any illusion that this would be a game he could win, but the inevitable loss still caused a rise of anxiety.
On Winder Avenue, everything was soft in the spring’s night. A gentle wind blew delicately along the bushes, the blooming flowers moving minutely as the soft air shifted around it. It was a street silent with every occupant along its expanse resting in a deep slumber.
“No,” Sherlock said severely, his head snapping to John’s. His face was soft, eyes wide and sparkling and sincere. “I can thank
“I’d have to agree, Janine, their jazz was as hot as a summer’s day. But I’m certain I’m still leaning toward the Supernova Band from earlier.”
“I do,” John answered with a hesitant voice, his eyes remaining glued on the sight before him. “But what's with-” he gestured lamely around him, his voice trailing off.
Shaking his head of the philosophical nonsense, he reminded himself that his home was here, with his family. Yet that evening, Mycroft reprimanded him for his “childish” experiment with the soil and his parents asked timidly if he’d made any new friends recently. He wasn’t comfortable. He didn’t belong. He wasn’t home.
The returned question impacted them both. An unspoken admittance of what was never supposed to be vocalized.
He didn’t know anymore. The memory in his head, although it felt sincerely accurate, was now so muddled with confusion and regret, he couldn’t say with any certainty what had really occurred between them. All he knew was that, ever since, Sherlock had been wholly withdrawn and increasingly antagonistic. The wedge that had formed between them that night was growing every day and John was helpless to close the distance. Sherlock did not talk to him, he didn't invite him on cases, he barely looked him in the eyes, and John's questions were met with hostility.
Finally, so softly Sherlock almost couldn’t believe he heard it, John said, “I don’t ever want to let go of you. I rather think I could stay like this forever.”
Regardless of speculation, there seemed to be no answer at all for how it had all gone so wrong. The hours John spent dwelling on the disastrous conversation in his mind were simply wasted minutes in retrospect. Yet he could not tear his mind away from trying to figure out what had happened.
John smiled in earnest, staring into the blue eyes across from him with utter confidence. “The very best, sir.”
John debated the merits of arguing this logic but instead asked, “And what can you tell me about this drummer of yours?”
know about rap and he knew he'd be caught in the lie and God, how long had he been silent now? “I kinda like… classical music,” he said, cheeks flushing scarlet. The truth was embarrassing.
“Now we follow her. If you stay in here long enough, eventually she will leave from irritation and impatience-”
“I mean he’s got too low of a voice for it,” said Greg, gesturing to Sherlock as though they were speaking of him behind his back instead of right in front of him. “You can tell. And you’re trained and he’s not-”
He couldn’t say for certain when he’d begun appreciating how precious his own life was. It was certainly after and related to the entrance of John Watson. He woke every day and did not struggle to find joy; it was beside him in his own home.
know it was holly! It wasn’t even hanging above us! God, Sherlock, it was sitting on the table across the room. It was going to be used for decoration, it wasn’t even supposed to
“I don’t know,” Tobias said slowly, his eyes glued to the finalized sheet music he held in his hand. “Isn’t it supposed to be a song to honour the troops?”
Mycroft was not an expert in emotional displays. He was an expert in reading people. He could read motive in behaviour, locational history in stains, and thought processes in bodily motion.
Watching the lawful union of his best friend to another soul was agony beyond torture. Watching in silence was nearly impossible. So difficult was the task of silence that his expressions betrayed him several times. It was too difficult to keep both his voice as well as his muscles in check.
John was sweeping the man into his arms before he could figure out how he had closed the space between them. His mouth pressed into the surprised detective's whose lips rapidly went soft under the pressure. John's arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock's neck, his feet propping him up on his tip-toes to embrace so ardently. In response, he felt Sherlock's musician's fingers run around the fabric of John's shirt, fingers gripping desperately at his waist.
John’s complete and utter happiness left him completely terrified when, without warning, Sherlock gripped the collar of John’s shirt and pulled him forcefully into an opening between two buildings on 97th Avenue. The alleyway wafted the stench of grime to his nose and would have been barely big enough to allow for one person. For one truly bewildering second, John truly believed that Sherlock was going to kiss him. To entwine his fingers in John’s shirt, push him against the wall, lean his head down, and press cold lips against John’s own.
Reality seeped in slowly, crawling water drops along a glass pane until John turned to register a wildly cheering crowd. The gathering of people in front of him were on their feet, wildly whooping and hollering in response to the music they’d produced. Nothing felt real as they stood up and walked off stage. Only distantly did he register the announcer’s words, fading as he walked away.
“Right,” John said uncertainly. Then, more confidently to Sholto, “I saw Wiggins unloading outside. Philip’s with him. They’ll be in any moment.”
“Oh, put a sock in it!” bellowed John over the man who would surely go on for ages without interruption. “It cost nearly nothing and it’s not just from me. It’s your present from everybody- Molly, Mycroft, your parents, Greg-”
Sherlock processed these words, absorbed them, and remained stoic toward Lestrade. He wasn’t sure what to make of this analysis. It was true that being with John made him happier. He did hold in retorts in an effort to be the sort of man John wanted him to be. But social and kind? Never.
The laughter was gone from Jackson’s face, but his eyes were hard against John’s pleas. “That’s a bit dramatic, don’t you think? I’ve given you my answer. But you can try out for the community theatre guild- they’re down the block.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide with alarm, terror, and another emotion that John couldn’t recognize. Guilt? Embarrassment? “I said it’s nothing, John.”
“But then,” he said, eyebrows furrowing together as the words came out slowly, “why didn’t he stop Victor from entering?”
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, a ghost of a grin dancing across his lips. John knew he was imagining the scene, grateful for this almost-memory.
His prism was gone now; never from his heart, nor absent from his life, but gone from his future. He walked around and saw the world in only distant, dull detail.
Two years he had spent dreaming of returning to John. Of course the others- Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, his parents- had crossed his mind. But the thought of them, the memory of their laughter, nor the imagined reunion hadn’t been what sustained his life for two years.
“Oh,” he said, his hand jumping to the back of his neck. “I just thought you’d actually accept this time, is all.”
The bed, the closet, nor the walking patterns interested Sherlock quite as much as the floorboard, however. He knew this floorboard- had utilized this floorboard. This particular floorboard lifted to reveal a convenient pocket of space that could be used to store items one might want to hide.
“Yeah, well,” he said, rising to his feet and refusing to meet the grey-green eyes that were wide upon him, “I’m not particularly bowled over by you, so I reckon we’ll forget about the dinner, ta.”
I used this style because one POV in my original novel has this sarcastic, intimate narration and I needed to practice before I start rewrites in January.
God, he’d forgotten how handsome he was. It was the worst sort of realization that couldn’t be escaped. He couldn’t possibly
Sherlock’s tongue grazed along the outside of his lower lip and the resulting summersaults performed by his insides were pleasurable in their intensity. No one else, his whole life, had ever caused such a reaction from any level of physical intimacy. Here- with this perfect man- everything was heightened. The sensation of the lightest tongue flick awoke every nerve in his body.
Sherlock stood upright quite suddenly, his jaw set in determination as he put the socks in their basket of goodies
John slipped his hand into Greg’s with a flicker of a smile and shook vigorously. The air between them was dense with the alcohol lingering on his breath but John couldn’t pull his hand away. He’d asked for a man who was good-looking and Philip certainly hadn’t disappointed.
And yet he re-played the moments. And replayed more moments. And replayed every moment with John Watson until he was content to live in his false reality for all of time. Now, though, as he heard John open and close his closet somewhere in the distant reality, he was trapped reliving the night- the one which had ruined everything.
Rebuilding his life with John Watson was purple: vital, sacred, and requiring the stability of blue with the passion of red.
“Bloody brilliant. Laid out like that, it does seem- what’d you said- elementary?” John admitted, a goofy smile stuck on his face like gum to a shoe.
“You want to start a band,” said Sholto, finally. He didn’t beat around the bush and John could only give a sly smile.
When Sherlock returned empty-handed, John’s eyebrows stitched together. “Why’d you take my cup if you weren’t getting me a refill?”
This was it: their first show. Their first real attempt to see if they had what it took to win this contest. This was all on John.
“I say we go through a standard next- as our final song” he declared, eyes dancing to and away from Sherlock as he addressed the rest of them. “What do you think, Sherlock? Wanna join?”
John took a moment to take a long drink of his martini. He felt the liquid burn in his throat and settle as a ball of warmth in his stomach. When he returned his glass to the table, he fixed Sherlock with an investigative gaze and asked, “Alright. Impress me. What else do you
“N-no.” Sherlock flushed with the compliment, his response stuttering out without breath to steady the words.
The new drink was placed before him so abruptly, the liquid within the glass sloshed out onto the table.
Long-dried tears left their mark along the ink, warping letters where they had fallen. Not mixed with Sherlock’s this time, whose tears were a stubborn puddle along his sleeve that he continued to use to clean the secretions from his eyes. They flowed so heavily that the writing became more and more difficult to read as Sherlock progressed through the pages.
But what was so amazing about spending time with Sherlock one-on-one was that even when he would expertly deduce a fact or person, Philip never felt like those analytical eyes were turned toward
John did not know how long he stood in that entryway. It could have been several long minutes but it also could have been several hours. Time didn’t matter, not when such heartbreak was rearing its head within him.
“I don’t care,” John said dismissively, his apathy truly reaching a peak. “I really don’t, gentlemen. I don’t care what your big problems are. I don’t care if you don’t like each other or if you think you have it the hardest or if you think someone isn’t doing things the way you would. When we get together, we fall into line, alright?”
Sherlock shrugged and John thought- or hoped- that he wasn’t the only one feigning a casual air. “I had nothing else going on.”
“Brilliant!” With one long gulp of his beverage, the darkness, always at so close to overwhelming him, began to ebb away. He sighed in relief before looking back to Sherlock. “I’m going to get one more, yeah? Then we’ll have some fun.”
“No!” the boy shouted, rising from his seat as he smiled at Sherlock. He was missing several teeth and Sherlock made a note of which ones he thought would grow in first so that in several months, he could confirm or refute his hypothesis. “That was cool! Did somebody tell you that?”
He was still shouting and John’s mind was beside itself trying to explain what was happening. “What- What did you-
It wasn’t a question, but he answered nevertheless as he rose to face Sherlock, “Yeah, I reckon I am.”
“So far, just you. I still need a bass, a couple of horns, and a drummer. You know anybody? Young, good looking- like us?” he said the last words at the ground, pretending not to notice his friend’s head snap up in surprise.
” John proclaimed when a wave of frigid water crashed over him, unexpected droplets falling down his face and neck, seeping into the fabric of his shirt and stunning his body and mind away from the nightmare kiss.
“The best.” He released the words reluctantly and rolled his eyes, a strangely out-of-place sentiment for a man who’d talked about the liberation of Dachau without a care.
He was not somebody who deserved the warmth of John’s fire, yet he suffered all the same for not receiving it.
“Er-” John didn’t know how to answer that. “He’s not really…” and the idea popped into his head with aggressive excitement. “Do you want to come meet him? He’s not sick of your antics yet.”
Sherlock flung himself sideways, resting his head on his hand and smiling into it. “You know what he’s like?”
John yearned passionately to throttle the man and scream that he only regretted the things he couldn’t say. Wanted to yell at him and explain that the beverage helped give him the courage to say the things he was always wanting to say.
It was hard to maintain his sour attitude, however, when Sherlock told him a joke that resulted in his beverage exiting through his nose.
With steadiness indicative of his years of training as a surgeon, he moved one hand around the waist of the man next to him while the other, abandoning its shield of his eyes, reached up to his shoulder. Lightly, he lifted his head and felt the resting cheek of the man above him fall unexpectedly before he caught himself.
“Then this is Major James Sholto,” John introduced, perhaps too boisterously, gesturing to Sholto beside Philip, who Sherlock nodded politely to. “You know Wiggins, of course, and that’s Tobias Gregson.”
“Oh, nothing,” said John innocently, his eyes drinking up the sight of Sherlock. “It’s just still a very handsome sweater.”
“I always know.” Sherlock wore a sly smile, his eyes never leaving the spot before him that was, John assumed, their destination. “You want a drink?”
This, apparently, was not enough of a connection to warrant any furthering of their relationship to Sherlock.
He couldn’t stand it. Couldn’t stand this proximity to Sherlock with so little of their skin touching. With his surgeon’s hands, he worked to undo every button on Sherlock’s shirt with a speed that impressed them both. When the work was done, John pulled away to appreciate the flawless marble body beneath and the action of removing himself resulted in a whimper from the man, now denied kisses.
Sherlock’s ability to “read” others was certainly something that had come up frequently. In fact, his exceptional ability to decipher a person’s life in an instant had been a source of terror in Philip the first several times he’d engaged with him. However, when it became apparent that Sherlock was not aware of his hidden sexuality and that he was safe from being exposed, that fear subsided to allow for further resentment.
He turned the knob and wrenched the thing open, blinking in surprise. He registered a flushed Sherlock before him, his eyes alive with the flame of excitement, his entire body radiating with the energy of an untold thrill.
A plan bloomed in his mind then. A plan so egregious, so painful to imagine, he created a stipulation: he would attempt, once more, to talk to Sherlock before acting quite so rashly.
“I was thinking about Victor. I was re-reading the letter he- the one you gave me. I was thinking about how my experience isn’t remotely near a rare one,” Sherlock said in a blur of words, shoving the pages onto the piano and fluttering his hands about. John stared at him, trying to keep up. “But that’s the thing: it doesn’t matter if it’s common. It’s still hard. It’s hard to let go because it feels like a betrayal to him but it’s simply an impossible task to keep holding on. Especially against his explicit request.”
John’s stomach simultaneously flipped and churned. Were they on a real date? Were they mates having a meal? John had repressed his desires for so long, he wasn’t sure how to be open about expressing them. Was this man- this beautiful man- offering proper dates? Could John even bear to open himself up to the desires he’d always secretly dreamed of?
“Trust me, John: we successfully worked this case.” He said it with such authority, such sincerity, that John’s protests fell silent before even reaching his throat.
John raked his mind for something to share. It must be a relative secret- something few people knew. Yet it couldn’t be something that
Sherlock considered this, his eyes glazing over with thought. John couldn't recall exactly when Sherlock had acquired each wrinkle on his still-perfect face. His eyes were decorated with a painting of them, his mouth surrounded by smile lines so indented, it hurt to observe.
“Let me guess,” Sherlock drawled, suddenly relaxing and leaning forward a bit. “You want to know how I escaped service.”
Perhaps if Sherlock’s mind was in a proper place to apply his standard defenses to displays of such kindness, he would have a clever retort at the ready. Yet the words penetrated his mind, burrowing deep within him to make his heart flip with joy. He filed them in his mind palace where they would be available to revisit.
He should have learned long ago not to ask how Sherlock knew things like this, but he asked nevertheless: “Blimey, how’d you know?”
“Sherlock,” John repeated slowly, experimenting with how it felt in his mouth. It was a peculiar name, but it fell from his mouth like it was second nature. It was as though years of learning complex medical terms was nothing more than a preparation for being able to appreciate the beautiful sound of his name.
The woman caught John staring, flashing a smile of vivid teeth and John turned rapidly, his head downcast in embarrassment. He hadn’t intended to stare.
“Oh.” There was a long silence, John shifting uncomfortably between the balls of his feet and Sherlock looking around uncertainly. “Right.”
, Sherlock- that I put one foot out that door, I knew I would spend the rest of my days regretting it. And I have. The more steps I took, the more I hated myself for my decision. The self-hatred grew until it consumed me. I grieved as though I had lost you all over again. I went deep in denial when you spoke at my wedding and played that song. The depth of my emotions betrayed my denial, however. Those beautiful words you crafted, the long confession of love that I knew I had given up on… drove me damn near tears.”
“No,” interpreted John again with a depth of kindness in his eyes. He looked directly into Sherlock, a light smile reassuring his nerves. “It is. It’s too slow. Hey, Greg- kick up, will ya?”
“Right,” he said, words trembling from the effort to contain his excitement. “So you know that I can’t-”
Both hands in his hair, he formed fists with the jet-black curls and pulled Sherlock’s head back from where it had been making its way south from his collarbone. His face was flushed, eyes fluttering as a trembling “oh” came from John pulling his hair back.
The world was too loud. He could hear the churnings of the plates beneath him, the whooshing air as they spun in endless circles. He could feel the air pressing against him, could feel gravity pushing him down, down, down and it was too much.
At the time, he hadn’t known what Moriarty meant. That confusion was borne from his belief that he didn't have a heart. It was before Sherlock learned exactly where his heart lay.
John Watson!” Al shouted, nearly tripping over his feet as he shuffled to clap John lovingly on the back. His knees buckled under it, the pressure unforgiving against his still-tender injury. Al Hodges was the owner of one of the most successful jazz bars in Cardiff. A large man, his fashion was nevertheless impeccable with a finely tailored suit stretched across a robust stomach. He had a round nose with kind, sparkling eyes above rosy cheeks. “How long you been back in town, soldier?” Al’s booming voice was audible and distinct even above the music in the air.
“Thank you. Thank you.” He was moving away and could no longer see her or the building or the street or anything in this world. All that existed was this endless dark tunnel and him, clawing his way out. His feet carried him down the street and he crouched down on the pavement when his feet were unable to carry him any longer.
y'all. I have never cried so hard while writing before. Who's ready for some happier days? I know I am.
Mostly, he was thankful that Lestrade didn’t poke fun, didn’t judge him, and didn’t tell him off. He permitted his ramblings, listening intently as he spoke in circles about John.
John was so close. He dared not breathe, so intoxicating was the scent of him. His heart was a tumbling disaster in his chest, the longing to reach over to touch him was pain as real as any wound. The world was nothing of importance compared to John Watson.
“Well, for one thing, they keep your feet warm,” John said distantly, flipping over the price tag of a tie that he thought Lestrade might enjoy.
His mouth formed suction along his neck as he traversed downward and John threw his head back to revel in the sensation. Each suction was an untold pleasure, each kiss resulting in a grumble of encouragement.
“With the tenderest of motions, I leaned up to your lips, brushing mine against them with the slightest touch. I felt the wet of the snowflake spread to my lip, a single gust of air expelling from us before we fell into each other with desperate intensity.”
This isn't late, it's before midnight my time! Curse Seattle for being so far behind my readers' timezones.
“And you guessed that it meant…” he paused, eyes tightening in thought, “that meant they weren’t bought for me.”
Sherlock’s laugh cut right through John’s horror. It was a sudden a knife of noise, his guttural, genuine laugh. His smile was stretched tightly across his face and it was the most beautiful John had ever seen anybody look. It knocked his breath clear out of his body, his mind and heart softening under the warmth of it.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered again, hoping he could convey a sentiment that would fill the gaps in his sincerity that his words left.
“Ease up, mate,” Greg said, taking a drink of the delightfully cold amber liquid. “I’m not actually attempting to use my super successful pickup line on either of you.”
Well, folks, it wasn't easy. This was easily the longest it has ever taken me to write. And it's PAINFUL. Lord, it's painful. But Johnlock demands to be written so here we are.
John forced his eyes away, his tongue flicking out to moisten his lips in a betrayal of his thoughts. He coughed, struggling to find something to say in this suddenly uncomfortable silence when Sherlock spoke in a rush of words, “So tell me about this contest?”
As the pair made their way toward whichever restaurant Sherlock Holmes was leading him to, John vowed to himself he would give the Grounds for Thought staff a one hundred dollar tip when his next paycheck arrived.
The most amazing night of John’s life was abruptly ended when the door opened aggressively, Sherlock’s sentence cut short as the two turned their heads in unison to a mousy young woman standing in the doorframe, one hand on the doorknob as her eyes darted quickly between the two of them.
That is the presumption that this fic uses. He is still Sherlock for sure and Victor's loss does set him back a bit. But he's not quite so broken and he's a bit more patient.
Greg may not have been as close to John or Sherlock as they were to each other, but as the hours faded away into laughter and jovial conversation, Greg was filled with appreciation for the shared bond he did have with the both of them. Even aware that the whiskey was providing him with goggles of affection and an increased inclination toward buoyant emotions, he knew the truth of it ran deep. When all was said and done, if they earned nothing from this experience- from the contest- then at least he would have the unbreakable bond that he had been certain could only be forged in the horrors of war.
John was pleasantly surprised how quickly the time had passed. A surreal feeling of peace washed over him in gently cresting waves as scratching pencils sounded against the otherwise silent room. Every person in there was quiet, focused, and lost in their own worlds. The comprehensive retraction into his own mind was what made the alarm for their portraits so terrifying. The silent, peaceful concentration was ripped apart violently by the aggressive beeping that signified the end of the class. It is only then, as the class moved to put their supplies away and the model replaced his robe, that John felt the too-familiar return of blood in his cheeks. He knew it was ridiculous to suspect, but he had the strangest feeling that the model
“Please,” he said again, urging Sherlock to listen with every ounce of his being. Impossibly, miraculously, incredibly, Sherlock finally released his tension and, with a sigh, silently gestured for John to continue.
“I… don’t remember it,” laughed Sherlock, shaking his head and his eyes more alive than he’d ever seen them. “It was as though I fell asleep and sang the whole thing without consciousness.”
Sherlock smiled, a dazzling smile that illuminated his face and the room and the whole world with it. “We’re already done your thing, John- the band. Now we do mine.”
Sherlock paused then, eyes flickering to John who had unconsciously leaned in slightly at the question. How
“Oh my God!” John laughed, hands coming up to his face as he laughed into them. “Oh my God, Sherlock! This is
In the dying embers of the day, John sat alone in his living room, looking at the spaces between the bricks of his fireplace. His thoughts were far from the fireplace, far from Cardiff, far from Europe. They were in the Solomon Islands where the raging heat was creating beads of sweat along his shoulders and under his nose. His feet were sore, his shoes caked with layers of dried mud beneath a thick layer of fresh mud. In these thoughts, Victor was beside him, giving him the strength to continue. He recalled the memories with a pain unparalleled by any he’d ever experienced.
“I need another drink, excuse me,” he said hastily, gripping his empty martini glass in one hand. He walked away with false ease, pretending vehemently not to notice Sherlock’s affronted stare.
When he found Sherlock in the sitting room, his eyes closed as he sat regally upon his black chair, John’s heart constricted painfully. The morning light filtering through their ill-shaded windows cast beautiful shadows across his pallid face. His long fingers were templed gracefully beneath his chin, his motion so minute, he could have been a robe-clad greek statue. He was so beautiful, John felt blessed to be even near him.
The words were borne from of a complete lack of anything else to say. They were out of his mouth with no regard to whether or not John wanted them out.
It's been more than a year since Sherlock received the telegram announcing Victor's passing but the loss still hurts as though it's a fresh wound. Sherlock hopes the client that is coming at 2:00 will distract him from some of the painful memories but that plan crumbles when the "client" named John Watson admits that he used to know Victor.
The rest of the letters remained at the foot of the bed. Sherlock didn’t want to read them- not now and not ever. What could they possibly say that would make any of this better? No, they could only bring worse guilt and regret. He was certain that if he felt any worse, his body would surely crumble in on itself.
All lies. John’s shame threatened to drown him in its thick intensity. Paired with the dense regret from his too-recent decision, he was unlikely to ever find himself back to solid land.
The eggnog, topped with a dusting of delectable nutmeg, was offering the world around him a glow of diminished details. The flat was decorated with traces of the holiday season that warmed John’s heart, but none more than the sight of Sherlock in a festive sweater. Mostly black with an evergreen fuzzy Christmas tree, the shirt was decorated with real jingle bells disguised as ornaments.
Ten beautiful digits were staring at him from the page, each one causing a different gymnastic move within his body. His heart was performing cartwheels, his stomach summersaults, his soul engaging in various leaps.
The preliminary contest was held across town from John’s flat in a regal building meant for people of moderate to extreme stardom to perform in. Surely none of them ever believed they would be performing on this stage in Cardiff.
Hooray! More world building! I'm so sorry to take you through 7.9k words without Sherlock but here he comes.
Sherlock sat on the table and John wished he’d put on a shirt. It was impossible to keep his gaze away from the glorious marble skin and he hated forcing his eyes to look at the nondescript wall. With no willingness to kick Sherlock out and no medical reason left to treat him, he assumed the seat he'd been in before Sherlock had arrived.
He trailed off weakly and Sherlock appeared so thoroughly caught off guard, he was blinking at twice the normal rate. His brow was furrowed, his eyes moving rapidly over John to scan every inch of him.
“There was an ambush,” he said, voice trembling over every letter. Tears fell silently along his cheeks and he could no longer bear to meet the wide, terrorized eyes that looked unblinking upon him. “We were in the trenches and we weren't prepared. The man next to me was shot as he laughed at a joke- that I made. It was sudden, it caught us off guard and I panicked. Victor didn't.”
know, John, is why.” It settled in slowly, realization seeping in as he continued to explain: “I know things about you. I know many things about many people. But it stems from visual evidence, not from any sort of connection or confidence. That lack of  intimacy has left me worse for wear and it’s not anything I was necessarily aware of until this evening.”
There was something in the air entering his lungs that made his heart leap for joy for receiving it. Together they ran through the streets of London, his scheme playing out perfectly as John followed suit without his walking stick. They were likely chasing a dead-end, but his soul and mind raced as though it were the end of the line. They ran toward a new beginning in a way Sherlock had never run. He ran from people, from places, from connections.
A shabby man elevated his head at the call, his hand quickly rising to give a sort of choppy wave toward them both. Dark blond hair was unruly on his head and his thick stubble was bordering on becoming a full beard on his narrow face. He wore a filthy shirt, thin and impractical in the harsh cold of the city. His pants were military-issued with haphazardly fixed holes that had been repaired by someone who had clearly never sewn anything else in their life. Despite this, there was nothing on his face to reveal a bitterness of his situation. Instead, his eyes were glazed over with a dreamy distance and John's stomach plummeted with dread.
Somehow, by some miracle, John’s eyes found Sherlock’s again. His eyes were brimming with apparent tears, his hands shaking in Sherlock’s.
Sherlock prefaced his response with a drink from his own glass. “I meant that I didn’t want you to think this is a date.”
Mycroft’s prediction was right, his eyes rolling pointedly as he placed the box aside without withdrawing the contents.
,” he continued, unable to refrain a smile that warped the brightness of his song when John continued his harmonization. “
“John, what have I told you? Presents between people as close as you and I are unnecessary shows of-”
For reference, John is based on Donny Novitski (played by Corey Cott) and Sherlock is based on Julia Trojan (played by Laura Osnes).
In many ways, the human mind is incapable of comprehending the colour at all. Black is a void that our mind runs viciously away from. In a truly black environment, the mind will play tricks on itself to imagine a light, a movement, or anything at all to escape the pressing darkness. The black objects in this world only make sense to our mind in the context of the items around it.
John’s eyes were wide toward Sherlock, breathing through his nose, and hyper-aware of Sherlock’s fingers pressed against his lips. He couldn’t think straight, couldn’t remember who “she” was that Sherlock was talking about. The cuff of Sherlock’s sleeve was soft against his cheek, their chests aligned in tantalizing contact that seemed not to impact Sherlock at all, though it threw John’s entire world off its stable rotation. They were pressed together and John was grateful that Sherlock’s intense focus was directed somewhere other than John’s flushed face and panicked behaviour.
But Sherlock had been her favourite student when she taught the high school classes and he used the word he swore he’d never say (“please”) so she allowed it.
“We know,” Greg groaned, unable to hear John’s reminders even one more time before he lost all patience with the man. “The Wallace. Tomorrow. We know, Johnny boy.”
Before he could do any of those things, Sherlock was wrapped around him. One of his arms was wound around his back while the other wrapped tightly around his waist. John was temporarily frozen, flushing as he felt the skin of his cheek push against his neck before the realization sufficiently hit him: Sherlock was hugging him.
“Almost perfect,” said John, his arms extended above him as he reached to fix an ornament toward the top of the tree.
Between a family too emotional to provide any helpful information and distant acquaintances remaining steadfast in their insistence that they had no useful information, the well of contacts was emptying. The answer would be from a stranger who had seen something insidious that had seemed innocuous. From a friend of the murderer who saw her the day before, or from a lazily left footprint leading away from a scene of the meeting.
“All of it. Every bloody last thing.” Before he could stop it, the words cascaded out of him. “I’m sorry for blaming you for her death. I’m sorry for beating- God, am I sorry, Sherlock. I am
“No,” he snapped, flushing with colour that was stark on his icy cheeks. “I am perfectly capable of paying for my own coffee.”
“I’m not using you, Sherlock. You have to believe me- I mean it. My entire life has simply been leading up until the moment I met you. I have spent my whole life falling into you. You are my safe harbor. I love you wholly and completely. In every universe, in every timeline, in every version of this world that exists, I love you. In a thousand lifetimes, I will love you in every one. There are no words available in existence to tell you how ardently I want you and your companionship for the rest of my days.”
The afternoons were tortuous due to his absence. Certainly, being around John on those sleepy, rushed mornings were difficult, but occupying himself without John was worse. Why did John have to work at all? It wasn't fair. To his dismay, he had, like Henry Higgins, grown accustomed to his face. Much akin to Henry Higgins, Sherlock was a callous, critical, and prideful man. John Watson was not entirely dissimilar to Eliza Doolittle- rough around the edges and torn between his old life and his new one. Though, in truth, Sherlock had always had quite the crush on Freddy- the man who professed his love so beautifully.
The memories flushed him with a sickening guilt. John had never been honest with Mary, Sherlock, or even himself about the extent of his affection for the detective.
But John was back- for good- and Sherlock Holmes was 42 when he could say with unfaltering certainty that he did, finally, after 34 years spent searching, have a home.
They couldn’t afford a trip to London. A hotel. A train. All the other tiny expenses that would prevent them from going.
Sherlock turned his eyes to Philip, his head held high but his tone soft as he prompted: “And Philip?”
John could have leapt with joy. He could have kissed him right on the mouth. He could have whooped and hollered and danced around. Instead, he settled for a wide smile and friendly clap on the arm for his friend. “That’s fantastic!”
“You confessed,” said Sherlock as though John had not spoken, “and then you left. I was not worth it to you- not worth the risk. I was worthy of being used and not worthy of continued love.”
The question was appalling to him and he couldn’t keep the offence out of his voice. “No, of course not. Jesus, you’re like… a work of art, Sherlock.”
“A tree?” said Sherlock, his voice hoarse with lack of use. It was a mere guess based on the strokes that had danced across his back and John couldn’t hold back the smile that spread across his face. Clever man.
“Excellent intuition,” praised Sherlock and John’s insides flipped with joy. “No, they are not. One more, John.”
John felt the beginnings of a rebelious smile tugging at the corners of his hardened lips. “I daresay we are.”
It was mounting in John, his walk turning into a skip, his glee keeping him buoyant, unable to prevent a true giggle when he caught Greg’s eyes and saw a blissful disbelief that matched his own.
Yet even with the rising anger, he felt shame. It was woven into his blood, this quick-rising anger. He couldn’t understand why the man before him was reacting as such, but he knew he wasn’t angry at Sherlock; he was embarrassed at his refusal to reciprocate and he was turning it into a manageable emotion.
things, even if I don’t know how I know. Your posture is that of a soldier. You never see a civilian walk like you do even if you do see soldiers walk like civilians.”
“Your socks,” John repeated, attempting not to get lost in those beautifully complex eyes. “I like them.”
is that I want to know why you did it. It certainly wasn’t because of mistletoe and it certainly wasn’t because anybody was expecting it. I want to know why you did it and I want the truth.”
“Hello Sh- Mr. Holmes,” she said, clearly uncomfortable. “You’re needed for the meet and greet upstairs.”
“Ah.” He considered this and John prayed that he would stay silent this time. “Are you going to school? Or going for cash?”
, Sherlock,” drawled Mycroft when Sherlock was twelve and desperate to understand why he’d never had even one friend. “We’re brilliant, you and I. Everybody else only sees what the want to see but you and I see the truth.”
Before him, Sherlock was standing tall, determined, radiating a tense professionalism that John didn’t understand how to react to. He was certain this couldn’t be happening, certain this was a terrible, terrible nightmare borne of his nodding off on that old chair.
She let out a sharp bark of laughter that was unmistakably one of ridicule. John didn’t care for it so he snapped, “What?” with as much venom as he could muster.
,” urged the voice in John’s head. He willed the forgiveness into the universe as though it would occur through sheer will.
“John.” The candle was flickering innocuously on the table between them. Aromas of lilacs swam with a deluge of spices floating from the kitchen. The room was warm- too warm. “I love you.”
As a little nod, Jeremy Brett (Sherlock Holmes from Grenada Holmes) actually plays one of the love interests in the movie version My Fair Lady (Freddy), which is referenced in the third paragraph of this chapter. :)
It clicked all at once, pieces of a puzzle he hadn’t known the final product of until this moment. In a rush of words, he concluded, “She’s from money- or she used to be. The dress is an old relic from those days. And the fake pearls must have cost less than regular cleaning of her old ones would, right? She can’t afford new stockings but old ones ripped. Everything else- her hair, her nails, her shoes, are a product of beauty supplies she owned from before she lost her money. She’s trying to keep up with appearances for her friends- trying to pretend she still has the means to dress like that.”
Alright, so Sherlock had definitely asked John out. He’d definitely proposed a proper date to contrast their many other platonic outings… hadn’t he?
He planned it carefully. Knowing he would have only one opportunity to properly do it, he waited like an alligator in the water: waiting, waiting, waiting so patiently until the time was right. He had one opportunity, anything more would be obvious to the whole room, betray him and reveal that he wasn’t simply a model.
“This is destiny, John. Consider all we’ve been through, all we have suffered to wind up here: finally, happily, miraculously together. What we share can never be reversed, what we’ve been through cannot be rewound. We are tied together as one, locked in love and fate, we are bound together. Whatever fate the heavens are weaving- which I have never believed in before I met you- I refuse to play any part in breaking it.
John ignored his stiff demeanour, rising from his seat and disposing of the daily paper he’d been reading. “Is it a case?” Sherlock remained silent, his wordless response a thunderous confirmation in his ears. “Right,” John said mechanically. He resented that this was now the third case in a row that Sherlock had undergone alone. John, it turned out, had gotten accustomed to the thrill of accompanying him on those wild adventures.  “And you weren’t going to tell me?”
The stranger dragged his fingernails painstakingly along the filthy countertop, clumps of dried alcohol gathering beneath his already filthy, chipped fingernails. “They needed- They wanted a way to make it… stop.”
It felt like an eternity until, finally, a stranger poked their head through the doorway and into the silent room.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said rolling his eyes slightly, his arms folding over one another. “You’re going to throw up, pass out, or worse. The alcohol content before you combined with your height, weight, and lack of food will accumulate to-”
He spent the entirety of the concert chatting with Sherlock Holmes. The music would flare up, the crowd would cheer. More music, more cheering. Unbeknownst to the thousands of fans above, something incredible was happening on the ground level to the left of the fourth emergency exit, two doors down from the lost and found office.
Sherlock’s eyes remained downcast, blinking furiously against the onslaught of words. His mouth a hard line as John spoke, the apologies bouncing off of a stoic face that was a steel mask of indifference.
“Tell me,” said Sherlock quietly, focusing his eyes with great intent upon her, hoping the intensity of his gaze would shock her as much as his deduction. “Do you tell people it was home for four years because you’re ashamed that it took you six years to finish uni?”
- when I walked out that door. I will never be as happy anywhere as I am every moment I’m with you.”
Philip flushed, eyes going wide and landing, finally, directly upon John. “N-nothing? Why do you ask?”
“This,” he said with a grunt as he attempted to activate his abs, “is why you’re my second best friend. You’re absolutely right. I learned science, why can’t I learn love too?”
When they broke apart, John’s mouth brushed against his to whisper, “I love you too, Sherlock Holmes.”
And this was a mistake. This was an enormous mistake because there was too much stimulus and how could he focus on words when Philip’s head continued to move toward them, Sholto’s circular motions were continuous, Tobias fidgeted with his cuff, Wiggins remained still, and Greg swayed slightly under John’s arm?
“Sholto,” John said softly. Sholto’s eyes slowly came back into focus on him but John knew the imperfection was still in his mind like a tick buried under his skin. “Your conditions?”
“No!” John shouted, wishing quite desperately he could pull his hair out. “No, okay?” He felt every pair of eyes on him, their stares burning holes into him, holding him to this spot with a cumulative fury. “We joined this band to win this competition, yes? Well, I got news for the lot of you: we’re playing like shit because we’re at each other’s necks constantly. How do you propose we play as one unit if we are too busy treating each other like the enemy?”
He cemented the sentiment with the most charming smile he could muster toward Tobias, who pushed his shoulder away in annoyance, though he swore he saw his lips twitch in a fight against a smile.
Tobias stared at John for nine long seconds, his mouth working in minute motions to betray his processing mind. He looked briefly toward the other two men, who were staring at the floor but nodded their heads in agreeance with John’s words. “I can’t do it Tuesdays,” he said, speech thick with reluctance.
The man- Watson- turned toward the sound of his name and immediately sprinted over to where Mycroft stood. Less than two seconds after, however, he turned his head to the isolated bed behind Mycroft and whatever words he had been planning to direct toward Mycroft were stopped in his throat. Instead, any semblance of words left him and, tripping over himself on his way to the deceased, he released a primitive wail of loss.
Keeping his right hand on the floorboard to hold it up, Sherlock maneuvered his arm uncomfortably to allow his left hand to wrap around the box to remove it. After pulling it out, all other thoughts escaped him and he allowed the floorboard to fall with a resounding crash that caused his muscles to tighten. He didn’t particularly care for that sort of noise anymore.
In light of the truth shared at last, John tells the band of Sherlock's song and his idea to modify it for the upcoming competition.
Sherlock looked nearly ready to disagree, to argue against John’s brilliance, but instead he nodded and solemnly agreed, “Yes, that was quite impressive. Not bad at all for your first go.”
Without knowing why, John was asking for a piece of paper from an employee who smiled and wished him luck. Across the paper, he wrote:
Removing it would seal his fate for the evening. He would have to go home and give up. Getting rid of it seemed to be admitting failure, which took a strength he didn’t know if he possessed.
With shaking hands, John pulled proper trousers over himself, tucking in the button up, collared shirt into the waistband. Barely keeping it together, he provided his beloved piano with one desperate glance. He could feel the keys under his fingers as though he were actually playing. He could feel the keys fall with melody and entwine to capture his life in enveloping bliss. Shaking his head to clear thoughts of the dusty piano, he escaped the confines of his temporary home to seek the sweet relief of the outside air.
This quiet night in 221B with John was domestic bliss. The two of them, sharing their lives and space was domestic bliss. Sherlock making John’s tea exactly the way he wanted without John needed to ask was domestic bliss. John pressing his lips lightly onto his forehead before turning in every night was domestic bliss.
“As per the rules, I don’t believe I need to answer that,” Sherlock said, repeating John’s own words back to him.
And yeah, John is literally going to read the card on sexuality, hand it to Sherlock with no hesitation, and be like "ARE YOU ATTRACTED TO ME" and then they're going to do it all night.
John owed everything to him: his survival, his stubborn hope, and now even his companionship with Sherlock.
Who was this strange, unpredictable man? Defender of the underestimated, brilliantly able to know things he can’t possibly know, and widower of a secret, illegal marriage?
Who can explain it? Who can say when it started? Perhaps that very first day. Perhaps it was one year later when Victor socked a boy in the face for telling Sherlock to jump off a cliff. Perhaps it started when Victor grew into his clothes and it became apparent that he was more handsome than Sherlock had ever seen. Or perhaps it started so slowly, there was no start at all. Perhaps it crept along so slowly, Sherlock was destined to look upon Victor’s beautifully angular face with a gut-wrenching pain and think “Oh. It’s you.”
If he’d expected a shrug or other familiar motion, he’d been mistaken. Remaining still, Sholto simply turned his head to Sherlock and said, “I had nothing else to do and I prefer to arrive to my engagements early.”
Now, for the first time in his life, he was not outside the moment with a lens of analytical cynicism between himself and the world. He thought he knew now, for the first time in his life, he was a part of something.
Of all the things for a woman to do on the streets of Cardiff at night, walking alone with no provisions was one of the most foolish. The pair of them trailed her at a safe distance, keeping quiet despite frequent giggles that threatened to alert her to their presence. The chatted beneath their breaths, the time slipping away without a care. There was no clock to maintain a grip on the passage of time, but if there had been, neither would have believed that they’d passed an hour like this: trailing a client/suspect in the shadows of the city while she wandered aimlessly and they goofed off.
The truth must come out eventually. But how can Sherlock draw it out when he cannot speak the truth?
That same word that had powered him through two endless years as he infiltrated Moriarty’s network. His name had always been the resounding word that powered his will to live. It was a trigger from apathy to action, from depression to elation. The name of the man before him has sustained his life far more than he could understand.
“No” repeated Sherlock, throwing his chin up in defiance at the proposition and turning on his heels to stride from the room.
“Thank you,” he said softly, trying to memorize this exact moment, this exact brand of joy that lifted his heart to new heights.
It was not deserted outside, though it was eerily calm to his ringing ears. There appeared to only be pairs of people out here, most of them embracing one another. His fingers itched to remove the wristband that was suffocating him.
“Okay, okay,” said John, waving his white flag and stopping Sherlock from exacting any more revenge via public deductions. “Fine. I’ll drop it.”
“Now hold on just a moment,” John rushed to interrupt. “I’m not- mad. I’m not offended. I’m… confused.”
The words haunted him like fire. The threat thrived on his life, his every breath supplying it with greater power. The more he lived, the closer he was to the fruition of Moriarty’s plan.
Also, for this chapter, I was practising withholding information from the reader that the POV character already knows to build suspense and curiosity. Hope it worked! I plan on including a fair amount of it in my next novel.
He took a steadying breath, closed his eyes, and imagined the worst case scenario. In his mind, the genuine worst case scenario would be refusing to read the pages in his hand. With trembling fingers, he opened the letter and read:
Sherlock's cheeks filled with a colour he couldn’t blame on the alcohol. His eyes were wide with what John thought was intrigue but could have been terror. The distance between John and the response forming on the lips of the man was too much to handle. His heart leapt around helplessly waiting for the man to speak.
Sherlock didn’t move but stood perfectly still for so long, he wasn’t sure he would ever react. “I told you it’s fine.”
Perhaps John saw it as Sherlock leaving him, but Sherlock had never been without John for even a moment. His whole existence since the first moment they were brought together was centered around John.
His brother was absolutely insufferable since he’d abandoned his caution of emotion. This day- this absolutely dreadful day- was only making him more intolerable.
,” she cooed, sparkling eyes brimming with compassion. “Anyhow, I do think it’s about time you got out, began a new chapter and filled it with thrilling adventures.”
“What happened before- the war, the fighting, the starvation, the loss? Getting through it required brotherhood. At the end of the day, we didn’t fight to win the war, we fought to protect each other. Well, we’re in a different sort of fight now. We’re in it together. This band is founded on devoted brotherhood. Frankly, if you are willing to win this contest at the price of crawling over your fellow brothers, then you’re here for no reason at all and you can leave right now.”
,” defended John. “He can’t even read music. Plus, he skipped out on the army and sings out of tune constantly.”
John walked away from The Crescent, his legs carrying what felt like nothing at all. He was light, his heart was leaping over itself in its attempt to beat its way out of his chest. A smile tore at his lips and even as he fought to rid of it, it stubbornly remained.
me and then clear yourself of the repercussions by saying it was “for a case.” You can either kiss me or you can not kiss me. You can’t do both.”
I had a jolly good time writing this. Does this qualify as crack? I've never intentionally written crack but this might be it?
He took in a sharp breath, the air centralizing his mind to the reality of their situation. “Just go sit on the couch!” He ordered, desperately needing Sherlock to take several steps away from him. “I'll pick which one we watch.”
“Who else you got so far?” he inquired, gaze dropping as his body turned to pack away the saxophone in his hands.
John panicked. What was he going to say? He didn’t have anything to actually say, he just wanted to stop him leaving.
Stupid question. He knew precisely where he made the unforgivable turn down this doomed path he was on. He faked his death and allowed John to believe the lie. He threw a live grenade into their relationship and was surprised to find the remains of the explosion. Every moment since was a more painful step down this path of thorns. And this- this moment of blissful dreaming, this moment of lost consciousness, this brushing alongside the veil of life and death- was the end of the road.
Regardless of the confirmation, John shifted his weight slightly to provide a perceived increase in comfort. A shaking breath escaped him to steady his nerves, to calm his panicked mind. The paint brush was trembling in his hands, the heat from Sherlock’s body emanating from beneath him to provide him with a comforting sense of closeness that he so desperately craved.
He strained his ears for any audible hint that the events of today were keeping Sherlock up, but it was a silent night at 221B. He imagined he could hear the snowflakes hit his bedroom window one by one, building on top of other, more resilient snowflakes. He imagined hearing footsteps pacing in tight circles, a physical manifestation that somehow helped Sherlock process the frantic activity of his own mind. He imagined a crackling fire being built in the sitting room, a source of warmth to accompany Sherlock as he sat awake.
“John,” Sherlock said one last time, barely taking in air. When John opened his eyes, he saw a crazed desperation in Sherlock that hadn’t been there before. “Please.
