“This is not a goodbye, brother. I promise.” Dark clouds circle above them, looming like shadow figures about to break open.
“Yes, that would be nice,” Cas replied, snagging a book from the pile on the desk.
"Were you and your husband having any marital problems—"
“Fuck. I’m never drinking again,” he lies, straightening himself and making his way over to the sink. He fishes out the mouthwash from the cabinet and sloshes some around in his mouth, all while feeling Cas’s eyes on him like a physical thing.
"I'm glad you're here, Cas," Dean murmurs, his own voice barely audible.
Elijah shakes his head, "Castiel, you can't be out here alone."
“You need a few more hours?” Sam quips, scrolling through his phone as if Dean’s not having a crisis over Movie⏤well
"Fuck, I missed you." Dean's eyes were almost dark from want.
that helped people make decisions simply by removing one of the options. I mean, it checks out. There isn't much in the books. This is as close as we've got," he said, mid-wince as Dean cleaned up the wound on his arm. Cas’s face morphed into a pained expression, his eyes flitting back to the wound.
“Hey, don’t move.”
“We will try our best, ma’am,” Dean patted her shoulder. “Take care of yourself.”
The man opens his mouth to speak, but is pushed aside by a burlier man wearing denim from head to toe, “I’ll take pretty boy here.”
“Care for a game?” he asks, tripping on his feet a little to give off the impression of someone on the right side of drunk.
“Dean’s about to call the Netflix office to ask for recommendations,” his pain in the ass brother yaps. Asshole.
"Goddammit," Dean grips the phone tighter, ears throbbing with the sound of blood rushing in them. "What did the doctor say?"
Cas smiles a little wider at that and lifts the spoon to his lips to take a small sip, his eyes falling closed and shoulders sagging further low into the back of the couch. Dean tears his eyes away, inspecting his own bowl of soup with newfound curiosity.
"This is a terrible idea!" Dean bellowed, first thing as they walked into the motel.
"Figured. Are you good to help me get him to the car?"
“We just finished what we started,” he shrugged. “I know it’s a lot to wrap your head around at once.”
“Who? Your girlfriend?”
"Dig in, Cas," Dean says, grabbing his own bowl.
“Your safety,” Cas answered without missing a beat. Those stupid big blue eyes are sincere as it can be, because Cas never simply
"We just arrived from Italy." Michael said.
“Just let me know when you need help and I’ll come over.”
Castiel frowned, tugging Dean to look at him with a hand on his shoulder, "Are you hurt somewhere?"
"Oh, for fucks sake," Dean shoved past him. "I'm trying my best here to keep you safe—"
. He out and about said sorry for Dean’s fuck up and it was more than Dean could take.
"Do you think there might be some left down there?" Nemiah asks.
“You seem to be deep in thought,” Cas’s voice broke him out of his head, always the knowing one.
“Run all you want, Sammy.” Dean laughs when Sam flips him the bird.
Cas let out a sound of protest, "I miss you."
"Did you know she was seeing someone?" Dean asks, trying to duck Jo's hand and poke her.
"Good, 'cause it's gross." He replied. "What about you?"
"Yeah, that's good," Dean nods to no one. "Don't work yourself up, she's a tough cookie. And if it's anything to go by their uncle, the baby is a tougher one."
"She coulda fit him on the door so I don't feel bad, it's on her," Dean shrugs.
"That's freakin' peachy but I need something to do," Dean groused. "Jesus, is this what being a regular Joe feels like?"
It was not that Dean was dumb, but sometimes it takes a while for his brain to fire the proper signals. So he was standing there, staring at his brother until it clicked.
The journey to hell is cumbersome, and Castiel finds all those years of his training inadequate as he lowers himself to pit. Millions of souls cry out to him, trying to reach him like moths to the fire. Castiel’s entire being cries out in agony as innumerable pleas reach his ears, but he keeps flying. None of the souls he met so far are the righteous man’s, then again, Castiel does not know what his soul looks like. His orders stated that he would know it when he sees it, so Castiel keeps flying. He keeps heading forward to some mysterious direction that his non corporeal self takes him, as though some intangible force, so raw and powerful, is calling out to him. Fire and ache rips and pulls at his grace, threatening to annihilate him but Castiel does not waver, he does not stop until his eyes fall on it.
“And you would have let me, Bobby?” Sam asks.
Dean doesn't bother denying or trying to find out how Cas knew even without looking at him.
"Want to get something off your chest?"
“Disobedience leads to fall, I will be lost. Following orders is all I know, Dean.” Castiel says, “I have been alive since the beginning of time and always knew I was expendable. One or the other day, I will have to give up my life. That did not matter if I was sacrificing myself fighting for the good. At one point in my mission to rescue you, I thought I might be approaching my final moments. It did not frighten me because you were and still are everything that represents good, Dean. It would only have been an honor.” He feels Dean’s hand on his shoulder, the touch warm like that occasional ray of sunlight on a cold afternoon. “And now, the line between good and evil is non existent.”
"Dean, wait—"
“Oh, don’t listen to her, sweetie,” Linda comes out of the kitchen, two mugs in her hand. “You know how kids are with their imaginary friends and all that.’’
Do leave kudos and comments! See you next week.
“Dean, there is no point wasting time taking blame for something you couldn’t stop.” Castiel puts a safe distance between them, knowing the man can require space to sort out his feelings. “We will find Sam. They won’t hurt him, he is their leverage.”
“There you are! I missed you quite a lot,” she says sweetly. “How’s humanity treating you? Is Dean being a nuisance already?”
Oh fuck, he hurt Cas again.
“I promised you I would do the right thing, Dean.” The heaviness in those words makes something snap like a dry twig in his chest.
"You think we would've just jumped on your wagon of lies just like that?" Dean barks, "This whole thing stinks, you acting like you're being helpful while it's all some scheme-"
"Fuck off or I'll start throwing my shoes," she grouses, the words nothing but fond.
Sam hums absently, "Bye, Dean."
Oh, he’s not even started. “This whole hell shindig was just another metal rod to my already busted up tail light of a life, man. I’m broken and no matter how hard you try to justify, it doesn’t magically fix squat.”
He reaches out, brushing his touch against the brightly burning soul. The world dissolves around him.
Jo goes quiet and that's enough to know Dean must look worse than what he feels. Eileen is standing in front of the cart cradling three packets of Haribo in her hand like it is her yet to be born kid.
"I know." Sam sighed softly. "She's it for me, Dean."
“Yeah,” he nodded, setting his jaw. “Get Terra and get out of this town. Go build a life.”
"Morning, Mr. Novak." Dean nipped at his jaw in an attempt to wake the man up.
"You don't have to if you're not ready." Cas says.
“You know what, sweetheart? We’ll go talk to her, okay?” Dean assures. “Until then, me and Cas will be your friends.”
“Sure.” Cas nodded, turning back to Dean. “I will talk to you soon.”
Check out my other works
Dean feels a shudder leave his chest, Castiel's words landing there instead, too heavy for Dean to stand up straight. "Get some rest, Cas." He applies the last bit of bandage below Castiel's collar bone, and stands up.
"It was Louisa," Dean hurried, pulling Cas along. "I mean, it was her but she's not the witch."
he was saying all this right now. Something about Cas makes him feel like—for the first time in his life—he doesn't have to be the shoulder everyone leans on.
“There was nothing you could have done,” Dean reminds him.
Dean has heard the myths and legends. He has heard the stories from eye witnesses, the accounts of first hand interactions from the kind of people he would least expect to spew nonsense.
“Rowena must’ve emailed it by now.”
– I mean,
“I will remember that when I fish out G-strings and bras from under the couch cushions.” Castiel replied.
"Before you met me did you believe in angels?" Cas asks, the abrupt change of subject giving Dean whiplash, even when it's not the first time this has happened.
"In my defense, it is an appropriate location for a third date," he mutters. "Penny was eager to know about our romantic history and I had to improvise."
"Faster, Cas." Dean chokes out. "Fuck me good."
"That's very considerate of you, Dean," Cas says, and not a trace of sarcasm on his tone. "Is it very far?"
Castiel's fingers tighten around his, "Am I expected to draw some lesson from this story?"
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"The EMF was going berserk so we know it’s a ghost, though we can’t be sure it’s the daughter." Sam says, "It's not like her parents were involved in her death."
“No,” Cas says, eyes fixed somewhere over Dean’s left shoulder. “Not exactly.”
“Actually, cavemen hunted and ate raw meat. Not salads and vegetables as you are implying,” Cas supplied nonchalantly.
"The hell are you doing out here?"
Dean felt something stir deep in his chest, the words like a bucket of ice over his head. Deep inside, Dean knew Cas was too good for him. But, that didn't stop it from hurting.
"Cas." Dean snaps his fingers in front of his face. "Sorry, I shouldn't have brought it up."
“Here. Living with my memories.” She shrugs. “At least, I’d hope so.”
“It’s office hours.” Castiel tossed the keys to his brother. “If I find any traffic offenses, I will end you.”
"Good point," Dean agrees with a nod of his head, "come on then, are we watching the baby movie or not?" he asks, his tone teasing and light.
"It's February," Gabriel says out of nowhere.
Cas saw Dean on his way and picked up the pace, running to meet him. "Hey," he said.
"Great," Dean says, "now, are you going to come out and meet people tonight? Or are you still planning on spending the night with a book?" he makes sure to keep his words light, even though he can't help his fingers from crossing. He needs to go out and make some new friends, but he still wants to keep Cas around.
"Onion and pineapple? On pizza?" Dean asks, trying to keep his tone neutral and hide any and all disgust. But seriously? Who eats pineapple on pizza? Or onion on pizza? Never mind them together?
Cas kisses him softly for a moment, then pulls back, still holding Dean's hands. "Let's go."
As Sam walks into the kitchen, Gabriel's hanging up the phone. "So he's coming?" Sam asks quietly.
“The two of you are adorable together,” says the cashier, the fourth person to tell them that since they arrived at the store.
Cas stared at him, unexpectedly touched by this expression of intense protectiveness. "At least buy me dinner first, Dean," he tried to joke. "Before you decide to go to war on my behalf."
Dean flushes, trying to think of something to say, but the only thing that pops into his head is "your eyes
Cas sighs as Dean disappears into the bathroom. "Goodnight, Dean," he mutters to himself before falling asleep.
"Bobby and Crowley, I don't think I've told you before."
"Hey, don't do that," Dean mutters, trying to fix his hair back into place.
"I offered to let him crash on my couch," Gabriel told him. "I live right down the street and I walked here."
"But why would you-" Cas groans in frustration. He doesn't understand Dean and Dean doesn't understand him and his neurodivergence is making everything that much worse. "
Dean wakes up the next morning to find light streaming annoyingly onto his face, and the warmth of Cas' chest below his head. This feels so right that it scares Dean just a little. Because he knows he can't have this, not truly.
Sam takes his wrist and drags him to their own car. Dean is being far too quiet for Cas's liking as Cas drives them back to their dorm. "Are you alright?"
"You ok?" Dean asks, noticing that Cas looks vaguely sad. Damn it. He was supposed to stop the conversation before Cas could get sad, but it looks like he was too late.
"What do you mean?" Dean asks slowly, "I literally showed you my scars and my tattoos."
Cas shrugged. "Alright, that makes sense then."
Cas gets Dean's off and pulls back to remove his own, then pauses. "Dean," he whispers. "You have- you have tats."
Charlie notices Cas freeze up, and turns her head to see what he is looking at. For some reason which she can't be sure of - and it can't be she was wrong about him liking Cas - Dean is kissing Lisa. Or Lisa is kissing Dean, it's hard to tell and Charlie is not planning to watch for long enough to find out.
"What about her?" Bobby demands. "What's wrong, boy?"
Cas grins. "Good. I look forward to it as well."
"Yeah I'm fine," Dean assures with a smile, resolving himself. He has no idea why he's acting so weird, but it's an easy fix. Get changed, brush his hair, go and meet new people and voilà everything is normal again. "Last chance to join me," he says with a grin as he stands at the door, about to leave and yet unable to go quite yet.
Dean feels all the tension in his body slip away the second Cas curls up next to him. They aren't even properly touching yet, and Dean is already like putty just from being near Cas. He can already tell he's screwed. But now is not the time for thinking about that, now is the time for just reveling in the feeling, and worrying about it tomorrow.
"You met each other yesterday," Cas points out.
Cas finally looks at him. "I am aware that you are attracted to me, but if all you want is to 'get into my pants'-" he does the air-quotes "you wouldn't have gone to all this trouble. No one is nice to me just for the hell of it. So tell me, Dean Winchester, why exactly are you making such a point to care?"
"Yes. If you would prefer not to tell me I will respect that, after all, I am your brand-new friend. But I would really like to hear it, if you're interested." Cas cares about him, even though he barely knows him. Something about him is... special, unique,
Cas walks around the front and takes his hand, gently leading him up the stairs to their apartment. "Oh," he says eloquently when he opens the door. "You really weren't kidding. Have you eaten at all?"
"Yeah, did you not mean to?" Dean says, getting more and more confused.
"Well, as you have already learned today," Cas declared, "I'm not most people."
Charlie's eyebrows shoot up. "Oh?"
Dean takes his clothes into the bathroom, grabbing his toothbrush and saying, "I'll be three minutes, you better be dressed by the time I'm out."
Dean glares at him. "I hate it when you take away all of my reasoning to be mad at your life choices."
Cas grins. "That's awesome."
"Cool," Dean nods, "Is there one close to here? I haven't had time to look around yet."
"Alright," Dean says, leaning forwards and pressing his forehead against the bed, "I'll remember that for future reference," he breathes deeply another couple of times before saying, "my bio dad was - to put it lightly - an asshole. It just turned out that at times, he became a bit of a," he pauses, "asshole asshole," he finishes awkwardly.
He comes back to himself furiously, incredibly fast and abrupt, with a jolt that almost knocks him off his feet. And the world slowly resumes turning just the way it was before.
"I'm sure you are. I'll have to ask your brother about that."
"Everything ok?" Dean asks, already picking up his pajamas and shower things, "you just going to stand there all night?"
Cas tries to shrug it off. "You like it, don't you?" he teases, grinning and poking Dean in the ribs as he slides back into the bed, feeling the solid warmth of Dean against his side. "I think you like a kid's movie, Mr. Mature Adult Too-Cool-For-School College Student." He doesn't know where he picked these phrases up, but they're coming in handy.
"Unless there is anything else you desperately want to know, can we just go to sleep now?" Dean asks, enjoying how safe he is feeling, with Cas' arms around him.
"Me? Why are you watching me? Am I that annoying?" Dean jokes, even though the thought of that being true, hurts in a way nothing ever should.
"Because I relate to your brother," Cas said quietly. "And I know you're a better brother than mine, but those are all things I will never have the courage to say to Michael, so I said them to you. I'm sorry."
Cas hugs him back contentedly, loving the feeling of Dean slumping against him. "You can go back to sleep if you want. Or we can keep talking."
"Me too," Cas says happily, smiling at his friend.
His throat closes up, he stares at the floor.
, Cas reads. "I said that to you. In the hospital." Dean nods. Cas rolls up his own sleeve. "You'd rather have me," he reminds his friend. "Cursed or not."
Gabriel sighs. "This place smells like vomit and BO. You gotta talk to Cas."
"This is all I own," Cas told him. "I have what I'm wearing and the suit."
"Yeah," Gabe tells him. "You guys work your shit out."
"I think I'll get onions and pineapple," Cas decides.
"Well, it's not a secret if you tell us, now is it?" Charlie asks, grinning. They both turn to Cas, who swallows.
"You know that thing apparently has weird side effects," Gabe says with a grin, "sometimes it's fine, sometimes people claim that you can end up with depression, headaches, dizziness, the works."
"Hmmmm," Dean replies, deciding that although they definitely have to talk about this later, later is not now.
He lets go. "We should return to campus," he says as evenly as he can. As soon as Dean nods, picks up the bags and starts to load them into Baby's trunk, Cas turns away from him and rolls up his sleeve. There, on his arm, in gorgeous cursive, are the words that used to be black and are now, inexplicably, bright green.
Dean laughs, walking over to Cas with a hairbrush, "I can help," he offers.
"Me," Cas said simply.
Cas cocked his head to one side. "Is that how you often describe yourself? 'Exceptionally straight'?"
Dean gestures at Cas, "you see, you two have clearly gotten the wrong end of the stick here."
“We don’t,” Dean agrees. “It’d make things more complicated anyway. But we should probably agree on how we got together.”
Dean walks into the store, looking around at all the different sections before heading towards the man's section. He quickly glances behind him to make sure Cas is following, he doesn't want to get split up from Cas in the very depths of a clothing store.
"I don't know yet," Cas replied curtly.
Cas watches Dean's face change and assumes it can't be anything good. He waits for Dean to tell him if he wants to.
"You push me away. Incessantly. It's quite annoying."
Dean grimaces slightly, "yeah and can I please never do that again, that was not fun." He thinks for a moment, trying to figure out what he wants to do. There is one obvious thing which stands out to him, he's just not sure if it's a good idea. Cas is his soulmate, but that just complicates the problems Dean was already having before he found out.
"Well at least I'm good at something."
"I can't tell if you are saying that because you think I'm questioning it, or because whatever lies in your house is going to make me question it."
Cas chuckles. "I was messing with you. I apologize. I am autistic so my jokes don't always go through."
"Yeah," Dean repeats slowly. He remembers that, he just doesn't know why it is important.
“Thank you,” Castiel replies politely despite the tediousness while Dean flushes – and not from the cold. Cas puts his arm around Dean’s waist as Dean pays, and it takes Dean four tries to get his card to read, his hands are shaking so bad. Cas decides not to call attention to it.
"Why not? What would be so bad about him wanting you?" Charlie replies with a frown.
fault."
"What? About times I fucked up?"
"That sounds annoying," Gabe says, squeezing his hand again.
"Yeah," Dean repeats blankly, climbing out of the car slowly and just standing next to it, not moving any closer to the house.
"Technically illegal," Dean reminds him. "I get up in your business because you make dumbass decisions like this!"
"Dean, I believe you have appendicitis," Cas told him. "I'm going to call an ambulance."
Dean glares at the floor, as if he can blame it for the mess his brain appears to be in. It's not his fault, it's the floor. That's all. He is not attracted to his new best friend. Of course not, that would be weird, and - he's just not.
Cas doesn't know why Dean feels responsible for that, but he appreciates it. He smiles. "Well it looks like I've already made one."
They're interrupted by yet another phone call. Cas groans and rolls off of Dean, grabbing his phone. It's Sam. "What?"
"Well, there are a lot of people here," Cas pointed out.
Cas takes his hand. "I understand if you're disoriented. You're in the hospital, recovering from an appendectomy. I'm covering your hospital bills, so don't worry. Are you feeling alright?"
"Ughhhhh," Dean repeats, closing his eyes, "you choose something, I'm too tired."
Cas curls into his side, just as he does every day, and laughs at Dean's utter reluctance to move.
Cas rubs his shoulder comfortingly, not minding that Dean falls asleep. He loves watching him. He wonders if Dean would think that was creepy. He probably would, but Cas doesn't really care.
Four and a half minutes later Dean emerges from the bathroom with clean clothes and clean teeth, "alright, let's go," he says, grabbing his shoes.
Dean snorts, flipping his brother off back in response, as he finishes up his pancakes and drinks the last of his coffee, wincing at the bitterness of the dregs at the bottom.
Dean laughs, unable to hold it in when Cas is using such a serious tone while he asks about whether his car is his child.
Cas shrugs. "Alright. If that is what you claim."
"Probably," Dean replies with a shrug, "but why would I hate him? Why did he think I did?"
"Whatever you want," Cas replies. "Although we do seem to really enjoy watching movies together."
Sam chewed his egg, watching them thoughtfully. Without looking away, he asked, "you believe 'em?"
"I'll be right outside to drag you there, how bout that?" Gabe counters. "You have ten minutes."
Dean’s smile doesn’t falter at all, but something dies behind his eyes, some door slamming shut in his mind, perhaps. And as Castiel walks past him to drape his half-frozen coat by the fire, he thinks he must feel a gust of cold wind emanating from his friend. He’s sure he imagined it, but it almost seems the same cold that whips the wind around him outside, the same cold that birthed the miniature icicles clinging to the fur lining of his coat and that fogged up all the windshields on the line of cars outside.
"Wow, they really are soulmates," Dean mutters.
"What?" Dean asks, instantly on edge.
. He can't think properly. If he says anything else he'll probably fuck it all up. He wasn't good at communicating in the first place.
"You've met him," Cas points out. "I can't function around him. He's a smokeshow."
Cas slides closer so they're connected from shoulder to ankle. "If you want."
Cas smiled, huffing out a quiet laugh. "That's my brother. Tell him hi for me will you."
"I'm not judging you," Dean says quickly, "well, maybe a little. But only because the character was based off you. I'm mainly just surprised. You don't come across as the type of person who reads – never mind writes - gay fanfiction."
Cas takes a deep breath. Dean doesn't really want this, does he? Not with Cas.
Cas glances at the screen. "Which Avengers? Please don't say Age of Ultron."
Cas snorted as he unlocked the door to their room. "Now, don't go getting all philosophical on me when we've barely known each other two hours. I need to-" He turned around and came chest-to-chest with someone new - the tall, beautiful one from the photographs. "Would you look at that, I've found the infamous brother. That wasn't so hard. Hello, I'm Castiel, Dean's roommate."
"Yeah," Dean agrees, trying to shake his wishful fancies out of his head, "let's go."
"Was that better?" Cas asks smugly when he pulls away.
"Okay," Cas replies. "But I am your friend, and if you need me I will help you."
"What time's the party?" Dean asks from where he is still laying on the bed.
Cas sighs. "Not really, but I doubt that that is a conversation we should have in your car. Or this early on in our relationship."
"I think so," Cas replies.
"How do you even know that?" Dean asks, "actually never mind, I'm just going to mark it down as 'nerd' and move on."
"Really?" Dean asks in shock, "but why? Why would you do that for me?"
"What are friends?" Cas jokes. "And I've already explored all of campus and I know where my classes are."
Cas takes his hand distractedly, unable to tear his eyes away from Dean's face. "Castiel," he manages to say.
"Um," Dean says, trying to figure out how to answer. He trusts Cas - trusts his more than he's ever trusted anyone other than family before - and he can tell that Cas cares about him, but he is also not sure he
"I am trustworthy," Gabe replies at the exact same moment Dean tenses up, glancing between his brother and Gabe, trying to figure out what Cas had noticed. There was something off, he could tell that, but he wasn't quite sure what yet.
Cas nods. He shouldn't have expected anything else. It was fine. They didn't have to talk about it, and they could still be friends.
"Dad," Dean gasps, "It's Baby, I got a voicemail."
"Yeah, I didn't realize I was coming either," Dean laughs, "I just ended up turning up."
"Okay," Cas breathes, suddenly getting caught up in the kiss again. "Maybe talk later?" he suggests.
"Six inches too far Cas," Dean says, trying to keep a straight face and a serious voice, despite how cute Cas looks when he rolls his eyes. Wait? What? Cas isn't cute. Damn it, Dean is meant to be avoiding thoughts like this, even if Cas is his soulmate, there isn't a future for them. No point getting any hopes up or anything.
Dean goes back to his blinking. His mind appears to have turned off and talking is definitely out of the question.
Dean glared at the floor, not saying anything. He didn't have anything to use to defend himself, but that doesn't mean he wanted all his problems laid out on the table.
"I thought we were... what's the phrase? 'Screwing around'?" Cas looked at him in confusion. "Did I misread this interaction?"
"Later," Dean says, pausing a moment before adding, "bitch."
"I am... 'decent'," Cas says, trying to refrain from doing the air quotes. Dean always ridicules him for them.
"Tell me about it," Dean says with a grin, "then again, Castiel isn't much better."
“Yes you would,” Cas says smugly, like he was banking on Dean thinking that. (He absolutely was.)
"I will pay for your car," Cas says immediately.
"Because... we're in a private space? Is one not supposed to change in one's bedroom?"
you to take care of yourself. What happened to you?"
Cas leads Dean to the Mod about a block away and they get in the line. "What are you getting?" he asks.
"Huh, that's a length of time," Dean mutters, not even sure if it's longer than he expected or shorter. After all, every second without Cas feels like eternity, but at the same time everything's just been blurring together and becoming one long eternity of pain.
“I’ll do it,” Dean declares, but he’s definitely not happy about it. Cas doesn’t care, cause he’s fairly certain Dean will be soon.
"Heya baby bro," Gabe calls, sauntering into the room, "oooh, what's got your face on fire? Have I interrupted something?"
"Great," Dean smiles, practically dragging Cas through the door and towards the drinks table, hoping that a couple of drinks might help Cas relax a bit.
"It's okay," Cas says quickly. "You don't have to tell me."
Dean laughs, standing in front of Cas and gently taming his hair with the brush. It doesn't end up perfect, but it's better than before. "There you go," he says with a smile, trying to ignore how soft Cas' hair looks.
"No," Dean says quietly, "high school wasn't a great time for me and that didn't exactly leave me with a great view of the texts." He doesn't know why he is being so vulnerable around Cas, he's only just met the guy, but here he is.
Sam laughs. "You're idiots for falling in love with each other when you both have other soulmates."
"I think you'll say some dumb shit and he won't be able to tell you're joking and he'll never be able to open himself to love ever again. Because you're his soulmate, and he's desperately in love with you."
Cas rolls his eyes at the goofy way Dean grins at him and slides into the car, hiding his smile.
"You ok?" Dean asks. He knows that it's probably a dangerous conversation to get started, but Cas seems so sad, and he can't just ignore him.
Dean glances at Sam.
"Ok," Dean says, reaching up and grabbing it off the shelf, "any reason or do you just like it?"
Dean's head rests against his shoulder and Cas smiles a little at how surprised he is. He dumps him onto his bed and starts to take off his coat.
Dean pays as much attention to the road as he can. He wants to look at Cas, feels the need building in his chest, but he doesn't. Because he can't. Because if he looks he won't be able to look away again and that's a very bad idea while driving.
it. I suppose... Dean, I'm in love with you," he says finally. "I already told you that."
"...so then she says she's got a boyfriend, stands up, and leaves! Leaves her jacket behind and everything, her shirt's still hanging off one shoulder and her camisole is ripped." She turns to Cas and Dean. "Heya! I'm Charlie."
"I know I sound like a broken record, but why? Why do you care?"
Cas swallows hard again. "Um. My oldest brother Michael took over when our father died. He treats us like garbage. He's beaten me more than a few times. And I idolized him my whole life, and he's never cared. He has control of my father's entire inheritance - well over a million dollars - and refuses to share a dime with me to pay for college because he thinks my field isn't worth pursuing."
Sam mouths, so he does. He runs up on the stage during the instrumentals. “I uh. I can’t sing it in Halsey’s octave,” he admits, chuckling.
"Yeah, pretty much," Sam replies with a grin.
Sam paused. "If, uh... if that's alright with you. Gabriel."
"Nerd," Dean responds as seriously as he can, nodding his head and trying his best to keep a straight face.
And... Dean. Cas likes Dean, liked him instantly when they met, and thinks he'll be perfectly happy with Dean as his roommate for the year. Cas likes to say Dean's name, likes the way it sounds, how it feels in his mouth. He isn't sure what he's feeling, but he wonders if it is, as he suspects, the beginning of something more intense than he's experienced before.
As soon as he gets into his room, Dean flops onto his bed, exhaustion settling into his bones from the long day. "Ughhhhhh," he says closing his eyes and thanking just about everything that he was finally back home.
As the minor you had illegal underage sex with I can't represent you in a court of law? That's ridiculous. I don't remember that in Hamilton."
"Ok," Dean breathes, trying to calm his beating heart, "I'll be alright then," he says with a tight smile.
Gabe grins, looking at the retreating backs of their brothers as they walk around the corner and vanish form view, "something tells me we will know sooner rather than later."
Cas turns his back. He can't keep looking at Dean or he'll do something stupid like kiss him. "Sorry."
"What-" Dean starts helplessly. He has no idea where he is is going with his sentence, just like he has no idea what's happening. Cas was saying he thought they would be something. Thought. Past tense. Cas doesn't think they can be something anymore? And he doesn't want to see Dean for the next five months?
Cas nods. Part of him wishes Dean would see him changing - he wonders what kind of reactions it would elicit.
"Yep," Cas muttered. "Thankfully mine are not super generic, but they are also very weird."
Dean glances away from the window he had been looking out, finding Cas' eyes glued to him. "You ok?" he asks, feeling slightly uncomfortable under the piercing gaze.
Warm arms envelop him and he nearly sobs. Even after twenty years with Dean, his touch starvation is still very prominent and sometimes he can’t bear to be touched at all without breaking down. But he needs it, he needs it so desperately. He leans into Dean’s solid, larger body, desperate for any comfort Dean wants to give him. And oh, does Dean give it. He gives Cas all the comfort he never knew he needed.
"Not for a second," Gabriel replied without missing a beat.
"What do you mean?"
"Ok," Dean says, "and you say that like it'll be a problem because?"
"Ok," Dean says with a smile, finishing off the last bite of his pizza, "in that case, I'm looking forward to swapping pie with you."
The next several weeks are absolute torture for Dean. He reacts in the weirdest ways to Cas and his whole body is on fire every time Cas comes close to him. And then randomly, five weeks into classes, the torture becomes physical.
"Why would I shove you off? I do want to kiss you," Dean says, "when have I ever even suggested that I didn't want to kiss you?"
Cas laughs. "Do you trust your brother? Because he seems to have a certain amount of distaste for your connection with your car."
"Exactly," Dean says, gesturing at their two brothers, "I need help here man." Gabriel smiles, a wicked glint already starting to sparkle in his eyes, "well I can definitely help there. What do you think Cas? Should I tell him about the time with the rabbit? Or the time you got addicted to that TV show?"
Cas can't quite make eye contact with Dean as they make their way into the restaurant. (If an In 'N' Out can be called a restaurant)
"What?" Dean asks self-consciously, fiddling with his t-shirt. He knows that he hadn't exactly been looking after himself amazingly, but the way Cas is staring at him makes him feel like Cas can see his very soul.
"Yeah," Gabe agrees, "let's go."
Sam kisses his temple and hits the gas.
"Twenty minutes!" Gabe shouts back. "After dinner we're going to karaoke."
"You don't sound very sure," Dean points out gently.
"Dean," Cas says from across the room. "Hang up the phone."
than it was before now that his father is dead...
Cas follows Dean through the whole store, and they finally stop in the men's section. "Help me," he implores his friend.
Dean manages half a burger before he feels like he can eat no more. He knows he's letting everyone down, but he already feels sick from eating so much.
Dean frowns, his heart breaking at the sight in front of him and something inside of him screaming that he has to put it back to right. He slowly stands up and shuffles over until he's standing right in front of Cas' hunched over form. He drops to the ground, so his head is level with Cas' and says as gently as he can, "take your time, just try to say what you want to say, you have as long as you need," he tries his best to suppress the urge to lean his head against either Cas' head or his knee, instead just sitting there and waiting patiently.
Dean feels his heart stutter. Cas sounds so sad and Dean feels awful at the very notion that it was his words which caused it. "I'm sorry," Dean replies equally quietly, "I didn't mean for that to sound rude. Your name suits you, it's just not exactly common."
Cas nods slowly. "It's a trench coat. I like it."
"Oh, that changes things," Charlie says, ever so slightly taken aback. But then she actually thinks things through, and she smiles, "actually never mind, I don't know why I didn't realize that earlier. But in that case why is it a bad thing?"
"Yeah, it's just fun isn't it," Dean says, even though he knows deep down the main reason he likes watching movies with Cas, is because they always end up sitting pressed up together to see the screen.
"Yeah that's perfect," Dean says with a grin, "let's just grab you some jeans and possibly a sweater or two and then get out of here."
"So what, you think we've done something?" Cas asks slowly, "because we actually haven't."
to me, Sammy!" Dean declares angrily.
Sam's mouth falls slightly open as he realizes what he just said. Sam's entire life, all Dean's ever done was try to take care of him, give him everything he wanted. All Sam's ever done was take advantage of him and how much he cared. Dean didn't talk to Crowley for almost three months after he and Bobby adopted them, and Sam never even thought to ask him why. He is a terrible brother. "Fuck," he whispers. "Dean, I didn't-"
"Ok," Dean says, patting Cas on the shoulder before getting into line, grabbing his card out to buy Cas' new clothes.
Dean nods, changing flannels and pulling on a jacket. "I'm good, Cas, you good?"
"Thanks?" Dean says, hesitantly climbing out of the car and staring up at Gabe's house. He knows that Cas is either away, or in there, and suddenly he feels terrified. Suddenly all he wants to do is turn tail and escape.
"Yeah," Dean says slowly, "is this your way of saying you want to watch a comedy, or are you judging me?"
"No one, I'm just hungry."
Dean almost trips over his feet when Cas grabs his hand, but he manages to keep on balance and keep walking, not giving away how shocked he is. Cas is just making sure he doesn't get lost, that's all, and to be honest Dean is glad. He doesn't want to lose Cas either.
"You remember yesterday when you left your phone in here?"
"Okay," Dean says, picking up his phone. That was not where he expected this to be going, but then again what had he expected? Cas to say it was a mistake and he actually did like him? Yeah right, Cas liking him was the mistake there. He grabbed his phone, opening the voicemails and seeing that Cas was right, one unopened voice mail.
"So Sam, why didn't you head back with Pops and Dad?" he asks, now that the worry of Cas and Sam meeting is out the way.
Cas puts ever so slight pressure on the spot and feels the small raised bump under his skin. "You definitely have appendicitis. I'm taking you to the hospital. We can't afford an ambulance, I need the keys to your car."
Dean holds up his phone. “Notes app. Super helpful.”
"Ok, so basically none," Dean nodded, "in that case we will start with tees and work out way around."
Dean huffs a laugh, "I thought you were against needless violence."
And now, because of this, Castiel is going to lose him.
"Damn," Dean says, blinking a couple of times, "how have you managed to do all that already?" Dean had only just arrived and he thought that Cas had only been here for a bit longer, but apparently he's wrong.
"Ok, I'll give him that," Dean agrees with a nod, "but you can still read me better than him."
"Bye Charlie," Dean says with a small wave, "we'll see you around." He nods to Cas and then Dean starts walking back through the crown with Cas trailing behind him.
"Alright," Dean says, grabbing his jacket and slowly walking to the car, climbing into the backseat.
Cas nods. "Thank you, Dean." Because Cas knows not all soulmates are requited, and it seems very likely that Dean does not love him back and has another soulmate that is decidedly not Cas. He resolves to double his efforts to keep Dean out of his bed.
"I was just scared," Cas admits, pulling Dean close.
"No, of he doesn't want to talk to me, I'm going to respect his choice, not try to trick him."
Sam sticks out his tongue like a six-year-old. "Jerk."
"You didn't do this, I did this."
Dean makes a sound of indignation, feeling like he still needs to make sure Cas realizes that he's really not worth changing his life for, but the kiss swallows everything up, leaving only the love he feels for Cas, and the joy he has at them being there together.
"There we go then, time to get ready," Cas says with a frown, walking into the bathroom.
Dean frowns, well there goes acting normal. "Ok, I'll just go say bye to them," he mutters, practically sprinting out the door and down to find his parents. There is no way in Hell he's staying with Sam and Cas after
"Yeah?" Cas asks amusedly.
Dean shrugs. "Nothing I didn't deserve," he says simply, picking at a loose thread on his sleeve.
"Yeah, and also every time he sees it's me calling him, he hangs up on me. Or worse, just doesn't answer at all."
Cas sighs and closes the door softly behind himself. "I love you, Dean," he whispers to it.
even is. "Anyway," Dean says, deciding that a topic change is in order, “what's your favorite pie flavor?" It is a very important question after all, it isn't like he can be friends with someone who doesn't like pie.
"Yes you did, and I said it back," Dean points out, "what else could you possibly have to say, more earth shattering than that, which will ruin everything that matters?"
Cas cocks his head to the side. He'd been hoping to start a conversation, not get a curt, barely passable answer. "I'm from nowhere," Cas admits. "I like learning about the English language and reading, and I have no friends because I'm exceptionally awkward and, as I've mentioned, most everyone finds me odd and other. I'm used to it. I have about one thousand siblings and no mother, and my family is garbage, with the exception of my older brother Gabriel."
"Alright," Dean agrees, unsure where this change of topic came from, but willing to roll with it. "Are we going to say bye to our brothers, or are we just going to head off?"
Dean blushes darkly, curling into himself subconsciously as he tries to figure out how to answer, "Um," he mutters, "you need to finish getting ready, we have to head out in a minute." He quickly turns around, avoiding answering the question and hiding his red face from Cas' view.
"Honestly same!" Dean says with a laugh, "I'll instantly know who my soulmate is, because I can't imagine anyone saying my words. So if they are said, then I know I've found them."
"Sam and my initials, the dragon represents bravery," Dean explains, "I got that one a couple of months after leaving out bio-dad's. I'd been drawing it on paper for a while, and I decided I wanted it on my skin."
"I'm fine," Cas says, forcing the fake smile he learned from Dean onto his face. "Let's just watch the movie."
"We won't, will we?"
"Hey Cas," Dean says, looking up from his Netflix browsing to see that somehow Cas has crossed the room and is now standing next to him, without Dean noticing. "You need something?"
"Because you made out with a random girl at a random party immediately following a much steamier makeout session with him. And he's autistic. And he has no idea how to read social cues."
Finally they reach the end of his final class and Cas sighs with relief, packing up his bags and sprinting back to the Impala.
Cas sits back in his chair. "I do."
He’s stopped telling people. Because no one believes him when he tries. So he’s hidden this secret from his husband for exactly twenty years of marriage. He’s coming out today.
"You actually, legitimately are," Sam tells him, standing up from the couch to get his brother a glass of water. "You're great, and I love you, but you're just a big baby. Siddown, I got this, okay?"
Sam sits down next to him. "Hey, dude, do you need to talk?"
Dean basically drops his phone onto his bed, too shocked to put it down gently. "Oh no," he whispers, tears starting to pool in his eyes.
Cas turned a little pink. "Well..."
"Alright, alright I'm coming," Dean says, standing up and starting to walk in the direction of the door, ignoring how his joints protested and his vision blurred. He knows he hadn't been looking after himself, but this is just crazy.
"Yeah," Cas agrees. "I'll never get them."
Cas smiles at him. “I don’t mind.” Dean grins and sings the next verse.
"Well that's certainly true," Dean agrees with a smile, which quickly fell off his face when he sees the time. If he still wants to go out and meet some new people, he will have to leave soon, and get ready before that. Somehow, in the quiet little bubble which Cas seems surrounded in, he had forgotten about everything else. And now he has to make a choice. Stay with Cas? Or go make new friends?
Cas smiles slowly. "Perhaps I'll get the recipe from Gabriel and make you his pie. We'll exchange."
Dean gasps, clutching a hand over his heart as he pretends to be wounded, "Sam! How could you! After all I've done!"
"Oh what?" Dean asks, slightly harsher than intended. He is slightly pissed about Cas finding out about his 'secret' pain. He is Dean Winchester, he's supposed to conceal all this crap and not burden other people with his problems. Oh, and the fact that fucking hurt and all Cas had to say was 'oh'.
"Yeah sure, give me 5 to get ready," Dean says with a shrug, grabbing some clean clothes and retreating back into the bathroom to change.
"Well," Sam muttered once Dean had disappeared. "That's... something must really be wrong with him, because he didn't even ask me why I'm staying." He laughed. "Well. I'm Sam." He shook Cas's hand.
Cas slowly slides out of Dean's bed and into his own. "Fuck," he tells himself. "Fuck me."
"Oh my
"Oh," Cas replies. He looks up at Dean. "If you don't mind that, then I'll gladly come with you."
Sam smiles at their backs. "I think we earned that celebratory sex," he mutters.
Cas glanced down. "Oh, uh. Just a nervous habit."
Cas rolls his eyes as he slides into the car. "You will. Get in."
"Oh. That was probably my fault," Cas replies.
Dean blinks, trying to focus on something other than the way the skinny jeans hug Cas' ass and thighs. Now is not the time. "Do they fit?" he asks, wincing at how rough his voice sounds.
"Ok," Dean says, squinting suspiciously at Sam before turning around to face Gabriel - Gabe? "Hi, nice to meet you," he said with an easy grin, "as Cas has already said, I'm Dean and I'm going to need you to tell me plenty of embarrassing childhood stories because I'm 90% sure he already has ammunition against me."
Sam slivers down in his seat slightly, avoiding Dean's angry gaze but refusing to apologize. He kind of feels bad about lying, but not enough to apologize. His sex life is none of Dean's business.
"Yep," Gabe replies. "He's living with me."
He has known this for many years. And his entire life he’s been harassed and even abused for it.
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dean, have you met me? And have you met you? One of us is openly gay, has faced rejection, and has thick skin. The other is insecure, sensitive, and repressed. No offense intended, you wouldn’t have it in you.”
"You know what, I'm going to force you to make friends, if it's the last thing I do," Dean jokes in response. Cas needs friends, and Dean would make sure he doesn't hermit himself throughout college.
"Okay, maybe you are that boring," Dean laughs, grabbing his own toothbrush and following Cas into the bathroom.
“I asked you out,” Cas says immediately. Dean raises one eyebrow.
Dean blinks. Oh. Well there goes his reasoning. "I'm not sure anyone else will agree with you about it not being needless," he says.
but he pushes it away before the thought can even start to form, never mind turn into spoken words.
Cas grins openly at him. “I will be glad to have you.”
Cas laughs. "I thought you were right behind me," he says innocently.
Sam purses his lips and takes a bite of his Impossible burger to make Dean feel better. "C'mon."
"I'm not particularly interested in taxing social interaction on my first night in a new place. I think I'll stick with my books for now."
"Probably quite a lot," Dean says with a shrug.
Dean blinks, "Yeah, I think so," he says, his voice rough from the anesthetic, "have you been there all this time?"
"I'm not a baby!" Dean repeats, sitting down with a frown on his face, "I'm older than you! And I'm not even close to some helpless thing which can't even hold its own head's weight."
"Yes he is," Dean says, trying to ignore the blush which is crawling up his neck. Why on Earth is he blushing over someone saying he has the voice of a singer. Oh yeah. Because that's fucking flirty. Not that Cas meant it like that, the guy probably doesn't even notice what he's saying could be interpreted as.
"I already have pie," Gabe said. "And I'm making burgers for dinner."
Sam sighs and takes a huge bite of his own burger to distract himself.
Dean hums in agreement against Cas' lips, quite happy to just shut up and worry later. Because he will, later in he will be questioning everything, but for now he can just enjoy kissing Cas and live in the present.
"Cause I'm your friend?"
"Don't we have class?" Dean asks, still not moving.
"Yes."
It was a good memory that one, despite the pain of a broken arm, because instead of just telling him to live with it, or walk it off - like John would have - his dads had taken him to the hospital and gotten him checked out. They hadn't been mad, or told him off for being so stupid, they just made sure he was okay. Dean was fairly sure that was the day he started relaxing around the house, when his subconscious brain finally caught onto what every other part of his brain had been saying -
"Dean, please," Cas begs.
"Yeah, I can agree that having a moping brother in the house would reduce the enjoyment of any celebratory sex. You win this one, I suppose."
Dean just smiles warily, "If you say so," he says, hoping that it will be enough to get Cas off his case. He knows the truth anyway, Sam is the amazing one in their family, Sam is the one who is going to go far, not Dean. He squirms in his seat, Cas' intense gaze feeling like it's going straight to his soul.
"Yep," Dean replies, following the sign post he has just found and turning right.
"I might just read for a while," Cas says shyly. He suddenly has a whole new layer of shit when it comes to Dean.
Cas rolls his eyes. "I dropped you six inches, Dean."
Cas is at his side in seconds when his breathing hitches. "Dean?" he asks quietly.
"I'm not sure I can believe that," Dean says quietly, "everyone can hate me.”
Gabe laughs bitterly. "How do I convince you to come to my house?"
"You think I'm cute?" Dean asks slowly, "when I'm watching movies?"
"I'm sorry," Cas repeats, and then he's gone, out the door like he never existed.
"The Incredibles?" Dean repeats, "are we thinking about the same movie here?"
"Maybe, but I'm 90% sure that's not the case here. Did he kiss you back? Are you his soulmate?"
Sam takes a deep breath and sits back down. Since his brother obviously won't be the adult in this situation, that responsibility
Cas falters. "I- well, I've been told I have that effect on people. Apparently I'm 'unsettling'."
Cas shuts and locks the door to his father’s Lawrence home behind himself, pulling his coat down tighter around his body, the fur-lined hood providing shelter against the bitingly cold December wind. Dean glances up, his smile wearing a sharply biting edge that’s on just the wrong side of teasing. He holds up his phone.
Cas grins at him. "Somehow, I remain unsurprised. Shall we?"
Cas scoffs and turns to Sam. "Do you hate your older brother as well?"
"Hey!" Dean says with a grin, "I'm Dean, this is Cas," he points behind him at where Cas is standing.
Dean barks out a laugh, "yes, it is what I claim! Do you claim anything different?"
Cas laughs at the expression on Dean's face. "Somehow I have a feeling you'll survive."
"I know right. It is ridiculous," Gabe says, barely able to get the words out without cracking up.
Sam grins back. "Great. Let's go in."
"Ok great," Dean says. Again. Because all of his higher brain function has been turned off by the fact that Cas still hasn't changed out of those fucking jeans.
"Yeah I can tell," Dean laughs, "eccentric sounds a bit of an understatement."
"Um..." Cas swallows. "May I join you?"
"Well I disagree," Dean says decisively, "I guess I just build attachment quickly because in my mind you're my best friend and I would die for you. Clothes are barely anything."
"No, no, everything's fine," Dean says, looking down so he doesn't have to make eye contact, "just realizing something." He wonders a moment about whether he should tell Cas what's happening, but decides that's a bad idea. There is no way Cas could ever like him back, and there is no point making things awkward.
"Technically he isn't one of my students yet," Gabe mutters, picking at a stray thread on his sleeve. He doesn't regret it, but he does see that convincing Cas that this isn't a bad thing is going to be hard, "and he's only just still a minor. I wouldn't have done anything if he hadn't been sure."
"Casual clothes, jeans, t-shirts the kind if things I wear."
, God knows why. I'm fucking tired of you riding me for everything I do. You're not my dad!"
"Ok, just know that if you need to talk, I'm here," Dean replies, trying to ignore how Cas called their friendship a 'relationship'. He knows it's just how Cas speaks, but it still made his heart excited for no reason.
When Dean gets back to his dorm, Cas's things are gone with the exception of his decorations. Cas is nowhere to be found.
Dean gives up on blinking his tears back as soon as the door clicks shut. He flips over so he can bury his head in the pillow, and just cries. He finally thought he found someone who cared about him, someone who could even love him, and he messed it up. He still doesn't know what he did, but he hates himself for it. He ruins everything, apparently a soulmate is just another one to add to the list.
"Can't leave the car," Dean says, making his voice as pathetic and weak as he can, "I have died, I am brain dead and all my organs have shut down. I tried to warn you, but you didn't believe me."
Dean smiles in relief, "great, any suggestions?" he asks, shuffling to the top of his bed and propping the pillow up so they can lean against it. He pulls his laptop over to him, unlocking it and opening up Netflix.
Cas bites his lip. "Thank you, Dean."
very blue."
"Okay," Dean mutters, walking down the hall and towards the apartment he knows is housing the welcome party. He tries to get the image of Cas biting his bottom lip out of his head, but it's pretty difficult when he is 90% sure the guy knew exactly what he was doing. And to make matters worse, Dean can't even think that Cas is straight so it doesn't even matter, because he isn't straight!
"Cas," Dean asks quietly between kisses, "where are you going with this?"
Dean nods, walking out the door and heading towards the diner they were meeting their brothers in.
Cas blushes, looking down at his lap and trying not to let his thoughts run away from him, "thanks," he says simply.
Sam shoots a finger gun at him, grabbing his bag and hauling it up onto his shoulder. "See y'all later."
"Who gives a shit," Cas replies, also not moving.
Sam puts a hand on Dean's knee. "Remember what I said? Eat three more bites."
Cas nods and gets out of the car a little regretfully. He pauses. "I am growing very attached to your Baby."
Cas smiles. "I'm not sure you want to hear all about my stupid stuff, but thank you anyway."
"That's one way of putting it," Cas muses quietly, "but to be honest we'll probably be fine once we've talked this out a bit."
"See you later," Gabe says with a smile, trying to figure out whether kissing Sam goodbye is worth the risk of death which doing it in front of Dean would bring. Eventually, he decides he probably best not. Dean and Cas are only just getting used to it – hell, he and Sam are only just getting used to it! – so he best not push.
"What?" Dean says, unsure what Cas is on about.
Dean frowns, the memory of the dream coming back to him now he is thinking about it, "yeah, nightmare," he explained, dragging a hand down his face, "don't worry about it, I get them all the time, sorry I woke you up."
"How are you! I haven't seen you in ages!"
When they pull into the parking lot, Sam turns around in his chair and meets Dean's eyes. "Hey. You okay?"
"Cas?" Dean asks quietly, pulling away from Cas just far enough that they can talk, but not far enough that they have to stop touching. He's confused, very extremely confused. One moment Cas loves him, then Dean is just a mistake and now he loves him again?
"That's a good idea," Dean quickly agrees. He will never say no to his two favorite things: baking and pie. "You ever baked a pie before?"
Dean smiles back, accidently getting lost in Cas' eyes. Suddenly remembering where he is, he shakes himself out of wherever his mind went - maybe la la land? - and tries to remember what they were talking about, "Yeah, you're pretty likeable," he agrees, "I can't imagine anyone not getting along with you."
?" Cas demands. "He- but-
Cas nods numbly. "I know. I'm here on scholarship so now I actually have the money to pay my tuition. And then some." He laughs, glancing up at Dean.
"I just - I don't know, I thought you hated me."
"You wanna drive with me today?" Dean offers as he unlocks his car.
She nods. "I'll be right back with that for you, hon." As she walks away, Cas glances at Dean. She'd assumed that they were together and Dean hadn't protested. Cas wonders what that means.
Cas climbs the stairs to his childhood bedroom, now occupied by a king bed rather than his old twin, and strips to his underwear before slipping into his side. He loses track of the time, but a while later when Dean opens the door, Cas pretends to be asleep, and he feels Dean tuck a strand of hair behind his ear and whisper a soft “goodnight, Cas” before rolling over away from Cas’ body and remaining still.
Dean feels his smile relax into a slightly more genuine one, "well in that case I will definitely be safe. No one's getting past you."
"I don't know," Charlie replies, "my gaydar is never wrong, and he was definitely giving off crush vibes."
"Come on then, do you know your pant size?" Dean asks, grabbing Cas' arm and practically dragging him to the jeans section.
Dean cackles with laughter, "seriously, you've written gay fanfiction?" he asks incredulously, "what fandom?" His words are slightly muffled by his laughs and the fact he can barely breathe, but he thinks he's got the point across. Who would think that Cas - the stoic English nerd who lives under a rock - would even know what fanfiction is, never mind have written it.
Cas sits down hesitantly next to him. "What's your favorite genre?"
"That's great," Dean says with a large grin, "I always knew he would do it."
Dean stares at the surface of the table, trying to avoid looking at anyone else. "You two are idiots," Sam announces after a beat.
"So what the fuck just happened with Lisa?" Charlie demands.
Dean?" is all he can say.
"I paid off your car, your most prized possession in the world," Cas counters.
"Sam and I are gonna make you take care of yourself," Gabe continues.
Dean knows that he keeps on repeating himself, but he can't help himself asking "are you sure you're ok?" as he starts driving off. Cas is being very quite, somehow even quieter than before, and Dean is worried.
Dean looks down at the table. He'd hoped to be able to get a bit longer into college before anyone realized how much of a fuck up he is, but here he is. First day and already fucking stuff up. "Because mine isn't?" he whispers down at the table, phrasing it as a question, even though it isn't one.
"Yeah?"
Cas takes a bite out of his pizza. "Somehow I doubt that. I haven't had the pleasure of meeting your brother yet, but your voice definitely sounds like the voice of a singer." He smiles, then adds, "so he's the tall one in your photos?"
"Yes, l'm ready. Let's go." Cas chooses to say nothing about his own attraction to his surprisingly jacked, stunningly green-eyed, mysterious new roommate.
"It's not your fault. You don't have anything to apologize for."
Gabriel hands him a water bottle. "It's car temperature, I hope that'll do."
? That can't be right. He's never been adorable.
share. He's never told anyone about what was going on, never said it out loud. Anyone who knows was either told by Sam, or was there.
they read.
"Why in God's name would I hate you?" Castiel does not invoke the name of the Lord lightly.
Dean stops that chain of thought quickly. That is not where he wants to go on his first day of college.
"No ambulance," Dean groans, "I'm fine, I don't have appendicit-" Dean starts, having to cut off when he tries to sit up and a new bolt of pain - more savage and sharp than the other ones - bursts through him.
things are going right for him, Michael! Why can't you just fucking accept that? He doesn't need a dictator, he needs a friend and a brother. That was your job."
Cas stares at him. "I don't know who ever told you that being around you was a problem, but whoever it was, I would very much like to shoot them."
Cas sits down on Dean's bed, inhaling the musky, motor-oil smell of his area. "That's fine," he hums distractedly.
"Seriously?" Dean asks in confusion, "how on earth do you only own two outfits?"
"Stop laughing at me," Dean groans, reluctantly pushing him up onto his knees so he can reach across to grab the traitorous computer which wouldn't come to him.
“Well you know… I just didn’t know I could be this happy. He’s sweet and he takes care of me and supports me in every way possible and… it feels good.” Castiel was beaming.
They talked a lot. Hailie was an interesting girl and she always was ready with a quick answer. She seemed to like Dean and alcohol made him more and more attracted to her traits.
"Um... well, I don't know how to fix it."
"Whatever you want," Cas repeats. He's looking at Dean's profile, his emerald eyes, his
Dean walks over to the counter, paying for their food before walking out of the diner next to Cas, heading back to their apartment block.
About half an hour into the movie, Dean starts to snore quietly. Cas glances at him and never looks away. He's beautiful like this. He looks finally relaxed, something Cas has never seen him. He presses his lips to Dean's temple before he can stop himself.
This is terrible. This means two things, two horrible, life-ruining things. A. Dean Winchester, his roommate, is also his soulmate. B. Castiel Novak is in love with one Dean Winchester.
"Oh no, I do not love Cas. Clearly you've lost your skill of reading me haven't you," he says, trying to keep his voice steady.
"Nice to meet you," Cas says with a slightly strained smile. He really is awful at the whole 'new people' thing. After how easy it is to talk to Dean, he'd almost forgotten how difficult it actually is. "Why are you staying?"
Dean nods, slowly walking into the bar and looking for a free table somewhere in a corner. As soon as he spots one, he walks over, collapsing into a seat.
, he wants to say.
And yet, Sam manages it. Sam manages to be nothing like their biological father. It's just Dean. He really never will be anything other than dad's good little soldier.
Cas shakes his head. “Lord, I’m sorry for dragging you into this.”
"I want it to be," Cas says. "But I doubt that it will be."
Cas swallows hard. "I blame myself. And you can't make me stop."
Sam stares after them in wonder. "Yeah. Dean never trusts people that quick." He doesn't know what that means, but he has a theory.
Gabe smiles reassuringly at his soulmate, mouthing "it's ok," across the table.
Dean smiles, a wide smile. He knows why he fell in love with this guy, he knows why he's soulmates with this guy. And yet - he doesn't deserve Cas. The likelihood is that Cas has his own soulmate, just waiting for them to meet and fall in love and be happy, Dean can't get in the way of that.
"Do you really want to know?" Dean asks, shifting on his bed until he's comfortable. "Because if you're just asking to be polite and would actually rather go to sleep, we can go to sleep."
Cas glances up. "I- yeah. I'm fine, Dean." Dean looks like he wants to say something else, but Cas's phone rings. He answers. "Gabriel?"
Cas felt a smile break across his face. "Thank you, Dean."
Cas watches him rocking out to Journey and purses his lips to keep from grinning and singing along. Sometimes he thinks it doesn't make any sense for them to be soulmates, and moments like these he realizes that it makes the most sense in the world.
"Oh ok," Dean says. He has the feeling Cas didn't mean to say that, so he makes sure to not react, "I'll remember that in the future, despite outwardly appearance of a tax accountant, Cas sometimes makes jokes."
"So you've told us," Dean replies. "In other news, the sky is blue, water is wet, and I have a big dick. Let's move on."
"I want to say no, but I'm getting the odd feeling you aren't going to accept that as an answer."
"It looks soft."
Dean nods hesitantly, searching Cas' eyes as though he will be able to find any answers he need in them. Cas seems worried, but not overly so, and Dean relaxes fractionally. "Will you be here when I wake up?"
Gabe looks between the two brothers slowly, grabbing into his soulmates hand, "babe, it's ok. He probably just needs a minute to get used to it."
Dean sighs when Cas leads him over to the passenger door. He wants to drive, but he knows that's not likely to happen. To be honest, he would probably drive them off the road, but that doesn't change the fact that he hates sitting in the passenger seat. This is his car! His baby! He should be allowed to drive.
"Thank you," Sam says with a nod, grabbing a menu and trying to decide what to order. Gabe smiles as he looks over at Sam. Awed by how easily he has diffused his brother and defended his choices.
Cas's breath hitches for a moment in surprise, and then he's kissing back, pushing Dean onto the bed they've slept in together so many times. The kiss goes from 1 to 100 in .8 seconds flat and before Cas even fully comprehends what's going on, Dean's shirt is halfway off and Dean's not even trying to stop him.
"I'm never 'asking to be polite', Dean," Cas told him. "I care about you. I want to know if you want to tell me."
"No," Cas says quickly. "It's just... you're so happy. It's cute."
Cas nods. "Movie it is, then?"
"Really? Well they are assholes," Dean says decisively, "You know what, you can borrow some of mine until we can get you some new ones." Offering up his clothes feels as natural as breathing, despite how weird it probably should feel.
"Ok," Dean says slowly, still looking at Cas, suspicion plastered all over his face, "go right ahead," he gestures to the bathroom and goes back to collecting his stuff together.
"Did you just call me Michael?" Dean asks, distracted from Cas' message by the simple name. He is fairly sure he's never been a dictator to Sam, which is suggesting to Dean that there is something there which is more about Cas than Sam. He really hopes that it isn't the case. He may not be a younger brother like Sam and Cas are, but he has had a fucking awful life, and he couldn't help but hope that Cas would've had a good life. How cruel could the universe be, to give not only Dean a horrible life, but also anyone who he cares about?
Dean chuckles. “I’m just happy to get out of this damn house. I can only handle awkward silence with your dad and your sister sporadically offering me cookies for so long.”
Cas nods. "Yeah, see you later."
"Nah, there is no point marathoning them, I can already tell I'm going to fall asleep before too long. We'll put the first one on and go from there."
Dean scoffs. "You weren't there, I was."
Cas nods, squeezing his hand. "I told you I would be, remember?"
"When I was 15 I managed to break my arm by falling down the stairs," he says, "I had no reason to fall down the stairs, my foot just slipped while I was distracted by my phone."
Cas grins, nudging him slightly. When Dean gets to Netflix he starts randomly calling out titles of movies that catch his eye.
"Yeah," Dean mutters, not looking up or turning to look at Cas. Instead he just kept staring that the floor.
"She kissed me okay? I pulled away as soon as I realized what was happening, but she was holding onto my hair, so I nearly fell over."
Cas chuckles. "I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition," he murmurs. All the blood drains out of Dean's face. Cas hesitates, suddenly nervous. "Uh, Dean, that... that was a joke."
"My fault," Cas admits. "And no, it's not, and mine is bigger, but that's not important right now." His arm is still around Dean's waist as he turns to look at Dean. "What's important is the fact that I can see your ribcage through your shirt and you look like Sam's been
Dean is about to lean in and continue kissing Cas, when the sound of the door opening startles them apart.
"Talking is not one of my very few skills, Dean," Cas tells him curtly.
Dean walks around for a minute, until he finds the kitchen where there is a group of people who Dean thinks look fairly friendly. "Hello," he says with a casual smile as he walks up to them and takes a place in their circle.
Sam hands him his water. "And you're a douche."
"No," Cas tells him, "we just had lunch. And I paid."
"It's only got another couple of minutes, can you grab some plates out?"
"Don't worry about it," Dean assures Cas, clapping him on the shoulder as he says, "nothing is wrong. You're just adorable."
"You are being self-sacrificing idiotic bitches. You need help."
And then Cas is standing next to him as if to lift him up. He wasn't joking. He catches sight of Dean's face. "Are you alright?"
Dean thinks for a moment, trying to figure out how much he should share with Cas, who he needs to remember is still a stranger. "I'm from Lawrence, Kansas," he starts, "I like pie and my family is great," he says, deciding that it answers the questions enough, without some stupid, self-centered rant, "what about you?"
"Yeah. What about you? You must have some pretty big fuck ups on your achievement list."
"Here we go," Dean says, unlocking the car and climbing in. He turned her engine on and just sat there for a moment, listening to her purr.
"Why are we here?" Dean asks, looking between Sam and Gabe.
Cas stares at him for a moment then nods. "That is a yes," he hums to himself before pulling on the jeans.
"Thanks," Dean says again. He feels a bit like a broken record, but that didn't matter. He has a lot to be thankful for.
"Hey, Cas!" calls a familiar, cheerful voice from behind him. He turns.
"Yeah," Dean says quietly, grabbing Cas' hand to pull himself up, only realizing at the last second that Cas is trying to retract his hand and he just made things awkward.
"Oh shit, you saw that?" Dean says quietly, running the back of his neck awkwardly.
Cas bites his bottom lip. "Okay, please attack my hair with that thing."
Sam kisses his hair yet again - so he's handsy today, who cares - and grabs the plates. "I'll go set the table," he offers.
Cas's arm slid down around Dean's waist to hold him closer and his head rests on Dean's shoulder. He loves this feeling, this closeness, the affection he never got from his family.
Cas shoves him, and Dean shoves back, and that’s exactly right.
Dean laughs, "well duh, but if said gift-unto-this-world is going to have the means to embarrass me, I need insurance. By which I mean equally embarrassing stories to throw back at his face."
"I've never been to a party. So whatever you find appropriate."
Cas sighs and holds the door open for him. "You really are a jerk."
Cas leads him back to the Impala and almost gives him the keys before thinking better of it. Dean's probably still high on morphine. He's not fit to operate a motor vehicle.
"Really? That's great!" Dean says, genuinely happy for his friend.
Cas feels a little more comfortable after opening up, but he has no idea where to go from here. "How does one make small talk?" he asks.
Dean opens his eyes slowly, shocked to see Cas' eyes on him again. "You ok?" he asks, confused about why Cas is staring at him.
"Exactly, you can't be blamed for being scared."
"Basically."
"Fresh burgers?"
Cas emerges from the bathroom and notices that Dean's awake. "Good morning," he says happily. "How did you sleep?"
"A mistake," Dean echoes helplessly. He knew that was what Cas was going to say, but hearing him actually say it is suddenly so, so much worse. "You don't have to go," he says, desperate to keep his soulmate nearby, even if he clearly couldn't have him all the way.
Cas laughs unwillingly in response to that. "Thank you, Dean. I just don't know that you'd... care. Or just if I told you you'd decide you don't need a friend like me, that I'm going to... drag you down."
Cas laughed. "I'm not sure, no."
Sam nods. "Good. I know Dean's gonna hate me for this but at least they'll figure stuff out."
"Not if one's," Dean pauses for a moment, swallowing hard as he wonders whether this is going to be a mistake. He really shouldn't lie after just meeting this guy, but Castiel is named after an angel, Dean can only imagine his views are equally angelic, "exceptionally straight roommate is in the room with them."
Sam laughs and shrugs. “I don’t know, man, he’s
"Your dads... remind me their names?" Cas asks. "If you told me."
“I’ll tag along,” Dean offers quickly, his smile donning a softness that wasn’t there moments ago. “I need to get out, and what better company?”
"You sure you're ok?" Dean asks again as he walks into the bathroom.
"Combed it," Cas said nonchalantly. "Why?"
Dean blinks, still catching his brain up to the real world. He is still not 100% sure that this whole thing isn't some kind of fantasy his brain made up to get him over the fact everyone hates him. "My words are on your arm?" he double checks, "And you never said anything? Because you think I have some girl out there who also has my words?" he thinks that covers everything, before he realizes something else. "And you love me?"
Cas nods. He wants to ask but he has a feeling Dean would tell him if he wanted him to know. "Well you shouldn't be stuck here much longer. I apologize."
"Oh yeah," Dean agrees, "and then there are some people who end up with really generic words who everyone says at all times."
The waiter returned with Dean's coffee, which Dean accepted with a smile and a quiet "thank you," before reburying himself into his stack of pancakes, happy to just sit with his new friend, brother and Gabriel, and eat his breakfast.
Cas looks around and grabs two plaid flannels, one green and one blue, as well as a few t-shirts with graphics he likes. "Is this enough?"
Cas glances between he and Sam and something clicks. His eyes narrow and he leans forward to hiss at his brother. "I told Dean you were trustworthy!"
"Yeah I think so. I didn't tell him what's going on, but I think I convinced him to turn up."
Cas pulls open his own door, smiling at Dean as he slides into the seat.
Dean grins wryly, rolling his eyes. "Agree to disagree," he says, too tired to argue.
"Really? Then why did you leave this morning? Why was I a mistake?"
Cas sighs quietly, looking down. "I'm here for you to talk to," he reminds his friend. "Or yell at. Whatever you need. But Sam's wrong. You're not selfish. And he didn't even really mean it, he's just..."
"Like I said," Cas informs him. "This and my suit are all I own."
"And I'll have some chocolate chip waffles please," Gabe chirps, squeezing Sam's hand just because he can.
"Everything you said," Dean says with a wave of his hand, letting his eyes slip closed.
"I'm sure that you are the person in this house best qualified to say that."
"Well, probably everything to be honest," Dean says with frown, thinking things through, "you don't really have any casual clothes do you?"
"I'm fairly sure all of those things count as times I fucked up," Dean grins, suddenly realizing why this guy is his soul mate.
Cas shakes himself. "I'm fine. Shall we go?"
"Right about what?"
"Yes! It felt like that for me too," Dean says with a tired groan, "I though it would never end."
"I swear to god we will leave you here," Sam threatens.
"Let's go," Dean agrees with a smile, walking away from the car and towards the center of town. They had parked nearby, so they only have a short walk towards the shopping section.
"What time is it now?" Dean asks, not bothering to check the time on his own.
Sam laughs again. "No, it's fine. Um, Running Start, actually. I know Dean's a college freshman, but that's cause he took three years off after he dropped out of high school. He got his GED and we convinced him to try to go to college. I'm a senior right now, he's four years older than me. Anyway, that's a long-winded way of saying I'm taking a few classes through the college instead of at the high school and I'm gonna be here a lot. Can you direct me to the musical theater classroom?"
The words are odd and distorted, like someone put sound through a funhouse mirror – is that even possible? Cas doesn’t know – but they don’t sound like the voice of the man he loves and he’s terrified, terrified of the way that hurts him, how it digs down into his skin and burrows into the deepest, most shameful parts of himself and activates things he never wanted to remember existed.
"Why do you think he walked away?"
Dean blinks, "no?" he says slowly, "I mean, it takes forever to fall asleep, I never feel rested, and then I always have to wake up at the end." He decides that mentioning he also gets nightmares isn't a very good idea right then.
Cas hesitates a moment, then nods. "Alright. I was... nervous. I don't do people well."
"I just made out with my roommate," Cas confesses. "And we haven't spoken about it."
"Ok, makes sense. Let's go buy this stuff then."
Cas cocked his head to one side. "AC/DC t-shirts and ripped jeans with frayed cuffs?"
"Why thank you, I always knew it but it's always nice to be validated from time to time," Dean hums, sipping his water slowly.
"Yeah," Charlie says primly.
"See you later bitch," Dean replies with a smile.
"I don't think he cares," Sam mutters, falling back into his seat. "He's a selfish motherfucker and I should have seen this coming."
"I would talk to him, if he would ever let me within two hundred meters of him."
“Don’t knee him the balls like you do to me.” Dean called. “Cas’ balls are precious to me.”
Castiel chuckles quietly, keeping the volume low to let Jaime sleep peacefully.
"I think I just had a contraction," Eileen says.
He senses the righteous man’s soul from miles away, the bright gleam of it spreading warmth through him as he pinpoints its location in Sioux Falls. Castiel flies, chasing the warmth and positions himself in the middle of a large ground covered with vehicles.
But Cas doesn't move, instead, he pries the spatula out of Dean's hand. And then the handle of the pan. Their fingers brush—a barely there touch, but the warmth it leaves behind has got his head reeling.
Emily was sitting on the couch with a blanket wrapped around her, eyes filled with a far-away look, as though he registered nothing happening around her. They went over their routine questions, and Emily answered with shakes and nods of her head, only pausing to sob quietly into her palm. Whenever his attention slipped to Nadia, she was watching him with equal reverence. Sam ducked his head, trying to keep his mind from wandering.
Castiel tugged on his hand, forcing him to look up, "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, Dean. Flying can be unnerving."
"Okay, that's six whole hours," Sam noted to himself. "Thanks for the help, Nadia. I'll call you soon."
Dean ducks his head, feeling heat creep up to his face. "You don't have to ask, angel."
Dean’s eyes simmered with unshed tears as he drew in a deep breath, “I want—” his throat rippled as he swallowed. “Cas, I…”
Dean felt a soft squeeze on his hand and Cas cleared his throat, “I would like to announce something.”
" He needs a drink. "I should be the one apologizing."
Dean rolls his eyes, “Well then, where’s my baby?”
After their third stop at the gas station on the way back to the bunker, Sam offers to take the back seat, dozing off the second all of his eight feet hits the upholstery. Dean turns down the music, not wanting to disturb if Cas wants to sleep.
"We missed you too," Sam smiles, puppy dog eyes and everything. "You hungry?"
Cas bites down a grin, “You don’t like it when people spend money for you.”
Dean forgets what he's supposed to do and why he's here when he sees the corpse of Alastair still strewn on the floor, a pool of blood surrounding it. Dean clenches his fist, the feeling of his blade passing clean through that demon's chest still livid in his memory. The heat surrounding them claws under Dean's skin, and his head is spinning and-
"Yeah, I get it, I'm the grunt and you're the nerd."
Dean kept the spatula down, turning to his brother, "Seriously, where are we going?"
“I love you."
The air around them grows thicker as the silence between them stretches, pulling Dean's heart in all four directions, strong enough to make it hard to breathe. Cas prods at his eggs, and Dean digs his nails into the meat of his thighs to quench his need to reach out and touch the man next to him; to offer some sort of comfort for the unseen turmoil that seems to have wiped away the smile from Castiel's eyes.
"So, you think Louisa is the witch?" Cas asked, bringing back his attention.
"What did they want?" In that moment he regrets his choice of showing up at Dean's doorstep.
Dean gives him a hint of a smile, “You’re not too bad either.”
"Hmm, that feels nice." Dean hummed, arching back into Castiel's touch. "I need a massage every time I come back from visiting the site."
Anyways, see you next week, hope all of you are doing well.
"What was all
"You can sit wherever you want, Cas." Dean kept his eyes glued to the window. "I don't own the damn plane."
“Our dungeon,” Dean corrected, giving him a look. It was something Dean had started doing to make sure Cas knew the bunker was his home too. It’s the least he could do for the guy after everything he had given up for Dean. A part of it was a reminder to himself that Cas was here and was staying. No abrupt duty calls and taking off without goodbyes. He cleared his throat and added, "It's not everyday you get to say you have a dungeon."
“Forget what we said, you should tell him how you feel.” Sam said. “I mean, look at you. I’ve never seen you look so whipped.”
There's fondness in his tone, along with a twinge of disappointment and regret that makes Dean want to dig a hole in the floor and curl up in it.
Castiel knocked on Dean's door twice, getting no reply. He turned the knob, slipping into the room and shutting the door behind him.
Dean’s eyes widened at that, a wave of heat creeping up his chest.
Cas nodded minutely, eyes still watching the floor with newfound interest. Dean really wanted to hug him.
Cas offered him a small smile, "Yes. Are you feeling better?"
Dean laughed softly, "Yer a dork, Cas."
settling in his gut. "Oh– um, I'm–"
Shuffles out of the couch, leaving the blankets bundled up behind him, Dean heads to where Cas is asleep. The door to the room is left ajar, but Dean still raises his hand and knocks tentatively. A strained whine comes in response, leaving Dean grinning widely.
“Oh, where are we staying?”
"Fuck," Dean whispers, his heart doing a three-sixty in his chest. "Um, hey." It's the middle of the night, Dean is shirtless and there's an Angel of the Lord in his room. That's just how his life is, these days. He places both his hands on the angel's shoulder and gently pushes him a step back. "There."
Cindy knits her brows together, realization slowly dawning on her face. "I have nothing other than a pendant she used to wear."
“Enough to lose sleep over,” Dean answered, giving her a tight smile. He grabbed the sleeve of Cas’s coat and stepped between them to head out of the door. “Here’s my card, just give me a call if you find anything at all.”
Cas has no idea what he's doing to Dean, and it takes every fiber in his being for Dean to not reach out and kiss the man in front of him.
Dean didn't say anything in reply, just extended his hand for Cas to check. When Cas gripped his wrist, it was not like the time when Dean first got the mark, rough and angry. He never asked how Cas
Castiel sucked in a sharp breath, meeting Dean's gaze over her shoulder, who stared back at him, eyes full of confusion and doubt. "More than anything," Castiel replied, with as much reverence as he could conjure.
"If I tell you, you wouldn't need me anymore." Victor grinned. "Is anyone else starving."
When he looks up from his phone, Dean is staring at him with an unreadable expression on his face, “You okay, Cas?”
"Coffee," Jo groans from the couch, "Now."
“So you don’t talk to God?”
“I’m her favorite,” Dean shrugs, grinning.
"Alright." Sam sighs. "But if anything goes sideways, we leave that second."
Dean huffed a laugh, "Yeah. Same here. But, I'm pretty sure it was in purgatory when I knew I'd be a wreck without you."
"Of course, you were." Dean says, and Castiel is taken aback by the fury radiating from Dean's soul. "What the hell, Sam?"
“Witness?” he and Dean ask at the same time.
"It's delicious," Cas announces, and Dean knows it's not a half hearted appreciation for the sake of politeness.
"Alright, just asking," Dean replies. "Uh, never thought I'd meet one of you guys, you know? Always heard these stories about your folk but I guess after a while you just got bored and gave up on us."
"We're not conclusive about anything, ma'am, just making sure to cover all points."
"Contra- You're in
Cas has the blanket wrapped around him tighter, his legs folded on the couch in a crisscross applesauce, cocooning himself in the fabric. His dark hair is haphazardly pointing in every direction, and Dean's fingers itch wanting to smooth it down, or maybe mess it up a little more, who knows. He sets the bowl on the coffee table, pausing for a moment to see if the furniture's legs will buckle.
“My feet got cold.”
As they pull out of the driveway, Dean asks, “You think the kid’s seeing our culprit?”
“The cops weren’t even able to solve the first one all those months ago,” Claudia grumbled.
"Bitch,” Dean replies instinctively.
“Yeah, I would not trust myself either,” Akobel huffs a laugh.
“Yeah, your friends were there too, but didn’t find anything,” she cut him off, her eyes moving to where Dean and Cas stood.
Yeah, the questions could wait another few days.
"Thank you," Terra wiped her eyes. “Find what happened to him, please.”
"I'm gonna drop Nadia back to her house," Sam announced, jumping off his seat before anyone could protest.
“Nothing,” Cas mutters, sticking his nose in the air and glaring a hole through the wall behind Dean’s head. He looks like a pissed off cat. Asshole.
“Where is Jamie now?” asked Cas.
The longer they walk, Dean’s concern seems to make more sense. The serenity around them is unnerving. Castiel keeps his eyes trained on Dean and his fellow angels, while his ears listen for any movement around them. Soon, they reach the part of heaven where the human souls reside. It’s the one and only section of heaven where angels had no rights to intervene, not like it matters taking account of everything that's going on.
in relation to Cas. Not a good sign. “I learned from the best.”
"Three pairs of wings," Castiel replies, slightly confused by the tangent of their conversation. "Why did you ask?"
“I love you, Cas,” Dean says quietly. “I hope you never forget that.”
he wanted to hug him so bad. Part of him expected Cas to show up bloody and beaten up, just like how he did in Dean's nightmares.
“Good, everyone’s alive.” Dean climbs into the driver’s seat.
Castiel was sitting on the couch, his legs in a crisscross applesauce, hands wrapped around a pink mug.
Dean blinks, “What?”
“I didn’t,” Dean tried to put on a reassuring smile despite the dull thump of his headache. “Imagine that, Dean Winchester getting killed by a Subaru.”
"So gorgeous, baby. " Castiel murmured, rolling his hips forward to meet Dean's thrusts.
"No, your face is too distracting to enjoy the view outside." Castiel was not lying when he said that, even though his intention was to get Dean away from the window.
"We got sanction on the new apartment complex." Michael said, "And we would like you to be on the management team."
Dean bristled at Cas's words, feeling his heart climb up to his throat. "Dammit, Cas. You're not a burden. How many times do I gotta say this?" he took a step closer, yet not close enough to reach out to Cas. "We're family man. And family sticks together, no matter what. You don't gotta feel like an outsider with us."
"Uh, these are my co-workers, Dean and Cas," he introduced them as they moved to shake her hand. "They were at the morgue while I came to the office."
"Uh, I mean, it's a nice shirt," Dean shoved it into his hands. "Might suit you. Or anyone for that matter."
"Jesus," Dean sighs. "Can we talk about something less depressing?"
“I’m not–” Castiel begins, but it is way past the point of lying to himself.
"I can't heal you," Cas says, his voice so small Dean feels his heart shatter. "If I had my grace I could heal you...You're hurt but I can't help—"
"Dammit," Dean whispered, rubbing his eyes on the back of his palm. "I'm not crying."
“I’m here for an investigation,” he replies, pulling out his badge. “Agent Moscone.”
"I used to be, not anymore," Cas shrugs.
“Oh, just went out.” Sam replies, short and precise.
"If anything, Cas is a pain in my ass." Dean smirked, Castiel being the only one getting the innuendo behind it.
“Nothing’s up,” he fishes his keys out of his pocket and slides it across the table. “Not a scratch.”
"Expect, I'm not." Dean pulled away, missing the touch instantly. "I was just so stupid… I should've. Nevermind." He didn't know what he was saying at that point but he knew he had dropped the ball on him and Cas one too many times.
——————
"Any updates?" she said, in lieu of a greeting.
“That’s not true. We know why Claudia has a scar in the shape of Australia on her left thigh.”
He leans down, mouthing against Cas' erection through his pants before hooking his fingers into the waistband and pulling it down along with the boxers in one go. Cas' erection springs to life and Dean goes to work, wrapping a hand around the base and stroking upwards. Cas bucks his hip, hands curling into fists on either side of him. He flicks his thumb across the slit on the way up, drawing precome.
"Then why don't you like her?" Castiel shot back, grinning when Dean opened his mouth only for his words to fall flat. "I must say, the jealous husband role looks good on you."
His voice sounds raw in his own throat, clawing at the walls with nails dripping acid. A hand cups his cheek, thumb rubbing wetness off his face, which is only when Dean realizes he's been crying. Cas is here, warm and solid, and Dean's heart aches so hard he can't breathe.
“Very well.” Ambriel doesn’t seem very happy about the developments. “I will deliver the news to Camael, he has been anticipating your return.”
“Ruby?”
“Hello,” she says, eyes wide as she looks between the both of them. “Who are you?”
"Until it comes back to haunt you when you least expect."
repression. He tried pushing down all of his feelings deep into the farthest corners of his mind but at some point they found a way to crawl back up anytime he so much as catches a pair of blue eyes while walking down the street. Dean knows he's miserable, and he also knows he's doing a good job of hiding it, at least around the people who don't know him that well.
