They stopped at the door, able to hear Sam’s snores from the other side. Dean smiled a little, and dropped Cas’ hand.
“Aye,” said Cas, Selma, and a second male voice a second late that Cas recognized as Jason, who had come through the tent flap as Jo had spoken and crawled into his own sleeping bag. Laurence, Betty, and Carl weren’t far behind, and after fifteen minutes or so everyone in the tent had fallen asleep. Halfway through the night, Dorothy came to wake up Carl so she could take her shift sleeping while he was on watch, but aside from waking that once, Castiel had a surprisingly restful night.
“Thank you, I’ll remember that,” Castiel said. Selma crossed her arms, but didn’t tell him off for his sarcasm. “So we’re here?”
“That is a ruse which no longer matters, as Crowley’s fondness for Dean is no longer an issue. If the king is murdered, it will be his own fault.”
‘Maybe,’ she signs back. He catches a moment of doubt on her face, one she buries just as quickly. ‘I hope so.’
It was brilliant, actually. Faced with your worst nightmare, how could you be expected to function? It was lucky, Castiel supposed that he never had much of an imagination.
“I fucking hate you,” says Cas. He kisses Dean like he loves him though, and that’s all that matters.
It’s about an hour until go time when Jack finally musters up whatever it is that compels him to ask Dean again what happened to Cas. Considering they’re all dead if this doesn’t work, and Dean doesn’t really see himself outliving this anyway, Dean tells him the truth. More robotic than how he told Sam. Like it’s just a thing that happened. Like it’s not slowly tearing Dean to shreds from the inside out.
Cas and Claire waited until the last person had cleared the block, and then sprinted for the entrance. Cas was only just faster, so he took out the guy standing nervously by the door, dragging him into a chokehold and releasing him once he was unconscious. Claire, meanwhile, knocked out the other two guards in the room with a homemade slingshot. From there, it was an easy task to drag the men’s bodies out of sight and continue on into the prison.
It was a strangely peaceful feeling. Every last worry and scrap of guilt suddenly became unimportant and slid off his shoulders like rainwater.
“Could you get on with it, Dad?” muttered Gabriel, the least reverential of Chuck’s remaining sons. He was also the one who would likely make the best king, despite the fact he had inherited much of Chuck’s desire to dodge responsibility and conflict. Unlike his father, their was a certain amount of creativity and compassion that clung to him. Besides this, he had a sense of humor about the world and about himself, as every good leader should. “I mean, not to rush you, but you literally might be killing a couple of us here, so…”
“I know,” said Selma sadly. “I only meant sometimes it feels like everything’s like that. Just an inch away from my fingertips, no matter how hard I reach.”
“Alice is a pretty name!” Charlie says, frowning at Dean in disapproval. She turns to Alice only to see she’s even grumpier at hearing this. “And very kickass too. Totally a kickass name.”
“You grew up in Acedia,” Castiel said. Sam hummed an agreement and started walking back toward town. Castiel fell into step. “You and Dean.”
Kali’s eyes left him and returned to Gabriel who offered her a smile that seemed too soft for the cynical set of his face. For a moment, there was little about him that seemed to be the mocking man Castiel had spent the last twelve hours with in a car.
Dean dives headlong into elsewhere to stop Sam following. Dean has been noticed. It’s only a matter of time before the drowning begins again.
Charlie half smiled at him before she went back to her work, going over the equations Ash had started jotting down when it was clear that Cas wasn’t going to be taking his side either. Cas was about to turn around and go off to find Selma, when he heard someone else from behind him speak.
“No. But you can’t always win by turning the other cheek. And we need to win,” said Dean, not giving an inch. “Mind if I sit with you for a bit?”
“Alright, just… just shut up, alright?” said Dean, stress leaking into his voice. “You’re not making any damn sense, and it’s scaring me, okay?”
Dean picked the book back up, and flipped through before finding his page. He looked up at Cas and wiggled his eyebrows before starting to read.
“Slightly less sound of body, now,” Naomi said, once again addressing the camera. “Again, there will be hourly updates as to Castiel’s condition. I would suggest you surrender quickly.”
“I wasn’t finished,” he said. “This state of affairs drove Anna to near madness and she decided to take the matter of discipline into her own hands. She requested time from the state to put us all in our place and they gave her a week. She proceeded to put us through our paces. Mercilessly. I am certain no one had more than two hours of sleep each night for the first four days. And anyone who didn’t meet her expectations was subject to repeating whatever punishment she had thought up for us until they satisfied her or collapsed from exhaustion.”
“Maybe he just doesn’t want to see me,” says Dean a little flippantly, and it feels like a dam breaking. “But I’ve been running through the list.”
Cas just looks at him then, and Dean wishes he would stop. Wishes he could just live in whatever fucking courage he’d had the night before, and just be with Cas as if it were as simple as that. As if a thousand different problems weren’t wrapped up in what happened next.
“I got it,” says Dean, pushing away Mary’s comforting hand on his shoulder. He walks into the backyard and shuts the door behind him. His heart is beating so fast, he’s half certain he’s about to have a heart attack. “You’re lucky Lydia wasn’t the one who called, or I would have let Bobby tear her a new one.”
That was true. Still, it wasn’t pleasant to know that he was now surrounded by people he knew little about who knew everything that mattered about him. It wasn’t something he had bothered to hide either, and how could he? His status as a soldier was his entire life, and his garrison was most of what he knew about the world.
They sat under the tree, and sunlight filtered down green onto Anna’s bare shoulders, which Castiel was pressing a series of light kisses into. He moved up to her neck as she sat there impassively, staring into nothing.
Dean sat down next to him and didn’t say a word. It was almost like being alone again, in a way. It was comforting. The problem was Castiel didn’t want to be comforted.
“Claire,” says Cas, trying to quell further questions. Her eyebrows go way up at whatever she sees in his expression. “What I’m trying to say is I’m sorry. I should have realized you would be upset, thinking I was dead. If I had thought it for even a moment, I would have told you that I was alive. I hope you can forgive me any pain I caused you.”
“You have to,” said Cas. “I’m not an ally, I’m a liability. The sooner you understand that, the better.”
“So what? I’m just supposed to live some quiet life and hope there isn’t a fucking sequel?” asks Dean.
“Fuck you, Benny,” said Lydia, taking her daughter’s hand and stalking off towards the stairs while Benny yelled after her to get back where she was supposed to be. Castiel took advantage of the chaos that was everyone trying to get organized so he could slip after Lydia, hopefully unnoticed. No one else bothered to chase her down.
Sam sees the moment Cas’ expression changes from one of open anguish to a quiet kind of triumph. He sees the moment Dean realizes it too, hears Claire curse under her breath.
“It’s good to see you again, too, darling,” says Crowley. “And I was rather under the impression that you wouldn’t be signing. Not that it matters what you do in any case, considering you only keep walking as long as the rest of your friends keep in line.”
“With physical therapy and a couple of months rest,” Jody surmises. There is a short silence, and Claire strains to hear what comes next. “Forgot I broke a bone or two recently, too, huh? Miss being young sometimes. Getting to bounce back from everything, not a care in the world.”
Mary Winchester is sitting at the piano, tapping out the melody to Hey Jude against the keys, hesitantly. She fingers one note after the other. Dean sits next to her. She lets him finish the melody.
“Don’t,” says Dean. “I’ll show up. You’re already looking for help, you can’t afford to be down a mechanic.”
“Right. Hey, Jo!” Benny yelled to across the street. From out of the office Dr. Newman usually worked out of ran Jo, who looked like she was expecting an emergency. “I’ve got a patient for you. I think he needs medical attention.”
“We could hitchhike through Europe, or catch a ferry to New Zealand. Or…” said Claire, trailing off. Above them, a shooting star rocketed past. This would be important to remember for later. “I mean, there has to be something.”
Mary led him to the back of the kitchen. It was surprisingly empty, and Cas had the feeling she had arranged it to be that way. Mary sat down at the break table and waited until Cas sat down across from her. A period of silence passed, and Castiel found himself growing nervous.
He’d forgotten about the cat. The sole reason Charlie had decided to trust him so quickly was that “Crookshanks knows when people are bad news”. It was a power Charlie seemed to truly believe cats possessed. Castiel looked down at the grey ball of fur that seemed almost obnoxiously determined to like him and sighed.
And then, they stopped. It felt right to step back just then. As if one more second would have been too much to bear.
“I mean, he did have the keys,” said Dean. “I like to think I’m a good judge of character. For the most part, at least. You give good people options, they try to do the right thing. So, I have to ask you: Are you going to do the right thing?”
There is no better or simpler way to put it. It is a dimension designed for endless suffering, full of ambitious cretins dying to install their own regimes and hapless newcomers (many of them very bad people in their own right) that have yet to be ripped into. It is exhausting to manage on a day to day basis, and even more so since some of Rowena’s subjects have started to openly rebel against her.
“You’re not,” said Dean. He reached a hand out to cup Cas’ cheek, considering his face thoughtfully.  “You never were.”
Sitting at that stool, in a dive bar where no one knew his name, Dean could feel stuck in time. Like he was a figurine in a snow globe, never having to come to terms with the consequences of time passing him by. And sure, he probably wouldn’t pick to be stuck in these awful moments of anticipation for the rest of time, but it was better than the alternative. It was better than the sun coming up.
He only had to say one thing to get Jack to follow him. He knew what it was the second he’d figured out he was gonna be the one to try to talk Jack down. Two words designed to make Jack want to hear more, to demand to hear more.
“But you didn’t,” Dean points out. He makes a shaky sign for good. “You’ve got a good head on your shoulders. I think you made the right call for you.”
“You think Naomi left us with people who are in any way sympathetic?” scoffed Cas. “Jo, they do not care if you die. They know Mary won’t surrender. This is just to buy them time, and chances are they think you’re dead already. We can’t escape. We won’t be rescued.”
“Good,” said Dean. “Now get low to the fucking ground, because if you pass out I am going to be really pissed carrying your ass up the stairs.”
Cas had spent the day before this meeting helping to clear debris and pass out food to former citizens of the state who were understandably wary of them. There had been more than one attempt to take out resistance members by any soldiers who had evaded death or capture, or even just people who supported the state and were trying to retake the city.
“Emma told me you wanted to go through the door,” said Dean. “And I gotta be honest, my first instinct was to send you as far away from the thing as possible. The truth is, though, I don’t have a right to keep you from there. But I didn’t know how to tell you, so…”
“So he’s concerned,” Cas mused to himself. “Do you think it might be dangerous, going to Guttur? Perhaps it would be better if we went straight to Libidine instead.”
“When it suits me,” says Billie, shrugging as if she sees nothing strange about this. “He’s useful. And he’s sworn himself to my service, in the strongest possible terms. Forever.”
Tamara was similarly efficient with her report when Sam found her, though Sam took a moment to inquire after her personally as well. Castiel averted his eyes as they spoke, feeling as though he were perhaps invading on a private moment. Their voices were lowered, and faces close together in muted intimacy. After Sam had had his moment with his wife, he returned to Castiel and they walked further on to find Gordon.
“We can’t,” Dean pointed out. It was either very late at night, or very early in the morning and the two of them had snuck away from camp once again. They sat side by side, their backs against the smaller of the two cars. If anyone came to ask what they were doing, Cas supposed keeping watch would be an adequate excuse.
The two men startle, and Jody turns to look at her with them. There’s something in her expression telling Claire to be careful. About what she doesn’t want to think about, but it’s not like she didn’t figure out what Alex’s locked door meant. Because, well, her door has a lock too, and it’s not like she’s worried about Patience or Alex bursting in when she’s half dressed, because hello, not like Alex hasn’t had to patch her up however many fucking times anyway. But hey, no one wants to be interrupted when they’re making time-
“You included, I assume,” said Cas. Dean laughed, one hands snaking up from Cas’ shoulders to rest on the back of his head. His thumb rubbed gently against the nape of Cas’ neck, and Cas rested more of his weight on Dean. “Unless you’ve changed your mind about that.”
“Naomi killed Samandriel, Hannah,” said Cas. “She poisoned me, and sent me to my death. That is who you are defending. Not the state.”
“Easy,” he said. Cas stopped trying to continue kissing him and frowned at him instead. “So that’s how you kiss someone. Maybe try it out a few times before you shackle your dumb ass to me.”
Apparently Kubrick, whoever he was (Castiel remembered Selma had mentioned he was one of the few other Christians in camp), was worse than this Lydia because Benny instantly took a different tone.
“Yeah. You did,” Benny acknowledged, making Cas flinch. “You made a mistake and it almost had some pretty serious consequences. So I imagine, given what I know about you, that you’re feeling like shit right now. Some of that is good. It teaches you not to do that kind of shit again. But you have a problem taking things to extremes.”
They brought out some kind of fried meat that was the best thing Castiel had eaten possibly in his entire life. Something of the distrust left Ellen’s eyes at least, after she saw him eating. He stared back at her placidly, feeling some of the weight lift from his shoulders. He had had a hand in saving this town, despite his alliance being with Naomi at the time. Of all the things he had to feel guilty about, this place wasn’t one of them.
“Jack got hungry,” he says curtly, by way of explanation. Dean moves out of the doorway, letting Jack slip by.
Castiel shoved Dean and listened with satisfaction at the thump of him hitting the floor. Dean looked up at him, and Cas tried not to drunkenly lose his balance while he stood over Dean. There was nothing much intimidating about falling over your own feet.
“I’m merely trying to work out the intricacies of nepotism and whether or not its beneficial as a method of organizing a militia,” said Castiel. He could see the gears turning in Sam’s head as he realized what Castiel was implying. “Not to insult you, but you make little sense as a second in command from a strategic point of view. You’re younger than all of the captains and have a history of disloyalty to the cause.”
Jo laughed, looking around at the empty street and then pointing with her finger and imitating a gun going off at what appeared to be nothing. It wasn’t long until a man in well worn clothes and a mullet stepped from behind it and walked up to Jo, looking more frustrated than happy to see her.
When news had hit that Invidia had fallen, the resistance headquarters within Superbia had been thrown into overdrive. Gabriel and Kali had hardly let their men celebrate the news before he was putting them to work. They would have two days before they could expect Mary Winchester’s forces to connect with the army Dean had amassed, and perhaps a day more before they attacked. Once they had attacked, Castiel’s chance to resolve the conflict would be over.
“No,” said Cas firmly. “I did… I overheard them saying they planned on deserting, but I didn’t think they would do so this soon, and I had no way to know they would help Kelly. I assure all of you that I have always been more of a pawn than a player in all of this.”
Jo tugged her shoe back on aggressively and made her way over to the hole that had been blasted in the cell. She just barely managed to wiggle through, and by the time she had there were voices getting louder as someone came to investigate the loud noise. Jo took the opposite hallway, and had a two minute head start before the people in charge of watching them finally saw fit to check if the prisoners were the one who had set off the explosion instead of checking the perimeter. Castiel followed their instructions, falling to the ground with his hands clearly visible.
“I’m sending Claire with you to see you to Libidine, and then back here,” said Chuck. “And I don’t know what Castiel told you about what happened there, but trust me. It’s all true. And once he sees it…”
Before lunch, Castiel spent the morning in meetings with Risa, Linda, and Rufus to catch up on possible roles they might take in any attempts to overthrow Azazel. Castiel had been alarmed the first time this had happened, but had quickly gathered that: one, these meetings had been happening for years and as of yet Ira had not fallen and two, any plans to make another attempt at an all out revolt in Ira were dependent on factors that were not currently in the resistance’s favor. Public morale had swung towards the state after Libidine fell, and the complete lack of details surrounding Libidine’s current situation led Castiel to believe either Mary was no longer in contact with the faction who had successfully overthrown the city, or it was going so horrifically that revealing any details would only hurt the mythologized feeling of inertia that had built up around a single success.
Claire did know that Alex was going to college out of state, and that she wanted to be a doctor, and that all the teachers at school acted like the sun shone out of her ass because of everything she had overcome to become the perfect fucking little valedictorian. She knew that when she’d confided in Kaia that Alex’s boyfriend during their junior year was a skeezball, Alex had responded by saying Claire was jealous because nobody wanted to date her. It was months of hurt that drove her to say what she said next.
It weighs on all of them again, suddenly. What they are about to do. Cas supposes he isn’t as tense as the rest of them because the decision itself is behind him. Has been for a long time. And yes, perhaps Billie does have something up her proverbial sleeve, but… He just doesn’t think so. She tends towards the straight forward, and what she had said made sense. Alright, Castiel doesn’t actually believe that she’s unaware that her proposed changes make her the most powerful being in the universe but- Well, if there is such a thing as wielding power well, she is more likely than most to do it. Probably.
“Don’t you kind of wish I did bite it?” he says. “I mean you’d be sad, sure. Cas would… Cas would be angry, but he’d have Jack. Probably Claire, too, actually. And I mean, who knows, not like he’s exactly hard up in the looks department, he could move on if he wants to. Find some other guy to make him happy. It’d be kind of a relief, right?”
“Cas?” yawned Charlie from her room. She had the door closed behind her, which meant likely she’d had company the previous night. Castiel didn’t pay much attention to it and Charlie had fortunately not broached the subject. He didn’t see it as any of his business. “You’re up early.”
‘You don’t think you and I would share a Heaven?’ signs Sam. He realizes how insane a question that is about two seconds later and hurries to add. ‘Not now, but… eventually?’
“They don’t trust me,” he admitted. “I live with Charlie, and don’t interact very much with the other members of camp. I… I spent a morning with Sarah helping with paperwork, but they don’t use the state standard dating system and I kept forgetting the year they were using so she hinted she wanted me to leave and I obliged. Charlie has a cat.”
The boy and the witch left the next day with all the other people from the worlds of elsewhere. Dean was not awake to say goodbye or to miss him, and slowly Dean began to distance himself from that night. He and Jo were married, and he found some of his old feeling for her returning. One of the happiest days of his life was the day he found out that Jo was expecting. For months they were happy.
Instead of dwelling on it, Castiel sat himself down far from the edge, crossed his legs, and breathed. The chasm did not disappear, but it became only an annoyance. A whisper in Castiel’s ear, quietly reminding him that it was there.
It’s nice. Dean feels... comfortable. He’s got a glass of red wine and Patience is telling a hilarious story about some girl who came into the on-campus psychic stall she hosts (for a small fee) asking her to figure out the next time it was gonna rain and being furious that Patience was right five days later. Apparently this set off a series of events in which Patience is pretty sure she now has a nemesis and doesn’t know how to get Katie, who is very determined to prove Patience is a fraud, to move on with her life and stop visiting her every day. She does appreciate the extra pocket change her newest regular is bringing in though. And then Donna and Jody are doing dueling impressions of their coworkers, and Dean nearly spurts wine out of his nose busting up and-
“You’re unpleasant and secretive,” said Castiel. It was perhaps childish, but it made him feel better nonetheless.
“Oh,” said Castiel, thinking of Jessica’s twin Cordelia casually drinking at a midday meal. “I was under the impression alcoholism was… ignored here.”
“Never!” said Emma. She must have rethought this however, because her next question was. “Can I read the bedtime story to you instead?”
“Maybe I was just curious what you’d feel like on top of me,” said Dean nonchalantly. Cas’ mind stumbled over the words in vague bewilderment, and before he could realize what was happening, Dean had used his distraction to escape. When Cas tried to get up to resume the fight, he felt a knee come down hard at the small of his back and his arms were yanked out from under him. He struggled a moment, but it was no use. Charlie declared Dean the official winner, after which Dean let Cas go and helped him to his feet.
“I don’t like shooting people,” Castiel said. “And your troubles are not mine. Whoever you have killed, that is for your shoulders. I have my own burdens to bear.”
“No, I mean,” says Jack. “He was always so confident. That it wasn’t his time. I was always watching him. Always worried. But then bad things kept happening and there was a part of me that hoped he’d never be happy. If it meant he got to stay a little longer. I guess it never occurred to me that he knew. That he was choosing not to go.”
“So you want to help us out of the goodness of your heart, huh?” said the man, leaning over Castiel slightly in an obvious attempt to be intimidating. Castiel kept his expression carefully bored. “How do we know you’re on our side?”
“I see,” Naomi said, rubbing her forehead for a moment. “Do you have anything we can use against the two Winchesters then? Attacking Barnes directly would be… complicated.”
“I do care about him,” she says at last. “He’s young. He wants to be good so very badly. He’s nothing like my brother was. He really could have been better. With some practice, at least.”
“What Sam’s trying to say,” Dean says. “Is that we’ve noticed a few odd occurrences in the past few months since we kicked your almighty ass. Figured we’d come to you for a little enlightenment.”
Unlike before, however, neither Corbett, nor Maggie, nor Kevin felt any need to actually be around Castiel, and they usually just spent the night at the end of the hall. This was a relief because it meant Castiel had time to himself.
Dean is having trouble thinking of anything other than the fact that Sam is not supposed to be here and he isn’t supposed to see what he is seeing. He stares straight ahead. There’s a whiskey on the rocks at the bar. John Winchester is nowhere to be seen.
“You saying you love me, Cas?” Dean asked. It was a joke. It wasn’t subtle that it was joke, in fact it was over-telegraphed to the point no one on earth could have missed it. Cas took the question seriously, anyway, if only out of spite.
“Give yourself a rest, my man,” said Dr. Newman. “It’s not infected, but this swelling’s gonna hurt like a motherfucker once we get you off painkillers if you don’t let it heal up. Try resting with your feet up, it might help. And don’t run around like a crazy person.”
Dean looks like he wants to argue, but doesn’t. Probably realizes Jody is right. Claire herself is very familiar with that phenomenon and she can see the same annoyed expression on Dean’s face that she always makes. She clears her throat, taking advantage of the lull in the conversation.
The images of soldiers hanging from nooses came back to him. Castiel swallowed thickly, trying to force away the nausea. Dean seemed to take his meaning.
Castiel’s eyes shifted to Dean’s second in command. He was much more difficult to parse than his brother, and the exact role he held in the group dynamics was not as immediately obvious as Dean’s or Billie’s or even Charlie’s. This meant of course he was not to be underestimated. It’s a rare man who can so thoroughly hide their true nature at will.
And the fucker had the nerve to pat Dean’s cheek as he said it. Dean spit at him, hoping the crocotta was close enough for a direct hit. But the crocotta just laughed, then hauled back and broke Dean’s nose for good measure. The hot rush of blood flooding down Dean’s face was a distraction from the horrifying shit the guy had just suggested, so there was that at least.
Dean stared at him. He supposed this was a way to prove he loved Jo, by giving up some essential part of himself. It was certainly a bold step, and if nothing else proved he was perfectly serious in her attentions to her. Yet, somehow, he couldn’t bring himself to do it.
There was hardly room for the ten of them. Castiel swallowed the sudden urge to cry, seeing them gathered around him, looking at him like they cared about him. The worst part was he knew they did, each and every one of them. Even Uriel he thought to himself, and laughed out loud at that thought, a choked thing that made Balthazar grin at him.
“Let me talk to her, Dean,” says Bobby, and he’s got his overprotective scowl on again. “Make sure she stops calling for good this time.”
“Pass it,” Cas said without hesitation, grievances and uncomfortable conversation with Benny forgotten. He nearly choked when he tried to take a long swallow and realized the alcohol was much stronger than he was used to. He played it off and took another swallow, feeling it burn on the way down before passing it to Benny. Jo took it last and took a few sips.
Jo had managed to find a sharp edge on one of the bars and worked at freeing herself from her ropes for three hours while ignoring Castiel’s tired lack of motivation to do anything at all. It must have been very late at night when she finally let out a little cry of triumph, pulling her hands from behind her back and rubbing at her wrists. She unlaced her boots and removed them so she would be able to slip the ropes on her ankles. Then she took a knife hidden in the heel of her boot and walked over to Castiel.
“I think I’m not a spy,” Castiel answered back. “And if you hadn’t noticed, I’ve been sent to Risa, the patron saint of lost causes in Dean’s militia. I’m here right now because I wasn’t wanted in Ira. So I suppose I just find it funny that you seem to think I have even the slightest bit of power in that relationship.”
“That isn’t as helpful as you think it is,” said Cas. Jack looked affronted. “You’re naive. Your view of right and wrong is black and white in a way that isn’t functional. It’s important to me that I’m not drawing an arbitrary line in the sand.”
He can feel the warding he put up at work, diffusing any signal from his grace that might be picked up by someone looking for him. In a way, his power is emanating from ten to the fortieth discreet places across Earth and the universe at the same time, none of which are traceable to Jody Mills’ home (as long as he does not use too much of it). It is, with any luck, enough to confuse God himself. If not, well, it is enough to confuse Dean Winchester.
“Well, I’m here for a reason,” Zachariah said at last. “You want something, or you wouldn’t be trying to keep them alive for leverage. Let me guess, you want me to spare Sanctus from the punishment that is due to those who commit treason?”
“Hopefully not. All reports we’ve gotten from Kate have indicated they’ve been isolating themselves from the other cities. They intend to survive, not help. If I had to guess our problem will be refugees.”
Castiel wasn’t certain if he was angry. This was betrayal, pure and simple, though he was sure neither Dean nor Charlie saw it that way. The words he heard himself say sounded angry, but it was as if someone else was saying them. Someone who hadn’t spent months being reassured by Garth that it was okay not to blurt out the least helpful possible thing in any given situation.
Charlie just stared at him then. As if she didn’t know him at all. Castiel couldn’t bring himself to feel shame. He couldn’t bring himself to feel anything just then. He was wrung out of emotions. He didn’t feel sad anymore, even. Just… empty.
“No, I mean… it doesn’t seem right, in a lifetime in which I’ve made the choices I’ve made that I should get your time and attention,” said Cas. “If only because I want them so badly. It’s hardly fair.”
“If you were smart, you would have shot her when you were told to,” said Gadreel. “You’re not the first soldier to fall for a traitor, and you’re not the first to do so with a member of their garrison.”
“Oh. That,” said Castiel, after a few seconds silence following the kiss. “I was planning on ignoring it.”
Dean doesn’t look surprised to be addressed directly. And why would he? He’s already made his mind up. He’s gonna walk into a room he thinks he’s going to die in, and he’s gonna do it with a smile on his face. And if Sam tries to stop him, the world ends. Because if someone needs to be in there with Jack, it can’t be Sam. Because Sam is the only one who’ll be able to figure out how to bind the room in time. And Dean’s just stubborn enough to refuse to learn how to do it, so he still gets one final round to be the big damn hero.
“Yes, and why would someone feel pressured into giving consent to the scary people with guns who patrol the streets?” Castiel asked, raising an eyebrow at Gabriel.
She was sparing him, but making sure he knew who had turned them in. He couldn’t understand why she would do this. To hurt him? She had to know he would swat away whatever pathetic attempt at revenge this was, kill her if he had to. But there was something in her eyes that made him stay to the shadows. As if he were in on the joke somehow. As if they were on the same side.
“I do not know these things,” said Jack, clearly trying to parse together what ‘hit that’ was a euphemism for. “Should I know these things?”
“I don’t think demeaning my religion during my existential crisis is the wisest idea you’ve ever had,” said Cas. He spoke too softly, and he was barely able to manage his usual level of sarcastic disdain. A fresh wave of horror fell over him as he contemplated what living out the rest of his days meant. “It’s never going to end.”
“What happens if we win. If Sam actually… does it?” Dean asked. He hadn’t even had the courage to ask himself this question, but somehow it seemed okay to ask Cas. Because Cas didn’t have all the answers, but he had a lot of them. Because Dean wanted someone to tell him that it was going to be alright, even though he knew that wasn’t true.
“Yeah. Me too,” said Dean, before leaning in again. It was better, that second time. Less angry. Less like a trigger finger ready to pull. Cas could feel Dean’s muscles relaxing under his hands, like they’d just been waiting for someone, anyone, to touch them like this.
“Pretty much,” Dean confirmed. Jo didn’t wait a second longer before abandoning her drink to follow after Charlie up the stairs. Dean rolled his eyes and took her drink so he could pour it into his own. “More for me.”
It occurs to Patience then that she has people she wants back too. That she has a kind of power right now, a power that even Castiel couldn’t dream of. She knows how the world ends, maybe even how to stop it from ending. That’s the kind of bargaining power you don’t get that often. Maybe a once in a lifetime kind of thing. It’s so huge, she just marvels at it for a second. She is, for the next couple of hours at least, the most important person on the planet. There is even a part of her that knows that she could bargain out a few lost souls from Castiel. Her grandmother. Her mother. Claire’s father. Jody’s kid, that little boy in all her pictures who never grows up.
“No,” Castiel said quickly, feeling his throat constrict around the word. Not more than he already had by revealing her existence at least. Emma seemed to take his word for it, relaxing minutely and smiling once again.
“I was made an example of and tortured in Superbia,” he said flatly. Claire didn’t even flinch, but considering what she had seen in Libidine, that wasn’t so surprising. “I don’t understand what you want from me.”
Cas watches as the scene freezes, suspended in Billie’s hands. He can feel her watching him, knows she has seen the way his hands have clenched into his fists. She can probably hear his grace thrumming, anxious as a hummingbird. It is one thing to know that Dean is going to die, again, and he is once more put into the position of choosing between what he should do and what he wants to do. (He should let Dean die. It is the unfortunate result of Dean’s own actions, and much as Castiel hates it there is no argument he could spin that would justify resurrecting Dean twice that would go unpunished.) But to know, not only that Dean is at death’s door once again, but that the monster responsible would use his voice, that the last thing Dean would ever hear would be-
“You didn’t have much of a choice,” said Dean. “Cas, they kidnapped you when you were just a kid. I’m not holding a little brainwashing over your head, and neither should-“
Which was a fair point, Castiel had to admit. He adjusted his arm, which had tingles running up and down it so that he regained a certain amount of blood flow. Dean resettled with him, his arm now flung across Cas’ chest.
It was a question that stayed in his head all through the night, as they told their parents and the news began to spread through Lebanon. Excluding other men Dean’s age (and one very sad girl) who had had their eyes on Jo, everyone was overjoyed to hear the news. And yet Dean wasn’t. He didn’t feel a sense of accomplishment, or even contentment.
“I just wanted you both to know what fucking idiots you are,” said Dean. Jo elbowed him hard and Dean elbowed her back. “Running off like that was a dumb move. I know you think you were doing the right thing-“
“You realize two can play at this game?” Cas asked, opening the book again. He had the entirety of it practically memorized he’d read through each poem so many times now. He still flipped to the correct page, and began to read. “Wild nights, Wild nights. Were I with thee, Wild nights should be our luxury. Futile, the winds, to a Heart in port, done with the Compass, done with the Chart. Rowing in Eden, ah, the Sea! Might I but moor, tonight, in thee?”
“We aren’t going to kill children,” she said. Her eyes flickered across the room like she was looking for something, and she subtly nodded to someone else in the room who wasn't from their garrison. She ran off quickly, and Anna looked satisfied. There was shouting from elsewhere, and Castiel had forgotten that that had happened. He had always been so focused on what happened next.
The boy who walked in was sixteen years old, and had a patch on his jacket that identified him as a soldier in training. Castiel had put his money on the table within a second of seeing him and was about to wait until the boy was distracted before slipping out quietly, but it was too late. Too young eyes focused in on him, and Castiel reacted by pulling out his gun and pointing it at the boy.
He realizes he has no choice but to accept this. That he’s staring down the barrel of a very lonely fucking life again, and Eileen feels a little like a life raft. Except she’s more than that, she shouldn’t have to be that.
“I don’t see the same man staring back at me,” said Hannah. Her sadness spoke volumes. “You look like death warmed over. If that’s what leaving did to you, what is it going to do to all of us?”
Castiel wondered a moment if someone condensed his life down to words on a page, if he would be the villain. Strip him of anything human, and focus on all the things he did in the name of the state.
“Hey,” Jo said, stopping the two of them for a second. “You don’t need to bullshit me okay? Friends don’t let friends carry all their crap alone.”
Kaia looks around and winces as she catches sight of Dean’s bruised face and broken nose. Yeah, ouch.
“Yeah, I guess,” said Jo, though she still sounded put out. Cas raised an eyebrow at her curiously and then. “Charlie and I are taking a break.”
Castiel faltered. He knew he had come up to the line of admitting to Jo just how far from friendly intentions he had had when he first met her, but he’d never actually thought she knew just what he was trying to admit to.
Joshua frowned thoughtfully, and spent another thirty seconds thinking before he answered. When he did he spoke with care, as though every word was carefully chosen.
People were up now and everyone was rushing toward where they feared they were under attack. Cas meanwhile, was running in the opposite direction to where he knew Meg would be trying to take Charlie. However, several things would be working against Meg until he had time to get there. For one, Castiel had disarmed Meg’s weapons the night before and also made sure that Charlie had a knife within reach before he had left that morning. For another, once Jo had started to be suspicious of him, he had done everything in his power to increase that suspicion. It was only a matter of time before-
“Rowena got tipped off the royal army was away,” he said. “She sieged Crowley’s place and reunited Canada. We signed the deal with Crowley, not her.”
“He’s Cas,” Dean says again, feeling a little helpless as he does it. He saved Dean from Hell. He betrayed Dean and spent years trying to make up for it. The two of them have been trying to save each other since the second they met, and their friendship has been a pillar of support and a noose getting tighter around Dean’s neck until it’s just about ready to snap. What’s there to say in all that that hasn’t already been said? “He’s just… he’s my- he’s kinda mine, y’know?”
“Maybe another time,” Castiel said. “At the moment I’m talking to you. It would be rude, I think, to leave. Besides… I have no idea where to go to eat.”
“We escaped?” Cas asked out loud, not wanting to open his eyes just yet. No one answered at first. Then he heard the sound of someone shifting in a chair and he turned his head to slowly blink open his eyes and see Dean sitting in an upholstered chair that had obviously been dragged into the room.
“Anywhere,” Cas agrees. Dean murmurs the word against Cas’ lips, a stolen moment in a world not his own. Cas doesn’t follow him out of the swirling portal of light. He never does. Dean would stay longer, but the way the hair on his neck stands up lets him know he’s already being tracked down with ruthless efficiency.
“I very much like your ideas, Jo Harvelle,” Castiel said, feeling himself start to relax at the mindlessness that kind of activity would let him engage in.
“We can’t get into anything they’re communicating internally,” she said. “I’m already leaving a couple of holes in our defenses just to eavesdrop on outgoing and incoming messages. So while we know that there is a plan to take out camps surrounding Invidia, we don’t know the specifics of it.”
Castiel didn’t need to be told twice. He pocketed his radio and jumped, landing heavily on the roof of the elevator. Just as he expected, there was an emergency hatch that opened into the elevator. The room was empty, luckily, and all of the lights were off. Charlie had cut power to the elevator just as he had hoped she would. Carefully, Cas began to pry apart the doors, creating about an inch of space through which he could observe what kind of environment he was about to enter.
“I don’t understand,” Cas says. And Dean is making him miserable again. Doesn’t that just prove the point that Cas is too thick to get through his skull. “That’s not what happened-”
They tune into Some Like it Hot because it’s on some random channel and Jody is still paying for cable for some reason, and mostly everyone talks over the movie. Dean finds himself watching Claire and Kaia instead of the screen. The way Kaia rests her head on Claire’s shoulder and whispers in her ear and strokes Claire’s arm like it’s a nervous habit. The way Claire leans into her, the way Kaia draws out her first smile of the night. The way Claire tells Kaia she loves her, quiet and certain and without reservation…
‘Makes sense,’ Eileen signs. Sam raises an eyebrow, and Eileen shrugs. ‘When’s the last time he dated? Actual dates.’
“I don’t think you’re alone,” said Castiel. Everyone seemed twitchy, and it didn’t encourage confidence in their ability to respond well once the threat was at hand. “It makes sense for them to bide their time. It only means more opportunity for them to plan and for us to make a mistake that they can exploit.”
“I’m feeling kind of tired,” Charlie said. Although she said this to everyone, the audience meant to receive the message was pretty obviously only Jo. The message was received, as evidenced by Jo’s half drunken and self satisfied smirk. “I’m going to head up. See you guys tomorrow.”
“She’ll be fine,” said Sam firmly. “Dean is consolidating everyone and we’re strategizing for a counter attack. Right now the focus is getting as many people functional as quickly as possible.”
Still, Dean can tell Sam has another motive. It’s about the seventh time Dean catches Sam looking concerned out of the corner of his eye (as if Dean doesn’t know what this is, as if Sam hasn’t always thrown himself at Dean’s problems so he can avoid his own). But Dean… he doesn’t want to talk about it.
“The desires of a man can be multitudinous and contradictory,” said Cas. Dean raised an eyebrow. “I think more than one version of you can be true.”
“It could,” said Castiel. Anna raised an eyebrow at him, and leant back slightly. Cas felt himself almost lurch forward in response, and Anna matched the motion so they met in the middle. Castiel’s eyes slid closed as he kissed her. It only lasted a few seconds, but when drew back and opened his eyes he nearly jumped out of his skin to see a face that very much wasn’t Anna’s staring back at him.
And that was fine. It wasn’t as if they were actually… anything. Cas didn’t expect or want Dean to wait for him to get his act together.
Cas hurries over and steadies him before he can collapse in the face of his newfound exhaustion. Soon he finds himself sat up in one of the library chairs, and slowly he can feel himself stabilizing. His body acclimatizing in a way that is establishing a new normal. There is still the chance he might throw up before it’s done, but he is trying very hard not to.
“Figures I’d choose now,” she repeated. “Doc wanted me to stay tonight to make sure I was okay. Then he wants me on two weeks bed rest. The fucking bastard.”
“Oh,” Mandy said, recognition flickering across her eyes. “Hello, handsome. You know, you shouldn’t scare people like that.”
Avoiding the people who were supposed to be on watch was perhaps too easy, and Cas briefly noted in his head that perhaps he should inform someone about that. Dean or Naomi, or even just Charlie. Someone. Then he tried shaking that thought from his head as he started pushing himself faster, welcoming the distracting burn in his calfs as he ran through the broken down streets of Ira, avoiding spots where the road cracked down the center or where sidewalks were reduced to sharp pieces of rubble.
Despite wishing Garth hadn’t gone into quite so much detail, Cas was still glad he had asked him, if only because Garth hadn’t once made fun of him. Even before he knew specifically about soldiers being prohibited from having sex, he hadn’t made a comment about it being strange that Castiel would ask something like that.
“Everybody dies,” says Cas. “You know that better than most. But you live in the meantime. Couldn’t I promise you that?”
“That’s what it will look like,” said Castiel. “After Libidine fell, Zachariah is going to be even more wary than he would be otherwise.”
At CJS, Castiel had not caught sight of anyone under the age of eighteen the entire time he had been there. Now, he had already spotted a few of them playing in a small area that had clearly been set aside for them. Dean’s test was beginning to make even more sense. He hadn’t wanted Castiel anywhere near the resistance’s more vulnerable members. The lack of walls here made separating Castiel from any possible contact with them impossible.
The devices themselves could be reused, but they required radioactive materials that the state had a complete monopoly on. Considering hospitals were more well guarded than any other building accepting the one where the mayor worked, it wasn't surprising that no one working for Dean or Mary or any of the other resistance leaders had managed to steal them.
“A friend of mine died under their orders,” Castiel said emotionlessly. The man snorted and Castiel kept his anger under check with effort. “Avenging her death would be… appreciated.”
It was as close to anything remotely resembling a ‘you’re welcome’ that he would be getting out of Uriel. It was enough, and Castiel felt gratitude surge through him. He considered attempting to convey this, but ultimately decided that it was better left unsaid. They had been part of the same garrison, brothers. It shouldn’t so surprising that Uriel would save him.
Castiel mulled that over in his head. The urgency suggested to him several things. The first thing he suspected was that this move was planned, but had been scheduled for a later date. If that was true, Dean hadn’t been trying to throw him off guard by making it seem as though he would be returning to Camp Jefferson Starship. If a scheduled change in location was moved up, Castiel had to suspect it had something to do with the uprising in Libidine. But if this was a continuation of an aggressive campaign against the state, Invidia was probably their worst choice to attack. It was one of the few cities that rarely needed an influx of state police support for the simple fact almost everyone who lived there was as loyal and devoted as one could reasonably hope to be. Putting aside his confusion over the reason for the move however, Castiel could put what Charlie and Jo had asked of him in a different context. If Dean had thought he’d have more time to determine where Castiel’s loyalties lay before moving, then he would be hesitant to let Castiel in on the fact that they were moving to Invidia in case he made some attempt to communicate this to Naomi before he left. In addition, he had to ensure that there was a level of trust and dedication to the resistance on Castiel’s part.
“Yeah, me too,” he muttered. It was a stolen confession. A moment of honesty from a man who could rarely afford it. “This is nice.”
The name Jesse caught Cas’ attention instantly, and he suspected that they had found the higher ranking Resistance members they had been looking for. Meanwhile, Claire had just finished unlocking the last of the doors in that hallway, revealing Betty and Jason, along with some final Libidinians. Dean and Benny were nowhere to be found. From what Cas could tell, neither were Jesse or Cesar. And there it was. The wrinkle in their wonderful plan. Still, it was best to push forward, otherwise all of this would be for nothing. So Cas took a deep breath, and spoke to the young woman who seemed to be the most in charge.
“I’d rather not talk about it,” Castiel said. That lasted about two seconds. “Anna, if you must know.”
“So when you say you want me, you mean the whole getting married, having two kids, and dying in Florida thing,” he says. Cas has no idea what the fuck he’s talking about, so he just glares at Dean until he explains. “I mean… it’s not just like an angel thing. You meant it the way humans mean it when they say they wanna be with someone.”
Cas’ eyes darted towards the part of the cell Jo had blown up. Something like hope started to burn in his chest.
“Not literally,” Dean explained. “But you just sent your childhood best friend and your new best friend off to talk about you. Either you’re going to regret this for the rest of time, or they’re gonna have a death match.”
Once there, they were led through a series of road blocks, all of which had heavily armed former soldiers guarding the entryways. Others waited their turn to enter, and Cas wondered why they were being led in. His skin prickled nervously as they passed barrier after barrier, and finally arrived at what appeared to be a series of nicely furnished cabins.
“Maybe in a while, Jess,” said Sam, cutting her off. “Could you go get Cordy? I’ll take Cas’ vitals while you’re gone.”
“I’m sorry, was that directed at me?” Cas asked. Rosali elbowed him. Cas was glad to see she didn’t seem to distrust him as much as Jason did. “He’s just young. You’re older than him and good with guns. I’ve been assured that is catnip for adolescents. I’m sure he didn’t mean anything by it.”
Claire does notice however when Patience surreptitiously pickpockets Dean as they’re leaving, snagging his phone while Jody isn’t looking. Claire raises an eyebrow at her in question, and Patience goes a little wide eyed at being caught. She mouths ‘trust me’ at Claire. It’s a running joke between them, since Claire has always been a little mistrustful of Patience’s visions. Hasn’t been able to help it since what happened to Kaia. Still she nods, a silent promise to keep this between them. Patience lets out a little sigh of relief, which only makes Claire more curious.
As if on cue, the small grey cat nudged aside the flap that sectioned off this portion of the tent from a main area and made a beeline for Castiel before once again climbing on top of him and promptly going to sleep. Castiel stared down at the curious thing and then looked at Charlie for help.
Sarah and Kevin both wanted to win. Kevin was a careful player and Cas had a feeling he would be easily spooked. Sarah was a little more daring. Cordy was aggressive and Cas knew that her intense irritation with him would make it easy to goad her into taking risks. Frank didn’t seem to much care who won or lost, and instead seemed to be using the game as a means of figuring everyone else out, much the same way Castiel was trying to do.
“Was rescued,” Castiel corrected, holding to the lie he’d come up with previously to emphasize his uselessness as a hostage. Naomi pointed a remote at a screen, and Castiel saw a replay of Jo blowing up the prison cell. He heard their conversation repeated back to him, and Jo’s promise to come back for him.
“Don’t you think they’re better apart?” Castiel asked, after waiting for Selma to go on. It was strange the way she was reacting to the news. “They were never particularly happy together. If anything, they seemed to make each other miserable.”
Usually, there is only one son alive by the time of the King’s death. Perhaps it was Chuck’s lack of outright cruelty, or some other perceived empathy that had prevented any of the three remaining brothers from killing each other. Or perhaps it was because they had wondered if perhaps they could be the generation to make the changing of hands more peaceful. Either way, it was something that needed to be dealt with and Chuck didn’t have the courage or the decisiveness to actually pick an heir from among his sons. He also didn’t have the heart to force them to fight in front of him for the crown.
Sam feels heat radiating from the back of his left calf before he feels anything else. It’s uncomfortable, like someone is sticking a lit match just short of touching his skin. Somehow that feeling is inside the muscles of his legs though. Before he can really focus in on the feeling it radiates through him in a bright blaze of searing heat that seems to stretch from the tips of his toes to the insides of his eye sockets. Every cell burns in unison. The unbearable pain seems to stretch out into a final, awful intensity…
“Who exactly?” Cas asked loudly. “Kali is working with Naomi. We tried to outwit the deal Dean made with Crowley, I doubt the soldiers from the mercenary army he sent are going to treat us kindly. Mary knows at this point that we disobeyed orders again. This is a standoff, and we are not on anyone’s good side.”
“Not your decision, Cas,” said Dean, frowning thoughtfully. He was actually thinking about it, to Cas’ dismay.
“He’s not wrong,” Jo said. “Cas does his best work off the top of his head. Can’t overthink it that way.”
“How did you get in?” Jack asked on their second day of confinement. Cas had looked at him and then around at his garrison. Despite making the implication of not wanting to tell this particular story clear, Jack had frowned sullenly and Castiel had found himself breaking.
“I believe it was Detroit,” she said, lips pursed. “But my point is that through the power of the state, we saved this city. We saved this country. We can’t let it be reclaimed by rogue elements that will drive it into the ground.”
“It’s a new chance for humanity,” said Chuck. “They’re all going to kill each other. The soldiers, the resistance, the state… everything’s gonna burn. We’re going to be what’s left. I’m giving you a chance to be part of that. I don’t want to kill you. Don’t make me.”
“Are you all done?” said Risa, causing everyone to suddenly stand a little straighter. She and Billie had just exited one of the other cars with Corbett and Maggie. Both she and Billie looked equally unimpressed with everyone as they gathered around. “Billie says we can stick around for the night before we head back. Mortimer is willing to put us up. Don’t embarrass me.”
“Yes, I would think so,” Naomi agreed instantly. “Just make sure you remember that the state always comes first. You need to be close to these people to do this job. Don’t let it blind you to what must be done. Is that understood, Castiel?”
“Dean. You aren’t going to die,” Cas interrupts, sounding exasperated. Dean glares at him, and Cas glares back defiantly. Then he growls and his eyes slide past Dean to take in the room, clearly content with continuing the ruse that he’s here to save Dean. That this isn’t one last fuck you from the universe, a cherry on top of a particularly shitty life.
“That’s not how war works, Cas,” said Dean, but he didn’t sound so sure anymore. “And Jesus, you shouldn’t say things like that.”
“There’s no guarantee either of you are going to live through this war,” said Selma. “And you might think right now you won’t regret your petty fights if that happens. But in five years? Ten? That regret will come for you, and it will make a home in your heart and never leave.”
Dean relaxes by degrees, eyes fixed on the table in front of him, tracing the latitudinal and longitudinal lines from corner to corner. It’s hard to tell how he feels about Crowley’s resurrection. At some point during Eileen signing with Sam about a particularly troubling passage due to the placement of a comma (Castiel refuses to comprehend what exactly the problem is), he feels Dean reach out and take his hand. Cas responds, slowly stroking his thumb over Dean’s knuckles. It’s strange how soothing it is, just to touch with no more intent than to comfort.
“You’ll be okay, Anael,” he told her softly. Offering the only thing he had left to give. “It’s just like going to sleep.”
“Really? What was that last mission you had before you lost it and ran away, Cas? Wasn’t it shooting a bunch of kids the state did messed up tests on after they found out they couldn’t control them?”
“Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,” says Ash casually, finishing whatever he is working on and turning to look at Cas properly. “To what do I owe the pleasure of God’s new right hand?”
“Yes,” said Castiel. Kubrick lit up and began to pepper him with more questions. Castiel answered them as best as he could while peripherally he saw Gordon realize that public opinion was likely against him with regards to Castiel. He stalked off muttering something Castiel couldn’t make out while Kubrick began talking Castiel’s ears off about how hard it was to get people to see the importance of God these days. If Kubrick was one of a very few in camp who were believers, Castiel could understand why people might not be very keen to talk about God here. He was insistent on his vision for God being the absolute correct one and listened to whatever Castiel had to say on a subject and then told him what his opinion should actually be.
“Okay,” says Kaia, starting to sound a little annoyed with him. Which was within her rights, even if Cas wasn’t sure why she would be. He’d barely ever spoken to her. Though she is Claire’s girlfriend, and perhaps she thinks Cas is being too callous with Claire’s feelings. He doesn’t mean to be. It’s only that he knows how quickly he can ruin his relationships with the people he cares about. Distance is for the benefit of the people he loves. That is something he thought should have been obvious. “You don’t have to stay that way though. Sometimes it’s good to quit the things that are bad for you. I’ve been trying to do that. The shit I used to do to myself, to my body, trying to keep myself out of my nightmares… It’s hard work trying to fix that. But it’s worth it.”
He was beginning to wonder if he could finish this rescue mission without leaving a pile of bodies behind him.
Much like the upper floors, the cells down here were clean. Much cleaner than they had likely been under State command, Cas thought to himself sadly. Instead of doors, each prisoner had a set of bars that opened up into a hallway. Almost every cell was empty, but the ones that weren’t mostly held captured State soldiers. Cas knew this partly because they looked well fed and strong, and sat with a stiff frustrated dignity that he would recognize anywhere, but also because he recognized one of them. Kelvin. When Castiel had been sixteen, Kelvin had snuck him and Balthazar and some of the other trainees their first sips of liquor. He had been only a few years older than him, but Cas remembers the jealousy he had felt that Kelvin would soon be assigned a garrison while he and Balthazar had so much longer to wait.
“I’m not so sure about that,” says Cas, hesitating a moment before continuing. “I’m not her father, I just look like him. And I’ve never been a particularly good friend.”
Still, it was either go forward with the plan or get captured and wait for Charlie to come up with something at this point. And there was no guarantee a second offensive would work any better. It might go worse. They might even end up convincing these people that it was in their best interest not to keep them alive.
“Dean Winchester has a daughter. Her name is Emma,” Castiel said, leading with his strongest argument for remaining on the assignment. That caused both Meg and Naomi to react with sudden interest. “I have reason to suspect he loves her enough that her safety being an issue would distract him.”
That… just might work. But it was also a lie, and Dean wasn’t the one Castiel was actually working for. Still, after what had happened, Castiel wasn’t sure the truth was something that would help him ever get back to his garrison.
Charlie, at this point, seemed to have mostly gotten over Cas not telling her about him and Dean. Or at least she was willing to pretend she was.
Cas looks away from her. Several images flash through Patience’s head. What Claire says when he tells her yes. What happens when he tells her no. What happens when he good as implies either way. It is an unwinnable question, and Patience is very used to Claire asking those. Cas flickers between so many different options in the seconds it takes for him to answer that Patience is almost dizzy from the overlap in possible futures.
“Did you?” Jo asked, though she did look to see what Dean was carrying in his hands. She reached out and Dean handed it to her, as she opened it and started to read her eyes widened. To Dean’s surprise, tears sprung to Jo’s eyes as she finished. “That was…”
She’s woken up early in the morning, the feeling of something wet and a little warm dripping down on her face. At first she thinks the upstairs neighbors must have fallen asleep with the bath running, and then she vaguely recalls that they’re on the top floor of the crappy hotel they found. At this point she’s lucid enough to recognize a familiarly metallic smell, and by the time her eyes open she knows something has gone very very wrong.
Jo’s eyes focused completely. She uncurled herself slowly, glancing at the likely anxious Jessica and Selma who were standing behind him. She cleared her throat and then looked at Castiel.
It didn’t feel particularly good, but it wasn’t as though Castiel had anywhere else to go if he decided to protest. If Naomi found out he was alive, she would realize she’d been played and order him to be shot on sight. Castiel was a ghost, haunting a cause he’d only just started to believe in.
“Someone make sure the hostage doesn’t bleed out,” she said, motioning towards Cas. One of the guards hastily wrapped Castiel’s hand in bandages to staunch the bleeding. Cas’ eyes never left Naomi’s.
“You and Sam said we need someone on the inside,” Jo pointed out. “And Charlie looked into him. He has a file about an inch thick for being…”
It was five minutes of darkness before people started to pour out of the prison. It was about forty of them, and Castiel worried that wasn’t anywhere near enough. Charlie’s recon had suggested there were about one hundred people guarding prisoners at any one time, and they seemed to be drawn from the general public. With forty gone, that still left sixty for them to incapacitate. An impossible number for two people.
Castiel volunteered to help clear the first road block instead of setting up camp. He got more than one dirty look from Jason, and Benny, and even Rosali as he walked off. It wasn’t surprising. By accepting Mortimer’s deal, Cas had in essence gone over Dean’s head. It wasn’t a good look for someone that until much too recently had been a spy bent on the resistance’s destruction.
“I’ll do my best to only be a partial ‘dick’ then,” said Cas. Trisha narrowed her eyes at him, but she looked vaguely amused as well. Then she sauntered off to get food with everyone else while Castiel was left to follow a messenger to the room that Billie and Mortimer were waiting in.
“We need to consider how to get Jack out of this alive,” says Cas. Dean mutters something to himself darkly in response,too quietly for Sam to hear. Cas on the other hand seems to hear exactly what it is Dean said, and looks so determined in response that it’s making Sam worried. It’s one thing for the world to be ending, because the world is always ending. Has been for so long, Sam is more exhausted than afraid anymore. But the defeat in Dean’s eyes, something that’s been growing in him for years now, has gotten to a point that Sam finds himself getting scared. Bone deep scared.
“That isn’t a fair question to ask,” said Cas. “You can spin any motivation into self gain if you try hard enough.”
This stopped Dean short, because want had never really come into it. Not beyond preserving his little family, desperately clawing at whoever he could to keep them close, keep them alive, keep them from getting hurt. And failing, always failing.
“Gordon treated it like it was normal. Like I was normal,” said Dean. “He ain’t perfect, but he has my back and I don’t need you looking down your nose at me because of him. He’s good at winning fights, even you have to admit that. You’re jealous, I get it. Figure out what the fuck you want and deal with it.”
She paused on the last name, raising an eyebrow slightly. Selma’s mouth twitched in mutual appreciation, and Castiel resisted the urge to ask Selma who she was.
“Nine years old,” Castiel said, watching the numbers change in the corner of the elevator and wishing they would change faster. Ten more floors to go.
“That’s not an answer, Crowley,” said Dean, actual malice making it’s way into his voice. McCleod smiled at him, and Dean looked to be seconds away from violence. Cas spoke up quietly, having figured it out the moment Crowley had spoken about others offering him deals.
He turned on his radio, immediately muting it. Then, he started tapping out in morse code a very simple set of words. D-A-N-G-E-R. N-O. T-A-L-K. After he had repeated that a few times, he unmuted his radio. A series of long and slow taps, dihs and dahs, were relayed back to him. It took him a few tries to get it, but smiled a little to himself when he realized it was just I-D-I-O-T over and over again. Carefully, he tapped out what he needed and prayed to God that Charlie understood. If the Libidine Resistance people were with her, they could explain some, but otherwise, there was no good way to explain it concisely. B-A-S-E-M-E-N-T. E-L-E-V-A-T-O-R. S-T-O-P. D-E-A-N. He repeated this series of words a few times, and then stopped, waiting for Charlie’s response. At first nothing happened. Cas began wracking his brain for another series of words that would better relay what he needed to happen. Charlie knew he was hiding in the ceiling, waiting to rescue Dean. She was smart enough to know that leaving his hiding spot would be an incredibly stupid thing to do, though she had called him an idiot, so perhaps she didn’t consider that beneath him.
“Sam,” he said quickly after Sam had helped someone who had been cowering in fear in the corner. Sam looked up at him, eyes flashing in recognition that Castiel had likely been aware for a while now. Castiel wasn’t sure what he made of it. “Dean, Ellen, and Bobby, are they-“
“Ow,” he said with feeling. Pain was a new sensation for him. He was quite certain he didn’t like it, but was also quite unsure what exactly to do about it. So he climbed out of the crater falling had caused, determined to examine his surroundings.
He made his way to the common area, where a careful record was kept of who took food. He put in a request for water, rubbing his shoulder and not paying attention to who was behind the counter. He only looked up when he heard a quiet gasp.
And how was Castiel supposed to answer that? This identification with the resistance was a new and exciting thing to Jack and he was still young and passionate and more naive than he realized. How would one explain that it was all much more complicated than a right side and wrong one, and yes the state was wrong and Cas believed the resistance had the potential to do better things. But there were no guarantees.
It wasn’t jealousy exactly he was feeling. It was all-consuming fear and self loathing and claustrophobia all pooling together in his gut and making him sick with worry. Dean had simply become a point of focus to fixate on and project his fears and anxieties for the moment. It was easier to let his thoughts fall into familiar cycles of self-criticism than to beat against the wall that was the remainder of his plan to actually get his friends out of the prison. Mostly, he had come up with the hiding part so he would be able to get to the basement unnoticed. Except now he was realizing that if anyone was watching the security cameras (which of course they must be after what had happened that night), he was royally fucked.
“I’ll head back to her in a moment,” Boris agreed gruffly. “But… thank you. If you ever need anything… just ask.”
“Kelly gets to start over,” said Castiel. “I told her to start over and forget the past, and I hope she does, I really do. But then I remember that I can’t. I can’t wash away my sins, or forget what I was a part of, and I can’t even trust that what I’m doing now is right.”
“I prefer not to speak when I have nothing to say,” said Castiel. He could tell by the rising tension in the room that that wasn’t good enough. “The only thing I could think to add would be that if I was the mayor of Lucrum, I would side with Naomi. Otherwise they’re geographically isolated and much too close to Libidine for comfort. Then again, Roman is not… normal.”
“As though you’ve never done anything on the wrong side of sane, Joanna Harvelle,” he said. “I seem to remember someone insisting they could outdrink Charlie Bradbury a few months ago. It wasn’t pretty what happened afterward, and I would know because Dean said since I’m your Captain you were my responsibility to take care of.”
“Because the truth is,” said Meg then. “You’ve never been necessary. Not once. And you can bitch and moan about it all you like, but that doesn’t change the truth. Soldiers are expendable. That’s the point. And neither you or me ever stopped being a soldier.”
“It’s amazing how bad I don’t feel for you,” said Jo. Dean rolled his eyes at her before glancing over to Cas. He cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow at Jo. Jo noticed and stopped buzzing with energy immediately.
Castiel catches Amara watching them at one point. She half smiles at him. He doesn’t know what that’s supposed to mean, so he ignores her.
“Sunlight through leaves,” Cas sighed happily, his thumb brushing against Dean’s cheekbone. Dean frowned at him though, pulling away. “What?”
Cas didn’t say so out loud, but he had to agree with the disdain in Claire’s voice. That was… not good.
“I don’t know what I did wrong,” are the first words out of his mouth, and Dean can feel his throat close up in response. “I was supposed to be better.”
“How am I supposed to know?” Dean shrugs. “I had to hold down a part time job in high school to support your ridiculous growth spurt. I didn’t go to PFLAG meetings.”
“So Charlie’s around then?” Jo asked Ash, since Charlie and Frank had been traveling together. Ash nodded and they kept walking down the street after Benny, Selma, and Delphine. Ash nodded, holding up one of his hands so he could start counting off who was there as he listed them off.
Castiel did walk up the stairs to sleep, but when he got to his room, all he could do was stare at his bed in a kind of muted terror of what he might dream that night. He stayed standing and frozen for a good five minutes before he decided he’d rather not sleep at all. So he grabbed his coat and made his way outside into the frigid night air. It had an unfortunate sobering effect on him, but it was better than having to deal with his dreams.
She was matter of fact as she spoke, but Cas could feel a shadow of the pain she must have felt. He didn’t know how to fix it, so he said nothing. Claire took this as an opportunity to keep talking.
“Yeah,” says Dean. He fumbles around his head for a believable reason he’d seek out Cas’ company. If Cas doesn’t already suspect he’d been trying to listen in, Dean doesn’t want him to come to that conclusion. He’d just tell Mary, and then Dean and Mary would get into another shouting match about it. “I want to go out. Need someone to drive me back.”
Castiel tried standing up, and the fifteen year old next to him helped him to his feet. Kali nodded towards stairs that led downwards and the girl started dragging him off towards them. He turned left and then took a right down a long hallway. Then she opened a door and left it open for him to go in. Castiel walked in and collapsed onto the bed and tried to ignore the pain in his leg.
It was strange being in uniform again. Castiel had been wearing one for over half of his life. It shouldn’t feel so strange.
“You’re gonna make me blush,” he said a moment later, falling back on sarcasm, as if on instinct. “I’ve survived worse than this shit. We’re getting out of here, and that’s final. You got that, Castiel?”
So Cas doesn’t speak with him when he doesn’t need to. Jack has not even thought to take offense, which wounds Cas more than he’d care to admit.
“We’re close to Invidia,” Charlie supplied. Castiel jerked enough to startle Crookshanks from his lap, and Charlie held up her hands to calm him. “Look things are heating up. We needed to move quickly.”
Music became a love language between the two of them, and to John’s surprise, and the dismay of the Campbells, Mary was a much more curious soul than she had let on.The market of 1975 went down in history as the year that no good Winchester boy and the formerly beloved Campbell girl nearly ruined the market by asking rude and pointed questions of some of the less humanoid vendors. Following this incident, Henry Winchester saw it prudent to gently lead them away from such confrontational methods and clued them into the work he was doing. This was, in general, to the benefit of all, and went a long ways to satisfying their long held curiosity about Lebanon.
“I’ll protect us all!” she proclaimed seriously, frowning up at Dr. Newman. “I’m the oldest, and the strongest. ‘Cept for Isaac and George… But I can help them.”
“You’re not the first productive citizen we’ve turned around, okay? No need to get weepy,” said Dean. “Sam was a scientist, Lydia was a nurse, Benny was a fucking prison guard and-“
“Good to know Balthazar isn’t lying when he says you were always an asshole,” said Dean, though he said it gently. “And nothing against Anna, but there’s this thing you can do called talking.”
“Not really helping, Captain obvious,” said Benny. Cas nodded in realization and took off his coat and started applying pressure to where Benny had been hit to prevent him from bleeding out. For a moment it was Anna he saw bleeding beneath his hands, a thought that was so visceral he nearly lost it, but luckily Benny soon spoke and broke through whatever momentary mental lapse Cas had been experiencing by the power of sheer irritation.
“Well, everyone remembers how Dean sent me out with Risa and her guys to Lucrum?” asked Sam. Lucrum was the city closest to Libidine, and yet it couldn’t be more different. The people living there were sedate and lifeless, for reasons Castiel could never quite comprehend. Those living in the areas surrounding the city, however, were fiercely against Lucrum and was more active than all of the other resistance groups at actually attacking government officials. Castiel’s garrison was rarely sent there, though, so Castiel knew the situation mostly from secondhand accounts. “Lenore is in charge over there and she knew someone who had a copy. Said that if I wanted I could try to trade for it, but she didn’t think they’d give it up. First I wanted to make sure it was one I didn’t have and as luck would have it, it was. So I left Risa in charge and went over to where this guy lived and asked to talk about trading.”
“What we have to do,” said Meg. “We take out the power grid, like you told Dean you could. He has a problem with it, tell him I went off script. As long as we get everyone out, he doesn’t have to worry about the casualties.”
As Cas slowly calmed himself, he began to tune into his surroundings again. He felt shame as he saw Balthazar looking down at him, horrified. As though there were something actually wrong with him, instead of his panic being a symptom of his own damn weakness. His inability to cope. Garth kept speaking to him, working hard to prevent Cas from sliding back into a full scale panic attack. As Cas finally worked his way out of it, he noticed the muffled yelling that could be heard through the door.
“I lost the radio, and Claire got busy making sure I wasn’t going to die,” said Dean instantly. “We didn’t think to keep you in the loop-”
“Are you going to help them?” Anna asked. She didn’t let go of him but her voice had returned to the firm cadence of his commander. He breathed slightly easier.
“Did you come here for a reason, Jo?” Castiel asked dryly, eyebrows raised as he reached for another article of clothing to wash. Jo frowned at him, playing hurt.
He found a significantly more crowded and rowdy poker game than Selma had implied was going to be happen. Seven people were sat on boxes arranged in a circle around a makeshift table. It was too late to sneak away, however, as Selma had noticed him and sat him down next to her within five seconds on some boxes that were arranged a few feet away from the game. Jess turned to smile at him, and a few of the other people at the table nodded hello before focusing on the game.
“It’s a sedative,” Charlie said, taking out two pills and holding her palm out to him. Castiel’s eyes locked on them and then he began to laugh in disbelief.
“I’ve gotcha, c’mon,” said Dean soothingly. Like he might to a child. “You’re fine, Cas. Everything is fine.”
“You’ve always been insolent,” said Mortimer. “And brash and reckless. You’re in the middle of a city surrounded by soldiers who answer to me, and you still can’t keep your mouth shut for longer than a second can you?”
“So the working theory is to just… incapacitate a building full of people who want to imprison and/or kill us?” said Claire. “By ourselves?”
“I’m gonna bribe Eileen into shaving all your hair off if you don’t stop talking right now,” says Dean. This convinces Sam to shut up. For about two seconds.
The locals of Paradise frequently complain that the name was quite wrongly chosen. Or perhaps it had once been true, but had long since failed to apply to their homeland. What had once been a garden land, bursting with fruits and flowers that filled the air with the enticing smells of the faery lands of old had long since withered away. What was left was a stormy, rocky land with a troubled monarchical system and a restless populace.
The ashes of Mary Winchester float through the sunstained sky, dyed reds and purples. Even in death she’s a thing of beauty. They watch her, all three of them. There’s nothing else to be done.
Claire looks back to see Cas is now carefully and quickly untying Dean, removing his blindfold, and checking his injuries. If the way Dean is wincing is anything to go by, he’s got more than a few.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” said Jo, who unbeknownst to Castiel was sitting in the side chair by his bed, looking through his book of poems. Cas resisted the urge to snap at her that that book was private. It had Cas’ thoughts written in the margins and it made him uncomfortable that she might read them.
“I have a feeling she’ll figure it out,” said Jo. “Besides… I don’t think Charlie and I are gonna work out.”
“If I’m understanding this correctly,” Castiel said. “There’s going to be some kind of celebration tomorrow.”
“Haha, very funny. So here it is: A question for a question. We each get one pass, and we can call it off at any time. Nothing’s off limits.”
“Do you need something?” asked the guard, indicating by tone alone that Castiel’s answer should be no. Cas shook his head and tried to walk past him. He found his path blocked. “If you need something, I’ll get it.”
“It’s hard not to think of it as his body,” says Claire. “That’s all. So I get that he’s vacated the premises and no one else is home but it’s still…”
“I felt her blood surge up between my fingers and watched the light fade from her eyes. We fought side by side for ten years, and she never led me or my fellow soldiers astray. Not once,” Castiel said. “Doubt my intentions if you must. But don’t doubt my pain.”
“Yeah, easy to say,” Sam admits. For a moment, he thinks Dean might actually have changed his mind. Then his brother’s expression goes dark again.
No one spoke to him as he walked through camp. Even people he was friendly with, who usually offered a wave and a hello, caught sight of him and pretended not to notice. Cas suspected it was something in his expression. To an outsider, it might look like he was on the war path. The truth wasn’t much better.
“I’m not joking. Dr. Newman didn’t have to spell it out for me to realize there might not be a way back from whatever Naomi did to me,” said Cas. “I’m getting a headache just talking to you and not trying to kill you. It’s not as bad, but as soon as the urge fades, the withdrawal symptoms are going to start.”
“I haven’t seen you for a while,” said Castiel when he saw Anna sitting under the tree and reading his book of poetry. Not that Castiel didn’t periodically relive Anna’s death in his dreams, but that was more flashback than nightmare at this point. He’d become almost numb to it.
Dean stared at him blankly for a moment, sheer exhaustion breaking way to an almost hysteric grin. He looked at Castiel like he was really seeing him, in a way he’d kept himself from doing before. Like there was a final wall that was dropping.
“As long as he’s doing what he’s told, I don’t give a damn,” Kali said. She finally turned to look at Naomi. “Our amnesty for your hostages. We help you defend the city, and when this is over, every citizen who is a member of the resistance is forgiven for all crimes. Including members currently imprisoned. I hope that’s still the deal, Naomi.”
Jesus Christ himself, this boy was a child. He shouldn’t be holding a gun in his hands, or reassuring Castiel that he wouldn’t avenge his mother’s death, or trying to solve morality like it was a game you could win. Cas wasn’t sure exactly what Jack should be doing instead, but he felt a sense of loss for the childhood that had been stolen from the boy.
He’d long since settled himself with Balthazar, Hael, and Remiel. They were almost extensions of his consciousness they’d spent so many years together, and yes it was different that Hael and Remiel were openly… into each other now, but they were still exactly what Castiel was used to. Well, Hael had squealed excitedly when Cas had convinced Wendy to lend her Song of Solomon (which apparently had little to do with the book in the bible of the same name), and Remiel had discovered that Rosali’s first language had also been Spanish, which meant they sometimes chattered on together at a speed that Castiel could only understand every other word of. Remiel had only ever spoken Spanish when required to as a member of their garrison, and this made Cas feel vaguely sad in a way he didn’t quite understand. Balthazar, mercifully, was the same loyal, wisecracking bastard he’d always been.
And Castiel was having fun. He invited Benjamin and Susannah one night to join in after swearing them to secrecy, and had enjoyed watching Susannah give Selma a run for her money in the first round before finally admitting defeat. To Castiel’s surprise, Selma had looked to be on the way to throwing a fit as victory had seemed almost uncertain at points.
“So what, they’re just a roving gang going Hell’s Angels on the Empty up in matrixland?” asks Dean. Charlie shrugs again. Sam feels his mouth drop open.
“As a soldier I am a servant of the state,” Castiel recited. “Family loyalty hinders objectivity in enforcing the law. So in other words, no, no last name. My mother requested I continue to be raised Christian and that was the extent of her influence on my life after the aptitude tests.”
He’s also good for knocking Renny out without much of a struggle. They leave the room neat behind them, and drag him out to a nearby shipping center. Eileen feels a little bad for sticking him in a crate set for London, though she does insist on getting it marked fragile and temperature sensitive. Dean points out to ease her conscience that it’s not like they were gonna get him through an airport without some kind of fuss.
“How much do you want me to give up for you?” Cas demanded quietly. “When is it going to be enough?”
“Why? So you can tell me off again?” she asked, not sounding even a little bit happy with him. “I’d rather not, Castiel.”
Castiel was meant to keep people busy and from realizing it was Meg who had committed the crime she was supposed to. He also had a feeling he was meant to take the blame for her death, considering the specifics of the plan had him not in sight when the murder was supposed to occur. He had given Naomi a way to make destabilizing this particular branch of the resistance more effective and she had decided his purpose had finished. There was no other explanation for it.
Jo said he was looking ill at breakfast that morning. Castiel had shrugged and tried to eat the eggs that had been donated from Cain and the other farms he represented.
But feeling Cas’ hand in his steadied Dean for the moment. It felt the way holding his mother’s hand had felt as a toddler, walking home from preschool. As if Cas were too big and too powerful and too safe for anything to go wrong, as long as Dean didn’t let go of him. But of course, Dean did have to let go of him eventually.
“You’re the worst, and you one hundred percent know what I’m talking about,” said Trisha. Castiel hid a smile, and she punched him in the arm. “Asshole.”
“I know,” Castiel said quickly, not wanting to out himself as on the side of the state in any way. “But old habits die hard. And even if that wasn’t the case… I don’t think it would be beneficial for anyone to sleep with you when this is clearly a ploy to upset Charlie for something she’s done to you.
“Better than you it looks like,” she says. She clears her throat. “So I guess theory number one is out the window?”
And then he saw Dean look back at him, a flash of fear on his face. He reached out and squeezed Cas’ shoulder, for just a second.
“And whatever happened to you on whatever hunt you stupidly went on with a broken leg,” Sam interrupts. There’s silence on the other end, and Sam can just tell Dean is thinking up how to frame it so he doesn’t sound like a complete idiot.
“Is that what people are saying?” asked Castiel. Jack shrugged sheepishly. “I suppose it must be true, then.”
Dr. Li, Alex’s friend from the hospital who had become a regular at Jody’s home for fixing up small injuries after the girls had helped her out with a haunting, had long since left with the promise to check in the next morning. Everyone else had been ordered out to give Dean time to rest, and only Cas had stayed to watch him the past few hours. It is late into the evening now, but Cas suspects no one is asleep. He’s proven right when he walks down the stairs to find Jody and Alex on the phone trying to order pizza. Patience sits at the dining table with a notebook and a textbook. Claire and Kaia, meanwhile, are sprawled together on the couch, talking, hands lightly clasped together. Claire lets go and haphazardly stumbles to her feet when she sees him, and Kaia sits up too. Cas wonders at the way Claire’s face has gone a little red, wondering what he could have possibly done to upset her.
“What does that mean?” he asked carefully. He had an awful feeling he knew what it meant, but didn’t want to acknowledge the obvious. They wouldn't ask him to-
“What the hell was going on?” demanded Lydia before Benny could get a word in edgewise. “And don’t look at me like that, my daughter was terrified. You can’t put us through shit like that and just act like nothing happened.”
“Long enough to think of more than three ways it could end badly,” said Cas. Dorothy rolled her eyes.
“Screw you,” said Sam to Jo, rolling his eyes. “And we have five, actually. Interesting story how I got the fifth one…”
Castiel wanted to groan out loud. They had to know Naomi would see through this, didn’t they? The safest place for her to be was in this building. Trying to secure another building as thoroughly as she had this one would require more effort than it was worth.
“There’s a letter.” Claire’s eyes had glazed over, almost unseeing. She looked like she was simultaneously lost in thought and horribly present in the moment. Her hands were shaking as she reached out to open the letter. She froze, stuck in some sort of flight or fight loop.
Castiel nodded, placing his gun back in his belt to emphasize the point that he meant to proceed peacefully. Jo rolled her eyes at the gesture, but something in her stance seemed to relax a little. It was wise of her to remain a certain amount of wariness when it came to Castiel. That didn’t make it easier to see.
“Forgive me if I find that hard to believe,” said Cas. “I am a traitor in every sense of the word and I despise you.”
“Kate,” she offered. She frowned at him. “You seriously didn’t know that? Haven’t you been to Lucrum to terrorize the public or whatever it is you used to do?”
“I have never stopped caring. I am only here because if there is anything I can do to stop all of you from dying, I will do it. I’ll find you every day and beg you to surrender because that is the only way you’ll survive. I love you all, you must remember that.”
She closes the door behind her, and Cas hears the sounds of her footsteps receding down the hallway. It’s late, and she likely wants to be in her bed and asleep. It was nice of her to check in on Dean, Cas thinks to himself. He likes to see how much Dean’s friends care about him. It makes him hopeful that Dean will care about himself that way someday, if only out of respect for the people who love him. He wishes suddenly that he knew Jody better. Not that he has ever avoided her, though that has been a side effect of avoiding Claire.
“No wonder it took you fuckers so long to take the State down. Doesn’t matter that it’s a decaying mess of nepotism, bad politics, and misguided hierarchy, at least they know enough to have their story straight when they need to,” Meg concurred.
This center of camp was deserted. However, the shouts and confusion that drifted from the edges were enough to mask, for the most part, any sound that was coming from Charlie’s tent. Cas dove through the entrance to the tent, and stood unsteadily when he got inside.
There was a letter attached, specifically addressed to Dean as well, but Garth did not read this out of respect for Dean’s privacy. Instead he brought the baby to her new home, and went back to guarding the door.
“Yeah,” says Dean. “I mean… you went to hell. Just because you were friends with us. And when you died, that was… Doesn’t matter. I wanted to bring you back and I could. So you’re back. Congrats.”
“Don’t watch people sleep,” Dean mumbled, waking up slowly beside him. Yawning self-consciously under the weight of Cas’ gaze. “It’s creepy.”
“We’ll deal with him ourselves,” Dean said instantly. “I’m offering you a deal here Zach. Naomi paid us some pretty serious money to sic us on you, and we only got half up front. I’m offering you a nice way to make us go away without burning Invidia to the ground.”
She notices the newcomers almost immediately, and brightens a little when she sees one of them is Asa. She’d invited him to the Roadhouse when they’d met up a while back, and it’s good to see him taking her up on the offer. There are two women with him, one of whom Mary is startled to recognize as Charlie (with a much shorter haircut) and the other who Mary has never met. She reminds Mary, however, a little of Max and Alicia Banes. There’s something about the confidence in her smile that looks just alike.
‘Except for the last time,’ she says. ‘Worse, Death is the reason he had to die. Why would Dean want to take the deal?”
“You’re a good kid,” Ellen said to him. The way she spoke to him was more parental than anything he could remember from his own mother and father. “And you’re welcome in Sanctus anytime.”
“Do you wish you’d picked someone else?” she asks him. He shrugs, and his face tightens. He holds both hands out palms up in front of him and see saws a maybe, but his face is resolute. “I guess it doesn’t matter now.”
Sam had also left rather hastily, leaving Tamara glaring at the door in frustration, while Linda subtly squeezed her arm and then offered to walk back with her. Cas turned to look at Charlie, who was standing next to him to see if she had noticed, and although it was clear that she had, she didn’t look surprised.
Castiel spun around from staring at Anna to see Dean standing at the door to the barn gesturing him over.
“What was its name?” Castiel interrupted, finding himself curious. He could tell from the look on Naomi’s face that she didn’t appreciate his question, but she answered it anyway.
Dean and Cas have mentioned that they’re making plans to clear out soon, and have spent about a week moving stuff between the bunker and a storage unit Jody found for them out in Sioux Falls. Jack has made it clear he plans to go with them eventually. There’s a kind of tension there as it gets closer and closer to the two of them actually moving out, especially because of Kelly.
“Jesus Christ, I feel like I just got hit by fucking semi,” Dean mutters, trying and failing to lift himself off the ground. Sam realizes he’s still bleeding. Cas healed the worst of it, but left enough plausible deniability for the lie he wants Sam to tell. Instead of thinking about whether or not he’s gonna do that, Sam takes out his phone and calls for an ambulance again.
“Support Mortimer,” said Billie. “That is our only condition for a full pardon of every state soldier. When the war is over, they will be reintegrated into society. We promise.”
“Of course,” Cas says, unthinking. He doesn’t realize it’s the permission Dean is looking for. It’s absolution.
Jo stepped in at one point to insist that she could take Dean in a wrestling match (she couldn’t), which led everyone who had yet to face him to take a turn. Dorothy nearly managed to take him down, but Dean pinned her with a swift move that brought her to the ground just when she thought she’d had him. When Castiel agreed with some minor coaxing on Charlie’s part to attempt to do so as well, he decided to throw the match early. He wasn’t in the mood for a fight.
“It’s not,” said Jo bitterly, still staring at the ground. “What, you’ve never gotten drunk and made a couple of self destructive decisions for the hell of it? Fell into bed with someone you shouldn’t because it’s better than going to sleep alone?”
It was quiet as it had been every day since Castiel had gotten here, and if it weren’t for the fact that the stress was starting to show on Charlie’s face Castiel might think that absolutely nothing was happening. Instead he just had a sense of foreboding and wondering what form trouble was going to take when it ultimately came.
“Promise?” Kaia asked, when Claire couldn’t hear her anymore. A little moment to herself, perhaps. She was a much less talkative guard than Claire was, and her presence felt threatening in a way Cas wasn’t used to. He got the sense that Kaia was used to killing others for her own survival. He wondered if she was resistance, or just had extraordinarily bad luck.
“Wow,” Kaia says, breaking him from his thoughts. She is looking at him now, looking him dead on. “You know, Claire really cares about you. Who knows why considering everything you’ve done to her. And I do mean everything. You locked her away in her own body, you remember that right? She still has nightmares about that. I know. I’ve seen them.”
And Castiel had felt a long time like he had the answer at the tip of his tongue, though perhaps it shouldn’t have had to happen quite so literally for him to really and truly get it. Being yanked in by his shirt collar for a kiss that was both his first in the waking world and yet strangely disappointing was one way to come to his senses.
“Are you not on the same side?” Castiel asked instead of acknowledging the rest of Mortimer’s statements.
“Ezekiel and Alexis didn’t want to see you. They think you were rightfully punished,” said Uriel, ignoring the glare Balthazar sent to him. “He has a right to know.”
If he didn’t focus on the circles under his eyes, or the gauntness in his face, he could almost convince himself that nothing had happened at all.
“You all knew this whole time, and you still treated me well. Charlie has defended me more than once against people who doubted me. Why would you…?”
“Search them,” said the rogue soldier in the middle. She was average height, with dark curls and a neutral expression. Cas didn’t recognize her, which he supposed was a good thing. The other two soldiers were younger girls, and the way they moved made Cas suspect they weren’t soldiers at all. He wasn’t sure whether or not that was a good thing.
There was dead silence for the space of five seconds in which Cas tried to (unsuccessfully) make himself as unnoticeable as possible. This was maybe why he missed Selma going up to both Charlie and Jo and sharply grabbing the both of them by their ears. The two loud and indignant shouts that came after were more than enough to alert him that something was happening.
Jo patted Cas on the head in a patronizing move that caused Cas to roughly shove her hand away. Jo flashed him a thumb’s up and then left the room, saying she had things that needed doing and Cas should get back on bed rest. Nobody visited him again for several hours and Cas spent the time replaying what had happened and trying to sort out how he could simultaneously feel lighter and the strange ache of embarrassment in the pit of his stomach all at once.
“Join the club,” muttered Charlie. “Listen, Cas, things went bad in Libidine in ways we didn’t know. Jesse and Cesar aren’t in charge anymore. As far as I can tell, no one is. A lot of the Resistance crew who were running things? They are in the same place that Dean is right now. Meg’s the one who told us where they were.”
“Stop saying things like that,” said Selma as she left, taking a moment to pat the side of Castiel’s arm and calling behind her as she left: “Take care of yourself. Please.”
“I thought you didn’t like me,” said Cas, because tact had never been and would never be one of his strong suits.
They’re interrupted by a waitress who asks them in a false cheerful voice whether or not they need more time with the menu. They all look up at her, silent. She falters and leaves, promising to come back later. They all go back to mostly not talking to each other, except Jack, who tries to figure out what his mother’s favorite food is and manages to coax most of a conversation out of Michael and Adam (who is the slightly more talkative of the two, Amara thinks). Michael doesn’t thank her for his resurrection and she doesn’t want him to. It is, all put together, definitely a meal shared between people of dubious familial relationship to each other.
She paused a moment, looking a more personal kind of sad as she got ready to say what she had to say next.
Of course, it makes him sad too. But the sadness is, as it always has been, unwarranted. He knew, he has always known where things stand. And he resigned himself to it a long time ago. It was enough to be able to say how he feels out loud, to bask in the glow of it for even a moment. He did not need Dean to feel the same way. He does not, he means.
“I wouldn’t joke about that, considering Dean’s only alive because you have the hots for him,” said Jo flippantly, ignoring Cas’ pointed glare. “And don’t joke about the other thing either.”
“He was assassinated. His replacement is still being debated, and those of us who are deciding thought it best the public didn’t know of his death before a replacement was found. Unfortunately, resistance forces were made aware of the vacuum of power and the resulting focus taken away from Libidine’s defenses in order to shore up Superbia, and they proceeded to take advantage of this to capture the city. Once news spreads…”
The second after she said that someone barreled into his side, tackling him to the ground just as a gun shot went off behind him. By the time he looked up after falling hard on his arm, Meg was long gone. Cas twisted and shot the offending guard without a second thought. She looked almost surprised to have a bullet tear through her throat.
Castiel assumed she meant having her child as opposed to sleeping with Dean, considering she seemed to be lukewarm to him, if her tone speaking about him was anything to go by. He readjusted the strap of the basket of hygiene products he was holding so it didn’t press into his side quite so much before speaking again.
“Dean,” Sam says insistently. Finally Dean breaks. The wooden stools splinter, and a crack runs through the foundations of the bar.
“Please take her to Dean Winchester. I grew her from him, and I know he will care for her. I cannot any longer. Her name is Claire.”
“Fuck every last one of them,” said Castiel through gritted. “I give everything for them and this is what I get? To count my dead and keep counting until my sanity slips through my fingers? Fuck Naomi and fuck Anna and fuck Gabriel and Ambriel and every last asshole that ever-“
Dean hangs up as angrily as he could manage on an iPhone, and immediately wishes for the more visceral satisfaction of slamming his flip phone shut. That’s when he realizes that Cas is watching him from where he’d been sitting on the porch.
He tries not to disturb Dean sleeping beside him, but as in so many other things, he fails. Dean slowly drags his eyes open with an almighty glare best suited to razing cities to the ground. It is moments before he realizes, before he wraps himself around Cas and rubs circles into his shoulders until he can feel the muscles there start to loosen.
“Because it’s impossible,” Gabriel had said. “But it looks like we’re gonna try. Pack your guns and candy bars, kiddos, this is gonna get interesting.”
“Better to drink at noon than to break our fearless leader’s nose,” said Boris. “At least drinking is a nonviolent coping mechanism to despair.”
Castiel slumped over as far as he could while being restrained, and Naomi leaned forward in an attempt to catch his eye.
“I love you, too,” he mutters, looking away. Dean plays back what he’d said before in his head and realizes. Well, shit. That is probably not something he should have said for the first time as an offhand comment in the middle of a stake out. Even if it happens to be true. Before Dean can sort out what exactly he wants to do about it, Cas sits up straight in his seat. “Got him.”
Jack blinks at him, and Dean remembers he’s talking to a three year old. Jack is a smart kid, a good kid. But he doesn’t have the life experience to understand why this is the kind of thing you don’t keep to yourself. Because now Dean is questioning everything.
“That’s how it is,” said Gabriel. “Besides, I got used to gaming the system for my entertainment. Now, I’m disrupting the social order for family. Sure, one of your old soldier buddies might kill me one day, but at least I can sleep at night now.”
He found Harvelle’s without much trouble, which was good because he felt out of place in the streets, surrounded by people going about their daily lives. Those that noticed him had trouble not whispering amongst themselves and stopping when he got close enough to hear. In order to stand out a little less, Castiel had taken to slumping and favoring shaded areas. It worked to a degree, but everyone here seemed to know everyone else and as a new face that made it difficult to be entirely ignored.
“The power of Paradise lies in the skull of Abel,” said Chuck, taking off a pendant of polished bone, engraved in the language of angels. “Whoever possesses it on All Hallow’s Eve, when the walls between worlds is thinnest will be the next ruler of Paradise, be that one of my descendants, or the carrier I have chosen.”
Little steps sounded as someone came bounding past where Cas was hiding. On instinct, Cas reached out to stop her from fleeing. Emma turned and tried to bite him. Castiel instantly let go of her arm, and she turned to run again.
“First, you get all worried I’m going to start treating him different, like I’d be a dick to my best friend for catching feelings,” says Dean. “And now you’re telling me that I’m being too nice to him? Is that it?”
“Getting tortured and uniting the Superbian resistance and Naomi against us? Yeah, that was a great idea-“
“No, no, you don’t know the things he did to me,” said Dean. His voice was ragged, and for the first time since Cas had met him, Dean was not in control. “The things he made me do. I need this.”
It wasn’t until around three in the morning that Cas felt the excitement had somewhat fizzled among the prison guards. They had even started to organize themselves somewhat, though he got the feeling there wasn’t really any one person in charge. No hierarchy. Once again, there was that gnawing feeling at the back of his head that something was very odd about this entire situation. These people weren’t Resistance, they were just… people. And not cruel people who were trying to step into a power vacuum, as Meg had said earlier. It seemed like they were guarding prisoners because someone had to. And they weren’t particularly good at it.
“Sorry mister,” one of them yelled behind them, while the second girl (who Castiel now saw was Emma), chased her down and tackled her to the ground. They dissolved into a fit of giggles before standing up to continue their game. Castiel supposed the other girl was Aditi Patel, since whenever he had overheard the edges of conversations about Emma, Aditi was almost always also mentioned.
“Yeah. She’s worried about you. I passed her a case down in Texas that Donna called in from a friend. Almost has it tied up,” says Sam. “Figured once you were healed up enough to move we’d meet up back at the bunker. Take a week off and regroup.”
“More or less,” said Dean. “And that, that’s pretty much me. So, what do you think? Have I lived up to the expectations?”
“I only meant the lack of death threats after saying we’d be staying in the same room was refreshing.”
Finally, Sam finishes. The look on his face is less than encouraging. He opens his mouth, then closes it again.
Claire didn’t finish her sentence. It wasn’t like she didn’t know her parents didn’t exactly behave the way other couples did. They operated as a team, sure, but they never kissed each other, or celebrated their anniversary, and they had had separate rooms as long as Claire could remember. Her dad had always said that was because his back hurt, but she’d never really believed him.
“I know,” said Dean. Jo looked at him and then looked away again, frowning. “Jo, do you really not love me?”
“I want to stop,” says Jack at last. “I don’t- I don’t want to feel this way. I finally felt so much I could drown it out. I didn’t even have to try. And Dean, I didn’t mean to-”
She kicked Dean’s door on the way out and told him that Cas was back. The sound of a knife sinking into the wall was more than enough to tell Cas why Jo didn’t go inside and wake Dean up to tell him this. Better to let Dean wake up by himself or to wake him from a great distance.
“There are like twenty different things I didn’t understand there,” said Gabriel, suddenly looking very interested. “We have some time to kill. Tell me everything.”
Cas didn’t know what to say to that. He wanted Dean to be happy. He liked it best when Dean laughed his way through the more awkward parts of sex, when he grinned at Cas making obvious comments, when it felt like a conversation and not a continuation of a fight they weren’t having.
“Is there something you need from me, general?” he asked, as neutrally as possible. Mary kept staring him down, wariness and what Castiel thought might be amusement warring behind her eyes.
It’s such a bizarre turn of conversation, it actually convinces Cas to look at Dean again. He frowns, absolutely unsure where Dean is going with this. He’s not entirely convinced Dean is coherent enough to be having this conversation. He should probably fix that. Except Dean’s unfocused eyes are doing their best to stare him down, and Castiel can’t help but feel frozen under his attention. Dean really never had lost that power over him.
Castiel smiled a moment at a memory of Hael driving straight into a tree to prove to Mirabel that state vehicles had airbags. They didn’t as it turned out. Anna had been furious when she heard what had happened, but everyone had closed ranks and refused to tell her who exactly had crashed the car. Castiel had told Anna once she’d calmed down and assured her he’d exacted a promise from Hael that she would never do such a thing again, and had also been promised any candy that was included in her rations for the foreseeable future. Anna had let it go in return for half of these rations.
“If you don’t see a happy ending, why the fuck are you going through with this?” she said. Maybe she meant it to sound challenging, or even threatening. She loved Dean as if he were a brother, it made sense she would be concerned that Castiel was treating his feelings cavalierly. But when Castiel heard the question, all he could think was that she sounded sad. “I mean, what happened to letting the people you love go so they can find someone who makes them happy?”
“Shut up,” said Claire, blushing furiously. Kaia turned around to see that Jesse Turner was about to walk through the glass door. She rolled her eyes and prepared herself for the onslaught. “Act natural.”
Castiel had played many different card games among his garrison. Benjamin, Susannah, and Corinthia were better than he was at understanding the rules, and Uriel and Rachel had an uncanny ability to detect weakness or nervousness. That being said, he had more than once won the night. They weren’t allowed to gamble of course, as that would be against state rules and they didn’t have much besides rations to gamble with, anyways. Anna would have had an aneurysm if they had tried that, Castiel thought for a moment. He winced after he thought it, and hated how often he forgot how every thought of Anna smacked of pain and confusion.
If nothing else, they decided that it was probably in their best interests not to be near him for very much longer. They took off down the hallway after the others. Cas noted with a distant sense of relief that Tracy kept the coordinate system in her hand, and had ripped off the earpiece to put in her ear. Alright, that was one thing that had gone right.
“And you know what else he told me?” asked Chuck, something malevolent bubbling in his voice now. “You’re just a replacement for a dead girl.”
“I haven’t walked in a week, Dean. The beginnings of muscle atrophy will have set in. Let alone the havoc Sweet Dreams will have wreaked on my body.”
“We should get married,” said Dean next, fully expecting Jo to say no. Instead she blinked at him, and then continued on her way to the blood bank.
“We’ll take it on a case by case basis. Alright, everyone is dismissed for today,” she said. As soon as she was done, she went back to signing with Eileen about the meeting. Castiel picked up enough to tell the general subjects, but knew he wasn’t fluent enough to trust any details. Most everyone else left immediately, as it was late and they likely wanted to get to sleep. Gordon, Rufus, and Risa had already left the room, along with the five people who had been sent by the other cities to be kept in the loop on Mary’s plans and Ash. Benny looked as though he was planning on staying, but after Dean made a gesture for him to leave, he was gone quickly too.
“Come to me. Those three words are your kind’s calling card,” says Dean, and the crocotta stops pressing down on his chest. Dean sucks in a deep, aching breath, feeling his lungs expand to their full capacity again. He keeps talking, because even if he’s gonna die, maybe someone else will hear him. Claire could still get out of this, if she knows how. Dean doesn’t know if she’s conscious or not, but on the off chance he’s gonna give her everything she needs to make it. “Remember how to kill you suckers too. Sever the spine, and it’s goodbye Mel Blanc. Not sure where you got that voice, since last I heard you fuckers had to hear it first-”
The only thing that stops her from saying so out loud is the part of her that knows how badly she wants to see her kids again. She knows, without having to ask, it’s the same for Tasha and Asa. Mary’s lucky, she got her stolen years to know the men her children became. If Heaven falls apart, they might never know.
“Because I can’t,” she said at long last. In retrospect it was the obvious answer. No wonder she had assumed Dean would figure it out at some point. “You’re keeping her, aren’t you?”
“Cas, hey,” someone else said, leaning close in concern. Castiel looked up to see Dean crouching down next to him. “You gotta stop getting stabbed.”
“Ephraim,” Castiel said, tonelessly to a man he knew to be a medic. The kind of medic that was sent to dispatch soldiers wounded beyond being healed by even the most advanced of methods. Castiel wasn’t stupid. He knew he was surrounded, and that at this point there was nothing he could do to escape death. The only question that mattered to him at the moment was whether or not he had the energy to make it difficult for them. “I assume you aren’t alone.”
“She started it,” Castiel said without thinking. Then he realized Charlie was awake. “Charlie, you’re awake.”
“Fine,” said Castiel, deciding that this would be over more quickly if he just went along with it. He wanted to stop pretending to be alright. What had started out easy had worn on him slowly, and at this point the only thing he wanted to do was curl up some place and never wake up. “But you asked for this.”
“His middle name. For friends only, and usually not even then,” said Charlie. “Dean gets away with it because he’s Dean. Which is sort of the issue. Crowley likes him too much, and he’s not the only monarch on the scene. Rowena is tough as nails and escaped when Dean and Crowley tried to overthrow her. East Canada is still completely under her control.”
“I don’t understand,” says Jack, as if it shouldn’t be possible. Well, omniscience, hell of a thing to lose, Dean supposes.
“I’m sure you’ve killed people. Some of them were probably innocent. And even if you haven’t, I can promise you that other members of your so called resistance have. That’s not to mention the issues with raiding food from cities in the past. People starved so your predecessors could eat.”
“Thanks for building the fire,” Charlie said to him. Gordon nodded to her seriously, though his eyes were glued to Castiel and it didn’t take long until Cas heard the tell tale growl of Tina the dog from hell. Gordon signaled her to relax, but it didn’t do much to ease Castiel’s nerves.
“Great,” said Dean. He looked around the car at the there occupants. “How are the rest of you doing? Selma?”
“Stop acting like this is my fault,” said Charlie. “I don’t fucking gang up on you every time some random soldier shoots first without asking questions, or hurts one of my friends.”
‘Why are you taking the deal?’ he asks instead, curious about Eileen’s certainty in Dean’s suspicions. ‘If you think Billie might be tricking us-’
“Let’s go then,” Jo said at last, reaching out a hand to help Castiel stand up despite the fact he was perfectly capable of lifting himself. He took it and was surprised when she squeezed his hand for a moment, before stomping off ahead of both him and Charlie.
“I’m not gay,” Cas corrected, skipping the rest over. “I’m- I- I don’t know. Rosali could tell you better than I could.”
He didn’t understand this sudden shift in emotion. He wondered a moment if he had been bewitched somehow, but dismissed the notion just as quickly. He would have noticed if the boy had been working some kind of magic, wouldn’t he?
“You’re making a mistake,” said Castiel slowly to Samandriel. “Naomi is the next Lightbringer, and she has every right to defend her title. And what the state does must be right, and it’s not our duty to question why.”
“You love me,” Dean said next, not looking at Cas. “No point trying to save you from yourself if you already- Jesus, what I’m trying to say is you’re a stubborn fucking asshole, and I’m never gonna be able to talk you out of something like that.”
He limps his way through hallway after hallway, looking for some evidence of a struggle. About ten minutes later he stumbles across the medical equipment Conrad had been talking about. Next to it is a dead djinn, stabbed through the gut. Someone had taken the time to lie the body on its back, cross the dead djinn’s arms across her body. She looks arranged with care, and all of Dean’s instincts seem to kick in at once as he realizes just what is wrong with this picture.
“Why?” asked Uriel. “We were ordered to kill her. We followed orders. She betrayed us, and she faced the consequences for her actions.”
“I know,” she said gently. Her expression turned playful as she looked back up above them. “Sunlight through leaves. I told you that was my favorite color.”
“I want my city back under my control,” said Naomi. “I want people with no knowledge and no stake in the wellbeing of my people to take their crusade elsewhere. The state is mine, and if that means Superbia alone, I will be all the happier for it.”
Jack tries to say something else, but Sam shakes his head. Jack finally gets the hint. So he frowns a little at the both of them and shuts himself in the back of the Impala. It occurs to Dean the kid probably isn’t doing that well. He just lost his… well, his dad. It should be a sobering reminder for Dean to get his fucking act together, but instead Dean just laughs at the absurdity of it all. It’s all so fucking hysterical.
“You need to keep fighting,” she said, eyes narrowed on him. “Promise me. You keep fighting. It’s time for me to rest, but it’s sure as hell not time for you. That’s an order, soldier, do you understand me?”
“The state could have set up lines of communication to report that stuff,” said Gabriel. “If they cared as much as you do about it. Rules like that aren’t in place for the citizens’ benefit. They’re there so that soldiers don’t get attached to anyone. There’s a reason the rate of defection is pretty much zero. We did it on purpose. The only family you guys have is each other.”
“Sounds good, chief,” said Benny. Dean patted the tap of the van before walking off to the next one. It didn’t take long after that for Castiel to drift off again, considering he had slept not at all the night before…
“I’m giving you a choice to make. When I’m done, there’ll be a lot more for you out there to save, and a lot less to kill. You’ll have to change, leave behind what you were. Become different men than the men who tried to destroy me. Better ones, hopefully. Think you can manage that?”
“It’s an honor to be chosen,” she said forcefully. Cas closed his mouth. He watched as Kelly’s hand fluttered to her stomach. “And I wanted the baby. I always wanted to be a mom, but I knew they would never let me in the lab. They made a lot of adjustments to my body they wouldn’t want me to mess up.”
“I’m fine,” says Sam quickly, figuring that leaving out the death part is probably the best idea for now. He’ll tell Dean later. Or never maybe, if he can get away with it. “Fixed myself up, okay? But Eileen and I have been talking and… it’s weird right? All these close calls one right after the other. With… with the vampires and you breaking your leg on a ghost hunt and me finding a haunting connected to one of Azazel’s kids-”
“Took him less time to get you to turn your back on the state,” said Benny, smiling a little when he saw Cas bristle. “And none of your fucking business.”
“Yeah, I get that. I mean I don’t get it, get it,” Dean said. “I don’t feel bad for shooting Azazel. But he’s-“
But they get back to the hotel room and line the perimeter of the room with salt (and Eileen mentally takes note that they are going to be leaving an enormous tip for whoever has to clean that up) and then decide to wait it out until the next day to make sure the hunt is done. They fall asleep late in the night, unable to stop themselves from signing small exchanges between heated kisses. They don’t go much further than that, too tired to make things really interesting, but they don’t really need to either. Because they have tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that and there is something intimate in staying up all night just to take each other in and Eileen doesn’t know how she spent so long without this closeness to someone else. Can’t fathom how she spent so much of her life alone.
Selma’s laughter was bright and easy, and despite himself Castiel found that he enjoyed it immensely.
And Dean stands there, a short and yet insurmountable distance away. Castiel will be forgiven, he knows this already. He is always forgiven. He just wishes he could stop doing things he needed to be forgiven for. He just wishes…
“I don’t know why you’re embarrassed,” said Cas. “As far as partners go, I think Gordon was probably the worst choice you’ve made.”
“Fine,” said Dean sweeping past Pamela through the door. Benny rushed off behind him, with Garth and Rosali on their heels. Cas followed with his fellow former soldiers and Dorothy took up the rear.
“Uh, yes,” Castiel said, trying to clear his head of the vague panic he still felt. “Just… just give me a little while to see what’s happening.”
“I’m asking you to live, Hannah,” Cas said. “That’s all. And to tell the others that if they lay their weapons down, no harm will come to them. I promise.”
Dean was sat at the head of the table while Charlie and Sam were sat next to each other with the Charlie’s favorite computer sat in the middle of the two, but tilted towards Charlie. Castiel sat at the other side of the desk, leaving a chair of space in between him and Dean.
“Recently revived, in fact,” Crowley says. “Or did you not wonder how Billie bargained to empty all of Hell?”
“You can always say no. But it would save a lot of lives on both sides if you agreed to help,” said Dean. “I need to know in the next three days. Oh, and if you say yes, ask Jo to find you a better coat. It’s fucking cold in West Canada this time of year.”
Cas closed his eyes a moment, and saw a valley spread below him. A moment of peace at the top of a mountain. A flash of a garden. Sunlight through leaves.
“I wish she would bite my ass,” said Betty. “And Pamela, too. Damn, those two. Two perfect, beautiful women and they had to go for each other. Take pity on the rest of us, why don’t you?”
“Don’t interrupt me,” Cas chides, failing not feel a warm fondness when Dean raises his eyebrows in question.
“Good,” said Cordelia. “I think we’ve finally got something that’s working decent. Dean’ll be happy.”
“We could sit here quietly until morning,” Cas suggested. Dean rolled his eyes. “Unless you’re trying to seduce me again, in which case I decline.”
“So,” Meg said, making it clear nothing Cas said was going to goad her into revealing her secrets. They were the things keeping her alive, so he supposed he shouldn’t feel quite so annoyed about this. And yet. “It must be hard. Sleeping with someone for the first time. I mean, I assume. You struck me as kinda a goody two shoes.”
“I’d like it to be with any issues between us set to rest,” says Cas. Claire doesn’t look at him for a moment. “If that is possible.”
Zachariah didn’t look all that concerned about the possible casualties. Castiel decided he hated him.
Cas curled up on his side in an attempt to ward off Dean and the oncoming headache he had. It didn’t work for either. He felt a light touch on his shoulder, so he sighed and tried to sit up, nearly falling back down when the blood rushed away from his head.
When Cas had suffered through the worst of it, when he was almost functioning again, Dean explained everything. When he’d arrived at camp, Kaia had been guarding Cas. He’d managed to knock her out and establish a perimeter by setting down some of the twin’s make shift explosives. Kaia had been left outside the circle with the message of what would happen if anyone were to enter. Dean had the bombs on a timer he had to manually reset every four hours. He hadn’t slept since he got there.
Cas stands suddenly, and for whose benefit he isn’t sure. How can it be such hell to know that you are necessary, that your very presence holds someone together? That should be enough, it is even, but… Is it such a crime to want more?
“Are we trying to get on the king’s good side?” asked Castiel to Charlie. She nodded. “Perhaps I should stay out of sight then.”
Jack has to know it’s okay. Has to know he’s forgiven, was always going to be forgiven. That Dean never wanted him to go in the first place, he just didn’t see another way out, and he was so tired, and he didn’t know what was real and what wasn’t. But he knows now. He does.
Well, apparently Dean wasn’t expecting that line of reasoning. The shades of guilt that had been there before deepened. Castiel wasn’t satisfied.
“Yeah,” says Claire. “You and me, we’re part of the reason she got stuck in the Bad Place. And you, you’re the reason she got out. I owe you a lot for that. Maybe even my life, because that’s what I was gonna spend trying to get her some peace. So don’t take this the wrong way, but I kinda need you to be okay right now. I want to keep living in a world where she’s still alive. That doesn’t happen if you don’t find a way to let the anger go. And trust me, I know you don’t want to. I didn’t either. Sometimes I still don’t. That’s okay, but… I want to go home after this. I don’t want to die.”
“So creation and destruction,” Sam says out loud, trying to catch up. Everyone else stops talking. “They’re just… power.”
Jack isn’t sure. Billie is gone, the loudest thing in the room. But the rest of the universe is gone too, no longer a roar of background noise in Jack’s head. He doesn’t know if he’s glad for that or not. He had liked feeling it as somewhere in a greenhouse in Buenos Aires a well tended flower started to bloom, the smallness of new life hitting him over and over again. Now, there was nothing. Not even Amara’s poised stillness, her coiled tight wariness, her protective darkness.
“And some of these people shouldn’t be here at all if you ask me,” says Ash. “A lot of devout bigots, racists, you name it wandering around harassing folks.”
“You might dress me in white and let me die in your arms, but you know I was never a saint, Castiel,” said Anna, sounding tired now. “I asked you to live. It’s a cruel thing to do, I know.”
As Castiel suspected, Selma mysteriously found herself unable to help him that night. He supposed he deserved it for so quickly wasting the ammunition she had given to him. Oh well. He still thought it was worth the look on Benny LaFitte’s face.
“You made your bed. Sleeping bag. Whatever,” Benny said, also excusing himself to go and do something useful.
“He acts like a good man, but he is far from that,” said Alistair. “I gave him a choice between dying and living and he chose living. He knew what price I’d ask from him and he said yes.”
“What? He’s smart,” Charlie said, not even attempting to defend herself. “He was going to find out you were keeping things from him eventually.”
“Uriel was right,” said Castiel, voice too flat to be comforting no matter how hard he tried. “You were following orders. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Why me?” asks Kevin, ignoring him. Which is his right, technically. “I know you guys cared about me, I guess I just never thought I was that high on the resurrect from the dead list, y’know?”
But that is nothing compared to the part of him that has lain dormant under Jack’s careful reconstruction. Because there still is a wanting so great it could swallow the rest of him up, and has for twelve years and counting. And there is something joyful in letting it consume him again, as frightened as that makes him. Because it means he has another choice to make, and he thought he had left choice behind, at long last.
“I didn’t know there was a code. We use the elevator,” he growled back, as if Cas were an idiot. “We’ve never touched these doors.”
She does not know how she got roped into a family reunion at a nearby Applebee’s, only that Dean reassured her that it would, for some reason, be a good idea to do so. They all sit in a booth, Amara (what is left of a primordial force known as the Darkness), Jack (a former God and current nephil), Kelly (Jack’s human mother), and Michael (who has returned to the Winchester’s half brother as his vessel as his grace slowly fails due to Heaven’s ongoing dissolution).
This, if anything, darkens Dean’s expression further. Because, Cas surmises, Dean hates the idea that Cas would make private sacrifices in an effort to protect him more than he hates the idea that Cas is afraid of him. It is a close thing, probably, but only one of them is something he believes he doesn’t deserve.
“I don’t think you value the idea of your own happiness at all,” he said. Which was a hurtful thing to say, but Cas supposed he would have to concede the point. At least until recently, his own happiness had never been the point of why he did things. If it resulted, that was to be enjoyed, but his life had been one devoted to duty. And then it had been one of unrelenting despair. “The point is when you get overwhelmed, no one and nothing can stop you from doing what you think needs to be done. Even people you love. And that is a way to destroy everyone around you without even realizing you’re doing it.”
Suddenly they stopped. The three women turned to look at them. The center soldier cleared her throat and began to speak.
“I had something to tell you, and I followed Lydia because I assumed she would know where you were-“
Cas thought about it. It isn’t unappealing, the thought of a creature to take care of. Something that will need nothing from him but to be fed and cleaned and looked after. That he can do, he supposes. After all, animals don’t lie about whose company they enjoy and whose they don’t. They don’t know how to.
“I doubt that,” she said, sounding sure of herself. “But congrats on finally not shooting yourself in the foot long enough to make a move.”
But before Dean can think about it any longer, Sam is launching into his story about Lily Baker and her parents. Poor girl got taken out in Azazel’s death matches after accidentally killing her girlfriend with just a touch. Turns out her birth parents died in a fire like the one that killed Mary Winchester, because of course they did. Old news. Except not to them apparently, who still had enough vengeful in them to recognize Sam for what he is (another one of Azazel’s kids) and enact some misguided sense of justice on him. For living when Lily didn’t maybe.
“I’m leaving,” he said, backing away when Jo tried to take a few steps towards him. He shook his head at her and fixed his eyes back on Dean. “But don’t worry. I’m sure the target you’ve just made me will ensure I don’t make it very far.”
It feels like it takes hours to finally get to the library, but logically Dean knows it’s only a few minutes. They march on in the world’s weirdest conga line, and it’s only towards the end that Claire slowly closes in on Jack. She’s so close by the time Dean reaches the door to the library, Dean isn’t sure how Jack hasn’t realized she’s there yet. The last few seconds before Jack passes into the library, Claire jumps past him and into the room. If this startles Jack, he doesn’t register it in time not to go through himself, an unseen Castiel becoming visible just in time to slam the library door shut behind him.
“I’m sure I’ll get over it,” said Castiel, realizing a moment too late that his voice cracked at the end of his sentence. Trisha frowned at him suddenly, as though she’d just noticed something.
“Do you want me or do you just want my obedience?” Cas shoots back, not pulling his punches. “Because you get to throw your life away over and over and I don’t get to-”
“You’re so full of it, LaFitte,” said Jo, but she was smiling. “Stay in that bed as long as you want, though, because you’ll never guess who’s been assigned temporary captain in your place.”
“So Tamara and I had a few conversations,” Benny said, ignoring Cas’ questioning tone. “Because Sam asked me to make sure if it came to it, I would take you out. Because he knew sure as hell that Dean wouldn’t be able to. She didn’t much like the idea. Not that she likes you much, but she’s not a huge fan of assigning a man who’s done nothing wrong yet an executioner. Especially considering how fucked you are, generally. I think she felt sorry for you.”
“I’m glad to hear,” said Dean. “But just so you know. You and me? We are not good. I get that you’ve officially seen the light and all that, and God help me, I actually like having you around, but you should never have brought Emma into this. And there’s no way in hell you didn’t know better.”
When they finally made it to Amara’s door, it was nearing dawn. She ushered them inside briskly, her eyes scanning the road to make sure no one else saw. Then they were hurried to the back of her spacious apartment (something Cas was shocked she could afford) and into a large room that was set up to look a little like a hospital emergency room. Alicia, Max, Krissy, and Tracy were all asleep in one of the cots. A crazed looking Charlie leapt from where she had been fiddling with a radio and glared at all of them. The others were nowhere to be seen, but there was a door that led to another room of cots that Cas suspected might be where they were sleeping. Or at least some of them. Others might be patrolling the streets, looking for them.
They hunt and live, and the world almost ends a time or two and still the SHADOW does not come for him. Jack reveals his secret, and there is the requisite yelling, and moving on, and still nothing.
“Yeah, me neither,” he said. Dean never slept in the tents, preferring to sleep where he wouldn’t accidentally try to kill someone upon waking. Still, that usually meant sleeping within sight of whoever was keeping watch. It was warm enough that sleeping in the open air wasn’t a problem. “I spent a lot of nights in this car, the first time I went out west. Thought the familiarity would help.”
“I can do that,” Cas said with what he hoped was a reassuring smile. “I didn’t choose Jo over you. We just got close, and I lost perspective.”
Then again, he’d been paying less attention to where they were going next than he had to convincing Naomi of the lie Dean had come up with. He had sent quite a few messages back to an increasingly frustrated Naomi who eventually had conceded that Castiel likely couldn’t have done anything differently, and that Zachariah’s attempt to start conflict would have happened whether Castiel was there or not. While this wasn’t strictly true, Castiel did think that Zachariah had jumped to quickly at the opportunity to take on Naomi for that to not have previously been on his mind.
He took a deep breath, only to turn around and see Trisha right behind him. She was lucky he only jumped and didn’t take a swing at her.
“She lied to you, Castiel. She lied to everyone in your garrison. I know this is difficult to hear, but it’s important for you to understand. Anael was a subversive,” Naomi paused to let this sink in. “Did she ever… approach you in any way about this plot? Ask you for help in secret?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Jo asked flatly, pausing in her exploration of the cell door for weak spots. “Of course it matters. We have to get out so we can help-“
“It wasn’t Dean’s time yet,” says Cas, finally defending himself. If only out of spite. “He’d barely tasted freedom.”
“I was grieving the betrayal of the only person who ever loved me and I tried to find someone else who could relieve me of my feelings of abandonment,” she says. Cas stares at her. “I was on Earth for a while. I had time to think. And what I learned is that hurt and loss and discomfort are a part of life. There can’t be easy fixes to that, or it all falls apart again. It becomes a new story, a new narrative thread in a universe already sagging under the weight of Chuck’s writing. We aren’t being cruel, Castiel. There is a reason Jack and I decided to write ourselves out. Or do you want to be the author of Dean Winchester’s life?”
No one bothered to tell Castiel what had happened to Kelly after he’d been locked into a different area in the basement. They’d handcuffed him to something metal and heavy and melted beyond recognition of it’s original use. They’d also been thorough in making sure they disarmed him, which meant that his best option for escape was dislocating his thumb, and he was still fairly certain that wouldn’t work.
“What? I’m not allowed to object to having to see his face when I’m trying to have a good time?” Gordon asked, eyes never moving. “If Dean had any sense he would have just shot him and been done with it. We don’t need the state’s leftovers.”
“I don’t know,” says Cas. “One day I woke up and I realized I was afraid my mother would kill me. Not metaphorically. I used to picture it sometimes, how I would be sleeping in my bed and she would walk in with a kitchen knife and slit my throat. Or that she would reveal me for who I was, and let me be beaten to death by the men who had helped raise me. Who had raised my friends. And so I learned to be quieter for a while. Obedient but calculating.”
“My head isn’t all that objective or rational,” said Cas. “Forgive me if I have trouble trusting it.”
“If you must stay,” Castiel said, clearing his throat. “At least be useful. Or convincing. The real Anna would never behave like this.”
“Rather not hear the details, son,” said Bobby with a grimace. He shut the door, and Castiel took a moment to wonder what Gabriel was going to say before he decided he didn’t care. The only thing that mattered was getting enough sleep to prepare himself for the next day.
“I know, but I don’t want to deal with his nonsense,” said Rosali. “Jason could stand to learn a thing or two from his cousin. At least when Kevin has a crush he keeps it to himself.”
“Oh so now it’s the silent treatment. Great. I can really see why your file is an inch thick, God,” Dean muttered. “How did the state not get rid of you for being trouble?”
“Hmm,” said Jo, not believing a word. “If that’s the case, I wonder where Gabriel got the idea to include in his report that if Dean didn’t let you down easy he was going to castrate him. Side note, when did you and Gabe become friends?”
“I could suck your dick,” Dean says, breaking the silence in a way that is both jarringly unromantic and yet still incredibly earnest. Cas might have laughed if he didn’t know it would hurt Dean’s feelings, something he is trying not to do for the foreseeable future. Still, Dean seems to recognize it for the non sequitur it is and hurries to add. “That’s what I was gonna say before. I mean, uh-”
Castiel glanced to his left and caught sight of an angry glare in his direction. So he wasn’t the only one not paying attention to Joshua’s speech of gratitude for their help. Gordon’s nose had in fact been broken, and he now had a bandage across his nose and was apparently hoping he could cause Cas to drop dead out of sheer will alone.
“You can sit, y’know?” he muttered at last. The angel- no harp, no heavenly chords, no nothing, but an angel nonetheless- didn’t move. “Sam sent you to babysit me. I get it. The least you can do is pretend we’re friends out for a drink.”
“Like Sam can’t take both days off if he wants,” Jo pointed off. “Besides, Jess is off tonight. Tamara gets it.”
“Yeah, well, better we risk it than we tell you where they are and they definitely get killed,” Charlie said, for a moment dropping her friendly demeanor and looking at Castiel with a very serious expression. “I want to think the best of you. I even do most of the time. But there’s no such thing as too much caution, and for the time being it’s best that you don’t know too much about us.”
“We could stage a rebellion,” said Castiel. “I’ve been out of the loop for a while, but I don’t much like lying around and waiting for Sam to decide when I’m allowed to leave. If he ever decides I’m allowed to leave.”
Cas and Benny took the lead in figuring out the quickest method of clearing the road so they could keep making process in their journey towards Guttur. They didn’t have many daylight hours left, and with the barricades Billy had had set up (allegedly), it was taking much longer than they thought to get to the city before they moved on to Libidine. What should have been a one or two day trip was looking as though it might stretch out to a week, and that was a week they didn’t have when it came to protecting the forces they’d left behind them in Superbia.
“How about Castiel?” Cas said back. Dean shrugged, still looking awfully pleased with himself. “I like my name.”
Claire pretended to gag, dragging Cas’ eyes away from Dean’s face. He regretted that, a little. He was beginning to think of Claire as something. Perhaps not a sister, but something. However, moments spent not drinking in Dean’s current status of being alive and well were not quite as well spent as those that were.
“So…” she says at last, swallowing hard and stowing her switchblade. She’s silent for a couple of seconds after that, gathering her thoughts. Her hands clench into fists and Dean kinda hopes she punches him. It would be something to feel at least. “Working theory?”
So he has helped her fill in a lot of the blanks as far as the how of what is happening. Lucky he hasn’t guessed that Mary is pretty sure she knows the why, or he might be annoyed that she’s holding out on him. That being said, she doesn’t want to upend whatever arrangement Cas and Ash have going, and she has a feeling from the way Ash has grown increasingly unrelaxed about the whole multiplying Heaven’s thing, he isn’t going to take it well that his partner in improving the whole system is probably to blame for the “upgrade.” Because Mary knows Cas well enough to know he was probably only trying to help.
“You’re only talking to me this way because I said I wouldn’t leave. Stop,” says Cas. This finally makes Dean look at him, and to his credit he does look guilty. He sits up then, swinging his legs down so he can look at Cas straight on. Then he takes off the splint Dr. Li left his formerly broken leg in and flexes his calf muscles. His hand runs down the skin of his thigh where one of the legs of his jeans had been cut short to accommodate the cast the crocotta had broken. Dr. Li had already done a good job of repositioning Dean’s bones back into the correct position. Now, however, there is no evidence Dean had ever been injured at all. Cas feels a little swell of pride, despite himself. He knows he is more than the pain he can spare Dean Winchester, and yet… It is a good feeling to spare him the pain. Cas cannot deny that to himself. “Better?”
“Aye, and both at the same time,” she says. “I suppose I can’t complain. I hardly knew the boy, but he seemed to be one of the good ones.”
“So I stab you in the leg, then you hang around for a few days outside the city, and then drive in like a bat out of hell,” he said. “That was your plan?”
There was no reasonable way to turn her down. The more he thought about it, the more Castiel realized what an asset Jo could be. She knew the city better than he did. She knew how to blend in and who was resistance. Jo could slip from persona to persona with ease, and was five times the spy that Castiel could ever be. Convincing the soldiers to stand down was something only Castiel could do, but infiltrating the city and getting the opportunity to speak with various garrisons… Jo could be more than just helpful to him.
“Okay, Cas,” said Dean. “Both you and Kelly, hands behind your back. We’ve got orders to shoot you if you don’t comply.”
“She knows enough,” said Dean. “Cas, I had to break this to you, but it’s actually hard not to like you. And for all she knows I’m a raging psychopath.”
“Why are you acting like this?” asked Castiel, his frustration clouding any kind of self preservation instinct he might have. Not like that was difficult. “I thought- I thought we were friends.”
“They wouldn’t let me go, would they?” asked Kelly, eyes straying to where Dean and Gordon were currently helping Benny to his feet.
“If you had asked me,” she said at last, and the admission caught Castiel off guard. “There was a time, Castiel, that we would have done anything for you. Even Alexis and Uriel.”
“No,” said Castiel. Dean turned back to glare at him, and Cas remembered he’d agreed he shouldn’t be speaking. “Superbia deserves autonomy.”
“Yeah, like five years ago,” Sam said. He frowned at Cas. “They really don’t tell you guys much, huh?”
They all stand there, at a strange impasse. Then the crocotta moves, inhumanly fast. When he’s still again, Claire notices the Grigori sword she carries with her on hunts in his hand. He must’ve taken it off her when he knocked her out. She swallows, looks over at Cas, then back at the sword. Because Cas is on death number who-knows-what at this point, but that doesn’t mean he’ll come back this time if the crocotta gets in a good hit. Claire tries to convey a silent apology in Cas’ direction, but he takes no notice. He’s too busy looking between Claire, Dean, and the door, and Claire can practically hear the gears in his head turning trying to figure out how the hell he’s going to get them all out of there. The crocotta smiles at him, but Claire can tell the bloodlust is for her, to make her afraid for Cas. Somehow, Claire doubts the grief fueling this guy’s mania is going away anytime soon. She might even feel sorry for him if he and his girlfriend hadn’t been stringing people up and sucking the life out of them. Or the soul out of them, she guesses in this guy’s case.
