“Oh, so Captain America is a security risk now?” Stark spits. The two start bickering, Stark growing more outspoken and animated, and Coulson not flinching. There’s history there, Steve hazards to guess, but he cuts in, not caring about interrupting them.
He'd expected to see a staff member — he can see Steve at the counter, but it could have been Clint or Bucky, or even Natasha stopping in for a tea, since she seems to have become a fixture in the Brewed Awakening crew's life.
“Yeah, I’m glad you’re okay, too. You had me worried there for a while, Cap,” Tony agreed softly.
"So we have time," Natasha surmised.
Steve has to hand it to them, when SHIELD wants to, they can get things done fast. Two days later, he’s carrying his shield and his duffle bag that contains all of his worldly possessions as he trudges up the stairs to his new apartment. It’s in lower Manhattan. He’s been out to Brooklyn once since he woke up, but he’s not ready to move back there yet. Maybe one day, but not yet. It’s familiar and too foreign at the same time. Manhattan is recognizable, comfortable, but it’s not as jarring because it was never
“I know the team can be kind of snoopy, but I’m sure they meant well, Tony.”
Tony freezes. "That's too bad. Would it help if the Maria Stark Foundation made a donation?"
. And that simple pleasure that comes as he takes another bite makes him feel just a little bit better.
better knowing you're not just a random civilian."
"So like I was saying," Tony says, resisting the urge to slip his hands into his pockets because if this guy throws a punch, Tony should probably be ready for it, "you're going to have to find a different location for your coffee shop."
"It was infiltrated. By someone who was pissed that I'm the reason her dad's in jail, and who stupidly thought that getting the mind stone would let her save the world, and saving the world would be enough to get her darling dearest father pardoned. God, I can't even believe Hammer had a kid. Can't believe he actually managed to convince someone to sleep with him, I mean –"
Steve heads back to the kitchen, leaving Clint and Bucky to give each other knowing looks up front in peace. He knows what they're thinking – and yeah, it's been a while since Steve's had any interest in anyone, but they don't need to make a big deal out of it. Besides, Steve's
He opens the message and reads:
With that, he turns and walks out of the shop. He can still hear Steve's musical chuckle as the door swings shut behind him.
Steve seems quite content to play with Dummy, and so Tony turns back to the work he’d been poking at before Steve arrived. For a moment, he can almost convince himself everything is normal again, like Steve had never gone anywhere, and nothing had happened to him.
“Yeah, and that has probably been one of the nicest weeks for everyone here. Come on, Nat. You’ve seen it. We just… it doesn’t matter how much we try. We just end up getting under each others’ skin. It’s not- it’s not fair. He won’t say it, but I’m pretty sure he doesn’t want me around. And I-”  He needs to not be around Tony. The only reason that he’s gone a week without seeing Tony is because he’s gone out of his way to make sure they couldn’t cross paths. Because sometimes, every once in a while, they have a conversation and it’s nice. They laugh, they joke, they
get sick from being cold, right?" Tony is still standing beside the bed, looking torn. If Steve didn't know better, he'd think Tony was actually nervous.
"He failed to tell me that he'd told you about that," Bucky says.
"Uh huh. Sure. Not what I've heard," Clint says.
He opens his mouth to say something, but doesn’t get a chance before his train of thought is derailed by a shout, a loud bang, and something that sounds a hell of a lot like a gun shot, followed by screams. Without thinking, Steve grabs the woman around the waist and rolls them to the ground, putting his body between her and the door to shield her. She stares at him, wide eyed and panicked as he jumps to his feet.
"I'm pretty caught up at work, so I thought I might take Friday afternoon off to spend with him, if you want a half-day?" Tony says as she follows him into the kitchen. He gives the pasta sauce that's been simmering on the stove a little stir, then puts on a pot to boil water.
Bucky looks up, his arm snaked around Clint's waist. "Oh, hey Steve. Thought you were working Manhattan today."
Rhodey walks right up to him, and hauls him up into his arms for a hug.
"Well, it's not really the kind of thing we want in that neighbourhood," Tony tells him. "You understand."
"I had heard something about that," Bucky confirms, and glances over at Tony.
Steve reaches over and puts a comforting hand on Tony's back. Tony hunches in on himself, but at the same time he leans just a little in Steve's direction.
Steve rolls his eyes. "He ordered coffee, we chatted. Just like always."
"And I know I'm probably stepping over a line, but tonight proved that, if nothing else, sometimes you have to take a leap of faith. Sometimes you have to do the thing that scares you the most if it means you might get something perfect and amazing and real at the end."
And then he walks out, leaving Tony and Steve to stare after him.
And now, just when he's found Tony, realized what he and Tony could be to each other…
"Pepper. Pepper, please. Light of my life," Tony pleads over the phone the next day. "Can I just not?"
Bruce had gotten a brief moment with Natasha, Vision and Wanda had been whispering in a corner, and Sam and Rhodey had chatted idly. Like old friends. Like nothing had happened. Clint had watched them all while Bucky had stood beside Steve like a sentry.
“Tony what’s going on?” Steve asks, concern edging into his voice. Tony frowns in confusion, and stares into the space. A second later, another projectile comes hurtling in from the opposite side of the room — an arrow with some kind of less than aerodynamic deformity at the end which arcs through the air towards Clint’s hiding spot. Clint must sense that it’s coming because at the last second, he dives out of the way, bow in hand, and grabs the fallen arrow and shoots it back across the room.
"That's a pretty big deal for him."
“Wait, so you’re serious?”  Steve asks him.
"I assume you mean me?"
"Figured if I was the only one he was going to have, I needed to be twice as good."
“What did you mean when you said it was SI funding that led to finding me?” He asks, cutting through all the preamble. He really just doesn’t have the patience for it.
There was a time in his life that Tony would have made some flippant comment and walked away. But now — now he’s stared at loss too many times and felt his heart break in too many pieces. He knows when he’s damn lucky to have something back.  So he curls into Steve’s embrace a little and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder.
Tony ends the call, grinning to himself, giddy over the fact that in just a few hours he's going to get a chance to see his boyfriend again. It's ridiculous, and it makes him feel like a dumb teenager all over again. But he doesn't care. He's happy.
It also resulted in him and Steve both snapping and falling into bed together. Well, falling onto the shop couch together. But they did make it to a bed. Eventually.
Coulson is standing behind Stark, completely unfazed, and despite the fact that Coulson had ‘protested’ to Stark’s presence, there is no doubt in Steve’s mind that this meeting was at the very least sanctioned by Fury, if not set up by him. If Stark truly wasn’t supposed to be here, then he wouldn’t be standing here, staring at him.
"Who needs a reputation anyway?" Steve sighs, rolling his eyes to the ceiling in supplication as he passes the cup over to Tony.
cannoli.' And I thought, seriously, he can't know for sure that Tony is coming in today, can he? Except turns out he
Not that there was much of a ‘them’ to remember. But. There was going to be.
Steve's shoulders slump a little more. Suspicion con-fucking-firmed. God, these two are morons. The pair of them.
right next door.
One moment Thanos is there, and in the next, he's ash on the breeze.
Rhodey lets out a shaky, relieved breath. "What do you need me to do?"
"Right, right, right. Well, you can reschedule, right?"
"I wasn't sure if you wanted to interview them or not, but either way, they're all expecting to hear from you."
He was going to get his Steve back, no matter what it took.
"Wow. I can't believe I'm meeting Tony Stark," she gushes. "I'm such a fan of what you've been doing with the StarkPhone lately."
"We've got strawberry lemonade, raspberry lemonade, and mango lemonade," Steve says, tone serious. He gives Casey a little wink. "I think the mango might be my favourite."
“Hey,” Steve protests easily, “I got beat up all the time because I was half the size of the other guys.” He’s relaxed, and off center, that’s his excuse as to why he doesn’t react fast enough as Stark darts forward, grabs him and twists, throwing Steve over his hip. A split second later Steve finds himself laying on his back on the mat, staring up at Stark, who is grinning down at him.
"I've got you," Clint murmurs, and then there are a couple of silent shots. "Can't get a clear shot on the others."
But somehow, sometime today, someone had gone to Casey's school, and taken him.
"She was brilliant. I mean, really. She was incredible. We were young – well, she was, younger than me, I mean – we were eager, she was the smartest person I'd ever met, and the ideas she came up with – things I had never considered. When I finally realized what I'd lost when I'd given up Stark Industries, she was right there, helping me make Stark Resilient something even better. She was so innovative. There was no problem, no roadblock she couldn't find her way around. Impossible didn't exist in her world. Fujikawa and Stark. We were unstoppable. After she died, I had the company set up the Rumiko Fujikawa Foundation, which provides funding for young people to explore STEM fields and encourage creative thinking. It's the kind of legacy she would have wanted."
He takes the tablet with him and hits the workshop. He'll do a little bit of work here while he waits for the caffeine to work its way out of his system, he decides.
"Okay," he agrees, and takes the coffee as his expression shifts into the bright grin that makes Steve's chest feel like it's about to burst with affection. "And hey, if you ever need anything else fixed, seriously, let me know. I like it, being able to fix stuff."
Stark very pointedly looks from Steve, to the split bag on the floor, and back to Steve again. “Right,” he says, incredulously.
beside his school.
She scoffs prettily. "I've been safe in LA and New York. Tony called me before you all went to the, um, the other reality. Of course, I was in a meeting so he left me a voicemail, the bastard. Rhodey called me after you came back. To let me know what was happening, that it was about to get bad. I've been worried sick."
"You should be up there," she says, jerking her chin up toward the palace proper. "With him."
It’s Steve’s turn to level the flat stare, and he pointedly glances between Stark and the mess of ruined heavy bags. “Not exactly a fair fight.”
He probably should have gone to bed hours ago, but his brain is still running in seventeen different directions, so it’s easier to just stay down in the shop and tinker. He’s tired, he’s stressed, he’s not dealing well, but right now, he doesn’t have the energy to care.
"Parenting ain't easy," Fred agrees.
Tony sputters a little, and then his arms go around Steve's back and oh, wow, that's even better.
“It’s
"Yeah, okay," Tony says in disbelief.
you pawing at me," Steve says with a lazy smile. His face turns serious again. "I mean it, Tony. I've wanted this, wanted you, for a long time. After tonight… I don't want to lose our chance."
"You're not going alone," Steve says, stern.
"We need all the firepower here, right?" Tony asked, looking at Strange even as he could feel his stomach sinking, feel eyes on him all around the room. At the same time, it feels right.
"Why did you take Casey?"
"Exactly. And you learn from it. So the next time, you get to fuck things up in a new and exciting way."
"Tony…"
"The Time stone doesn't leave my possession," Strange announced. "I've sworn on my life to keep it safe."
"Ayup. Got anything that might work laying around?
After that he ate, he was malnourished and dehydrated, his wounds was tended to. Or what was not yet healed. And he slept. Slept for two days straight. Rhodey thought he died. Tony wished he did.
Tony opened his eyes, something warm still on his chest. A week has passed and he has done nothing. He knew in the back of his mind that he should call Wong, should tell him that something must be wrong. Because all of these images are not his (and how he hated it. Because he wanted that happiness and those smiles. He can’t help but envy those Tony in his dreams, because why do they get to be happy when-)
“Are you an acquaintance of Nick Fury?” The woman looked up at them, still sizing them up before relaxing in a way that for some reason shouted military. Her posture was relaxed but solid, she was confident in a way that she knew she was strong and could defeat all of them in a minute, tops. And with the glowy hands, Tony doesn’t want to risk it.
But he didn’t. Because telling him is cementing the fact that those images are not real. That those dreams are from an alternate reality or whatever and he can’t have that. At least like this, he can pretend that those were memories. That it was him who smiles and laughs and loves in those dreams.
His gait was normal, he didn’t hurry as he entered the elevator. He pretended he didn’t hear though. Pretended that he didn’t hear the soft call of “Tony” uttered by the blond man.
The dreams didn’t stop.
“What the fuck was that.” Tony said as he was awoken by his phone ringing. That, was definitely not a memory. (Nor the first dream was, because there was gold band in their fingers and mention of husbands that made Tony soft in the inside.)
Tony opened his eyes with a scream on the back of his throat and tears on his eyes. He was sobbing outright and god. It hurt. It hurt so much.
“Wong.” He greeted the man, nodding his head slightly. The Mystic Arts practitioner nodded back at him, eyes crinkled with stress and barely hid pain.
“I’m sorry I cannot help further.” Tony only nodded and gave Wong a smile that he hoped was not as fray as he felt.
Tony inhaled sharply and took a step forward. No use reminiscing about the past.
“Yes of course.”
Tony jolted. He had to save him. He had to save Peter. He had to. He had to.
Everyone turned sharply, bodies tense as they reacted lethally to the unknown voice that echoed in the lab. And there was a blonde woman. Wearing a what looked like a body suit that came from a sci-fi movie, the red and blue reminding her of a certain Captain. She was posed to attack, her hands glowing in a way that Tony knew would blow some shit up.
left his mouth.
Involuntarily he jolted back, arc reactor already thrumming as the nanobots spread over his chest and his stomach and his arms and soon he was covered with the Iron Man armor, a meter or maybe it was three, away from Steve.
“Yes. Nicholas Fury was the director of SHIELD and we are the Avengers, an Initiative created by the Director in order to defend the Earth from… external forces.”
Tony landed on the Avengers’ facility upstate, armor receding into the arc reactor on his chest. After he landed, he was already zipping up the leather jacket he was donning, hiding the arc reactor. Hiding his weakness, but there was no need really. He doesn’t need the arc reactor to live after all and he doesn’t have a shrapnel slowly inching to his heart. And besides, he made sure to make it stronger and tougher, enough that even vibranium
Tony Stark was born with sorrow in his veins and pain in his bones. Happiness nothing but a blimp in his life. It was there, then it was gone. Ripped away cruelly by the fates and the gods and whatever it is that controls the universe. (He tried not to think of dust and ash. Of choking and heaving and crying and sobbing. And oh god why him? Why his son-why his Pet-)
He can’t.
The billionaire took one look at the facility and he could already feel the barrage of memories. He could remember “I miss you’s” and farms and settling down, of Accords and fights and itsallmyfaultallmyfaultall-
He arrived at Earth a week before. The journey towards the planet took a month and a half. He can’t really remember how he got here. All he had was faint memories of taking a space ship with a cassette player, he could remember a blue untiring alien android steadying him and forcing him to eat, saying that he would save them. He laughed when she said that. Or maybe he cried. He can’t really tell.
“Well what are you waiting for?” She asked, voice brooking for an explanation.
(Before they go, before they don their suits, Tony finds Steve and Steve finds Tony. They stare at each other, eyes cataloguing the pain and sadness that the other hasn’t manage to hide. And there was so many. So many pain and love and hurt and god Tony just wanted- he wanted. God how he wanted. But now’s not the time.
Tony stopped and stared at her. Right heroes. God. They were heroes. How can he forget that?
Rhodey was worried. Well, more worried than usual and he took to making sure that Tony was taking care of himself by visiting his lab every day. Their other ‘visitors’ however, was getting restless.
Shit.
“But Tony you have to-
He blamed his Dad for it, he blamed Obadiah Stane, he blamed the Afghans, he blamed Loki, Wanda and Ultron and Thanos and Steve. Oh god, oh how he blamed Steve. (Because he trusted Steve, he hoped and he loved and he dreamt. But well, it’s not betrayal unless it comes from those you love the most.) But what he blames the most is himself. And fuck. He hates himself. Hates himself so somuch. More than Dad, more than Stane, more than the Afghans and Loki and Wanda, Ultron and Thanos. More than Steve (but he also loves him. Loves so much so much. But it hurts also. So much.)
Then she came. And more or less knocked some sense onto them. He was glad it didn’t happen literally.
“The rest of the Avengers would like to see. It seems like the communicator that they though was from Director Fury, currently stopped giving off signals. They would like to consult you before taking actions.”
“I do.” The words echoed in the room.)
But before he can think more of the dream and the warmth it gave him, reality splashed him with cold water when he opened his eyes and saw a blonde woman in the table. He soon realized that he fell asleep in the kitchen and that Natasha was staring at him.
He didn’t stop.
“Wong, did Strange left you anything? When we were in Ti-“ Tony paused. His heart hammering, his breath coming up short and he could remember ash and dust and choking and pain and- nothing. Tony cleared his head. No he felt nothing, he convinced himself. Tony cleared his throat, chucking the thoughts away and continued as if he was not blinking back tears.
He could also remember blue eyes and blond hair, looking at him with sadness as deep as the ocean. He ignored him.
He sat down heavily on the sofa and leant back, hands draping over his eyes as he closed his eyes. He was tired. So tired and he wanted to sleep.
“Do you trust me?” It was a question packed with so much emotion and feelings and hurt. Because Tony needs to know. Needs to know if Steve will have his back when the time comes, if Steve will listen to him when he fires a call. He tried not to think of how all of this happened in the first place because Steve lied. Steve didn’t trust him and kept things from him and so everything went down. So Tony has to know.
“Saving the world.” She said rolling her eyes as if it wasn’t obvious. As if it was something that they don’t have to think about. As if they were idiots for not immediately coming to the conclusion that they should stand up and fight.
No words left his mouth that day.
Before he knew it he finds himself standing up, knees a little shaky and mind a whole lot of mess. Because they were heroes. How did he forget that?
“Tony calm down. Breathe.” Warm hands encased his and he could feel the hand guiding it into the others chest. He looked up and saw ocean and sky and sun, weathered by pain but it was captivating and soon he was following the breathing of the sun and the sky.
“I didn’t want to go.” Rhodey left soon after Tony just turned around and made the hologram fly in front of him (But really, that was not the reason. He left because Tony made him leave, because Tony was breaking and he can’t have Rhodey there to witness him)
“Are you?” She asked back, face blank as she regarded all of them carefully. On the corner of his eyes, he can see Thor’s hands twitching. That normally meant that he was calling for his weapon.
His hand was raised, repulsor already whining as it powered up.
Steve closed his eyes. Regret. It was a sharp bitter taste. And even though Tony tried not to think about it, he still did. And Steve saw that. Steve knew that. So he opened his mouth. What left it was a promise, an apology, maybe a declaration of love. Both of them don’t know. But Tony finds himself reaching out and Steve found him. They both grasped at each other, the grab to desperate and needy for touch for it to be a handshake.
“Fuck.” He exclaimed shakily as he curled into a ball, his palms pressing into his eyes.
The moment he entered his lab in the facility, he could already feel exhaustion biting at his bones.
“Where’s Nick?”
“Boss.”
“I know honeybear, I heard you the first time.”
“Fuck!” He could still feel his lips tingling, could feel the echoes of Steve’s laughs.
But no one stood up, maybe from shock, maybe from the memory of loss and dust and pain and-
“Because I didn’t want to go.”
“Yes.” His eyes found Steve, as Captain America stoof up, back straight and face screaminf 'i can do this all day.’ “We’ll do this together. Whatever it takes.”
But he didn’t.
So he looked at them. Because he can’t do this alone. He needs them to win this.
But they had to get back up. Because if they didn’t, who will do it?
won’t go through it.
But all he knew is that he was tired. And it didn’t really change when he arrived.
Tony looked up from whatever it is that he was pretending to read and looked up on the ceiling in order to acknowledge FRIDAY (he tried not to think of how he acquired that annoying habit. Spoiler: from Steve).
He was welcomed by Rhodey, eyes teary as they lower their weapons and welcomed Tony and the not really friendly Android. He could remember soft admonishments of idiot and stupid-geniuses and warm hugs from a friend.
“When we were in Titan. Strange said that there was only one multiverse where we won. I wanted to know if you can do… something to help me know.” Wong frowned and gave a sigh. Something that sounded like
He pressed the buttons harder than necessary.
Tony never attempted to sleep outright after that. Whenever he feels his eyes was drooping, he chugs coffee.
“Mr. Stark. I assume you have questions.”
So yes, Tony think that he can be excused when he yelled at Steve and made him leave.
Tony found comfort in her stance. She was just so sure and unflappable, she looked strong and as if no one could defeat her. And god, they could use a little strength and a little sureness because if they weren’t a little shaken.
“Tony I’m so sor-“
When he saw Steve that morning, he thought of cliffs and I love you’s and sacrifices, he never left the room so fast in his life before.
- opened his eyes and found out that he was no longer in the kitchen. He was in his lab. It was cold and sterile, completely unlike the warm atmosphere in the kitchen.
“Avengers?” The woman paused before laughing and shaking her head, and now looked less likely to blow them all up. “Nick that idiot.” She murmured fondly.
Before the woman or the Avengers decided to start a war with an unknown person (she looked like a person anyway), Tony stepped up and finally talked in front of the others for the first time.
“Together. We fight together.” He said and looked at Steve, at the Avengers. It was not forgiveness. God he’s not sure if he can ever forgive them. But they have a planet to save, a villain to vanquish and half of the population to revive. They were broken and hurt and barely holding on to the seams but Captain Marvel was right.
It was plugged in so there was no way that its battery ran out, so why is it-
But as Tony watched the soldier leave, he can feel guilt churning at his stomach as the sense of loss lingered even when the sun left.
(And even if there was death and pain ans tears in those dreams, at least Steve chose him. At least Steve loved him.)
When he arrived at the lab, he resolutely ignored everyone. He made sure to not meet everyone’s eyes and ignore everyone’s greetings. He walked towards the glass encased beeper and frowned.
But that does not mean that he relished entering the facility. Really, Tony’s starting to wonder if he was a masochist. (He’s not. But he can’t go back to the tower or the mansion because then he’ll be alone and he’ll start thinking of dust and ash and of redheads and drivers that are nowhere to be found)
But he can’t do this alone. So he paused, forced himself to stand tall and look back.
And with each question, it became more obvious that he has to talk with the Avengers. God, he hates being a super hero. Maybe it would’ve been better when he died in that dingy cave back then.
“The question is, where are you going Captain?” Rocket, the raccoon he found out, asked.
God he’s fucked up.
He hoped, always always hoped for happiness. Always dreamt of waking up with contentment at the tip of his tongue and love at his fingertips. He always dreamt of having kisses and protection, of ‘iloveyoutony’ and warmth. That was of course, until he woke up. Reality chasing away the dreams and cold nipping at his body, reminding him of what he will never have.
The engineer closed his eyes in pain and exasperation. He doesn’t really want to go down and talk to them but he knew that not going after he was asked would make him reach a whole new level of pettiness. So down he go.
“I’m afraid I can’t help you with that. The ability to see the multiverse comes with the Time Stone and seeing as its-taken, we cannot take a glimpse on what universe he’s talking about.”
But the things is, he can’t do it alone.
He didn’t bother to say anything as he left, her betrayal and accusations still fresh in his mind.
“I should call Wong.” Tony didn’t.
“Leave.” Iron Man’s voice was mechanical, it was cold and unfeeling. Completely opposite of what Tony was feeling right now.
Maybe Tony was doing this all wrong. He had to defeat Thanos. He had to bring back Peter. Because there should be a way to do it. (And if there’s not, there will be a way. Tony will make sure of it.)
“Not yet Captain. First we have to get ready. Then we fight.” Tony paused and he doesn’t want to do this He wanted to sulk and wallow in self pity and forget and dream up all of those dreams. But they were heroes.
Fuck.
But they can’t go like this. They can’t fight likes this and they know it. So Tony opens his mouth and asks;
“I said leave!” Maybe his reaction was an overreaction. Maybe the others would judge him when they found out how he treated Steve but well, the others did not experience Steve betraying him. The others did not experience someone you trust choosing someone else over you. They did not experience the people they love, scraping your heart out as they jammed open your suit and reached for the device that kept you ali-
never do.”
Steve definitely dwells on that one. “Oh.”
“Oh. Awesome,” Tony says. He grabs one of the homemade pudding cups. Through a mouthful, he says, “Dig in.”
“Christmas,” Tony blurts. Rogers furrows his eyebrows. “It’s Christmas Eve. What are you doing in a place like this?”
But when they get closer Tony furrows his eyebrows at the sight of Ty and Cross laughing, companionably talking to…
Steve bites his bottom lip. “R-Really? Because. Because if you're only doing this because you — you feel bad and wanna make it up to me — ”
“Hey, Rogers!” Caden shouts, and Rogers's eyes fly over to him (instead of on Tony where they should be—), along with nearly everyone else in the class. “I'm guessing your Friday was good? How'd this feel?”
It's almost like
Steve smiled proudly when he told Tony: “Ma put that up there. All five feet and three inches of her.”
That seems to twist Steve's expression even further. Tony mentally flails around, with his mouth running on its own.
Steve flushes a little. “Fine. Star Trek.”
from across the street. “Vision, you have any visuals?”
“Understandably!” the Parker kid exclaims. “This is — This is
Steve grumbles. Again. “I just don't see how this has done anything of what I planned it to do, considering that I don't even know the name of my date!”
Looking at his posts, Tony realizes that it's Steve's middle school account that someone (not-so-secretly Nazi-boy Schmidt) got into, and posted a bunch of pictures of Justin Bieber. Tony frowns. It's kind of weird that he still follows it.
“I've heard of FlickLove,” Bucky nods. “Steve, you should try it out.”
Somebody gasps. It's very dramatic, and Sam wishes he could properly appreciate it, but then Bucky's diving in to click the notification. Sam pulls it to his chest.
He stands, abruptly.
, you shouldn't have to be fixing our — our coffee machine, gee — ”
Well. Tony's never been one for losing a chance.
Steve shut his eyes as Tony collects the presents before they trekked to the door. Before they exited, Steve stopped Tony by the wrist. His expression was a mixture of concern and anxiety.
to get a life.
Steve flushes brighter. “Okay, okay, I get it, I'm ridiculous.”
putting those big brown eyes on me and make everything suddenly okay,
Steve's sitting there in a nice, navy blue suit with a light grey button-down and his hair is all nice, and he's… He's beautiful. He's looking over the wine list, pink bottom lip between two rows of perfectly straight and white teeth, and his foot is anxiously tapping on the ground and... And he's waiting for Tony.
Steve looks over at Tony, underneath the pile of blankets and pillows, helpless.
Tony exaggeratedly rolls his eyes before singing, “
Then the first notes of Mariah Carey's
Steve Rogers isn't laughing. His eyes are barely visible through the thick, colorful substances, but Tony can see that they're watering. He's frozen. He's in shock. This time — This time he wasn't expecting it.
He sets his coffee cup down.
“First one's a thirty-seven year old woman named Mary Briggs,” Sam says, giving them a look at the woman with her brilliant smile and large, brown eyes. “She owns a bookstore in Sleepy Hollow — ”
“How much do you like facial hair on your partners?”
Sam gapes. Bucky squeaks (
Tony shrugs into him. “Because you're my boyfriend and I like you a lot.”
on repeat?”
“Tony,” Steve says, “you don’t have to… You don’t have to give us gifts because of anything that happened in the past. I can tell you right now that all of us understand, now. Except maybe Bucky, but he just likes to be contrary.” He scrubs a hand over his face. “We don’t need impressive presents to…”
Steve laughs. “And that, even if I was still small, I’d still look…” His expression turns then, into something almost nervous. “I’d still look wonderful.”
“That doesn't mean you chose to get hit by your own father,” Steve frowns.
“Stevie and I will be drinking mimosas and making out,” Stark finishes, sliding his glasses off his face. He grins. “Happy muscle strains, meddlers.”
He's gorgeous.
Steve gnaws his bottom lip. “You — You think? I know I wasn't the best at the edgy abstract art Bucky always wanted me to make for the bakery and I'm not saying I'm any better at the sequences that we have to make for comics, but I've definitely practiced this style more and I'm confident enough in it to say it's not too cheesy or — or an overused style — not that my co-workers overuse styles — !”
“Sorry, sweetheart,” he groans, rolling underneath the dumpster as his five targets start steadily closing in on him. “We'll have to talk another time.”
“Steve,” Tony interrupts sternly. “Never apologize for being who you are. I
Tony gnaws his bottom lip. “Okay, maybe I slipped the truth a bit. It was a full midday nap, does that count, pudding pie?”
Sharon reverently runs her fingers over her device, which is already started up. “For studying.”
Tony moans. “Hap, I wish I could care, but I just met the love of my life.”
Tony’s mouth parts.
“This is…” he looks up at Rogers, whose worrying his bottom lip, “
nervous, but all of a sudden Tony cares about this Mystery Man. This is stupid.
“I’d love to,” Tony says.
Rhodey takes a step back, eyes wide.
And there Steve was, back with his dorkiness and bravery and kindness and his fucking accent, walking around clumsily like he always did, this time just six inches taller and a hundred pounds of muscle heavier.
Steve blinks.
It's always so exhilarating to see it up close.
out of here a few months before the school year ends.”
Exhaling deeply, Tony shuffles out to the living room. Steve stands at his arrival. Barnes pulls his best friend down as Tony furrows his eyebrows at the blonde. Barnes rolls his eyes as Steve covers his face with his hands.
“I’m fine, snickerdoodle, you know my sleeping habits.” He sends Rhodey a reassuring smile. “Anyway,
make that for me, sir?”
. Happy that it was the holidays, for the first time since he was seven years old and his parents decided that he old enough to open presents by himself.
Tony feels his stomach twist. His mind races.
“Rogers, it would bode well on your academia if you pay attention — I just told Mr. Stark to not interrupt my count, and you did it directly after.” Coulson taps Rogers's shoulder twice, lips twitching. “Don't do that again. Now: Rogers, Romanoff, Romero, Ronatowski — ”
He wants to be in the Normal.
“All good news, I hope?” Tony pipes, one brow arched, ignoring the coffee machine thing because he's only sucking the good out of that when Steve's around.
“ — we may or may not have created an account for you on a dating app then accepted one of your recommended partners and planned for you to have a date tomorrow evening,” Peter blurts, his words coming out in bunches, but Tony gets the message.
Sam, the baker who lives to tease Tony about his completely subtle crush, yells, “Tell our "number one customer" to buy something different for a change!”
Tony doesn't wash it off. As the weekend progresses, he lets it peel away on its own.
“And I know you never used it,” Steve finishes. He laughs hollowly. “I know that one for sure.”
Rumlow leads him behind the school, visibly vibrating with excitement. Tony has a distinct feeling that he's rolling his eyes the entire way.
“Creepy,” Bucky shudders. Nat stomps on his foot.
Tony slumps.
“Anyway,” Rogers finally says. He's still biting his bottom lip (pink, plump, weird) to hide his smile. “Are you okay? You shouldn't be out here this late, walking. Do you have a ride?”
period.
↓ Thread
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony reddens. She still has this terrifying all-knowing expression on her face. “Uh — Yeah. Yeah, it's me. A little rougher around the edges, but still me."
Tony aches to keep the look on the other boy's face. “Aw, come on. I highly doubt that the only thing your fists can do is punch people out.”
Tony swallows, wants to pretend that he didn’t hear him, but he couldn’t bear hurting him more than he’s already done. He stops next to the mailbox and turns.
“Then we have to wait for him to accept our Flicked Love,” Sam explains. Bucky squints at the use of the term ‘Flicked Love’. “After that they open a private message place where you can chat and plan out stuff, get to know each other, y'know? There we can explain to Mhmhm how much Steve's sorry, and why Mhmhm should totally fall in love with him.” Sam frowns. “Reason one being that FlickLove wills it so.”
Which… He kinda was, but that's beside the point, because
Tony's favorite enigma, who successfully turned six of Marvel High's best and brightest into “The Infected”.
This has got to be the best day of Tony's life.
Hammer straightens. “He has this picture of him — ”
And he has really red cheeks.
“Hours?” he repeated. Paul smiled while Sarah rolled her eyes.
“Because this person has a famous status,” Vision backs up. “And you of all people know how that can influence a first meeting.”
They all looked away as quickly as they looked over. It takes a moment, but Lang eventually says, “Sucks.”
One more year.
Steve blinked. “Wait, what?”
That —
When they reach him, Thor had already gotten there, too. He rips the banner from the ceiling in one pull, a few people booing. Romanoff is briskly wiping the paint from Rogers's face and Wilson and Lang are grabbing Rogers's stuff. Thor pushes through the crowds, clearing a path for them; they follow him, all of them around a stumbling Rogers.
Bucky looks at him, curious. “Did you guys have ‘a fun time’?”
Steve's smiling lightly at the screen, leaning against Wilson like the other guy is a part of the couch. Tony feels his chest tighten.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam huffs. “Because how many times has Steve
“Hap, ignore what I just said to Pepper and take me to the nearest place that sells extreme amounts of caffeine,” Tony orders, sliding his sunglasses on.
“Anthony,” Howard says, no emotion in his tone as Tony enters his study. He's facing the window, and Tony's sent back to when Howard sat with a ten-year-old Tony down and told him that since Tony kept making the designs of guns and weapons that he had, he would be very proud to be his father, and then gave Tony a shot of whiskey.
Tony clears his throat. “Uh — I...”
“Hope you weren't talking about me,” he teases. Steve turns bright red and Sarah gives a bright laugh, reaching out to lightly punch Tony's shoulder.
“Tony,” Steve says again, and there’s a burning hope in his eyes.
“You're not as bad as you always tried to appear to be,” she tells him blatantly. “I knew that. Steve definitely knew that.”
Hammer's making this weird expression, making his unattractive face look worse. “But, true. That Romanoff whore needs to learn a lesson or two.”
Tony's arms are wrapped comfortably around Steve's torso, face smushed to Steve's chest. “Hug me,” he speaks, muffled, into Steve.
, I’m used to.”
“That’s what I came to tell you,” Howard says, draining the rest of his tumbler then sitting in his chair. He grins at Tony, and Tony arches an eyebrow. “There actually isn't.”
Bucky narrows his eyes. “So are you saying…”
Sam's frowning. “He's a — an — ”
“You got the engineering and science geeks perfectly,” Steve murmurs, though his eyes are wide as he stares at Scott’s and Bruce’s gifts.
. The most amazing, brilliant, gorgeous, generous man I've ever met, and I'm just — ”
“It will be,” Steve says, tone still shy but enthusiastic, as well. Tony can't help but smile wider. Steve returns it, a goofy spread of his lips. Tony's cheeks start hurting.
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky hums. “When all of this blows up in our faces, make sure to tell Steve and Stark that they were the ones who made the first move.”
But Tony just sits back, and watches Steve Rogers (like he always does) get pulverised with insults because he doesn't follow the goddamn rules.
.” Steve looks at Tony. Tony gets the message.
Peter huffs, but he's smiling and he isn't flushed like he was earlier so Tony counts it as a win.
"Hey, what? No. You have nothing to be sorry for, Steve. You can't control how your brain responds to triggers. And we'd just crashed a car – which I should really be apologizing for. Not exactly a non-stressful situation."
down – of course he didn't ask me out. I
“Well aren’t you just the sweetest thing,” she says, leaning down towards him and brushing her fingers against his arm. “Nice guy like you, all alone in a place like this.”
They're just friends, and he keeps telling Bucky that, but that doesn't mean he doesn't notice how handsome Tony is, how funny and smart and acerbic, how brilliant and good-hearted and what a great dad. He can't
. He should have seen it when Tony had brought Rhodey in for coffee that day, because Rhodey's a good looking guy and
at having a coffee shop right next door, and they tell him how convenient it is, and they're going to tell all their friends how great this place is.
"Right," Tony agrees. "Anyway, apparently telling us about the illusion was enough to shatter it. So, here we are."
"Wow, I sure am glad I fought against the entire United Nations to keep you by my side, Buck," Steve says, deadpan.
Tony leans down and kisses Casey's forehead, then leads Steve out of the room. They hang back in the hallway for a moment, watching Casey's breaths deepen and lengthen.
"Loki was not in his right mind then," Thor said. "I trust him with this."
Tony is sitting on the edge of a chair in the living room, the first room in the penthouse suite inside the door. He looks gaunt, white, and sick. His eyes are rimmed with red, wet with unshed tears.
"Oh, shit, Steve, I shouldn't – oh, god, you're hurt, shit, I'll –" he moves to get up off Steve's lap, but Steve's hands grasp at his hips, holding Tony there.
“Maybe I’m not just interested in being your tool,” Steve says. “Think I’m dealing with enough of that already, thanks.” He folds his arms over his chest and stares, hard and unyielding.
"He's unconscious," Shuri informs them. "And before you freak out, that's a good thing. Look." She points to the second screen which is showing a scan of Vision's brain, and his neural activity in real time.
"This is better," Tony tells him, not slowing his strides. They'll be inside soon, and then it will be cooler.
He wonders, briefly, if Casey would have grown up to be like him, then he shuts the thought down immediately. It seems impossible, that he could have met that beautiful little boy, could have known that deep-down, unconditional love for him, and have it taken away like Casey had never existed at all.
Once his breathing and heart rate make it back to normal, he turns off the water and reaches out for one of the big, fluffy white towels. Dries himself off, then looks sadly down at his pants and underwear.
“He didn’t think you had,” Stark says, shoulders stiffening fractionally. “But he wanted to bring your body home. He figured you deserved that much. You’re welcome, by the way. You know, for finding you.”
"I also brought you a cannoli."
The reply had come only moments later. As though Steve had been keeping his phone charged and on his person at all times, too.
“Sir, Captain Rogers is outside the workshop. He seems hesitant to request access.”  Tony’s heart leaps and then plummets, adding to the roller coaster of  feelings he’s already got riding around his stomach.
you on the same day, and I didn't think I could survive it."
He turns to look back at Casey's school, and he doesn't have to fake the wide grin that graces his face when Casey bursts out the school doors, running toward him and happily shouting about all the cool things they'd done today in class.
"Nice to meet you," she says politely and shakes his hand with a firm grip.
"Nah, see, that's what you think. There's no doubt in the room when you're going out of your way to turn up the charisma and the charm. When you're making a point of
"Is that so?" Steve hums. "Well, Miss Natasha is very nice."
"Don't mind him. His partner in crime isn't here today, so he's just acting out. I'm not keeping him busy enough, apparently."
"Miss Natasha used to fight bad guys," Casey tells him. "Did you know that?"
Stark’s eyes flash with something fierce and delighted. “Now that sounds like a challenge.”
"No, Tony, you can't just 'not,'" Pepper tells him with extraordinary patience. "This is a huge R&D project for us and the clean energy initiative, and it's going to be an incredible benefit if this partnership works out. They need you, and they need your brain. It has to be you Tony, and he's flying out tomorrow."
of regrets. Steve is grimy, sweaty, and, he thinks, covered in grease when he hears the chime of the door out front. He's got his head buried in the oven, and as much as he's losing the battle with appliance repair, he doesn't want to get up and deal with the front counter. However, he hears the chime another three times, and he knows he's got to go help Evan, their newest hire from the veterans employment program. Sam's hanging out in the kitchen with Steve, handing him tools, but he doesn't know anything about fixing defunct ovens. Sam has also been scouring Youtube for help, to no avail.
. We did it for
“Yeah, but I didn’t think you’d actually come,” James tells him. “The kids-”
Steve closes his eyes. “Natasha is… you heard what, uh, what Bucky said about her?”
Tony purses his lips; he
“Yeah, he went to Europe after we broke up for the last time, you know, back at MIT. The next thing that I know is I’m getting an email from his solicitors telling me that he overdosed in Basel, and he named his sole beneficiary.”
Tony huffs. “No, it’s not fucking true. While I would be a great honeypot, there’s no fucking way I would ever bring kids into that sort of life. We’re not living in
“Very well, sir.
Tony takes cover behind the chest and fires a return volley low, while Steve kicks at the throttle, convinced that it’s jammed.
Tony wraps his arms around himself.
feel? To see you like that, to see you so happy with this guy, to be so happy when he fucking touched you. God, I just wanted to-”
“-I went to sleep in the guest room. The next morning, I woke up and I wanted to get back to our room before the kids got up, so they wouldn’t realise what was going on or that I’d slept in another bedroom, but Maushmi, our daughter, she caught me on the way back, and she was upset. And then, she told Peter, who was also upset, and they followed me back to our bedroom, and she was really, uh, upset that her Daddy was alone that night, and she promised her Daddy that it wouldn’t happen again.”
Steve considers him. “That’s what you think? That you were this… innocent little victim, and I screwed you over to get my dick in you?” he asks, incredulously, his voice thin with his own hurt.
“I was falling in love with you.”
“Do you like wearing the suit?”
First, their sex life dwindles. It dwindles slowly, even before Tony even knows what’s happening, and it isn’t even his fault. You know, you hear a lot on TV about
Dr. Bruce Banner is standing there, and Tony actually likes him, because he doesn’t treat him like a child, never patronising.
Natasha looks down at Maushmi, her entire face soft. “He had to work. I’m so sorry. But he sent me with the food you two like to eat? How does that sound?” she asks, her voice brimming with excitement.
Tony scowls, but then, the door comes away under James’ ministrations, and it swings open.
“She’s got a rap sheet. I’ve had a look at it,” Howard says, casually. “Shoplifting, theft, vandalism, underage drinking, assault, possession of marijuana, a few traffic violations, truancy, criminal trespass, criminal nuisance, possession of a weapon, resisting an officer, reckless endangerment. She should be in juvie. I’d bet a pretty penny on the fact that the reason why she’s
“My brother has gone hunting, but I know that he will be a most attentive bond mate to you when he returns,” Grant tells him.
“I see you’re breaking in the candidates. That’s good.” He turns to Hodge, unimpressed. “You. Get over there in that line and stand at attention until somebody tells you what to do.”
This time, though, James intervenes before he can lead to that.
And then, Steve is forcing him to back up, back up until his back hits the wall. One of his hands cradle his face, smoothing a thumb over his high cheekbone, while the other pulls the strap down as far as Tony’s breastbone. And then, he pushes down the other.
“I know, kid. I wish things were different,” Steve says, his face still crumpled.
“Yeah, we.”
Steve grinds his teeth, visibly. “Yes, sir, I do.”
Warnings for this Chapter: Major Character Death.
Tony wags his fingers.
“Yes, he looked at the first one, which has that fourth figure scribbled out, and he thought that people wouldn’t like it, so he decided to draw another one, but he still kept the fourth figure apart from the rest.”
Steve manages to crack a smile. “That’s Wanda for you,” he muses.
“You’re sure you don’t want us to get the doctor?” Sam offers, his voice unbearably gentle.
“You just got home, Steve,” Tony points out.
Steve turns, abandoning the pot just for a moment. His face trembles, before he gets a hold of it. “You remember?”
He settles back against the pillow.
Tony’s standing in front of him before he even knows what’s happening, his fist in the front of Loki’s armour.
more mine, I can promise you that.”
, you know? I didn’t think you’d be like that with Bucky too.”
, there’s the book fair, and Appa’s gonna come and buy us all the books, and then, Appa’s going to take us for ice cream, aren’t you, Appa?” he looks at Tony, expectantly.
“Oh, well, you know me, if I have some trashy magazines at my disposal, I’m all ears.” Tony pauses. “Why are you here, Cap?”
Tony, though, is more like his sire than he would like to admit, and he has always preferred machine to man.
Tony’s finger slides in with some resistance, and he guesses it’s because it’s been a while since James has had anything up here, but finally, he manages to get in two fingers down to the knuckle, his thumb finding his perineum and rubbing. He presses a soft, damp kiss to the small of James’ back, as he pushes in a third finger, scissoring to give him much room, and on the next thrust, he catches James’ prostate, which results in a full-body shudder from James right down to his toes, as he pushes his fingers back.
Tony’s mouth turns down at the corners, because, yes, that would ruin his plans.
“Tony,” Steve snaps.
Steve watches Tony closely as he drains his glass and puts it down. “Did I ever say I was sorry I burned down your bar?”
He wonders if his father thought he had an easy life – knowing the man, knowing how perpetually disappointed he was with everything, with Tony, with his mother, with his life and everyone and everything around him,
Tony wishes that the shame would swallow him whole.
“Ah, well, I brought Chinese food, because your Daddy told me that you guys really like Chinese food,” Natasha says, conspiratorially.
“-doesn’t remember you,” Eshe finishes for him, gently.
They stay like that for a few moments, and Tony is blissfully warm, blissfully satisfied, and James feels completely solid around him, his fingers dragging back and forth over the slope of his hip.
“You would know,” Loki drawls and then, chokes, when Tony slams him back against the wall, his palm open against Loki’s throat and pressing down hard.
“Keep it in your pants, handsome, or you’ll come and I can’t be fucked waiting for you to get hard again. Come on.”
Tony frowns. “The Syamantaka Gem? Wait, that’s the… isn’t that why Krishna married Satyabhama?”
“This is Natasha,” Tony says, simply, coming around the table so that he can sit with them. “She works with your Daddy.”
Natasha shrugs. “You’re my friend’s husband. I’m your husband’s friend. That seems reason enough,” she offers.
The twins nod.
best friend, whom he loves, possibly more than just a friend.
“I can’t believe that’s all you think that our relationship was,” James says, practically vibrating.
“You have no idea how to talk to an omega, do you?”
“Just wait,” James soothes. “I remember, okay? I remember how much shit we got back then, when we were young. They used to call us fags and beat the shit out of us, but we were brave, and we stood up to them. Pete
“Oh, please,” Tony says, scathingly, “we’re good enough to marry now, and have kids with, and you don’t keep us in huts off your property and force us to raise your bastards alone because God forbid your pretty little white wife finds out, but you can’t resist having hot curry available for you, whenever you want, don’t you?”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” he demands. Steve startles and stares at him.
He leans over, scrambling to get the drawer to the bedside table open, fishing inside for the little tube of lubricant, which he pulls out. He opens the cap, squeezing out a little onto his fingers.
“I don’t want a divorce, Tony,” Steve tells him.
Steve pulls out of him with a punched-out groan, falling back against the mattress, breathing hard and heavy, slinging his arm over his face, as he finds it hard to get his lungs to function.
“Ah,” Tony drags out, “Dr. Erskine came to me, well, he came to my father, actually. He spoke of what his plans with the procedure, said that he couldn’t do it on his own, that the science would only get him so far, and that he needed a machine to be built. Well, not just one, but many machines, for the procedure to work. I’m the only one who can make those machines, so I made them, with the agreement that I would be involved in the process. I was… curious, I suppose, and I’ve lived a very… orthodox, unadventurous life. Just… luncheons and parties and balls and smiling pretty at alphas so that I can land a good bonding,” he says, a bitter note to his voice. “My life was not what I wanted it to be; it lacked purpose and value, so I changed it.”
This is better, though.
Steve stares at him for a moment, his face wan and swollen, like he wants to cry, like his heart is thundering so hard in his chest to the point of pain, and Tony can even see the threat of tears his eyes.
“Tony, I’m right here,” she rebukes, looking over her shoulder. “Why are you shouting? Oh, hello, Steve, how are you doing?” she says, sympathy soft in her voice.
way, now, makes him even more like a brother.
"Barton, you're going down!" Bucky yells as he pulls some impressive dive roll while firing.
They have been through so much, he and Tony. More than anyone can reasonably be expected to go through with a friend, and come out whole on the other side.
“Oookay then,” Stark says, watching him go before wandering into the room further and glancing around. His fingers never stop moving, running along the back of the couch, snapping and clicking. Even when he’s standing still he gives the appearance of movement, the impression of kinetic energy, and his eyes are constantly calculating. Not in what Steve would call an unsavoury way, just in a way that looks like he’s taking everything in at a speed faster than anyone else in the room. He doesn’t say anything at first, so Steve is the one to break the silence that’s settling between them.
The first two goons, who come at him from a doorway in the dark hall, he dispatches easily. A block, a dodge, a couple of swift punches, and they're both down, neither of them moving any time soon.
"Tony, wait. You don't have to – I mean, it's fine. You don't have to do this."
Before it's too late.
“Yeah, that’s me. What can I do for you?” He tries for casual but he falls short. He’s hoping that maybe Steve won’t notice.
"But– " she starts.
"Worth it to get a few hours with you," Tony shrugs.
"Ah. Right. That one," Steve sighs and glares across the shop at Clint, who proceeds to stick his tongue out at Steve. "Though, there are days. But you're not here to listen to me complain about my obnoxious co-workers. What's up?"
Bucky had snapped when he found out. Talk about one hell of a trigger for him. Thank god Sam had been there to step in and take him aside.
"Thor could take him offworld," Bruce suggested.
Tony waves him, but his voice is a little calmer. "Different. I'm his dad, he's allowed my kinds of ridiculous."
Steve's eyes swing toward Rhodey, and his face… tightens? But then he's smiling again, pulling out a couple of Clint's cannolis and placing each of them on its own plate, with a little paper doily. The plates are mismatched, which Tony thinks just adds to their charm – even if Steve claims it was never intentional, and the problem is that Clint and Bucky can't go a day without breaking at least three plates, so they've ended up with several incomplete sets.
Steve reaches for it, but it's too far away. Tony grins wickedly up at him, pushing Steve off and to the side and following straight after so that Steve is lying on his back now, with Tony straddling his hips.
The bed directly beside him contains Natasha, but she's already sitting up, looking around wildly.
Casey is... he's amazing. There's no other way that Steve can really describe it. He adores that child, with his messy black-brown hair and his dark eyes that shine with curiosity and intelligence. On the cool autumn days, Casey drinks his hot chocolate and nibbles on a cookie. Casey thinks Clint makes the
Once, Steve had told Tony he wasn't the type to make the sacrifice play, that he was the type to stand back and wait for the glory of the win. He'd never been so wrong about another person.
"You can't," Vision said, taking her hands gently in his. "Wanda, it's too important that you stay here."
been flirting with him. He'd just been being nice, because that's his
Tony leans down to take Steve into his mouth once more, the bitter salty taste exploding over his tongue. He licks at the head, sucks at the slit, softens his lips and pushes down to fit as much into his mouth as he can.
As though he thinks Rhodey and Tony are… a 'Rhodey and Tony'.
+++++
“Isn’t it like, 2 am where you are, Rogers?” Bucky asks, squinting at the screen.
Strange's voice is quiet, but it cuts through the arguing and tension in the room with ease.
Steve is honestly overwhelmed at how thoughtful and conscientious Casey is. Tony really is an incredible dad, to have raised such an amazing kid. Steve hopes one day he'll be able to tell Tony that without the words getting stuck in his throat.
"Raspberry tea, please."
? Of all the asinine things he could have done…
Rhodey says nothing.
am this oblivious."
they get through this – he'll do something about it. Besides, it's not like he could lose more than he already has.
Tony waves him off with a free hand. "You're an exception. I even admitted I was wrong!"
Is it fine?
"Oh, shut up," Steve says, but it's without any heat.
Stark’s eyes narrow. “Howard said a lot about you. But he never mentioned you were such a dick.”
They don't have their own website, but they do have a Facebook page. Tony browses it – mostly, it's photos of coffee and pastries. The latte art is impressive – Tony's not sure he's ever seen such skill. Every few days, there's a ridiculous meme about coffee, or some sort of pun, and it makes Tony want to grind his teeth.
Rhodey is at his side, arms folded over his chest. Strange's expression shifts in a way that Tony recognises as someone trying to work through a problem with a lot of unknown variables.
"We're on our way," Bucky had said, then turned to Steve.
But it can't be true. She knows, at the same time, that she
Tony swallows hard. This is it, then. The moment he's lost countless hours worrying about. Preparing for. Everything they'd done since the day they'd hit the streets of New York together have been building to this. Earth's mightiest heroes. Her last defenders. He hopes like hell they're enough, because they're all there is.
Tony heats up the shower and then slips into it, grateful for the warm, high-pressure shower head. It's one of those rain showers, much like his own at home, so hot droplets of water cascade over his head and shoulders from above.
"Fuck," Clint breathes.
Rhodey continues to say nothing, aggressively.
"Tony," Tony corrects her automatically, as he has done every day since she started working for him. "Did you guys have a good day?"
"Home and shower?" Tony asks, waggling his eyebrows at Steve once they'd let the police and the officials take over and do their thing.
The third finger is a bit much at first, but Steve eases it in carefully, giving Tony lots of time to adjust. Ordinarily, Tony doesn't think he'd need the third finger, but it's been so long since he's been with a man, and Steve's cock really is on the large side.
"Light of my life," Tony says in reply, blushing a little even as he says it. "The coffee, I mean." Clint wants to strangle them both.
Tony stops, blinks at him, and stares. "What?"
"Yes, we do," she agrees.
"Right about what?" Natasha asks.
"You two are always like that with each other, even when we were still deployed." Steve hops up on the counter and waits a moment for his brain to reset. "I'm... wow. I'm really happy for you both. Really. That's amazing. I'm just also very
Except he hadn't noticed anything, dammit, and there's nothing to notice.
"All of you! God, Earth's mightiest heroes my
'unzip your pants and let me suck your dick right here'. He's on a
Steve stares at him in disbelief through the display. “Do… you have a countdown to when I’m back?” he asks.
"Was not," he objects.
Steve bursts out laughing, and hearing it in person is just so much nicer than hearing it over the phone.
He'll admit to himself that he'd thought Tony was a good-looking guy. He'll even admit to himself that he'd been thinking more about Tony's rear than he should have.
you to come alone," says the woman. "I said
"It's not like that," Steve protests again even though it falls on deaf ears. "Besides, we're insanely busy right now with the new store. I barely have time to think, let alone worry about a crush. Which, by the way, does not exist."
He doesn't have a sister.
"You do?" Clint and Bucky ask simultaneously. Clint sits up and stares over at her in anticipation. Seriously, if she has an honest-to-god solution for this mutual pining shit show that they're all living through, Clint might very well just kiss her. Surely Bucky would understand.
Their fight comes to a sudden and startling halt as the room is suddenly filled with a fully decked out TAC team, weapons raised, shouting for everyone to get on the ground. Predictably, both HYDRA and the club crew try and flee towards the back of the building, but don’t make it farther than ten feet before they’re surrounded by the second half of the TAC team. One of the HYDRA goons tries to go for his weapons, but his hand barely has a chance to twitch before he’s roughly thrown the to ground, his head hitting with a crack and his shoulder dislocating when he tries to struggle. The rest put up far less of a fight.
"Not – it's good. For both of you, probably. I just mean… how is it? How… do you make it make sense?"
“Snoopy?” Tony said as he started climbing out the window. “They went full 1950’s dad-with-a-shotgun on me and demanded to know what my intentions were towards you!” Honestly, it had been excruciating. And he was pretty sure that a wrong answer would mean him waking up in the middle of the night with one of them standing over him threateningly. No, thank you. Best to avoid them all until they got bored and moved on. Or let Steve talk to them. Yeah, Steve could deal with it. It had been his idea, after all.
"Okay, well, Steve, full disclosure, then; I'm not exactly a 'boxers' kinda guy." With one more smirk, Tony swiftly undoes his pants and lets them drop to the floor beside the bed.
were dumb, but we at least got our shit together," Clint says. "That's saying something, Rogers."
He doesn't look
"Go call him, Tony," Steve encourages. "Now. You'll feel better."
She's scared.
Steve stared at him for a long moment. "Tony. You're
He doesn't sleep. Steve doesn't know how long it's been since he last slept, but he can usually get through a couple of days on fumes when he really has to. Bucky sends him a text message a few hours into his vigil, to let him know Natasha's leg isn't broken and Clint is awake, already looking to carry the injured Wakandan warriors back to their homes, two broken arms or not.
"Whatever helps you sleep at night, Tones."
"Yeah, fire me, I dare you, we'll see how long it takes Congress to get all up your ass," Rhodey mutters.
"Don't knock it, it looks warm. And they probably have a phone."
"Really?" Steve asks, turning back to Tony.
"Get something to eat, maybe a shower and a real nap," Rhodey says to him as Steve leaves the room. "We'll keep an eye on him. If anything happens, I'll call you."
"You're allowed to mourn that kid," Sam tells him, sitting up and leaning forward. "And when Tony wakes up, he's gonna mourn that kid, too."
you should have called after your house got blown up and fell off a cliff.”
"Look, the reality was built around Vision, right? He was the literal centre of the universe." By this point, everyone in the room is staring at Strange, waiting. "If we had been able to deconstruct the reality properly, and bring you back as intended, it would have been okay. But because the reality was so sharply shattered, there is a very good chance that some kind of magical kickback would have impacted Vision."
"Uh...." Steve isn't quite sure what to say, but Casey doesn't seem to mind.
He explains the situation, tells Evan he can lock up until someone else comes in to help. Evan nods and goes back to work, so Steve heads back to Bucky, who's just finishing up on the phone with Clint.
"I know, isn't she great?" Clint beams up at Nat, and she reaches over and ruffles his hair. "But seriously, Bucky. Enough is enough. We need to tell Steve to get his head out of his ass and do something." It's honestly painful to watch, and seriously, Clint has had enough. He just wants Steve to be happy, and seeing Steve with Tony and with Casey is the happiest Clint has seen him in longer than he can remember.
"It's okay, Peter," Steve says, taking pity on him. He instantly understands why Tony likes this young man. He's a good kid, sharp and smart, and he talks a mile a minute.
"She... died. When Casey was born," Tony whispers into the night.
need to think about what Stark and Rogers do in their spare time.”
"Wait, you really are serious," Tony says. "You really were scrawny as a kid?"
"Well then, I better get you set up in a room for the night. You're not making it back there tonight."
"I… the what?"
"You already have quite a reputation in the neighbourhood," Clint adds solemnly, and Steve just wants him to stop now, before he says anything too embarrassing and Steve has to kill him. Tony's companion studies Clint intently, eyeing him in a way that seems like she's assessing him inside and out for a brief but intense moment. Then she smiles brightly at him, and moves to stand beside him. They begin speaking in low tones, and Steve wants to pay attention but he's distracted by Tony at just that moment.
as perfect as Steve thought it always looked under Tony's clothing. But now, he has first hand knowledge of the flawless skin, the perfect dimples the – oh,
"Food first," Tony agrees, taking his seat on the other side of the table, and they both dig in eagerly.
It's Steve.
should have called when you gave you address to a terrorist.
"Or something."
"You mean too wrapped up in staring at Tony Stark," Bucky grins, prodding Steve in the ribs with his elbow.
But he couldn't bring himself to call. He'd wanted his first call to Steve to be… something else. An apology – from either of them, from both of them. A reconciliation. Something. Not an actual end-of-the-world call. He didn't want this to be the first time he and Steve spoke after Siberia. Instead, Tony had sent a text.
Tony turns his head and shoves it into the pillow next to him, wishing, for once, that he could just shut his damned brain off. Or shut his feelings off. Or possibly both. Both would be nice.
The woman stirs, finally, but neither Bucky nor Natasha move. They simply watch for a moment as the woman lifts her head. Lanky hair hangs in her face, and it takes her a long time to blink her eyes clear.
“Roger,” Steve laughs softly. Tony’s stomach does a little flip. Doesn’t matter that they’ve been together for a while now, long enough to settle into a comfortable rhythm with each other. Steve’s smile and Steve’s laugh still make the butterflies in his stomach do their best impression of a cyclone.
"No," Wanda said, voice tense. "Not without me."
“He is reading about himself. He asked me for relevant information about Steven Grant Rogers, and Captain America,” JARVIS informs him.
"We're fine, just banged up," Tony protests, waving the kind stranger off.
"Seriously, Tones. I'm proud of you. You deserve to be happy."
"Your idea of compromise is you getting your way and us moving?" Steve says flatly. Tony waves him off and pushes on.
“Well,” Stark says slowly, eyeing him warily.. “That’s kind of up to you, Capsicle. I mean, SHIELD has made it pretty clear they want to keep you.”
"Yeah. I didn't agree to this. I want a refund," Tony says.
"Wow," Rhodey says after a long moment. "That was… weird."
Bucky nods. "Yeah, Grade A, very dark, exactly what you're looking for."
To see this chapter’s illustration by acachette,
"Me? It sounds like you or Clint knows a lot more about this than I do."
"No, that's – it's not that, it's that the neighbourhood isn't, you know, a good fit for you."
Rhodey grabs hold of Tony's forearm, stopping their progress again. He tugs until Tony is facing him, and Tony wants to look away because they're about to have one of their 'feelings' moments and Tony's already feeling awkward and uncomfortable.
"We don't take orders from
“Of course you’re right,” Steve agrees. “This is your area. But  you always tell me how terrible I am undercover.”
Bucky shrugs. "We've all got baggage, Tony. We've all got issues."
– then Steve's hand is covering Tony's own, adding pressure and the touch of a foreign hand and Tony can feel it washing over him, like a high wave. An instant of stillness as everything comes into pinpoint focus, and then an explosion of pleasure as he comes, spurting over their joined hands, over Steve's belly and chest.
"The first 24 hours will be critical," Strange answers. "The ideal scenario is that he will wake up within that time frame. The longer he stays unconscious, the less likely it is that he'll wake up at all."
Tony sighs and sinks back into the sofa, sipping at the cup of coffee he had picked up from Brewed Awakening on his way home from the office. He'd been looking forward to getting home to cuddle with Casey for a while, but he'd returned to a note from Natasha saying she'd taken him to the park for a bit before dinner. Tony knows they'll be home soon, but he still can't help but miss his son.
He pushes in farther as soon as he feels Tony relax, and Tony moans at the intrusion.
While Tony takes small sips of his coffee and nibbles at the sweet cannoli, Steve slips back under the covers on his side of the bed, picking up his tablet and his own cup of coffee from the bedside table.
“And so you’re choosing to watch us train?
"Hey! I have not," Steve protests.
"Mr. Stark? Tony?" Julie says, regaining his attention. She's looking at him bemusedly, and Tony realizes he hasn't responded.
Tony can only grind on Steve's lap for so long, he thinks, before he loses his mind. He reluctantly pulls his tongue back out of Steve's mouth and moves to stand.
"Go," Bucky tells him. "I'll cover you, then I'll go bail Sam out."
Tony nods in agreement. "You sure you don't mind?"
"Do you – do you mind if I stick around? I'll stay out of your way, I won't say a word!"
What followed was one of the worst weeks of his life, and given his history, that was saying something.
, and he would grind his hard cock down against Tony's, slide his body against Tony's like silk over steel.
They manage the last few steps, and Shuri is there ready for them. They help Vision up onto some kind of exam table and Shuri sets about setting up a bunch of equipment more advanced than anything Tony has seen. She sets to work, throwing up some of the scans that they'd previously taken of Vision and pulled from Tony's servers, and displays it up on one of the screens beside the bed.
Steve thinks back to the conversation he and Tony had had that night in Syracuse, in the hotel by the side of the road. When Tony had told him about Rumiko, about how important to him Casey was, how he was the only thing in Tony's world for a long time.
"Alright, yeah, that sounds good."
"Yes?" Bruce says, blinking at him, and then eyes widening with the same high speed thought Tony was working on. "The energy signature won't be exactly the same, but we should be able to make it work. I mean, we still have all that data from the scepter tests."
“Their labs and workshops, they weren’t like this,” Steve says at last, turning his focus to Tony. “They weren’t… inviting.”
"I'm just going to call Rhodey and see where he's at. He's gonna get us home. And I'll see how the tow truck is coming."
"Excuse me?" Tony says, horrified realisation dawning across his face. "What do you mean we're not getting back there tonight?"
"Well bully for them," Tony says.
"Yeah, I am. I promise, we're both okay."
“I am serious,” Stark calls over his shoulder as he heads for the spare equipment along the wall. “Unless you think you can’t keep up, old man.”
be his.
She thinks Bucky might have learned it in the middle east, during his time overseas. A necessary education in survival.
“And don’t you forget it.” But Steve is right, and they both know it. Even though it means arrows flying through the house, or someone always drinking the last of his coffee, or the fact that having enough issues under one roof they could have their own subscription series is occasionally a recipe for a meltdown disaster, he wouldn’t trade it for the world. For a fleeting moment, he thinks about how Howard would have reacted to any kind of tag in the house, or how Clint’s father would have reacted, (even worse than Howard, he knows.) The thought stirs some lingering resentment deep inside him — present, but nowhere near as powerful these days.
Tony shivers at the desire in Steve's voice, shifting up on his knees so he can push his shorts down.
," spat Rocket, the talking raccoon, which Tony was very much doing his best not to think too hard about.
"It's coffee," Steve responds flatly.
"Shit, we have to run," Tony says quickly glancing at the time. Steve will have to talk to Tony about Natasha another time then – maybe after he figures out what's set Bucky off. "Thanks, as always, Steve. See you soon." He waves, and heads for the door at a quick clip.
"Not well," one of her friends laments.
, it doesn't make any sense! They sent you all here to protect the stone, why did they think you'd have time to raise a pretend kid?"
. He can't hire just anyone. He needs to make sure Casey is in
. Steve hauls the boy into his arms, holding him tight and reveling in the feel of Casey in his arms.
Tony keeps that eye contact, trying to project the maelstrom of feelings – happiness, joy, love, desire, relief, gratitude – as he slowly sinks down, bringing Steve into his body.
"Okay. So where'd you meet Sam then? You didn't serve with him right?"
It's mid afternoon the following day, and Steve is absently wiping down the counter. Clint has a batch of cranberry white chocolate cookies in the oven, and they smell amazing. Casey would love them, Steve thinks sadly to himself. Too bad that Casey probably won't be in to try one. Maybe he can get Natasha to bring him one, so at least he can still enjoy 'the best cookies in the world.'
"Sure," Rhodey says, smiling smugly. "Whatever you need to tell yourself."
It's only Rhodey subtly placing his hand on the back of Tony's elbow that keeps him from punching Strange in the face.
He pushes the unfairness of it – Tony'd gotten a great eyeful of Steve's body, and Tony's not even
"Isn't Stark Resilient just up the street?"
Howard, a father. Steve shakes his head. He can’t picture it. He can’t picture Howard settling down into domesticity, marrying and raising a child. But, then again, people change. Things change. Evidently.
"Mr. Stark – I. We're sorry, we didn't–"
At least, romance with the right person.
and –" Steve cuts himself off before he can get overwhelmed again. His emotional state has improved since earlier in the week, but he's still feeling a little fragile around the edges, and he's still not sleeping too well.
He feels even bigger than he looks, and Tony's legs are trembling by the time he makes it all the way down, gets Steve's cock seated all the way inside him.
"–and all of a sudden, it's half sentient and self replicating. Somehow."
"Mr. Stark. How lovely of you to stop by again," Steve says, pleasant and nonchalant. Tony would absolutely love to wipe that stupid smile off his stupid face, preferably with his own face, but he's got bigger problems to deal with.
“You learn fast,” Tony comments with approval. “Which is good. Because I definitely understand why you used to get beat up all the time.”
stupid little coffee shops with his two also-broken-down-vet best friends. A lot of people are well out of Steve's league, and he thinks Tony might be at the very top of the pyramid. Even if he's
Hunka-Stevie – Steve, Tony reminds himself, because he is observant and paying attention to more than the man's pecs as he reaches around to his back to deal with the apron – walks out from around the display case full of pastries and motions for Tony to follow him. Tony really does not want to follow him because if there's one thing he knows, it's the value of a strong negotiating position. On the other hand, this is giving him a chance to get a look at Steve's ass and that's an opportunity Tony is glad not to miss.
Where is
"Didn't you just say you drink a lot of coffee?" Rogers' face is starting to switch from the angry self-righteousness of earlier to mild amusement.
“So, what now?” Steve asks, feeling far more vulnerable than he’d like.
"No, see, that wasn't 'nice to you', Tony, that was 'doesn't want to be here'. If he was being nice to you because he felt obligated, he'd have stuck around to be nice to you. So what'd you do?"
They make it as far as Syracuse before the storm gets really bad. The temperature drops rapidly, and all the snow that had hit the road and melted has re-frozen. Steve sends a text to Natasha letting her know that they might be a little later than expected as Tony slows down on the interstate, but they press on. Tony's anxiety is palpable, not only because of the weather, but because he just wants to get home to Casey. Or at least, that's what Steve is assuming. They talk a lot less than they did on the way up, Tony focused on the road as he is.
," Steve argues. "Because they won't even know we're
"Great. 8 pm. Our place. I'll get a reservation."
Tony rolls his eyes. Really, with this? "Me and Rhodey? No. That's… that's a hard no. Rhodey is very much interested in the womenfolk," he says. "The menfolk, not so much. I mean, I'll take anything that walks by and winks at me…"
"Okay…" he says slowly. A moment later, another green splat appears on a car parked out on the street. And then another. Tony very deliberately sets down his fork, and pats at the corner of his mouth with a napkin. "I am going to pretend that I did not just see that. If you love me at all, you’ll do the same."
Strange sighs, and looks a little defeated. "I don't know."
Steve laughs, relief and joy and love filling him, and leans down to kiss Tony again. This time, Tony kisses him back with his whole heart.
"So I don't know how you feel, I really don't, but I need you to know how
+++++
"I rescheduled it. I missed you," Tony tells him, and Steve leans in for slow kiss.
+++++
"Daddy, I was
He hobbles down the corridor after the chickenshit goon, and there's a door open at the end of the hall. He wonders if that's where Casey is, if the bastard had disappeared into that room, and then –
Tony shrugs. "See, I told you, he has to be nice to me."
Tony tilts his head slightly to the side. "Do you still know how to make a good cup of coffee? I feel like this might be a dealbreaker in our relationship."
Sam's probably right. Steve wants him to be wrong, but as much as Steve thinks he's come to the right decision about telling Tony how he feels, there are other priorities when Tony wakes up. Laying the burden of his feelings on Tony's shoulders isn't fair to him, not when he's already reeling from the loss of Casey. And Steve knows that, as much pain as he's feeling about that loss, Tony's is exponentially worse.
Clint furrows his brow in genuine confusion. "Uh, okay. What's that?" Steve also stops his conversation with Tony and looks over with interest.
The answer slides into his brain a moment later, and he audibly groans. "Assemble the team, Cap. We need all hands on deck. And tell Clint – I cannot believe I am saying this – bring all the paintballs he can carry.
“Look here, and here,” he says, pulling up another image. “This is your brain when we first got you back, the scan the doctors took while you were still unconscious in medical.” He points over to the new image. “This here, is the one that we just took. See the differences here? There are already neural pathways rerouting themselves. Here, you can see where HYDRA’s work intentionally cut off the connections to the part of your brain that stores memories. But, your brain is already healing itself, and reconnecting. You said you were dreaming in memories?”
"But they weren't
Before Shuri can respond, Vision groans softly, and slowly opens his eyes. He blinks a few times, and sits up, looking around the lab in confusion. "What..."
this thing. To defeat him, to defeat the advancing horde. It won't be easy, but at least without the glove in the way, it'll be closer to a fair fight.
"The amount of muscle you're packing, Steve, that seems pretty normal," Tony says, eying his defined shoulders and chest pointedly.
That's all that matters.
— Now his whole world has been turned sideways.
"Mostly," Steve confirms. "It's not easy, transitioning back to civilian life. Especially since a lot of vets don't have work experience outside the military, and they're struggling with their own health issues, physical and mental. We like being able to offer a work environment that's supportive of their needs, 'cause Bucky, Clint, and I, we all get it. That's also why we implemented the suspended coffee and meal service. We're trying to help where we can."
“I don’t care if you’re Father-fucking-Christmas, you’ll get on the ground so I can clear and secure this site,” He says it in a way that makes it clear that the topic is not up for discussion. Steve quickly takes Tony’s arms and nudges him to the ground. Tony protests, but he goes, and the squad leader waves at one of his people who quickly zip ties their wrists together behind their backs, and then ties both cuffs together so that Steve and Tony find themselves sitting on the ground  sitting back to back, attached at the wrists. It’s not remotely how Steve would have wanted things to go but considering they were caught in the middle of a fight between two groups of hostiles, completely naked and with no ID on them, he should probably count himself lucky that it didn’t end worse.
"God, Tony," he says, and Tony decides they've been dancing around this long enough.
The kid is short, which Steve supposes is to be expected since he's attending preschool. He's got straight dark hair, flopped over into his face, and he's holding onto Tony's hand and chattering excitedly.
"Hi," she says, voice full of a familiarity she hasn't earned. "You're Tony Stark, aren't you?"
Tony talks all through the meal, and long after they’ve both finished, and the longer they’re here, the more comfortable Steve feels, and he joins in more with thoughts and comments of his own until he’s feeling sure enough to speak what’s been on his mind since he arrived.
"The money isn't the issue this time, I guess. It's the space."
"Because, we're all coffee addicts. Coffee on tour is shit. Like, honestly. Base coffee is terrible. So when we got back, I started making the good shit again, because we deserve nice things. And as you know, I make a pretty good cup of coffee. It kind of just snowballed from there."
Before they can get any further into it, Tony is hit by a sack of super-powered teenager, wrapping impossibly strong arms around him in a hug that Tony absolutely refuses to enjoy.
If Casey is the most important thing in Tony's world, Stark Resilient comes in second. Ru would want him to make sure it succeeds in all the things she'd wanted for it. For
“Excuse me?” The man in black that Steve now recognised as a HYDRA agent says coldy in response.
Steve doesn't want to think about how she could have known that that was information he really needed to hear. Part of him hopes it's because Rhodey had filled her in on what had happened in the Haven, while at the same time another part is hoping she has no idea.
The streets, sidewalks, buildings, everything around them looks like a rainbow warzone.
It's a cacophony of sound, of various team members yelling at him, yelling
"I'm the one that should be thanking you," Steve says. "There is no way that we'd be able to keep up with two locations without more staff. We're stretched too thin this week already. Sooner they can start, the better. I'll call them all this afternoon."
"Right!" Tony says, knowing he's lost the high ground. "So, I mean, preschoolers don't drink coffee, and there's basically nothing else there that –"
"And you're someone who just walked through a portal. Just after I met a bunch of aliens following Thor around like puppies," Tony said.
Clint, Natasha, and Spider-Man had already been taken to the secondary tents already. Clint had fought tooth and nail, but Bucky himself had dragged him there. Clint had put up a hell of a fight for someone with two broken arms, actually.
Tony hadn't quite been able to bring himself to call Steve on that stupid fucking flip phone he'd sent. Tony, of course, kept it charged and on his person at all times, because he wasn't an idiot. If he was ever going to need to call Steve for help – and god, he hated that he'd one day possibly have to call Steve for help – he needed to be ready at a moment's notice. The apocalypse wasn't going to give him a chance to find a wall outlet to charge the phone so he could call reinforcements.
to leave,” Steve protests.
me to keep your ass in line," Rhodey tells him. "I
"Decided to hang around Manhattan for a while?" Tony asks by way of a greeting, leaning casually against the counter. Clint wanders off to the other end of the counter to put away some dirty dishes, leaving Steve to deal with Stark. That had been the agreement – Clint and Bucky had both said that since he'd gotten 'the crazy Stark guy' calmed down the first time, Steve could also be the one to deal with him going forward. What great friends Steve has.
someone get to Casey? He should have been at school. Tony would have dropped him off this morning, then headed to the office. He usually would have stopped at the shop for a coffee between, but not this week.
“There you are,” Steve whispered into his ear. Tony shivered, and turned around to face Steve.
"Yeah. You told the students you discovered the answer by accident?" Steve asks.
Steve tonight. He'd gone quiet, Tony had heard shots, and no one could rouse him on the comms for what felt like a lifetime.
Steve slips just one finger in to the first knuckle, tonguing at Tony's cock as he does, and waits for Tony to get used to the feeling.
," argued Steve.
"Oh, you do, do you?" Tony grins back. He sighs, and glances at the case. Casey's not a picky eater, but most of the fare in the pastry case is geared toward adults.
Those three words are a punch to the gut that knocks the wind right out of him. It's like losing Casey all over again. He has visceral memories of realising that Casey had been taken, of feeling like his whole world had come crashing down around him. Vision isn't Casey, he knows that. But it feels the same anyway.
lives," Steve argues.
At that moment, their little heart to heart is interrupted by a shriek of "Bucky!" and a tiny human throwing himself at Bucky's legs, clinging on.
They had talked about it before, at least a little. How they'd fallen in love with each other in the Haven, how Steve had started to consider futures that he'd given up on, how even in reality he'd given up on hoping for what they had now between them. Tony had never stopped to consider that Steve might, after all that, still want a child.
Rhodey had been his roommate when Tony had been doing his second PhD at MIT, which had been interesting since Rhodey was 23 at the time and working on his first. Tony had been 17, underage, and just starting to branch out past "heterosexual". He'd seen Tony's wild, casual and ill-advised sexual awakening years, and he'd seen Tony's whirlwind romance with Rumiko, and he'd seen how terribly Tony had taken her death. He'd been there through all of it — a powerful support system that had been highly skilled at taking Tony down a peg and slapping him across the face with a dose of reality when needed, or propping him up when he had been at his lowest points.
With a command to JARVIS, the training programme boots up, and chaos breaks free in the room.
"Okay, so, we have to go to Rochester to meet with her?"
"Nice to meet you, James," Steve says, holding his hand out to shake. Rhodey reaches out to take it, pumping Steve's in greeting.
"Go 'way," he slurs into his pillow. "Sleepin'."
All the way up until the moment that Tony picks him up that morning, Steve is kicking himself for ever agreeing to this stupid trip. It's a five hour drive up to Rochester, which means ten hours that he's going to be trapped in a car with Tony. Ten hours where he's going to have to fight not to fall more in love, because he'll admit it to himself, even if he's not ready to admit it to anyone else that yeah, he's fallen in love with Tony since the summer.
Steve gnaws his bottom lip. “Thanks, Tony. Really. But I wouldn't say I'm that great of an artist.”
Tony simply nods into Steve's pectorals. Steve tightens his hold on Tony, just for a moment, before pulling away. Tony clings.
Steve's cheeks are pink and he's got that adorable, cheesy grin on his face. “Gosh, Tony — ”
Well. It's not like Tony doesn't deserve it.
Steve just smiles softly back before heading over.
It conjures nervous laughter from a lot of people around them, those shameless in their eavesdropping, and Romanoff's eyes flash. But she's suddenly moved back, and Rogers leans in, dangerously.
Waking up in his own bed on Saturday morning was great — the number of Saturday mornings that Tony
Tony very decidedly doesn't, so he plops down on the curb of the sidewalk.
Wilson sighs. “I’m — Just. If he does anything, I'm beating his ass, Steve.”
Plus, it's much more amusing.
Unsurprisingly enough — it does matter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony's head whips around to him. Jarvis is casually sorting papers on one of Tony's tables.
Tony huffs. “You should be. I gave up my one o'clock to three o'clock of crying in the shower for this.”
Steve gapes. Tony laughs, nervously. “Let’s go in?”
“IT’S CHRISTMAS! YOU BIG ASSHOLES, IT’S CHRISTMAS!”
It's awkwardly quiet for a moment. Tony swings his head to Sarah, gesturing to the phone on the corner of the desk. “Could I — The phone?”
The other occupants all glance at each other.
Tony blinks. “Huh?”
We try not to make it a habit. We're wondering… Does Tony know about all of this?
Tony's mom straightens. “Tony, dear, please go back to — ”
They parted, and Tony had to blink away the happy darkness. “A dream,” he murmurs, bringing one of his thumbs to trace Steve’s lips. The lips replied by parting, spreading into a blinding white smile.
Tony swallowed. “With no context?”
The Grinch is sitting in his house-cave thingy doing nothing and generally being alone while alluding to the thought of having no friends while he reads out his schedule of being alone when Tony laughs softly.
Nonetheless, Jarvis looks incredibly upset and frustrated as he sees Tony off for Tony to do his SATs and some other state-issued exams that he'll miss out on. Tony waves him off.
Then Strange puts a foot out.
Steve smirks.
floods Steve's car. Steve smiles softly, eyes gently shut.
Howard drops Tony's arm harshly. His mouth works, furiously. Tony huffs.
“The first one is: Do you have a history of kidnapping reforming, asshole classmates?”
It's a high school prank, orchestrated like a bank heist.
“Tony,” he whispers. “Please stay.”
When Tony wants to say how much he
Vision walks over, and he's smiling, as well. There's a lot of smiles everywhere. “Tony, I think this means — ”
she wouldn't want that, but he also knows that she knew him well enough to know that he was going to anyways, and, well — Now he's depressed again. Anyway, first it was Peggy. Then it was… Let's just call him — uh
The three of them stare at the screen.
“Sam, you do know that I always knew who you were talking about?” Steve glances at Sam as he grabs one of Bucky's yogurts as well. Bucky doesn't even muster a reaction.
Romanoff laughs harder. “Shut up, okay, you're right there with me.”
Peter shrugs, because he genuinely does not know. “And, Mr. Stark?”
Mr. Rhodes (“Kid, when will you call me Rhodey?”) twitches. “Stop freaking out, or
Romanoff's lips flatten. “You really don't have any friends.” It's not a question.
He throws his phone at the wall before passing out like a light.
Tony complies, and the beginning of
And that gets him laughs for hours. Rumlow almost cries.
“Well, don't say that, Rogers, I have a reputation,” Tony huffs back, smiling a bit himself. Steve grins even more goofily at him. Tony's smile stretches uncontrollably.
Jarvis immediately looks disapproving, but at the end, his lips quirk in a guilty, humored smile. Tony laughs outright again.
Force, you know the drill.
i'm so happy i got this out in time for christmas! i'm not very happy with this chapter, but i really wanted to publish it :) this chapter is definitely the longest, being nearly eight thousand words, but i hope you enjoyed it nonetheless!
He hurriedly dials Jarvis's number and explains the situation. Jarvis has the beginning notes of being upset when he first says that dad isn't leaving, but when Tony launches into whispering about the Rogers, Jarvis listens in, quiet. He sighs over the line.
He feels Steve's gaze on his head, and he's helpless to do much more than look up. Steve gives him a weak smile. “You don't think I set us up?” he jokes.
“You should go, Tony,” Sam cuts in softly. “I... We don't want Steve to have to go through the rejection process again, okay? He really liked you.”
“This is for
“Oh, but you were so elated to talk all about him,” Jarvis teases dryly, dropping the pretense of being anything other than nosy. Hmph.
There’s a light
“What?” Scott demands, twisting over the edge of the loveseat to see the tree.
Steve froze. He faced Tony, again, hesitantly. “What do you mean?”
A plea. It's Steve begging Tony to not make him go through the process of being
Tony’s stomach caves in before he says, certainly, “No. I’m sorry. Thank you, again. Merry Christmas.”
Vision steps up. “I believe what he is attempting to say is that we have found someone that we believe to make you very… Very
It goes like this.
Sam and Bucky are anxiously gnawing at their lips, but Natasha just shakes her head. “Not to my knowledge. Sam?”
“...Okay, maybe my point isn't coming through so clear.” Peter clears his throat. Tony huffs, busying his hands with his coffee cup. “Look, all I'm saying is that ever since... Ever since the snap, you haven't been the same. Romantically, I mean.”
Tony trails after the tiny woman as she tells him about her favorite chocolate to use, and wonders just how his life has led to this moment.
It's later, and Steve looks at Tony, and Tony stares at him right back. They're right in front of Central Park, but it's so late, and although the cars are still hurtling by, it seems that Manhattan is taking a little break.
Tony arches an eyebrow.
Sarah rolls her eyes. “Steve Rogers, everyone knows who eats all of the butter pecan ice cream. And James Barnes, I placed that exile because you kept on daring Steve to fit himself into small locations, and the boy's stubbornness was getting him all kinds of bruises. Now, Stark,” she barks.
It's one of those rules. Don't say or act on what you want when it's not favorable to everyone else around you.
“Same,” he laughs.
Tony starts walking, Ty following. “Then we drop him. Just for a little while. Until he proves that he should be able to join the group again.”
She shoves the communicator in her pocket and mainly looks at Steve as she says, apologetically, “I'm so sorry, boys, but some of the technicians need a little clarity on the rules here. I probably won't be back before Tony's gone. I'm sure you know how to reach me, Tony, though, through the communicators. There's one at every hallway corner.”
Tony thanks her and slides on a pair of glasses that he totally did not buy just to look sophisticated for these kinds of things, no, sir, he just needs the help.
Hammer laughs. “Oh, you're gonna wish you followed him.”
Tony feels his heart cave in his chest. “But — But if you're serious — ”
Sam frowns. “Where are you going, Pops?”
He blinks.
that much, but it doesn't stop him from wishing it was. Wishing that Tony would ever…
Hammer snickers, and Ty sighs. Cross winks at Carter. “Yeah, sweet cheeks, I'm talking to you.”
“What's the story behind that one?” Tony asks casually, popping his head out to nod at a large painting of a tall figure. Steve sighs, scratching the back of his head bashfully again.
Sarah leans over to him and brushes a strand of hair back from his face. She smiles gently at him, his cheek in the palm of her hand. “Of course, Tony.”
Okay, deep breaths. Tony Stark, playboy extraordinaire, can totally get over a little love-at-first-sight trip. No big deal.
It was a long moment before Steve exhales, and turns to leave.
Steve Rogers, in all of his five-foot glory, is standing behind the desk in the little office space. His eyes are wide as he stares back at Tony, one hand fingering the pages of Tolkien's
It's the third Friday evening of his Junior year, he's at Tiberius Stone's house, and Tony's scrolling through his phone when he witnesses the first reaction to when all of it truly started.
comments lightly.
Tony's lips part. Rogers is staring at him — trying to get a gauge on what Tony's going to say next. Waiting to be disappointed or surprised.
And, honestly? Tony couldn't say no to anything this man asked.
“ — none of your nosey butts’ business,” Steve is arguing. Tony tilts his head. Barnes sees him first, frowning.
Tony almost stops walking. He really doesn't want to deal with any kid, right now. They're exhausting. Being one is exhausting. The whole idea of hanging out with other kids is exhausting.
Caden laughs the most obnoxiously at his joke, and Tony tries to conjure up a smile, but then Rogers's gaze flickers to him for one moment, and Tony can't muster it up.
Tony plops his butt down on one of the more comfy chairs in his father's office lobby. “He's gonna forget that he's supposed to take me home.”
They collapse into a kiss again, Steve pressing Tony into the door, and Steve’s right, it’s perfection, too perfect for a dream, it’s real, oh
Steve’s smile is unstoppable, even as he pulls Tony in for another kiss — Tony tastes his happiness with a hint of tongue, and finds that it’s his new favorite taste, egged on by Steve’s soft noises.
Tony stares at him, into those blue, blue eyes, and the hopeful look dancing around the edges of them, and he just —
The two others think over his words. Nat looks at Bucky. Bucky shrugs. Natasha hums. “Read them out.”
“Great,” Peter exhales. “So tomorrow at six. Sound okay?”
, dares to fucking cat-call her. Except, obviously, the idiot named Darren Cross.
“I’ve got Hannah here,” Ty tells Tony, when one of the clocks on the walls say it's two o'clock in the morning. He's motioning to the blonde next to him. “And we're gonna go fuck, so! Bye!”
Steve blinks.
“You did it,” Carter says.
Not two seconds later, the door swings back open and Steve looks stormy.
“Are they making out again?” Sam yells. “You can legally kick them out for that, Barnes!”
Romanoff arches an eyebrow, a fond expression dancing across her features. “Which is?”
They're like baby mice. They feed on the food in a pile. It's as endearing as it's disturbing.
Tony's flabbergasted. And intrigued. And affronted.
Because of Tony.
It goes like this.
.” He laughs, the noise wet. “At lunch, you were playing soccer, and you were fast, and strong, and I just thought,
Tony huffs. “I never should of told you about him back in seventh grade or introduced you that one summer.”
Tony carefully takes the sketchbook from Steve's hands, treating it as something invaluable because he really does think it is (The following year, Tony will have Brock Rumlow hang half of Steve's drawings in the cafeteria and then invite everyone to fling food at them).
Well. Tony's spent nights with people he barely knows, most half-naked, before. This is hardly one of the worst situations.
” Tony mutters, and Steve smiles so beautifully, its radiancy rivals everything bright.
Rumlow throws something in Hammer's direction, hitting Hammer's stomach. Hammer oofs. “Hammer, what does the fucking post say?”
“So whaddya want, Stark?” Bucky questions, leaning forward on the counter.
Sam's mouth forms an 'o’. “That’s your job. I pack the tupperware and clothes when Mom's not here, and you pack the presents.”
“I saw your art.”
He straightens, slides a hand through his hair, and opens the door again.
As soon as he hangs up, Happy rolls his eyes. “I'm going to Barnes's first, don't get your panties in a twist.”
,” Nat admonishes. Steve grunts in her general direction.
Peter feels his gut twist tighter. He plasters a grin. “Only for you to embarrass yourself again?”
Bucky steels himself. “Throw it right back at them, right?”
“Sharon, Nat, stop, we need to go.” Rogers is urging and Tony could almost laugh in relief if only his eyes weren't prickling again.
Colliding at the door, Steve kisses him again. “You’re terrible, Tony Stark,” he declares, pulling away.
“I'm inclined to agree, Mr. Parker.”
“Okay,” he confirms. “Looks good.”
“...TONY!”
“I changed my mind, I can do it myself.”
Blinking, Tony brings himself back to the moment. The woman smiles, and motions to the back. Holding his breath, Tony looks over.
Tony shrugs, looking back at the lines of code in front of him. “Top of my head.”
Tony springs up. “Dessert?”
Tony slumps in his chair. “Steve Rogers is very frustrating.”
Laughing loudly and beaming, Tony gently pushes Steve's face away. “Okay, stop, you've proven you're still a scoundrel!”
Sam scrunches his nose up. “Ew! No, last night when I was playing Cliff Help, I got a — ” he waves his StarkPad around, “ —
Oh, god. A night with Steve Rogers.
to,” he continues, standing up again. He beckons them over, and they stride to him. “You’ll have to give me your guys’ best arguments.”
he loves this man more than he could ever put into words —
Timely, despite it holding some notable state names, much less a Steve Rogers from Brooklyn.
Tony sees his mom speaking furtively to Jarvis, who, with reluctance in his every movement, leaves the room. His mom rears back to the situation at hand.
When he's back in the car, Happy's sending him a look. “Boss, what were you doing in there? It's been twenty minutes, Miss Potts is gonna gnaw your head off!”
. Just last week, he was stuck at a pool party at Darren Cross's house where he was kissed
They trudge silently inside, and Tony makes short work of placing the presents under the tree. Steve sleepily watches him, smiling as he settles into the blankets. Tony follows him under the covers and sighs a breath of relief, his mind settling into a state of rest as his mission is completed.
Sarah ends up taking Tony back into the kitchen, where he listens to both Sarah Rogers and Paul Wilson complain about their co-workers while helping to make a variety of homemade pudding for tomorrow. Paul gently eases him into the conversation as well, his eyes portraying that soft look that Tony's seen in Sam Wilson's eyes when he would talk to pretty much anyone that weren't dicks like Tony. (Kindness must be a hereditary trait; makes sense for Tony's case.) Sarah invites him in much more brassly, asking him probingly about his grades over anything else. Paul seemed to send her a knowing look, and, despite confusedly, Tony answered her. She looked approving before asking him about that butler of his — not his parents, not his friends, not why he's here instead of at a party — but about a topic Tony's shown comfort in confiding about priorly.
Steve is well aware of the fact that he's grumbling, but he can't seem to make himself stop.
“Captain Rogers will love living here, too,” Peter assures.
“Sam,” Rogers reprimands quietly. Tony stiffens.
it. “Uh! Uh! Uh!”
Stone sighs from beside Tony, a little smirk on his lips. “We’re afraid we have no idea what you're talking about.”
Tony nods, sharply, but he feels himself flare with panic. Alone? Alone with Steve Rogers? With no one to buffer in-between? This is definitely a risk. He's never even dared to…
Bucky looks away and Nat's wincing as Sam flicks open the envelope. His finger is hovering above the dark pink FLICKLOVE button at the end of the letter, when a notification
magazine from 2013. “Make sure to put emphasis on the whole Captain America behavior thing.”
He just nods.
Wilson groans. “I’m the one who thought of doing a marathon!”
how many times per year?”
Steve nods. “And you didn't force Falcon, Widow, and White Wolf — ”
Instead, Tony exits his car, a careless grin playing on his lips, and walks easily toward Marvel High School.
Natasha's got her own type of excited smile on her face, but she's eyeing the StarkPad. “Why aren't we doing this with
Tony is wearing a jock. The front is navy blue, almost mesh so that Steve thinks he can see a hint of the outline of Tony's genitals, and then the back is – the back is just strips of elasticized fabric across the waist and around the thighs and
Steve glances at Bucky.
With Tony at his six, Steve surges forward. Subduing HYDRA is his priority, but he’s not about to let the buyers make any kind of get away either. They’re all lucky that both sides seemed to realised that with the fight turning to such close quarters, guns are not a good idea. At least that lessens the chance of anyone getting shot.
okay. Steve knows that. "– the bomb went off under Bucky's corner of the vehicle. Shredded the side of the vehicle, and the shrapnel tore right into him. In that split second, he'd covered his head with his arm – probably saved his life, kept the shrapnel from tearing through his neck, but it shredded his arm and the shoulder. I managed to drag him out of the vehicle, but by that point there was gunfire going off. But the squad was there, everyone in the other two vehicles were already out, covering our position so we could get to cover.
"I didn't ask if you were fine, I asked what the hell
"Both are very important," Steve agrees.
Rhodey comes upstairs long enough to make Steve and Tony each a cup of tea, but then he leans against the kitchen counter. "You gonna be okay, Tones?"
"I'm told it's the ambrosia of the gods, and will ruin me for all other forms of caffeine," Rhodey agrees.
A second later, Tony was surrounded by projections of images and documents, everything they had that might help, and he cracked his knuckles. Sure, there was a good chance that HYDRA had improved their methods, but Tony was encouraged by the fact that HYDRA had never managed to get their hands on Steve’s serum, so there was no way to compensate for it.
“J, what’s the time on the Steve clock?” Tony asks as he slumps into the kitchen.
"Oh, hey, wooshy hand thing," Clint says, still holding onto Bucky's arm.
"What the hell are you doing, Steve?" Bucky demands, striding into the office and kicking the door shut behind him.
the one who forgets my coffee is beside my elbow for hours at a time, as well as my phone, my food, my basic hygiene?"
Tony stirs beside him, and responds just as quietly, "Can't sleep either?"
is all Steve can see.
“Well,” Steve says slowly, “I think it’s good that I found someone extraordinary, too.”
"Oh, yeah, the new coffee shop. We actually got a little flyer in the mail about it. This is apparently their second location – they've got one in Brooklyn already."
"If Thanos is coming, we must be prepared."
a ridiculous human, Tony," Steve points out.
"If you don't go up there and see him in the next five seconds, Stevie, I swear to god I'm gonna tell everyone here about the time you threw up on Mary Lou Henderson at Coney Island, and then asked her to the dance before she'd even gotten a chance to scream, and
develop feelings for someone else. Yet, here he is, thinking about how beautiful Steve's smile is, and wondering how his lips would taste.
It really
scanners to pass," Rhodey says, walking through the door.
Now at least someone is speaking a language he can understand, and giving him something to do. "Shuri, we need to borrow your lab, and also your brain," Tony tells her.
They hadn't been able to save Ru.
"Because I saw you after Siberia, punk. I saw how torn up you were over losin' him. You and I both know you were in love with him long before the Haven."
He doesn't mean that. He's just hurting right now. He'll push it down and get on with it, the way he always does.
deal with facing another round of questioning. Besides, judging by how his day had gone so far, someone would be camping out by his door waiting for him to leave, or sneaking in somehow.
"I've got movement," murmurs Clint. "Female, average height. Medium blonde hair."
"Not necessarily. We don't know where Thanos will go next, or how he's finding the stones."
He had moved to this neighbourhood on the upper east side specifically so that Casey could go to this preschool. He had done his research – he'd looked at every preschool in the city before he'd settled on Trinity Children's Centre. TCC had the best ratio of positive parent anecdotes and high testing scores. It's not even the most exclusive preschool in the city, and Tony doesn't care. He'd never
"Don't worry about it, Stevie," Bucky says, patting his arms. "She's alright, that one. Congrats on your new BFF, Clint."
"Hey, Tony, can I ask you something?" There is a question tugging at his mind. Something he's wanted to ask for a while, but it wasn't his place, or his right to know. So he never had, until now. That's another thing about laying in the dark – topics that might feel forbidden during daylight hours seem safer to speak about.
"Miss Tasha is really fun – she takes me to the park a lot, and she said on Tuesday we're going to the aquarium!"
Tony looks around the room at them. After a moment, he takes a deep breath, and speaks.
“Okay…” Tony says carefully, turning in his chair to face Steve, arms folded over his chest. Steve is still looking around, studying the workspace with intense scrutiny, so Tony waits.
Steve studies him for a long moment, and then he can't help the tear that rolls down his cheek, settling into the hair of his beard. "A while," he says, then thinks better of it. The least he can do for Tony right now is be completely honest with him, no matter how vulnerable it makes him. "The whole time, actually."
Tony has instructions to let Clint and Rhodey out a few blocks away from the meeting location, in case the kidnapper – or any partners – is watching. They don't want to tip their hand too early. It's better if the kidnapper thinks Tony really did come alone.
"Because Tony?" Bucky asks flatly.
"Promise!" Casey shouts back.
Tony blinks at him. "Sorry, when did you become a suburban soccer mom? What did I miss?"
Tony runs an angry hand through his hair, clawing at his scalp and making a frustrated noise.
"Steve! Do you copy?"
"Tony!" Thor yells.
"Give them a year, they'll go back on it," Tony says.
Steve nods his understanding, and Coulson takes his leave, leaving Steve standing alone in the barren space. For one brief moment, panic surges up inside him, and he wonders what the hell he was thinking. He’s adrift – for the first time since he’s woken up he’s
"It's almost Christmas," Steve says, voice rough and broken. Small. The voice of someone who has known loss over and over again. "It's December."
To see this chapter’s illustration by acachette,
Tony squirms uncomfortably. "Don't we have work to do?" he says, trying to get them back on track. It works, and Shuri leads him to a workstation.
“Drink would be nice,” he agrees. “Scotch and soda please?”
Tony smiles apologetically, and takes Casey's hand. Casey goes willingly, letting go of Bucky's legs.
"We should celebrate a successful first week tomorrow. Dinner and drinks with the crew after the shops close," Steve suggests.
"Thanos has the Space stone – the tesseract," Bruce tells them.
Steve blinks and watches for a second as Bucky waits for Natasha to pick up the phone. Bucky makes an impatient gesture with his hand, and Steve steels himself. He doesn't have time to fall apart right now, and he knows it. What's important is Casey.
“Sweet
"We need to talk about Steve," Clint says seriously.
, he needs to think about baseball again or he's going to have a raging hard-on, and he can't get out of bed without Tony's help, and then Tony would also be
“I mean that you’re extraordinary,” Tony says quickly. “Always thought so.”
“Yeah well, I’m Iron Man. I could have been there in no time. You should have called.”
He tries to think about the evening with Tony and how he’d felt alive. He tries to use it as an anchor to ground himself, to hold onto a positive memory that he’s formed here in his ‘new life.’ But it feels false. Sure, at the time it had felt real and true, but the reality is, Tony’s just nice to him because he feels responsible for Steve. Hell, he all but said as much the first say at SHIELD when he told Coulson that he wanted to take Steve, reminded him how SI was the reason Steve was even found in the first place.
"No one's fault but yours," Bucky agrees.
Which is of course why, as he’s just taking his first bite of his amazing-smelling dish, something splats against the window next to him. Looking up, he sees a smear of green slime sliding down the glass.
"Right," Tony says, not sure what that has to do with anything. "He's my best friend. But we're not – we're not an
"Nope," Tony assures him. "Seems like all the evil geniuses and grad students bordering on ‘mad scientist’ managed to keep it together while you were gone. Turns out the biggest menace was the domestic threat of Clint and his damned paintballs."
Steve's knees nearly buckle with relief.
of research before deciding to set up the office near here. And I did even more before I decided to move us here and put Casey in Trinity."
He's been searching for a qualified nanny for six months. No one is right for the job – they're good with childcare, but not with making sure Casey is
“No one?” Steve responds, a little confused. “I was in basic for a week before the serum, and then I was on a USO tour. And then… well when I actually started fighting it was kind of a… hit the ground running sort of thing.” He shrugs. “Got in a lot of fights growing up though.”
Once they've got each other stripped down to nothing more than their underwear – and Tony is proud to say he's wearing normal underwear today, with his ass covered and everything – Steve presses him down to the mattress and hovers over him, his erection grinding lightly into Tony's thigh as they kiss. Steve's own thigh is brushing against Tony's erection, and it's maddeningly light.
To see this chapter’s illustration by acachette,
"Right, but –"
“You’re so tense,” she purrs, bringing a finger up to his jaw and running a thumb across his lip. “And you seem so distracted, handsome. Come on, tell me what’s on your mind. I’ll take good care of you.” She rolls her hips against his to emphasise the point.
Steve waves him off. They all have the same problems. It's hard enough trying to settle back in after retiring from the service. Harder still to find work, especially work that lets you make time for appointments, therapy, shit days that result from all the trauma. Not to mention the complete lack of work experience outside 'ability to fight and shoot.' Steve, Clint, Bucky, they all get it. They'd all benefited from the services of the VA, and hiring other vets just makes sense, as far as they're concerned. Sam and the rest of the staff run some great programs and workshops geared towards helping vets get out into the civilian workforce, but having places like Brewed Awakening that actively try to hire vets helps a lot.
"Okay, let me know if you change your mind," Steve answers, and he's already starting to walk away. On the one hand, Tony does love to watch Steve walk away, but he'd rather Steve stay and talk a while. The shop has slowed down, he could take the time.
"Guardians just arrived. The landing party is on their radar, we've only got a few minutes."
Tony glances back at Rhodey, who has a 'come on, really, with this?' expression on his face. "That's me, the one and only."
"Tell us more about Thanos," Natasha says.
an aura. There's no empty bed where he would have materialized had he come back with them the way they'd all gone in. Tony doesn't know how it works because it's
Steve's brain snaps into gear and suddenly, he's thinking with perfect clarity. This is a crisis, and he needs to make sure his people get out of it and to safety, even if 'his people' is just Tony at the moment. "We need to get out of the snow, we'll freeze out here." The driver's side door is still open from where Tony climbed out, and Steve drags himself up into a sitting position on the seat. He reaches over to the passenger side of the car where he'd been sitting, and grabs the sweater he'd tucked onto the floor. "Here," he says, passing the sweater over to Tony. "Put this on, you need to stay warm."
"Can I get you guys anything else?" he asks politely.
"God, Tony, I can't –" Steve breaks off, the tendons in his neck straining. His fingers are like clamps on Tony's hips, holding him still as Steve works in him, leveraging himself with his feet planted on the bed.
to know, that he
"He's adaptive," Tony says absently. "JARVIS, he was designed to be an adaptive learning program."
Something passes over Tony's face, a strange expression that's part understanding, part sympathy, part something else that Steve can't identify. But for a moment, it feels like Tony can see inside his very soul.
"Sure, I would love to," Steve tells them. Casey cheers happily and dashes across the store to his favourite table, careful not to upend his cookie. Steve pours himself a cup of coffee, grabs a muffin and comes around to join them.
wearing pants today."
"Is everyone alright?" Vision asks, looking imploringly at Tony.
Tony sighs and rolls over so he can sit up. "It's with that German rep for the energy project. He wanted to meet last night. But if I had, I wouldn't have seen you until after you got home and were probably asleep."
"You sound like Steve, you know that?" Tony says roughly.
+++++
Hammer is getting increasingly frustrated, her voice rising in pitch and volume as she speaks. Natasha decides it's quite sloppy, but then, she doesn't expect many people to be properly trained to withstand advanced interrogation techniques.
calling a 'Cup of O', no matter what Clint says.
He takes it back. He is
"We've met," said the tall man. "You're Tony Stark."
Neither of them says anything after that, though Tony doesn't let go of his hand. Not long after, Tony's breath evens out as he slips into sleep. Steve follows soon after.
Tony hasn't thought about anyone in a sexual way since Rumiko died – since Casey was born. To feel desire for some barista in a coffee shop owned by Tony's newest arch nemesis? It would be underselling it to call it 'unexpected'.
He couldn't have been more wrong.
"No, not always. Actually, we only started making coffee pretty recently."
“Okay, fine. Fine. I’m sorry. We both should have called.”
"I do," Steve nods.
Tony bites his tongue to keep from making some comment about how beautifully well that's working out for them. There's no place for that, and they really are trying. "Alright," he says instead. "What's your name?"
"You guys want anything else? Bucky's telling me I need to take a break, or he's going to kick me out of the shop for a week."
"You feel good, love," Steve whispers. "So good for me."
Found guilty of treason, tax evasion, and trafficking, Stane wouldn't be seeing the light of day from outside prison walls any time soon.
"We were only there two weeks."
"So, why are you being so avoidant?" Bucky demands.
The day after the accident, Stark doesn't come into the shop at all, which is kind of weird, because Bucky was under the impression that Tony came in every damned day. Sometimes multiple times a day. He's also pretty certain Nat had mentioned something about Tony and Rhodes having a daily 'BFF' work meeting, every day at 9am. But 9am comes and goes, with no sign of Stark or Rhodes. At ten past nine, Steve glances up at the clock, sighs, and mumbles something about needing to go do something in the back.
Steve blinks in confusion. "There are different types of syrup?"
Casey comes running into the kitchen then, T-shirt soaked with water from washing his hands. Tony wonders fondly how much of the water actually got on his skin.
"Okay, Tasha!" Casey grins. "Thanks for playing with me today!"
. We're meeting with Blackwell on Thursday to discuss specifics and go over the proposal to fine tune it for their needs."
(See the end of the chapter for
he say to that?
“Recon,” Steve sighs resignedly. “On the intel that said HYDRA was looking to make a deal through here on the stolen SHIELD tech.”
"Hey there, squirt," Bucky says, patting Casey's head.
, it's about what's
"I've
intentions they should be worried about.” Steve voice was thick and heavy with intention and promise, and it took a great deal of self control not to arch himself against Steve with an audience sitting right there. Instead, he looked over his shoulder at his team — his family — and in a very adult manner, stuck his tongue out at them. Steve laughed, and stepped towards the door, pulling Tony with him, away from the warm, supportive, not-at-all mischievous smiles of the group.
But it doesn't matter. They have to find Casey.
"Yeah?" Steve says, and Tony knows he's asking more than that.
Steve's eyes jerk up from Tony's sleeping face, gaze meeting Sam's.
“Whoa, settle there soldier,” Tony says. “We’re Avengers. We’re the good guys.”
At that moment, Bucky makes a very obvious point of checking his phone, and then cheers. "Hey, great news!"
"He's doing great," Tony assures him. "He's a good fit, he's one of us now. Even if he is a complete menace. I swear to god, he and Clint bring out the best and worst in each other."
“In the flesh,” Stark confirms. He tilts his head as though considering for a moment, and then nods. “I’ll take him.”
"Yeah, of course. Definitely," Steve agrees. Clint very carefully doesn't throw both hands up in the air in a victory dance. "Let me know what day works for her, and I'll book a car."
"Steve, I –"
to get this nanny situation sorted out, Casey will be out of school for the summer in less than two months.
Strange holds out one hand, spinning the other in a wide circle in front of himself.
"Agreed," Steve says.
"Yes. And I notice that you very pointedly did
The third set of thugs is a little better trained, better prepared, and this time Steve takes a couple of punches to the face. Of course, this time it's four on one, so Steve had expected to take a couple of licks. He dodges some kind of blunt force weapon – it might be a pipe or a wrench, he doesn't get a good look at it. Only that it's coming straight for his head. He rolls, sweeping a leg out to bring the guy down, and then flips up to bring an elbow into another guy's face, the satisfying crunch of a nose breaking almost drowned out by a grunt of pain.
"No need to get weird about it," Tony says awkwardly, but it's too late, and Steve is kissing his cheek, nuzzling against his neck.
The club owner fires a shot, but HYDRA guy is ready for it and is already ducking for cover. His backup seems to take it as a personal offence and charges after them. Steve almost feels bad for the club owner and his crew. They aren’t going to stand a chance against highly trained HYDRA assets.
"Right then," Tony continues. "You were trying to innovate and learn. First thing you did right. The second thing you did right, is that when you fucked up, you tried to fix it."
"It sure is, Clint made it up special."
Hammer stares at them both, and Natasha thinks she can clock the exact moment it starts to fall into place for her. That Natasha and Bucky have no idea what she's talking about.
we were there," Steve says. "Now we're home, it's not the same."
"He's not an illusion," Hammer is saying, voice strained under Natasha's merciless hand – squeezing now – around her throat. "I had it the whole time. The kid
"We'll have to keep ourselves abreast of one another's projects somehow," Tony says with a knowing smile.
"You're – wow, I had no idea you were this dumb."
True to her word, Natasha wanders into the Manhattan shop the next morning while Clint is piling fresh baked goods into the case. It's actually been nice that he and Bucky have had a chance to spend more time in the Manhattan shop, now that the new hires are comfortable enough to work without them around in Brooklyn. It's good to get to know the new building, and, as great as having a second location is, he's missed working together, all three of them, like the old days.
Steve shrugs. "We have to assume it's a team, to be on the safe side." He points to a space between two buildings on the computer screen. "See here? This is going to be our rendezvous."
“Not soon enough,” Tony huffs. “J, time?”
coming into the shop now," Clint chimes in.
"You're makin' me sound like a drug dealer," Steve mutters as he pours Tony a cup of the daily brew — which they are very definitely
"You're not doing this alone," Steve said.
. He'll keep coming and coming, and there's no way to be safe unless we
“Ha! Take that,” Tony says triumphantly, and turns around to face the fray again. They’re lucky that the HYDRA team and the club owner’s flunkies are doing a pretty good job of keeping each other occupied. It leaves Steve and Tony free to move around the room and incapacitate the ones who seem like they are the biggest threats.
"You were pretty oblivious that I was into you," Bucky reminded him.
Tony drags himself into a seated position. "Fine. Fine, I'm up. Gimme coffee."
the kind of man who would stand up until he fell down, who would give his life for someone else when he needed to. The kind who would give up everything in order to save everyone else.
Casey is
"What do I have to do with it?" Rhodey asks, eyes narrowing.
"You – God, you're all idiots. Don't you get it yet? None of this is
"Not exactly," Rhodey says grimly, stepping into the elevator between Steve and Bucky.
Tony is spluttering, half-laughing at Rhodey's diatribe, when Steve comes over with a pot of coffee, pouring them each a refill. Tony can't help it, his face goes bright red, because what if Steve had
"Shit, I got hostiles," says Rhodey. "Engaging."
"Can I ask you what you want with the owner of this fine, upstanding establishment?" Man-bun asks, mouth twisting.
“Not now. Can we just... not right now?”
"Is that Thor?" comes Bruce over the comms from inside the Hulkbuster suit. The Hulk is nowhere to be seen today, and as much as Tony likes his friend, he's very ready for the other guy to make an appearance. "Nice of you to show up, finally," Bruce continues.
“Clint, your left side is wide open!” comes Steve’s voice as one of the little training projections takes a shot at Clint. But Clint is already jumping back, firing a shot, and as another comes up behind, he fires a grappling arrow and immediately climbs out of reach up to a ledge. On the other side of the room, a swarm forms out of seemingly nowhere around Natasha and Sam, launching themselves off the walls to drag Sam down by the wings. Without thinking, Tony shoots forward and grabs Bucky’s raised hand. Bucky is already expecting him and jumps to take hold. Tony flies him right over the walls of debris that separate Natasha and Sam, and drops him on the horde. He goes down shooting, taking out the ones pinning Sam’s wings and landing back to back with Natasha.
Casey isn't nearby.
Steve gives Rhodey a look at the low blow, but he also knows it's true, so he resolves to make an effort.
+++++
"We're not
"Are you sure? Maybe you can turn invisible, give it a try."
"They're mine!" Clint and Bucky both call dibs, and Tony watches two volleys of fire from two separate directions, leaving the alley in a slime-free explosion of colour. Clint and Bucky are bickering over whose point that was – apparently they'd started keeping score while Tony had been off playing mentor – and he's distracted enough that he misses what's happening in the middle of the street until he hears Sam yell,
Clint does a little dance behind the counter and hugs Bucky tightly. "You're the best."
"But you're sure he still wants Steve?" Bucky asks.
He finds a boxing gym a few blocks away, run by an old, retired tough-as-nails guy named Pinky, of all things, that Steve takes an immediate liking to. He suspects the proximity to the gym is part of the reason that he’d ended up living in the building he had, but he isn’t complaining. He also suspects someone at SHIELD — Fury, in all probability — had had a word with Pinky, because after the third night that he’s there punching bags well past closing, Pinky hands him a set of keys and the alarm code, and tells him to just make sure he locks up when he’s done.
"Nat's great," Steve agrees. Rhodey and Tony turn to stare at him.
"But you have to remember that you'll still have a life to live. Casey isn't here anymore, but you are. Tony is."
“I’d like to talk to him,” he announces, authority slipping into his voice. Both Stark and Coulson stare at him. Coulson raises an eyebrow and the corner of his mouth twitches into something that might have the potential of being a smile. Again, Steve can’t help feel like he’s being played.
“I want to remember you Tony,” Steve says with sudden intensity.
“It’s not that,” Steve protests again.
Natasha takes hold of Steve's hand and grips it, pulling it to her cheek and brushing the back of Steve's wrist against her cheek. "Go on," she whispers, eyes tracking up past his shoulder. "I'm okay here. You should be there when he wakes up."
"It really is," Steve agrees. "Bucky and I met Clint there, and the two of them bonded instantly. They were inseparable our entire tour. The entire squad became like our family, that's just how it goes. But Clint was something else. So, we were out one day, just doing a patrol around the base and a few surrounding villages. Clint, Bucky, Nicki, and I were in the lead vehicle. We didn't even see the IED until we were on top of it."
"Well, you are a little," Natasha shrugs.
For weeks, he’s been eating just because he has to, not really taking an interest in it beyond caloric and nutritional need. Before that it had been rations, and whatever else they could cobble together in the field. This is the first meal he’s had in longer than he remembers that he’s
"Options are limited, Rogers. We don't have time to fight about it, like you said."
," Hammer spits. "You're hiding it here, like scared little children, when you could be
"Watch me," Tony huffs.
"I know you can," Vision agreed. "And you must do it from here."
Rhodey snorts. "You're the dumbest genius I've ever met."
"I'm not –" he starts, but he doesn't get far.
cold?"
After the great oven incident, Steve makes sure that everyone on staff knows that Tony never pays for coffee ever again. Steve is in the back the first time Tony comes in after, but he overhears Sandi arguing with him about not taking his money. Steve comes out of the back to find Sandi standing behind the counter, arms folded over her chest and smiling sweetly – but fiercely – at Tony.
It suits him fine, though, since it means he doesn't have to spend any time talking to politicians, and he
"Right. Well, we'll call mother nature, how about? Right after we call the tow truck."
Steve starts thrusting up into Tony's body, and Tony braces himself on his knees, opening himself up wider. Steve picks up the pace, fucking up into him roughly.
"Knowing you, you'll forget the coffee's there until it gets cold anyway, so why
Yes, Tony. Tony, who thinks his coffee is the best he's ever had. Tony, whose smile lights up an entire room. Tony, who makes him feel alive. Steve shakes his head and reality settles back in. It's cold snow that's burning his hands, not sand. Tony is staring at him, wide eyed and afraid. "Tony, are you okay?" Steve takes Tony's face in his hands and checks him over.
"Sandi is right here with me," Clint tells him. "She's going to call Angela and Mike to cover. I'll call Sam and bring him with me, Tony's gonna need him. Is Nat texting me the address?"
"Hmm," Clint hums thoughtfully as he appears back at Steve's side. "He seems in a much better mood this morning. I'm glad to see he's moved on from trying to displace us. You seem to have won him over."
Thor gives him a brilliant smile, looking eons younger.
"Tony and Steve are blind to what's right in front of them – but fortunately, I have a plan," Natasha informs them.
Tony either doesn't hear him, or chooses to ignore him as he all but crawls into the oven. Steve can't see what he's doing, but he hears clanging and scraping.
They fall into an easy routine, and before Steve really realises it, Tony has become a regular part of his life and it's hard to imagine what the shop would be like without Tony coming in.
Behind them, Tony hears Thor cry out, and he thinks that's the end of it, Thanos got in a lucky strike and Thor is down, and they're doomed. But a second later, lightning flashes and he hears another, more desperate cry – this time from Thanos. Tony whirls around, in time to see Thor bleeding profusely on shaky feet, and Thanos kneeling on the ground, a scorched axe wound gouging his head.
"So that it's not
"So," Bucky says without preamble. "We have a problem."
“Not that I’m complaining,” Steve says, changing the subject, “but what are you doing here?”
It's as if the universe is intentionally taunting him. He's already out of sorts, stressed, upset, emotional, and now, to top it all off, he's stuck for the night in a Honeymoon Suite, with the man that he's definitely not pining over. He can already hear Rhodey taunting him about it. Stupid best friends. Speaking of Rhodey, he should probably text him and let him know that he's okay. He's got a few unanswered messages on his phone, and they have a deal to check in with each other once they've arrived safely where they're going. Rhodey is going to hit the panic zone shortly. He takes thirty seconds and fires off a message, leaving out the part about crashing the car, because really, Rhodey doesn't need to worry that much when there isn't a damn thing that he can do. He'll call Rhodey in the morning and ask for a pick up. And then promptly glare him to death if he dreams of saying anything about Steve and Tony sharing a room. A room that only has one bed. Because Honeymoon Suite.
been a little hard on her ribs.
At some point, Steve dozes in the chair beside Tony's bed. He wakes up with the realization that he's not alone in the room.
date after finally hooking up, and where they’d come back to countless times since then.
Tony waves his hand out again with a flick of his wrist. "I won't shake your hand because oven grease, but good to meet you. I'll enjoy putting a face to the name later." His voice is echoing a little bit in the big empty oven.
"Hey, uncalled for," Tony protests, but Rhodey steamrolls over him.
+++++
“Living the dream,” Steve responds wistfully.
"What? Tony, no," Steve said with an abortive step forward. If Tony didn't know better, he'd think Steve actually wanted him around here.
"He's just at the end of the hall, Pepper, but he's still unconscious," Rhodey says, sounding breathless as he tries to keep up with her.
Steve had never had the time to apologize. No, that's not true. He'd never
"Now gimme sugar," Tony says, and Steve dutifully leans forward and pecks his lips with a kiss. He pulls back, grinning, and hands Tony the cannoli.
“We fought, didn’t we. When we met,” Steve asks one morning over coffee.
Steve shakes his head. "Nah, it's fine. You say they're good, then they're good. I'm happy to have them – unless they specifically want the interview experience."
"He hasn't been into the shop since the day they went on that trip. Did something happen? Does he all of sudden just, not like Steve or something? I mean, I wouldn't believe that for a second, but honestly, I don't know what else to think right now."
"Well, I'm glad you approve."
"What? No, Rhodey, now you're
“Don’t worry, I talked to the team. Everything is okay now.” Tony cocked his head questioningly. “I told them they didn’t need to worry, I was capable of looking out for my own feelings, thank you very much. And-” Steve’s eyes darkened as they slowly raked down Tony’s chest, and he moved his hands so they were holding firmly on Tony’s hips, “-I told them it wasn’t
