“If that’s ‘average’ then that would make me average and trust me, I’m well above average and considering that we’re of a size that means that you’re not average either.”
“Oh. God…” Sherlock moaned.
“I’ll lead you out, Mrs Watson.”
Baker Street
“It won’t hurt. I promise!”
“I assume that you’re fine with this, John?” Sherlock asked a bit condescendingly.
“Yeah. That’s exactly what I’m doing. Just, get on top so we can finish and I can go back to reading the paper.”
And those were the last words spoken for quite awhile.
“Nice touch!” John said and rained down the remaining six smacks in short order.
“Fuck! Fuck! I’m coming! I’m coming, John. Oh my god! Oh my god!”
“Don’t be such a baby.”
“That’s it? There’s nothing else?” Sherlock asked in exasperation.
“What makes you think that?” Sherlock asked trying to hide his nervousness.
They both began to duck walk over to where they’d been hiding behind a hill before the ambush. So far, Private Sturges was the only one down but the shots were coming fast and furious and John had already called in for an evac so that they could get back to base without losing a man.
“This is all my fault! I’m so sorry! It never occurred to me that you didn’t drink espresso. I should have called you and asked,” Sebastian said worriedly.
“Took the hit…are you saying that you did that on purpose?!”
“Very good! Only fourteen more to go…so long as you do what you’re told.”
“Becca,” Sherlock said in disgust.
Sherlock pulled Moriarty close to his face and whispered, “I’m serious, don’t touch him.” Sherlock let go of his lapels and shoved him back in his chair.
Putting his mobile back into his jacket pocket, he whistled the same tune that Sebastian had been whistling as he’d been leaving. It was familiar and John had been wracking his brains trying to remember what it was.
“Of course I do. It’s why I moved us over here after all. Just lean back, close your eyes and try to relax.”
“You’re gorgeous. You know that Sherlock, don’t you?”
“Who’s John Watson?”
“Is there anything I can do to convince you?” Sherlock asked, pushing his cock against John’s arse.
“What happened to it when Sherlock hit it? Do you need an ambulance? Sally, call the medics.”
“It’s in the loo.”
Sympathy For The Devil begins playing…
“What?” Mycroft snapped as he opened the car door.
“I’d think that three or four days should do it. He’s lost a lot of blood as well as having a hysterectomy. We were able to save the ovaries but I’m afraid that the uterus was torn beyond repair.”
“Why didn’t you tell me that the medication was wearing off, you big baby.”
“Yes, sweetheart,” John said, unbuttoning Sherlock’s trousers and slowly sliding down the zip.
“I’ll be the judge of that,” said Sherlock.
“No. It’s not that, it’s…” Sherlock began.
“What am I going to do, John? I feel so lost. I want her back.  Why did she have to go? Why?” Sherlock sobbed, a slight touch of hysteria rising in his voice.
“I haven’t had such a good time since…,” John began.
“Oh, yes. I know. He can’t be let loose on the general population when he’s worried about John. We already know where John is and I hear that the paramedics are there now getting him ready for transport. Your delicious DI Lestrade is there too.” Irene said knowingly.
“Address, Mycroft.”
“No one’s ever touched this gorgeous cock?” John asked, amazed.
“As I said,” Sherlock said, ignoring John, “I need a doctor, you have a doctor…
“Well, not really,” John said, running a hand through his gray-blond hair a bit sheepishly.
“That’s none of your business,” Mycroft said primly.
“Well, I need a doctor…”
“Wait. How could you know any of that?” John asked, nonplussed.
“Never mind, just briefly breaking the fourth wall to let people know that the writer realizes the “but I’m not gay” trope has been done to death in these fics.”
“PILA!”
“No. You need rest and liquids if you’re going to get better. Here,” John said, handing Sherlock two paracetamol and a glass of cold water.
John reached in front of Sherlock to pull the loosely tied sash of his robe through the loops with a flourish.
“That’s ridiculous, John. We’ve rubbed our members together. Masturbated each other - both to completion I might add. You weren’t hesitant in the least. Actually, I’d say you were the aggressor.”
“Shouldn’t you be at work right now?” The bartender asked solicitously.
“Oh, you know. Tricks of the trade. A little mountain climbing experience…or I used your secret path that even Mycroft doesn’t know about.”
“Go ahead. I don’t care,” Sherlock said dejectedly.
He’d just finished making the Y incision when he felt the same chill run up his spine that he’d felt when Sherlock Holmes had seemed to appear out of thin air. The man was a pompous arse but had impressed John with his quick diagnostic capabilities although that didn’t mean that it was anything more than a lucky guess. John didn’t think so but only time would tell.
John could smell the cigarette smoke as soon as he opened the front door. Racing up the stairs, he entered the flat, eyes instantly going to Sherlock’s favorite smoking spot but he wasn’t there.
Sherlock annoying John, as usual.
Sherlock took a minute to look down and admire John’s sleeping form. He’d kicked off the covers at some point and they were barely hanging onto his hip. He’d gone to bed naked and Sherlock ran a hand gently along the crest of said hip enjoying the smoothness. He then reached up and ran his fingers through John’s hair. It was soft and fell back into place as soon as Sherlock removed his hand.
“John! You’ve killed our son!” Mrs Watson said, running down the stairs to see how badly injured John was.
More scratching.
Wednesday 7:30pm
“You always have to have the last word, don’t you, Mycroft.” Sighing, Sherlock exited the government building and caught a cab to 221B planning to work on Moriarty’s murders. He’d been suspiciously quiet since their conversation over coffee and Sherlock sensed that was about to change, hence the meeting with Mycroft.
They walked to the elevator, incoming staff looking at their bloodied faces and wondering what the hell had happened. There was no way that they were going to ask though. They didn’t want to get involved.
“He was hinting around that he’d have me killed if I fell out of line!” John yelled, his mobile chiming simultaneously.
“Not exactly. My partner is pressuring me to move in with him but we haven’t been seeing each for long so…”
“You’re a little too close this time, Sherlock. I can feel you out there.
“What’s funny?”
Truly yours,
“John, you did all of this in just under a week? I would have known had you started sooner. I’m assuming that you paid some awful forfeit to get Mycroft to help with this?”
“If you say so,” John said, checking out his environment which seemed to be the sub level of a parking garage. He had no idea how you’d go about keeping an entire garage secure and frankly, didn’t give a damn. After a two hour drive to god knew where, and an hour interrogation of his background, he just wanted to go home.
“God, I hope so. Safe word, please.”
“Even better. When do we start?”
“Rest assured that I’ll be deleting both those words as soon as I can concentrate on something other than my cock.”
Monday
“Did you like them?”
“Yeah, I know but…Hey. Do you know what?” John said, abruptly changing the subject. “After all of this time, you should really call me John. I actually don’t stand much on the practice of addressing people by their first names while they only address me by my title. Outside of business or the military, of course.”
Watson Household
“Propofol. It was the safest thing to give him to keep him asleep for the three days,” Moran replied.
“Like I’ve been stomped on and thrown down a flight of stairs. And you, mum? How are you doing?”
“That wasn’t so bad now, was it?” Sebastian asked, covering the site of the incision with a clear adhesive bandage.
Dinner…
Turns out that there's going to be a chapter six before THE END. I couldn't help it. I didn't want to break up their marathon chat.
“He’s wasting time that would be better served elsewhere,” Sherlock said, giving John a sultry look.
Sherlock opened the drawer and grabbing the lube, he tapped on John’s left leg to get him to move it up which he did with little prompting, thank god.
“Anderson?” John said.
“Honestly. Pick a name then. Is it ‘Moron’ or ‘idiot?’ I can’t be expected to remember such minor details.”
“On you’re knees. Now, Sherlock!” Sherlock scrambled quickly to his knees.
At first I just tried fantasizing about different sexual situations and although that caused my penis to become erect, I was unable to orgasm. It was very frustrating.”
“But we’re Mates, we should be together. That’s how it’s always done. If you’re lucky enough to have found a Mate, the next step is cohabitation. It’s the natural progression of finding a Mate.” Sherlock’s fangs dropped down and he grazed John’s neck, hesitating when he reached the part of the artery where he could feel where John’s heart beat the fastest.
“Did I make your dream come true?”
“A man is dead, John. Would a little decorum be too much to ask. This person was a living, breathing human not that long ago.”
Raising his right arm, John said, “Get over here, you manipulative bastard. For some reason I still feel compelled to hold you in my arms while we fall asleep.”
“Why not a woman?” Asked Lestrade.
John smoothed one hand along the firm muscle of Sherlock’s hip until he reached his surprisingly erect penis which he grasped in his fist and Sherlock immediately started fucking it.
“Oh no,” John said.
“I love you too but I know I’ll never make a wager with you again.”
Sherlock nodded.
For those of you who've waited for over a year for me to finish this, I really appreciate your patience. There were times that I felt that I'd never be able to get back to it but I did and here were are.
Lifting John’s legs, he helped to slowly lay them down, followed by maneuvering his upper body gently onto the table. John groaned in pain.
“We’ll, uh, be going now,” Greg said, grabbing Mycroft by the suit coat and pulling along towards the door behind him.
“What’s he talking about?”
Didn’t they realize that Sherlock would check every body bag leaving the hospital? He wouldn’t even have to open the bag, he’d just sense him and that’d be it. He’d thought that this Moriarty was supposed to be a genius.
"What would you like for tomorrow's game, John?"
Sherlock had waited as long as he could stand and then he just shoved his way into the hospital, ignoring anyone in his way.
“Honestly John. Do you really think that I’d perform surgery on you just to kill you? Besides, Sherlock wouldn’t like it if we killed you, I know that the boss definitely wouldn’t be happy, so just behave and hopefully you’ll get out of this alive.”
“But…”
“Do tell. What’s my problem?”
John also liked the man himself. He usually came in to clean up hazardous waste from the lab and the morgue every night around 11:00pm. He always brought a cup of coffee for John and himself and so long as John had the time, stayed to chat until only the dregs in the bottom of their cups remained.
“As part the British government, he keeps a tight grip on my whereabouts at any given moment. Wouldn’t want me to embarrass him…I’ll understand if you’ve changed your mind. I don’t want to be around him either but I can’t seem to escape.” Sherlock said bitterly.
“Well, I know that now. It was still enjoyable from beginning to end. For the first time in possibly decades, I was happy to be with another person so I indulged myself. I’m sorry if you’re offended,” Sherlock said sincerely.
“Right. Now, where were we?” John asked in between panting breaths.
“Could you please hurry up with your clever deductions? As you can see,” Sherlock gestured towards the commode filled with the remains of his cigarettes, “I’ve been waiting quite a long time for you to return home. You can lecture me later. At the moment, I’m in quite a bit of pain so if you could move it along and use your healing powers, I’d be much obliged.”
“I can take care of myself!” John huffed.
“Almost forgot to wash my hands. Be right back.”
“Yes.”
“See? All done.”
“And I called you “Dhamphir” and you acted like you didn’t know what that meant?”
“I’m not even going to ask you how you know that. I don’t think that Irene would appreciate my departure. I’m her number one generator of income here,” John hedged.
“I don’t know.” Seemed like the safest answer to John. He wasn’t getting Bill involved in this. He didn’t even know that John was pregnant. Harry had only found out because she walked in on him in his bedroom while he was looking at the blue result on the test stick and that was it. The fireworks started.
Sherlock was still for a moment, contemplating what to do, finally he turned to John and said, “I’m afraid that I can’t do that John. I don’t mind exposing my intelligence but I’m very particular about who sees my naked body,” Sherlock finished primly.
“Yes, Lestrade. Women steal too,” Sherlock said condescendingly.
“Becca!” Sebastian said, this time putting more urgency in his voice.
John looked up from the kitchen table where he’d been peacefully reading the paper and enjoying a cuppa until Sherlock came bounding in with all of his energy and talk of eggs.
“Well?” John asked.
“Insignificant,” sniffed Sherlock.
“Sebby. You’re so good to me! What would I do without you?” Moriarty said, giving Moran a quick hug. Uncapping the other line connected to John’s Port, Moriarty took a long draw of the mainline connection to John’s heart’s blood, eyes closing in bliss.
“Right on time. Come in.” Watson said smiling and gestured for Sherlock to precede him into the room.
Taking a minute to survey the damage, Mrs Hudson gave Sherlock a stern look and said, “ You know that you’re not supposed to smoke. It’s bad for your health.” She admonished.
Sebastian Moran was sitting in his recliner enjoying a beer and watching some mindless gameshow on the telly. He wasn’t getting John until Monday night and was just biding his time, waiting for Sherlock to show up and try to get answers out of him. It was all part of the plan to throw Sherlock off the trail.
“I don’t care what you believe. I had nothing to do with drugging that coffee. John and I are friends.”
“Hold me?” Sherlock asked pleadingly.
“It seems that he’s just staying home…”
“Oh, believe me, I know. I’m very cautious. You take care.” John said, a little shudder running down his spine.
“Give it here,” John demanded.
“Thanks. I was dated this Indian bird once and she taught me all about Holi. We went to market and there were open sacks of colorful powders and she told me what each one meant only she didn’t say them in English so I also learned the name of the colors in Hindi as well. Some stuff just sticks with you, I guess.”
“I promise! Now, hand?”
“Quit talking and cooperate. I’m finding that this gay thing isn’t as awful as I thought it would be.” John said, pulling Sherlock by his partially unzipped trousers into his bedroom and shoving him back against the duvet.
Putting his hand on John’s shoulder, the doctor said;
“Just that you come back to bed with me,” Sherlock said, all innocence.
John opened his mouth to ask a question.
Suddenly, Sherlock wanted nothing more than to sink his cock into John’s heat. He was always incredibly horny when he solved a case. Day or night. It didn’t matter. He wanted in John and he wanted in now, which John usually obliged. It wasn’t looking good for tonight though. ‘Unacceptable!’ he thought again.
“Why don’t I take you to the pub. Buy you a drink or two. It’s the least I can do to make up for Sherlock…well, being Sherlock.” Lestrade said.
John took another sip and shuddered. ‘God. How do people drink this stuff?’ It was so bitter and strong and it was a double shot besides? He wouldn’t have continued drinking it but didn’t want to insult Sebastian. Especially considering all the trouble he’d gone to to pick it up, not to mention the expense. Still, John knew that there was no way he’d be able to drink the entire cup. It was huge! And god awful.
“So, are you telling me that from the beginning, you were never in a glamor?” John asked, annoyed.
“Of course I’ve looked at it.”
“Even better! We can complain! See you tomorrow,” Sebastian said, pushing the cart down the aisle.
The spare bedroom in the flat will be ready for Doctor Watson’s use within the next two hours. He doesn’t seem the fashion plate type so the lack of closet space won’t bother him.
“Yeah. I was really sorry to hear about that.” Mike said sincerely.
They heard the wheels in the hallway stop in front of the room and then Harriet was brought in looking decidedly pale and exhausted from giving birth.
“Ok. I’m only going to say this once. If you ever, and I do mean EVER come within spitting distance of Sherlock, I will hurt you.  If you even touch him, I will fuck you up beyond all repair. Don’t talk to him unless it’s work related and even then, be on your best behavior. Have I made myself clear?”
Sherlock lay down at the bottom of the bed and scissored his legs between John’s. Placing the head of his cock at John’s opening, he slowly eased in until he was completely surrounded by the heat of John’s arse.
“Amazing,” John said.
Irene looked up from viewing an accounting report on her iPad and saw Sherlock Holmes standing by the counter, waiting for an escort to his latest…what? Victim? Test case? He had a very specific request and although she had a large male staff on hand, he’d been through a third of them already. It was becoming more and more difficult each visit to take him as a client. They’d seen the bruises, blackened eyes, and sprained wrists that a session with Sherlock Holmes could cost them both physically and financially and determined that it was too costly ton continue. The majority had come to the conclusion that it wasn’t worth the money to try and satisfy the insatiable, and it was a lot of money. However, she never forced anyone to take a client. Irene felt that your work should be pleasurable, otherwise why bother?
John then undid his own belt, pushed his trousers down - to hell with his shoes and socks - and lay his hot cock against Sherlock’s who moaned in response.
He put the kettle on and told Sherlock he’d “be right back.” Then went to the lav, opened his medical bag, unwrapped a syringe and picked up a bottle that he only used in emergencies. Drawing up enough Lorazepam to knock out a horse he went back to the living room and stood before Sherlock, syringe held openly in his hand.
“Easy. ‘No, John. I  So you thought, what? That I was some kind of magician then?” John spat.
Saturday, 10pm
“I know you probably won’t believe this but I’m truly sorry that you had a bad reaction to the coffee. That’s going to bother me for a long time.”
“I swear I’m going to kill that woman one day.”
“Yes, but what if it’s not enough? What if I forget her voice? What if I forget how she looks, John?! People say that happens! What kind of son would I be if I can’t remember her and yet at the same time, I can’t stop myself from wishing I’d already forgotten her and I feel terrible for thinking that but I can’t seem to stop.”
John awoke the next morning not remembering where he was or who had their arms wound tightly about him. Keeping his eyes closed, he tried to remember whom he might have gone home with and came up empty. Well, this was embarrassing. That hadn’t happened in years. He was naked so he doubted it was a chaste night.
“Fine. I’ll bite. What killed him?”
And, Sherlock? He was a master of multi-tasking. He could plot while getting his cock sucked.
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.” Sherlock replied, a bit smugly in John’s opinion.
"I know you're smiling back there, John!"
Sympathy For The Devil begins playing again…
Sweet John,
“If the sounds are anything to go by, I’d say that he was well on the road to recovery.
“Are we done here? I don’t know what you’re trying to accomplish but I’ve had enough.”
Mycroft was in no way fat and he knew it. He’d been heavy as a child but had worked hard, still worked hard, at keeping the extra weight at bay. Still, it was one of Mycroft’s weaknesses that Sherlock knew and exploited at every opportunity. That and being wrong - about anything. Sherlock enjoyed nothing better than driving home one of his barbs. Mycroft rarely made an error so attacking his weight was the next best thing and it hit its mark every time.
“Of course. A bored Doctor Watson is a dangerous Doctor Watson and we can’t have that now, can we? Come along, Doctor Watson, your chariot awaits.”
“Do you believe me?” John asked.
“Really?”
“Oh, no sir. I couldn’t. I got that for you.”
“Let’s go to your bedroom,” Becca said, wiggling her eyebrows, heading in that direction as if she’d been to the flat several times, which, in fact, she had.
John begrudgingly sat back down.
“Your shoulders must be killing you by now. If I untie you, do you promise to behave yourself?”
“But your fantasy is to be penetrated,” John stated.
— MH”
“No. I told you what to do and you’ll do it.” John said angrily.
“And?”
“I’ve been standing here staring at you for the past 10 minutes waiting for you to open your eyes and talk to me. There’s no way that you didn’t notice me, closed eyes or no.”
“What’s his name going to be?” Bob asked begrudgingly.
“First of all, it’s Doctor Watson and I’m also a surgeon,” John replied indignantly.
Standing slowly and taking an aggressive stance, John said, “No. I don’t think I’ll be doing that. You’re at a crime scene. My crime scene which, as you seem to be a civilian, do not belong. Take yourself off before I do it for you,” John said, equally seriously and just as deadly.
“Here we are,” Irene stood in front the third door along the hallway and rapped three times. The door was immediately opened by a man of 5’9 tall, with cropped sandy blond hair, a shock of completely white hair in the front.
“But the frottage. The masturbation. You must agree that they were both amazing.”
She gave him a sultry gaze taking him in from his Italian handmade shoes to his artfully mussed curly black hair and bit her lip. Yes. Olivia was going to be occupied tonight.
“Ew!”
“We’re talking about it now, John.”
Pushing open the door to his flat, John gave one last look at Sherlock, saying;
John closed the front door of the flat behind him, large manilla envelope in his left hand.
“Yes. Just don’t want to,” Sherlock ground out.
“Not in bed you’re not,” John said, leaning in to capture Sherlock’s mouth again in a searing kiss.
“Oh. Obviously.”
“If you insist,” Sherlock stepped up his game paying particular attention to working John’s prostate on the downstroke of Sherlock’s hand on his penis.
The man was new; he’d only had the job for a month but John had been impressed right away by his dedication to keeping the labs and offices pristine and sanitized. The hazardous waste containers were emptied every night - that seemed obvious in an area where biohazards were handled daily but John had worked in places where the sharps boxes were over flowing with discarded needles and bloody laundry still waiting to be picked up. No. Even though this man was “just doing his job” he was exceptionally thorough and John sincerely appreciated it.
“I just saw you read the title.” Mycroft said, already exasperated.
“Then I thought, ‘I’ve been going about this all wrong, I need to use a different word to orgasm and that turned out to be the key. I repeat one word over and over in my mind until I’m fully erect, and then I repeat another word until I orgasm. Obviously by then, it doesn’t take as long a chant to achieve results.”
“Does your family know that you’re enlisting today?”
John felt his trousers growing uncomfortably tight. He wasn’t…he WAS! He was getting hard from just a whisper. No! He tried to push Sherlock away but he didn’t get very far.
“Well, what a sweet talker. How can I say no to that? You know I’m not a young man anymore, Sherlock. I can’t come twice within 10 minutes like a teenager.”
1:30am
“Good man,” John said, patting the same injured shoulder.
“Then, my dear Gregory, I’ll show you…”
“‘SH.” It’s Sherlock’s book?!” Becca said, slightly shocked.
“It seems that you’re cock disagrees,” John said as he squeezed the tight flesh.
“Who’s the victim?” John asked, puzzled.
“Yum! Well, wouldn’t want to kill you just yet so, laterz!  Come along, Seb.”
Sherlock’s mobile buzzed and saw that it was Mycroft calling.
“I swear to god, if you start singing ‘American Pie’ I won’t be responsible for the beating you’re going to get.” John said, annoyed anew.
“There you go! That wasn’t so hard now, was it!” Sherlock said to a John Watson who was by now, barely controlling his annoyance.
John knelt behind Sherlock. He was about to shoot his load and he wanted to be deeply inside of him before that happened.
“Let’s move against the far wall between those crates. If someone is watching, the most they’ll be able to see will be our heads and shoulders. Come on.” John began walking backwards across the alley, tugging Sherlock along by his belt loops.
“John? I saw him last night. I see him every night. Facilities. Housekeeping. He works the night shift so I can’t help but run into him. Nice bloke. Is something wrong with him? He wasn’t feeling well last night. I told him that I’d call him a cab but he said that he had too much work to do and couldn’t leave yet. He assured me that he’d take a break and would be fine. Apparently espresso doesn’t agree with him.”
“God. Don’t be an arse. Do you have an answer?”
“Always getting into trouble requiring his lover to save him. Why, once in Belgravia, he even managed to get himself drugged…”
John still wants more information about his abilities. Sherlock's tired of explaining them to him.
‘Come on, Neely girl! Pull your shit together!’ Becca wiggled herself into a comfortable position in the chair, put the book in her lap and began to read.
“Sorry, sir. Won’t happen again.” Anderson stammered.
“I can’t move my arm very far, it hurts too much!” Anderson whined.
“I’m embarrassed to say that I might have a bit of performance anxiety.”
Sweet Sherlock,
“Ooh. Someone’s in love!”
Still, he kept a tiny spark of hope alive in a room in the Palace set aside for the things that he considered to be too ridiculous allow himself think about. But in the back of his mind, a little voice whispered ‘what if they aren’t ridiculous?’ So they remained intentionally hidden from himself but readily accessible just incase the day should come where something surprised him. Because of this, it was a very small room.
Taking a deep breath, John prepared himself to ask the question;
“I know you like this too,” John slid a hand slowly inside the front of Sherlocks trousers and, finding no pants, gripped his cock firmly causing Sherlock to sigh.
“The minute that I set eyes on you, I knew that I wanted you, however, I’m not very, um…good in the sexuality department. I wasn’t going to do anything besides interviewing you.”
“Oh, not me, dear. I have a hip, you know. Time for another herbal soother. The first one has worn off.
“Sebastian?”
Turning onto his side, John replied; “No.” And fell into blissful oblivion while Sherlock talked on until finally giving up in disgust and leaving to hopefully wrap up his latest case.
“That’s better! I wanted you to see what good care I’m taking of you! I always clean up after myself and I never let food go to waste,” Moriarty said beginning to lick every last drop of blood that had landed on John’s skin. When he was done, he leaned back to admire his work and smiled.
“What? Oh, yes. They popped it right back into the socket. No problem.”
“Will, what kind of half arsed chairs are these?” John asked, annoyed.
“Well,” John said, opening the nightstand drawer and pulling out some lube.
“Well, I don’t think that John’s going to be leaving us anytime soon.” Harry said in a conspiratorial whisper while raising a finger signaling that she wanted a pint.
Not beta'd. Not Brit picked. Will edit obsessively at a later date, as usual.
“I’m awfully good.”
“Thank you.”
“Could you please spare a moment from looking at your cock so that we can talk?” John asked, getting angry again.
“Wouldn’t John have been able to scent him? Sense him?” Mycroft asked seemingly astounded.
“Yes, sir. No problem. I’ll be back before you know it,” Sebastian said, already opening the door.
"Hmm?"
“The was no old lady, Sherlock. She was an example.” Greg said, exasperated.
“Not happening.”
Sherlock was paying for the pleasure of interviewing a prostitute. Sort of. He’d charged it to Mycroft’s black AMEX and made the appointment with Doctor Watson without either guilt or regret.
“I’m not walking away, I just want to take things slow.”
“Your mother didn’t want you but your grandmother did so they - your grandmother - determined that the best way to handle this ‘born above the blankets’ scandal was to falsify the names of your parents on your birth certificate. Although if it had been up to your grandfather, you would have been given up for adoption. And had it been up to Harriet, you wouldn’t be here at all. Are we clear so far?”
Mycroft, making a show of lifting the pocket watch chained to his vest, popped the cover open, glanced at the time before closing it with an audible snap and arranging it neatly from whence it came.
That peaked Sherlock’s interest although he didn’t allow it to show on his face.
“I know that this will sound trite but it really is true; Mrs Hudson will live on in our hearts forever. She didn’t suffer. She passed in her sleep…”
How had the murderer…what? Taken? Suctioned? Removed? Syphoned? All of that blood. Around 5,700 milliliters - without spilling a drop - from each man. Sherlock thought back to the state of the victim’s throats. Well, almost without spilling a drop. He was fairly confident that the damage was caused to intentionally hide the evidence of the type of weapon used but even then; the damage seemed…excessive.
“Pfft. Paracetamol. What’s that going to do?”
“It’s easy to tell who the ‘man’ in this relationship is! Here’s a hint: It’s not you! All you’re good for is playing doctor and sucking his cock!”
He undressed down to his vest and pants, keeping an ear out for any complaints from Sherlock. Not that he would go back out there. No. He wouldn’t be doing that.
“It’s really bad though!”
“Lay with me?” Sherlock asked.
“Not as much to do tonight for some reason. Reckon it’s due to the long weekend coming up,” Sebastian said, handing John his coffee.
“What are you talking about? We’ve never discussed this!” John said.
“That was completely unintentional, truly. Ok, get closer. You need to almost be on top of me to completely appreciate the…I did it again right there, didn’t I?”
Sherlock had always thought that a “honeymoon”was some sort of vacation that newlyweds were forced to take once they were wed but if all it entailed was him being on his best behavior for a month or two until John was well and truly captured, he could do that. He thought he could do that. Well, maybe not for two months. Maybe one? Two weeks? That was more than reasonable! John couldn’t possibly expect to still be in the honeymoon phase after he’d moved in, could he? Actually, as far as Sherlock was concerned, the honeymoon phase was over once John moved in. Sherlock had him and could immediately go back to being himself. John had to know how this worked; better than Sherlock, at least.
Sherlock came forcefully, his hole milking John’s cock. John couldn’t have stopped himself if he’d tried. He’d never felt anything like this before. Sherlock’s muscle flexing around his cock, forcing him to come. It felt amazing and he knew that he wanted to have this man again as soon as possible.
“Tough words coming from a person putting herself up on the cross not five minutes ago.”
‘John knows! John knows! That’s impossible!’ Sherlock thought.
Still no sound from Sherlock other than the occasional sigh and moan. John removed his mouth from Sherlock’s cock.
“That’s the last of it,” John said, dropping the remaining piece of the splinter into the tray.
“Oh, and look how dedicated he is. Sorry, doc, this is the one that got away but by all means, give it your best shot,” Jim said, laughing again.
“Oh! That sounds lovely! Let’s do that!”
Will set the telephone back onto its receiver.
“Wouldn’t you like to get some relief?”
St Bart’s Lab
“I imagine that your first question is about how I could possibly know so much about you. That’s easy; I’ve been waiting for a new coroner to be hired at St Bart’s for months now. The minute that you were hired, I had your background investigated. Although it said nothing of your being a Dhamphir. My brother will hear from me over this lack of critical information.” Sherlock frowned.
Going back to unpack the rest of the bag on the kitchen table, he pulled out more IV tubing and saline solution for John to keep his heart rate up. Sebastian new that it was already being sorely overtaxed by Jim’s careless mishandling of his…dinner.
“Yeah. What of it? It’s a little late for a visit, isn’t it?” Moran asked, sounding indignant.
Pulling John closer with his right leg, Sherlock began rubbing his cock against John’s. John, who was beyond excited at this point, removed his fingers from Sherlock’s arse, added more lube to his hand and coated his cock liberally.
THERE ISN'T ANY SEX IN THIS FIC YET.
“But I went over this with you the other day…” Sherlock started.
“Since you both so clearly want me to go to the roof, let’s go.” Sherlock headed towards the window with the fire escape.
“I wasn’t kidding, Doctor Watson. Hurt my brother in any way and you’ll be dead by morning. And it won’t be an easy or quick death. I’ll personally see to it.”
“I love you THIS much!” Jim said, opening his arms so wide that he practically fell out of bed causing Sebastian to rushing back to his side.
“I see, well, while I appreciate the sentiment I despise being messy. I can’t walk home with lube drying on my cock.”
Sherlock looked at the open end of the alley and waited. When he didn’t see any movement, he looked in the other direction which was just at a bend and he couldn’t see around it. He looked up and checked the walls for windows but there were none.
“What?”
“Totally unnecessary, I assure you. We are well aware of how intelligent you are, John. Aren’t we, Lestrade?” Sherlock asked while still tugging on John’s arm.
John let Sherlock’s cock fall out of his lips gracelessly and asked with barely veiled impatience, “Yes?”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s better to use this time to relax. You’ll learn what’s in store for you soon enough,” Moran said, walking away from John.
“I’m not letting you put any IVs into me before you tell me what’s going on.
Sherlock turned back and grabbed Moriarty by his lapels pulling him roughly up and out of his chair.
Smiling down at John, a sudden intense possessiveness fell over Sherlock: He’d kill anyone who dared lay a hand on his Mate, he vowed. Then he slowly fell asleep, happily wrapped in each others arms, both dreaming. John of their next kiss, and Sherlock of keeping John safe from all harm.
“You don’t want to start anything with me, Watson, because after I finish kicking your arse, I’m going to break your boyfriend’s nose just for the satisfaction of it. Oh, and I won’t be pulling any punches like I would with a cripple.”
“Ah. Avoiding someone at home? I know how that is,” Sebastian said knowingly.
“Really? I wonder why?” John mused.
“How would that even work?” Sherlock asked in disbelief.
December 9
“Stay the fuck away from Sherlock. Got it?”
John eased out, and slid back picking up the pace on each thrust until he was pounding Sherlock into the headboard.
“Playtime’s over. Read it yourself,” Sherlock said, slapping the script against John’s stomach.
Once Sherlock was free and tried to subtly shake the pins and needles out of his limbs, John was pulling him towards him using his hips as guides.
“But…but…pigeons!” Mrs Hudson said.
"Shh..." I hushed him.
“Yes but it’s not as bad as I thought it would be.”
TWACK! TWACK! TWACK! TWACK! John was correct; a wet hand was definitely worse than a dry one.
“Now what are you doing?” Sherlock asked a little breathlessly.
“Awe. They’re leaving now. No fisticuffs tonight. Seb, find out who that doctor is. I want to know everything about him. I didn’t like the look that he gave Sherlock at the end. Sherlock’s mine! Let’s go!”
I can’t wait to see you and I’ll be there with bells on.
“He didn’t seem confused but he was definitely upset. I need to let you know that we’ve taken pictures of John’s injuries, including the boot print. We’ll try to get John to press charges - you know this wasn’t an accident…”
“Please don’t let my brother ruin this for us,” Sherlock said, eyes shining.
“On what?” John asked, this time looking into Sherlock’s lovely eyes.
“Fine. Your gonna have to untie me first to get my trousers off,” Sherlock said trying to look innocent.
“Isn’t that convenient. I’m assuming that the man was already dead and that, ‘Mister’ Watson, didn’t wait until he could become a “patient” of his?” Sherlock sneered.
“It’s true.”
Sherlock leaned his head back against John’s shoulder and said,
“I’ve been working on that one for a few months. Sounds convincing, yeah?”
“So. Move in with me.” Sherlock stated baldly once the’d gotten out of the shower and were both in the process of dressing.
“Moriarty?” John felt that that should have come out a little more forcefully than the whisper with which it had.
“That’s right, pull your trousers down, love. I mean to fuck you right here.”
“Wait. You’re getting married?!” Sherlock exclaimed.
"You're not going to get me to give up that easily!" Sherlock said, exasperated.
“Sorry sir. It was… It was an emergency.”
“What was that?”
“But it hasn’t even really started yet,” Sherlock said, despising the note of pleading that had crept into his voice.
“I’m getting wet, John. It will ruin my tux.”
“Well, I was just wondering when was the last time you were on a rooftop.” John stated lamely.
Sherlock’s head was down, shoulder’s hunched, hands in his pockets. He looked positively miserable.
“No. I don’t think so,” John said, shoving said mobile into his back pocket.
“Too late! I’m already up here. So, don’t know who the Alpha is, eh? Spread your legs so much you can’t remember? Tramp! I don’t want you in my house!”
All of the victims were murdered here on the bank of the Thames. And how could you convince four individuals that the Thames was a good place to get together? Sex and or drugs, obviously. Of course, there weren’t any witnesses. Not any who were willing to come forward, at least. They’d likely been up to no good here as well.
“Oh. Oh my god! This is, this is…” Sherlock groaned, placing his hand on John’s head, tangling his fingers in his soft hair.
Not Beta'd. Not Brit-picked.
“It’s not far from here. We can catch a taxi and be there in 15 minutes.”
“Better than being in plain view of whomever is spying on us.”
“Alive?” Sherlock’s voice almost sounded tremulous but Mycroft thought he must be imaging things.
Not beta'd. Not Brit picked. Not reviewed at all - even by me. I wanted to post it right away for those who have been patiently waiting for the end. You know, the people who don't give a shit about edits and want the finished story NOW NOW NOW! Warts and all. So, here you go.
“No, John. Wait. The crack investigative staff is going to photograph the scene and I’d like to see them, then the body will be off to the morgue where we’ll be waiting for it.” Sherlock said with barely contained glee.”
“Lean back and let me take care of you,” John said, placing Sherlock’s hands on his head.
“Be careful out there. You never know who or what you might run into, in the dark. It can be dangerous to be on your own at night.”
“Where would I go?” Sherlock said to John’s retreating back.
“Does he know about…” Mrs Watson began.
“Yes?” John replied indulgently.
“Really, John. A nipple for a nipple?”
“I’m sorry to say that we had to remove his uterus to save his life. We couldn’t stop the bleeding and…”
“Sherlock. Don’t start that…” Lestrade said wearily, as if they’d been over this thousands of times before - which they had.
“Sherlock, I’m going to ask you one more time to leave and then I’m going to take you outside and kick your arse six ways to Sunday,” John said belligerently.
“A memento? What for? It won’t bring her back and I just want to close the door behind me and forget about her. I hope her sister just throws it all out. It hurts too much to think about. I can’t bear it.” Sherlock said, turning towards John and wrapping his arms around his shoulders.
Quickly dropping the pack of cigarettes - he knew where they were now, after all - he hurriedly used the slats beneath the bed to pull himself out as quickly as possible lest she catch him out.
“Sorry about earlier. Won’t happen again,” Anderson said, face still a flaming beacon of embarrassment.
“Fine,” Harry huffed, pressing down hard enough to make John gasp before she picked her foot up.
“Sherlock?”
“John,” Sherlock began, “sometimes it really IS the butler.”
“You’re sure? In all the time we’ve been talking, I could have had you settled by now.”
“You’re looking well today, Miss Hooper. Oh. Miss Hooper, Doctor Watson. Doctor Watson, Doctor Molly Hooper, our forensic expert.”
Sherlock
John,
“Not until you apologize.”
“Fuck! Let go of me! You’re breaking my thumb! That’s bloody assault! You saw it, sir!”
“What’s ‘trigger finger’?”
“God fucking dammit, John!” Sherlock stopped to lean against a damp brick wall, hand pressed firmly against his groin.
“Oh. Well, I apologize, your majesty. Do go on.”
“Who’s Greg?” Sherlock asked.
John rolled his eyes heavenward. ‘Lord, give me strength,’ he thought.
“I’m afraid that it is going to hurt when I start cutting though, but hopefully between the morphine and the amount of the other drug remaining in your system, you’ll barely feel a thing. If you’re lucky, you’ll pass out from the pain.
“God. Yes. What?!” Sherlock moaned.
“See you tomorrow, John. Maybe I’ll get us some of that fancy coffee from across the street. Celebrate my pending holiday. And special requests?” Sebastian asked.
“Nah. There’s no place near as nice as this one. Irene protects her staff, keeps them safe. No health worries. Always paid on time. I’d never get that anywhere else. I guess that means I’m retired.”
He placed his slick cock against Sherlock’s entrance and slowly pushed in in one smooth motion.
“How long has it been since someone touched you like this?” John began slowly stroking Sherlock’s cock.
Seeing John immediately head home, Sherlock was embarrassingly caught off guard and had to shuffle to get out in time to keep an eye on John.
“Would you really have done that knowing all the damage that they’d been inflicting?”
“That bastard! I…”
Over these few months, I’ve discovered that you’re very literal and that I should consider my words more carefully when we text. I hope that you’re not actually counting the moments until we can be together again although it’s fine if you are. XOXO
“Let’s go home. I feel the need for a shower followed by some decent take away. The food here is awful.”
“I don’t need a refresher! I know what I saw!” Sherlock said, indignant that he should be questioned.
“Why are you…happy?” Sherlock asked, clearly winded.
“No sir, I’ve been guarding the door just like Doctor Watson told me to,” said the bouncer, the pub owner nodding in agreement. John was well known and well liked in this pub only a few blocks walk from St Bart’s. You couldn’t throw a stone in this pub on a Friday night without hitting some sort of medical personnel.
He’d also been unable to pick up the Chinese food that Jim had requested. He didn’t have time to go shopping for carry out when John could very well be dead at this moment and Seb…well, he wasn’t sure how he’d feel about that but John had been a good friend. Sure, he didn’t know that Moran had only been acting but during their time together, he’d honestly grown to like John and enjoy his company.
“I feel the same way.”
“Then…” John said placing a kiss on Sherlock’s neck.
Anderson mumbled something in reply.
“Right hand, red?” John grinned.
“But they found a way around security. I’m not proud of it but even you must understand that I can’t cover every little nook and cranny on the outside of a building as large as Bart’s.”
Kids fall off of swings all the time. He landed face first on the cobblestones, of course his nose is broken. I told him not to stand up on the seat. You know he doesn’t listen.
“Very good. Now, do you know what a Soul is?”
Sherlock could see, in a clinical way, that the woman was attractive however, he felt not even a hint of interest and this brothel only catered to prominent gay men holding important positions in jobs where homosexuality was not only frowned upon but could lose an election should anyone find out.
John, having already taken care of himself, returned from the loo with one very warm - bordering on hot - flannel and began to gently wipe the residue of their love making from Sherlock’s body.
“I’m going to hold you to that, John Watson.”
“This is a little different, Doctor. The enemy is virtually invisible and you won’t have backup. A team of Moriarty’s thugs are going to be sent after you. You can have all the training in the world but even you won’t be able to defeat a group of vampires attacking you simultaneously. It’s for your own good. We’re just trying to keep you safe. Believe me, you don’t want to be at the mercy of Moriarty. He’d make being a soldier seem like a visit to the spa.”
“John. Now is really not the time for gloating and it doesn’t become you.”
“Not together. They were at either end of the alley although I didn’t see Anderson so that was a bit of a surprise.”
“That’s…that’s good. I feel the…oh!” Sherlock exclaimed when John wrapped a hand around his cock giving it a tight squeeze.
“S’alright. Do you need hospital?”
“I’ve got all the family I need right here,” John said, slamming his hand down on the table. “I’m my own nephew AND cousin. Wait…I think there’s an uncle in there somewhere. Whatever. That doesn’t happen everyday. To me, at least. Actually, I haven’t really taken the time to figure it all out yet. For all I know, I’m my own grandfather too. Every time I try to put it together, I just get a headache.” John said, knocking back another glass of scotch.
“So it would seem,” John said, rolling his eyes heavenward.
This went on for several minutes, unfortunately, we were both too excited to last much longer and there was a sudden eruption during which time I shot my load between Sherlock's arse cheeks and he came in his robe that was between us.
“Hold on a second.” John heard Sherlock whisper.
Lestrade stood there watching as his best consultants had an argument that was growing increasingly nasty while neither paid the slightest attention to the body on the ground that was growing colder by the moment.
“I know. That was a good one. You’re welcome. Come back later for more of the same,” Moriarty said, nestling down in his blankets.
“I know.”
Waisting no more time, John gripped his cock, pressed the head against Sherlock’s tight hole and began to push.
“Seems good,” John said as he reached his middle finger.
“That’s a bit optimistic, in’it? Anderson finding anything.” Sherlock smirked.
John stepped in.
The nurse stepped out of the room carrying the baby in her arms. She recognized the grandparents right away. The man was reserved and looked uncomfortable but the woman already holding her arms out to take the babe. Both were surprisingly young looking. They must have been high school sweethearts. They couldn’t have been more than 39 or 40 years old.
“Don’t be a sore loser, John,” Sherlock said, snuggling up next to John.
“You’re very rude.” John said.
Sherlock leaned over and pulled John close and kissed him passionately.
Turning the handle, John pushed the door open slowly, wincing as the hinges squeaked. Sherlock forbad oiling them, he considered them, along with a couple of creaky stairs up to the flat, to be an excellent warning system.
Wednesday - 1:30am
“No. It’s not.”
“Those statistics are grossly exaggerated.”
“Well, this is um…a special kind of different.”
Friday
“I don’t have an Omega.”
“Let’s wait until you’re feeling better to make that kind of decision, John.”
“Yes. God, yes. Do it!” Sherlock moaned, grinding his erection into the pillow beneath him.
“This person wants me to abuse and rape you. To treat you like you were my property,” John finished awkwardly.
“You won’t bother me again for now. Is there a statute of limitations on how long before you WILL bother me again?”
“Tomorrow, John. Busy,” he said, waving John off as if he was a nuisance. That was it then!
“Many of John’s clients have regularly scheduled appointments with him. They rarely miss a date. Doctor Watson has a strict rule about last minute cancellations. You get one pass but should you repeat it, he’ll drop you off of his schedule until he feels that you’ve learned your lesson. He’s very strict you see, and talented. It’s rare for anyone to be late to an appointment much less miss one.”
“Better. Getting better. So tired though. Morphine? How did you get morphine? And should you even be doing something like that?” John asked anxiously but it was if he was talking in slow motion, each word a struggle to get out.
“Ok. G’night.” John said, hanging his coat on the hook and trudging into the bedroom, closing the door softly behind him.
Sherlock stood, shook his arms out a few times and stretched. Pulling his pajama bottoms up just enough to avoid tripping over them, he obediently went to his bedroom, and removed his robe and pajama bottoms. Then he lay face down on the bed, head resting on his pillow and waited…
John handed the bottle back to Will, saying, “And bring more glasses for my new family!” Gesturing to the empty seats in his booth. “You know what? Never mind. I’ve got it covered,” John said, waving the bartender off.
John had resumed covering his eyes and said,
“Ah. There’s John!” Sherlock said happily.
Sherlock stood impatiently waiting for John’s shift to end. The shift was supposed to be over at midnight and wasn’t John the boss? It usually took John approximately 23 minutes to finish his paper work and another seven minutes to pack up and leave. This could vary by as much as 30 minutes, the unpredictability of which Sherlock found exceedingly irritating.
“All you need to do is face me and lean forward. I’ll take care of the rest.” John said, patting his lap again.
“The Captain’s been shot! Come on, Kinsey, you’re with me! We’re not leaving him here!”
“Good.”
“Good. Good. Just don’t stop.”
“Are you talking to yourself in there?”
“He’s my menace of a brother who won’t keep his fingers out of my pies,” Sherlock huffed.
“Iced water coming right up. You’d better be in that bed when I get back,” John said, exiting the bedroom.
“That’s a fairly brief summary of what my psych eval said on my exit interview at University. So sad about that professor and his paperwork. Everything went up in flames and of course the students were so distraught by his horrible death that they passed everyone’s psychological evaluation.  No proof that says I’m not qualified to get my medical degree. Easy peasey. That poor professor though. Yikes!”
“Do you have any other questions for me? It’s almost half nine and you don’t want to keep Doctor Watson waiting; trust me.”
“I appreciate the thought,” John replied. “But this will do for the moment. You see, I just found out that I was already adopted and am celebrating the news. Cheers!” John held his glass up in a toast and quickly swallowed the scotch, enjoying the burn as it went down his throat.
“In that, we agree. You know what the forfeit is, yes?”
Sherlock had spent several hours at Mycroft’s looking through all of the evidence and had tentatively determined that Moriarty’s cohort had intentionally planned the coffee cup switch. John wouldn’t have a reason to suspect that the other person would drug their own coffee but why make the switch unless John had been suspicious in the first place? Clearly, John knew his kidnapper. This “Seb.” At least casually. Well enough for the vampire to visit John nightly. Was this Seb person meant to be the original target? Sherlock doubted it.
“It’s not a dare,” John said reasonably.
“That’s not an option,” said Sherlock who was leafing through the script again.
“John,” Sherlock said, standing suddenly, barely saving himself from doing a header onto the floor.
“First let me set up this IV before you want to rip my head off.”
“It’s not.”
Sherlock disconnected the call without saying goodbye.
There was a scribbling noise and John watched, slack jawed, as the pen began writing on the paper.
“Did you say something?” Sherlock asked, walking closer.
“I wonder who would have done that, Irene,” Mycroft said suspiciously.
- SH”
“If only you weren’t so delicious, Jackie-boy. Hey! I’m talking to you!” Moriarty said, poking John with his fingers and getting no results.
"Shouldn't you be off running the government? You have a "job" after all." Sherlock sneered.
“I’d hardly call giving you an antihistamine drugging you. You should have looked at the pills before swallowing them,” John said placidly.
“It’s not obvious to me.”
“For chrissakes, Anderson, just leave,” Lestrade said in exasperation.
John gave an exasperated sigh and said, “Must everything be a test of wills with you?”
“Don’t care. Sleeping.
•	Estimated time to consciousness: 6am
Irene’s business was discrete; hidden behind the facade of an image consulting firm catering to men in the upper echelons of London. And while the occasional woman utilized Mistress Adler’s services, all brothel workers were men. There were women on the staff but they handled the business side of things. Finances, scheduling, and medical.
“You could…you could work with me. I could use a doctor’s eyes on some of these cases. Really, you’d be doing me a favor. And there’s an unused bedroom in my flat just begging for a tenant. What do you think?”
John begrudgingly nodded his head.
“You’re trying to get me to lose my temper so I’ll make a mistake but it won’t work. I’m very disciplined. You won’t get to me but I’m flattered that you tried.”
Mycroft’s mobile chirped and he took it out of his pocket immediately checking caller ID. “Caller unknown.” He answered.
“Then why am I beneath all of these blankets?” Sherlock said, kicking blankets off of him.
“Oh no. I’m not going there again! Nothing good ever comes from going to that place!” John yelled.
“I’d like to see today’s total,” Sherlock said while John was fighting with the arm of his coat now caught on the chair rail.
"I said, 'I love you too'." Sherlock replied, smiling secretively.
“John. JOHN!! What the hell are you doing?! You bit me!”
Sherlock spared no expense with anything that might touch his body and although he slept probably 10 hours a week at most, he still wanted to spend that time in as decadent a manner as possible. This was fine with John who did his best to get at least seven hours of sleep a night. He was more than happy to pick up the slack.
“Not quite but they will want to know that you’ve started your first month and they’ll keep you on a strict schedule from there. Just don’t miss a pill and you’ll be fine.”
“Would you like some help with that?” John asked.
“No thanks. My brother already fills that position.”
“These flowers say all that?” John said, a smile in his voice.
“Oh, I will. Trust me. I’m cherishing it already.”
“Let’s just give them a few minutes to calm down and we’ll try again,” Greg said.
“Sherlock. Come over here now!” John said, throwing power behind it making it a command.
While come wasn’t really his normal choice of lube, he was desperate to get his cock inside Sherlock before he had time to change his mind. It would do in a pinch.
“No. The plant.”
“I’m not letting you stick an egg up my arse, hard boiled or otherwise,” John said without glancing up.
He’d almost, although probably not, made it to their bedroom when;
“He looks like a ‘Jack’ to me,” Seb said.
Irene laughed. “Yes. After the very first visit, they were all talking about John and the amazing tricks he could do with his tongue…”
“Well, that would have been useful three weeks ago. Bollocks to those ridiculous gifts. I want John to take me seriously. I know exactly what to get for him.”
“Are you repulsed by me now? A vampire murderer? Not that it matters since you won’t remember any of this later,” John asked
“I told you not to take advice from others.”
"That's true. That is very helpful to our kind. I stand corrected."
Mycroft looked at Greg, who then nodded, and shoved the door open without knocking, announcing;
"Oh. He has a name, alright. It's James Moriarty and he's been rubbing our noses in it for months."
“Who’s the boss in the bedroom?”
“John, you say that in every story so could we please skip all the angst and breast beating that we normally have to go through while I wait for you to realize that we really are meant to be together?”
“OK?!” Then John saw Sherlock’s grin.
John looked back over his shoulder, trying to decide whether Anderson was worth the trip back.
Although the man hadn’t believed in love at first sight, he changed his mind when he met the genius. Light filtered through his hair creating a halo effect around his head and in that moment, the man knew that he was lost.
John sat back down on the bed with a stunned thump.
“Yes. Walking across the street was a huge burden,” Sebastian said, rolling his eyes.
“Sherlock, do what I told you! Now!” John demanded.
Mycroft’s Pretentious Mansion
“I think that this was fantasy number…97, wasn’t it?” John asked.
“I’m not psychic. Read it out loud and I’ll pull the appropriate items from the box. Now, Sherlock.”
I do apologize. I should have included a note with that, um…it’s not a gift really, it’s in celebration of your new position at St Bart’s in A & E. I’m sending it back to you because I know for a fact that Bart’s doesn’t have anything remotely approaching the quality of this device and it will make your job easier. Please accept it as a token of my regard for the work that you do, no strings attached; other than the one on this box.
—Mycroft”
“Isn’t your back still numb?” John asked while rubbing lube up and down his cock.
“Don’t listen to that!” Sherlock said, not needing to look at the text to know the content.
“That’s enough John. Lestrade won’t remember any of this anyhow.” Sherlock interrupted.
“I’ve had friends that it’s happened to. I can’t afford the risk. My friends had parents to take them back in while they applied for another scholar or some kind of waiver. No. As soon as I’ve gotten a clean bill of health, I’m enlisting. The Army will pay for my education. I’ll become a doctor and help others while I’m there. I hadn’t planned on being a soldier but I’d always planned on being a doctor and right now, this is the best solution. Then I can either start a practice of my own or find work in clinics or hospitals where doctors are very much in demand. No. I’ve made up my mind and I’m relieved and content with my choice.”
Mrs Hudson had been listening from the slamming doors until two hours later when she knew for certain that she needed to intervene before there was nothing remaining of the flat that could be salvaged.
“I feel the same way. I’ve always considered love at first sight to be a myth but one look at you and I knew I had to have you.
While I’m tempted to ask you to wear the bells just to see the affect it would have on the other patrons, I do not require that you wear bells. I’m quite certain that I’ll be able to pick you out in a crowd.
“Oh for…just stop it, will you? When that pain finally hits your tiny dinosaur brain, you’re going to regret this even more,” John said, waiting to see what Anderson would do next.
“Nope. Not anymore. I believe that the case has been solved and I’ve had plans for you ever since we walked through the door.” Johns pupils were large and dark and he gave Sherlock the impression of a starving man looking at a steak.
Five minutes passed, then ten, at the fifteen minute mark, John’s jaws were aching and he didn’t think that he could do this much longer.
"Ah. I thought I'd find you up here brooding like Batman, as usual." Mycroft said, tapping his umbrella as he walked to where Sherlock was sitting on the ledge.
“No. This has just been a lovely chat. Yes I want to talk to her!”
John grabbed Sherlock by the hair again, pulling so tightly that his neck was bowed back and he was unable to do more than respond with a grunt.
“Lovers…” Sherlock sighed and then dropped off to sleep. John waited a few more minutes then disentangled himself from Sherlock’s embrace and went to make tea. He’d gotten everything setup when he noticed the scones on the table.
“Well, bollocks to that! He can’t have you! You’re my Mate!” John exclaimed.
In the background, beneath the pillow Mycroft could be heard shouting, “Gregory! I’m coming! I’m coming!” but the two men playing doctor didn’t hear anything but themselves for quite a while.
And for the third time in John’s life, a major change was about to take place.
“It’s different, I’ll give you that,” said Lestrade.
“That’s not pertinent to my case so I won’t be needing any further details.”
“That’s a good way of thinking of it.”
“I really wish you’d let me pay you for the coffee or at least take turns paying for it. It doesn’t seem right, you always footing the bill.”
“Yes, really.”
“Jim? Jim!” Sebastian called then saw Jim’s hand made Italian loafers peaking up on the floor next to John. Rushing over to Jim, Sebastian pulled him up by his shirt and slapped him in the face a few times.
“Hmmm…that’s a good idea and Jack is a nickname for John, after all. I like it! What do you think, Jack?” Moriarty asked John while taking a long pull on John’s blood.
“You planned this!”
“Well, green represents nature and new beginnings. And being murdered is definitely a new beginning,” Sherlock said.
“Stop saying that!” Sherlock turned, facing the alley wall nearly grinding his hips against it.
Sherlock did so.
It was true. Although there didn’t seem to be any blood visible, John’s arm dangled from his injured shoulder. He was breathing shallowly when he finally reached their side.
“Just do it. Do it now. Either way, I’m done.”
“If he reaches you after I’ve told you to leave, you’re on your own! Go, NOW! ” Lestrade bellowed.
“So much pressure…”
Bob dutifully and with a decided lack of enthusiasm, followed his wife into Harriet’s room. His wife had dragged him down here but he had nothing to say to his daughter. She’d embarrassed the family. How could they ever show their faces again. They’d need to get this thing adopted out as fast as possible. Pretend it’d never happened.
“Doctor Watson?” No response. “John? I take it from your reaction that you were unaware that you’d completed the ritual?”
He’d expected laughter or to be hung up on but instead the line was silent again.
“Don’t you dare hit ‘send’, we’re already here anyhow. Put that damned thing away.” Greg said, annoyed, but secretly amused.
“How can I know what happened to him when I didn’t even crouch down to examine the body? Use your brain.”
“He holds a ‘minor’ position in the government and his fingers are in many pies, both figuratively and literally.” Sherlock said the last sarcastically.
Sherlock reflexively pushed his bottom back against John’s hand. John felt his cock begin to sit up and take notice so he gave a squeeze to that lovely arse, patted it and pulled Sherlocks pajama bottoms back up. He gave a lusty sigh.
John thought all of these things in a matter of seconds and felt quite satisfied with himself. Almost smug, even. And perhaps a bit childish.
“You ran me over and left. Lestrade took me to a bar to which you visited briefly and you’re telling me that you’d already ruined my chances before then?!”
“Throwing out those god awful puns about your cock.”
“Are you flirting with me?”
When Sherlock had finally finished convulsing, John slid his fingers out of his hole. Releasing Sherlock’s cock with his other hand, John suddenly realized that he had two hands full of lube. He looked around for something to wipe his hands on and with a shrug, finally settled on the lining of his coat.
“A Dhamphir is part human, part vampire…” Sherlock began, pausing when John burst out laughing.
“”Catch any blood?!” Just how much blood would make a towel necessary?” Sherlock asked, holding up said towel.
“One is, that’s for certain,” John laughed.
“I know what you’re thinking. ‘How will he know when to stop feeding the catheter. How will he avoid actually stabbing me in the heart.’ Well, after doing this so many times in the field, you learn by feel and I’m the best there is. When it hits the right place, I’ll know. You’ll definitely know; maybe have a few heart palpitations although after your reaction to the espresso, I’m not sure that I can trust your response with that one. Either way, I guarantee I’ll hit the spot on the first go. Normally, when you’re having this done in hospital you’d use X-Rays or a Fluoroscope to be 100% accurate in the placement of the catheter but I don’t have time to do all that plus, as I said before; I don’t need it. You really should have gone home when I told you to, John. Ok. Here we go…”
"How about that, then?" John asked with a grin, unjustifiably pleased with himself.
“My, my, my. It’s like that, is it? I didn’t realize that you were already so attached. It’s been what, two weeks?” Moriarty rubbed his hands together.
“That’s not funny,” Sherlock huffed.
“No! Wait! I apologize. Come over here and look at my penis,” Sherlock said innocently. John just stared at him, waiting.
Mycroft gifts Sherlock with a Courting An Omega book. Pfft. As if he needs that.
“Well, what do you suggest then,” Sherlock said, sounding defeated.
“Who’s the father, John?” Mrs Watson asked.
“Just trying to get some of these morgue drawers empty. My job’s not complete until the autopsy, tests and paperwork have all been taken care of. It’s actually very satisfying while being frustrating at the same time,” John laughed, feeling a little silly making that comment. He took another sip of coffee.
“I know that Mister Happy seems to be fine with it.” John smiled, eyes closed.
John returned, flicking his wet fingers in Sherlock’s face. Sherlock blinked.
“Well, yes and no. He’s just not used to feeling this way about another person and it’s shaken him…oh god. Pillows. Please!” John rolled onto his side on the cold metal table, folding himself into the foetal position as much as he could approximate around the pain.
As soon as John saw Sherlock’s face, he put a hand up to stop whatever Sherlock might have been about to say and just began the walk to his flat.
“Then why isn’t she here?!” Sherlock raged.
“What’s a dreamboat’?”
“John? John. Can you hear me?” Sebastian asked, touching John’s shoulder.
Sherlock could have made more of an effort to procure what he wanted but it was just too much bother. And so he lay on his couch in 221b and thought up new and clever insults to throw at his brother the next time he decided to step his fat foot over the threshold.
Tenderly yours,
John smiled as he finished typing his text, he hit ‘send’ and then laughed out loud. He knew that Sherlock was still there but he wouldn’t make the mistake of being within range of John’s ability to sense him again.
“That was uncalled for, John. Catching a murderer saves the lives of others.”
“Can a vampire be killed by a wooden stake to the heart?”
Debbie
“I can assure you, Doctor…John, that I’m not trying to seduce you. If I wanted you in my bed, we’d already be there.”
John and Sherlock get busy.
“Did not,” said Sherlock.
“That’s ok. You’re clean, I’m clean. It’s fine.”
John kissed Sherlock’s temple and led him to to door. It closed with a soft snick behind them as they trudged up the 17 steps their flat. Once inside the door, John led Sherlock to his chair and had him sit. He could tell that there was a good chance that Sherlock would hyperventilate and he wouldn’t be able to stop it this time.
“How on earth should I know?”
“Indeed I have not forgotten,” Sherlock said indignantly. “I’ve given, WE’VE given you all the clues now it’s your turn to find the culprit. John’s in pain. We’re leaving.” Sherlock grabbed John’s good arm and turned to leave. He was going to drag John out of there if he had to. Under no circumstances was John going to say  colors in Hindi!
The man finished his meal dabbing daintily at the corners of his mouth with a fine linen handkerchief. His initials were embroidered onto it: JM
“Get some fluids started on our injured. Stay away from their bad arms. Make sure that Captain Watson has been stabilized. Wouldn’t do to have him fall out of the helicopter after all this, would it?”
John had a firm hold of Sherlock’s hips and was lavishing attention on his cock when Sherlock suddenly froze and stopped John’s progress.
“But he’s a surgeon. A left handed surgeon. He’ll be ok, right?”
“So we’re just supposed to show up with this new baby having never mentioned that you were expecting? How’s that supposed to work?” Bob asked skeptically.
“How did you get in here? Mycroft has guards everywhere.”
“So, if they became repeat customers, I assume that they were satisfied with Doctor Watson’s…ah…service?”
“Sherlock. I’m ok. Nothing a couple of paracetamol and a good soak won’t fix. Stop your fussing. I’m fine. Truly.”
“You drew first blood. Impressive. My turn,” Sherlock said and swept John’s feet out from under him, or tried to. John just stood there in a battle ready position and punched Sherlock in the chest knocking the air out of him.
“Hmm? What?” John said, still enjoying the attention that Sherlock was lavishing on his neck.
“Uh. Sure. I’d love to hear more about how old you are,” said John, curious as to how far Sherlock would take this game.
Dearest Sherlock,
“Yes. You said that already. What I was going to say was, why don’t we release the bee on the rooftop?”
“Because I have secrets and now you know them. I can’t take the chance that you’ll report me to the police. Murder is bad enough, but vampirism? There’s no such thing as vampires and we’d like it to stay that way. Leave everyone to their eroticized horror, I don’t think that we’d be received just as wholeheartedly by the public.”
“No. I didn’t.”
I’m crushed. Whatever shall I do without your admiration and approval?
“I’m going to fuck you again, right now. How does that sound?” John asked, looking into Sherlock’s eyes and holding his gaze.
Very short chapter but I've had this written forever and I feel badly for keeping you guys waiting for so long. I figured that it'd be better to put out what I already have than give you nothing at all. Hopefully it reads well.
“Tea?” Sherlock asked, bringing his tear stained face up to look John in the eye. From this angle, Sherlock seemed smaller than him. More like a wounded child than an adult and John hugged him to himself saying;
“JOHN!” Sherlock burst through Mrs Hudson’s front door.
“I don’t know, Kinsey. What I do know is that he’s alive and that’s the only thing we need to worry about right now.”
“I’m full of you,” Sherlock said, thrusting back.
He felt a faint stirring in his trousers. ‘Don’t even think about it! We’re going to bed!’
“Maybe you two just need to take a few days apart. You know. To think it over. You might miss him more than you realize.” Sebastian said, pulling the cart back into the aisle.
“That sounds great. I’m relatively new here so I won’t be taking off any time in the near future,” John said as he headed towards the exit.
“What’s wrong with him?” Jim asked, using his legs to slide himself up against the wall until he was completely upright and starting to become more aware.
“John. John. John. Don’t leave like that. The case is solved and what are you going to do? Go home to that lonely bedsit and stare at the walls? Wouldn’t you rather stay here and get to know each other better?”
He didn’t want this night to ever end. There was something about this man. He felt as if he’d known him forever. This didn’t feel like business which was worrisome because he had no idea if Sherlock felt the same way. Not that he’d ask!
“It means that men often joke that their cock has a mind of it’s own when it’s hard. Sometimes, you can get…carried away on emotions and do things, promise things, that you normally wouldn’t if your cock wasn’t hard. Therefore, it’s common to treat it like a separate entity by giving it its own name. Now, please, if you wouldn’t mind…”
John stopped in the act of pouring another glass, becoming serious for a moment.
“You can’t possibly have forgotten that we had sex last night.” Sherlock said, clearly affronted.
Eventually, the man realized that he’d fallen deeply in love with the genius but didn’t think that the genius felt the same way so he locked his feelings deep down inside and said nothing.
“Hurt me. I don’t care! I want you now…AH!!” Sherlock sighed as he felt four fingers enter him, pushing himself back on them as John fucked him.
“Fine. I’ll admit that it might be a little odd.”
Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a small tube of lubricant. Resting the tube in his hand, he slowly twisted the cap off between his thumb and forefinger. Shaking the cap off, John squeezed a generous amount of lube onto his fingers. Taking his other hand off of Sherlock’s cock, he steadied himself against one of his hips and reached around Sherlock’s delicious arse, sliding his finger down the cleft until he’d reached his prize. Sherlock shuddered and moaned.
John didn’t think that Sherlock sounded all that sincere but at this point, he was desperate for information.
“I thought you said something else. You didn’t say anything else, did you?”
Sherlock’s mobile went off while John was still reading his message.
“Well, it’s convenient. I’ll say that.”
Using that momentum, John guided Sherlock’s rapidly falling onto the sofa then stood.
Sherlock nodded in silence, a small smile playing on his lips.
“I’m glad to hear it. Here, let me help you with cleanup. Turn around.” Placing a hand on Sherlock’s arse for support, John slowly rose to his feet, joints cracking, back aching. Picking up his coat, he separated the lining and finding an unused section, began cleaning Sherlock with the silky material.
“So who is your real mother, I can see you wondering; Harriet Watson is your real birth mother.”
“Why would I say that?”
John sat back on his heels, thinking.
Sherlock held out his hand, palm up, making a ‘gimme’ gesture with his fingers. John slapped the script in Sherlock’s palm and watched as his eyes read the title.
“I knew that was a joke, John,” Sherlock huffed. He didn’t know that but he’d rather die than admit it.
“Ooh! ‘Please?!’ You must be desperate. He’s going to be really mad,” Becca warned again.
“This is so good, Seb! Have some?” Moriarty asked, offering the tubing to Moran.
The nurse hesitated. “They’re examining her to make sure that she's fine and then she’ll be brought to her room. She should be in room 711 within the next half hour. You can wait in there for her if you’d like.”
“No. That would not be acceptable.” Sherlock replied. Getting annoyed.
“Where are you going?” Sherlock asked.
“Closed for repairs.” John said, still asleep.
“There you go. I don’t know why you insist on making everything so difficult.”
He felt a hand on his shoulder and angrily turned around ready to bite the head off of whomever thought that it was ok to just walk up behind him, much less touch him. People had pulled back a broken wrist for much less.
“Oh. I bet you could throw me pretty far too, what with those surprisingly firm muscles” Becca said, wiggling her bottom on the chair.
“I have no choice? Me? I think you’re confused as to who’s in charge here.” John laughed.
“Exactly. I will not be penetrated willingly. You will have to take me against my will and, I’m sorry, but I don’t have much faith in your ability to get the job done.”
“Oh, well past your anus, Sherlock,” John gave a satisfied smile. It wasn’t often that one could catch Sherlock unawares. He’d been nervous about this before but now he was enjoying himself.
“What are you smiling about?”
“Tell me what you want me to do, Sherlock.”
They made love facing each other and kissing for what seemed like forever but was over all too quickly.
“Luck?! Get off me! You said that if you hurt me, I could go. You just hurt me. And not for the first time either. I don’t know why I let you talk me into doing these sort of things,” John said, exasperation clear in his voice.
“Lestrade?”
Sherlock gazed into his eyes, transfixed.
“I understand that these men were known to have injured several of your coworkers - repeatedly. How did that make you feel?”
“I won’t remain quiet in there. You have to know that,” John said, a little desperately. Panic beginning to set in.
“Not by half!” Sherlock wrapped his muscular thighs around John’s waist and squeezed, cutting off John’s breath.
“Sounds like tomorrow’s going to be a busy day?” Sherlock smiled, giving John’s prostate a glancing brush.
He didn’t mind Lazy Man sex from time to time. He didn’t have to worry about satisfying John although it usually woke him up after a few brushes against his prostate.
“Sherlock. Look at me.”
“And how would you do that?”
“Your clothes. They’re wrinkled. No wedding band. Not even a trace of ever having worn one so no spouse. Could be a girlfriend or a boyfriend but you seem like a loner to me.”
“Yes, and?”
“Something that he’ll come to regret shortly, I’m sure.”
“No. No. Look at me.”
Wednesday 10:52pm
“Serves you right! You’re hurt. No time for levity. Take the medicine and let’s get back to work.” Sherlock said, doing just that.
“No. I don’t think I’d like that,” Sherlock replied, now sounding a little unsure.
“See? You do want me. I never beg but, please John. We could be so good together.”
“Don’t wanna. Sleeping,” John said, still as stone and laying on his side.
“Just give me one chance and if you get hurt in any way, you can quit and I won’t bother you again.”
“No. You’re not fucking me!”
“God, that was amazing, John. I’m not enjoying the feeling of having an arse crack full of lube but it was still highly enjoyable.
“Yes sir. All tucked in and ready to go.”
Moriarty placed a hand on Moran’s cheek saying; “I know you will, Seb. I know you will. That’s why you’re my top guy.” Giving Moran’s cheek a little tap, Moriarty turned and left the room.
“I don’t need to look at you to talk to you, John. I need to have one more orgasm tonight and then I’ll be satisfied.”
“You saved my life too. A million times over and I love you with all of my heart.”
“You slammed into this poor bloke’s shoulder as you were rounding the corner during the chase.”
John, you’ve been the best thing that’s ever happened to Sherlock and I know that he wouldn’t be alive today had you two not met. Please take care of him and yourself. I’ll be watching.
“Oh, come now. Do you think that I’m so naive that I haven’t realized that your brother has you protected by snipers? We’re surrounded and I’m insulted that you think I’m dumb enough not to notice. Besides, I have a present for you.”
“Do I know you?”
“You’re not!” John said adamantly.
“Sherlock?!” John shouted angrily.
"Oh god! Yeah. That's the one!" John groaned, his thrusts becoming frenzied and rough.
“There shouldn’t have been ANY blind spots!”
“Do you always carry that?”
“Can’t eat garlic?! Oh my god! But I LOVE garlic!” John exclaimed.
“None at all. You?”
TWACK!
This was not said smugly, it was just a statement of fact but the auburn haired woman didn’t take it that way; a brief look of annoyance crossing her face before her placid mask snapped instantly back into place.
“Danger, eh?” John stroked his chin.
“Oh. Do it. I’ve always wanted to punch the arse in the face. Give him a black eye for all of us.”
“Yes,” John said, removing his dress shirt and kicking his shoes off as well.
“Stop it, Greg. He thinks your serious,” John said laughing.
“Ah. Good. You’re up.”
“Did you get that confidence serving in the military? Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“You know what your problem is, Anderson?”
The door opened suddenly and Sebastian stood in the doorway.
The doctor felt truly sorry for Mrs Watson. She had no control over her own household but she loved her son and should be able to see him.
“Very. I want to talk about his clients. What were they like?” Sherlock interjected quickly before Irene could go into anymore detail regarding Doctor Watson’s ’specialty.’
“Were you trying to pull it out?”
“Well, once I’d convinced everyone that my fluids were topped off, I showed them the door and proceeded to wait next to you until you woke up. I’m also very tired. Now come over and hug me. I’m going back to sleep now. I just wanted to see those beautiful eyes of yours first.”
“Any problems, Sebby?” Moriarty asked between dainty sips of John’s blood.
Yesterday was lovely. I hope that we’ll be able to do it again although I don’t know when I’ll be available. It’s cold and flu season and I look to be trapped at work for the duration. Rest assured that I’ll be thinking of you every day until we meet again.
“John. I really don’t think that you’re ready for this particular piece of information.”
“Yes, yes. Tough day with runny noses and rashes while I’m toiling away solving a murder - without an assistant, I might add - but you just go right to bed.”
"He's been leaving bodies around London specifically requesting your attention. With notes...pinned to the victim's tongue,” Mycroft said with distaste.
“Nothing. Nothing.”
“Your member also seems average to me. Honestly, John. I think that you’re obsessed with this…this…I think you’re what I’ve heard called…a ‘size queen.’”
‘That woman’s crazy but she’s my kind of crazy.’ Irene thought with a sigh, then wrapped herself in her covers and went back to sleep
“Yes. I must. Now what can I do for you, mister grumpy pants?”
This caused Sherlock to pause.
“Interesting,” Sherlock said, stroking his chin.
“Well, today is his lucky day. Shall we go?” Sherlock gestured with one hand towards the winding staircase.
“What part of ‘stuck’ don’t you understand. I’m just going to have to wait it out.”
Sherlock gave John a disgusted look.
“Well, I guess that answers that question although, to be fair, it’s highly likely that Sherlock was unaware of the procedure of becoming bound to a Soul Mate. He never expected to have one; his work has always been his life. He wasn’t looking for anyone and then you all but dropped into his lap. No. The more I think about it, there was no reason for him to have more than the most basic of information regarding mating. He has no use for things like that. He prefers to save his brain for what he considers ‘pertinent’ data. He wasn’t looking for a Mate, so he didn’t need useless facts and deleted it. Unfortunately, you knew even less than Sherlock and now, well, here we are. Have you anything to say? Questions?”
“It really hurts. I know this sounds stupid but I never realized how badly getting shot would hurt even just your arm. I’m being a baby.”
Staring at Sherlock’s now semi-soft cock, John waited for something amazing to happen. Although he had absolutely no idea what that could be.
“What? What’s interesting?” John knew that tone of voice. Something he most definitely wasn’t going to like was about to occur.
“Ok. I think I’d better go home and get some rest and I suggest that you do the same. You’re obviously overtired and don’t know what you’re talking about,” John said not  unkindly, unsure of Sherlock’s reaction. He really seemed to believe this nonsense.
By now my cock was at full attention and I also began shifting foot to foot, trying to get a little friction from my sweatpants.
“Right. I’ll just go to bed then,” John said, turning to leave.
“Well, probably because she might fall into those limpid pools you call eyes, and tell you everything. Me, I’m safe. I have no information on John’s whereabouts but I do have a job to do. Now where did I put that?” Becca started patting her jacket pockets.
“Comfy?” John asked.
“So? Maybe I’m ready to die,” Jim said, throwing himself into a nearby overstuffed chair.
John put his ear to the bathroom door. He could have sworn that he’d heard Sherlock talking to someone. He’d been in there for over 25 minutes. John rapped at the door with the back of his knuckles.
“John. It’s only 12pm, and you might want to, I don’t know, take a break and eat something?”
“A dossier on Doctor Watson? I’ve known all of this for quite a while,” Sherlock said dismissively, trying to keep the disappointment from his voice.
“I’ve never met anyone like you, Sherlock. I think…I think that I could fall for you in a big way. It’s a bit scary. What do you think?”
“A man with his…”
“I apologize,” Sherlock said, and looked up and into the deepest, darkest blue eyes he’d ever seen. They were…mesmerizing. He couldn’t look away.
“Yes. Really, Doctor Watson.
“Nope. Wrong answer.” John squeezed Anderson’s shoulder joint tighter.
“Mother fucker! Get off!” John yelled, trying to shove Sherlock off of his now crushed body.
Moriarty’s insane laughter followed Sherlock outside of the diner where he could still clearly hear his laughter as he walked away.
“You’ll still have to check on me to make sure I haven’t woken up.” John snarled.
“You admit that you lost fair and square. That you didn’t throw the game?” John pumped Sherlock’s hole a few more times, waiting.
“But I’m comfy.” Sherlock replied, wrapping his silken robe more tightly around his half naked body.
“Pull your trousers down,” John whispered in his ear.
“I don’t think so. Why don’t you tell me what I’m missing.” He was never getting out of this room and he had a call to make!
“Then put on some trousers!”
“Oh, I’m aware of your request but it’s very unusual and I wouldn’t want any misunderstandings between us.”
‘Good thing I know where Mrs Hudson keeps her herbal soothers,’ and gave a wicked smile before finally allowing himself to enjoy John’s work.
John was still visually studying the body when the police arrived. He’d noted two puncture marks on the victim’s neck and was certain it wasn’t a natural death. Unable to discover anything else other than the blood on the victim’s collar without getting him on the exam table for a proper look, he waited for Scotland Yard. He wouldn’t disturb the evidence until it had all been properly documented anyhow.
“Right. That’s it,” John said, ripping the mobile from Sherlock’s hand.
“Yes, you do. Me doctor, you…henchman. Now go away so I can finish with this and get back to Irene.”
“How so?”
London
“They complained to me and I told them to give Doctor Watson a chance and if they weren’t satisfied, I’d refund their money and reschedule their regular appointments.”
“Are you paying attention?” John asked, seeking out and unerringly finding Sherlock’s prostate. He brushed lightly against it. One time. Two times. On the third time, he removed his fingers completely and waiting.
“Do you have any of those disposable anal speculums remaining?” Sherlock asked, just a shade to casually.
“John!”
“Bit optimistic, in’nit?” Anderson laughed.
“Speak of the devil and he shall appear.” Sherlock said, reaching over to grab his mobile from the nightstand.
“Yes. Goodbye John,” Harriet said and disconnected.
“Can I touch silver?”
“I’d stop this if Anderson wasn’t asking for it.”
John increased his focus on sucking, licking, and stroking Sherlock’s cock, his own arousal clear in his frenzied motions.
John is way too trusting and it costs him.
“Impressive. You’re very flexible,” John said as he applied the slippery stuff liberally to his index finger.
“So, same as usual then? OW!” Sherlock complained, glancing back at John.
“I’ve already told this bloke everything I know so do me a favor and piss off. I’m on vacation,” Moran said, sounding genuinely aggravated.
“You’ll keep going until you’re ready to stop. I can hasten that by properly begging you to stop,” Sherlock said, a hiccup in his voice as if he was trying to stifle a sob.
“Yes?” John said with trepidation.
John circled Sherlock’s entrance waiting until he seemed frantic for it and then slowly, teasingly, slid his index finger all the way in to the third knuckle and began pumping in and out until he’d finally worked up to three fingers and felt that Sherlock was ready.
Swabbing the surgical location with betadine, Sebastian paused, holding the scalpel over the planned incision site. Giving John a sympathetic look, he said;
"Because you keep losing. Stop asking to play to be the top and maybe I'll allow it...eventually," John said smugly.
Sherlock leaned over to open the window only to be stopped by John’s hand on his forearm.
Ok. This is silly. I admit it's silly. It's middle of the night silly and I'm not even going to delete it. Haven't read it. I'm sure it's full of mistakes. The tone is uneven and the ending out of nowhere.
The first person out was the bouncer, quickly followed by what seemed to be the pub owner. Looking down, they saw that the body was of a young man, the blood on his white collar instantly visible.
“Do you think he’s really alright, John? I don’t know what’s wrong but I was just having fun with him. He must really hate the word ‘pila’.”
“Safe word, Sherlock. What’s wrong? Afraid you’ll lose? Don’t be nervous. It won’t hurt. Much,” John taunted.
“I grabbed a few from work so, yes. Why?” John asked suspiciously.
“Why…nothing, of course.”
“It never has been for me. It’s usually been more like a task. Must be a benefit of being Soul Mates.”
—Mycroft”
“Plenty of time for that. I want to talk about us now.”
“It is indeed.” Kissing his shoulder, I repeated myself; "It is indeed."
‘Great. Mrs Hudson picks now to stand up to him. How to get rid of her…’
“The first thing I’m going to do is inject some numbing medication along the incision line.”
“The window is fine.”
“No thank you. I think you’ve helped enough,” Sherlock said condescendingly. Will hurried back behind the bar and began wiping it down while keeping an eye on John. The new fellow didn’t seem quite right. There was something odd about him and John definitely wasn’t happy to see him.
He needed to get to John. Warn him. Convince him to move into 221B. Whatever it took. No one was going to touch John Watson. No one but him.
“I’m not sure about that,” Sherlock said, voice muffled by the collar of his robe that had slipped down to cover his head.
“Really, John? You can tell that, can you?” Sherlock replied but it lacked its usual venom. Now John was really worried.
“Seb. Seb. I’m too tired for sex. Later. ‘K?” Jim said with a sigh as he leaned his head on Moran’s chest.
“Good lord. You’re going to cripple me before this night is over!”
“What was that? I can’t hear you.” Then he ran his hand roughly over Sherlock’s red and swollen cheeks, viciously pinching one.
Saturday 9am
“Fuck you, John,” Sherlock said and began walking away.
“Come on. Don’t keep me waiting, sweetheart.” John tugged on the sash once more causing Sherlock to lose his balance and begin toppling backwards.
“Sod off, you lazy bastard!” And for good measure, slammed the front door too.
Exposition.
Sherlock was sniffling, tears running down his face.
“You’re asking why I didn’t call the police? And complain that some trust fund babies were beating up prostitutes? Yeah. I don’t think that would have been a very popular decision. The majority of our clients run in the same crowd and wouldn’t like their ‘secret’ getting out. They’d call their friends and have those pesky little charges dropped within the hour, if they were charged at all. Not one of those guys would have spent a night in jail much less gone to trial.
“But this is the most romantic gesture I’ve ever seen and I have nothing but myself to offer you in return.”
“Not after the racket you made running up and down the alley.”
“I’m immobilizing you. It seems like that should be fairly obvious. Genius,” John taunted winding the long sash around Sherlock’s wrists then wrapping the remainder around his waist finishing with a slipknot back at the beginning.
“He does not!”
John was so turned on that when he went to grab Sherlock’s arse with his left hand, he found that he still had ahold of the packet of lube.
“Indeed. In fact, I insist upon it. So, a “dare” you said?”
Jim has trouble controlling his thirst for John's blood. Sebastian is assigned an errand.
“Nope. They’re so sure that Watson was gone that they pulled surveillance late last night. I just went into the empty lab tonight, opened the drawer, zipped the bag up and rolled him right out of there. Not one person stopped me to ask a question. I was concerned that I might run into someone who knew that I was supposed to be on vacation but nope, not another soul around,” Sebastian said with a grin.
“Very amusing, John. Well, now that you’ve lumbered up the hill, let’s go see the body - again. I’d like to get your reaction.”
‘Well, that didn’t go as expected. I guess the mythological honeymoon is over…still.’ Sherlock thought, sitting up and wrapping his robe about himself as if it was a mantle.
“I know,” John said, releasing Sherlock’s earlobe with a little bite.
“During their visits, they’d each brag a bit about abusing my coworkers. As if I’d find it funny.
“Sorry, sorry,” John said. He admitted to himself that he might be slightly more excited than he’d first thought. That arse, though! How could he resist? Even through his coat it felt fantastic. Pull yourself together, man!
“Well…I’m not so sure and as much as I am loathe to admit it; Mycroft is better at these sorts of things than I. Could you please go with him? For me?”
“Sherlock?”
“Would it make you feel better if I said that I was thirsty?” Sherlock asked, annoyed.
“You really made a hash of that, didn’t you, Sherlock.”
“I…yes…I lost…fair and…fair and…OH…square.”
Sebastian went to the door and turned off the light.
“Did anyone resent being shuttled to Doctor Watson?”
“No. Not your mouth,” John interrupted.
“So, what’s this one about?” Sherlock asked.
The story of the “late in life” baby had gone over surprisingly well. Everyone in the family knew the truth; of course they did, but they were Catholics and you just didn’t talk about things like that to anyone; other than your closest family member or spouse and even then that was rare. Better to keep up the pretense than accidentally blurt out the truth. It’s not like the child would ever know. Besides, John’s birth certificate clearly listed Bob and Elizabeth as his legal parents and that was good enough for them. A perfectly legitimate illegitimate baby.
“You’re a bit of a voyeur, aren’t you Mycroft. Are you enjoying this? Listening to me bang your brother while saying your name? This will make for some interesting talk in the conference room, don’t you think? You’re name being mentioned while I shag your brother raw. What will people think? Mycroft…still listening?” John’s mobile chimed and he help onto Sherlock’s hip while he leaned over to answer it putting it on speaker.
“But, you haven’t heard the details! You can’t just say ‘no’ without all the facts.”
“Are fine.”
“Sherlock. Breath. Please. Let’s go upstairs and I’ll fix us some tea and we and we can think of all of the good times we’ve had together. And they were almost all good times. You know that. It won’t do any good for you to pass out and wake up on her floor. We’ll come down when her sister’s done going through her things and we can each take a memento.”
Moriarty was planning something and it was something for which Sherlock was preparing himself in equal parts excitement and dread.
“Oi, mate. You oughtn’ to be kippin’ on the sidewalk like that. You might get hurt. Here, let me help you up.” Lestrade held out a hand and John grasped it with his right allowing this Lestrade person to do most of the heavy lifting. The throbbing in his shoulder had now changed to knives digging into his scar as if trying to burrow through to his tendons. This wasn’t going to be one of those things that he could sleep off overnight. He might actually have to break out the pain pills for this one. Mother fucker! He’d been off of them for months now with the occasional pill due to a flareup but other than that, drug free.
“Yes, John.”
“Silly question. It made me angry.”
Mrs Hudson
“Doctor Grant…”
And then the were gone.
“Sorry, Greg.”
Sherlock lay on his left side, curled into a ball. John didn’t think he’d ever get used to such a tall man being able to make himself so small. He smiled to himself. He enjoyed Sherlock’s agility though so he wouldn’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
“Good on you! You should rest while you can. You never know when there might be a rash of bodies to deal with,” Sebastian smiled somewhat chillingly which bothered John for some unknown reason that he quickly dismissed.
“You mean, last night?” John replied. “Yeah. I think I can recall that far back.”
“Doctor Watson: Please excuse the call. I didn’t realize that I’d caught you in the middle of my brother. Please do contact me at your earliest convenience so that I can go over the rules with you.
“Well, then. You have nothing to lose. It’s not like I’m going to force myself on you. How insulting.”
“So?”
“Well, the table in the morgue is sterilized after each use and again at night…”
“You in tomorrow?” John asked.
Wednesday 6pm
“You’re marring the line of my suit, Gregory.”
“What “relationship?” We haven’t even known each other for more than ten days. I don’t know about your brother but I’m not in a relationship with anyone.”
“Oops! I guess you weren’t ready for that second finger.”
“That’s…an exceptionally long splinter.”
Sebastian Heads Home From His Blood Run
“Yes, yes. This is nothing. Get on with it,” Sherlock snapped.
“Yes. Bit chilly though with the water rushing down like that.”
“You know, I think that you surrender to glamor fairly quickly when it’s something you want but don’t want to give in. Isn’t that right?” John said, opening the drawer in the nightstand and grabbing the lube.
He slowly cracked his eyes open only to widen them completely when he saw Sherlock’s silvery blue eyes smiling at him. ‘What the hell?’
He dialed her number and waited, anxious to get her side of the story. Of course it wasn’t true but…maybe some of it was? He’d seen the way his father had touched his sister when he thought no one was looking. A quick touch of her breasts when he was walking by. Dad trying to hold Harriet’s hand and her shaking him off. Harriet never wanting to be alone with him. John had thought that it was because their father had become a violent alcoholic. But what if even a part of this was true. He had to know.
“Later, Jim. Let me check on Jo…Jack.
Sally dutifully flashed her badge at John.
“I’m warning you; stay away from Doctor Watson.”
My dear Sherlock,
“I do. Constantly,” John replied seriously.
John, who hadn’t even realized that he’d stood up, collapsed back into the chair.
“I also have an erection, John. No need to point out the obvious.”
“What in god’s name is your brother involved in that he follows you so closely? He’s not mobbed up, is he?”
It wasn’t only their use of Irene’s business, it was the fact that all four had been ‘clients’ of one John Watson.
“Will you come back to me? Let me take you on a proper date?”
“So, I’m just supposed to cooperate while you abuse me?” Sherlock said indignantly.
“That’s the point of this exercise. You DON’T think. You DO. Which in this case is; whatever I tell you to do. Got it?” John snapped, tugging at Sherlock’s hair again.
“We’re working, John!”
Sherlock had the good grace to blush and turn his head away.
And so Sherlock went to bed in a sulk, forgetting all about his bargained for nicotine patch. John remembered though. Turning over with his back to Sherlock, he fell rapidly into a self-satisfied sleep. A smug smile upon his lips.
John’s mobile rings again;
“Well, the coffee caused an unexpected delay. I had expected you to drink the entire cup and you would have been completely passed out 20 minutes ago but between the slow intake, pain and you not getting a full dose…the fact that you’re even barely awake is impressive. The morphine alone should have finished the job. You really are an impressive man, John.”
“Good. This sash is going to be in my way for the next scene and I would have been very disappointed to have had to leave you tied up.” John grabbed the end of the slipknot and pulled it effortlessly through the loop releasing Sherlock’s wrists in an instant.
Anxiously awaiting Friday.
"More of these murders are committed by vampires than not. I'm doing your job for you. Stop being an arse. You're interfering with my concentration. Now go away." Having never turned his head around, Sherlock made a vague shooing gesture with his hand in Mycroft's general vicinity.
“I can see the baby’s head. Almost there. This was a fast delivery. Most first children don’t make their entrance into the world so quickly.” The doctor soothed.
“What about this ‘Seb’ person? Any information on him? Have you found him yet? He had to have been in the morgue often, his scent was everywhere.”
“Well. We can’t be Soul Mates.”
Turning around, Sherlock said;
“It’s just a cuddle. A cuddle never hurt anyone,” John said, hooking his index fingers into Sherlock’s belt loops.
The men entered the flat without a word.
The Following Night
“I thought that you wanted to get your Omega…”
“What are you doing? Other than trying my patience,” Sherlock asked between clenched teeth.
‘Honest to god. What prudes. Would it kill them to do a four - way?”
“I’m not a toy, John!” Sherlock complained.
“Only two more types of plants…,” Sherlock said sadly.
“I certainly hope that you’re going to take longer than that!”
“Yes. Moriarty can be crass at times. In any event, all he needs to do is get near you and/or Sherlock and he’ll know without being told, that you’ve now bonded. You positively reek of it. There’s no way he couldn’t know.”
“Prepared to work with Sherlock today, yeah?” John laughed.
“You’re right. You’re right. Sorry. Um…”
“Calluna or heather as it’s commonly known, symbolizes admiration, solitude, and beauty.”
“No, no. It’s PILA,” said John.
Placing one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, lightly holding him in place, John used his other hand to flip up his satiny robe up exposing his lovely cheeks. He didn’t know why, but just the act bending Sherlock over and flipping up his robe to fuck him was a huge turn on. Especially when he was wearing the red one. Was that a kink? He didn’t care.
“Sherlock? If I untie you, will you promise to behave?” John asked, slowly inserting his index finger into Sherlock’s hole.
“Yes, sweetheart?”
John sat alone in his favorite pub, drinking top shelf scotch. Sometimes savoring the taste, sometimes downing it quickly. It just depended on how hard a particular memory hit him at the moment.
“Are you having trouble breathing, John?” Sherlock asked.
“What did you say?”
“Fine. Fine. You’re no rapist. But why am I in, what I’m assuming is your bed?” John swallowed the pills.
“I do not wear trousers that can be “thrown in the wash,”” Sherlock said, irritated.
“Right. GOODBYE GREG!” John shouted, pressing the power button until the mobile turned off.
John laughed.
“Defenseless?! I’ll show you defenseless!” John said, attempting to stand.
“Time to use the magic word?”
“Ah! Here we go. Read it.” John demanded forcing Sherlock’s face against the page with a none too gentle push.
“Ok. All done, idiot,” Becca said picking up her purse and readying to leave.
“After a day spent trying to solve a crime - a crime which you’d apparently already solved - you’re suddenly acting completely out of character. What’s wrong with you?”
“You’re about 30 minutes from killing him,” Moran said as he turned to the fridge and removed a bag of O+ blood that he’d just put away.
“I hate that stuff. It doesn’t work on me anyhow,” Sherlock whined sounding a little like his old self.
“Hands and knees, sweetheart,” John said watching Sherlock obediently move until he was on all fours, arse to John’s cock.
John nodded, clearly not believing a word of what this maniac was telling him. His mother was no longer alive and his father and Harriet avoided speaking with him at all costs, which was fine with him, so he guessed that he’d just have to bite the bullet and talk to his sister, Harriet. Just out of curiosity and not because any of this fantasy could possibly be true.
“Wasting YOUR time! I’ve been trying for months to get your attention and you’ve given me nothing! Absolutely nothing. I just couldn’t let that stand, Sherlock. I really couldn’t. I’m not a patient man. Not to mention the fact that your brother is an interfering arse who’s been hiding all of the action from you and the Yard. Can’t do that anymore though, can he? Play time is over.” Moriarty said in a sing song tone of voice.
“It’d be a shame if Doctor Watson should meet with a sudden accident now, wouldn’t it,” Moriarty stated baldly.
If Sherlock was out there, and John had no doubt that he would be, John was afraid that he’d lose what little self control he held over his temper and kick Sherlock’s old Dhamphir arse up and down the patient drop off area in front of St Bart’s.
“No. I’m not ready. I need to see if we’re compatible first.”
Warmest regards,
“Well, learn something new every day. Literally. Every  fucking day. Bottle, please,” John made a ‘give me’ motion with his hand.
“I’ll bet I could change your mind,” John wheedled.
“It was fantastic! Fulfilled every dream I’d ever had and then some! Is that what you want to hear?”
“I don’t know. People can surprise you.”
“What do YOU want? More life changing news that I never knew or wanted to know?” John asked angrily.
“I don’t remember seeing those. How could I miss a tray of scones sitting out for three days?” There was a note on top with his name on it. He picked it up and began to read…
“Goddamit! Moriarty! I knew it!” Sherlock shouted and then he called the first person who could remotely help.
“You don’t appreciate it? Really? Some of us have to work for a living. We don’t get to sit about the flat all day working on a new method of destruction,” John said angrily. No one could make him loose his temper faster than Sherlock. He knew it, and Sherlock not only knew it but enjoyed it. Immensely.
“Why hello, Mycroft! To what do I owe this pleasure,” Irene purred.
Saturday 6am
“No other transportation?” John asked.
“Right. Sorry. Just let me get my badge…” Lestrade checked his pockets in his jacket and trousers - nothing.
“Now? You want to do this now?” Sherlock asked nervously.
“Actually, no. Finally down to six empty drawers out of 10,” John said happily and feeling a bit ghoulish because of it.
“How about now?” John asked giving Sherlock’s hair a tug.
“You know what? I’m going to leave a little early tonight,” John said, pulling on his jacket.
“Do you really? Know everything about Doctor Watson though?”
John glanced over at the end table where he noticed that a condom sat, waiting to be used.
“How’s that search going?
“That’s werewolves, John. You’re being ridiculous.”
His turquoise eyes were shut, hands crossed on his chest over his deep green silk dressing gown. Sherlock had so many of these and in such a large variety of colors; John often wondered if he bought them by the gross and had them delivered when John was working. They just seemed to appear on Sherlock as if it was his version of a magicians scarf trick.
They’d had John since at least 10pm last night when the hospital was virtually empty of employees. Moriarty confirmed what Sherlock had already suspected; that a vampire had John, doing…god knew what, before removing him from the building.
“Yes, of course. I’ll send someone over to sweep it up right away.”
“My jacket is fine,” John said, lowering himself to his knees at Sherlock’s feet.
Muscles suddenly relaxing, John landed heavily on Sherlock’s back causing his cock to slip, his body quickly falling on the floor next to Sherlock.
“Come on, John. Can’t take a joke?” Anderson said nervously.
With love,
“We haven’t started the game yet. Once we start, anything you say, other than your safe word, will be ignored. I will beat you, Sherlock.”
“Well, stop. It’s not helping.”
“OW! Fucking hell, Sherlock! That’s my nipple! How the hell did you do that?!”
- Omega’s enjoy small tokens of appreciation. Flowers. Candy. Cards. These are the best way to begin your courtship. Remember not to come on too strong lest you frighten the Omega away.
“I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. I don’t do ‘puns.’ You’re making it hard to concentrate, could you please leave.”
Month Three
“So? So what?” Sherlock asked.
“John?” Sherlock asked, for the moment puzzled by this new development.
“There’s my favorite Alpha daughter!” Mr Watson said drunkenly.
Sherlock reached behind his back, unerringly finding his nightstand drawer, opened it, fished out the lube and gracefully handed it to John, all without once turning over.
“It’s pretty funny. Oh, look! There’s Anderson and Lestrade! Let’s go say goodbye to them.”
“I’m sure he can. Really, Lestrade, are we finished here?” Sherlock asked impatiently.
“Ok. You’re right. I went too far. Can you forgive me?”
“That’s true. You’ve just met your better,” John said, heaving himself up with his free arm while slamming backwards into Sherlock’s chest, knocking him off balance. A lamp suddenly fell to the floor shattering on impact. They both froze and looked at each other.
“I am SO sorry! You haven’t said. Are you ok? Was it any good at all? I feel so bad,” John exclaimed sincerely.
“I’ve no idea,” John said with a laugh, throwing a forearm over his eyes.
Editing obsessively.
“It can’t be THAT bad, Mycroft. Now, what do you need?”
Sherlock’s Perch Across The Street From St Bart’s
“This isn’t over! You got lucky today but Sherlock won’t be so lucky when I catch him without his bodyguard!” Anderson yelled between shallow pants.
Sebastian looked down at John with what seemed to be a sincerely regretful look in his eyes.
“So, it’s an abuse fantasy. Nothing wrong there. It’s just…it’s a bit violent and, well, mean,” John finished lamely.
“So…wait. You said that WE’RE Soul Mates,” said John.
"What thing?" Sherlock asked innocently.
Sherlock faintly heard John yelling back, “CATCH ME IF YOU CAN!”
“Goodnight Sebastian.”
“Finally! A worthy opponent! I’ve never been bested in a fight either. Take your best shot!” Sherlock smiled, leaping up as if on springs only to meet John’s fist as soon as he was upright.
“That wasn’t very nice, John,” Sherlock said, sounding subdued.
“Don’t you want to talk about where you’ve been for the past week? How was that hush hush job that you were working on for Mycroft?”
“Oh, I mean it. Some man raped me and I wound up pregnant. I wanted an abortion but my parents wouldn’t give permission because I’m only 16. I just want it out. Throw it in the trash for all I care. Just know this; I won’t be leaving here with that bastard.”
“Wrong answer!” John partially removed his fist and then shoved it back in again.
“That was interesting, I’ll give you that.”
Sherlock’s hand shot out and gripped John’s wrist firmly, almost too firm, and stopped him.
‘I’m lucky that Sebastian was still here when this hit. Bart’s would have admitted me instantly,’ John thought. Regretting the espresso but grateful for the help.
“Ok. Ok. I’ll stop apologizing,” John said with a laugh.
“I’d know, John. And a lubed cock sounds markedly different from a dry one.”
Sherlock tried to sit up and Becca open the IV all the way and Sherlock fell back down, head on his pillow. His eyelids were so heavy now that he could barely keep them open.
“Dhamphirs are very rare. Your kind finds my kind to be a delicacy. Are you trying to tell me that you weren’t tempted to take a drink? Not once?”
John’s shift was over and he was preparing to walk home when he noticed a black limo parked in the hospital round about, the “driver” standing at attention by the side of the car. John knew a military man when he saw one. He made a cursory note of it and continued walking past.
“But not as much as John’s. This is bad but we can get through it. John’s not the first person to have a baby out of wedlock and if people can’t understand that, well, they can go hang for all I care.”
“Exactly! Now you’re getting it!” Sherlock exclaimed hoping that they were near the end of this particular tutorial.
“Sounds more like a theory to me, though. I doubt that anyone’s ever tried it before, but we could…”
"Clean as a whistle, inside and out," I joked as I placed both of my hands on his shoulders and began pulling him down on my cock while I surged upwards.
“Be patient. Don’t back up. Just let me take care of you. Ok?”
“The killer? You had coffee with the killer?” John asked, pulling his jumper down.
“No you wouldn’t,” John put in.
“Um…not really but at least I know that I hate espresso now. Cheers!” John said, lifting his cup again and drinking deeply. A third of the way down. Thank god. It was almost over.
“It’s ok. I can work around it,” John laughed. “Nice try, though,” John said bending over to undo Sherlock’s belt.
Sherlock didn’t reply this time, his eyes never once looking away.
John felt his back go up and started to become defensive but then relaxed.
“You’ve made plenty of lube. We’ll just use that,” John said pushing Sherlock forward again.
“Nah. Surprise me.” John said with a wide grin.
“That’s not helping, John. Remain calm…”
“Try me,” John replied.
That Sherlock had had the patience to wait two weeks to have this discussion, and in person no less, spoke a great deal of his concern for Doctor Watson. Well, it wasn’t something so simple as ‘concern.’ It was logic and logic dictated that Moriarty had been quiet long enough.
“I can’t imagine my life without you. You’re everything to me and I’d do anything for you. You know that, right?” John asked.
“Who are you talking about?” Mycroft asked although he obviously already knew the answer.
“How about an IOU on that one? I don’t think my back could handle the required neck movement.”
“Well, be that as it may, it’s still true. I promise that I won’t bite…your scent gland, at least.
When they reached Lestrade, they saw that Anderson was in a position that was virtually the same as Sherlock’s. Neither Anderson nor Sherlock would look up preferring to stare at their feet instead.
“None will be given. Ready?” And John sprang into action, kicking Sherlock’s feet from underneath him and pinning him to the floor.
John stepped off the tube, shoulders slumped, feet dragging. He was completely knackered. He normally got home by six. It was late, half 11, well past his bedtime. He just wanted to trudge the rest of the way to Baker Street, fall into bed, and sleep the next two days away. He wasn’t even going to stop in the kitchen for tea. He didn’t have the energy to fix two cups and one couldn’t go into the kitchen and make only one cuppa. It just wasn’t done.
Wednesday 11:30pm
“I’m not giving up yet!” John reached into his pocket pulling out a sachet of sugerical lube. He wiggled the packet up at Sherlock.
“Excuse me. I hate to interrupt your tirade but, yes, it’s John which you already seemed to know before you even sat down.”
“That was a hell of a drive for a few questions,” John said, exasperated.
“Yes!”
Sherlock leaned in and whispered against John’s lips;
“Look again, John.” Sherlock said firmly.
“That’s a waste of a fine scotch, John. It’s meant to be savored, not used for shots.”
“Ah, here’s our taxi. Don’t worry.” Sherlock said as he slid into the seat next to John.
“The word, John,” Sherlock replied exasperatedly. He shifted his stance against the brick wall to a more comfortable - if standing in an alley reeking of trash and urine could be described as “comfortable” - position and rested his head on folded arms.
“It just feels awkward mentioning it now…” Mike seemed to suddenly have trouble meeting John’s gaze.
“Well, HE’S not…” Harry put in.
“I’d like to remove the Velcro from your thighs and ankles so that I can reach all of your wonderful nooks and crannies.” John asked, popping the cap on the lube with his thumb and applying it liberally to his fingers. Putting the lube down, he asked again,
Sherlock didn't win the following night, or the next…he never won, not even once. John knew that Sherlock was throwing the game but never said a word. He was more than happy to have that sweet arse bent over various items in the flat and never said a word. And Sherlock? Well, he just let John enjoy the fantasy that he was getting one over on Sherlock.
11pm, Sherlock’s Bed
“That’s better. Now, listen closely…” John said, pulling Sherlock closer to him. He applied kisses to Sherlock’s neck and cheek, finally ending at his earlobe and giving it a leisurely suck.
This went on for some time, and he didn’t think that the genius either noticed or felt the same way until one day…”
