Steve stood and offered Tony his hand with a subtle little bow.  Tony smiled and let himself be led into the ballroom. His heart started to beat a little faster.
Pepper’s reminder. (So there!)
“Jim invited me to spend Christmas with his family in Boston, but it sounded kind of . . . crowded.”
“Yeah.  Hit me, J.  Let’s see what Isaac’s got.”
When Pepper, who wouldn’t stop giving him these annoying little looks, saw Mallory across the club, Tony’d shooed her off to say ‘hi.’ Within moments, Tony had settled into one of the lavish corner booths, ordered a magnum of Dom, and was holding court over posers, gold-diggers, and the occasional sincere fan.
“I’d like that very much.”
Bruce took a deep breath.
“Noted,” Tony said.
He heard her shuffling papers in her lap, the scratch of a pen, but one hand stayed on him at all times, soothing and kind.  Tony felt more rested by this than his ten-hour nap.  He lost track of time.
Steve’s expression went tight for a second, before he started to nod.
Steve gazed at Tony with rapt attention. Tony swallowed and rushed on, “So the big brute turns, saying ‘mind your own business,’ and I get a glimpse of you. I’m expecting some big beefy Dom, but then I see this guy even smaller than me. You’ve got your cell phone out and you’re saying, you know, to 911, ‘corner of Lexington and 41
--------------
(But, yeah, okay—after some of the shit they’d all been through, maybe not a good surprise for Pep…)
“I hope you know you could come to me, if anything were wrong, and you would trust me to deal with it.”
Steve had checked “curious” in the column for “gags,” so he’d read that section and found it too was full of cautions:
“If there are other things you want to be doing, you should do them, but if it’s just guilt—well,” Bruce spread his hands and shrugged.  “We’re on call twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week.  That can take a toll.  Sometimes we’re only needed for a few hours or a few days, but now and then it’s a couple of weeks, like that time in Iowa.  Makes it a little hard to take on another set of full time duties, unless you’re free to drop them for Avengers business.”  Bruce stirred the lentils sending more steam rising up from the bowl.  “And, well, after everything you’ve done—everything you’ve been through, I think you deserve a bit of a break and time to draw if that’s what you want.  Just a thought.”
(God damn it.)
(And, wow, I just pulled A Pepper.  Huh.)
“Probably,” she answered with a smile, slipping out of her heels. “What did I know this time?”
“Actually,” Clint declared, “you might as well all go at the same time. They’re all pretty much the same. Anyway, merry Christmas. It’s nothing much.”
Phillips cut in.  "There have been strange happenings at the Stark court.  Rumors of an assassination attempt.  And stranger still, a ship of Norns claimed that they'd met with Afani bandits armed with Stark steel."
Tony tilted his head down to the right and drew his left shoulder back just a little, showing off the taut muscles of his neck, the bare skin of his throat. He let his voice dip lower as he added, “Because I do so want to please you, Steve.”
“That injection saved your life,” she said, voice and expression blank.
he’d been reading earlier.
“Of course.  Like this?”
“I love you too.”
(Maybe Steve wanted to save himself for marriage or whatever it was religious people said.) Tony frowned at his coffee. (Oh, shit.) Jesus. (Ha.
Tony nodded stiffly.
“And you’re Howard’s son, and a sub who--”
“Ah!”  Tony cried out, pulling his mouth from Steve’s, panting for breath as Steve moved him faster, up and down against his hard body.
Rogers shook his head, looked back and forth between Tony and Bruce, and asked them both, “So, if this thing is a portal, we can expect something to try and come through, right?”
When Tony arrived in the gym, he froze at the sight that met his eyes: Steve, Clint, and Natasha were training.  No, not training.
Also, I wrote a companion piece for chapter 36 about The Dom in the Coat that you might like to read.  Not necessary to understand chapter 37, but might enrich the experience.  You can find it here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/3308483
Tomorrow marks P&P’s 2 year anniversary!  I posted that first chapter 2 years ago, having no idea what an amazing (and loooooong) journey I was setting out on.  Thank you for joining me and making the last two years so amazing.
“I should have—” Tony tried again.
“Just make it as soon as he can fit me in. Or should I call Jackie myself?” Tony asked, frowning up at the ceiling, then stripping and heading into the shower.
“Oh my God!” Tony laughed. “
“Huh?  Oh.”  Tony took another sip of scotch.  “Yeah.  Fine.”
Steve looked over with a hint of a smile.  “No less strange, for all that it’s a cliché.”
“Hey, what is this shit?” Tony asked peevishly. “I thought I said lockdown?”
“No, of course not,” Bruce said. “I appreciate it, Tony, of course I do, and—“
Tony hastily switched from the energy readings to the Security Blanket schematics.
“Good night, Tony,” he said softly.
“I’m going back to work on the environmental readings,” Bruce said. “Can you look at what I’ve got so far, Tony? It’d be good to bounce some ideas around.”
“Oh? Really?  That’s too bad.” Rogers cleared his throat. “I brought you both some more coffee.”
Hope you liked the new chapter!  There's plenty more to come and comments are a delight as always.  Any favorite bits you'd like to let me know about?  :)
“And I can see not wanting a professional who’d be a stranger, but you could ask for advice from—“ (Tony was about to start suggesting names—Rhodey’s right at the top—but that would be weird, right? Right.) “—from a Dom you trust.”
“Hi, honey bear! Just me!” Tony said cheerfully. “I need a Dom’s advice.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve nodded and kissed Tony.
(I’m dating a virgin who goes to church, and cooks brunch, and wears a suit, and is scrupulously polite to my AI.) Tony nearly laughed into his coffee cup at the thought, then froze. (Wait--)
“Yeah. I bet.” Tony shook himself.
Rogers shrugged. “Didn’t always look like this,” he said mildly. “Besides, I’d expect you to know better than to judge by appearances.”
Tony wanted to poke and jab and jostle, but he didn’t know where it would hurt so none of his usual covers would work; he felt exposed and awkward as he took a step to lay his hand lightly on Rhodey’s shoulder.  (Not enough.)  Tony eased a little closer, arm going around Rhodey’s good side, crutch and all, for a gentle half-hug.  Rhodey smelled like that cheap aftershave Tony always complained about but Rhodey refused to give up.  Tony tipped his forehead against Rhodey’s shoulder and took a deep breath.
“Nope, I’m good,” Tony said a little too quickly.
The wan blue-grey energy field just hovered, shimmering about a foot off the ground; it was the size of an extra-thick king size mattress but did not give Tony a sexy-fun-times vibe.
’ after all?” Steve asked as they approached the elevator.
But Pep was right.  He
hard to find.”
“Sandbags will still be there tomorrow or after dinner,” Tony said. “Stay for dinner and a movie; unwind post-mission. It’s good for your troops’ morale.”
“The garage?” Steve asked, looking bemused.
“Such a tribulation,” Natasha teased. “To dance with society subs  in glittering evening wear.”
“It’s a game, Tony,” Steve replied.
(Dork.) Tony felt a ridiculous surge of affection for the man. As he returned to their table, Tony ran his hand across Steve’s shoulders and, when Steve looked up with an inquiring smile, leaned down to kiss him chastely on the lips.
(It’s not rejection. We’re just taking things slow. For Steve. Because Steve’s a vir--)
It was strange to realize that Rogers had to actively study the present and recent past. Not that Tony hadn’t known it before—obviously the man had a lot of catching up to do, but now it felt more immediate. Rogers had to memorize things other Americans in 2012 just . . .
“That’s me!” he proclaimed with a cocky grin.  “Hey, Pep!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Yeah,” Tony agreed. “In a way, I guess. But I’ll feel better when we understand it.”
Tony felt scalding hot, coiled tight, awash with pleasure.
“You drink on it?”
“Some of them caught fire?” Steve said with a look of concern, then shook himself and said, “Well, these look wonderful! Thank you.”
As breakfast wound to a close, Steve got up to start on the dishes. Before Tony could offer his help, Bruce leapt up.
“Let me get this straight,” Captain Rogers said. “There’s a betting pool at SHIELD. About Mr. Stark’s dating life.” His voice was very calm, but Tom could see that the sturdy mess hall fork was buckling in his grasp. “And I take it there was some sort of competition?”
“Okay, I’ll even the playing field,” Tony said. (After all, he had his thermal under-suit on.) “JARVIS? Power the suit for me, would you? I want him building my arsenal.”
Oh Fuck.  Tony’s heart was pounding.  That was big.
“Fuck!  Oh fuck, Steve,” Tony gasped, then dropped his voice to growl.  “Stay there.  Stay just.  Like. That.”
“Yeah, but—“ Tony fumbled. “Now what?”
They held each other quietly for a few long moments before Tony stirred.  Steve wanted to protest when he moved, thinking Tony wanted to put distance between them, but really he was just shifting up the bed, rearranging them so that Steve was cradled in his arms.  (Huh.)
Bruce squeezed Steve’s shoulder again then leaned in to give him a strange little half-hug.  It felt like acceptance and support, but awkward nevertheless.  (Because, well-- *Bruce.*)  “Er, yeah.  Well, have a nice night, Steve.”
Tony bowed his head and lifted his palms—presenting them to Steve again—and then couldn’t resist arching his back a bit more. (Showing off.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Natasha wanted to smack him.
anyway.)
“Here,” Steve said, sitting down next to Tony on the couch and holding out a cup. “Better have some more water.”
They sat, smiling on the bed, just happy to be together.
“Duh.  That’s why I’m asking!  If I knew, I wouldn’t be asking, would I?”
“Sure.” He held out his cup.
“Yeah.  Thanks.  Oh!  And I want to write the note myself—I’ll leave it at the desk in the lobby of Stark Tower.”
“Wanna know what I think?”
He was (sadly) too spent from his own wrenching orgasm and the reflected satisfaction of Steve’s to be ready for another round yet, but Steve’s body was an inspiring sight. (Maybe in the morning.)
“No, no.  I mean, there’s always stuff to do, right?  But it doesn’t have to be right now.  So shoot, babe.”
Tony’s heart was racing. He came to stand next to Steve and look out at the city with him.
(Nope. That wasn’t it.)
Steve swallowed. “Yeah. Very much.”
“I was a last minute addition,” Johnny said.  “I didn’t do any of the presentation prep, but I’m happy to be here. I asked to work with the Avengers a while ago.”
“Steve!  Steve, I’m close--  I’m--”
“So, are you ready?” Steve asked.
is out of Captain America’s league.”
Natasha and Bruce were standing at the counter looking at something on her tablet while Steve hovered nearby, staring at the elevator doors and looking gorgeous in a dark green sweater and jeans.
I really hope you liked this!  It was so fun to finally get Tony into this story!  Kind words cherished extra hard right now.
“I think we should tell them we’re dating,” Tony said, looking up again.
Not sure I got this chapter to do exactly what I was aiming for, but I doubt obsessing over it will actually lead to further improvement at this point.  So here it is.  AT LAST!!!
(I held his hand in Piacci.)
into the wall—kissing passionately, rutting against each other, hard and frantic.  Instead he stood very still, trying not to fidget under Tony’s considering gaze.  It made Steve feel like an equation Tony was trying to solve, a schematic that wasn’t quite turning out as imagined.  Steve focused on the pressure around his wrist and tried to let it ground him.
Tony shrugged and began his cool down routine.
Tony snorted. “Yeah. Well, at least I’m not the only one being left out of the loop.”
Rogers turned his attention to the screen.
Tony grunted.
whiney.)  Tony gave Rhodey an exaggerated leer then added, “And by ‘dodging’ I mean--”  He waggled his eyebrows and Rhodey chuckled.
Tony smiled a little wider: Steve was crazy about him; he was a shy, conscientious virgin; and Talking was
Tony smiled and changed the subject. “So, how’s the suit?”
“I’m fine,” Tony reassured him. He took a sip of his scotch.
“Yeah, yeah, it’s amazing,” Clint said.  “So, like, can we eat it yet?”
“I thought we would eat at the table,” Steve said plaintively.
Steve clenched his fists and forced himself to lift his eyes from the carpet.
Steve stirred a little, let out a deep sigh and rolled over.
“When would you like the appointment, sir?”
is serious business. JARVIS? Roll the next episode on the list. And order us some brunch, would ya?”
Tony, making Tony take it . . . but how could anyone possibly want this?  The idea of all that responsibility felt like it might crush Steve into thousand pieces just thinking about it.
!” Tony cried.  “I demand hobbits!  And popcorn!”
Tony’s mouth twisted and he let out a bitter laugh.
“Hey, man, are you okay?”
Steve wrapped strong arms around Tony from behind, pressing his chest to Tony’s back.  “Hey, sweetheart,” Steve murmured softly.  He pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple and nuzzled a little against his neck, then he rested his chin on Tony’s shoulder, just holding him.  They were silent a few moments.
“Mmmhmm.” Rhodey paused. “ ‘Cause, you know, I can’t help noticing Steve still calls you ‘Mr. Stark.’”
Tony felt like maybe he should say something—though whether to remind Steve that he could withdraw his contract
“I should get you some water, Steve.  Okay?”
“Maybe he just wants some time to himself,” Natasha said quietly, her expression perfectly neutral, that look that said,
Steve thrust again, his thighs quivering, and Tony gave another encouraging moan. Tony sucked eagerly, as Steve fucked into his mouth with stuttering little movements. (Please, please . . .)
“Refill?” Steve asked, with an apologetic smile.
Tony waved a hand dismissively. “You needed the rest.”
“Bullshit.”
“Excuse me?” Tony said indignantly, spinning around. “What?”
Tony took a sip of his hot chocolate and said softly, “It’s good.  Reminds me of Jarvis.”
Vast gratitude to rendingrozencrantz, multifandom-madness, and rex_luscious for their help getting these photomanips into the chapter!  (Seriously, I couldn't have figured this stuff out on my own.  I'm worse than Steve when it comes to coding.)
“Of course, Mr. Stark,” Katie said briskly. Another pause, then more softly, “People don’t know half the good you do.”
It was an order; reluctantly, Steve obeyed.
Steve shook his head and set aside
When Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s jutting hipbone, his breath warmed Tony’s groin and Tony wondered with a jolt if Steve might actually suck him.  Then again, his half-limp dick didn’t look that appealing (not even to him) and it wasn’t exactly the sort of thing that male Doms tended to like.  They usually thought it was too “subby” to suck cock—and, well, apart from that it was hardly something a beginner like Steve would gravitate towards first, right?  So, Tony wasn’t surprised or disappointed when Steve left a lingering kiss on his stomach and got to his feet, kissing a trail from Tony’s hip back to his neck.
The Avengers suites took shape quickly—amazing what money can buy! Tony actually enjoyed the challenge of designing a gym for a super-soldier and an archery range and training zone for crazy ninjas.  Ha!  Let’s see Barton keep his perfect record against Tony’s speedy little targets.  (Good luck with that, Katniss.)  So what if Tony gave up a private floor to communal use.  Big deal—he had all the amenities he needed on the top floor and, let’s face it, he spent 80% of his time in the shop anyway.  So, Tony told the three Doms that Stark Tower would be ready for them on Friday, any time after 9 am.
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Jackie tousled his hair.
Tony rubbed his neck and tried to hold in a frustrated sigh.  “Yeah, I see what you mean.  But what if you want to say no or stop but don’t want to mean it.”
Even without a safeword, wouldn’t it be clear to Tony if he was unhappy?  And, if Tony was enjoying it would he really want to stop?  He wanted to please Tony.  Oh fuck.  He wanted to please Tony so badly, wanted to drive him wild with lust and be caught up in the storm of it.  If Tony was happy that would make him happy.  Right?
Tony worried his bottom lip a moment. He glanced around the workshop. Dummy was still playing ball, unaware of the tension behind him. (Lucky bot.) Tony cleared his throat.
“Pfft,” Tony said, waving it away. “I already told you—it’s fine. And you got me the Starship Enterprise! And gave me drawings of Dummy. Really, what more could a guy ask for? Now, come on! Chop chop! Your present awaits.”
Steve Rogers was in his kitchen wearing a ghastly suit and tie.  (Seriously, was that Brooks Brothers?)  It was so bad it was almost hipster, but Rogers didn’t wear it with irony.  And Rogers was as far from hipster build as could be, ugly brown suit and navy tie or no.
place in Tulum.”
“I like Shakespeare.”
,” Tony added.  (Take that!)
The Agent, who’d looked more and more distressed as Tony spoke, now stepped in front of the door.  Tony glared.
Tony shrugged and added in a lighter tone, one that didn’t fool Natasha and probably didn’t fool himself either: “But that’s fine. I’m hardly in the position to be getting into anything long term anyway.”
“I’m really not sure what to do,” Steve said, on the Avengers’ private comm. “It doesn’t appear to be hostile though.”
Reassurances offered, Tony tried to rekindle the mood, lowering his voice again, “Wouldn’t you like that? Like to work up a sweat and wrestle me down? Panting and pinned, helpless beneath you?”
“You’re good for him,” she said quietly.
Steve let go and leaned back, the disappointment heavy in his stomach. He got awkwardly to his feet and stepped away.
“Leap of faith, Hawk!” Tony called getting in position.  Clint jumped from his ledge just as it was overwhelmed with giant digital spiders.  Tony caught his chest harness in one gauntlet and flew him across the gym to the next ledge.
“Tony, it’s been a rough quarter,” Pepper protested.
“Toooooony,” Pepper whined from her perch on the coffee table. “You said you’d sing with me!”
railing, but Tony drifted over as if against his will.
“Mayonnaise for French fries?” Steve said, squinting at the menu.
“How do you want me? Do you want me on my knees?” Tony murmured.  “Sucking your cock soft and slow?”
“What?!”  Steve’s mouth dropped and he looked at Tony in shock for a second, then clamped his jaw shut.
Thanks so much to everyone for the amazing comments on the last chapter!  I'm so sorry I haven't responded to them individually, but I was really busy with RL and so eager to write and post this chapter for you instead that it never quite happened.  I hope you'll accept more story as an apology. :-)
“Tony?” Steve said. “I’m really glad you didn’t let him cut in.”
“Well that’s good.”
close that portal. It was the right call.)
“Oh God,” Bruce murmured. He was looking a little green and backing away from the battle when Tony snatched him up one-armed, pulling the doctor close to his chest.
“Yes!” Tony said, waving his hands. “Why didn’t you call me sooner?”
“Now?” Steve looked startled.
“Please join me.”
But wise men never fall in love
thing?”  And arrow whizzed past Iron Man’s sensors to hit the simulated baddy behind him.  “And you get that in this analogy you’re
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well I’m not!”
“Yes, please,” Tony purred.
“Perish the thought.”
“Oh god,” Steve whispered, trembling against him. “Fuck.
Steve blinked.  “Sheild.”
, Age 27; Number 187.) “There was a Jennifer Winters on the casualty list. Do you know if--?”
“Damn it, Pepper! Just fucking tell me!” It was far from his usual roar, but it echoed in the blank, cold hospital room.
(Right in front of me. Okaaay.)
And Steve wanted to tell the team. They were going to tell the team they were dating
“Do we get a name?” Colbert asks, “Or are you going to leave us in suspense?”
“Anything you want. Please, Steve?” Tony said softly. “Please? You’re in charge.”
Tony’s throat felt a little tight and, without meaning to, he found the words arranging themselves into speculative sentences:
Public Service Announcement!
Tony swallowed. “Okay, uh. Give me the left leg, then the right.”
“Could you honestly have said that three months ago?” Steve asked.
“I’m pretty good.”  She hesitated.  “Well, I was a bit worried when I couldn’t reach you, but JARVIS swore you were okay.”
Tony fell asleep long before they reached Shelob.
“Coffee?” Tony asked, taking it with a smile and mock surprise. “How did you know?”
Rhodey was frowning. He took a deep breath and said a little more softly, “But, you know, if he
.) Tony bit his lip, unsure if Bruce would continue or if he ought to say something. Tony waited.
“JARVIS! Give us some music!” Tony demanded. “I want Britney and Beyonce!”
“So beautiful, sweetheart,” Steve murmured softly.  “You’re perfect, Tony . . . Love you . . . Love you so much . . .”
And so I come to you my love
Rogers’ eyes glimmered with mischief and he added in a conspiratorial whisper, “Breaking the second one
Tony nodded.  “True.  The episode’s more about cultural relativism; not so self-aware about the intrinsic injustices of colonialism.  Still groundbreaking for its time, though.”
Steve’s hand sped up and he was making a steady stream of desperate little noises.  (Oh fuck!  Steve!)
“But you know what I’ve always thought your most beautiful feature is?”  Tony asked.
“I mean,” Steve went on, “nobody was gonna care how I presented. There was no Howard. And if I’dda been a sub, it wouldn’t have been a surprise—we always figured I’d be inverted.”
Tony paused. Steve just frowned at the coffee table in silence. Tony shifted uneasily.
Rogers took another deep breath and resumed speaking so quietly Tom could barely hear it, even with the enhancers: “But I won’t. I won’t because it’s all too possible I’d break your spine on impact. Or shatter your nose and drive the bone shards into your brain, killing you instantly.”
Thank you all so much for the happiness this story has brought me!  I honestly would have quit writing it if it weren't for your continued interest and support, and I'm very grateful that you've encouraged me to keep going. It has been a really wonderful thing in my life and that is your doing.
at Tony crooked. It’d nearly driven Tony up the wall and they’d fought a bit, but in the end Tony’d let it go.  (Rhodey loves me.)  He was willing to take it as the annoying affection of an overprotective friend not the patronizing act of an orientationist douchebag. (And, well, he
“No. Not with SHIELD.” Steve reached for the coffee pot, then paused. “With Dr. Jefferson.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve had always liked Emily Dickinson.
The phone was silent and Tony could practically hear her weighing words in the silence.
“Hey, JARVIS?” Tony called hesitantly.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Natasha still
Tony’s heart was hammering in his chest, which didn’t make sense at all.  Natasha reached up and very lightly touched his shoulder.
“Does that feel good, baby?”  Tony asked, voice a little rough.  Steve nodded and, since he wasn’t cuffed to anything yet, took the opportunity to reach up and touch Tony’s face, to run his fingers along his neck, his shoulders, his chest.  He’d hardly gotten to touch Tony at all tonight.  He gave a little tug and Tony obliged him with a smile, leaning down for a kiss.  Steve parted his lips, licked Tony’s until they parted too, and Steve could press his tongue into Tony’s mouth, hot and wet.  He let his hands rove Tony’s body, caressing his back then pulling him close.  Tony let out a little ‘ouph’ as he collapsed against Steve.
Tony shrugged.
Tony woke abruptly, bladder full and overheated. Steve’s arm was slung around his waist, his warm body pressed to Tony’s back as he breathed deeply in sleep. It was very dark; Tony fumbled for his phone to check the time, then realized that he hadn’t brought it to the bed stand after their scene. It was just as well probably; he could already feel the itchy need to check Twitter and see how they’d been received, but he wasn’t actually looking forward to it. (What does CAPTAIN AMERICA want with a used up whore like STARK bla bla bla etc etc etc.) Tony sighed. Steve was gonna see red. And Tony still needed to pee.
“Good night, Tony.”
Tony gasped.  He came, shooting his come across the sheets and spattering the back of Steve’s thigh and ass.  Tony shuddered, face pressed against Steve’s sweat slicked thigh.  (Beautiful . . . perfect . . . oh fuck!)  Tony felt flushed and warm.  The moments slipped by as Tony tried to catch his breath.
Tony rolled his eyes.  He grabbed his mug and took a long sip.  “We’ve got plenty of coffee.”
“You know that it is,” Bruce snapped, then took a deep breath and relaxed his fist.  “I am interested.  Very interested.”
Tony looked around restless and discontented until—ah ha!
Tony shook his head. “Never figured you for such an avid photographer, Clint.”
“Captain Rogers is in the elevator.”
Steve made a helpless little gesture and Tony’s breath caught in his throat, choking on a rush of something he couldn’t quite get in order.
•	SHIELD SWAT Team 004
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Rhodey snorted. “Oh, she mighta done that thing I hate where she calls and says, ‘so, have you talked to Tony lately?’ and when I say it’s been, like, a week she’s all ‘okay, nevermind, talk to you later!’ making it damn clear that she was only calling to talk about
“Also, has anybody told Pepper she looks like Taylor Swift?” Clint asked. “The black skinny jeans and red lips really do it.”
Tony nodded and stepped away. “See you soon.”
Confused but intrigued, Tony did.  He explained the equipment that was required in the walls of the entire room so that they could create an illusory surface for the projected light to hit.  The miniature cameras. The pixel density.  Rogers asked a few decent questions—he’d clearly been reading since their chat about the spectrometer.
Tony laughed. “You’re incorrigible.”
“Mmmm,” Steve murmured.
“I . . .” Tony hesitated. “Some of last night’s a little . . .
“No, it’s fine!” Tony reassured him. “I’ll come down later to look at what you’ve got. I think I might be getting near a break-through too. But, I’ll come down later, ok?”
The portal was far less spooky here in some ways—perhaps because daylight and no creepy carousel horses—but it was worryingly public and its pattern had changed. Tony didn’t like that at all. Last time, Bob had appeared near the ground, not high in the air. Also, it was now much larger.
“Like hell it doesn’t!”
Tony noticed with a certain savage satisfaction.  Good.  They should.
“Lend you a hand there, soldier?” Tony said.
“Look, Tony,” Clint said. “I know I was surprised at breakfast. About you and Steve. Just, I hope you know it’s not that I think anything . . . bad.” (Huh?) Clint added falteringly, “About you.”
(Maybe now, maybe—)
showering?”
“Mmmmm,” Tony murmured, eyes still shut.  He shifted against Steve, holding him close, savoring the long expanse of his warm body. Steve ran his fingers over Tony’s pajamas in a caress, skating down Tony’s shoulder, his chest, his side, then coming to rest on his hip.
“Red, yellow, green.”
“But you didn’t,” Tony said, unrepentant. “And may I just add how incredibly lucky I feel to see you in your Wonder Woman outfit holding a gun? I’m more than a little turned on right now. Don’t let word get out—you’ll have a string of switches and subs breaking in, willing to risk death for the sight of you like this.”
“The parts you ordered arrived,” Rogers added, “so I brought those down too.”
have more wine?” Tony cried, “Silly question!  What were you thinking?”
Shall come to thee, O Israel.
A pause.
(Oh fuck!  Mine, mine, mine!  Ok—breathe, Tony.)
“I want you to come for me, Tony.”
“Maybe give us a few minutes,” Tony told the server.
It was 4 PM and Tony was answering email on his phone, waiting in a conference room for some of SHIELD’s R&D kids to come consult with him on something something defensive technology something blabla.  It was fine.  JARVIS was still hacking, so he couldn’t leave yet anyway.
/\                               /\                              /\                                /\
Steve nodded, cheek pressed against Tony’s palm, but then Tony was leaning back, taking his hand away.  It left Steve momentarily unbalanced.  He looked up at Tony who was giving him this open, expectant look.
“I keep wanting to touch you,” Steve confessed quietly, “but I shouldn’t trouble you when you’re driving.”
“Oh, that? Meh. Even my dream team can’t control the tabloids. Bla bla, Stark’s a slut, bla bla.” Tony rolled his eyes. “Either they’ll say I’m serving the Avengers as team whore and you’re all banging me, or that I’m a seductive little minx who has lured you all into my den of vice as my harem of Dominants.” Tony paused. “Actually, they’ll probably run one story, then the other—why choose?” Tony shrugged it off. “But, don’t let it get to you, Cap.”
“We’d be done pretty fast otherwise,” Natasha pointed out.
Tony danced with Jamal, a good friend of Veronica’s who had a charming laugh and a strong lead. He danced with Mr. Klein (the old goat!) because he was a good connection for Stark Industries, and trod heavily on the man’s foot whenever his hand strayed too low. He danced with a Dom he’d never met before who clutched at his hand far too tightly and led with stiff limbed brutality—Tony excused himself for the powder room half-way through the song. And he had an enjoyable dance with a Dom he was sure he’d slept with, but whose name he couldn’t remember. (Really, all Tony remembered about him was that he’d failed to impress in bed, but whether it was indifference to a sub’s pleasure or pure incompetence Tony’d never decided.)
Oh fuck his eyes hurt. Where were the fucking eyedrops?
“Really?” Steve sounded surprised.
(Fresh air would clear his head. Right?) Tony tapped absently at the arc reactor. (Fuck it. Who cares
the grand experiment on purpose.”
“So, hey, why don’t you come down to the lab and we’ll give those results another look. We can make a pot of that smelly tea you like!”
Tony looked at the little box, the duffle bag, the shield.  (
“Did you try turning it off and back on again?”  Tony asked, eyebrow raised.
“Oh.” Steve looked vaguely disappointed. He started opening his wallet. “Well at least let me—“
“I’d love to meet Ms. Potts,” Belford said, then pitched his voice lower, “but at the moment, I’d much rather talk to you.”
Thank you all so very much for your encouragement, support, advice, and offers of help getting this chapter posted and formatted.  Thanks in particular to PollyQ, ds862, inkstainedcoffeeaddict, luminare_ardua.  Y’all are amazing.  And, three cheers for my amazing friend, Rex Luscus, who made actual post-its for this chapter, something which is far beyond my skill set.
“Nice work, team!” Steve said, beaming at them.  The bastard wasn’t even sweating, despite their grueling training session.
“We wait,” Steve answered her, sounding decisive. Then added, glancing over at Tony, “What I wouldn’t give for a Vulcan who could mind meld.”
“I don’t,” Steve said, backing away. “We’re better than that.”
! But I guess the workout caught up with me unexpectedly.”
And, if you're curious, the Eewoo was inspired by the Horta from Star Trek and this amazing video about the mimic octopus: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-LTWFnGmeg  Enjoy!
“Please call me Steve,” Rogers said warmly.
“Uh, let me get back to you on that. I’ll ask the team.”
Steve was fifteen minutes early for his interview, so he paced the side streets nearby killing time since he didn’t want to look too eager (or desperate). He was glad Miss Rushman had offered to meet at a pub near the Academy instead of making him travel all the way to her offices in upper Manhattan, saying she would be in the area anyway. When he’d asked how he’d recognize her if The Old Pony was crowded, she’d replied that she’d find him--then reminded him that she’d ‘seen him before’ in a tone that made him blush.
And Pepper had wanted to leave it at that, but Tony badgered her.  Apparently, Lang donated heavily to the DOMSS (Defenders of Matrimonial Structural Stability), the OFTF (Organization for Traditional Families), and ORG (the Orientation Research Group—such an innocuous name for a dubiously legal organization dedicated to finding a chemical “cure” for male submission). Jacob Lang made Mark Huckabee look like a liberationist liberal. And Lang had always prided himself on running a “morality-based corporation,” so apparently Stark Industries had competition as a result. Hammer Corp also wanted to pounce on Lang’s crumbling empire and Pepper was struggling to snatch Lang Inc. first at the best price she could get.  Reminding Lang of the “Stark” in Stark Industries wouldn’t help them.
Cucina Paradiso it turned out was a few steps below street level, with small windows that looked up towards the sidewalk. It was modest real estate and Tony steeled himself for horrific checkered table clothes, candles in chianti bottles, and limp overcooked pasta. (Tony
“I’d be in the way,” Pepper objected weakly.
Tony tapped his fingers against the arc reactor:
Jackie’s eyes lit up.
“Oh!” (Shit.) Steve shook his head. “I'm not-- I didn't expect--”
“Speaking of,” Clint said, “Can we get started? Let’s get started. I wanna put mini-me in the tree!”
“Of course, Ms. Potts.”
) at the Captain.  “Haven’t gotten to Guantanamo Bay on the reading list yet, have you?”
“It is this time,” Tony said taking out his phone and scrolling through it. “You’ve got a whole set of hashtags. My favorites are ‘
@redskins4ever
“Get your hands off me or I’ll press charges.”
Tony kissed him very lightly on the lips, running his fingers through Steve’s hair.  Steve wanted to squirm closer, but Tony hadn’t said he could move.  He twisted his hands, testing the feeling of the ropes around his wrists.  (
This was
Steve frowned. “Star Trek isn’t the solution to everything.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony! Don’t be absurd. I was just concerned. And a little surprised you didn’t call.” A pause, then she said rather primly, “I’m glad you got to talk to Rhodey about your date.”
“Sleep tight!” Tony called to the bots and took the elevator up to the gym.
Tony sighed and walked over to the coffee maker.
of venture capital just pouring in, but to take it to the next level, you know—“
Steve nodded and seemed to gather his thoughts. He poured himself a glass of water, and took a sip.
Tony shook his head and pressed his face to Steve’s crisp white shirt. He shuddered again.
Google: “Tony Stark.”  Rogers had started with footage of Iron Man, then Tony's last appearance on The Daily Show and a rant about him by Pat Riley on Fox News.  More footage of Iron Man on youtube and, oh yeah, the CSPAN clip of Tony calling senators ass clowns.
Pepper dropped by with papers to sign. She stroked Tony’s hair, gave him a kiss, then left him to his work, exiting with the clicking of stilettos and a soft, “call if you need me.”
“How’re you holding up?” Tony asked, handing over Steve’s beer.
Steve nodded.
Pepper snorted.  “The shoes.  The flowers.  Yes, I know they were intended as a thank you and I appreciate that, even if I’m not exactly sure what it is you’re thanking me for, but they’re also an invitation to talk.  You wouldn’t have included the note like that if you didn’t want to talk about it.  So,”--  Pepper took a sip of her wine and gave him a little smile-- “you can ramble as long as you like, but I’m going to keep asking you what’s going on.  Because I know that under all your bluster you want to tell me and I want to listen.”  A pause.  “Because I care about you.”
Tony nodded with satisfaction. (Okay. The problem was balancing processing speed and energy expenditures. If he wanted a single charge to last twelve hours then—)
“Thank you.
“I don’t trust myself!” Bruce took another deep breath. “I’d never forgive myself if I hurt her.”
As he rambled, Steve’s smile grew warmer and wider, chasing the sad shadows from his face, until he finally laid a hand on Tony’s arm. Tony fell abruptly silent.
“I don’t see any salad,” Tony said, tone accusing. “You
“Stark tech. Avengers.”  Tony shrugged.  “
Steve was embarrassed to realize his palms were sweating.
Steve sank to his knees.  It felt good to kneel, to know he was doing what Tony had asked of him.  The thick carpet was soft under his knees.  It was warm in Tony’s room, warmer than usual, and Steve had a feeling that Tony had asked JARVIS to the heat up just for him.  Tony would take care of him.
His Dom who cooked and cleaned.
“Well, I was talking with Natasha yesterday about my status. She said I was effectively discharged after the crash. So I think that means I'd still be eligible for the benefits from the GI Bill, right?” Bruce blinked-- he looked a little surprised but he nodded and Steve charged on. “So, I'd have a scholarship. I could apply to City College and get more of a formal education. I started looking at it on the internet. I did manage to finish high school, though I don't see how I could get copies of my high school transcripts or diploma-- not that they'd do me much good-- but I thought maybe Natasha would be able to help me come up with something. And apparently there are these tests I'd have to take, but I could start studying for those now so I could probably do okay on those.”
“Oh well, in that case,” Tony said and pressed another kiss to Steve’s lips. He was sorely tempted to tease with his tongue and press for more, but now was neither the right time nor the right place and he was capable of self-restraint. (Sometimes. Sort of.)
“Hey, Steve!” Tony called, feeling weirdly nervous. It’s not like Steve would be able to look at him and know he’d been browsing five figure cufflinks.
Steve took a deep breath.
And he’d always been the kind of guy to throw himself off a cliff.
“Do you think you’ll be able to close the portal?” Steve asked, looking at Bruce and Tony, then back up to the sky.
“That’s what I thought,” Clint said smugly. He hobbled awkwardly over to Tony’s bed, dragging a bag full of chips, DVDs, and a laptop. “Budge over.” Clint climbed onto the bed next to him and started setting the laptop up on his knees.
The spies arrived in the afternoon.  Tony’d given them an uneventful tour of their new spaces—Barton’s sleek and modern, Romanov’s old-world refinement—and then had taken them up to get the JARVIS talk with Rogers.  The Captain seemed pleased to see them and Clint soon dragged him off for a demonstration of the gaming console.
Tony fled.
“Sorry about running off,” Steve said, picking up his beer.
“Yep.”
you.”  Steve’s voice was almost small as he added, looking down, “I want you any way you’ll have me.”
Steve bobbed his head, up and down, working his lips and tongue, trying to remember the things Tony had done to him, the ones that made his toes curl and his blood sing. It was strange, doing this alone on a
how hard it was for him to stay quiet.  It was like holding his finger in a dam.
“Okay, I shouldn’t have yelled,” Tony said.  “I really am sorry about that.”
“Meanwhile, science team—work on fitting the latest readings into a pattern.”
Then his face went serious again. He kissed Tony on the forehead and said, “But you’re perfect for me.” Tony didn’t know what to say to that so he didn’t say anything.
Tony turned back to the console and gave a deliberately absent, “Mmm.”
Agent Dominick was the last to leave the gym; he and Rogers were alone. (Or so they thought.) Rogers returned his phone to his belt pocket.
“Morning, Natasha,” Steve said, sitting up and sounding a little sheepish.
He leaned up to seal their mouths again for a hot and frantic kiss when—
“Uh, the team were ordering pizza and talking about a movie.”
“I’ve emailed the précis of the other events and coverage we recommend, to you and your team. I’ll expect to talk to you shortly.”
“It’s November twelfth.”
“So, here I am, big fella,” Tony said in a low voice, pressing his thigh against Steve’s. “Yours to do with as you please—whether you’re tucking me into bed, picking up where we left off, or … something else.”
“Right,” Tony said. A long pause, then, “Sorry?”
“Touché.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Pepper told you to ask that, didn’t she?”
“I’ll come out soon.  I promise.”
“No.” WHAP! “It’s not something—“ Thud-thud. “That can be repeated in polite company.” THUD!
“Green,” Tony said urgently.  “Green, green, green.”
Clint snorted. “Sure.” He relaxed very slightly.
Something about it felt off.  Steve was still tense.  Tony wanted to press, but didn’t want to add any stress.  (Maybe he could ask Natasha?)
Steve eased his fingers free and wiped them on a towel; Tony’s heart leapt.
(Huh.) Apparently, Captain America also used his phone as a way to avoid eye-contact and deflect attention; as he lingered outside Gym B, Rogers fiddled with his phone, frowning with concentration, and the junior agents who began to approach (with wide eyed veneration) lost their nerve and filtered down the hall.
Tony was the first to get to the common room. He was still smiling a satisfied smile when Steve entered, frowning.
(But if I adjust it, maybe . . .
(Shit, shit, shit!  Words, Rogers!  Come on!)  Steve opened his mouth, but Tony rushed on.
“Are you sure?”
“Then what’s--?”
The line was silent for a moment, then Rhodey said expansively, “Soooo what’s this I hear about Christmas celebrations in Stark Tower? Courtesy of one Tony Stark, atheist?”
“Steve?” Tony said softly.  Steve looked up.  Tony smiled at him and Steve relaxed a little.  He smiled back.
“Not disappointed at all,” Tony said, squeezing Steve’s hand.
“Got ‘em, Cap!”
Tony was still deciding whether to tear Clint a new one or just let Rogers call him Tony when the Captain spoke up.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve’s reluctance was obvious, some sort of inward battle taking place, but after a few moments he took out his wallet and handed Tony a small, very old black and white photograph that had been folded inside. It was a picture of Steve, thin face, tiny shoulders, sunken chest. Steve before the serum.
Tony freezes on the spot. He wouldn’t have expected Steve to just flat out say it like that, like he didn’t care at all. Carefully, Tony looks back up at him, trying to catch his expression.
“He took the soul gem,” she admits. “The Time gem is the last one he needs.”
Harry laughs in return. Peter smiles, sitting up again and looking up at the ceiling.
“Oh, but Nilla was very talented with her power: fire. The king kept her, so she’d work for him. She still does, I guess.”
“Uh, I have an appointment at Stark Industries in an hour, and thought I could just… kill time here for a while,” Peter shrugs. Steve’s eyes go wide upon the mention at Mr. Stark’s company.
“C’mon, don’t hold back for me,” Tony tells him. Peter clears his throat again and then nods. At the same time, the two move forward. When Peter’s once again wrapped safely in Steve’s strong arms, he lets out a content sigh.
“Tomorrow.”
But the clock is ticking, and it’s distracting Peter in a bad way.
“You should get some sleep. There’ll be some people who are going to talk with you tomorrow. Of course, Dr. Wynedell has been notified. She’ll be here tomorrow as well.”
“DO YOU REALLY WANT US TO DIE?!”
Shit, what exactly happened last night? He remembers having another panic attack, but other than that… all he can recall that, apparently, he chased Steve off.
Sleepwalking. Somnabulism, or noctabulism, are other terms for it. It’s a phenomenon of combined sleep and wakefulness and is classified as a sleeping disorder. That’s what comes into Peter’s mind while he lowers himself down on a balcony of whichever building he’s currently hanging from. He frowns, looking through the windows but only seeing his dark reflection in return. There’s no light anywhere near here.
- Alcohol
After she ordered her sandwich, she searched for a new distraction. An old television, hanging in one of the corners, caught her attention. A reporter was talking about some sort of war. Well, at least, it looked like a war, since they were showing explosions and demolished buildings.
“You should just… do it. Take it into your own hands, Johnny,” Peter assures him with a reassuring smile. He closes his eyes and leans his head against Johnny’s while they listen to the music going on.
“And we’re both here illegally,” Wanda mutters out. Nobody responds to that, instead starting up the first Harry Potter movie.
JARVIS asks at one point. Tony passes a hand over his face, letting out a long breath.
“Wait, Yaël, why did Wade put you out of the bar like that? I mean, he always seems so nice, I can’t imagine him just dumping you outside for just a reason like a little fight.”
“If you want to, sure. Steve, you want to come, too?”
Then he ignores him as he starts asking if he can help. Using FRIDAY and the assistance of Veronica to get the ship back together, he’s extremely aware of Peter following him, trying his best to make things right.
“How’s the scar?” Peter asks. He hasn’t seen it, Tony never shows it after all.
“Damn it!” she cursed as she grabbedher shoulder.
“It’s Peter,” he breathes out. Then he points towards Thanos, who is being approached by a certain young teenager currently in a brand-new iron suit. So far, it doesn’t seem like the big guy knows he’s coming, but that luck won’t last. Every attempt at sneaking up on him has failed. Too many have lost their lives for it.
“Can’t you just, I don’t know, take a rain-check on this one? Let someone else lead the team,” Tony tries. It doesn’t work with Steve, who just rolls his eyes.
Maybe she wasn’t a good person after all.
“Why didn’t you- how could you-?”
“Good. Say, king T’Challa is coming over Sunday as well. There was something political he needed to attend. But he’s bringing that sister of his along.”
“It’s… nothing, really. Peter and I… we took a beat. I don’t really know how to act around him anymore, and it’s not his fault, it’s my own,” Tony admits, clutching too tightly to his glass. Then he downs it all at once, swallowing the sweet taste of the wine. It’s a good one, he chose well this time.
“He’s alright,” Steve agrees. Then he gently kisses Tony on the shoulder. “If anything, I think he only texted us to ask if you found anything on that cat-lady.”
Shit, that’s his dad. Looking up at Jones in horror, Peter realizes she must put two and two together. She is a PI, after all.
“Where are you going?” Peter asks, posing the way she wants him to pose and waiting for her to snap the picture. His eyes are showing spots after the shot is taken.
“YOU’RE THE AVATAR!” he exclaimed. Yaël rolled her eyes.
By the time evening falls, Tony announces that they’ll be leaving again. Peter says goodbye to everybody, promising to stay in touch with everybody and exchanging out phone numbers and Facebook profiles, until a cab arrives to drive them back to the airport, where Tony’s private jet is waiting for them. Steve and Sam aren’t there to meet up with them. Peter figures it’s useless to ask questions.
“NOBODY WOULD OCCUPY THEMSELVES WITH SUCH BRAINDEAD ACTIONS, EXCEPT YOU!” She was grateful that Logan thinking of her as someone who was less braindead than Wade.
Tony stays quiet for a little bit. Peter figures he’s thinking about his answer before actually speaking. That’s a lot, coming from Tony, since the guy usually just speaks out everything he’s thinking.
“It really wasn’t,” Pepper assures him. “Listen, Tony, people of the board. We should all just get to the point; you want Tony to invent more. Good, I want that, too. But I think we first should think of the reason as to why there haven’t been as many things coming out in the past year, no?”
“How’s it goin’, Peter?”
“I kinda just broke up with my boyfriend,” she admits. “But it’s okay, we’re still friends.”
“And what was the disagreement about?” Rhodey wonders. Tony just shrugs in return.
“Like I’m going to tell you,” Peter returns, crossing his arms.
“You guys getting this?” he asks. The two bots make an affirmative movement. Tony bites his lip, feeling a bit nervous about it. “Alright, let’s get this thing started.”
“I think we should disband the Revengers,” Thor said, ignoring their conversation and pulling Brunhilde and Yaël from their thoughts.
Peter, why do you have the suit?” he asks but another part of him knows the answer. It’s so obvious. The way the kid’s voice seemed to sound familiar, no matter how much he tries to shield it away. The way they’re the same height, age, have the same sense of humor. The fact that Peter was there when Gwen Stacy died. The web-shooters…
“It’s not that-“
Tony decides to wait. Letting the suit surround him again, he gets back into the air. He could just search out Strange, see if he can talk to him already. Then, after fixing this universe – he can’t leave it the way it is right now – Tony will ask Strange to send him back. If he can, that is… If not… he needs to build something.
Things with MJ are good. In a way, it doesn’t feel like much has changed other than the fact that now they get to kiss once in a while. Peter tries not to let whatever took control the last time do that again, but that means once again that he has to restrain himself. Whenever his body gets those urges to just grab her and kiss the life out of her, he instead puts his hands on her hips and lets her do whatever she wants to do.
Peter shudders a bit. “What things?” he asks.
“Go, Eddie! Get out of here!” Peter shouts at him. He doesn’t wait to see if he actually follows through, instead jumping into the air and webbing himself up against another building. Then, using even more web, he slings towards the next building. It takes a couple of seconds for him to finally reach the top of the building. Then, carefully, he inches closer to the web, taking in the situation in front of him.
Steve grumbles for a moment longer before he loosens his arms again, accepting the position Tony is trying to achieve. With Tony’s back pressed against Steve’s chest, the super-soldier takes his hands once again into his own.
“At least a year after the surgery! Not permanently!” Tony counters. Steve and Peter roll their eyes. “C’mon, I love being an Avenger!”
“So you’re telling me that it’s my fault your friend doesn’t want to hang out with you?” Wow, that one hurt really bad. Was that what was going on? Did Peter just not want to be her friend? Did she annoy him or anything? Maybe she suffocated him by visiting him after pierced by the Green Goblin… . No, wait, maybe Tony was just trying to make her feel bad so she’d bugger off!
Tony shrugs.
“Good, because I had a few plans for the afternoon, you know?”
“Tony-“ Steve then starts, but Tony holds up his hand to silence him.
“Petey, where do you want me to put your trumpet?”
The Space stone, which is in New Asgard. Thor must have sent Steve back here with that.
“We need to find him,” he states.
Speaking to Wilson took less effort than he’d expected. The two of them respect each other, and they know where they stand. If Tony admits that he’s wrong, he knows that Sam will not take that lightly. Because Tony
“Yes. I love art very much. It’s the complexity in things, but also the variety in it. Like, there are paintings in so many genres, but then there’s sculptures as well, and I love just finding the connections between the two of them.”
“The first one!” Yaël decided to leave Peter’s daddy issues out of the conversation, that was too personal, and Steve had no need for that info.
It starts with her storming towards Thor, who now has only one eye and short hair. When standing next to him, Peter had been suddenly reminded of how small she actually is. But, never too small to slap her space-boyfriend on the face with an angry expression on her face.
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Tony asks with a loud voice as he uses his repulsors to keep a few aliens away from his partner. Steve turns to Tony with the biggest fear Tony’s ever seen in his eyes.
Mr. Stark observes the gauntlet at first, but then nods.
“Why?” he asks. Peter bites his lip.
Once again, the crowd starts cheering, almost breaking Tony’s ears. He grins, taking a few steps back while he sees Steve awkwardly move forward, keeping a hand above his eyes to cancel out the light. He waves at the people awkwardly before Tony pushes him forward a bit. Nodding towards the public, Steve seems to understand what he means.
Just as he expects anybody to say something, some cold chill passes through him. Something is about happen, and his entire body is aware of it. He tries to say something, to warn Mr. Stark and Mr. Morita about the danger that might be nearing, but then they suddenly hear a loud crash in the hallway.
“What’s wrong?” he asked her again while Yaël unwillingly leaned against him and tried to get away from him again.
Tony chuckles. “You’re going to regret asking that question,” he says.
Then, taking another quick look at the picture, Tony is reminded of a lazy Sunday morning a few weeks back. Steve slept in for once, and it came to the rare point where Tony was awake before him. Tony had pulled out his cellphone and woke Steve up by kissing him on the cheek, exactly at the same time that he took a picture. It had been a good one, and it’s still, currently, saved onto his phone.
Okay, this wasn’t going well.
“NO! I can do this!” she huffed, followed by some curse words after she bumped her bad hand against the wall.
until now, has just been bought back by Stark Industries. At least that doesn’t mean they’ll have to move so soon after Peter just got here.
Yaël walked to the corned and glanced to what was behind it. Right at the same time, she heard Korg mumble: “Hey, what’s this?” behind her. There, on the ground, laid Loki, stunned by the electroshocks that constantly went through him by the device in the neck.
“I say you should do it,” is the answer he receives, and
she answers.
“I know how hard you’ve been having it, Peter,” she starts suddenly, looking at him with her sad eyes. “It’s been such a rough time for you, and you had trouble getting back on track, but you found your way back all on your own. I’m so proud of you;”
“Yeah, off to see my uncle,” Miles says, pointing towards the door that is now behind him as he walks backwards towards it. Mr. Li smiles.
“Now I’ve just been so busy with the internship, I’ve been forgetting my meds. And then Francis installed an hour-clock to keep me from working overtime, since I tend to forget time as well, and I didn’t react too well to the clock since it kept on ticking every second away,” Peter continues. “I got so close to just, smashing the clock with my bare hands, and that’s when I knew I had to get out.”
told him to take the internship? Wade started to talk to Peter about the divorce between a pepper (?) and Stark, or something like that. Yaël wasn’t really listening to it, she wondered why Peter hadn’t said anything about a girlfriend before.
And he’s a complete ass, Yaël thought, but she didn’t interrupt Peter
“Ste-heeve, we finally have the penthouse to ourselves and now you want to go?” he tries again, for maybe the fourth time already. Steve just rolls his eyes.
“You gonna be okay on your way home?” Peter asks. Ned just stares, but then nods, finally closing his mouth. “Alright, then I’m off. I’ll see you again, Ned!”
Of course, this causes for Tony to let out his own tears, as well.
“I don’t see the big deal, Peter. You have a famous father, so what? It’s not like it’s completely life-changing,” Harry says, rolling his eyes. Peter feels close to growling.
That same day, it was parent-teacher conference day at the school, so she had to work late. Not that any of the parents wanted to meet the arts-teacher, she wasn’t important enough. Yet, she worked in that school and if all her colleagues needed to stay, she did it too as she was a part of the team. Team-spirit, yeah! So Yaël sat in her classroom, whole alone, for hours, just doodling a bit and playing some cello. Not that she was angry about that, the itching and stinging of her wounds were annoying her, so she appreciated that lack of parents who expected her to have a happy chitchat.
Peter rubs his brow and sits down on his bed, groaning in frustration.
There’s a slight relief when they walk on a pathway underneath trees. The sun is cut off from their skin, and the smell of the plants go straight into Tony’s nose. He smells something fruity, and his mouth waters immediately. T’Challa chuckles, plucks something out of a tree above him, and then throws it at Tony, who catches it only barely.
“Yeah?” he hears in the background.
“So who helped him?” Jeez, who wouldn’t get a panic attack of that?
she would answer to him. She would reach out her hand to take his in hers, but as he imagines that, he doesn’t feel the touch on his skin.
The higher he gets, the more nervous he becomes. This is not what’s supposed to happen. Worried, he tries all he can to struggle free. His mind travels back to Harry, to the last time he’s been carried into the sky like this.
Steve, too, looks good. Having lost the beard in the beginning of the summer, he’s changed nothing at all. He keeps his hair a little bit longer than he normally would, but other than that, he’s back to his old self. Everybody in their crazy family knows well enough how much Tony has mourned the loss of the beard, since he kept complaining about it all the time.
“I was, but it doesn’t matter anymore. Steve, Tony’s not- he’s not doing good,” he quickly warns him. “They say if it doesn’t get better soon he’ll need a transplant, but I’m not a good match.”
“Tony Stark?”
“Please, FRI, I really need his help,” Peter urges on. FRIDAY doesn’t answer, but on the screen in front of him he can see that she’s dialed down the number. Peter grabs a few of his father’s tools and gets to work in search for anything remaining of the technology.
“Then why do you do this to yourself?” Steve asks. Tony just shrugs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“- with many casualties, Peter, too, died.”
“Why not?” Sam asks, poking Scott in the side who gets out a laugh as well.
freaking day.
“You, the Bomb-“
“Okay, focus Yaël,” she said to herself when she saw her reflection in the mirror of her closet before she closed its door. The guy-trouble wasn’t a priority right now. Heck, it will never be a priority. She opened her bedroom door carefully and peeked to see if Rhodey or Vision were walking around somewhere. Most of the time, they were in their room, but you’d never know.
all the time?”
Tony sniffs, so does Steve.
“Look at this! It’s weird to think he actually fought with that thing!” Aunt May calls out, inspecting the shield up closer. Peter remembers when the exhibition was first announced. Aunt May had wanted to go, but they didn’t want to travel all the way to Washington for it so they decided to wait. The moment it moved to New York, Peter took some of the money he had earned for working at Stark’s and got himself two tickets.
“G-Goblin,” Peter stutters out, watching how the other Avengers are busy trying to hold him back. He can’t really focus on his previous best friend flying around like that, but he’s just too fast for his hurting brain.
“Okay, what was the point you were trying to make here before we got so massively distracted by my probable inability to die? What else is fun for you to hang around at the school?”
“Then why come out now?” Peter then suddenly asks. The girl snorts and shakes her head, finally passing Peter by and taking place on the spot he was just seated on.
There were freaking knives or something rammed through Wade’s skull from the roof of the car. Somethingwas standing on the roof…carving into Wade’s brains.
Peter blinks then. Does… does Harry not remember anything of what happened after he took the venom? Is that why they haven’t talked about this sooner? But what will happen when he finds it out, then? Will he snap again?
“Dude, gross,” Peter groans. Dr. Strange snorts.
There was a time that they couldn’t imagine a life without each other, being very close friends…well, with some extras of course. Her heart stung a bit as this was the first time she actually felt like she missed him. They were used to not seeing each other very frequently, and if they’d meet, it was always for a very short time. But it’s been a year, apparently. Had he forgotten about her? Maybe something was wrong with him? She tried not to wonder too long about it, as he wouldn’t do that either. They didn’t wind up in each other’s business as they knew they were both capable of handling their own business.
“Like us?” Peter asks. Natasha then finally turns around, giving him a sly smile. Then she nods towards the door.
“Urgh, Steve, stop,” Tony mutters when Steve starts pressing kisses on his belly, getting too low for Tony’s comfort. The super soldier immediately looks up, scared for what could be the reason for him to call it quits.
Tony nods.
“Shuri, what are you doing?” Peter hisses towards her. She just grins at him.
There’s still traffic – there always is – so Peter starts to open the box again to fish out a few more journals, trying to find the first one of them all. He checks the date of the first page on each of them, finally finding one that reaches back to the time she still worked for Stark Industries. Peter frowns, wondering how long she’s actually been there. She’s never really told anybody much about her time there that Peter even wondered for a while if the actually even worked there at all.
Peter’s mouth falls open.
He talks about his hesitation and the endless talks he’s had with Bruce about the fact that he never felt like he was worthy for being Steve’s friend, how Bruce helped him through it. How he was relieved that he didn’t feel that worry when they started their relationship.
“Tony?” he calls out, worried.
Harry was back as the heir of Oscorp, but only being seventeen years old – he was older than Peter – he was too young to rule. After his father’s death, they had to figure out who would be in charge until Harry was old enough.
“Ever so good with words, Rogers,” Tony teases him. Without looking, he reaches out with his hand until he’s touching Steve’s cheek. Then he strokes it shortly before getting the hand back on the wheel. Steve stops him midway, grabbing Tony’s hand and holding on to it as if it’s a lifeline.
May chuckles a bit on the other side of the line. “
“We can binge-watch a series while I’m taking care of you. I have,“he started digging in his backpack again and pulled out some DVD’s, “Grey’s Anatomy, Supernatural or Rick and Morty!”
“What?! Hell no! Eew. My heart belongs to Parker and Parker only, girl.” Wade saved himself with some arrogance. “By the way… I’m going to invite Peter to join us this evening,” he added quickly. Yaël rolled her eyes.
It was in that room at medical, Tony sitting up in bed, Peter next to him, the three of them looking at the Arc Reactor that Peter put together. It was that pride that Steve found in Tony’s face that made him realize it.
“Hell yeah,” he says, pulling Peter closer to him and kissing him on the cheek. The baby giggles happily before pulling a wet hand out of his mouth and pressing it against Tony’s face. Great, now there’s drool all over him.
“I know, because you’re a very polite person,” Tony counters sarcastically. With his back still pointed towards Steve, he has no idea what his reaction to that is.
“Soulmate, honey.” Then he inhaled sharply and before Yaël could ask what he was doing, Wade started yelling like a lunatic. “PETERRRRR PARKEEERRRRR!”
Nilla cocked her eyebrow. “How do you plan on doing that?”
Peter nods, though only vaguely aware of it. It can’t be possible. There’s no way that Uncle Ben could have just told him off for something Peter has no idea of. Uncle Ben’s dead, has been for years. How is this possible?
“I’m-“ he starts again, but nothing more comes out.
“As usual,” Hilde grinned widely.
“Huh, how about that?” he mutters to himself. “Karen, is there any other way out of here?”
“So, uh, is it alright if I come along this weekend?” he dares to ask, casually without building up to it. That way, they can already feel it coming and have a longer time to think of an excuse not to take him along.
was the one to throw her off the building!”
“Hi son, welcome home,” Steve greets Peter warmly. After nearing him, Peter leans over his shoulder to see what he’s working on. On the paper, Steve seems to have put down a quite accurate version of the city-line of New York. It looks simple, but at the same time quite complex in other ways.
“No way,” he mutters out. “You wouldn’t.”
Not that Peter would allow anybody to hurt him again. Peter’s been trained now, and hopefully he’ll be even more trained after the Accords will be changed and Natasha will be able to come back.
There’s been discussion on going to New Asgard for a while now. Peter’s rather excited on going, wanting to see it all with his own two eyes. Apparently, there’s a little stand somewhere where they’ve put the remains of Mjölnir for the people to observe, and still nobody can pick up the pieces. Peter really wants to see that!
But he can’t. He screwed up too much, now.
Surge made eye contact with Yaël, like she wanted to ask if it was okay for her to hang around in the most quiet and desolated classroom of the whole building. Yaël just nodded, which got followed by Surge sitting down with a thud behind one of the classroom desks. She pulled a sketchbook out of her backpack and started sketching.
“I’m fine,” he admits. “At the most, I have a small bruise here on my arm from when the eye of the robot flew off.”
“Oh, things have been going good,” Peter answers, with his fingers crossed together. He smiles, really feeling it now. Dr. Thatch gives him a long look, but she looks content, as well. “So, I’ve finished my year, I passed?”
Yaël heard a noise and was able to duck away as soon as she opened them and saw the products storming towards her. She dodged burning fists and watery feet swinging her way. It was working! These two powers were controlled well enough to handle them from her subconsciousness, while she was doing something else consciously. In this case, her spawns were able to attack her while she was able to dodge them. Of course they weren’t able to hit her even once, because Yaël was still steering them, just less actively.
But, they told Tony to do one thing, and he needs to see this through. Because if he doesn’t, Peter will become part of a whole system Tony desperately wants to keep him out of.
“Yeah, well, I heard you’re now the rightful heir to Stark Industries? You’re gonna be in my shoes one day when your dad hands it down.”
Shit, he hadn’t thought about Scarlet Witch being here. He’s heard about her, though never met her in person. Still, from what he knows of her, she can read minds, meaning that she probably already knows why exactly he’s sneaking around like this.
Peter glares at them, shaking his head.
Yaël woke up with a shock, gasping for air. But there was some sort of oxygen mask blocking her mouth. When she started grabbing it to get it away, her body hurt like hell by the movement. But yet, she was stubborn and pulled off the mask. She dropped it on the ground, breathing way too fast.
’-routine. Having forgotten the case in the hotel, Peter just throws it underneath the couch for now right before dropping into it.
“I want to see him,” Tony says, though with much difficulty. “I want nothing more to be there and hold him in my arms while I let the people figure out what’s wrong with him, but I can’t! I can’t sit at the sidelines knowing that I could have helped figuring this out.”
“I wouldn’t know, Tony. He’s always where he shouldn’t be,” she sighs while rolling her eyes. Tony laughs. Peter leans forward again, finally catching a glimpse of Johnny Storm standing there with Aunt Sharon and a few other people from SHIELD.
Yeah, it wasn’t a proud moment for Thor, who, while embarrassed about it, admitted to the fact that he’d thought she’d broken up with him after the fight. What the argument was about, Peter has no idea. What he does know is that Thor is, to this day, still trying to get Jane’s forgiving for disappearing. This means that he’s running random errands, doing stupid things like charging up her phone by pointing at it, and that he has to cook. And that, of course, all next to being king of an alien Kingdom that is now rebuilding in Norway.
“I must say, Mr. Stark, it was really fun to defeat you like this,” Shuri says happily. She taps him on the arm twice before nodding towards MJ. “Come, girl, we’re going to get one of those nice drinks they were offering.”
“What did you say?” Peter asks, leaning forward to get his ear closer to Strange’s mouth.
“Right,” Tony returns. He clears his throat, sniffing his nose. Why are his eyes stinging like this? Shit…
“Kid?”
Emma all the way from little Belgium (where we don't have a white Christmas, I'm heartbroken :'(
Chapter warning see end notes!
staring. But he can’t. All he can really do is just sit there and wait for something to happen. He needs to focus, to concentrate. If he distracts himself with doing something, he’ll forget again. He doesn’t want to forget again.
Still fears what we don't know
Peter nods. “Listen, Eddie, you need to get out of here as fast as you can. There’s something extremely dangerous running around here, and I’m pretty sure it’s the reason why you’re here.”
“Shut up, Tony.”
Tony points at the official piece of paper that he kept on the table, knowing that either Steve hadn’t noticed it before, or just simply didn’t care about it. All he gets is a pensive thought from Steve, who then lowers his head.
“Yes, yes, thank you for that!” Oh, wow, she felt like she sounded ungrateful.
“You’re going to have to be more specific,” Natasha mumbles. Because clearly, Steve has always been the heavy worker when it comes to
Eddie snorts, the mask disappearing from his face again. It looks horrible, the murder that’s suddenly come in Eddie’s eyes. Peter can’t for the life of him figure out where it even comes from. He’s never had much trouble with the guy in the past, right? Sure he was almost always a part of Flash’ bullying party, but he never particularly addressed Peter on any occasion has he?
Tony rolls his eyes and crosses his arms.
Rhodey looks excited. Tony’s glad. Maybe
After he’s alone in his room again he decides to get out of bed for a moment. Just because the scar is healing faster than it should be doesn’t mean that it still isn’t hurting. He groans when he pushes himself upright. When they were alone, before the nurse came by, Dr. Cho told him that his healing process reminds her a bit of Peter’s after the Goblin’s attack. Of course, she couldn’t compare it completely since, once again, Peter’s had a full dose of venom and Tony just has a small bit of it.
That’s about an hour ago now, and even Steve’s calm, steady breathing doesn’t seem to help Tony fall into the same slumber. Letting out another sigh, Tony turns to get his tablet from the nightstand. If he can’t work in the workshop, he can put together some formulas back here.
“I said he did everything he could to be here. And he did!” Sam shouts in the back. A few of the others laugh. “I’ve never seen such good behavior from
“Oh, you have a kid?” Peter asks, grinning from ear to ear.
“I think…I have feelings for someone.” Yaël’s heart jumped, in a good way. This was great news! Why would Cap be so down about that?
“Tony!” Steve shouts, trying to know if Tony sees it, too.
“What did you just call me?” Flash asks, a bit curious. The girl just snorts and puts her hands on her hips before walking forward.
Tony leans back in his chair, only barely glancing at Pepper through the corners of his eyes. Is he imagining things, or is he noticing a ring there? On her left hand? She didn’t have that yesterday when he saw her, right? He can’t recall.
“Sure. Once we put out the PR fire, those documents can be amended,” Tony says hastily. “I’d file a motion to have you, Wilson and Wanda reinstated-“
“Peter?”
Bit by bit, Yaël got more and more used to the superheroes living around her. It wasn’t like living in a normal family or anything, as none of them could even define as being normal, but it was fun. They seemed to accept her too and let her do her thing. But that didn’t make her an Avenger, did it? And even though she was healed completely, and she was still taking her sleeping pills every night, there was something that kept her awake: Nilla.
“No, I’m just asking for you kindness and compassion,” she answered, trying hard to stay calm. “By the way, I want to achieve something else by working here as well.”
“He can handle it, he still has a bit of the serum inside of him.”
By the time the class starts, Peter leans forward, poking his pen in Ned’s shoulder.
“Leslie chose the wrong dress,” Tony mutters against his hair. Then he pulls back. Wade points out a finger towards Tony.
I've been watching Jessica Jones again, and I really really REALLY feel the need to add her into this story one way or another. I really love her character, and I think she would be hilarious in combination with Peter (what with her constant glooming and Peter's hyperactivity). I need to figure that out.
Tony smiles a bit, but he doesn’t nod. Instead, he closes his eyes and leans forward, indicating that Steve can do as he pleases. It’s slow, thrilling, almost as if Tony’s about to kiss Steve for the first time again, only the second time. Yet, the moment their lips as much as caress each other, there’s a loud noise coming around them.
“Yup!” she threw him a sweet, understanding smile. His family probably didn’t even show up. Or maybe he didn’t invite them at all. However, it was none of her business. Icarus nodded calmly and thanked her. After that, he walked towards one of the guitars in the back of the room and started tuning it. Jay’s, or Icarus’s, wings moved a bit more and more open the longer he fiddled with the instrument.
He doesn’t even know how she’s been since then. She might have had the crappiest days of her life, and he wouldn’t know!
Steve sings Stand by Me by Ben E King.
“Nah, man, the bed is big enough for the two of us. Besides, we’ve had plenty of sleepovers when we were kids, after all!”
“Hi, Charles,” she said. “Welcome to the graveyard.”
“-CRAZY?!” Tony interrupts, voice raised and face slowly turning red. “YOU GO RIGHT BACK TO THE LUNATIC THAT TRIED TO KILL YOU?!”
Yaël learned that Nat and she used to be good friends, although they didn’t start off that way. Well, she was friends with nobody when she firstly arrived on earth, since she kind of made New York crumble. But since Steve seemed to like Yaël and trust her, Natasha got a bit curious and started watching the moves Yaël made and analyzed every word she said.
“Wha- why?” Yaël didn’t understand, what was going on?
He’s been asleep for only about an hour or two. To be honest, the moment he reached Tony on the phone, he’d been trying to talk things through, to get everything out. But then Tony hung up, and Steve kept trying again and again. Around three he decided it was no use, so he gave up.
The show is interesting; they ask about what the Avengers have been up to lately, what exactly has been new in their lives, details as to why Iron Man is temporary out of commission (Tony and Pepper put together a statement that they were allowed to share tonight if the subject would come up).
“Peter, what is that?” Tony asks, suddenly starting to lose his cool here. Because he could deal with the fact that Peter is swinging around in New York to fight criminals, but if he’s actually where Tony
And Peter looks proudly at his creation; the Arc Reactor, on a little stand. The text he’s written out messily but as good as he can.
“Young? Real?” Charles saved Yaël’s stuttering friend with a charming smile.
“You want this, too, don’t you?” Tony asks. Steve frowns for a short moment, before realizing what this is all going to be about.
That had literally been the last time he’d seen her. He’s never heard of her since, so to suddenly find her son sitting there in front of her… he doesn’t know if it’s a sick joke coming from the universe, or a chance at redemption; a chance to do right by her by helping out her son.
Nobody responds to that, understanding that there’s just a lot of things that she wouldn’t know right at this moment and that they shouldn’t try to force it all on her. They walk forward in silence, slowly nearing the pond where Peter can already see the ducks swimming about.
“I’ve been raised as a gentleman,” Peter assures her. She smirks even wider before putting her hands on his shoulders, suddenly pushing him back once again. Peter puts his foot behind him, realizing that there’s no more ground underneath him. Quickly, he shoots his web to the roof to stop his fall.
“Okay, now air…” she mumbled to herself as she rubbed her eyes.
Natasha says in a calm, sweet voice. “
It’s better not to think too much about it. As far as Peter knows, Mr. Stark is now in a relationship with Mrs. Potts, and if the pictures are any proof, they’re actually quite happy together. So Peter takes a few deep breaths, and has to tell himself repeatedly that it’s all in the past. His mother obviously felt bad about it, so it’s not like she did it intentionally. Or Mr. Stark, for that matter.
, Yaël bit back sarcastically.
The three stand up simultaneously, running the same direction Steve and Tony went to. Natasha just shakes her head, figuring she shouldn’t pay too much attention to them, anymore.
Without any warning, Tony leans forward, grabbing Steve by the cheek and kissing him full on the mouth. It’s not a quick peck, not at all. It’s something more than that; a promise that he’s fine, that he’s doing better. A promise that he will try and be someone
Because the next song, that one being Bohemian Rhapsody, starts. And the ones pretending to sing along to it are all the other Avengers.
? It could be because he’s been a complete asshole towards the few friends he has left, though of course ‘friends’ should be changed into ‘friend’, and maybe just be limited to ‘Natasha Romanoff’, who surprisingly didn’t kill him on the spot, but instead provided him a look into her past.
“I knew,” he returns.
He notices Harry – no, the Goblin – fishing out something out of his bag when he’s almost just behind the fighting figure of Black Widow. With a cold feeling and a shudder he senses the danger before it gets there, and so even before the Goblin can make his throw Peter throws his web to fish it out of his hand. The thing is already making beeping noises, so with the lack of another idea he throws it high up in the air. Next to him, Hawkeye seems to have noticed what he’s doing, and he sends an arrow straight after it, blowing up what ends up to be a bomb high above enough that nobody would get hurt.
But… “Shit, I have to help Ms. Tenson in her garden and I don’t have money for a pizza!”
She smells the same, kisses the same. Everything is the same. It’s like three years haven’t gone by since her death, but more like this is just right after their final fight with Harry, back on that clock-tower. The alternate fight Peter kept imagining in his mind where the Goblin hadn’t taken Gwen. Hadn’t killed her.
“Yaël, it’s dinnertime. You already skipped lunch this noon, so I advise you to take a break and come eat something.” Yaël finally turned her head to answer Scott when she felt a foot, hooking behind her leg. She tumbled down and fell roughly on her back. Dang it, that hurt… After blinking a few times, she made herself sit up and pointed at the water-thing in front of her.
“Where are you?”
And that’s when Tony blurts it out.
“Try to breathe, Dad,” Peter tells him. He feels a few pats on his back while he tries to get through the fit. But he keeps on coughing.
Tony nods once again, though the conversation falls flat after that little exchange. She takes them through the hallway, entering a door after passing a badge against the scanner. Tony sees her picture on it, still hating the fact that she left Stark Industries to come work for this nutjob here.
Tony lets out a short sigh, pulling away slightly to put his hand on Steve’s cheek.
On the seventh day, Yaël felt bored so she bought an old cello that had been repaired with duct-tape. It was pure instinct, like, she sort of knew she could play the instrument. That cello became her best friend, even though it sounded miserable, because, indeed, Yaël knew very well how to play it.
So let's set the world on fire
“I, uh…” he starts, probably wondering why a weird, hyper-active young-adult is trying to make him realize these kinds of things. “I still do, yes.”
,” a familiar voice says above him. Peter looks up, right in time to see Iron Man arrive. Peter is breathing heavily, not realizing that he’s been sobbing along with it. Seeing his father come down, hidden underneath that stoic mask, makes him want to cry on the spot.
But at the same time, he feels like he’s close to puking, too.
“Oh? Too bad, I’m not going to watch it alone. But maybe something else is on? I heard something about a new Predator-movie?”
“No, no it’s fine,” Tony assures him. He goes to sit down again immediately, and decides it’s better to just go on. Better to get this one over with so he can start grieving one more person. As if he isn’t already grieving enough. “Now, I’m going to ask you a few questions, and I’d like to know your household’s income to see if you actually qualify for this internship. If you brought that in paper, that would be great, but if not we can look it up together.”
A wine bottle clanked loudly against the rim of a glass. Her tone was sad when she continued, “So. I—it just gives me a bad feeling, Bruce. I can't shake the sense that this will end in heartbreak.” There was a pause and Steve could hear utensils against china-- Bruce serving seconds?
“Hey! Just because I’ve been letting Bruce and Cap feed me lately doesn’t mean I’ve forgotten how to call for delivery myself. Sheesh.” Tony rolled his eyes. “So, speaking of, breakfast burrito, stat.”
They had a nice bottle of wine and Tony helped sort through some paperwork. He
“Oh my God, do you hear yourself!?” Tony slammed his hand down on the counter. “If this is the attitude you’re gonna take then
Tony hadn’t been lying when he’d said he had some stuff to work on—he
Their cab was ready and waiting as they crossed the Stark Industries’ lobby on the way to the street. Tony fussed with the top button of his coat and rearranged his scarf. (Fucking New York winter…) Steve got to the door first and held it open for Tony, head high and shoulders back; he seemed happily proud for a split second before hunching down and looking self-conscious. Tony was sorry to see the change.
“Damn. That’s chilly.”
“Are you ever planning to move?”
“Steve?” Bruce said.  “You okay?”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, his brow furrowing.
“So, what gives, Captain?” Tony said, forcing a teasing tone into his voice. “I hear you turned down
“Right.” Bruce said. He glanced back over to Steve. “Makes sense.”
,” JARVIS informed him, volume abnormally low, “and you are in New York City.”
Rhodes shrugged.  “Yeah, neither did Tony. I’ve just got a few hours in New York. Was supposed to ship out through D.C., but got rerouted here.”
It wasn’t that he hated Christmas, or didn’t love the Rhodes. (Rhodes? Rhodeses?) But Christmas was the time when Matriarch Marianne Rhodes gathered her
“Won’t work Rhodey!  Tell me what the fuck happened out there.”
justified his presence on the team.) Hell, that was part of why he’d suggested Rogers get out of the limo last. (Poor kid. He’d been only too happy to delay the inevitable.)
“Well, I think it’s understandable we’re tired,” Bruce mumbled. “Socializing is
Steve looked down and went still. “Yeah. Yeah, SHIELD sent me to talk to a shrink already.”
Tony checked the time for, oh, maybe the fifth time in as many minutes.
“No, it's fine.”
“Tilt your head back?” Steve asked gently. “I want to wash your hair.” Tony looked away and tensed; he opened his mouth, then closed it again. “Don't worry,” Steve said, trying to keep his tone light. “I won't get soap in your eyes. Or water on your face. Just tip your head back, ok?”
“Especially,” her voice had lost its melancholy and she sounded vexed again, “
“Thanks, Bruce.”  Steve took a sip of tea.  A few years ago (
“The oven does most of the work, Tony,” Steve said, corner of his mouth quirking up in amusement. “But, yeah, I’m actually going down to my kitchen to check on it now. Would you like to come see it?”
“Good night.”
The screen flickered, and there it was in bold:
“Huh? Of course,” Tony said, nodding and turning back to his tablet as Steve curled up with his book and Natasha’s knitting needles tick-tick-ticked in the background.
Steve wouldn’t make eye contact. The embarrassment Tony’d seen on his face last night had deepened into
(Tacky, Tony. Fucking tacky.) Tony felt his cheeks heat, now with embarrassment rather than remembered pleasure. (Couldn’t wait until you were in private, stupid?) Tony shook his head.
Tony had started to take short, fast little breaths as his thoughts spun round and round.  He closed his eyes and focused on the warmth of Steve’s body against his, tried to take deep even breaths, synchronizing his breathing with Steve’s.  (He’s right here.)
Steve bit his lip and glanced away.
“Excuse me, JARVIS? Where’s Tony?” Steve asked, looking up. (Yeah, yeah—not in the ceilings, whatever.)
“That’s enough,” Steve said firmly, looking at the Powerpoint very seriously.  “I appreciate the offer of added resources, but I have to agree with Iron Man.  The . . . support . . . you’re proposing is at odds with our training strategy.”
Mrs. Rhodes, ever a trendsetter, started the chain of good nights. One by one, Bruce, Natasha, and Clint took their leave. Steve lingered a few moments, then waved kinda awkwardly at the couch and said, “Good night! See you tomorrow.”
“Awesome! Super! Leave it to me.”
“Nothing! The red and gold glass is really beautiful, but, well, we thought it might be nice to pick out a few extra ourselves for variety. It’ll be fun! Wanna come too?”
“I wanted to ask you about earlier,” Tony began.  “The night before, I mean.”  Pause.  “I was pretty surprised that you hadn’t run across ‘safeword’ before. Um.  Wanna talk about that?”
Steve followed, content to be pulled along.  He settled into Tony’s open arms,  and rested his head on Tony’s chest, still holding his hand.
(Might as well do this right . . . ) Steve stripped off his clothes quickly and efficiently and knelt on the floor again. (And I guess I’ve really adjusted to life in the Tower if talking to JARVIS and then doing
Steve just let out a long, deep moan and Tony added another finger.  It ached so perfectly, deep and hot and good.  Everything felt so wonderful.  There was only one thing that could be better, that could--
“You think I’m sick,” Steve said woodenly.
Something onscreen made Steve laugh out loud. Tony smiled and curled more closely against Pepper’s legs, trying to pick up the thread of the movie.
More silence.
Tony nodded emphatically and leaned up for a kiss.  Steve obliged him for a moment then stepped away to sit down on the edge of the bed.  He was looking at Tony again and, yeah, that was clearly A Thing for Steve. Tony’s cock gave an eager twitch.
Steve shook his head. “No. You go down to the workshop. Fix War Machine. Help keep Rhodey safe. I’ll be waiting when you get done.”
Tony frowned at the incomplete data columns a moment more then turned to Rogers. He was holding a heaping plate of food: a towering stack of pancakes surrounded with bacon, fresh fruit, and hash browns. Tony blinked. Rogers held up the plate and offered it to him with a smile.
William Tyrone Macmillan III was starting to look . . .
I--” Rogers glanced away, then back. Cap looked unhappy, but not sad.
“I won an award from the Parental Advocacy Association,” Pep said at last in a dull, flat voice. “It’s for the work I’ve done revising our parental leave at Stark Industries. To ‘create a family-friendly work environment that fosters life-work balance and provides outstanding medical care.’”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Hey,” Tony said. Steve’s head whipped over to him.
Tony cut in: “We’re dating, it’s awesome, have some breakfast!”
“Oh, fuck, Steve, come here,” Tony panted and yanked him up the bed.  He licked the come from Steve’s swollen lips and thrust his tongue into Steve’s mouth, tasting himself there, salty and bitter. They kissed, frantic and filthy, panting into each other’s mouths.
“Don’t actually go through the portal,” Steve ordered, voice a little soft.
“Me too,” Tony said softly. He dried the casserole dish.
Rogers shrugged. “We’re developing skills, Iron Man, not trying to leave each other a mess of bruises.”
yet per se, but yeah. I'm almost done assembling the first one. You could come check it out if you like.”
“No, we’re not.”
“Doctor James and Agent Lane are running a little late.  They asked me to apologize and please let you know.”
“I wanna punch your lights out so bad right now,” the Captain said, his Brooklyn accent coming out thick like something from an old movie.
“But, you
Tony nodded. “Leila and Amir used to have a food truck near Stark Industries and Pep and I used to eat there all the time. It was so good it melted our brains. I used to get the
Steve deleted the note, then rewrote it as just “soon, please.”  Then he rewrote it again the same as before, but left out the closing.  Ten minutes later he added the closing again.  (Yeah, okay, this isn’t easy either. But at least Tony isn’t watching him be an indecisive idiot…)
“Sorry! Shit, just a sec!” Tony cried, fumbling through his suit from last night until he found his wallet. He tossed it to Steve who caught it one-handed (without spilling his coffee).
Tony took the stairs two at a time and was waiting when the elevator doors opened.  Rogers gave him a brilliant smile, his big blue eyes bright and his blond hair perfectly combed and shining.
Tony felt his cheeks heat. He was half-tempted to say,
Tony spat out the wrench. Dummy made a mournful whirring sound from his lap.
They’d all taken their seats around the tree and Clint was fussing over which package to give out first.
He started to pace.
“Hey, Tony?” Clint said around a partially masticated bite of sandwich. “You’re in the tabloids again.”
“Tony Stark was a hero long before Iron Man.”
.”  Steve shook his head.  “Though how anyone in our line of work can get that excited about movie explosions is beyond me.  Bruce and Natasha are voting against them for
“I—“ Steve paused. “You want to watch it tonight?” He sounded surprised.
Tony laughed out loud.
bothered about his PhDs.)
? Steve?! Mr. 1940s Big Catholic Wedding, Femme Sub in a White Dress?”
SO EXCITED for the next chapter (but also very nervous)!  Please cheer me on my way!  xoxox
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
“When I said I was ‘good,’ ” Tony interrupted with a grimace, “I meant, ‘I’m not interested in you.’”
“It’s the very definition of a ‘hostile environment’! It’s harassment. Or worse!”
“Yeah,” Tony said, “I know how much you’ve been looking forward to the latest
(Fuck. Oh, ouch.
“Excellent.” Katie paused. “Shall I send you the other events by email?”
“Captain Rogers is in the common room, sir.”
Tony pulled himself from his vague calculations of the passing days to find Pepper giving him a watery smile.
“Sir? Agent Barton asks—“
Tony wondered momentarily if he’d just betrayed Rhodey’s confidence, then dismissed the idea. If Rhodey were there he’d be offering Steve the same reassurance.
“I’m still grateful. I— uh, it wasn’t fair of Fury to surprise us like this. Or for them to talk about you like that.”
(Shit! Rhodey’s really worried…)
Steve jolted and looked up to see Tony Stark standing casually in the doorway.  (How long were you there?)  Steve was embarrassed to be caught feeling sorry for himself, standing around the kitchen in his Church clothes late at night, and he felt oddly guilty too for seeing Tony Stark so unguarded.  He didn’t look like he’d been expecting to see Steve either.  Tony’s jeans were tattered and smeared with grease and oil (or at least stains from it) and they hung so low on his hips Steve thought they might fall off.  Tony was wearing his hoodie unzipped, and Steve could see the fascinating arc reactor glowing through the thin material of his t-shirt.  (Don’t stare at it.  He must usually cover it up for a reason…)  Tony’s hair looked greasy and he had several days of stubble around the edges of his goatee.  Steve shifted awkwardly from foot to foot.
He fucking loved Pep.
The stranger made a disgusted grimace. “Is that your answer to everything? Throw money at it? You could have just
“M-rodey!” Tony mumbled around the screwdriver in his mouth.  “Mmm-hm-tru!”
(Shit! Did he get a glimpse of it in the garage when he came home?)
“I was given to understand that the collector she represents may be interested in dabbling in some . . . unusual art work of his own.”
“But you shouldn’t,” Tony cut in, poking Bruce again. (Come on, stay with me, buddy.) “It’s gonna be awesome. And we’ve got the Security Blanket, which is—if I do say so myself, and I do—a work of unparalleled genius. Don’t tell me I did all that for nothing!”
(Shoot me now.)  Tony glared at the innards of their beautiful spectrometer. Tony slid a little further under the arc diffusor.
“So,” Tony said at last, pulling a stool up to the counter. “I promised we’d talk.”
(Fuck, fuck, fuck…)
“The StarkTab modifications you pulled together look fantastic,” Pepper said.  She looked back to her tablet.  “It should give us a big bump in the third quarter.  Enough for another sixty or seventy million for the Foundation if the projections I ran earlier are on target.”
At fourteen, he passed it off to Rhodey as an atheism thing—not a ‘can’t bear to be around a huge, happy family at Christmas’ thing—and had stuck with that approach ever since. And, to be totally honest, he
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so it was a good thing Rhodey started calling out, “Hey! Hey, Tones! I’m gonna call Miranda!”
Tony gave Steve a hard look and then a smile spread over his face. He came closer and fluttered his eyes coquettishly.
“No promises,” Tony said.
Steve looked at him expectantly. (Hopefully?)
“Mmm-hmm,” Bruce murmured, walking to the other end of the console.  Tony frowned.  Bruce was really weird about the Captain.  It was annoying.  Tony held in a sigh.  (Just 'cause you rejected me doesn't mean you need to shove me at the nearest Dom.)
“Mmmm,” Steve murmured, nuzzling Tony’s neck.  Tony twisted to kiss him on the forehead.
—but it could have been worse.
“Okay, JARVIS, we’re good. You can stop reading that now, buddy,” Tony called.
Tony sighed.
then maybe--)
She closed her car door and drove away.
Eventually, though, Steve blinked and cleared his throat.
But one more look at Bruce and he couldn’t say no.  He knew what it was like to
“Thanks, Katniss.”  Tony turned to Steve, glaring. “What--you turned back into a capsicle?”
Tony smiled at them all and let himself drift.
as a kid, whenever I could, but yeah. Anyway. Good idea to give some DC a try for once, right? Thanks, Tony.”
Tony fell into fighting stance.
Tony’d had a nice (if kinda awkward) conversation about Brooklyn with Henry on the way over to his daughter’s place. Henry’s grandson—Todd, eight years old—had gone saucer-eyed to see his grandfather being chauffeured in a Rolls Royce by Tony Stark and ran out still only half-way into his coat with his boots unlaced. Tony’d answered Todd’s excited questions about the Avengers (mostly Captain America) and chatted with Mr. and Mrs. Jackson (who were clearly bemused by Tony Stark’s presence, but were waiting to ask Henry about it once he was gone). Tony steadily refused their polite invitations to come inside for a minute. (They had a nice Christmas planned and didn’t need Tony Stark swanning in on it.) They parted with a firm, amiable handshake.
“Just go! Get out!” Tony said angrily, “I don’t want you here. I don’t want you.”
Tony’s head ached and his stomach roiled.
“Better than ok,” Tony said. “It was perfect.”
Tony kept on walking. (I don’t have to obey you.  Get used to it.)
“Hell no!  Not in the Tower,” Tony shook his head, amused. “Silver spoon, meet Chinese take-out box.  But, sure, this is cool too, I guess,” Tony waved at the place settings.  “I mean, look at this!  Desert spoons and little bread plates! Cloth napkins!  Where did you even find napkins?  Since when do I have napkins?  Anyway,” Tony said, pushing back his chair, “real classy ‘n shit.  Let’s do it again sometime!”
Tony was struggling to push his unhappy, jumbled thoughts away.  (So, what?  I should be with Bruce because I can’t actually relate to anyone who isn’t a science genius?  Is that it?  Well, you’re not wrong I guess . . . I suck at normal people.  But I pretty much suck at people full stop really.)  Tony spun his brass rat on his finger; MIT should pay him royalties for wearing the damn thing all the time—free marketing, woo-hoo.  (So, Steve’s Captain America.  So what?  Yeah, he’s basically everyone’s ideal and too good for me.  You were too.)    Pepper was fingering her bracelet absently; it wasn’t one Tony had given her.  She raised her eyebrows and waited.    (Steve, he’s so young, so inexperienced—shit, you can guess that just looking at his earnest expression, blushing face, and he’s from the ‘40s, so really-- but I’m trying to do things right.  I am.  So, what, you think I’ll fuck him up?  But Bruce could take care of himself?)
you are kidding, but to be disgustingly honest the board nearly peed themselves at the very mention of
Steve liked to do paperwork at the dinner table—after all they seldom used it for formal dining—and he liked that his teammates would drop by and chat. So that was nothing out of the ordinary, but he usually didn’t change into his uniform to do it.
.)  The minutes drifted by, filled with little caresses and murmurings, warm skin against skin.  Tony listened as Steve’s breathing evened out, slipping easily into the steady rhythm of sleep.  Tony shifted a little so he could look at Steve’s sleep-softened expression, marveling at how quickly Steve could go from subspace to sleep.
Tony scowled, launched the donuts in the trash, and then turned back to his calculations. Shit. Why had he deleted that equation? His stomach rumbled.  (God damn it.) He stomped over to the bin, yanked out a donut, and bit into it savagely.
(Shit.) He needed to shower, deal with a messy goatee, do his hair, and—fuck! which tux was he going to wear?
.  I would have anyway, but I promise.”
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said. He smiled.
“Sure. Why not?” Tony asked with a shrug, handing him some coffee.
“I’m not feeling the love here, Pep. And anyway, it’s really my doorstep.”
The three were moving so fast Tony could hardly track the individual motions as they fought, apparently each one for themselves in an intense three way battle. It was never clear if they were being thrown or jumping away, but as they dodged, punched, spun and slid the sheer physicality of them all was staggering.
(17% Oh man!
) assisted by beer. Natasha though . . .
Tony gave a theatrical sigh. “Geeze. I didn’t introduce you two so you could gang up on me.”
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said, giving him a warm smile, his voice a little soft.
“I will,” Steve assured him, but he sounded a little nervous. He glanced at the door and back to Tony. “Okay. Well, I’ll see you later.”
holding a grudge against JARVIS for his epic cockblocking.) In his weaker moments, he considered begging for it--something nice to distract from all the shit--but it felt wrong. Steve was well aware of Tony's desire in that area, so Tony just had to accept that Steve wasn't ready and he couldn't (or at least
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Pretty soon Father Gabe had given Bucky special permission to come visit me every day after school and bring over my assignments. It was--” Steve’s voice went rough and Tony thought he saw tears shining in Steve’s eyes before he turned his head. “It was a good thing he did for two sad little boys, one so angry and the other so lonely he--”
you wouldn’t treat them in such an unfair way, and I hope they’re smart enough to realize that.”  (48)
“Were you jealous?” Tony asked softly.
“Mr. Stark?” Rogers’ voice pulled him from his thoughts.  “Are you all right?  Is there something wrong with the omelet?”  Tony looked down and realized he’d been destroying the omelet, hacking it into smaller and smaller bites until it was ground all over the plate.  “I can make you another if you--”
Steve leaned up for a kiss, feeling very pleased with himself, and asked:  “So, what about you?  Workshop?”
“Won?” Bruce protested. “By what metric?”
Tony licked his lips and nuzzled Steve’s thigh, letting his warm breaths fall on Steve’s pants. He ran his hands up Steve’s leg in a long smooth caress. Steve’s breath hitched and the sound of it went straight to Tony’s dick. He stroked Steve’s thigh with his hand, up and down, then let his fingers brush across Steve’s cock as he reached for his belt buckle.
“Sir? It is now seven. Captain Rogers is in the elevator.”
The Avengers left the room like a well-formed phalanx behind their Captain.
“I’m really glad about Steve.  I am.  But . . .”  Pepper laid a hand gently on his arm, drawing his focus.  “What were you thanking me for?  You never did say.”
“What do we do, Captain?” one of the agents asked briskly.
“Smells good,” Tony said, sauntering over.  “What did you—“  He stared at the bowl.  “Chicken Parmesan?”
Natasha was in the living room reading a book when Tony rushed in.  She looked up and raised an eyebrow.
Steve’s breath hitched again. He pressed a kiss—hard and urgent—to Tony’s lips and his fingers clenched down on Tony’s arms. When Tony’s lips parted with a little gasp, Steve’s tongue pressed in, hot and heavy. (Yes!) Tony met him, stroke for stroke, returning every caress. Steve ran his hands up and down Tony’s back, his hips, his shoulders, as they kissed and kissed. Tony’s cheeks were scalding.
Tony frowned.  He hated to leave the meeting with Rogers hanging over his head, but he couldn’t blow off the foundation.  Isaac would shit a brick.
Goddamn it.
“Shhh, it’s all right,” she murmured, stroking his hair and holding him close, “Everything’s gonna be all right.”
. I’m here for you. You don’t have to cut!”
“I’m always up for
“Aw, yeah?” Steve asked, lilting Brooklyn. He pulled Tony close and placed a kiss on his cheek, whispering, “Pretty sure he’s already gone on you.”
And it made no sense at all that Tony had less trouble with the woman who
was living in a Tower with a defrosted super-soldier, two ninjas, and the not-so-jolly green giant.
after.  Will you come up?”
“Hey, Cap,” he said. “Sorry I’m late.”
With his head tilted down, Steve couldn’t see his frown.
(See the end of the chapter for
The guitar turned to “O Come All Ye Faithful” and they both fell quiet, looking at the tree together. After a moment, Steve checked his watch.
“I think that’s enough for now, don’t you, boys?” Natasha asked, springing back to her feet.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“--your mailbox is now full. Shall I--”
“Yes,” Tony said, then added in a low tone. “I’d love to.”
“Well,” Steve hesitated a moment, “I mean, in an ideal world I guess I’m supposed to, uh, have the . . . patience to wait.” The tips of Steve’s ears were turning pink.
Rogers gave him a baffled look, but didn’t seem offended by Tony’s sudden outburst.
“Very similar to aliens if we’re being honest.”
The Professor began shuffling papers across his messy desk, clearly looking for something as he spoke:
“Mr. Stark?” Rogers called, pausing the documentary with the remote. (He never talked over films. Ever.) “Would you like to join us? We’re watching a documentary about Mr. Duke Ellison.”
As Steve worked a third finger into him, Tony thought he might burst with impatience. It was
“Okay! That’s it.  Time for dinner.”
There was work to be done, of course—finishing the security blanket, analyzing the new portal data, refining their combat training—but as he shook off the last jolts of anxious adrenaline from their mission and let its success really sink in, Tony felt a bone-deep contentment to be in the Tower, with his team, and Steve’s arm around his shoulders.
“Couple of things.  Upgraded failsafes for the helicarrier’s engines.  New exploding arrows for Barton.  Mostly Bruce and I have been working on an electromagnetic pulsator that could take out targeted electronics, but leave all our tech operational.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve’s hips gave a sudden jerk, pressing a little harder into Tony’s mouth. (Yes!)  Tony pulled at Steve’s ass, encouraging him to move. With a keening noise, Steve gave a more deliberate little thrust.
“No, not at all,” Steve hastened to reassure her.  “It’s—”  (Shit!)  “It’s nothing important.”  (No that’s not true.  It is important!  It’s just not
His phone rang. Tony was about to toss it across the workshop when he saw the caller. A little break would be good for him, but he hit ‘answer’ a little harder than necessary all the same.
“Yeah.” Tony sighed.  “I hate that I can’t figure it out and, sure, I don’t have the full data, but I can’t just
Tony sighed.
“Uh, that won’t be necessary.”  Tony stared at Rogers who looked a little uneasy.  (Seriously?  He’s gonna do it all himself?)  Rogers shrugged his shoulders and hefted the box up. “This is it.”
Here is Part I!
There it was: slightly shaky, slightly grainy footage of him and Pepper bouncing and shaking around on the karaoke stage, singing:
“Yeah.  I’ll go change out of the under suit.  Meet you in the main gym in ten.”
He poured it and set it on the counter for Tony. (Though, really, Steve could have handed it to him. Wouldn’t be a problem.)
“So, hey,” Tony said, “now that we’re back in training mode, how about some more hand-to-hand work?  What do you say, Steve?”
“And I told you, my ultra light polyaramid won’t get in the way of your Legolas impersonation, so calm down.”
There was the sound of another sniffle at the other end of the phone and Tony felt his eyes prickling in sympathy. His chest ached.
“Yes, please.”
“Uh,” Tony said, “Night. I guess this is me.”
Tony resisted the temptation to search “flower language syntax.” He should focus on the big picture: love, hope, friendship.
“I can take it.” Rogers grinned.
“It’s really not a bad sign, Rhodey!” Pepper was saying.
“How can you like
Thanks so much for all your support!  You guys are the best!
(Which, yeah, okay was kind of hard to picture, but hot as fucking hell. Mmmm….)
“Yes, well. I’ve had lessons since I was a kid. Mom insisted and father agreed.”
“So, the joints are always the most vulnerable, obviously, so I’ll—“
. . . up and down . . .
http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/130277709781/pp-chapter-47-teaser
“It might help,” Tony added hesitantly.
“Please?
“Ah, come on!” Bruce protested. “The suit’s making your snowballs for you? Cheating!”
(Huh.)  Tony blinked and cocked his head. “Sorry-- so do you want me to yell at you?”  Tony shrugged.  “Okay, fine.  You’ve been a naughty,
“That’s kind, but no.”  Rogers shook his head again.  “I should have confirmed that my orders were carried out. Our team is ultimately my responsibility and I have to make sure you get everything you need.  Shifting the blame won’t get you that data.”
Steve can’t tell from the pained expression on Tony’s face whether he’s gotten that right or wrong.
“Ewwwww,” Tony says.  “No, I’m not making sex gerbils, you weirdo.  They’re for surveillance.”
“I should probably--” Tony starts.
Steve nods.
They stare at each other defiantly, so similar in expression they’re like a mirror and a reflection.  It’s James who breaks his scowl first and when he speaks, his voice is steady and low.
“Damn super soldiers,” Clint grumbles. “Get to have all the fun and none of the consequences.”
“No,” Steve says. “He didn’t tell me.”
Natasha gives a small shrug.  “Clint nearly died because he did something reckless.  Nothing out of the ordinary there.”
“He’s still out cold,” Sam says, letting his head fall back against the metal support of the medbed.
Natasha pours out a mug of steaming coffee and brings it over to Tony. She hip checks Sam as she walks past him,
“For pancakes, sure,” Clint says, as he joins Bruce in the kitchen.  “But coffee I need now.  Oh-- there’s a couple packages outside on the porch for you. Didn’t pick them up cause they’re all in some weird case that’s gonna need your fingerprints to open. A couple drones dropped them off about an hour before it got light. I wasn’t too worried since it was obviously Stark.”
Of course they’ve got a forgery set in the toolshed.  Makes total sense.  Tony fucking loves this family.
“You should probably make yourself comfortable,” Rhodes adds.  “And call me Rhodey.  Looks like you’re in it for the long haul.”
Tom and Jerry comes on the wall screen a moment later, and Bruce taps the control panel for the medbed to tilt James up slightly so he has a better view.
“I got blood on your suit,” Tony says.  “And snot.”
"You sound really creepy when you call yourself that," Steve points out.
Eventually, though, it eats at Steve.  Chafes him at the edges because he wants his stuff.  Even for one night, he wants it.  One Sunday he finally snaps and gets on his motorcycle to ride to the museum and just keeps going.  All the way to that big ugly building in New York.  It’s stupid, and he realizes just how stupid as he’s walking in the front doors of the building and he doesn’t even know if Stark’s there.  Or if Tony will even see him.
“Thank you,” Bruce says, worrying the worn hem of his sleeve as he watches James. The man doesn’t look like someone who doesn’t care. He also doesn’t look like someone who’s gotten enough to eat. “Then I’m going to call Tony from the porch. I’ll leave the door open so you can hear my parts of the conversation if you want to listen.”
“I don’t know, Steve.  It’s a print-out of something.  It’s--”
“You’re such a shit,” Tony complains.  “I was actually feeling bad for you when I invited you to hang out.  Then you come and sit on
Tony laughs. It’s infectious.  Steve tries to look serious and only manages it for about five seconds before he snorts on a laugh of his own.
there is a description of rape.  It happened in the past, and it's a second hand story, but please mind the warning if this is something triggering for you!
He’s so angry, Steve wishes he knew what he'd done to earn this ire.  This isn’t the petulant upset of a billionaire playboy who’s used to getting his way.  Whatever’s eating Tony is deeper than that.  Darker.  Steve recognizes something in Tony’s eyes he’d seen plenty of in the war.
James looks away, and for almost a minute he doesn’t speak, so Bruce figures that’s the end of it.
“I didn’t know you were coming,” Steve greets her. “We could have ridden together.”
“Good to know,” James says.
The bill comes for the drinks, and everyone starts to dig in their pockets to piece together the cash.
“Know what?” Steve asks. His voice is weary. Confused a little, but not as confused as he should be, for a call coming out of the blue from Tony at 5:14 AM on a weekday.
They didn’t tell me they were leaving. I was worried.
“I’m not hungry,” Steve says. “I had Sam figure up my calories and I’ve been getting enough.”
“JARVIS, can you highlight any areas that aren’t an exact match?”
“This is the playoffs. I don’t have far to go.”
“Our other option was letting him bleed out,” Sam says.
Pepper’s got tears in her eyes and Rhodey and Steve both reach over at the same time to hand her their napkins.  She takes Steve’s and pats at her face a few times before placing it on the table, slightly damp.
“Always looking for a technicality.” Natasha teases gently.
The look James gives Clint could set him on fire and Clint just beams like a murder glare from the world’s deadliest assassin is exactly the reaction he was hoping for.
Tony nods.
“They’re going to print lies about you,” Tony warns.  “They always do.  They’re going to say you’re gay.  That we’re together.  Probably that I was blowing you in here.”
careful not to cut off Tony’s air.  He’s holding it close enough to be annoying but far enough away that Tony can easily breath, and be heard, and scooch away if he wants to.
“No,” Kate laughs. “A cunning linguist!”
Tony gets down to Bruce’s office early so he can watch Clint discover the stapler, and he takes about a dozen photos to text to the others.  The best one has Clint flopping face first into the bright red jello, apparently determined to make the prank his breakfast.
Bruce mouths
The next few minutes are a total blur.  The lobby is chaos and Tony’s relieved when Steve wraps his arm around him and ushers him outside.  Reporters are taking a thousand pictures, but their cameras aren’t all aimed at Tony.  They’re capturing the spectacle of Hammer and Stane as they’re handcuffed and read their Miranda rights.
He steps aside so Clint can enter and watches as he takes in the room like a good sniper should. Exits. Windows. Where to stand to not get shot from outside. Clint moves out of the sightlines and hops up on the kitchen counter to sit with his legs dangling over the edge.
At first Tony’s distracted by Steve’s abs but when he gets a better look at the t-shirts piled on the bed all his attention goes there.  One of the shirts, hand to God, is from Steve’s high school days.  It’s dark blue, with a star centered at the top, and BHS ALL-STAR written in big block letters below.  It’s faded and when Tony picks it up, it’s silky soft in that vintage way that people pay big bucks for these days.
They’d talked about sex on multiple occasions.  Told each other what they wanted and what they absolutely didn’t want.  It was difficult because Steve had boundaries and Tony mostly seemed to think whatever Steve wanted was fine.  And in their case that could work because Steve was a good guy.  He wouldn’t take advantage of Tony’s hesitance to make his desires known.
“Bucky and I usually take it easy on the alcohol so everyone else can have their fun.”
“The evidence is all to the contrary,” Tony says.
“Great Depression Chic is due for a comeback,” Tony says, looking quietly pleased. He’d calmed down as soon as Steve had said he’d move in. “And I don’t care about the stuff. I’ll take it all. We can turn the living room into a flea market if that’s what would make you comfortable. As long as you’re there, I’m good. You living there; that’s what I want.”
“That’s all, Dr. Stark.”
Bogotá stupid.
Tony points down into a roof panel he has shifted out of place.  Down inside, about 3 feet below, is a bird’s nest, complete with small fluffy chicks and one unhatched egg sitting beneath a perturbed looking falcon.
“That won’t change how I feel,” Steve says.
“You’ve got my blessing,” Tony says easily, and with a sincere enough smile they know it’s true. “Though you need to get your heads checked for worrying about my feelings in the first place. I don’t deserve that kind of consideration.”
Steve trails off and Tony closes his eyes as he reaches down to let his own hand rest against the hand on his stomach.
“No.  First we’ve got to see Steve’s egg.  Make sure he didn’t cheat,” Natasha says.
James doesn’t answer right away. He weighs it like he weighs out everything. Like a person making his own decision for the first time in seventy some years.
“Distractions I can do,” Tony says.
“He killed your parents,” Sam says.  “I wouldn’t blame you for trying.”
“Always the perfect soldier,” Tony sneers.
“Thanks,” Bruce says. “To catch everybody up, James is awake and consenting to further medical care. He’ll allow me and Clint close and he’d prefer if Sam and Natasha stay out of reach. Tony and Steve-- if you’re on the monitor he’s okay with that. Jarvis, he knows to expect your voice.”
“Not even if the press finds out?” Steve asks.
“Sir has asked to be the one to explain the secrecy.  The door to the master bath is not locked.”
. As far as these people are concerned, I don’t even exist.”
There isn’t a lot to do, so it seems. Peter comes across another mugger, which he stops easily. The woman thanks him by pressing a few dollar bills into his hands before running off to her friends. Peter wants to give the money back, but then she’s gone. So, the first homeless person he comes across, he offers him the money.
“I saw that your grades have been… a bit on the low side. Is there any particular reason for this?” Tony asks, feeling almost like a therapist. Of course, he needs to know if the kid’s just lazy, or if there has been something that happened. He knows it’s the latter when he sees the boy grit his teeth together and lower his gaze back to the ground.
the AI answers. Peter looks up at the ceiling and gives her his best smile.
about this, he knows that he needs to handle this sooner rather than later.
“I could say the same thing about those art-classes of yours,” Peter counters. Felicia hands him back his book and gives him a wide smile, showing her larger front teeth. It’s kind of beautiful to look at, he realizes. Then he internally slaps himself on the head for even thinking that.
“You don’t agree with them?” Vision asks, surprised. Yaël shrugs.
has someone there who he wants to spend time with. He should ask Yaël, since she seems to know much about him.
Natasha laughs at that boyish innocence she hopes Peter will never lose. Those big brown eyes look so confused, begging for help. The exact opposite of how Stark’s eyes have ever been.
"I guess we are," he agreed. "
“I trust you know the risks there were when I traveled you to New York last time?” T’Challa explains. “Risks for you, risks for me, and for your teammates, including Mr. Stark
As soon as he had opened the door, he had heard Yaël yell “WHAT DO YOU MEAN, YOU DON’T KNOW FREDDY MERCURY?! I’M NOT EVEN FROM THIS PLANET AND I KNOW HIM!” she had signed at X that he had to wait for a second as she was busy with a ‘life changing’ lesson. So the fifteen minutes that were over left, she went through some of Queen’s greatest hits. Charles had been grinning the whole time. It wasn’t a question anymore, Yaël really liked her new job, just because she had no curriculum to follow or evaluations to make.
So Peter starts running as fast as he can, and while his lungs are hurting or his entire body is hating himself right now for doing so much effort, he keeps on going.
They link their hands, never letting go as they leave the academy behind them.
“Thor,” she starts, letting out another chuckle. “I must admit that when I met you, I thought you were crazy.”
“Tony, you’re not making any sense,” Steve returns, sounding confused. Tony sighs and gets himself out of bed. He ignores the fact that he’s naked, just walking around in the room as he tries to get his words straight. How can he explain this well?
“Honey I know you can do it,” he can hear May say through the comm. Peter grunts once again, feeling like he’s pulling on the suit as hard as he can, but it just stays stuck to him. Peter shakes his head when it tries to reach back to his face.
"Your feelings don't matter right now, she destroyed the whole city. She only brought pain and destruction!"
Steve doesn’t respond anymore, meaning that he’s thinking about it. That’s all Tony could ask for, really. He just takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a bit. He barely even realizes he’s fallen asleep until he wakes up under the covers, Steve’s hand on his arm with Peter cocooned safely between them.
“I think you’ve done enough,” Tony says when Peter asks him what he wants him to do. Then he leaves him on the mast. Peter got himself there, he’ll surely find a way off the ship, too.
“I’m plenty interested in it if means saving my son,” Tony admits. Rhodey nods, giving him a small smile before squeezing his shoulder gently.
“YAËL, GET UP AND OPEN THA DOOOOOR!” she heard a familiar voice yell from the hallway, crawled out of her bed and stumbled towards the door. “Yaël, sweet muffinpoodle!” Wade said as she opened the door. He immediately hugged her, but he hadn’t grown back to his full height, so he planted his face between her breasts. Yaël somehow had the feeling he had planned that, as he didn’t retract for a few seconds.
They’re there to pick up Natasha in just five minutes, and after that it’s just the two of them again. Pretending not to be bothered about this, Tony nudges Peter while giving him a faint smile.
Peter is having a bad day. Or, no, that’s just putting it lightly.
Here we are again, earlier than expected once more. Yes, I'm actually feeling even sicker than yesterday. No, that's not the reason I'm posting so quickly. I just have counted out that the Christmas chapter (which is the 40th chapter) would have been posted on the 26th otherwise. So I'm throwing in an extra upload so that Christmas will be celebrated on Christmas, damn it! ^^
“DON’T YOU WALK AWAY!” Steve calls out, probably scrambling to his feet as he tries to join Tony in the kitchen. By the time his glass his filled again, Steve is standing right next to him again. Tony grins, pulling the glass towards his mouth and keeping his eyes averted from Steve.
To distract himself, he quickly goes through the rest of the journal, but somewhere around the end, he notices a few missing pages; they’ve simply been ripped out, he thinks. Huh, whatever his mother has written there, she surely didn’t want anybody to read those.
This is the third time already that the Goblin has gotten the better of him. This is not okay. Peter hurries towards the mirror to look at his neck, finding dark bruises where Harry’s fingers had been. Touching them hurts, so Peter stays away from it, grabbing a hoodie and putting it on. It hides the bruises enough for Aunt May not to notice.
“Welcome, I’m Peter,” he introduces himself. Then he points towards the others, mentioning their names. When he says Harry’s name, the boy smiles and waves back.
“Now, look what you did!” an Asgardian nurse mumbled, grabbing Yaël’s hand. Because Yaël had been too wild, the wound started bleeding through the patches again. She looked aside and saw her reflection in the wall-filling window that was filled with stars as the ship was still floating through space. Her throat and neck were purple and red and her complete leg and hip were patched up, just like her hand.
“Let ‘em look!” he jokes before turning around anyway. “Let’s get to work.”
“Can’t disagree with that,” Steve agrees. With an arm thrown over Peter’s shoulder, the two sit down on the other side of the table, facing Tony, who is looking at the two of them without speaking. “Hi, Tony.”
“Yes, we are,” he says proudly. Then he frowns, looking back down at Tony. “You can get up now, you know?”
he had told himself.
“Everybody’s got some blood samples stacked here for occasions like these,” he explains. Peter frowns shortly but eventually he nods.
to do all he says now, anymore. Not since Tony tweaked her code a little bit after the Goblin incident.
“Why do you care about this loser?” Flash then suddenly asks, sounding literally confused about her trying to meddle. The girl simply shrugs.
Johnny’s eyes are open wide as he looks at the two destroyed devices around him. While Peter reaches for the second controller and connects it to the PlayStation, the other guy kneels down and starts collecting the pieces lying on the ground. He gives them a short look before turning towards Peter, eyes clearly worried.
Harry. He even thought about her, in
“FRIDAY, are you trying to tell me something?” he asks instead, looking at the ceilig.
Peter points at him, disgruntled and his head spinning.
Peter looks down at the suit, thinking back of how he’s been postponing on making a new one. It’s falling apart, being sewn together too often and now ripping almost constantly. Now it looks fine, but he knows he’s got a rip on the back that he hasn’t gotten around to fixing, yet.
“Love you, too, Pepper-dear.”
“Just do it for me, okay?”
Steve doesn’t sit down. Instead he walks up to Tony, takes the engineer’s hand and kneels down. Even just for a moment, Peter startles. Is he-? Don’t say he’s going to propose?!
motorcycle.” Nilla’s ‘innocent’ slaps were gone, instead she full forcedly punched Yaël in the face. Yaël felt blood drip out of the corner of her mouth.
The short-haired woman accompanying the king pulls on Shuri’s hair, causing for the teenager to yelp in surprise. T’Challa, Peter and MJ just snort in return. Once they’ve stepped down the stairs, Tony and Pepper move forward. Peter and MJ just stay standing where they are, unsure of what’s supposed to happen. Rhodey, too, keeps standing there in military position with his head straight and nothing to be read on his face.
“Okay, we have to leave this planet immediately,” he mumbled to himself. Then he turned around to the forest that cloaked around the lake and sprinted away, still carrying her on his back.
“HOW ABOUT YOU TWO KICK HIS ASS INSTEAD OF CRACKING JOKES?!” MJ shouts in the background. She’s on the stairs, still making her way down. With the walls removed, she has a perfect view of everything happening on the floor.
(Fuck.)
“Oh,” Steve bit his lip. “This afternoon? Sorry. I can’t.” He hesitated. “I have an . . . appointment.”
Dominick ignored Tony.
“She took me aside at the fundraiser after our . . .
“You’re so good for me,” Tony whispered.  “You want to take it, don’t you, baby?”
Tony picked up a pen (Mont Blanc, of course) then set it down again.  Shit.  Right.  He needed a witness.  And he should probably read the contract again.  Sure, all twelve of his kids in legal had given him the green light and he’d read the damn thing five times already himself, but still.
“Ah, Mr. Stark,” she said in a voice very reminiscent of Pepper’s. “Joining us after all?”
Tony observed Steve out of the corner of his eye, still watchful for some sign of disapproval about his antics the previous night, though he was no longer bracing for a direct remark. But next to him, Steve just kept smiling, every now and then casting Tony this soft little look that Tony didn’t know what to do with.
“We’ve even got a secret handshake.”  Rhodey reached out to give him a little shove.  “So spill, man.”
“Fuck this shit,” Tony said, tossing the tablet aside. “I’m going to bed.”
, and maybeClint said he was a bit of a nag and a mother hen, and okay fine, so he-- (wants to get fucked long and hard...)-- none of that, it didn't . . . didn't make him a woman. Er, widow. Not that those things are
p.s. "Love means never having to say you're sorry" is an iconic line from the hit 1970 film "Love Story" about a cross-class love story, love, forgiveness, and mortality.  It's a memorable film, but this line always struck me as absolute bullshit.
Bruce blinked and looked back and forth between Steve and Tony a few times. (And, okay, so Dummy’d wanted to cover Steve with Tony’s lab blanket, and Tony didn’t want the bot to wake the guy up, so maybe
“Hi, Tony.”
“Good for you.”
“Scotch,” he ordered briskly, then remembered his manners—the bartender wasn’t the jerk—and added, “please.”
“Go on,” Tony said, voice low as he released Steve’s hip, “fuck yourself on my fingers.”
Tony’s brow creased.
Tony took a sip.
“Later, Tony.  Bruce.”
“Got it,” Steve said.  “No punching.”
Tony went back and forth between the Bob data and tinkering on some ancient engine.  Today it was a BSA Super Rocket.
“There better still be coffee,” Clint grumbled, stumbling into the kitchen.
“I just thought you’d wear the burgundy button down with the charcoal.”
“Yes, please. Just a dash.”
“Well, I
“Bruce, it’s on your StarkTab in three-two-one!”
“Okay, Bruce,” he said. “Better get started on this data.”
stay in a room with florescent lighting. Obviously.)
When Tony shuffled back to bed, the light of the reactor had gone dim.  Steve frowned.  Tony had put on pajamas.  He sat on the edge of the bed and held out the glass of water.  Steve sat up a little against the headboard and waited.  Tony held out the glass.  Steve waited.  (Aren’t you going to--?)  Tony didn’t move.  Steve reached out to take the cup.
“Yes.”
“Well, shit.” Tony frowned and nudged her glass closer. “Uh, drink?”
“Huh,” Tony muttered, “it’s almost like . . . Like they’re breaking the—”
“Good.”  Tony grinned at Steve, that rakish grin, and scooped up the coffee maker.  “So, I’ll see you here. Noon.”
“Hey JARVIS? Call Steve.”
Tony’s mind was racing. (What the hell kind of game was Fury playing?)
“Dummy.”
“I’ve got a few more training sessions scheduled at SHIELD with some of the strike teams, showing them the retiarius move,” Steve said, opening up an old -fashioned leather-bound agenda.  “But other than that--” he shrugged, “—I guess things are starting to go back to normal.”
Tony was still puzzling his way over the schematics when a freshly showered Steve came smiling into the workshop that evening.
If Steve was startled by the request he didn’t show it in the least, just slid to his knees and looked up at Tony, wide-eyed and expectant.  (Beautiful.)  Tony sat up straight, looking down at his lover.  He scooted forward, so Steve was kneeling pressed up against his knee.  Then, Tony reached out to cup Steve’s cheek with one hand.
(Fuck!)
—could have done ten times as much damage as the arachnoids. . . or more.”
Eventually, Tony said: “So, I guess this is why we haven’t been, ah—“
Harry nodded as Tony spoke, then pushed his glasses back into place.
At least he
Rogers collected the plate, holding it in both hands; he started to bow, then caught himself.
Tony felt like a complete idiot. How had he not realized that ages ago? It all made perfect sense. He’d assumed that in wartime a babe like Steve post-serum—a walking wet-dream—surely had gotten laid, but well . . . he was still Steve, right?
“No! I just—“ The denial sprang past Steve’s lips without thought, but of course, that
For whatever reason, it seemed like Bruce only wanted to see Steve after The Incident, so Tony hardly saw his Dom. Steve was almost always in Bruce's room, talking in a low tone (not that Tony tried to eavesdrop because eavesdropping is wrong) about something he didn't share with Tony. (Trying to keep Bruce on the team? Working on new safety protocols? (Hopefully) smoothing the way for Tony's (increasingly abject) apology?) And when Steve came back he was always exhausted and a little melancholy.
Turned out the math was pretty easy.
He definitely needed a shower. His hair was a mess and his eyes still looked a smidge bloodshot. His tank top was gross and sweaty and—
“Mr. Stark?”  He sounded alarmed.  “What’s happened? Are you all right?”
“Yeah, go for it!”
“I’m gonna unhook you now,” Tony said, reaching for the restraints, “but you did so well.  I’m so proud of you.”
Steve’s fingers carded roughly through Tony’s hair and caressed the back of his neck, stroking the sensitive spot behind his ears.
intellectual property, would you?  It’s just on loan.” Tony grinned his most cheeky grin.  “Great!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Hey!  I wore the stupid helmet, didn’t I?  And how can you be giving me a hard time about helmets, Mr. First-Rides-in-the-21st-Century-with-NO-HELMET-AT-ALL!?”
“I’m glad,” Tony murmured. He was relieved that Steve was on board with sex (of course he was), but it felt muted by the myriad emotions Steve’s words had stirred, dampened by an overwhelming tenderness that verged on wonder. Tony kissed Steve on the cheek and repeated softly, “I’m glad, babe.”
“Yes, weekly.  Thursdays.”
“Field green, you philistine.”
Tony had laid on top. His eyes went wide.
What a fucking day.
Steve smashed into one of the robots with his shield and barked, “Chatter!” then added a moment later, “What’s PVP?”
“Sir, Mr. Clark has left a fifth voicemail.”
“Ms. Katzen! Your heels are fierce, but not half so much as your latest interview—took my breath away!”
No. There was no more.
(Just breathe. In. Out.)
“A glass of something red and good.  Surprise me.”
Tony gave a theatrical shudder and Steve grinned as he added, “It had
(Maybe altered repulsor beams, blended with conventional electric circuitry…?)
Hope you liked it! Thank you all so much for the encouragement and support!
Cap ducked into the ring with them and took a deep breath.  He was still wearing a SHIELD training uniform.
Then Tony was part dragging, part pushing, Steve over to the bed, awkward, stumbling, his trousers around his knees.  Tony gave him a shove and Steve flopped back.  Tony fell to his knees and yanked Steve’s trousers down to his ankles.  He licked Steve’s dick, a long wet stripe with his tongue.  (Oh oh oh!)  Steve shoved his fist in his mouth and bit down on his cries.  Tony sucked the tip, then began to bob his head and--- (oh fuck, fuck, fuck! wet, hot, tight!)
Nothing.
“For what?” Belford asked skeptically.
“Don’t be gross,” Tony snapped.
“Go on,” Tony said softly. “Strip!”
“Uh, Tony?  Are you sure I can’t fetch you a blanket?”
Steve couldn’t keep the astonishment off his face--that was enough to pay four months back rent AND his heating bill; his shock undoubtedly doubled as she continued.
Pepper let out a little ‘humph.’
Steve handed Tony his coffee and then nodded away from the counter where the team sat around the remains of a sizable continental breakfast.
Oh please--people all offended by the age difference just upset that an older SUB is getting a younger DOM! Hypocrites. I say, go Tony! #fuckthegap
Whatever.
“Let me know when you hit TNG,” Clint added, waving his hand at the screen. “Oh, or the recent reboots. I liked those.”
“But it’s okay if you’re not,” Tony told him softly.
FYI: The story Tony references re: Silent Cal is a famous anecdote from the 1920s about President Calvin Coolidge, who was famously taciturn.  A woman at a party once made a bet with a friend that she could get him to say three words or more; he overheard her and at the end of the evening approached to say, “You lose.”
Inside Tony was pleased (ok,
and, well, (4)
“Huh?” Tony looked up from his tablet. “Uh, no. Common floor’s for everybody, no matter what time.”
Steve lifted Tony into bed by his armpits. (It wasn’t far—there was no need to hold Tony against his chest. He hadn’t imprinted, damnit.)
“Feeling pretty useless like this, Iron Man!” Cap complained while Tony took out all the baddies.  “Here—I’m gonna jump!”
“I know.”
(Steve’ll be here soon, and then you’ll find out.)
“Make you come.”  He answered instantly, without thinking.  He bowed his head, eyes downcast. “
Steve paid their cabbie (in
Bruce grinned. “And modest and tactful?”
“Hey, babe,” Tony said sauntering into the living room with a StarkTab under his arm.  Steve looked up from the newspaper.  (Printed on actual paper and smelling like newsprint.  He loved it…) Tony gave him a devilish grin.  (That bodes ill.  Or, very well…)  “I’ve got something for you,” Tony said.  “Got a minute?”
Tony moved in and out, thrusting
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said from the doorway.  There was something flat in his tone.  Steve felt his face heat up with embarrassment.  (You made a damn fool of yourself yesterday, Rogers, and you both know it.)
, you dick. Seriously, it’s like--” And Tony was off and running. They settled into the argument like it was old and comfortable, familiar like the bickering.
“I dropped by earlier,” Bruce said, “but you were asleep. Can I come in?”
There, surrounded by papers and files, Steve was slumped against the armrest, sound asleep. There was a plate at his feet speckled with a few lingering pizza crumbs. His laptop had been folded up at set aside to his left.
“You did all that for me?” Steve asked.
“Mmmph.”
Steve looked a little sad as he leaned forward to kiss Tony softly on the lips and asked again, “May I?”
Rhodey shrugged it off. “Nah, no worries.”
Tony bit his lip and frowned at the schematics. He couldn’t get the capacitive touch screen and the ink display’s negative charge particles to function in such close proximity. Maybe if--
“Is that what they’re doing?” Bruce asked.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve said, looking up with a little smile. “Just catching up on some correspondence.”
Steve looked confused, so Tony clarified, “Like global weirding—the better name for global warming, since it’s really all about the disruption of weather patterns, not a universal temperature increase.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Mrs. Rhodes and Pepper accompanied them to the launch pad.
“I’ve got you, baby,” Tony whispered roughly.  It was like the wind had been knocked out of him.  His body felt wrung out.   “You were so good for me, so perfect. . . .  So strong, taking what I give you. . . . shhh, so good.”
Three days later, Tony stood back to admire his handiwork and savor a steaming cup of French roast. Dummy was wheeling gleefully around the workshop playing with some of the fabric scraps and making little whirr-beeps; Tony should really shoo him over to this dock before Rogers arrived to--
“Thank you, Mr. Stark.”
“It really doesn’t matter, Tony.  I’m truly sorry that I got ahead of myself and leapt to conclusions instead of just listening to your news like I meant to.”  It was strange, so strange, to see Pepper so wrong-footed.
Still, maybe Tony could manage this quietly.
(Ah fuck.)  A pause.
With a moan, Steve pressed his mouth to Tony’s neck--just above his collarbone--nipping and sucking a bruise to life on Tony’s delicate skin. The bites sent pinpricks of heat shivering down Tony’s spine. He trembled in Steve’s arms.
“Are you kidding?” Tony opened his mouth to answer, but Pepper held up a hand for silence and rushed on, “Yes, Tony, I
Steve lapped at his balls, little strokes of hot wet tongue.
“Okay, J.  Run those calculations for me and let’s see what we’ve got.”
The next morning Tony stumbled into the kitchen, bleary as usual. (Ok, maybe very very slightly hungover. But not
“Sure.  Yeah,” Tony said.  “Sounds great.”
“Nope,” Tony agreed abandoning his plate and hopping down from his bar stool.  “I’m one of those debauched atheists the nuns warned you about.  Godless sinner all around.”  Tony said it cheerfully, with a big smile.  “Thanks for breakfast,” he added, “Enjoy your church thing.”
Tony shivered.
“No.  That’s just your living room.”
“Good assumption,”  Steve said solemnly.
—he just wants to see my body, see me obey.  That’s good.  Really good.)
Tony didn’t stay to explain to the others.
6:33.
Steve started idly sketching the damsel with a dulcimer onto a fresh page.
Tony set his phone aside and realized Pepper was staring at him with a little smile.
“Tony,” Steve murmured.
“Please, don’t—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What an end to your first date, huh?”  Tony said with a wry smile.
Rogers looked baffled then pissed.  He looked back and forth between Tony and Fury.
“Darth Vader,” Tony said to get Rogers’ goat.  (Really, it was Leia.)
“Like I said,” the Captain repeated, smiling with fierce satisfaction. “You’d better start packing.”
Tony licked his lips.
“Mmmm,” Steve sighed, sliding the covers back for Tony to slip into bed.  Steve pulled Tony close, making him little spoon, then nuzzled the back of Tony’s neck.  He wriggled closer so his whole body was flush with Tony’s.  Tony took Steve’s hand in his and pressed them to his chest, right above the arc reactor.
Really, they should sit down and have a mature, level-headed discussion-- the kind Pepper would approve of.  Yeah.  A nice, calm discussion about outdated notions of chivalry and their intrinsically orientationist assumptions.  Soon.  Before Tony snapped.
“She’s great,” Jackie said coating his hands in scented oils and beginning Tony’s massage. “My darling dyke*
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony snorted and stepped onto the mat.
Rogers snorted. “That one has nothing to complain about. It’s still working!” He cracked a bit of a smile and shook his head. “You should see the tech they gave me at SHIELD early on. They said to be careful with it, but they kept giving me these stupid tests that pissed me off, so I pushed too hard and put my finger clean through the tablet!”
Steve looked happy but just one notch shy of exhausted. There was a smudge of blue marker on his chin.
“God, Tony,” Steve groaned against his throat, “The mouth on you! The way you talk . . . you just--”
Thanks so much for reading!  Hope you liked it!  Comments, musings, and speculation are loved and adored! Hope it wasn't too much porn for you! ;p
Tony stared at him. (Holy shit. My old man made
