issues. I thought I had dealt with them, but I guess not.”
“Of course not. He just flatly told me that I was wrong about my responsibility for having made the deal and wrong about the reasons why Cas left, then went on to tell me that I’ve never failed him, and I’m his hero.” Dean threw up his hands.
“You said earlier that you’re in therapy. Are you going to tell the therapist about
“Charles, I think it’s time we introduced Castiel to some other children of high rank. Perhaps some nobles, or even some royalty from nearby kingdoms. The boy is eight years old now, and so far, his friends are the children of the palace staff, commoners all, and while there’s nothing wrong with knowing such people, it might come in handy later in life to be able to relate to the people - still, who knows what he might be learning from them in terms of manners.”
it now.
, because what if he leaves? What if we have this amazing relationship I know we can have, if we let ourselves, and I get used to it, and then he decides it’s not what he wants, and so he
“I’ll handle Dean, Claire. Why don’t you go wait in Jody’s office?” Cas suggested.
Cas grinned at the realization that Dean was unaware that Pam had spilled the beans that afternoon. He had no intention of telling Dean that, and getting Pam in trouble, of course.
“Becky Rosen. I mentioned that the first prophet I met was Chuck; he writes under the pseudonym Carver Edlund.”
"Look, you’ve got issues. You’re putting everything on Cas, things that aren’t his fault, things he couldn’t have done anything about. I think you need help, Dean. You’ve gotta sort things out in your own head.
Dean thought, hard, about that, and slowly relaxed. He nodded to himself, thinking about it. He looked back up at Mia, a good deal less frightened now than he had been. “Yeah. I did. I damn well did, and no one messed with my memories or feelings about it, I just enjoyed it.”
“Yeah.”
“Well, I knew what he was doing. I couldn’t really take offense, y’know? He knew I had been in Hell; me coming back as I did didn’t really make a lot of sense, so me being a meat suit for a demon? That made a lot more sense to him, and I can’t blame him for it.” Dean grinned. “But after that? He didn’t need anything further. Just gave me a hug, told me it was good to see me, and that was it. Just accepted me for me, just like he always had.”
neglect you, did make you raise Sam, correct?”
Mia smiled. “I try.” She looked back at the journal. “And then that sets up another comparison between Bobby, on the one hand, and John, on the other. You write, ‘John gave you the crumbs of his attention, almost none of his care, never really trusted you, and never acted like he believed in you. Bobby never held back from caring for you, showed you exactly how he felt about you, always trusted you, and always believed in you. John was the sperm donor who dragged you around and neglected you. Bobby was the father you needed, and thank goodness for him.’”
"I didn’t answer. And then he said that if he wasn’t back by Sunday night, and I said then I should
to, Dean?”
“Different Amelia. That’s an ex-girlfriend of Sam’s. I went to Purgatory for a year – another long story – and when I came back, I found out that Sam hadn’t even looked for me. To be fair, I told him not to look for me, and he didn’t know where I’d gone, but when has a logical reason for something ever kept me from being pissy? Anyway, he accidentally hit a dog with his car. He felt horrible, so he took it to the vet clinic. Amelia Richardson was the vet on duty; her husband was MIA in Afghanistan, and was believed to be dead. She and Sam ended up having a relationship, and Sammy adopted the dog, too. He always wanted a dog, growing up, but of course, we were always on the road, he couldn’t have one. So he adopted this silly mutt, named it Riot. Then I came back. Around the same time, Amelia’s husband came back from being MIA. Sam wanted the decision to be hers, and hers alone, so he left her. She went back to her husband. Sam came back to hunting. He still loves her, he’s just got a lot of honor.” Dean took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. “Not sending that one.”
“Because, I should have known better than to drink. I shouldn’t have had as much as I had, I shouldn’t have had any. I should’ve stuck to water, and I knew it. But I drank to excess, and then I said things, did things, that upset Claire, and it doesn’t matter that she forgave me, I was wrong. It was self-destructive, and caused pain to someone I love. Cas, too, because upsetting Claire upset Cas.”
, Cas? After everything I’ve done, all the times and ways I’ve hurt you? Why does my
“Dean. When you told me about the dream, earlier, you told me about the cutting that Alastair did on you, and  you showed me the wounds on your chest. But you didn’t mention that in your dream, he’d raped you, and that when you woke up, you could feel that, as well.” Cas looked concerned.
“I had no idea I was doing this,” he whispered.
. Because I don’t want to stab your heart anymore, Cas. Your heart is too important to me for that.”
“No. Until Cas left, my normal was to drink almost every day. Varying amounts, and not while working a case. But once I was off-duty? Yeah, I’d be at the bar knockin’ ‘em back. And then I’d be picking up someone for sex, most likely.”
He parked, got out, and had to use his key to enter the building. Bess Fitzgerald clearly wasn’t in the office yet.
“Dean… do I want to know why, exactly, you’re all fighting with… God?”
She handed him the glass. “You okay?”
, no question. And it would have been a
he hit you? And, if so, when did that
“You write here about your drinking being of concern to you, and to your family. How much do you drink, Dean?”
whipping, or
Dean got down two glasses, filled them with ice and water, and the two of them glided around each other with practiced ease. They went back into the dining room, and Cas smiled at Dean as they seated themselves.
“I did. In Cas.” Dean smiled softly.
“Um… I have no idea. Why? I thought you didn’t like tuna salad.” Cas was confused. He’d made a tuna-noodle salad once, and had been sure Dean had not liked it, though he hadn’t complained, of course. Dean never complained about food. Cas could just tell when something wasn’t to Dean’s taste, and tried not to make it again. So, he hadn’t made anything with tuna since then, just in case.
Dean nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
“You know Death on a first-name basis?”
been ‘just’ a friend.
“Huh. I was sure you’d tell me I had to talk to Sam about Emma.”
on that fact?” Cas asked.
“And how did that make you feel, Dean?”
“What? Oh. Saturday. Sure. Yeah.” Dean shook his head a little bit, as if to clear it. “Yeah, so Saturday morning, we got up and finished warding Donna’s cabin, and then Amara got there.”
. I’m sorry for that, too, then.
Dean stopped cold. He slowly looked up at Mia, frozen in terror at that thought.
Dean set his fork down with a clink, his face paling dramatically.
“Yeah. I should send some of them. I should. I will. I’ll get on that tomorrow. Looks like it’s kinda late to do it today.” Dean nodded at the window, which showed that it was already full dark outside. “I’d better get moving. Cas is going to wonder where I am.”
you love me, but I’m glad you do. Because I love you, too. I know I have work to do, and I’m gonna do it, Cas. I won’t make a promise you can’t trust. I can’t say I won’t backslide again, because honestly, I probably will.
“Yes. It’s this whole big thing in my head. Like, if I let him in, if we have real true intimacy, I know it’s going to be good,
. If he were standing here right now, I honestly don’t know if I’d deck him or hug him, first. I’d probably get around to doing
kind of torture, having that hope. And I don’t blame you, Dean. We all crave comfort, and love, and a little kindness now and then. After thirty years of starving for a gentle touch, you got one, and it seemed like a feast. You wanted more; that’s only natural. And Alastair
“It’s the earliest I can remember clearly - the day of the fire. I might be able to come up with bits and pieces, or flashes of recall before that day, but that’s my first clear memory where I know for a fact what happened and how old I was. And also because that’s the day that everything changed. When Dad went from being a sweet, loving, father who laughed and played with me, and swept me up in his arms to carry me on his shoulder, to being a dark, often drunk, neglectful son of a bitch who left me in charge of an infant so he could seek his revenge on the demon who killed our mother.” Dean studiously kept his eyes on his hands, twisting in his lap.
come straight home. I think it’s okay to spend time with Cas now and then, though.”
“Yeah, I should’ve done that earlier. My bad.” Dean looked at the ceiling and whistled, innocently.
, Claire.”
about that. So you keep in mind that
“No thanks necessary, Mrs. Rose. Alicia’s a good girl, and she’s getting around much better now - that’s all the thanks I need.” He smiled, picked up his coffee, and waved as he went out the door into the building lobby, heading for the elevator.
Dean writes the assigned letters to himself, and continues to journal.
“You also mention an Alex here, in a list of people that you apparently forgot love you. Who is Alex?”
“Why, yes, Gadreel, I would
Cas reached out and lightly cupped Dean’s jaw. Dean opened his eyes, surprised by the gentle touch.
.” Cas sighed.
, now - that those memories
“Dean, don’t ever let anyone tell you Sam’s the only smart brother. You ask me here, at the end of this journal entry, ‘how do I exorcise an already dead demon from my psyche?’ This is how, Dean. By realizing what you did think, and changing that to what you want to think, instead. Your relationship with Cas is a very healthy one, Dean. The things that you tell me, that you write in your journal, about it are the healthiest thoughts you’ve expressed to me. So, start there. As we already discussed, stop thinking about how to make up the past damage to Cas. I am telling you, and I am willing to bet that Cas would say the same, that the past damage is now irrelevant, and continuing to dwell on it is only doing you further harm. You are Castiel’s equal in this relationship, Dean. You are his fiancé, and you will be his husband, because he loves you. He trusts you, and he believes in you. Now, you have to trust and believe in yourself, as well.”
. I’m a fuck up. But I’m going to do the work. Because I want and need to be better, for
“To be honest, I don’t want to talk about it, but, except with Cas, I never have, and I think maybe it might do some good. Sam urged me to talk about it when I first came back, but I couldn’t get into details with him, y’know? I told him bits and pieces, just enough so he wouldn’t ask about it any more, and then I just shut him out of it. So, until just this past week, I’ve never really discussed the details of what I went through, and never with anyone but Cas. And, to be honest, I didn’t really tell
Mia shook her head. “Well, as long as you know that, I guess.”
Dean was hungry, and he considered waiting, eating first, but the thought of the other news he had decided him in favor of getting dry now, and eating later. “Yeah, I’ll run up quick. You go ahead and eat, though. I’ll be right back.”
“You know that I am. It’s just that I want our son to be just as happy as we are, always, with no chance of the devastation that could be,” Naomi had to laugh as the King started to tickle her gently to get her to stop expressing her negative anxiety. “All right, all right, no worrying tonight. I promise. Come, let us go down to the party, and let Castiel sleep.”
belong to Alastair, or if there were any way for Alastair to assert some kind of claim over you, now. I asked if
. And you don’t want it, Dean. And I don’t know what to do about that. Because I can’t
“I’m not saying it was, Dean. I’m asking how do you know it wasn’t?”
books’ publisher went under and new ones weren’t coming out anymore, although Chuck was still writing them, then - God took Chuck’s body over as a vessel, and I guess started pretending that Chuck had been God all along. But now, God is gone, and Chuck is, as he puts it, ‘swimming back up to the surface for the first time in a long time,’ and back to being human. And a rabbity nervous little human, he is, too.”
“Yes. I remember.” Mia was still irritated with John Winchester. “It says here that you’ve realized that Cas is ‘the love of your life, and Sam is all for it.’ I take it that means you discussed the proposal plans with Sam?”
“Cas took Claire home, then came back and had you come outside to star gaze with him. That’s sweet.”
The clouds were a bit ominous, and the weather report had called for rain this evening, but he was sure he could get there before it started. Maybe. Okay, he’d have to be pretty lucky not to get at least moist, but he could handle it. He was no longer the wrecked shell of a man he’d been when Cas had first bought him to set him free. His immune system was back in ship-shape condition, according to Pam, even after the whole mess with… well, no point in getting into that again. It was over, and they were home, together, and well - and that’s all that mattered.
Claire shot him a dark look, moved her piece back into the Hall, and showed him another card.
“Is binge-drinking once in a while what you usually do, Dean?”
“It was a gorgeous night for it, last night. The skies were so clear, and the air was crisp and cool, but not so cold that you couldn’t stand outside for a bit. So we stood out there and talked about wedding plans for a while. It was nice.”
“Yeah, Cas. It did. It really did. Thank you, Angel.”
Gadreel woke before his alarm clock went off again, but this time, he slapped it off and got up right away, not even looking at the time. He got dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt, and went running. He came back, took a shower, toweled off, and got dressed in his usual work clothes.
Mia continued to read. “And here’s the third draft of the proposal speech. It’s just lovely, Dean.”
“So the fourth option is that John told you there were ways for you to make money, and then taught you how to hustle pool, and you say here that you think this is most likely because you know that John did, at some point, teach you how to hustle pool, and then you turned around and taught Sam. And I agree that this does sound like the most likely choice.
“The truth, Cas, is that I am not, in fact, a good person. I try to do good things, and I try to do what’s right, but it’s not because I’m a good person. It’s because I’m
believe that?”
“Dean. I’m glad we talked today. I’m feeling much better about, well,
. More like a continuation of a decorating plan,” Mia smiled.
“In the meantime, Pam… how do I go to work today? I’m supposed to be in the pool all morning, so I can’t use scent blockers, but I can’t
Dean, sitting next to him, in the curricle that had brought them to the station from the palace, leaned over and whispered, “Is it some kind of holiday, Cas?”
“Partly. Some of the things I said in the letter, I said to him in person, but not all or even most of it. And I think it’s all stuff that he needs to hear. But even with things between us being better, I don’t know that I’d have the courage to
Dean's doing a lot of therapeutic writing this week - continued!
“I want to ask, Dean, if you continue to feel that it’s productive for you to come all the way across town once a week, just to have me read your journal and ask questions about what you’ve written to clarify things for my own benefit. And if you do, great, we can certainly continue to do that. But I want to offer you an alternative, if you’re open to it. It seems to me that you’ve really been doing all the work by writing down your thoughts all along, and I could just as easily keep up with your journal remotely. We could email back and forth about your journal entries, for example. And if you felt a need, you could call me, or even come in, but it wouldn’t have to be as structured as it has been. What would you think about having our sessions be by electronic means, rather than in person, Dean? Would that be of interest to you, or not?”
“Well, Cas is sharing his vessel at the moment.”
“Probably not.”
“Of course.” Dean smiled.
trauma, Bal.”
.” Sam stared out the passenger window at the scenery going past.
. Everyone leaves. Even Sam has left, a couple of times.”
“Y-yes, but…”
Castiel suddenly realized that neither he nor any of the other royal children had actually been outside the Palace grounds in quite some time. The streets were quieter, very few people seemed to be out and about, and hardly anyone was at the market. The train station was practically deserted when they arrived, but for the people working there. Where were the lines, the crowds, the normal bustle of the throng of people moving from place to place that normally filled the station? He looked around, taking in the changes a bit nervously.
. Remember during your first session, I told you to give yourself
“So, it wasn’t that he was physically violent that made this incident stand out for you, Dean. It was that this was the incident where you became the obedient little soldier. Isn’t that right?”
“So, continuing on Friday afternoon…. You mention here that when you said ‘no’ to Michael, someone named Adam said ‘yes’ instead?”
I meant that what you said made you sound very mature, just like I said. I wasn’t thinking anything else, then, I swear…. But… well, you
With a sigh, he rose and went to take a shower. He let the hot water beat down on him, soothing his own muscles tight from stress. He got out, toweled off, and got dressed. He went into the kitchen and got a pot of coffee started. He whipped up some eggs for an omelette and poured them in a hot pan, then shoved the pan and spatula away from the burner toward the back of the stove. “Dammit!”
Dean grinned, with a vaguely lascivious air, at his owner. “Oh, yeah, Cas? You’re
“I’m so sorry, Cas.” Dean kept his eyes closed, but a tear escaped anyway.
“Okay. And Alastair asserts here that Sam could use his powers to kill
“Dean, I’ve told you before that I love you. I always have. From the moment I saw your soul shining in the Pit, I’ve loved you.” Cas’ head was tilted to the right, a puzzled expression on his face. “Have you really
“I bet. I assume you journaled about this?”
with him.
of choice – to continue, on the one hand, to be tortured in the way you began your time in Hell, or, on the other, to be tortured in a completely different way, one in which you had a hope of occasional respite, which, from what you’ve said, never actually came. In some ways, that’s a
“I’ve been trying to quit drinking. I don’t know why I drank tonight. Bad habits die hard, I guess. And I have a lot of them. And one of them is hurting the people I care about.”
Dean’s hand came up and a finger went inside his collar, seeking to loosen it. He could feel his face warming. “Yeah, maybe,” he muttered.
“I’m making healthier choices. I’m reaching out to the people around me, instead of shutting them out. Letting them help, letting them be supportive of me. And they’re reaching back. And now I see I never really needed the crutch of alcohol. I just needed to open my eyes to the fact that I’m loved. I have a family who loves me, Mia. I was never alone. I just couldn’t see it. Whether because of Dad, or Alastair, or because I’m just an idiot, I just couldn’t see it.”
“He did.”
And I said
“Do you have any cash left, Cas? I think I might have a couple of dollars, but that won’t buy much outside of Kansas, which is probably why I
self. You write that you hope to retire completely from hunting, and now and then maybe restore a car. You and Cas live in the country in a house big enough for you, him, Jack and Claire, and their children, so they can drop by whenever to see you, and you hope Sam and Gabe live nearby. And then you write, ‘I don’t really know what else to write to you, Old Gray Me. Except this:  don’t fuck it up. Be good to Castiel, and to yourself. Let yourself be happy, Dean. You earned it.’ Well, I agree, Dean, you’ve certainly earned happiness, if anyone has. This letter is short, but sweet. It’s interesting, because all of your other letters to yourself this week were rather long, with the exception of the first one. It kind of looks like when you wrote the first one, you weren’t sure of what you wanted to say, so you kept it short, and when you wrote the last one, which was the first to your future self, you again weren’t sure of what you wanted to say, so, again, you kept it short. And in the middle, there, you seemed to get into the exercise, and let yourself really dig in, writing a lot and getting in a lot of good self-analysis. Does that seem accurate to you, Dean?”
“How’s that working for you?”
“By the end of maybe the first...month? Kind of hard to tell the passage of time, not like you get a calendar down there. Anyway, after a while, they were cycling through pretty much everything you can think of, any kind of torture at all, on almost a daily basis. There was no pattern to how or when they’d do something specific, but you kind of get to know how many things they
“Because I don’t see the point. We’ve discussed him, I’ve talked about Ben with Cas, and Sam, they know about him, it’s not like he’s a secret, but there’s nothing I can do to bring him back into my life. And it hurts, so yeah, I don’t talk about him, because why bring up a painful subject?”
“How’s Alicia doing, Mrs. Rose? She still doing her exercises?”
Dean put his head on Cas’ lap, and Cas stroked his hair gently for a moment.
, wasn’t it? If the program moved, he’d finally be able to see a little more of the world for himself. He longed for that. Dean and Sam had been away from their parents for three years, and they were thriving. Surely his own mother wouldn’t deny him the opportunity to go and stay at the home of one of his royal friends? Maybe not Lucifer and Ruby, as Abyssinia had some kind of strife - but Kansas and Elyseum were safe, weren’t they?
“As part of my journaling. Mia didn’t suggest it, but I thought it would be a good idea to explain things to the people I care about. So I wrote one to
“Last night? What’d you do?”
, you’ve shown how little you care about yourself, Dean. You’ve been doing well, you were taking therapy seriously, you weren’t drinking, and then a case gets busy and you simply revert right back to your same old patterns of behavior, even though you know how bad they are for you. You drank, you ignored your therapy work, and then you acted inappropriately with Claire.
Dean turned to Cas. “I get what you’re saying, and I agree that the logic holds up, but then … why do I still feel so guilty?”
“Probably.”
“Emma told me she didn’t like what they’d told her, she didn’t want to be what they wanted of her, and she didn’t want to kill me. But she’d brought a knife. Now, I wasn’t afraid of a knife in the hands of a less-than-two-week-old child, no matter how grown she looked to be, plus, I had a gun of my own. And every Harrison Ford fan knows….”
“You tell yourself here that you didn’t do anything wrong; that it was Azazel’s fault, not yours. But then you write that 36 years later, you still don’t really believe that. You say that ‘emotionally, I’m still you,” meaning the four-year-old version of you. You also say that ‘everyone leaves’ you. Is that still how you feel today, a week later, Dean?”
, Dean. So I left. And it broke my heart.”
Dean nodded and handed her the notebook.
Dean's journal entries for Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
Dean grinned. “We had movie night last night.”
Eventually, he stopped, across the office from where he’d been sitting, and said, “So, in addition to Sam’s ‘you were under duress’ argument, and Cas’ ‘you were the Righteous Man and the seal still broke, therefore, you were still righteous, therefore you were not blameworthy’ argument, you’re saying that, while I did make a choice, it wasn’t an informed decision, so, I’m not liable for it?”
Dean nodded. “I don’t want to fuck that up again, Cas.”
to be the smart one, Dean. You certainly don’t strike me as being in any way mentally deficient. At some point, Dean, it might be interesting to have you take an IQ test, and some cognitive evaluation tests, and prove it to you.” Mia grinned at him, then turned the page to his entry from Wednesday afternoon.
, what your plans are for the
It wasn’t quite 5:00, but it was time to go home.
Dean nodded.
So, he went to Benny’s office, and they talked for quite a while. In fact, they ended up ordering a pizza, because they were both starving, but neither was willing to call time on the conversation. By the end of it, Gadreel was feeling better, and Benny was filled in on his full qualifications.
Mia laughed at the term. “A ‘brain fart’, eh? That’s a new one on me, Dean. I like it.” He grinned at her.
“And I kinda stammered out,
As he’d suspected, Cas had beaten him home. The lights were on in the living room, but as Dean passed the window, he couldn’t see the alpha, who was most likely in the kitchen. As he fumbled with his keys with one hand, Dean mumbled softly to the kitten.
“Any sniping at Cas?”
Dean grinned through the tears that were still stubbornly falling, wiping his eyes again. “Shut up,” he suggested, without heat.
He stood on tiptoes to look over the reception desk at the clock that Bess kept by her computer and phone - and discovered that it was only 6:00… meaning that he must have gotten up around 4:30. He bonked himself on the head, then went to the staff breakroom kitchen to start a pot of coffee. He waited for it to brew, poured himself a cup, and took it to his office, where he drank it while working on paperwork.
“You held out for thirty years, in Hell’s time, correct?”
“Yeah. I can do that, Mia. I can believe and accept that. It’s the ‘
get better, but the change has to come from
“Really? You weren’t
“Then why are you letting it eat you up? If Cas has let those things go, why can’t you? Dean, you’re still overcompensating as a means of gaining control, from fear of abandonment. Consciously, you know Cas is in it for the long-term, and so are you. But subconsciously? Are you still thinking he’ll leave unless you make up for all the damage of the past?”
“Yeah. It was confusing because apparently Chuck was a prophet, but just a human, until about ten years ago. Shortly after we met him - which was after the
“I started writing to Kevin, and then I remembered something. I thought it could be important, for the fight against Chuck, so I went to tell Cas, but he just blew me off. So I got a little pissy. It’s all in the journal entry. Anyway, we talked about it, later on last night, and we’re okay now.”
. And then he packed up all our stuff, and drove us to his friend’s house, and we stayed with Pastor Jim for a while. Didn’t hear from Dad for a few months. Didn’t know if he was alive or dead, whether he was okay or not. And then one day, he was there, and it was back on the road for us, like nothing had happened.”
“You say here that back then, you resented him for being the one who got to be good in school, while you couldn’t concentrate in your classes due to your concerns over having to take care of everything. I wonder, Dean, have you ever considered that if you
“Well, nerve regeneration is difficult even for us. If you burn out your optic nerves by staring at the sun, it’s a good bet that an angel could eventually heal you, but it would take some time, and most angels would lose patience and take off before it was done. Healing my own vessel’s eyes would probably take a good week, if I burned them out completely. I’d still be able to see, but it wouldn’t be through my vessel’s eyes, it’d be through my grace, so everything would be odd colors and hazy.
"And I said that I knew that, but we’d
come back. That I could just take Sammy and go away, find somewhere safe, and get a job, and not have to
Dean looked confused. “I… I don’t think so. I’m not sure what you’re asking, Mia.”
, Dean. I don’t think you have to forgive everyone for everything. You still
“Make an appointment, Dean, or I’ll do it for you. And make an effort. Because this isn’t just a one-off. You’ve been pushing people away your whole life, Dean, and it has to stop.” Sam smiled, but Dean knew he was serious. This wasn't a suggestion, it was an ultimatum. He'd lost Cas. He couldn't lose Sam, too. So, if Sam wanted him to see a therapist, he would. Even a shapeshifting monster therapist.
Gad snorted. “Yeah, no. That’s not gonna do it.”
Dean nodded.
“At the end of the day, once they were done, I had to be reassembled. Alastair didn’t always put me back together correctly, either - that was another way to torture me; he’d put my head on backward, or my legs, so my knees buckled back, or to the sides, making it difficult to walk properly, if I was allowed to walk anywhere. And that’s how he was able to implant the false memories, I think. He just shoved them in while he was putting me back together. Cas said that when he pulled me out, he had to reconstruct me from scratch, meaning, again, from the atoms up, and he only had a few moments to do so between pulling me out of the Pit and when I was resurrected and came to, lying in a pine box in my grave. And in that time, he tried to sort through the memories, but only a few of them had obvious errors, like a purple sky, or red grass - something where, when Alastair created the false memory, he hadn’t paid enough attention and was rushed or something like that. Anything that wasn’t obviously, glaringly wrong like that, Cas felt he had to leave it, because it might be real, he couldn’t know for sure it wasn’t, and deleting anything real might do much worse damage than leaving even multiple fakes.”
. You’re my other brother, Cas. The second is still
“No. You can’t. This won’t be the last time we talk about your father, Dean. But this was a very good first step.
Upon arriving at the train station, the royal children discover that there's no one on the train but themselves and railroad employees. Even their tutors have left them, the footmen who unloaded the baggage and stowed it onto the train have gone back to the palace. They're alone, for the first time in their entire lives. The younger kids are giddy with freedom, but Cas and Dean know enough to be frightened by this turn of events - and even more when the train suddenly slows to a stop in the middle of nowhere, for no apparent reason. Cas tells the younger kids that they're all going to play 'let's pretend that we're not royal', they're just all an ordinary family, all brothers and one sister, on a journey to visit family. Sam, older than Anna and Alfie, gets it, but the younger two do not, and are excited to play the game.
Sam hid his smile behind his sandwich.
“You bet, Dean.”
“No.”
Dean considered that. “Maybe? I mean, no, I don’t think that, actively. But maybe subconsciously? I.. I don’t know. Maybe that’s what the dream was trying to tell me?”
“Um, of course. I’ll be… I’ll just be going, then.” She left, and Alicia burst out into laughter.
“Yeah. And I wasn’t even thinking that I wasn’t comfortable with what he’d proposed, it was just when he proposed it, my brain just… stopped for a second. I think that’s due to… well, I remember my dad being very homophobic, but, as you know, I have implanted memories, courtesy of Alastair, so I don’t know if that’s real, or fake. But it comes down to this - those memories conditioned me to be what my father would have thought of as ‘manly.’ And being on the receiving end of sex with another man would not be part of that. So, when Cas proposed that, it took me a bit to get past that conditioning, but I wasn’t rejecting Cas, or the idea of it, I was just… having a brain fart, basically.”
. Claire was upset, but she’ll be fine.
“Excellent, Dean.” Mia smiled.  “Okay, next thing here is a letter to yourself at age 33, when Bobby was killed, and apparently, he haunted you for a bit?”
Dean frowned. “What do you mean?”
Gad had nodded. Benny was right, Gad knew he was right. And Gad felt lighter for having admitted it.
“Okay, so you finished the letter to Kevin. And then there’s a letter to someone named Ruby. Tell me about that, Dean.”
the shtriga attack. And, you know, Mia, Dad never spoke about it again. I never brought it up to him, either. But after that…he looked at me differently, which was
He didn’t notice it himself, but he got a little extra spring in his step, just thinking about telling Cas his news.
. You’re
. Don’t even
, I have to
“And Layla?”
, my heart. It’s time to let it go, Dean.”
“Good for you, Dean. And that brings us to the Monday afternoon journal entry. And you say here that Lucifer ‘offered’ to go into Shann. Tell me about that, Dean.”
“Hello, Andrea. How are you today?” he asked in a caring voice as he entered her room.
“Beer?”
“Oh. No, I don’t. Is that a problem?” Sam looked serious, but he was only twelve years old, and Dean wasn’t going to tell him the problems they faced. It was Dean’s responsibility to take care of Sam, not the other way ‘round.
“Okay. And next is your daily entry, where you talk about the next night’s dream, again of Alastair in that room in your memory palace. And he makes the same claims, essentially, as the night before, with a few new twists here and there. This bit about Sam being a powerful psychic even without demon blood is new, though; at least, it’s new to me. Can you tell me about that, Dean?”
. I’m
It was early November, but it was still fairly warm, so Dean had his window down. The radio was set to the classic rock station, and Dean was keeping time with his thumbs on the steering wheel.
“Let me put it this way, Mia. I had some thoughts, but they’re for Cas, first.”
Dean was entranced. He lifted the baby to his chest as he rose to his full height, and cuddled it close. He’d check the kitten’s gender later; right now, getting it warm was his priority.
“He understands that you
“I don’t engage in it for fun, not on purpose, or to get off; but I can’t deny, Cas, I’ve tortured people, demons – hell, I tortured Alastair before Sam killed him – and I still enjoy it. And agreeing to torture others so I could get down off the rack – that was a choice, a real choice, and I made it. Sam says I’m blameless because I was under duress, but I can’t agree.
Castiel’s heart sank as he listened. He’d suspected much of what Dean had told him, but hadn’t realized that Dean had been made to feel complicit. “Dean, have you discussed your time in Hell with Mia? I mean beyond just the basic relating of the fact that you were there, the details of it, that you just told me?”
“Because even as I said it, I knew it wasn’t true. We’ve discussed already that what I felt for Cassie wasn’t really love, it was a healthy dose of lust and attraction, with some admiration thrown in. But she didn’t believe in me, or trust me, and I need someone who’ll do both. And that’s what I learned from her - that I need someone who will believe in me and trust me.”
Mia laughed. “And the award for ‘most uses of the word “freaked” in a single sentence’ goes to….”
“Jo was like a sister. We might have had a thing, but she saw right through me. She was tough as nails, a fighter, she could hold her own, hold her liquor, but she was also sweet and kind and gentle when appropriate. The only time I ever got to kiss her was after a Hellhound got her, right before she died. She saved me from it, and it killed her.”
“Good.” Mia smiled softly. “And then next you proposed, and Cas accepted, and you say here that ‘The whole restaurant applauded us as we hugged. I totally didn’t cry. Okay, I had tears in my eyes, but I didn’t let them fall. Happy tears don’t count anyway.’ Is that a bit of toxic masculinity rearing its ugly head there, Dean?”
“Nurse Blanchett.”
kill a person, including me, if he was of a mind to do so. But it’s more likely that he would never try. Sam’s done violent things, but not to people, Mia. Usually, he’s really pretty gentle.”
He nodded. “I can respect that. You want me to go?”
(See the end of the chapter for
. So, I tried to get her to put the knife down, to reason with her. Told her that I would love to get to know her properly, to be her father in truth, as well as in terms of genetic material. And I think she was listening, but she still had the knife up, and Sam came back. The door was cracked, and he saw her, thought she was threatening me. I put my gun down, trying to get her to relax, but he thought I was surrendering. He came in, and shot her. He killed her, Mia, with just one shot. His own niece. My daughter.”
“The night you left the bunker.”
“Yeah, I know, right?” Dean smiled wryly.
a good person. A
my friend, you’re my
Dean looked at Cas’ face, and knew he wasn’t off the hook, and was glad for it. But then, Dean had a sudden horrible thought. “Cas, are you
“Nor do I, Dean. As I said, when I left the bunker that night – thinking that it was over between us, that made me physically ill. And that’s why I can’t come back yet. I’m still fragile, Dean. And I think you are, too. And I don’t know about you, but I can’t keep stepping carefully, hoping to avoid the land mines, and fearing I’ll miss.”
Claire groaned and moved her piece to the Hall, then showed Dean a card, without showing Jody.
Cas stepped over to him and laid a gentle hand on Dean’s head. “Dean, I
“Do you want to move on, stay with this, or call it a day, Dean? Up to you.”
“Later, during the Trials, we had to free an innocent man’s soul from Hell. We found out that Bobby had gone downstairs, and that there was a way to get him out. We enlisted the aid of a rogue reaper, named Ajay, to ferry Sam into Hell and back out again. Ajay got Sam into Hell, by going through Purgatory; he told Sam how to get back out of Hell with Bobby’s soul, but said he’d meet up with him to get them out of Purgatory. But Crowley wanted Bobby in Hell, and so he killed Ajay before he could go back for them. When I found out that Ajay had been killed, I asked Benny for a favor. He knew immediately what I wanted, and he just laid down his life, let me kill him and send him back to Purgatory, got Sam out for me, and refused to come with Sam because there were three vamps on their trail – he stayed to make it possible for Sam to get out. I assume he’s still there; if he’d gotten out somehow, he would’ve let me know.”
“No,” Dean whispered.
“Is that it, Dean? Just yelling and favoring Sam?”
Mia nodded. “No, I get that, Dean. I’d be ‘freaked’ as well if I was glowing and it showed up on film.” She continued to read. “And then you write here that you and Cas went to bed, and he tied you to the bed, at your request. You seem to have been comfortable with that experience, from the way you’ve described it here; it sounds like the two of you were just having some fun, and he was being responsible and checking in with you consistently. But given what you’ve told me about your experiences in Hell, with being raped and used sexually repeatedly, I need to check -
“And then we’ll discuss this more next week. Okay?” Mia walked him to the door.
Mia nodded, and looked back at the journal. “You write, ‘So, Mia, why did I keep thinking it’s okay to turn right at that hallway intersection? Why did I keep wanting to do so? If I just turned left, it wouldn’t be an issue – I wouldn’t get to that door, wouldn’t feel so curious about what was going on inside that open doorway that I can’t see through. And why is there an intersection at all? What’s up ahead, if I chose to just go straight? Why turn at all? From what Cas told me about Sam’s memory palace, it was all just one long corridor, except where an area had been carved out for Sam’s memories of The Cage – that was the only intersection. Do all memories of Hell rate an intersection? Did that mean going straight, or to the left – one or the other – would get me to my memories of Purgatory, and Benny? It would be good to see Benny again. Though not necessarily to have to go back to Purgatory to do it. I realized that my own subconscious couldn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know, but it could reveal things that I’d hidden from myself, things I’d forgotten or repressed. That’s when I thought that I better write out as much detail as possible – what I did, what I saw, what Alastair said, and then go back through it, and try to figure out what my dream was trying to tell me to remember, figuring that if I remembered enough, maybe I wouldn’t have to go through any more of it.’
? You couldn’t have stopped them from being tortured, could you?”
“Well… I didn’t think so, at the time. But after… well, I write about it. I had a dream, Mia. I was back in Hell. And that’s what I wondered, at the time. Whether - even though I enjoyed what Cas and I did - whether it had triggered my subconscious to remember those other experiences, that I
Mia nodded. “I assume you wrote about that.”
“How are you feeling, Dean?”
“Wow, it really was homework, you’re grading my work and making corrections,” Dean joked.
“Damn straight, Dr. Jones. Now, get your shit together, and get your fine ass to work. You’ve got omegas to help heal.”
Very soft, and definitely coming from….
person would have shrugged it off immediately.
(See the end of the chapter for
. You had the
Mia nodded. “Okay. So, who’s left to write to, Dean?”
“You’re aware that you’re an alcoholic, yes?”
“Okay, then. Back to the book?”
Mia smiled, and kept reading, and frowned. “Oh, dear. Sunday morning.”
“No.”
“I agree, Dean, that writing to Alastair would be counter-productive.
“It started out, I was on the rack. Kind of strapped down to a full-length easel, stood up at about a forty-five degree angle, so half-standing, half-lying back. Ankles strapped apart, with legs spread; wrists strapped in by my waist, unless Alastair wanted them up, and then they might be straight out, or straight up above my head, but always strapped tight to the rack itself, not to each other, and not like to the back of my neck, or anything like that. And in the beginning, it was almost always cutting. Alastair likes knives and scalpels. He gets into these weird contests with himself, where he likes to shave bits of people off, and see how long he can make them hurt without making them bleed, things like that. Sometimes, he’d let other demons have at me, and they might want to beat me up, or use a hacksaw, or just pull my limbs off with their bare hands. Or a succubi would come along and seduce me, and it would start out feeling good, and you get to thinking it’s kind of nice, because it’s pleasurable, but they always take it too far, and you’re too sensitive, and they won’t stop, they don’t stop, and it turns over into pain, and you’re screaming like a banshee, and they still won’t stop. Violent rape, too. You wouldn’t think it would feel like much for a smoke demon to enter you, but somehow, it’s worse. You can feel them absolutely everywhere, no flesh at all, just pressure on every possible contact point, to the point of pain, like it’s twenty times bigger than largest person you could ever imagine going in you… if you ever imagined that. They’d bind my hands and collar me with a metal collar and a leash, and then make me dance on an electrically charged plate, until my neck got a black ring around it from the current passing through the collar. They’d put me in the dark, and do nothing else, just sensory deprivation, no sound, no light, until I’d have done anything just to be able to see or hear something again. They’d waterboard me. The list of different things they’d do, well….  It just goes on and on.” Dean blushed slightly, but kept talking, doggedly.
“Yeah. We just needed to talk it through, I think. He’s used to being, for lack of a better term, a ‘superior being,’ and he gets lost in his planning and organizing, and doesn’t listen. But when I called him on it, he
“Yes. So, I take it that what I said helped you?”
Mia grinned. “I bet you do.”
“She has to...what?” Nurse Blanchett was very confused.
“And then you write about an apology that Cas made to you. Tell me about that, Dean.”
why. You just need the tools to change and do something different.
Dean opened his eyes and looked at Cas – really looked, and saw the sadness, the weariness, writ large. “No, you’re right. I’ve done a lot of damage to you, Cas. Saying ‘I’m sorry’ isn’t enough. If you came home now, I’d just fall back into the same old patterns, and keep hurting you. I don’t want to hurt you, Cas. I never wanted that.”
“When was your last drink, before tonight?”
. It’s a twisty kind of logic. Of course, he was setting me up to fail, so it didn’t work out, but he’s a demon; demons lie.”
, exactly; he tethered his spirit to his silver flask, which he knew I loved and would keep. Of all of Bobby’s belongings, that flask was the one thing I might’ve wanted to actually carry on me, y’know? Not just for convenient alcohol, but because it reminded me of him, and holding it brought him to mind. If I set it on the motel desk, and then glanced at it, I could pretend that he was just in the other room, or had run out for something quick, and he’d be right back. It helped, when I missed him so damn much I could barely breathe. And while I know Sam missed him, too, Sam has always kind of been the more independent of the two of us. He went to Stanford on his own; even after Dad told him that if he walked out he should never try to come back, he still went, knowing what it would mean, knowing it would cut him off from basically all the family he had. So when Dad died, Sam mourned him, a little, but you could tell, looking at him, that Sam would be okay. Same when Bobby died. You could just tell, that Sam was hurting, sure, but he’d be all right. Whereas, I was kind of a mess. It really helped me to be able to pretend. But then, when we found out he was really there, or at least, his spirit was…. Yeah, that messed with me a little bit. I didn’t want to believe it.”
“Yeah. I really don’t even know all that much about him, even.”
with your father, for putting so much responsibility on you and leaving you alone to deal with such tremendous pressure at such a young age?”
Mia opened the notebook and read through each entry, then went back and with a red pen started making notations.
to change, Dean. You have to want it so badly that the comforting feeling that alcohol gives you isn’t worth it. You have to want it so badly that you make making therapy work for you
“It was Professor Plum, in the conservatory, with the lead pipe!” Dean said, winning the third game.
Dean nodded, and concentrated again. Cas watched the light’s brightness diminish until it was contained by Dean’s skin, even to angel sight. “Okay. That’s good.”
Dean looked up. “Of course I do! I was
The younger kids nodded, and Sam’s nod was a little slower. Sam winked at Cas, indicating that he’d figured it out, that they maybe weren’t safe, and that Cas didn’t want the younger kids to know. Fortunately, all the children were wearing simple winter clothes. The clothes were of good quality, of course, but nothing that would scream “royal” to anyone who didn’t know that what they were all wearing what was, essentially,
, but really…he was a
kind of way, just as in a healthy relationship, partnership way, correct?”
“Well, you write here that Sam told you, ‘You were supposed to just be his perfect little soldier. He didn’t pull that kind of crap with me nearly as much, and I fought back against it a lot more than you did, and I still have trouble talking about my feelings. It has to be at least one hundred times worse for you. You’re not imagining that, Dean.’ That sounds like he’s forgiving you. So, have you forgiven yourself, Dean?”
“We’ve talked before about your time in Hell, but we haven’t gone very in-depth about the types of torture you endured; I didn’t really want to know, didn’t think I needed to know, and I didn’t want to bring up what obviously had to be a painful – in more ways than one – experience for you, so I never asked. And you never mentioned. So now I have to ask, Dean. Did Alastair rape you in Hell? Did you become his sex slave? Is what he said in the dream true?” Cas asked. “Let me be clear, my heart – I’m not asking out of prurient interest, nor because it will in any way change how I feel about you; no matter what you tell me, Dean, I love you, always. But if your subconscious is trying to tell you something, I need to know if what it’s saying is really true, and relevant.”
you want it. I can point out that alcohol is killing you. I can clear it out of your system and help you realize the latest idiotic thing you’ve done under its influence. But I can’t make you
be painful?”
“Whoa. Your brother is dating the Archangel Gabriel?”
– he couldn’t say ‘spaghetti’ right then – and that frustrated me, because he’d asked me to make them, so I said,
Mia nodded again. “Got it. And Becky?”
“But? But what, Dean? Those souls were going to be tortured, with you present, without you present, with you taking part or no. They are irrelevant to your blameworthiness, Dean. And I bet Castiel would say the same. Wouldn’t he?” Mia pressed her advantage.
, Dean and Castiel,” she said to the two eldest, to whom she had taught French until they were as fluent as she was herself. And then the children were seated, and a loud whistle blew, somewhere, and a bell clanged loudly, and a huge hiss of steam erupted from the engine, and then a quiet click-click-click noise started to rumble beneath them, getting louder and faster as the wheels began to turn, and the train began to move, and suddenly the train had left the station, and they were moving so much faster than the curricles had traveled over the roads, even as empty as they’d been today, three or even four times as fast, the edge of the city appearing and vanishing as if in an instant.
“Dean, if you hadn’t noticed, you’ve been here for
Mia laughed. “Only a little?”
“I’m going to sleep, now. You should soon, once Cas is done with you. Good night, D.”
us that. If she had, Mia, I swear, I would have tried to help her.  But I didn’t know, and I didn’t try to help; in fact, I made things
Dean handed her his journal, then sat down on the couch.
Mia nodded. “Tell me about Amelia and Jimmy, Dean.”
worry for Sam, Dean. That’s part of being a parent, no matter how old your child gets. And Sam
“Dean…wow. Um. Wow. Okay. When I said yesterday that I remembered Dad hitting you, I meant like a cuff on the back of the head kind of thing, or during training, teaching you how to fight. Not an abusive, backhanding you or beating you, kind of thing. No. Not even drunk. I mean, I guess it
Cas and Dean get Sam upstairs and into bed. They hatch a plot for the brothers to go home to Kansas to see their mother buried in secret, then to continue on to Elyseum by dint of sneaking out of the palace so John can't prevent them from leaving again. Benny is enlisted to buy the separate train tickets they need, and Cas provides the cash from his own savings. Benny and Cas gone, Dean and Sam chat.
, and when she didn’t specify further, Lucifer chose ‘the Cage,’ but meant the one
“I poured Sammy a glass of milk and set it on the table, and he asked
“Me. There was no one else.” Dean shrugged.
“Well, it’s really better called the Mark of Darkness. Originally, it was a birthmark on Amara’s shoulder. When God locked her away, he tore that section of skin off and fused the birthmark onto Lucifer’s arm, and that was the key to her holding cell. It turned Lucifer dark, corrupted him. Then Lucifer passed that mark to Cain, but couldn’t remove it from himself. When Cain died, he was immediately reborn as a demon, and Lucifer make him a Knight of Hell. Eventually, Cain passed the mark to me. I resisted for awhile, but gave in, and died, and was reborn as a demon. Sam cured me with consecrated blood, but I still bore the mark. So, we had Rowena, a witch friend of ours, cast a spell to remove it. And in so doing, we freed Amara from her prison.”
“Excellent, Dean. That’s real progress. I’m so proud of you.”
“Because, Dean, I can tell when you’re making an effort, on something’s that’s really important. I’m not about to make fun of you about something that I know is really sensitive. Other things, yes. But not about
“May I ask, Dean, why you chose your four-year-old self to write to first?”
“Oh, so it
“Yeah. And that reminds me, Sam. I owe you an apology, have for a long time.”
come back. But Sam told me that you are in therapy, and that it seems to be helping, and I, well, I’m talking with someone, too, and thinking about things.” Cas glanced over at the bed where Sam was sleeping. “Might be a good idea for
“Oh? That’s new, isn’t it?”
“Well, that’s kind of twisting my words, Mia.”
“No. Not after what you told me about the things John used to do, and not after this nonsense about not having a state funeral for your mother, and not letting you boys come home. If this ‘Uncle Bobby’ was kind to you, then no, it’s not horrible to think good things of him, at all. In fact, I wish I could meet him.” Cas smiled softly at his best friend.
to be written to,
Cas smiled softly. It felt good to provide for his omega; it made his own alpha proud to see Dean eating with enthusiasm - and without waiting for any sort of permission. The days when Dean had been so broken were far behind them now. Cas couldn’t be more proud of Dean’s progress.
. It’s good to know that you don’t hate me. It’s good to know that
under duress, Dean. Your choices were illusory, at best. But you know the best way to tell that you were blameless in the torture that you engaged in when in Hell? The breaking of the First Seal. The requirement for the Seal to break was that a
“I think it started with the shtriga attack. I think I was…maybe ten years old, so Sammy was six. Dad left us alone, again, told me not to set foot outside the motel room. I put Sam to bed, and he was asleep, and I was bored. The motel had a little arcade room, so I went to play a game. When I got back, there was this…thing, attacking Sammy. I-I tried to stop it, but I wasn’t getting anywhere, and at the last minute, Dad came in and shot it. He gathered Sam to his chest in a hug, and then turned to me. He yelled at me, wanted to know how I could let it happen. I said that I’d just wanted some
“And saying you ‘need to go the opposite way’?”
, you believe that he means it. But
“So, now let me ask you, Cas. Do
"I want to give you some homework, Dean. I want you to start a journal. I want you to write it from the standpoint of that ten-year-old Dean, who just needed some air and some free time. Write about what happened, and how you felt about it. Each night, for a week, write about that one incident, without looking back at the prior entries. And then bring that with you when you come back next week. Can you do that?”
“But Sam and Claire said that you didn’t leave because I pushed you away. They were trying to make me feel better, but it made it
. So…
“No. Cas got pissed about
start?
“Are you sending this letter, Dean?”
Dean grinned. “Keep reading. No spoilers.”
“Fair enough. But then you say here that not having allowed Cas to drive your car before this is just ‘one more reason to feel guilty.’ After what we’ve talked about today, Dean, is that still how you feel about that?”
“I’m angry, Mia. All the time. At everyone and everything. I take it out on everyone around me. I push people away, and at this point, really, the only person left is Sam. I’m tired of it. I don’t want this anger anymore.”
“Gad, can I ask... why didn’t you tell us your full qualifications when you applied to work here? There’s no shame in having advanced degrees, but all you ever told us about was your PT license.”
. I started the Apocalypse, because a demon acted tenderly toward me
Gad just grinned. “He is. Very. In fact, I’d say extremely,” he told Dean. Dean hooted with laughter. Cas blushed darker, and steered Dean toward the hallway.
“Another one of Jody’s foster daughters. We saved Alex from a nest of vampires. The head of the nest had kept her human, but was using her as bait to lure humans in. She was pretty messed up when we found her. Now she’s a pediatric nurse at the hospital in Sioux Falls.”
she was doing?”
“I know it is.”
“Kinda goes along with what we were talking about before, how my relationship with Cas is a healthy one, a good one.”
listen, and he got over himself, and apologized, and actually thought about what I was suggesting, and agreed to try my suggestion out.”
Dean nodded. “It really does help me to put it on paper.”
“Wow, Dean, when you resolve things with someone, you don’t screw around, do you? You jumped straight to being in love?”
all grown up, now, Claire. You’re
anymore.”
“I can’t retrain my mind to accept that I’m fully human, not merely a piece of property, but an actual person, with the
“Little bit, yeah.” Dean looked sheepish.
She let out a tiny laugh. “Really? You’d scream with me? You wouldn’t shush me, and tell me others are trying to sleep, so I have to be quiet?”
“Ah hah. And where is your mother now?”
"And then he told me to
Mia made a note. “Dean, what’s your
"It doesn’t need to all get done
met with her, then, to ask her, nicely, to get them back out… and do
“Actually, it’s two different versions of Michael. The first one was the Michael from this universe; he fell into the Cage with Sam and Lucifer, wearing our half-brother Adam’s body. He was in there until fairly recently; he got out when God killed Jack and then opened a rift in Hell, trying to kill us. And then, apparently, he was walking across the street, and got hit by a car, and Amara gave him the choice, and he ended up in Sam’s head. That’s Michael #1. Michael #2 was from what we call ‘Apocalypse World’ - it’s an alternate universe where Sam and I were never born, so we weren’t around to stop the Apocalypse from happening, and in that world, Michael won, but decimated the planet. He came over to this world, and, a bunch of stuff happened, and he ended up in my head, then he switched into Rowena’s head, and then Jack forced him out, and killed him. That’s Michael #2; he’s dead, and now just gone.”
. To say just that ‘I consider us friends’ would be to unfairly discount what I feel for you. You’ve
“I still don’t, not fully. But when Jody offered that beer, and I could see the condensation on the bottle she was drinking from…the thirst was overwhelming, and even though I would have been fine – better off – with water, I just crumpled like the Daniels’ car. Couldn’t think of saying no. So, I’m sorry that I didn’t –
the rest of it. Which is why I wrote the letters in the first place. Should I rewrite it?”
“All right, Dean. I’ll get started. When the waitress comes over, just order me a cup of coffee, will you?”
He felt like the water.
“Hello, Dean. Feel free to use the restroom, if you need it.”
“Let’s have that be your homework this week, Dean. I want you to think about that aspect of your relationship with your father. Think about it on your own, first, and then talk with Sam, and have him tell you what he remembers. It may not be as much, or as clear, since he was younger, but see what he says. You can journal about it, or not, as you choose.
Mia nodded, then sat up straight and opened her eyes. “Okay. Point taken, Dean. You write here that Billie ‘had a message for Sam – “You need to take the position you were born to take, and Dean needs to go the opposite way. You can both do it, and you’ll have my support” – and one for you – “your books have changed again, and you’re back to multiple options, none of them immediate.” And you indicate that you sort of know what some of that means. Why don’t you take me through that, Dean.”
“And you’re okay with this, Dean?” Mia looked startled, and Dean didn’t blame her.
“Pam. Look. Even when I was an Alpha-dog, I knew that I had it easy. Easier than most of the rest of my platoon, even. My bunkmate trained as a medic, too; he was sent overseas as a combat medic before our first tour was up. He never came home. He died in Iraq, shot by a sniper while he worked on a guy whose jeep had been blown up by an IED. Why didn’t I? Because I was sooo clever; I put off training as a second-round medic until after I had done a round of martial arts training, figuring once I got out, I could maybe teach it, use it as a way to keep my Alpha aggression in check. But I was apparently really good at it, better than I had ever guessed I would be, and they had me do a demo for a bunch of top brass-type folks in DC. They re-upped the Alpha-dog program, and gave my base funding to expand martial arts training. I got to help design the program, and was one of the instructors, and so I put off my second round of medic training until my second tour. And as a result, I couldn’t be sent off to war as a combat medic - I didn’t qualify to get killed. I just qualified to run my own program.”
“No, he didn’t, Dean. You’re absolutely right. Let it out, Dean. Let it out, and let it go.” Mia moved to sit next to Dean, and put a comforting hand on his shoulder. Dean turned into her, and bawled like a baby, and Mia let him.
“Oh, that bitch. Sorry, but she was. She was a demon. She worked directly for Lilith, but no one but her and Lilith knew that; everyone else thought she worked for Azazel. Sam thought that she had been working for Azazel, but that she’d had second thoughts about bringing about the Apocalypse, and wanted to help him stop it. In fact, she was trying to get him to bring it on. It turned out that killing Lilith was the final seal that had to be broken to free Lucifer. Lilith wanted her master freed, and was willing to die to achieve it. So, she sent Ruby to get her hooks into Sam and manipulate Sam into being strong enough and willing to kill Lilith. And it worked. Azazel had fed demon blood to Sam as a baby, just a taste, to awaken his otherwise dormant psychic powers. Ruby fed him demon blood by opening her vein and giving it to him to suck, while she fucked him to make the taste more palatable. She fed it to him by the gallon, and trained him to use his psychic power to kill demons to take it from. He first learned to exorcise them with his mind, then kill them and send them to The Empty with his mind. He killed Lilith. Then Ruby told him the truth, as the floor was cracking open to release Lucifer from The Cage. Sam tried to kill Ruby, but he had used up all his power on Lilith. So he held her still, and I killed Ruby with her own demon-killing knife.”
Claire caught him, and he pulled her into a hug, laughing a little.
to be a vicious torturer. I
“Oh, right. You didn’t have Jimmy as your vessel yet. Yeah, I remember.”
“Do you? Have you written in your journal at all today?”
“You write here that you hurt Claire when she offered a gift. Tell me about that, Dean.”
Dean looked bashful at the praise. “Thanks,” he said, quietly.
Please comment!  ;)
“A little, yeah, but I caught myself, and didn’t spiral.”
“Ah, and then you took Cas shopping, finally. I remember that you’d been wanting to do that.”
“Honestly, I don’t remember a time when I didn’t.”
at how much easier I’ve had it than all of you! It isn’t right, and I don’t want to push it in your faces by announcing my degrees, all of which I got via the military, on the Army’s dime. I just… I can’t do that.”
. You didn’t spiral due to the one single thing you were most concerned about when you first came to see me – your anger issues. You spiraled because you were afraid of pushing away the best thing that’s ever happened to you –
“In your journal entry, you pose a question to me about your homework. I think what you’ve been doing is helping tremendously. It helps me to get a feel for who you are, and who the important people in your life are, and how you feel about them. You write about your progress and your setbacks, both, with remarkable clarity and insight, Dean. You understand your own motivations and most of the time, I think just writing it down helps you to figure it out. Do you agree?”
“N-no. Cas, I-I wasn’t thinking like that. I wasn’t thinking
“Exactly. Let’s say you had a problem with your gall bladder, requiring elective surgery. You go to the surgeon, and he tells you that it’s a very safe procedure. Now, there are some risks, but he doesn’t inform you of them. You have the surgery, and there’s a problem - one of the risks he failed to discuss with you actually happens, and you get sick from it. You eventually recover, but you have, say, lost wages and pain during the time you’re ill. Because he failed to inform you of the risk, he is liable for those damages, legally speaking. You can’t be held responsible for them. Same goes, here. You weren’t informed by anyone, prior to deciding to agree to Alastair’s offer, that you putting souls on the rack and spilling blood would have the consequence of breaking the First Seal, potentially freeing Lucifer and starting the Apocalypse. You could not possibly have known that might happen. It was a consequence you did not anticipate, and were not warned about, and therefore you did not factor it into your decision. Had you known, you would have made a different decision, even after thirty years’ of Hell’s worst torture. You just said that. Congratulations, Dean. You’re not to blame.”
“When you were on the demon blood. Instead of weaning you off, like Bobby suggested, I insisted on making you go cold turkey; locked you in the panic room with your hallucinations, and left you here with Bobby to stand guard. It was a shit thing to do, and it could have killed you. And I didn’t get it, Sam. I didn’t get what that was like for you.
Castiel laughed. “Maybe someday, too much to do right now.”
“You say here that you hurt Cas on purpose, because if you push him away, ‘at least when he leaves, it’s not because he wants to go, it’s because you made him go.’ Are you big on self-fulfilling prophecies, Winchester?”
Dean huffed out a laugh. “Lucifer and Michael both died. At the instant of their death, she concealed both of them from the reapers that would have taken them on to the Empty - where angels and demons go when they die - and gave them both a choice. They could go to the Empty if they wanted to, but they could also choose to go to the Cage, which she would modify so that it was just a regular holding cell. Now, what you have to understand, and this is complicated, is that the Cage, the way it was created, it’s not just a place, okay? It’s interdimensional, so that it’s at once both in a fixed location in Hell, and also in the mind of whoever inhabits it, at the same time. And each time another prisoner enters it, a new Cage gets created, in their own mind. So, when Sam went to Hell, and fell, with Lucifer and Michael, into the Cage, a Cage was created in Sam’s mind - and when Castiel rescued Sam’s body, and Death went back later and rescued Sam’s soul, the lock on the Cage in Sam’s mind was basically obliterated. But the Cage in Hell remained intact. Now, Lucifer
“Yeah, we know. We actually had a case where someone hadn’t been able to dream for decades, and it had made the poor guy kinda crazy.”
“Okay, then. I honestly wasn’t trying to frighten you, Dean, but you need to consider that everything you think you know about your life before you went to Hell may be wrong, so any biases or beliefs you have that seem to stem from that time, should be examined. Particularly if, as with your sexual identity, it’s something that may have changed, or been repressed before.”
“Yeah. That’s the hard part.” Dean smiled back.
“Okay.”
“I have prescribed primal scream therapy for this patient. It’s very important for her development and well-being. She has to learn how to scream properly, so as not to hurt her throat. So, we were just working on that, when you came in.” Gad smiled at the confused nurse, inwardly thinking
You can give yourself permission to feel that anger, let it out.
to say ‘yes’ to Michael. Sam said ‘yes’ to Lucifer, then managed to get control of his own body again, and used that control to lock Lucifer away in the Cage again –
“Hello, Dean. Come in, please,” Mia Vallens stepped back to allow Dean to enter her office. He stepped in, and she closed the door, then gestured with her hand. “Please, have a seat.”
Dean nodded.
“I was little. Four. Sam was just a baby. Dad had been on a trip for work, and I remember…he came home early. Mom and I were up in Sammy’s nursery, and he came in and surprised us. I remember he picked me up and gave me a hug, and laughed, and he asked if I thought Sammy was ready to play catch with us yet, and I shook my head and said, ‘No, Daddy!’ and he laughed again. And I think that might have been the last time I ever heard my father laugh.”
to go. I left because you were so angry, and I felt that you were being unfair. I felt I needed to stand up for myself, and I also needed clarity. I needed to think about whether killing Belphegor and leaving Jack’s body behind in Hell was, in fact, the only way I could have handled that situation. You said I should have found another way, and I needed to think about whether there maybe could have been another way to go. And after Mary’s death, and Jack’s, I… I didn’t cause them, but I did feel guilty, and I knew that you blamed me, and I felt you were right. I didn’t think you wanted me around anymore, and I couldn’t
“And then he thought I might be just a meat suit for a demon pretending to be me, rather than really just me. So he threw some holy water in my face. Which, of course, had no effect, other than to leave me dripping, and a little angsty.”
Sam blinked.
“Ah. Good. And you are making that effort now?”
“Probably. But so far as I know, he’s never used them to kill a person. In fact, the whole reason Ruby was able to manipulate him into trying to use his powers at all was that he thought that he could save people. See, we have a demon blade, which he actually also got from Ruby, which sends a demon back to Hell like an exorcism, but while it almost always works, it also kills the poor guy the demon chose to possess. Sam’s powers, though, essentially yank the demon out of the vessel and control the demon so it can’t just smoke out and escape - it has to go back to Hell. Eventually, Sam got strong enough that he could kill the demons with his mind and send them, not to Hell, but to the Empty. He killed Alastair that way, and Lillith, too. Sometimes the vessel’s real inhabitant was already dead when he yanked the demon out of them, but sometimes, he could save them by using his powers. So, Sam probably
“You don’t do that look nearly as well as Sam, D. And no, it’s getting late. I need to go to bed.” Claire smiled fondly at him, then carried her mug to the sink.
year, and then the hellhound came for me. I was tortured by a demon named Alastair for thirty of the forty years I was in Hell; then I became a torturer myself for the last ten years. And then I was rescued from the Pit by an Angel of the Lord, named Castiel.”
“Such as?”
should give it to him. You’re a little down on yourself in it, but the majority of it is so positive and uplifting. I don’t think it will hurt Sam to read any of this, and I think he’d be happy to know that you’re so proud of him, and that you love him.”
to. He’s important, but I don’t want to give him any more power over me by acknowledging that, y’know?”
any easier, to me, Mia.”
“No, Dean.”
“You were just… what, Dean?”
“Did he hit Sam, too?”
“And then you’ve got kind of an extended metaphor about the crumbs of affection that John occasionally gave you, versus the ‘whole loaf’ that you have in your relationship with Cas, now. It’s a good metaphor, Dean.”
“Not real well. But I told you, Cas and I resolved some things. Keep reading.” Dean smiled a little, private smile.
Gadreel woke early on Wednesday morning and went for a run. He hadn’t thought of Andrews calling him ‘son’ like that in years, and couldn’t imagine what had brought it up in his subconscious the night before. On the way back, he stopped at the diner on the first floor of his building, where Mrs. Rose, the owner, kept onion bagels, cream cheese, and lox, just for him, and got that, along with a large cup of her excellent coffee. He leaned over the register to kiss her cheek, and winked at her. He had treated her daughter, who had lost a leg to an IED in Iraq, while he’d still been working at a military hospital here in Seattle a few years back, and she was still grateful.
And then he just went back to hugging Sammy, and ignoring me.
time?”
real, to you. You have to look at your decisions then in the state of mind you were in, then, or they don’t make sense. And with those memories in place, your decisions make perfect sense. But, looking back on it now, with what you
“Yeah. Lisa was an old girlfriend. Ben was her son. I thought he might have been mine, but she denied it. After Sam fell into the Cage, Cas rescued his body almost immediately, but no one told me. And Sam had asked me to quit hunting, to go and be with Lisa and Ben. So I tried. But I was always looking for danger, watching around corners. And I acted like a prison guard, and I made them miserable. And then Sam came and found me, and I went right back to hunting, just up and deserted them. But I kept coming back, and every time I did, it just made them unhappy. Lisa ended up in the hospital because of a demon attack, and I just couldn’t do it anymore. I knew they’d never be safe if I was in their lives. So Cas removed me from their memories, and I told them that they had been in a car crash, and I, the guy who hit them, just wanted to apologize. And then I walked away, and never saw them again.”
“Gad, you’re not in trouble. And if you don’t want us to list your degrees, we won’t - but you could have told us, at any time, and I’m just a little confused as to why you hadn’t. You don’t have to tell me, I’d never force you. I’m just… curious. But if there’s some trauma there, I’ll just let it go, promise.”
“Alastair says you want pain, Dean. Is he right? Are you a masochist?” Mia asked.
“Yeah, and it was a mess, but we finally worked it out and got him some  solid good new things to wear. And while he was trying on clothes, I went and got the rings. I’d made dinner reservations, and booked us a room in a nice B&B, and it was really lovely, if I do say so myself, as a setting for a proposal.” Dean smiled softly, but looked a little proud, too.
“Dean, stop. You’re like my big brother. This is…wrong.” She pushed him back, a little harder. A tear slid down her cheek.
these emotions away. I’m gonna scare off every omega who comes within twenty feet of me.”
“How long were you there?”
“I know, Dean. It’s fine, it’s very common, truly. So, ready to find out the truth? Lay back on the couch and get comfortable.
Dean huffed out a laugh. “I guess I should, huh?”
Cas wiped tears of laughter from his eyes. “Felt good.”
“Okay, and then you have a letter to… Cain. Which, from things you’ve said, I assume is actually
“Heh. Yeah. No, really, it’s fine. He may even be back by the time I’m done here.”
that - he knew that Sam had escaped, and knew that had to be
“Before we get started with the journal, Dean, how are you feeling today?”
by being the Righteous Man who shed blood in Hell. So, if you weren’t around to do that, because you were never born in that world, how did the Apocalypse start in the first place? Doesn’t that mean that it would have started with you or without you? And isn’t that further proof that you, yourself, are blameless?”
books? I love them.” Mia grinned.
“Wow, Sam, that’s it? No needling? No ‘ewww’?”
with him won’t change that. But having a confrontation over it,
“Yeah.” Dean grinned.
Mia nodded. “I might be able to give the two of you together some pointers for how to deal with one another in your relationship, but you actually seem to be handling that yourselves very well.”
“Jimmy Novak. That’s the man whose body Cas uses now.”
, I guess, with many of the rest of the celestial family. But Gabe and Cas, they clicked. And Lucifer and Cas, too. Cas was Lucifer’s vessel, for awhile. So, yeah, it felt like a really big deal when Gabe said that to me.”
“You did?”
Supernatural
“This tradition of the egg seems odd. What if the egg “leads me” to someone unsuitable, someone unstable, someone who doesn’t love me? It sounds a little dangerous, even. I could end up with anyone!”
“Call the palace from the station? Call collect? Is there someone you could call who would come and get you without telling your father right away?” Cas whispered back.
“So, now we know how it all happened. And it happened a good deal differently from the way you related it to me last week, and fairly close to the way your last journal entry described it.
“But I wanted him to eat the pasta, because it was already made, and I didn’t want it going to waste. So I told him,
“He’s right.” Sam finished his sandwich, and slumped back in his chair.
my son, I know he is.”
“I told her that I didn’t deserve the money. She got mad. She pointed out that I drove her to Jody’s in the middle of the night; that I taught her how to shoot and gave her her first gun and lore book, but tried to talk her out of hunting; that I’d convinced her to give Jody a chance; that I’d killed a vampire trying to kill her and cured her of being a werewolf; that without me, she’d be on the streets of dead, and she owed me her life and her family, and then she said that the money was peanuts in comparison, and that if I was saying that giving her a family and her life wasn’t worth anything then I should fuck myself very much. She knocked me over; I was on the phone with her, and when she ended the call, I was on my knees on the ground. She was vicious. She was mean. And I deserved it.”
“No, I don’t have active memories of dreams of Alastair like this one, other than the one we’ve already talked about, this one, and the one that happened the next night, which is coming up - beyond those three, no. I have no memory of dreams of Alastair.
“No, no worries, Sammy. Here,” Dean pulled Sam close and whispered something in his ear. Sam guffawed. “There, go tell that joke to Alfie.”
The littler kids came over, and Cas gently asked them to sit down. “We’re going to play a game, okay? It’s called ‘let’s pretend,’ and we’re all going to pretend very hard that we are not royal, that we’re all just like Benny. Just ordinary folks. And we’re all brothers and a sister, going to visit family, but no matter who asks, we don’t mention who the family is, nor where they live. Got it?”
Dean nodded, wide-eyed.
“Yeah. I get it, Cas.”
“Cas, at the bunker, that night, when you told me you were done, I was expecting it. I’ve been waiting for you to leave, for you to just finally be done with me,
. Chuck leaves out a lot of details, and he doesn’t always understand your motivations, or Sam’s. I don’t use the books to analyze you, Dean. I use what you tell me, and what you write, not what Chuck wrote. So, Becky?”
Sam really cured me of being a demon? Because I honestly felt like that, again, tonight.” Dean’s fear and shame at the thought of what he’d done and what he might still be, were apparent.
man had to spill blood in Hell. The definition of righteous is “morally right or justifiable; virtuous.” Thus, by definition, you cannot have been both righteous and blameworthy at the same time, Dean. Yes, its breaking was bad for the world and it allowed the start of the Apocalypse – but if you hadn’t been righteous when you spilled blood in Hell, the Seal would never have broken. The Seal did break. Ergo, you were not guilty. Your actions were virtuous.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded, watching Cas’ face. “I trust you, Cas. Just… as soon as you know something solid, all right?”
Mia handed Dean the box of tissues, and he mopped up his face, and blew his nose. Mia kept reading.
a cup of coffee, thanks.”
“All right, Dean. Have a good week, then. See you Tuesday.” Mia walked him to the door and gave a little wave as he drove off in the Impala.
Mia returned to the letter. “Oh. Oh, Dean. You write here that Sonny invited you to stay permanently, telling you he’d fight for you, fight John for you, because he believed in you. And then John showed up, just as you were getting ready to take your girl to the dance, and, of course, John insisted you leave with him, instead - and you saw Sam sitting in the backseat of John’s car, and you didn’t know where he’d been, if he’d eaten, if he was okay, and you realized that if you didn’t go with them, right then, John wouldn’t come back, and you’d never know, so you lied to Sonny for the first time, telling him you wanted to go. Oh, Dean. I’m so sorry.”
“When Sammy and I met her, she was twenty-two, and she only had about nine months left, and she was desperately looking for a way to get out of her contract, to escape the Hellhound she knew would be coming for her. But she didn’t
“We’re nowhere near a station, Cas. Why are we stopping?” Dean looked out the window, startled.
“Perhaps I should read what you wrote, then. Is that all right, Dean?”
, how could you
. A lot. At both of us, but more me than Sam. He favored Sammy. I was his little soldier, someone to give orders who had to fulfill them. Sammy was the golden child,” Dean stated. It was just a fact, not said with bitterness.
I dumped the pasta into a bowl for him, and said,
“Not necessary, Dean. Go on.” Mia smiled a bit at Dean’s sudden recollection of her shapeshifter nature.
Dean scrubbed his hand through his hair, and down over his face. “Mia, why do you make me tell you things when you’ve read about them already?”
“Hello, Dean. Come in, please,” Mia Vallens stepped back to allow Dean to enter her office again.
you over 120 times? What’s that all about? I thought Gabriel
so I ducked down, and he shot the shtriga three or four times, and it jumped out the bedroom window, shattering the glass.
“Well, Nurse Blanchett, your incompetence doesn’t lessen the importance of our work here. Why don’t you get out, so we can continue to work on this phase of Miss Wills’ therapy? Your presence here is certainly unnecessary, and, frankly, unwanted.” Gadreel smiled, but it was really more of a feral baring of teeth, and the uptight beta nurse scrambled backward to get to the door.
, Dean. Write what you feel like writing, as much or as little as you feel helps.”
“I also wanted to suggest that for at least one session, you might want to bring Castiel along with you, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“Okay. So, next thing here is your discussion with Castiel at the diner about your dreams of Alastair. And you say that you won’t go as far in writing about it as you did in speaking about it, but we can get into the specifics of the torture you endured in Hell in session today. Is that something you want to do, or feel a need to do, Dean?”
“Amara is God’s sister. He’s the light, and she’s the darkness. He creates, she destroys. At some point, he locked her away to stop her from destroying his creations. He couldn’t kill her, and it took him and the four Archangels to manage locking her away. I, um… I kinda let her out.”
Gad waved at them, still smiling. He sat down to document his time for the day, and realized that he did feel better. He was helping people, and Pam was right - who cared if his slavery hadn’t involved suffering? It got him where he was now, and that was a good place to be. He
He moved toward the fridge, but Claire got in front of it. “How about some coffee, D?”
“Okay. And then you were talking with Sam, and ‘he was having a mild crisis,’ because Gabe was going off without him to take a slight risk. So he asked you how you dealt with feeling unworthy of Cas, how you’d gotten past it. And you write that you ‘told him that I haven’t. I know I’m not good enough for Castiel, but he loves me, and that makes me want to try to be good enough, and that’s all anyone can really do - try.’ And that’s a very healthy outlook, Dean. Really good.
Dean and Cas looked at each other. Thirty ducats was about the equivalent of a Kansian quarter. It would buy them maybe a single cup of black coffee - sugar and cream would cost extra. “I don’t, Sammy. I was just wondering if you had any Kansian coins on you, for when we get home?”
Sam came over, giggling at a joke Alfie had told him. “Hey, guys, wanna hear a joke? Why do melons have to have a formal marriage ceremony? Because they
“I get it. I see it. Mia, I see it!”
Dean concentrated, and soon he could no longer see the glow. “How’s that, Cas?”
. I needed…oh, man, I just needed to get some
“Well, it did.”
“It’s
“No, it doesn’t. You
“Okay.”
They got up to leave, Cas carrying Dean’s notebook as they walked out to the Impala.
Sam whispered something to Dean, but Dean shushed him quickly. Cas leaned toward Dean, silently asking for Sam’s query. Dean whispered to Castiel, “Sam’s just nervous, no worries.” Cas nodded, and leaned back against the seat to resume looking at the train, the station, and the lack of people.
“Of course, Dean. Should I respond?”
“And Meg?”
“Here you are.” Mia handed him the bottle, and took her own seat, picking the journal back up, and glancing at the most recent entry they’d covered, to remind herself where they’d left off.
“Um…yes.”
be angry with your father, Dean.
“Yeah, that’s the one I actually used. I was so nervous that I might not remember what I’d planned to say that I told Cas that I was going to read it, and if I couldn’t get the words out, if I thrust the piece of paper at him, he might have to finish reading it for me, and he promised that he would if it came to that but in the end, I got it all out. And he said yes.” Dean blushed a bit darker still, but smiled widely, remembering.
At the age of twelve, Castiel had a tight-knit circle of friends. There was Princess Anna and Prince Alfie from the mountainous kingdom of Heaven Above - or Elyseum, as it was known outside its own borders. There was Prince Dean from the open plains country of Kansas, and his younger brother, Sam. No one was sure why both brothers had been sent to foster by Queen Mary, their mother - after all, only Dean would someday rule - but Sam was a sweet child, and no one minded his presence. There was Ruby, who was some sort of Duchess from a country that outside its borders was known as Abyssinia, and Castiel didn’t know what it called itself; Ruby had never said. Ruby was also a little younger than the others, and she and Sam hung out together a lot; she would only rule if her two older, male cousins died before she came of age without having children of their own to take their place, so she wasn’t likely to see the throne. Castiel had gathered that there was some kind of internal strife in Abyssinia that had led Ruby’s parents to ask Queen Naomi if she would take Ruby to foster, along with their eldest child, Crown Prince Lucifer, back when the program had begun three years earlier, and she had agreed. Lucifer was friends with no one, seemingly, preferring his own company. Ruby said he’d been aloof at home, as well. Then there was Benny, who was a child of one of the cooks down in the kitchen, and Bela, whose aunt was one of Naomi’s dressmakers. Bela’s parents had died, and she had come to live at the palace, with her aunt, as a result, just the year before.
, about what you’re going through
“Homework?”
it, and I have to
Cas got Dean into a chair, and touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead briefly.
with you I am right now?”
, from the Bible.”
And then she heard that soft “whoosh” again, and Cas was there.
“Already tol’ ya I was all
I’m angry because you’re
“Then why do you still seem so upset?”
Miss Bradbury signaled to the footman to open the door of Castiel’s curricle. As the ranking royal in the building, Castiel stepped out first, and moved forward to allow Dean, and then Sam, to follow. As Sam stepped down, Miss Bradbury signaled the footman to open the door of the other curricle, and Anna, then Alfie, stepped down gently from the vehicle to the concrete floor next to the train.
“Oh, dear. Don’t let Cas keep Sam’s REM cycle off for too long. He
cutting – they do it
Mia nodded.
“Chuck, what good is a tradition, if our son is forced to be miserable, as you nearly were? No. We cannot take that chance for our little Prince Castiel.” Naomi’s voice was still tender with affection, yet still as firm as steel. The King knew that she was serious.
“For sleep, Dean.” She pushed him back, and he went.
“I might have been … um … kind of…. I was standing close behind her, rubbing her upper arms, when I said it. The first time.” Dean flushed, and he dropped his eyes.
“I know.”
“Correct.” Dean nodded.
Dean sighed. “I see where you’re going with this.”
“And then you tell yourself this: ‘I know you mourn Bobby, but don’t get lost in your grief. You have things to do. You know that he loved you; he knew that you loved him. Let him go. Burn the flask . And when your own time comes, don’t seek a flask of your own. Keep your promise, and move on. But until then, remember that people love you. Let them in. Love them back. Tell them how you feel. I wish that I had told Cas how I felt about him when I was the age you are now…. I didn’t. That’s on me. But I have told him, now. That’s how I know how much better life could have been. Because it’s so much better now. You’ll get here, eventually. Let yourself believe it.’ So, now I need to ask, Dean. Do you? Do you believe it?”
About halfway through the meal, Sam remembered that Dean had asked to talk.
“Sounds great, Cas. Thanks, babe.” Dean leaned in and kissed Cas’ cheek gently, then went to sit down as instructed, still cuddling the kitten and playing with it a little with one finger.
“Yeah. Well, he tried. I suggested that he speak with Joshua, the angel who used to be Heaven’s gardener; God used to talk to him sometimes, and I thought maybe Joshua would know how to recognize whether a particular entity really
. Again.” He took another good-sized nip.
sanity for a time, instead. He’s okay, now, though. I think that should be enough backstory for now, but if you see something else in the journal that doesn’t make sense, I can explain things further.”
“Yeah.”
“And then you have a second draft here, which is a good bit shorter than your first.”
“Okay. Who are Gabe and Jack? I don’t believe you’ve told me about them before.”
Startled, Gad looked at the floor, and mumbled something that sounded like “I dunno. How’d you find out?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, in the barn, I remember.” Dean nodded.
“Yeah, Mia. Okay. Thanks.” Dean left the office and walked slowly out to the Impala. Physically, he felt fine – good, actually – but emotionally, he felt like he’d been hit by a Mack truck.
“Of course, Alastair lied. He was a
“For what?” Sam was mystified.
“No.” Dean almost whispered it.
? I don’t care about that,
“Cas, I’m not the same person I was when I went to Hell.
“Yeah, we found out later that was not a coincidence. Sam had a friend at Stanford, Brady. Brady got possessed by a demon who worked for Azazel, during their sophomore year, and he’s the one who killed Jess and made it look like Mom’s death, on Azazel’s orders. All part of the plan, I guess.”
“So, the next thing here is your letter to yourself at 26-27, about how you came to Stanford to ask Sam to help you find John, and he ended up getting back into hunting because his girl died in a fire suspiciously like the one in which your mother died - right down to the date.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas peeked out of the kitchen, smiling. “You have good timing; I’m just finishing dinner, now.”
He still had trouble believing that Cas had
“At any rate, Dean, this is simply more proof of the goodness of your soul. I didn’t need it, but you did. Trust me, a bad person’s soul wouldn’t light up like this.
Dean noticed a drop of condensation rolling down the neck of the bottle, and licked his lips. He took another drink of water, and discovered that he’d finished the glass.
Mia smiled. “Cas is very smart. And sounds like he’s a rather generous lover, too.”
Yes. Yes, ma’am.”
Dean nodded and got back to his feet. Cas stood as well, and gave him a short hug. Cas vanished.
to go, it’s because I
“Primal… scream… therapy? Dr. Jones, I’m not familiar with that.”
“And then he packed up all our stuff, and we booked it outta there. Dad dropped us off at Pastor Jim’s. We were there a while, I’m not sure how long.”
“Sure.”
“Did he argue?”
“Dean, I didn’t leave because I
“No.”
She grinned at them, and they smiled back. They were a good group of kids, and she was going to miss them fiercely, but she had only just enough money for her own journey back to her own homeland, Moondoor, and she could not waste any in buying a ticket to go with them. Why the queen had failed to provide guards and nannies and tutors for the journey was beyond her. A retinue would have made far more sense than simply sending five children ranging in ages from 10 to 16 out into the world on their own. Still, she knew the children were bright, and Castiel and Dean, the eldest of them at 16, were responsible and loyal to a fault. They’d take care of the younger ones.
“I’ve missed you, too, Dean.”
“No. Sam and I have had fights, but… Wait.”
“No, Dean. That was the first time that I was able to speak
“Not that I’m complaining, but…
Dean whirled around to face Cas. “Cas, I don’t hate you! I could
person wouldn’t feel guilty. A
“Well, it is, and it isn’t. He’s shared his vessel with this particular entity before.”
“The light? Yeah. Um, actually, yeah, I can, Cas. Is that…?”
love me? Care about me? Believe in me?” Dean shrugged, helplessly.
Dean's fifth therapy session concludes.
“Okay, Dean, question for you. You just said that in Apocalypse World, you and Sam were never born, so you weren’t around to stop the Apocalypse from happening, correct?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Mia nodded, and turned the page to Thursday’s journal entry.
He drove to NRR’s campus, getting there even before Meg, who usually stood guard at the entrance to the property. He had to get out and move the rising arm barrier across the driveway manually, drive in, then get out to lower it again. He made a mental note to talk to Balthazar about that; they really ought to have someone there 24 hours a day.
to change anything. And that’s
They continued to scream every few minutes, while Gad also worked her remaining leg so she wouldn’t lose muscle mass. After a half-hour, he told Alicia that he had to go, but he’d be back later in the week. “I’ll just swing by, see how your scream therapy is working out for you.” She laughed again, and waved him out. He left with a smile.
He’d let Dean “surprise” him, so long as he told him that evening. If he didn’t, it meant that Dean, for some reason, was
“Look, you were a
. No one else can do the work for me, and no one else can make me want it. So, no, I
“And yet, Cas doesn’t seem to be concerned.”
Dean relaxed in the booth while Cas focused on the page before him.
“No, I’m being facetious, but serious at the same time. Gad, think about all the people you’ve been able to help. You couldn’t have done that without the training the Army paid for. And you
“It was.”
“Water? Not milk?” Dean asked, curious.
“I don’t think it is, Dean. What part of what I said is untrue?”
“Yes, how is he?”
Please comment! :D
“Jesus, Cas. Even if this works, how am I supposed to get Sam from the station to the Palace in time of war with no cash?” Dean whispered it, worriedly.
Castiel had to agree that his parents did seem happy together. But the tradition just seemed so… random. At the last chime of the clock at midnight on the Heir’s twenty-first birthday, the Heir takes up the fabulous, bejeweled and charmed Faberge egg of the royal family, and lets it lead them to their True Mate, the first person whose eyes they gaze upon fully after the chiming of the clock. Within the day, the Heir and their Mate are married and begin their lives together.
Mida nodded. “Lot to take in, finding out that you had a brother you never knew until after he’d died.”
"And Sammy woke up, and said,
“You’ve read… How many of them have you read?”
Mia raised her hands in surrender. “All right. Next, you write that Cas ‘said he was thinking he’d lay down, too. So, I asked if he was tired - because with an archangel’s power to draw on, as well as his own, he shouldn’t be tired, so if he is, that’s a concern - and he said no, but he’d thought it would be nice to snuggle, and it has been a while since we tried a new ‘one new thing’ - and that freaked me out a bit. I don’t want to be intimate with Cas with Lucifer - or anyone else, either - tagging along, as it were, and I snapped at him.  He asked if something was wrong, and I told him, and we got past it. He agreed that we should wait until Lucifer is no longer sharing his vessel, and he understands why I am uncomfortable. I shouldn’t have snapped, and I owe him an apology for that, but it did lead to communication, eventually. And yeah, that’s because Cas asked - but he wouldn’t have asked, before. It would have just been just another dead issue, lying between us, building a wall. Those walls are down, now, and once he did ask, I was fine with explaining. The snap was instinctual,and I need to work on that, still, but hey, we talked! Progress!’ Well, Dean, that
“That can’t be comfortable. Do you want to run up, get dry, get something warm on, and then come and eat?”
“My love, we have twenty years before we need be concerned. The tradition of the egg doesn’t take effect until the Crown Prince’s twenty-first birthday. He’s only one year old today. Now, I suggest you remember what happened with us and the egg, and not worry. But if you must be concerned, at least put off your angst about it until tomorrow. Tonight is a celebration. Be happy, my darling, with me, and our life, please?” He grinned at her, and she blushed.
, and people are trying to rest, and she has to keep it
knew how Cas felt. Which just made him feel like an even bigger heel, for not earlier having fully realized himself just how much the angel meant to him, and vice versa.
to her?” Cas asked, and suddenly Dean realized – Cas wasn’t so much
, Mia. I never wanted to pull Lisa or Ben into the hunting life. They had a chance to stay clear of it, and I gave that to them. But it meant that I had to walk away. I can’t go back.”
“N-no. He…he hit me. Hell, he
Dean looked up at him, and saw at least three angels, but felt his head clearing.
“And you got around to asking Sam to be Best Man.”
real, or at least, some of them aren’t - would you make that same choice, now, today?”
“Night, Claire.” Claire left the kitchen, and Cas came back in.
"And then Sammy said
“Exactly, Dean. You keep writing in here, over and over, about how it was your choice, but it wasn’t an
Mia nodded. “And then you write here about figuring out that the clocks had stopped, and the information that you and your… well, team, I guess… gathered about that. And then you write here that, ‘This seems like something that really only a god could do, so I’m personally betting that it’s our not-so-friendly friend, Chuck. I could be wrong. He said, through Cas’ friend, Kathy, that he wants to end the fighting, and this would be an odd way to go about it. But of the other entities we know of with the “juice” to do this kind of thing, I can’t think of one that would have a motive to do it. With Chuck? Well, Sam did shoot him.’ Mia pinched the bridge of her nose and closed her eyes. “Well, you did say you all were fighting with God. Sam shot God, Dean?”
that, Claire-Bear.” He moved over and hugged her, and suddenly her back was against the wall.
“Do you think he’s forgiven you for that, Dean?”
“Better.” Mia nodded. “And then it says here that Cas caught the light in your soul on film?”
Mia smiled softly. “Put the blame for Hell behind you, Dean. Stop letting it tear you up. You were never to blame for what Alastair did - to you, or to the other souls that were there. Let it go.” Mia read on in the journal, watching Dean’s face out of the corner of her eye, as he slumped back on the couch, seeming to be a little bit in shock.
noise, which I know now was the fire starting, and I got up and went out in the hallway to see what was going on. Dad came from Sam’s nursery out into the hall, carrying Sammy. He saw me standing there in my pjs, and he handed the baby to me. He told me,
“No, I was thinking therapy with Mia Vallens, Dean. She knows that the things you’d be talking about are real, that monsters exist, because she technically
but he said he’d seen the box and knew that there was. So I said,
“Yeah, okay, yeah, I was angry. I don’t think I even knew it at the time, though.”
, Cas.”
, so far. I want Mia to read them, first, to make sure that I’m not doing more harm than good if I ask people to read them. But if she says it’s okay…would you read it?”
The prospect of undergoing a full physical from Pam wasn’t something the fakers wanted to deal with - too much effort for too little payout - so they usually didn’t bother going to Pam’s office when sent, if they weren’t telling the truth about their symptoms. It was a system that had worked well for them for the past few years.
you? I’m confused.”
“I… oh. Shit,” he said, as it came back to him. The beginnings of panic started in his stomach.
“And you think you should have?” Pam looked astonished.
“Yeah, I think that’s more it.”
“Yeah. The deal was that I could get down off the rack, and end my own torture, if I agreed to torture others. There were a great many seals on the Cage, and sixty-six of them had to be broken to let him out. They weren’t literal seals, they were events that had to happen. Some had to happen in a specific order, and the first was that a righteous man had to spill blood in Hell. I broke the First Seal. I was the righteous man.”
. You could have
(See the end of the chapter for
“You write here that you were a demon?”
“Um.... No. I
get possessed, and the slight differences between how he was in Chicago compared to how he was then were what tipped me off.”
, you were afraid that you couldn’t
“You mention a Gavin. Who’s that?” Mia asked.
“Yes, ma’am. I’ve been trying to forgive Dad, to let it go, as we discussed earlier, before that little break.”
, Dean.” Cas’ voice came from the living room, and Claire snorted a laugh.
“Lisa is an ex-girlfriend. I had a one-night stand with her, a really long time ago. Nine years later, I tried to hook up with her to have another one-nighter, and I literally walked in on her son’s eighth birthday party. Kid’s like a little mini-me. Leather jacket, hard rock, likes classic cars and attractive women. Mia, I swear to you, my jaw was on the floor. I was convinced immediately that he was my kid. But Lisa denied it. Said she’d had testing done and that she’d been attracted to a ‘type’, there was a biker guy and Ben was his kid, not mine. But I’ve never really been convinced; not sure why, exactly.”
“We’ll see, Dean. We’ll see. All right. So. Next week, same day, same time - roughly, unless we’ve got clocks back by then - with Cas, unless you email. And if you want to continue to journal, you can, if you want to keep writing letters, you can do that, too. I saw you had put in one of your entries that there were entities that you now find it odd you somehow forgot to write letters to before, so go ahead, if you want. And did you ever send any of those letters that we talked about possibly sending?”
At four years of age, Prince Castiel was introduced to his first tutor, who would teach him the alphabet, his numbers, how to read and some basic math, along with the history of the kingdom. The “history lessons” were “taught” in the form of telling fantastical stories with some basis in historical fact.
“Dean, the reason I told you to assume for the moment that the false memories were all real, is because when you made the choice to become Alastair’s slave and get down off the rack, those memories
“I never really dated Layla, didn’t know her more’n a few days, really. We weren’t ‘together’ at all, she was just this sweet girl that I met. She had a rare form of brain cancer, incurable. She probably died a few months after I met her. But she had such faith. And what she taught me was that I need someone who has unshakeable beliefs, faith, in goodness, in miracles, if not necessarily in God. The two of them together taught me that I need someone who loves me, trusts me, and  wants only the best for me.”
“It was our third night in this crap room, and I was
“Oh, I am going to miss you all! Now, you just have time to each give me a hug - Cas, Dean, if you’re not too old to give your old tutor a hug? Thank you - and then to step up and find a comfortable seat. Go on, now. Good bye, Anna, Alfie! Good bye, Sam!
“Because Sam was
"And then he admitted that he knew that,
“But then, Dean, you write this to your younger self: ‘remember that a lot of what you think you remember about John right now, at 29, fresh out of Hell, isn’t true, but rather was implanted, false memories, courtesy of Alastair. Try not to judge either John or yourself too harshly.’ That sounds like good advice, Dean. Planning on taking it, are you?”
“I want to do that. I’d like for you to read them, Mia. I already wrote to Sam and to Cas, but they haven’t seen the letters yet. But I asked them, and if you say it’s okay to show them, they said they’d read them.”
and Dad said,
Dean nodded. “I met her mother, Lydia, at a bar. She was gorgeous. Little black dress, black hair, beautiful. She was trolling, and decided she wanted me. So, we went back to her place, and we had a one-night stand. I would have been up for more than that, but it was Lydia who insisted that we were done. I went back a few days later, and she had a child, a three-year-old. She insisted that I leave. I guessed that I had misread the situation, that there must be a relationship I didn’t know about; maybe it was the kid’s father, maybe it was someone else, but she didn’t want me around, so, I left. A few days later, maybe twelve days after the one-night stand with Lydia, I’m in my motel room, Sam’s gone out. This young woman, looked about fifteen, sixteen years old, maybe, comes looking for me, says she’s my daughter, Emma. Says Lydia’s her mom.
had a can of it in the pantry, after all), the bowl had a little water in the bottom.
“Oh, you say here that you find journaling soothing; I’m so glad that you like it, Dean.”
“I can’t see it at all, now. So. I guess you were right about it flaring when I’m thinking positive.”
Gad shook his head. “Not playing fair, Dr. Barnes.”
“Reading the Friday evening entry, you mention ‘the Amy Pond incident’ being related to Emma’s death. Tell me about that, Dean.”
“No, I understand, Dean. But it was something that happened to you, where, once again, someone made you feel like a thing, rather than a person. You were just bait, something to be used. Correct?”
“He what, Dean?”
“Yeah. Sounds good. We might need to block out a session of longer than an hour.” Dean grinned.
“Sweetie, you don’t have to be ashamed of your tears. You’ve been through a lot - more than most people, and I know in your situation, I’d have done a lot more’n cry. You go right on ahead. Cry. Wail. Gnash your teeth. Scream. I’ll even do it with you. Because what you’re going through isn’t fair. It sucks. And sometimes the only way out is through, and the only way through is to just push, and pushing with that much effort takes a grunt, a groan, or a scream. So, scream all you want.”
“Now, Dean, let’s review. What was the assignment? Do you recall, specifically?” she asked.
, too, that Dad had trusted me with Sammy, and I had gotten him out. And after that, it was always my job to take care of Sam. Dad owned part of an auto repair shop, he was a good mechanic, and for about a year after the fire, he kept working there. But he drank more often, and then, he started hunting. Really, he was looking for answers about what had killed Mom, but he’d go after just about
to become that person, Cas. I
“That’s perfectly all right, Dean. Let’s go back to the book, then, shall we?” Mia waited for Dean’s nod, before looking back at the pages.
time?”
. I was horrible to her. She called me about ten minutes before she died, and I laughed at her, mocked her. I didn’t know! There was nothing I could do, not for her, and not for myself, when my time came.”
?” Mia looked horrified.
“Oh, wow, Mia. That was intense,” Dean said.
“Ow! Jerk,” Sam snorted a laugh.
“You tell me, Dean.” Mia gave Dean a soft smile. “How do you think you replace, essentially, sixty years’ worth of training?”
, you mean.”
“Okay, Dean, let’s stop for a minute and unpack some of that, okay?” Mia smiled softly. “Let’s start with the various kinds of sexual torture, because even a single rape can have a lasting effect on your sex life forever. Have you felt like the episodes of rape and other sexual torture in Hell have affected you, once you came back? Been hesitant to have sex, changed what you were willing, or wanting, to do in bed at all?”
you. I should’ve realized; you’re the only one at NRR who
“Right. When a demon or an angel dies, it goes to a place called ‘The Empty,’ which is controlled by a being called ‘The Cosmic Entity.’ Cas has died a few times; the first few times, he was resurrected by God, but the last time, Jack called out to him and woke him in The Empty. And then Cas annoyed The Cosmic Entity so much, that it sent him back to life. Well, apparently, in our little on-going fight with God, The Cosmic Entity has decided that it’s on our side. He sent Cas a message – ‘deal with God, so I don’t have to’ – and he woke 300,000 angels who at various times have shown loyalty to Cas. Since God’s not in Heaven, and the entire contingent of angels currently in Heaven want Cas in charge, he is. But because Cas wants to be with me, he  left an angel named Hannah in charge, and just brought Gabe and Jack back to Kansas.”
“Exactly! Cas has, well, glowed before. But he’s an angel, he’s
Dean gave a half smile and an abortive chuckle. “Maybe they should’ve called me ‘The
“So, in your entry last Tuesday, after our last session, you wrote about how afraid you were, how much stress you were under as a child, and how you couldn’t let your brother see your fear, because then he’d also be afraid, and it would cause a ‘feedback loop of never-ending terror.’ You say here that ‘humor, charm, and competence became my cover.’ I think that’s very insightful, Dean. I wonder, have you ever told your brother, I mean, since he became an adult, about those specific feelings that you had, back then?” Mia asked.
. And then suddenly, Dad was there, and he was picking me and Sam up in his arms and hugging us, and then running with us in his arms, away from the house and that awful heat, out into the street. And then everything gets confused in my head, with the fire engines, and police cars, and ambulances, and all the neighbors standing around, gossiping.”
“And then… the last day of the last year of the first thirty years I was in Hell… he came to me, and he didn’t laugh, and he wasn’t mockingly pitying, he just seemed… tired, maybe? And somehow kind. Like he was as sick of it all as I was, and maybe we could just hang out together for a minute in recognition of the fact that we were both at the mercy of forces beyond our power to understand. That day, he was something he’d never been before – sympathetic, and truly… kind. Like he was just too tired to keep being mean. It was the first real, true kindness I’d experienced since going downstairs. And that, I couldn’t resist.
“Do you think Cas is upset with you now, about things you didn’t do for him before, Dean?”
“Good.”
“Yes, Dean, it is. Cas is actively finding ways to put the two of you on the same level in the relationship. Now, he may not realize that’s what he’s doing, may not be doing it for that reason - but it has the same affect, absolutely.”
“Well… no. Maybe? It’s not that he doesn’t care. He knows that I’m concerned, and he understands why. I just think that he feels my concern is a little overblown, and maybe
“Jack is a Nephilim. Half-human, half-Archangel. His Archangel DNA comes from Lucifer. But even before he was born, Jack was heavily influenced by his kind and gentle mother, Kelly, and by Cas. He rejected Lucifer, and considers Cas to be his father. And for awhile, at least, he sort of, for lack of a better way to explain it,
“Cas, you could help teach this class, you know. Anytime, you’d be welcome.”
A cloaked figure enters the train car where the children are huddled. It's a person they know, with shocking news for Sam and Dean, who are asked to go with the person, no questions asked, as quickly as possible. Given what they now know, they quickly agree, and depart. It's left to Castiel to worry about how to feed himself and the younger royals - until a railroad employee brings them their supper, and Cas learns that they haven't been entirely abandoned, after all.
“Yes, Dean?” Mia looked up, and smiled, gently.
Cas smiled. “How about you? Ready for dinner?”
Castiel knew that, as Crown Prince, he would someday be King, of course. But he saw no reason why he could not also be a healer. He wanted to learn everything he could.
What else will happen to our brave young friends as they journey away from each other, and the only home they've known for several years - for Cas, his whole life - into the unknown?
. Man, I’m sorry if anything I ever did or said made you feel that way.
“Good for you, Dean.” Mia smiled. “In your Thursday morning journal entry, you seemed to be saying that you were afraid of being intimate with Cas. Am I reading that correctly?”
“Yeah. Ruby - I told you about her, before, Mia; demon chick? anyway - Ruby told Sam that, right after Sam used his powers to kill Lillith, which broke the sixty-sixth seal, and freed Lucifer from the Cage. She told him that ‘It wasn't the blood. It was you... and your choices. I just gave you the options, and you chose the right path every time. You didn't need the feather to fly, you had it in you the whole time, Dumbo.’ And what she meant, Sam tells me, is that he was always a powerful psychic, even without the demon blood. It didn’t give him more power, it just gave him the confidence to actually
, and one to
Mia kept reading. “Okay, so, explain to me about this Cosmic Entity waking angels up?”
“Right now? Absolutely. Come on down to my office, Brother.”
“Bela Talbot. She was hot. And I liked her, too, except she kept stealing from us and fucking us over. She was a trader of supernatural antiquities; she’d find them, find someone who wanted them, and sell them to the highest bidder. And she kept getting in the way of our cases.
“...and one day, my Prince, you, too, will find your mate using the tradition of the egg, and the entire kingdom will celebrate with you.” The tutor, whose name was Inias, smiled at the completion of the story.
“Yeah, sure. Go ahead,” Dean gave permission.
, something you want to shoot for, a goal; or is it something you’re actively putting into practice,
Dean sat down on the couch.
Gabriel appeared in the back seat suddenly. “Hey, guys, you gotta find a way to keep Dean’s light under wraps outside the Bunker. Without the warding, you’re a sitting duck, Dean-o.”
“A robot that your father programmed… and owned?”
“I’m heading to bed, guys. Dean, see you in the mornin’,” Jody said, as she left the kitchen.
“It is, indeed, a twisty logic, Dean, but I follow it. ‘If you do A, you get treated nicely. If you do B, you get punished. You do B, so you beg to be punished so you’ll remember not to do B again next time. So that next time, you’ll do A, and get treated nicely.’ Except that with Alastair, actually doing A wasn’t really ever a possibility, correct?” Mia clarified.
“But I made a pledge to guard and protect you, and I failed in that. More than once, I left you to your own devices, left you alone, failed to watch over you.
Dean let out a shaky little breath. “I’m workin’ on it. Really.”
“Yeah, I get it, Mia,” Dean said. He ran a hand through his hair. “Is this always this hard, or is today an especially difficult session?”
Dean grinned. “Fair.”
he did, Dean?” Mia asked.
“Amara is God’s sister. She’s the Darkness to his Light. Originally, the Mark of Cain was a birthmark on her shoulder, which God ripped off of her arm. He used it as a lock on the interdimensional prison cell in which he confined her, with help from the four Archangels, and then he made Lucifer wear it. But it twisted Lucifer, corrupted him - turned him, well, dark. And for that, rather than removing the Mark from Lucifer, God imprisoned Lucifer in the Cage, in Hell, which is not only a prison, but also its own torture device.”
“Of course.” Mia nodded. “It’s completely up to you, Dean, either way. I’m not trying to push you out. If you want to come in, as we’ve been doing, it’s absolutely fine.
“Because he loves you, and can’t stand to see you hurting.”
“Yeah. I decided ultimately that it was a little too short.”
Dean was stunned.
’ part that gets me over the hump, but yeah. That works.”
"And dude, you’ve gotta stop drinking. I came in here last night, you were passed out on the floor. So, I put you to bed, but c’mon, man, I found an empty decanter, a dirty glass, three empty bottles in the War Room, and another empty bottle in here. Your liver’s gonna shut itself down, dude. You’re gonna end up in the hospital, or dead, from alcohol poisoning. You need help.”
“So, you think his lack of concern is a failure of empathy, that he doesn’t understand your concerns as a human?”
than him hitting me. If he’d hit me, that would’ve been it, and it would’ve been over. Y’know, Sam gave me a lot of crap, over the years, after that, for always following Dad’s orders. But he gave me an order, I didn’t listen, and I almost got Sammy killed.”
“Maybe. A little. I mean, some of what he did is kind of unforgivable. But if I don’t forgive him, then I can’t get past it. And I really want to get past it, Mia. I have to let it go. So, I’m trying. I’m trying to find ways, not to excuse it, but to maybe look at things from Dad’s perspective, a little, and see how maybe he was just trying to do his best. His best may not have been that good, but if that was the most that he could manage, then it’s not his fault. And I survived it, and so did Sammy, and we’re good, now, so, why stay pissed? It’s easier to let it go. Being angry takes too much energy that can be better used on other things.” Dean looked uncomfortable, but clearly believed what he was saying, so Mia just nodded.
suffer from theirs! How am I supposed to work with a client who
“Yeah. Adam Milligan. Turned out that Sam and I had a half-brother we knew nothing about. Dad never told us, we found out after he’d died. I was supposed to be Michael’s true vessel; it was a genetic thing, Winchester genes from Dad, Campbell genes from Mom. Apparently, when I made it clear that I would say ‘no,’ the angels decided that Adam’s Winchester genes from Dad would be good enough, and Michael could just use him, and Adam said ‘yes’. When Sam got control, in order to lock Lucifer away, he had to fall into the Cage through a hole in the ground; Michael tried to stop him from falling, but instead fell with Sam.”
“Well, we have covered some tough topics today, Dean. What did you expect, when you journaled about dreams about your time in Hell?” Mia smiled sympathetically.
Bal blinked in surprise. “Then whose?”
The children suddenly realized that they were really and truly
“And Cassie?”
come back, if you could see him again, Dean. Would you
“But that’s what you’re not getting, Bal.” Gad looked physically ill, like he was on the edge of throwing up. “I
Dean could hear the humor in her voice, and would have grinned, but he felt so relaxed already, he didn’t want to tense up his facial muscles.
, Cas. I’m terrified that I will die, and I will go back downstairs, and even though Alastair is in the Empty now, there will be someone who’ll take his place, and that I’ll go right back to suffering like I did before.
“I did add a few things, but I wouldn’t say it was a redecoration,
“I’ll be there, Dean. It’s family.”
“Well, call him. See you next week, Dean.”
About ten minutes later, Dean came down again, wearing clean dry sweatpants and t-shirt, towel slung around his neck, comfy, thick, heavy wool socks on his feet. He looked much warmer, as well as happier. He joined Cas at the table, and dug into the food with gusto.
“Yes. I should. It’s self-destructive behavior that harms others. Exactly what I’m seeing her for.”
. When you first got here. You said I ‘really was all grown up.’ Is that what you
"Dad said,
Please comment!  ;D
“A little, yes.” Mia nodded.
“I went back to the room, and there was this weird light coming from the bedroom, so I moved closer, and saw this dark figure, the shtriga, leaning over Sammy. I reached for the rifle by the door, and cocked it, but the shtriga heard that, and it reared up and
“Okay, but now, let’s get you upstairs, Dean.”
“And did he?”
“That’s Cas?”
“You have an uncle who’s a mechanic?” Castiel thought that an unlikely profession for a royal.
Actually, only Dean and Cas had realized that was even a possibility. Sam, Anna, and Alfie, were still reveling in the new-found luxury of being treated like an adult, too young to consider the worst-case scenarios that Castiel and Dean were envisioning.
“Yeah.”
“Yeah. Bobby was amazing, Mia. I wish you could’ve met him. You would’ve liked him, and I think he would’ve liked you. I think he would have approved of what you do, using your… talent, shall we say, to help people.”
“Um… Sam said he’d found an empty decanter and three empty bottles in the War Room, and another empty bottle in my bedroom.”
“And now, my father’s dead, and even if he wasn’t, I wouldn’t give Cas up. For one thing, I wouldn’t give Dad the satisfaction. For another, Cas makes me happy, and my Dad never did, so screw him and his homophobia. It’s his problem, not mine. And if he disowned me over it, that’s his loss.”
an unintentional failure of empathy.”
“Oh, sure, you get to go into a room on your first turn!” Claire pouted.
. I don’t understand
and he went back into the nursery. I carried Sam downstairs and outside, and I think we got about as far as three feet from the porch, and the window of Sam’s nursery blew out, with the flames billowing, smoke rising, and I remember that I could feel the heat, and it was
“Shann, you might recall, is Sam’s assistant, and he was hired to do basic clerical stuff, but, apparently, he’s got a knack for translation from modern-day Romance languages - French, Spanish, etc. - and Sam had him translating some texts from French into English, and he finished those, and he moved on to some Spanish texts. And the first one he worked on, it turns out, was pretty interesting, apparently. Also, Shann ended up in an alternate universe, briefly; there was a bleed-through spot in the Bunker, somewhere between the kitchen and the bathroom. Sam’s assigned reaper told him how to get back, but when he came, he saw what that universe’s Shann had been working on - the same text, but with some marked differences - so he stole that universe’s text, and the notes that universe’s Shann had written, and he brought them back with him. And he’s been working basically night and day on the two books, since, and asking questions of the angels about the contents. Lucifer figured it’d be easier to work together on the research if he shared a vessel with Shann, rather than with Cas, and Lucifer also knows that it makes me uncomfortable to be intimate with Cas, while Cas is sharing his body with Lucifer. He figured that if he moved over to Shann, who isn’t dating anyone at the moment, it’d kill two birds with one stone. Shann is still kind of mulling it over, not sure he really trusts Lucifer. Can’t say I blame him.”
“I wrote you a letter, Sam.”
meals, and that anything the royals did get would be charity.
“And when you did get right down to it, you describe it here, and you say that it was ‘hot’ a couple of times, but you don’t really say whether or not you actually enjoyed it. Did you? Or did that conditioning interfere with your enjoyment of the act? I’m asking not out of prurient interest; if you’re reacting to conditioning you don’t want, we can work on that, but only if I know it’s happening.”
Sam. You always will. Being
Mia smiled. “Says here you’re ‘done worrying about what you deserve, Cas is what you want, and if it’s what he wants too, then you want to give it to him.”
at me, but God, I was actually gone, and left Sammy alone, for
with them, exactly?”
“I’m angry with you because,
“Okay, Dean. Can I take a minute and read through the entries? Is that okay?”
. Every fucking minute of it.”
us, he was a
“Dean? Are you all right?” Mia asked, concerned.
“Can you control it? Try. Try thinking about it and consciously ask it to dim a bit.”
“Hey, D? Are you gonna go back and apologize for every shit thing you’ve ever done to me? ‘Cause I can make you a list, if you want….”
“So, you were going to just skip it, if you couldn’t wrap the case in time? Dean, you can’t do that. Put it off once, it’ll become a habit. Alastair scrambled your memories. You have bad habits you’ve picked up over the years. You regularly engage in self-destructive behavior that harms, or has the potential to harm, others. Therapy has to be
He crossed the street by the little mom-and-pop grocery store (or as he sometimes called it, now, ‘the grocery sore’) that they no longer frequented, where he’d been arrested a little over three years ago, and turned onto the road that led to their property.
Dean huffed out a laugh. “Yeah, I know, that entry was a little over the top.
“Nah, but I’m gettin’ there. I’m gettin’ there.” He took another long pull, and finished the bottle.
Mia nodded. “True, but no less relevant
[Interrupted and restarted later.]
“Yes. I did. I said everything I needed to say to Bobby while he was still alive to hear it.”
“See, Mia, this is why we kinda have to do our sessions live, I think.” Dean grinned at her.
a righteous man. Your actions were virtuous, but you still regret what you had to do, even though you had no choice but to do it. Even though you bear no actual blame, your regret over the consequences of your actions leaves you feeling ashamed.
“If you want to.”
Dean rose and went into the kitchen. “Water good for you?”
she’d become a trader. Her parents had abused her when she was a child; her father used her, horribly – sexual and other physical abuse, emotional abuse, you name it. Her mother heaped emotional abuse on her, too. So, when a crossroads demon came to Bela and offered her a way out of the situation, she took it. Her parents were killed, and it was made to look like an accident. She got the life insurance, plus her inheritance. She was given ten years. She was just thirteen when she made the deal.
“I told you that I’m still fragile. Apparently, I’m fragile enough to tell you how I feel.
He popped it open, and chugged the whole thing. “See? Tole ya I was thirsty.” He grinned at Claire.
“You could see it all the way back in Kansas?” Dean asked, astonished.
He couldn’t focus, couldn’t think. He knew Cas had removed the alcohol from his system, but he still felt drunk. He vaguely remembered a line from the book The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy –
“Well, Billie used to be a reaper. I killed the original Death.”
Mia nodded. “And then you say here that that evening, Cas clearly did something to indicate his respect for you - he reminded you that you’re allowed to say ‘no’ if you don’t want to do something particular of a sexual nature with him, or anything that you’re not comfortable with or ready for yet.”
“Don’t forget to apologize for the snap, though.”
Mia laughed.
“Can we finish the coffee first? Hate to see it go to waste.”
“Not what, Dean?”
been the smart one.”
“Well, it seems journaling is really working for you, Dean. I’d say keep doing it.
“Tell me about Bela, Dean.”
“Maybe not, Dean, but if you didn’t understand why you did the things you do, we’d have to unravel that, first. It lets us get straight to the heart of the matter. It may not seem easier to you, but I’ve watched a lot of patients struggle with the ‘
“What were you doing the
“And yourself?”
, to feel it again. It’s leaving you in the pitch-black darkness of the Pit without so much as a flicker of a flame to let you see – total sensory deprivation, until you’d do anything, say
“No, Cas. I… I never told anyone what I just told you. To be fair, no one’s ever asked for specifics before. I know Sam would’ve listened, to anything I wanted to share, but I never wanted him to have to carry that burden. I… Cas, I couldn’t tell my brother that I had begged to be used like that. And I did, Cas. I begged for it. He made me beg nearly every night after I gave in. I think Sam could have excused begging not to be tortured. But I begged to
“So, now I need to ask, Dean. Last week, you said your father hit you, and often, and you said this was the incident where that began. But
Castiel glanced over at him. “Of course, Dean, if you want me to read your journal entry, I would be happy to.” He took the next exit, as the sign had indicated, and found the restaurant with little difficulty. …
“Yeah.”
Dean finished eating, scraping his plate, and looked up, to see Cas smiling at him in amusement. “Hey, it was good. Sue me. Is there any more? I’m starved.”
“Night and day difference, Mia. Night and fucking day.” Dean nodded.
There was a lot of therapeutic writing this week. TBC. ;)
She wouldn’t look at him, and mumbed, “Fine, Dr. Jones.”
“Except…what, Dean?”
This is just the session with Mia. The "homework" of therapeutic writing that followed the session will be in one or more subsequent chapter(s). ;)
:And then I said that I would
“Okay. Well, let’s look at your journal, then? May I?”
. Tell her about the random chicks in bars, too. Tell her about the drinking. Get
“He said that we needed to talk. He made the offer, again, and said that we could go forward as we’d begun that evening – with gentleness and kindness between us, if that’s what I wanted. I just had to agree to his terms. I could stay off the rack, if I put others on it. I could avoid being tortured if I agreed to torture others. And I could avoid being raped by other demons, succubi, etc., if I would agree to be his. By day, his apprentice torturer, by night, his sex slave. He would be gentle, so long as I did everything he asked of me, without question, without resistance. If I failed, I would be punished – but not with rape, and not by anyone but him.
“I honestly don’t know, Mia. Sometimes I think of how great it would be if he were here, in that moment. And other times, I’m glad he’s dead, because trying to live my life the way he expected me to, demanded of me, was
“I think that it would make more sense to you if you read everything in the order in which I wrote it, Mia.” Dean grinned at her. “I made a lot of progress this week, and if you just read the letters, you’ll see it, but you won’t understand the reasons behind them.”
you felt, Dean?” Mia prodded, gently.
the power he already had. Even when Azazel first gave him a little bit of the blood, the night that Mom died, that was just to wake up the powers, give them a nudge. But they were already there, just lying dormant.”
“And I’m realizing that I don’t. I can’t rely on what my memory tells me, because my memories are largely fake.”
Dean stood very still for a long moment, then knelt in front of Cas, and looked up, slowly.
? And then went
“Oh, the
“No, not for me. Look who I found,” Dean grinned and moved closer, entering the kitchen to show Cas what he had in his hands. “He - or she - is no bigger’n a minute, but I couldn’t resist, it reminded me of you. Wild black hair, big blue eyes, a little bit of a lost expression, and so, so sweet.”
The Queen looked out over the balcony at the garden below, festooned with balloons and ribbons and garlands in celebration of her son’s first birthday, and smiled. She held the boy in her arms, and whispered fairy tales in his ear, then gently laid him in his crib as the King entered the room and stepped up beside her.
“Not exactly, Dean. You said you were sure you had written the same thing each day. But actually, there are several differences from entry to entry. You vary details significantly. I’m marking the differences, so you’ll be able to see them,” Mia told him, pen still moving quietly.
“And Anna?”
“There’s that, but the beer doesn’t excuse my actions. I really am so, so sorry,” Dean trembled on his feet.
Dean's therapy session with Mia.
. How many times do I have to tell you,
“At least I won the second game,” Claire groused. “I think you cheated, D. You won the first and the third games without breaking a sweat.” She started packing up the game pieces.
Mia kept reading. “Ah, here’s where you wrote about Cas’ reaction to your letters to him.” Mia laughed, reading about the interaction between  Gabe and Cas, then continued to read. “It’s good that you are supportive of Cas, in addition to allowing yourself to accept his support of you, Dean.”
He hunched over, head in his hands, elbows braced on his thighs. He ran his hands back through his hair, and shook his head, trying to clear it.
Dean thought about it. “Yeah, I guess so.”
, really. I’m upset and confused, usually because you’ve gone off and gotten hurt again, and won’t let me take care of you the way I should, and….
All the same, he picked up the NRR house phone, and dialed Benny’s extension. “Hey. I need to speak with you. Not
“Dean, what were you
“No, I don’t think AA would help. It would take too long. And going to rehab would likely end up with you being permanently institutionalized, given the things you’d have to explain. There’s too much for anyone to assume it was just a metaphor.
“He is. But then, he and I have always had each others’ backs. The only time in his life when I didn’t support Sam, I regretted it.”
to be yelled at for that, even
“I can’t send the letter to Cain, obviously, but I made a copy of the letter that I wrote to Collette, and had Cas take it with him up to Heaven to be delivered. I thought someone ought to let her know that the Mark is finally gone.”
, Dean.” She pushed him back, and he went, his hands raised.
Gad huffed out a laugh, and told her the story of Andrea Wills and Nurse Blanchett from the day before. By the end of his retelling, Pam was in stitches… and his scent had evened out.
“Yup. Claire’s excited.” Dean grinned.
“Oh, no, that can’t be right. My mom’s
how conflicted you are about your father, yes?”
Mia closed her eyes and rubbed her temples gently.
Claire nodded. “Good. You shouldn’t be.”
“Well, as you read, you’ll see that Cas and I have resolved some things between us. But yeah, I was conflicted about my feelings for Cas for a really long time.”
“I know that.”
, I wasn’t under duress once I was out of Hell, and I
Dean nodded. “It did. I missed that. Missed
“Sure. It’s a weird experience, and it’s happening to you, not to him.”
Dean nodded again. “He did. Dad conditioned me to obey, to take the abuse, to do what needed to be done. And Alastair just built on that. Took it much further, obviously, but he built on Dad’s foundation.”
Suddenly, he was behind her, his hands on her arms. “I’m all in favor of going to bed.”
“No. And there probably isn’t a damn thing I can do about any of them, either. But I do feel like I’m the head of the team, and people are looking to me to lead, and I have no clue what I’m doing.”
Dean sighed. “No, it’s fine, I said we should go in order, and we should. I just… lost it for a minute there. I apologize, Mia.”
issues, not
. They were alone, for the first time in their young lives, unguarded, unwatched...free.
And once again, he dreamed of being an Alpha-dog.
. Because I want and need to be better, for
“The next thing here is your daily journal entry, and you write, ‘It sounds odd to say, but I don’t miss being out on the road. I’m ready for something new. I think that restoring the vintage cars that the Men of Letters had here, and the inventory that Bobby had on hand at the Yard, could be that. It’ll take work, but it’s work I know how to do. I think settling down with Cas, and splitting our time between here and Sioux Falls, could be really good for us. Sam can keep doing research, and keep track of the hunters’ network, without going out himself. And  maybe once in a while, we can do a hunt still. But we’re getting up there, and maybe it’s just time to hang it up and be safe. How many times are we supposed to save the world, after all? We averted the Apocalypse. We talked Cas down from being God. We got rid of the Leviathans. We killed Abaddon. We got Amara under control. We got rid of Apocalypse World’s Michael. We’ve done enough. Haven’t we?’ Well, Dean, I’d say yes, myself. Do you have doubts about it?”
carried the burden of regret and guilt
“Hugging her.”
“You write here that Cas ‘asked if I wanted to put up pictures of my absent loved ones - including Ben and Emma. I froze for a second, I think because I’m not used to having it be acknowledged that I even had those children, or that I love them still. I know that they can’t be at the wedding - Emma’s dead and Ben doesn’t know who I am anymore - but it meant so much to me that Cas would think to suggest that, and just mentioned their names casually, like,
“Yes, ‘outed you’ as a full medical doctor with a Ph.D. in physiotherapy. My bad.” She rolled her eyes at him. He refused to take the bait.
“Nah, don’ wan’ caffeine. But I’m thirsty, Claire. C’mon, baby, move out the way for me,” Dean took a step forward and stumbled.
Dean went upstairs, and to bed.
his life. And that had been primarily the Army’s doing. Why should he be ashamed of his service record? It was a good service record, one to be proud of. Just because he’d started it as a slave shouldn’t matter. He’d worked hard as an Alpha-dog. He’d put in the time and effort. He simply hadn’t died, but that wasn’t his fault, and it certainly wasn’t a problem. He had to let it go.
“No change at all, Dean?”
Gadreel turned to her with a smile - a real one - and she just laughed harder.
. It was always all or nothing with Dad. Either he was there, completely in the moment, laser focused, or he was just
“But I bet you haven’t got one clue in your head as to the
