Cas seemed perfectly happy to just be kissing, and Dean felt the weight of exhaustion behind his eyes. But Dean had also just proven to himself how weak he really was; and he was afraid that he’d wake up in the morning, call Cas “buddy” and continue on like tonight had never happened. He was more afraid that the dark, ugly buzzing at the back of his head would never shut up unless he did something drastic, unless he drowned it out with something louder.
Dean chuckles proudly.
Dean took a breath, and said carefully, “No, not us. Just you.”
“You’re my best friend, Cas,” Dean said in a broken whisper. “I wanna share everything with you.
“Dean? Cas? Are you guys here?” Sam’s voice sounds from the hallway with a thin note of panic.
Cas shuts his eyes, and in the spirit of fairness, tamps down his other senses too.
Cas considers how to answer.
Sam’s voice is an unwelcome distraction.
, or maybe,
“That,” Dean coughed out as he caught his breath, pointing at Sam. “That’s what’s so funny.”
Dean looks up from where he's cubing potatoes. His eyes flit up and down Cas' body, his lips curving softly. "Yeah. Yeah that's good."
Dean blinks in the light of the desk lamp.
“No,” Cas says softly, adamantly.
“Ow! What the hell, guys?” Kevin exclaimed. A bit over-dramatically, in Dean’s opinion.
He sighs internally, and sits.
“Serial killer plagues Chicago suburb…” Dean read off the screen, “Striking three times in as many months… victims all found with their hearts removed…” He nodded to Sam. “Werewolf?”
After a few episodes of
“Oh,” Cas says, and what he means is, “I understand.” He walks across the room to Dean’s closet, shrugs off his trench coat, and hangs it up.
When Jack steps away, Dean blinks and clears his throat. “Thanks for coming by,” he says.
When they get to the war room, Dean turns on his heel, grabs Cas’ tie, and drags him into a hungry kiss. He parts his lips, and Cas chases the taste of syrup in his mouth.
Dinner continues. Claire, Jody, and Eileen trade hunting stories back and forth, with Kaia shyly interjecting every now and then. Jack hangs off of Claire’s every word; as the meal goes on, he slowly starts slouching and turning sideways in his chair, mimicking her posture.
Cas had been in an Empty-induced slumber when Jack rifled through his thoughts to find a short-list of angels to bring back to Heaven. Cas understood the necessity of it, so he didn’t mind, and the two of them hadn’t discussed it since. It occurs to Cas now that maybe they should, that maybe he ought to explain to Jack that his immediate feelings don’t always reflect the complexity of a situation. That, as it turned out, millenia of serving side-by-side, of being as close as any of them thought angels could be, didn’t amount to much in the end. For any of them.
Dean thought about how he felt. His limbs were weak, and he tingled from his lips to his toes. It was a good feeling. “Yeah. Yeah I do.”
quiet, but getting louder.
Beverly cupped Cas’ face in her hand and tilted his chin up to look at her. “Come on, baby,” she cooed. He got to his feet, and she stepped out of her jeans. Now naked, she took Cas by the hand and led him to her bed. Dean watched as Beverly removed Cas’ belt, and pushed his jeans and underwear over his hips.
"So you’re saying…" Richard stares into the middle-distance for a long moment before his eyes slide back to Castiel. "Heaven was a prison."
(See the end of the chapter for
A rush of displaced air hits the back of Dean’s neck, and there’s a sound of rustling wings that he hasn’t heard in years. The knife slips across Dean’s knuckle, drawing blood. The pain doesn’t even register as he spins around.
“Yeah,” he said. He was too overwhelmed to even think about saying anything else.
“Dude. Stop.”
"Figure I should give Jody a head's up too," Dean says, and there’s a tension in his voice, a note of dread.
Dean and Cas met Wendy in Nevada, after a salt-and-burn at an old Spanish mission. She had brown eyes, and hints of pink in her hair where the dye had not yet completely faded.
It reminded Dean of Cas “studying the act of giving pleasure.”
Cas is confused. Somehow he made things worse with his offer. He doesn’t understand how. He hates not understanding.
“I had a good time tonight,” Jack says.
He sighs, and grits out, “I’m sorry for denigrating your decision to join humanity. I see now that there may,
“Actually, you know Jack healed my wings,” Cas says, seemingly fascinated by the wood grain in the table.
When they rolled into town, Dean got one room for Sam, and one room for him and Cas to share. Back when he’d started with the separate rooms, he’d said that they all needed the space, and that was still true. It would be weird to change up the pattern now.
Dean was trying to teach him. Dean had taught Cas how to shoot guns, and shoot pool, and shoot whiskey. Cas could quote Clint Eastwood back at Dean whenever Dean referenced one of his movies, and had his own opinions on the top three Led Zeppelin guitar solos. Cas had a list of phone numbers that women had entered into his contact list after he had shown them a good time. He could drive Baby well enough that Dean didn’t think twice about passing him the keys. But something was still missing. A way of acting, of being. A way of understanding that all of those things were supposed to signify something beyond the mere act of shooting or listening to music or fucking.
He grabbed the other end of the branch in Miracle’s mouth. There was a brief tug-o-war that Dean won; he hurled the branch into the field and smiled as Miracle chased after it.
Anna spends a couple of minutes spinning the frisbee between her fingers. Cas watches it turn.
. No point to thinking about that last one, to torturing himself by figuring out how he feels about it. Not now. Not with Cas gone. How he feels about Cas being in love with him is just something else on the list of things that Dean doesn’t know.
Dean fixes Cas with a fierce stare. “Promise me.”
On the way out of Massachusetts, they passed a surprising number of Southern-style diners for New England. Dean could only take so much before he gave into temptation and pulled into one for an early lunch.
On rare occasions the two of them are somewhere safe and sheltered, and there is a fire to keep the ever-present chill of Purgatory at bay. Castiel is exhausted from fighting and flying and bleeding for protection wards, and the place itself draining him of power. But Dean is exhausted as well, dead on his feet, so Castiel says he’ll take first watch. And when Dean wakes up, on those rare occasions, he tells Cas to get some rest, and
Richard waits for Castiel’s answer with baited breath.
“We could try to find a way around?”
Cas hesitates, then admits, “I was just thinking about that night. When the Empty took me.”
“That’s true,” Cas said, but with so much fondness that all Dean could do was laugh.
Castiel knows this place, and it knows him. Which means that Purgatory targets his weaknesses, drains him and wears him down. But it also means that Castiel can see past the physical landscape. He can see the paths radiating from the centre of Purgatory, the path to the gate that will take him and Dean home.
“Maybe… Jack?” Sam shrugged.
“You guys can do that. I think I’m gonna take a nap.”
trying to live. He hadn’t fallen into his old self-destructive habits. He was actively reaching out for any bit of happiness he could grasp -- spending time with Miracle; applying to work as a mechanic; hell, even going to the pie festival -- and he held on to those bits of happiness as hard as he could. Hard enough to strangle them, maybe. Because they were never enough to overwhelm the seething emptiness at the back of Dean’s mind, the hollowness in his spine, the weight in his stomach.
A part of Dean rebels at the fact that Castiel is, to all appearances, a man. Dean has gotten dudes off in truck stop bathrooms for money, and has treated himself to the occasional fantasy featuring Dr. Sexy, his own hand, and a bottle of lube. But none of that intruded on Dean’s carefully cultivated sense of being the man that life as a hunter demanded he be. So yeah, there’s a voice, that sounds an awful lot like John Winchester, insisting that Dean isn’t even into dudes. But in light of his glimpse at the eldritch, non-euclidian
“Several hours,” Cas answers.
“You know you can’t turn Cas into a mini-Dean.”
Castiel is purpose. But Dean is blood and skin and sweat and breath and he makes Castiel live and feel in the body that’s not really his as he never has before. He makes Castiel focus. On sensation. On skin. The softness of Dean’s lips and the callouses on his fingers. Soothing caresses and sharp bites. How to make Dean sigh and how to make him moan and how to make him gasp out Castiel’s name in one wrecked syllable.
“What can I say?” Dean shrugged, slipping back into his easy grin. “The ladies love it. And who am I if not a people pleaser?”
The first time Dean makes Sam laugh after he gets back, he basks in the sound. He smiles just knowing his brother is riding shotgun. They fall back into a rhythm that feels like home.
“Oh. Alright.”
Cas replays those words to himself as he picks through Yukon Golds at the grocery store. Dean was right, he thinks. Cas’ time on earth is time for himself and his family, and he’s not going to let worries about Heaven distract him; not when he has much more immediate concerns.
“By the way,” Cas says, “I wanted to thank you for helping with Benjamin. What you said, I think it really affected him.”
, he thinks. But he can’t keep the fondness from his voice when he says, “Come on, stay a while.”
“Thank you,” Cas says with a weak smile. He doesn’t admit that a part of him thinks that Eileen must be wrong. There must be something he can do that will make Dean plainly and simply happy again.
"Including the one asking me to ignore all of them. So. Apologies for not doing that."
“Well, that means Dean’s buying the next round,” Sam cut in cheerfully, slapping Dean on the back.
Dean sighs. “I know.” He starts ambling towards Castiel at a leisurely pace. He yawns. “It’s just, I’m tired man. Can’t we rest here? Just for a little while?”
“Didn’t you leave us alone to sort our shit out?” Dean says.
“Hey Cas?” Sam says before Cas can get very far.
Anna snickers.
"Good," Dean says.
He huffs in amusement.
Dean wasn’t 100% on what an
"A Celtic Shield," she explains, a glow of nostalgia in her eyes. "It's an Irish protection charm."
Dean takes another step back. Cas watches, breathing heavily. Slowly, Dean raises his hands to the sash of his robe. He traces the knot with his fingertips, and Cas thinks about feeling those fingers on his skin. He unties the sash, and Cas waits for the robe to fall open. But Dean holds it wrapped around him.
Dean felt a glow of satisfaction at the sound, and beamed. “Right? Here, try it with the hot sauce.”
Dean considered Beverly and Cas, sitting next to each other, both looking lazy and satisfied. It would be a nice sight to wake up to. Dean sighed.
In between questions, Cas flips through a book full of lithographed illustrations of monsters, making annotations in the margins. Really, it’s just a way to keep himself occupied as he enjoys Dean’s company, enjoys the sight of him planning out a family dinner.
Back before the show confirmed that Chuck brought Cas back all those times, my favourite fanon was that Cas left a bit of his grace in Dean when he raised him and brought him back to life, and it acted as a tether every time Cas died.
Anna giggles again. Uriel throws back his drink.
Gabriel continues, “Naomi’s waiting for you to fail, and when you do, she’s gonna bring the hammer down,
Cas whines, but he follows Dean’s instructions.
Eve turns from him, and walks away. Castiel keeps his eyes fixed on her as she goes, and doesn’t start trembling until she’s out of sight.
"Nah,” Dean says with a wave of his hand. “Come on, let’s go."
Dean watches them, and shoves his hands deep in his pockets.
“No, I don't!” Cas hears Dean protest. “I have that weird intense thing with
“Dean’s never recovered from you.”
“Do you ever wonder what would have happened--”
It's a lie.
He turns, and sees Anna waving at him from a circle of yellow vinyl lawn chairs.
"This is real nice, but, uh…” Dean shifts under Cas’ body. “I'm getting kinda sticky here."
Cas is on Dean again, pressed up close, and kissing him like he’s starving for it. Dean manages to push Cas’ coat and jacket off his shoulders, and then Cas is crowding him back towards the bed, pushing him onto the mattress, climbing on top of him. He pulls at Dean’s lower lip with his teeth, and turns to suck bruises into his jaw and neck. His hands ghost over Dean’s body, trying to touch him everywhere and unable to settle on one spot. There’s a frantic energy to Cas, and Dean realizes that he finds it
Cas watches Sam leave with wide, nervous eyes, and Dean watches Cas, trying to decide what to make of those nerves.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas isn’t quite sure what brought that smile on, but he’s glad to see it.
Dean sprawls across the mattress.
They got dressed quickly, and tossed their things haphazardly into their duffels. Dean couldn’t help but smile at the disaster that was Cas’ hair, or chuckle at the way Cas grumbled darkly about “the worst morning ever” and made vague plans to drop Sam off at an orphanage or animal shelter.
Castiel is a body that’s not really his, and a grace that’s steadily evaporating like sweat off his skin. He supposes an angel must be other things too (what was Anna when she fell? But Castiel’s fall was not like) Anna’s and he never did mourn her did he?
Cas thinks about all the words of anger and grief that he has saved on his phone. There was so much that he can’t imagine what else there is to say.
Satisfied that they’re on good terms, Cas is about to put his phone away when he feels it vibrate one more time.
“Really?” Cas says, doubtful.
Jody waits on the line expectantly.
There’s an immediate shift in mood as they enter Dean’s bedroom. Dean shuts the door with a
Inias nods. Then he says, “Kirsten had some other suggestions too. I could take them to a zoo. Or a science museum. Or --”
“Okay,” Sam said, as he racked up the game. “In that case, why don’t you break?”
“Alright buddy, alright,” Dean murmured and pushed the dog off his bed. Pain split through his head and he winced as he sat up. But Miracle was there, panting and wagging his tail. Dean took a deep breath, got out of bed, and got ready to take him for a walk.
The energy around Dean is vibrating with… something convoluted. Less than fear but deeper than anxiety. But Dean’s stance is open and his eyes are crinkled with his smile, so Cas shrugs it off.
Maureen turned a different tap, and the sprays around the walls of the shower stopped. Instead, water fell from a panel in the ceiling, in large warm drops like summer rain. Dean turned his face up and grinned at the feeling.
“I think they’re beginning to miss us downstairs.” Cas says. He ticks his head towards the bunker door and smiles at Claire. “Come on. I think we need you to make it a little less normal.”
"Good." Cas sighs, relieved. "That’s good."
“See? This isn’t so hard,” Dean said, and laughed in relief. “Hey, why don’t we put some music on?”
Anna scoffs. “I’d say not. Did you talk about anything else?”
The vegetables are forgotten on the counter.
Maureen moaned in delight. “You heard him, Cas.”
The tape had stopped a while ago. Dean leaned over the front seat, awkwardly, but he managed to flip it over and get the music going again. The opening riff to “Heartbreaker” filled the car, steadily rising notes that fell hurriedly back down, setting a rocking kind of rhythm. Dean rolled on a condom, slicked himself up. He looked at Cas, laid out on the back seat, flushed and panting and needy. He knew he wanted to see his face, to watch him react every step of the way, from the first press in, to the climax. Dean positioned himself between his legs, licking his lips in anticipation. Cas eagerly wrapped his calves around Dean’s hips, pulling him close.
"Are you happy?" Cas whispers.
Cas nods, reassuring himself that Sam probably signed something to Eileen incorrectly and gave her the wrong impression.
books. Which he wasn’t going to, ever. But Kevin seemed less miserable than he normally was when he left for his room, so Dean couldn’t be too mad about letting him have his way.
, Dean thought. He loved it when women took control, when they let him forget his strength. From the way Cas’ eyes widened, it seemed like he enjoyed it too. Besides, it was only gentlemanly to take direction from your partner in bed. Dean was proud of him.
without me.”
Dean blushes, but instead of letting his lips curl up in a bashful smile, he clenches his jaw and darts his eyes away. Cas can’t parse the emotions he gets from him before Dean shuts down again.
Slowly, Dean undoes Cas’ tie, unbuttons his shirt, unfastens his pants. He lets each item of clothing fall to the floor in turn, holding Cas’ gaze the entire time. When Cas is naked, Dean pushes on his shoulders until he sits on the edge of the bed, and Dean sinks to his knees. He takes off Cas’ shoes, and slides his pants off his feet.
“A list of the most important movies ever made,” Cas explained seriously.
Anna and Cas turn to each other, and lock eyes. A nod is all it takes to tell Cas that Anna has decided on the same tactic as him. Cas nods back. And they move.
She follows him out of the library.
save him. And ‘cause of that we saved the world.”
“So, this means you’re staying?” Dean asks, brushing the tip of Cas’ nose with his own.
“As long as you’re here with me, you have me.” With his free hand, Dean runs his fingers up Cas’ back, feeling the thick chords of muscle there, feeling Cas solid and present and alive. “However you want me. Because I love you.”
Sam caught the ball and rolled it back. “We won’t count that one,” he said kindly.
“Then no one needs to know,” he says, trying to keep from sounding too desperate. “Please, Jack.”
Dean lifted his head and looked at Cas. Cas met his eyes, bright and intently focused on Dean. His lips were all pink and spit-slick. He was a sight, and any thoughts that Dean had about not wanting exactly
An awful, booming wail rings through the air, making the trees shudder, their leaves shaking loose and falling to the earth.
Dean can’t help but smile at that. Typical Cas. “I'm guessing you woulda come to see me sooner but…”
“Oh,” Claire says.
“Okay!” Jack says brightly.
And no, Dean wasn’t ready to hear this, not at all. “Cas…”
Fighting reminds Castiel of who he once was (
“Tell me what you want, sweetheart,” Dean murmurs against Cas’ lips. “Anything you want, I'll give it to you.”
Anna says, flickering like a candle.
Cas looks over his shoulder to make sure that Sam is safely out of the room as Dean reels him in. Satisfied that they’re alone, Cas relaxes into Dean’s pull.
Dean came, a warmth flooding through him, and he might have said it was Cas filling him with grace except that he knew what that felt like, and this was better. Cas fucked him through it until his own climax hit, jaw falling open and muscles going tense and then slack, his eyes never straying from Dean’s face for a second.
“No more missions from Heaven,” Dean says, blood pressure notching up as if he’s describing an errotic act. “No more going off to solve problems on your own, no more sacrificing yourself for us.”
Dean wanted to respond to every one, but instead he felt the words catching in his throat, building in his chest, until all he could do was take Cas’ mouth in a fierce kiss, and whisper them, broken and only once, against Cas’ lips.
Jack smiles in return, but there’s a tightness to his expression. He sighs. “See you soon.”
She scrunched her nose and shook her head. “Not him.” She nodded towards the pool table, where Cas was racking up for the next game.
When Dean looks up again, his eyes are as wide and bright as they have been for much of the day.
” Dean could hear Cas getting a little lost in his own sentence. “...
“Mm?”
He wasn’t going to be able to do it. He was never going to be able to just reach across and grab that phone. He was never going to see that video. He was never going to -
Dean looks momentarily bewildered.
Castiel sat up and Dean pulled at Castiel’s clothes, now, more gently than Castiel had done, sliding the shirt over Castiel’s head and greeting him with a kiss once it was off. Dean moved his body, just a little, back and forward.
“Where?”
Castiel looked at Dean, who audibly breathed out, and then met his eyes.
“What? No,” Dean said, “no. Cas. You dress great.” Was he going a little red? Castiel fought back a smile as he said,
to fix the place up. Didn’t notice his eyes glazing over, but I didn’t get a second date, so.”
It still somehow felt as though Dean was running and hiding, and Castiel was covering.
“Fuck… Cas, I… I…” The sensation was only just starting to feel like happiness, a happiness so huge that it was devastating.
him at his word that he just really, really goddamn liked her as a friend - no
“Right…” There was another, longer silence, that Sam obviously expected Dean to fill - but Dean didn’t. Sam asked, “So, like a rock concert?”
“I’m not…” Castiel swallowed, and trailed off. The truth was, between interrupting Dean the night before and not talking to him right now about everything on his mind, he kind of
“I don’t know why I did that,” Dean said, sounding wretched.
“Oh, we know it counted,” Dean said. And somehow his tone wasn’t bitter so much as it was something else, something Castiel couldn’t quite place.
“Really?” she said, a smile waiting at the corners of her mouth.
“Something about, uh, the governing authority shouldn’t need a specialised guard, because average citizens don’t have them.”
Dean gritted his teeth. He knew where that line of thought and feeling went – somewhere Castiel didn’t want to go. Somewhere that would leave Dean on the end of a phone in the middle of the street with a pit in his stomach and a reservation at the nicest restaurant in town that no one was going to keep.
“I’m good,” he said. “Just a long day.”
Dean felt a shiver go up his back. Christ. If he’d closed his eyes, he wouldn’t have believed that the voice he was hearing was his own; it was sweeter, more lyrical, and more controlled than he ever heard it from the inside. He didn’t sound like a pro, no way, but there was something there, some edge of smokiness or some hint of shyness that made him sound…
Castiel looked down into Charlie’s hopeful face.
“Fit better?” Now Dean moves his hand, pulls back, though he doesn’t go far. “What do you mean?”
“I just thought,” Castiel says, when Dean stays silent, “if I could be human like you, then maybe you’d… maybe we could be the same. And stay that way.”
They headed into the movie theatre gripping their drinks, Dean carrying the popcorn and Castiel flashing their tickets to the attendant before opening the door for Dean on the way in. They found their seats, right at the back of the screen. The rest of the place was all but empty, just a few people down the front also sitting and waiting in the gloom.
“What? Yes.”
“That’s the thing,” Dean said wretchedly. “He maybe does, or something.”
After a little time, he put some ice on his hand.
“Your -”
“You can’t be sure. And I told you, I don’t even like his music.”
The man.
“Sir,” said one of the hard-hats to Dean, “please. We’ve been through this. You have no ground on which to stop this logging. It is not going to be a completely destructive process. The company I represent plan to give one percent of the proceeds from this project within the next three years to a local conservation organisation that will plant trees to replace the ones that we will be –”
“Yeah,” he said. “Wouldn’t want that.”
He thought of his own overflowing credit account with a wince. He couldn't offer the Hunter any of the credits the organisation sent his way, for so many reasons - but he surprised himself by suddenly wanting to. He and the Hunter had disliked each other so comfortably for so long while working together down in the Underlight that the impulse was a confusing one.
“C’mon,” he said. “You know what it’s like when you come out to someone and you can tell that you chose wrong, and they’re angry and they wish you hadn’t told them. Sometimes they’re being polite on the surface but you can tell. And something breaks. Like, yeah, it’s bullshit to have to hide, but it’s less bullshit than seeing someone you care about hating you or a part of you or whatever.”
Sam had left Central two years ago for Coastal, and what had happened that night with Castiel had been the first time in two years that he'd felt as though he mattered to someone in the city where he lived.
“Seamless,” Dean said, making for the stage. “Got it.”
Dean, finally putting two and two together, felt his mouth drop slightly open.
He kept thinking about Dean. Dean running alone along that coastal road. Dean – Dean who wasn’t human. Dean who had – who –
Opposite him, the Duchess Lisa stuck her fork enthusiastically into her own food, and ate. Beside Castiel, Dean was sitting and not moving. A steaming mug of coffee had been placed in front of him.
“But –”
“Of course I have. He says he’s going to go through with it, he’s ready to get married, but he just won’t actually meet the person he’s supposed to do it with.”
"Everyone just thinks it's an antique, Dean. They think I carry it to look cool. No one cares."
Castiel stared at him.
“I told you,” said Charlie’s voice, muffled, from inside. “We can’t do this! It’s not right!”
“Yes.”
He stepped out of the closet. Together, he and Dean moved across the landing, with Castiel pausing to peer into the bedroom and the bathroom. Nothing, other than the wards hanging where they had been before he’d removed them.
“Can I have some?” Balthazar asked, from across the room. “That was beautiful, by the way.”
He handed the phone back to her, throat tight, wordless.
Dean stops moving. His eyes fix on Castiel.
The shame was like a punch to the gut. Castiel had been only too clear about his feelings in college, when he’d taken care to escape both the dates that they’d set up.
“Yes,
demanded his brain, catching up with his mouth - but the guy was looking down at the ground with an expression that looked amused, maybe even a little pleased, at the same time as being kind of bashful about it. All in all, the effect was quite something, Dean thought. Particularly with the feather boa.
“Dean, maybe we could look at those papers, now,” Jody said, sitting forwards. At the front of the bar, Ash was spinning the wheel again, choosing another victim and another genre. Dean stuck on a smile and nodded gamely, not wanting to be on the receiving end of any more of Jody’s disapproval.
In the cold light of day, Dean Winchester stood outside the Ground Floor Theatre with his hands shoved into his coat pockets, a scarf twisted around his neck and an expression of deep scepticism on his face. The place looked nondescript, no banner or sign announcing that Castiel’s auditions were happening; for a singer that famous, they were obviously trying to keep things on the down-low.
Castiel came to a stop. He let his eyes trace the familiar windows. There, bottom left, were the net curtains and potted plant on the sill that belonged in the office. And on the other side, the little angel figurine that proudly watched out of the kitchen.
“No, I mean, you talking is helping,” Dean said. He felt muzzy, full of static, every moment punctuated by the thud of a too-loud heartbeat.
“Okay, so what are you?”
“Why would you put it there?”
“Right. But then
Looking down at his feet to make sure not to trip on the unfamiliar steps, he made his way upward. The stairway was straightforward, no curve to reach the upper landing – but even still the way felt strange, twisty, with curlicues of shadow seeming to bend and linger in odd shapes at the sides of his vision. Castiel glanced left and right at them, blinking hard, annoyed at his own eyes.
Dean wondered how Cas had got to hear about it, when last night he hadn’t seemed to be much of a Castiel fan. He’d enjoyed Dean’s detailed deconstruction of Castiel’s musical flaws, or it had seemed that way at the time. So how had he managed to get himself on the invite list to auditions that seemed to be pretty exclusive?
He could do this. He could
“Like you wouldn’t assume you have that anyway,” Charlie said. Dean made a face, and then sent her an expletive via private message. “Charming,” Charlie said.
“Because if you don’t want to do this,” Castiel said, “then we won’t. That’s fine. I’m only out here because you came and got me.”
“Cas?” he said, disbelieving – and Dean saw a slight smile appear on Castiel’s face, and the angel slightly raised one hand in greeting.
“Don’t you like it?”
“Stories,” he said. “That’s all. Nightmare fuel.”
Had he always been this person, just he hadn’t had the opportunity to prove it until now? Or had Castiel created this him, this iteration of himself who was leaning against the kitchen counter and waiting for bacon grease to ease his slight hangover – had he been born the night before, suddenly, in the moment Castiel had held out his hand for Dean to take?
were the words that went unspoken and clearly heard.
Dean nodded his head down at Castiel’s phone.
“You two are breaking up? And she’s right there with you?”
“Well.”
Fuck. He was already singing it. It was happening.
“Mmph.” Dean swallowed. “A while.”
“Cheese is strange,” Cas said. “Don't you think?” He was looking at his burger, considering the strings of cheese curling out from under the bun - but on his face was writ large the memory of the compliment. He was clearly still thinking about it.
this. He could wear a leather jacket and tight jeans to class and he could pull it off and feel confident with himself and earn chili peppers. He
Dean looked for Cas, and found him. He was watching Dean, smiling so slightly that it seemed as though he wasn’t even aware of it - as though just seeing Dean was making him happy.
Charlie winced. Dean glared at her.
Dean swallowed.
Dean watched her walk away, his heart in his throat.
“I think it’s me,” Lisa said. Dean and Castiel reached where they were standing, a spot on the grassy bank of the lake bathed in the gentle heat of the golden sun, and dropped their own backpacks to the ground. Fumbling with the zip on his own, Castiel found several sandwiches wrapped in clear plastic, a large box of fruit, and a big soft folded wad of material.
Lisa’s head dropped, more tears visibly spilling down her cheeks. Castiel sat frozen as the volume of chatter in the cathedral pushed higher. Quite suddenly, Mary got to her feet. She stepped out from her seat, into the aisle, and turned to face the gathered crowd of socialites and nobility.
For a few moments, they only breathed together, on the come-down. And then, very gently, Dean leant down and kissed Castiel’s lips. In the rosy glow of their bodies’ shared release, they traded quiet kisses.
But it wasn’t about what he felt, Castiel knew. Because if what happened was only dependent on what he felt, himself, then the two of them would have married each other long ago, and Dean would never have got engaged to anyone else at all, and the whole sorry mess of it would never have started. But what happened also depended on what Dean felt. What Dean wanted.
“Different when it’s family,” Dean pointed out.
“Actually, I was thinking of switching up the setlist,” Dean heard Cas say, as though from far away. His head was starting to spin. “I want to do the cover song last.”
“Today,” Castiel said. “The Prince and the Duchess are coming to visit.”
“No, of course not.”
“Yeah, I’m good, thanks.”
job comes with being super famous and shit doesn’t mean I have a right to know about it.” He cleared his throat. “Look, I’m not saying that I like being kept in the dark about stuff, and I wish you’d given me the heads up about the audition, but like… I get it, can’t be easy to know when to tell me and you said yourself, normally people just know who you are. Not like you got a lot of practice and shit. So… it’s cool, is what I’m trying to say. It’s okay. You get to decide when to tell me shit.” Cas looked unconvinced. “I’m honestly not mad at you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What even happened when you followed him?” Charlie said, sounding exasperated. “You just literally stared at him walking away?”
Castiel frowned.
Dean squinted down at his phone.
“You’re alive,” Dean said.
“Like, I don’t know,” Dean said. “I don’t - I don’t know! What’s the - what am I supposed to - what the fuck is the right reaction to
“I know,” Dean said out loud. “It’s just… it’s hard. Putting yourself out there, knowing how much you could lose.”
“Oh,” Castiel said again. Against Dean’s clear desire for the conversation to move on, he said, “Why?”
“Dean,” Castiel said, and Dean stopped, pulling away. “Over me… put your leg over me.” Dean did as he was asked, following Castiel’s guiding hands, legs straddling Castiel’s body. Castiel sat up to kiss him, and as he did so he tugged on Dean’s princely jacket.
“This one is awesome. ‘Cas Novak is a manwhore.’ It even has his phone number. He must’ve pissed someone off.” Dean chuckles.
“No, like… platonic cuddling.”
“Dean.”
Dean nodded. “’Look after Sammy, boy. Watch out for him.’ That’s what he always said.” He paused, and Cas wasn’t sure if he would continue.
If he hadn’t felt it before, Cas had just ensured that the chasm between them stayed as wide as the Grand Canyon.
“We should get you home before it gets cold out, Cas.” With a forced smile, Dean stood and reached out his hand to help him up. Surprised, Cas placed his hand in Dean’s and suppressed a shiver at the feel of those calloused fingers sliding against his own.
A grin played across Dean’s lips. High Cas was Bossy Cas. “For what?”
“Mr. Winchester, I just need to see your ID and I’ll be out of your hair, I promise.”
Dean considered the idea for a moment. The two of them, on separate ends of the couch, making awkward conversation about Thor and Loki. Both of them avoiding the fact that this was normally the part of the evening where they would cuddle together, closely enough to hear each other’s heartbeats.
“I think I coerced –“
“He kissed you back, didn’t he?” Gabe sounded smug.
“You have a cuddle buddy.” Laughter laced Gabriel’s tone.
Next up was the clearly handmade soap. Dean held the yellow bar to his nose and sniffed. He might not do bath products, but he did like to cook. This bar smelled like ginger and citrus, and… honey, again? Cas must really have a thing for bees.
“Dean, let go. I need to get the lube,” Cas instructed firmly.
“I don’t know, man,” he said. “There’s… I mean, you know.”
“I know,” Charlie said, drawing out the ‘o’ into a little understanding wail. “But after we graduated he went into interior design, and he’s so good at it, so back when I thought we’d be too busy to, you know, do the decorating ourselves after we moved in, I just sort of… spoke to him about it… and he said he’d do it for a really reduced rate, and scrap the consultation fee, so we’d basically just be paying market prices for whatever he chose, and…”
Behind Dean stretched the length of a torso covered in brown fur. Two more legs stood sturdy behind him.
“Him? Sorry, darling. He’s only in after ten in the evening. And anyway, he’s not in charge of the admin. That’s all me.”
He was going to get so much crap for this. People he didn’t know were going to be leaving hate comments, he’d seen it happen on the internet before. The guys at work were all going to see the video. And they’d be seeing him singing an Adele song, a cappella, while staring deep into the eyes of an international pop sensation who happened to be a dude…
It was silent on the line. For a second, Dean’s certainty wavered.
“I know,” Dean said, snapping now. “I got it. And I’m telling you, not interested. Jeez, first Cas, now you - why is everyone so keen to hear me say that being with him wouldn’t be enough for me?”
“Hi,” said Jo Harvelle, who was standing outside the door.
WOOF I was a little worried I wouldn't get this posted! It's coming to you from Salzburg, Austria. Today I ate schnitzel and a lot of cheese and apricots - in other words, life couldn't be better. MOUNTAINS ARE EVERYWHERE. MOUNTAINS, GANDALF. I managed to find good wifi to get this up and I'm feeling most pleased indeed about that. I hope you all are having an excellent time out there - apologies for the brief hiatus, I want to do my best to make the deadline for the DCBB because I'm so excited for the fic I'm doing for it!! So many writing things I am excited for, so so many.
“Do you want me to stay here?”
“This is strange, isn’t it?”
“Who you are becomes what other people want to see. And nowhere is safe for you to relax and just be, without judging yourself, because part of your own mind is always acting the part of the people who you imagine might be judging you if they could see you. So you just pack it all away to avoid their imagined disgust.”
Dean had even shelled out for two boxes of expensive lights that had different settings, that he could switch via a remote control. He tried it now: the first setting was a soft glow, the second a gentle flashing, the third a raucous on-off-on-off that honestly hurt to look at a little bit - Dean quickly turned them back to the first setting. They were a tasteful golden colour, distinctively elegant. Dean switched the lights off, and reached for the second box. When he had these bad boys beaming out through his window, Castiel was going to be sick with envy. That handsome face of his was going to turn green.
“I knew you couldn’t do it. I
“Okay,” Dean said eventually, and reached out a hand, and picked up the envelope. He opened it, and slid out the photos. The stack was relatively small, Castiel could see out of the corner of his eye – and he tried to keep watching the view, but he found his eyes turning towards Dean, watching his expression as he flicked through the pictures.
“Mom,” Dean said, and took a step away from Castiel.
Dean swallowed. Cas had been thinking about this a lot - but why would he be thinking about it? He was already out, publically, wasn’t he? He didn’t have to hide himself away, everyone knew that he was gay. Why would something like this be on his mind? Maybe he wasn’t out to his family in Alaska, but it seemed impossible that they wouldn’t have picked up just one of the many magazines where Cas mentioned in an interview that he was gay.
Castiel can easily read that expression on Dean’s face. He’s seen it before, in other times, other places. The mixture of bravado and hurt and confusion had made sense when lives had been at stake and grand lies had been unfolding, but this – here, today, in among his roses and sunflowers, Castiel hadn’t expected it. Dean looks betrayed.
It was a clearing. Perfectly round, as though the trees had lovingly crept right up to the edge, and then stopped with their boughs reaching out. The ground had no leaves on it. The bare earth was a brown scar across the forest floor, a circular burn. And at the very centre of the clearing, there was a single tree.
“What is happening?” he heard Castiel say, and this time Dean didn’t bother to hide - just kept watching Castiel and the rest of his party guests looking on in perplexion and consternation. The lights switched from off, to frenzied flashing, and back to off again, Dean stabbing at the remote at random, now. He was snorting with laughter into his glove. This was better than being invited. This was where the real party was. Out here, in the cold, making them all hide their eyes and make stupid suggestions like breaking the remote control they had or trying it closer to the tree - or switching the lights off all together.
she texted back.
“It’s not like that.” Castiel moved off the wall. He needed space. Every second was a battle and with Dean so close, his resolve not to touch wasn’t holding steady. “It’s not for me. It’s for you.”
“Nah. No way.”
"What?"
“He’d immediately say yes,” Cas said without hesitation.
“Yes,” Castiel said. There was a pause.
Castiel nodded.
ready, wanted to see himself sing -
“Hey, it wasn’t so bad. I think Charlie saved it.”
“You look a little stiff,” Jo said, moving the ph
“Can’t I just do it all, now that everything’s like it is?”
When Castiel smiled, Dean’s world was brighter than the Christmas lights.
Cas shuffled his feet. “They always insist on staying with me, because they know I’m on my own if they don’t. But their family in Vermont never gets to see them that way. And Hannah never gets to go back to New York, Garth never goes back to California. I just thought… I don’t know. I feel bad about lying.”
“Dean –”
In a half-moment of wry realisation, Castiel realised that if he ever did go back to the city, he’d just had a small taste of what that would feel like.
Castiel feels his chest clench.
“More dark things?”
Dean wanted to say something, but kissing Castiel seemed to only shut his voice down harder. He felt so much. How was he supposed to talk? What was he meant to say? He bent down and retrieved his hat.
“Mr Oh, You Caught Me Holding My Mug Of Hot Drink That’s Not As Hot As I Am.”
“There’s something you’re not telling me,” Dean says. Castiel looks away, and Dean takes a step closer. “Cas,” he says. “I swear to god.”
Dean settled back into his seat. He could still taste chocolate and caramel.
“In the centre of the city,” Dean said, after a second.
“Castiel, listen. We’ve got a huge new job, up in Maine. Logging company wants permission to start work in a forest, they’ve got to involve the Forest Service, it’s a mess. Whole load of paperwork just came through. It’s the perfect time to apply, they’re desperate, the interns are having to take the brunt of it and none of them know the law like you do…”
“Going to find a revenant? I mean. Strange really depends on what your normal is.”
“Everything is,” Dean said. And then he left, leaving the door swinging open behind him.
Dean yawned widely. He’d been planning to have his tree completely decorated by morning, so that he could switch his lights on tomorrow and look smugly out over the neighbourhood. He was exhausted, though, and even though it was the weekend tomorrow, he was starting to get the old-man problem of not being able to sleep past his weekday wake-up time.
The song ended and the rest of the video passed by in a blur - Cas fading into the background and being cut out of shots, again, with his mask removed. Balthazar announced the winner, and Dean watched himself drop his head into his hands as celebration music played. It was too light and too joyful, when Dean knew he’d been far from happy - but everyone around him was smiling, everyone was clapping and congratulating him.
Two-legged beings, Castiel could see. Two legs, and seven-toed feet. Something had been in here and left prints that came from no creature of the natural world.
“That bad?”
“You can?” Castiel said, trying to sound as though he hadn’t been hoping Dean would offer, and apparently failing, because Dean gave him a bright knowing look.
“I just don’t wanna let you down, man. It took me so long to get my head right. I almost left it too late. And I don’t wanna… I don’t wanna let you down.”
“I understand,” Cas said, and the sincerity in his voice made Dean look up at him. He was looking across the room, not meeting Dean’s eyes.
–––––
And it was so easy, somehow, to picture Dean coming into the bunker's kitchen, pointing at Castiel semi-aggressively, and saying,
“Shit,” Dean said, shifting. “Don’t – if we’re not gonna, I mean – shit, Cas.”
The trees welcomed them, open-branched with leaves slowly moving in a light breeze. Castiel breathed in deeply, letting the smell of rich earth and sap and flowers ease the tightness in his chest just an inch. On either side of the path, among the ferns, he saw teasel and harebells growing. The summer had been a kind one, and the blossoms were still open and bright.
“Happens a lot,” Hannah said, shrugging. “I’m just really bad at time management and lunch is what always gets squeezed out.”
Was it bad? That really depended on how Sam felt about guys being into guys, and guys singing love songs to each other up on stages, with one of those guys being specifically Sam's own brother. Dean’s throat felt stuck. He wanted to hang up the phone. He wanted to hang up and drive away and go find Cas downtown and pretend that the whole world was completely still and safe and unchanging except for the two of them.
“I never thought,” she said. “I never… you’ve been friends for so long. I knew you were close, but I…” She breathed out. “I’ve spent too long thinking about Corelia and not enough time thinking about my son.”
She began to sing, and her voice was lovely: sweet, lilting, soft. Dean went still at the sound of it. She sang a little breathily, and her control wasn’t perfect, but she was young and Dean himself hadn’t been able to sing shit at her age - and the emotion she put into the melody changed it into something else, a different song to the one Dean had heard overplayed on the radio.
“I just thought I’d fit better this way,” he says.
“I’ve got an audiobook to listen to,” Hannah said. “I’ll be okay.” Castiel nodded.
“Everyone,” Castiel said, as calmly as he could.
“You shouldn’t.”
“You gonna stop them?”
“Well, it doesn’t have to be the Adele one if you don’t… what?” Cas asked, breaking off, a matching smile growing on his face.
He lowered it towards the floor, half expecting a clawed pale hand to whip out from beneath the bed frame and grab his ankle – but nothing happened. His foot reached the floor. He pressed his toes against the rug. It felt worn down and shabby, soft with dust.
Charlie patted his back.
“Oh. Okay. Well, shoot.”
Dean leaned down, and kissed him. Castiel chased the taste of his mouth, hands running lines across Dean’s bare upper torso – and then Dean pulled back, and got off the sofa.
“When I was speaking to the revenant, she said that the world has shapes for creatures like her. That she became what she needed to be.”
“Kinda lost my way with it,” Dean said into the phone, so full of feelings that he lost even the
“She can. When she isn’t in all that pain,” Castiel said.
Dean started to type out
“Because,” the man said. “I like your music, and if you don’t come with me, you’re probably not going to be listening to it again.”
“Uh, right,” Dean said. “Yeah.”
“Oh,” he said. “Did it… go okay?”
“Yeah, but…”
The moment wavered, tilted, balanced...
He settled for ducking his head to hide the slight smile he couldn’t repress, and the hurt that he knew had to be showing in his eyes. How did this feel so good and so bad all at once?
“What?” Castiel said, sounding more concerned than he’d meant to. But this man had burst into his kitchen and grabbed his hand and, so far as Castiel could see, had saved him from a waking nightmare. The last thing he wanted to think about was this same man going out to face that horror again.
But it didn’t. It
“It’s okay, just focus on breathing.”
Dean frowned as he took his seat beside the other auditionees. Jimmy? Who the hell was Jimmy?
She didn’t say anything. Her hands were still on his chest, his fingers still wrapped around one of her wrists. Castiel saw the confusion in Dean’s eyes, saw Dean searching his face over and over to try to understand what was happening. Castiel turned back to look at the revenant.
“What did you say your name was?”
Not exactly his best work, but he didn’t feel like penning a masterpiece. He just felt like singing about Cas. Man.
“But being married is supposed to make him happy,” Todd pressed.
Dean moved into Castiel’s space, and Castiel let him. For a long moment, they only came closer together by inches, breathing, not speaking. Dean smelled like cologne and underneath a hint of something darker, something from the city outside. And then their foreheads were pressed together.
“Oh. Maybe. I don’t know.” He frowned down at the ground. Maybe he hadn’t done enough. Maybe if he’d known he could have changed her, shaped her by believing something new about her, he could’ve helped her more. Stopped her pain completely, instead of just taking some of it.
“Did you hear that the fairies have moved back into my kitchen? Did I tell you that part?”
this way about other people. I thought we all just kinda went through the motions and hoped the feelings would follow, and sometimes they do and sometimes they don’t. Like, yeah, I’ve wanted to be with people before, I’ve been attracted to people before, had strong feelings before, but like. This is that, but in overdrive. Taken to the next level.” He waved a clumsy hand. “That’s not poetic, but whatever. You get it. It was like a lightning strike. And you know what they say about lightning striking.”
“My grace,” Castiel says. “You were asking where it was. It’s here.”
“Dean,” Castiel said, hearing the strain in his own voice. “It already has.” Dean turned around to look at him. Castiel took him in, Dean,
Cas walked out onto the stage. He, too, had brought along a Castiel mask and he was wearing it - covering the eyes and nose completely, it had large dark eye-coverings made of mesh so that the wearer could still see out, but no one could see in. It was decorated in Castiel’s instantly recognisable signature design; white feathers, clipped close in places and flowing long and fluted soft to the sides. Only his mouth was showing. There was a hood that covered Cas’ dark brown hair. If Dean hadn’t been able to recognise Cas by his clothing, there wouldn’t have been a way to know for sure who was under the mask.
Breaking eye contact, Dean took another sip of water and then set his water glass back down on the bedside table. Castiel watched him take a breath in, and then let it go.
“You didn’t see me?” Castiel said.
Again, Castiel said nothing. He could only agree with her. And it was too late for this realisation to matter.
“You are going to apologise to the Duchess of Someria for putting her through public humiliation so close to her wedding day,” the Queen said, as though she hadn’t heard.
He looked over at his own reflection. He looked good, didn’t he? Good enough? He tried to see someone he knew in the mirror’s faithful painting of the scene: a man in an expensive suit, in front of an even more expensive backdrop. The Underlight misery looked caught in his eyes, but the soft peak of his hair and the sleekness of his suit was all the Up’s glamour. The city, in her hugeness, was filling Dean up. She was his outside and inside. He felt like the filth in her belly, looked like the shine in her eyes. And where was Dean himself, in all of it?
––––-
He opened his mouth, drew in a breath – he thought he heard the press of wet white hands against the closet door – and then against his own lips was the press of a different palm. Dry, warm. The man looked fiercely into his eyes, and pressed harder.
Castiel took another sip from his mug, and then licked his lips absent-mindedly.
Castiel took too long to answer; Dean had turned to look at him by the time he said,
there are some pretty juicy rumours going around.” She raised her eyebrows. “Anything I should know about, as the person in charge of making sure the newspapers don’t publish your personal rock-bottoms for public enjoyment?”
“Uh, well, I need to get hold of a milkshake. And I found a place that’s gonna be open but I’m probably gonna be late for my first class, so I wanted to ask if you could maybe cover for me or get someone to do it…”
“It’s here.”
Six hours later when they arrived at the airport in Mariport, capital city of United Corelia, the weather outside the plane was beautiful. A soft dawn painted the sky outside the plane windows pink and orange with strands of purple cloud.
“Wait. What?” Sam demanded. “No, seriously, what? I’ve heard you sing, Dean, you’re… I mean…” He threw on the brakes, obviously struggling to find a kinder thing to say about what he thought of Dean’s singing than the first thing that had occurred to him. Dean nodded, as though Sam could see, and then said,
It was time to move. Dean pulled his hood up, hearing the soft hum of electrics as it engaged its cloaking tech. It was cheap stuff, only covering half his face, leaving his eyes unmasked - but that was good enough, when the streets down here were an eternal two-in-the-morning milky night. Good enough to hide his identity. To anyone looking, he was now just about an empty hood, face almost completely hidden.
He had to get to his car and change. He checked his watch, and then hissed through his teeth. There wasn’t time before class. Crap.
Dean swallowed, still taking in what she’d just thrown at him.
Of course Dean couldn’t sit next to him. They had a secret to cover up.
“I’m going to,” Dean said, a little more coolly.
Castiel came to a halt.
“No,” Dean said firmly. “I know this is the right thing. I just gotta stop thinking about it and do it. Giving me more time to think won’t help, I just gotta… yeah…
No counting her chickens before they hatched, but
“Dean? Dean, wait –” Castiel half-chased him out the room, Dean moving quickly, throwing the front door open and striding out of it. “Dean – what’s happening –”
“Look this way, kids!” one of the photographers called. “Awesome!”
They crossed over bridges, the turquoise canals beneath flowing slowly, bright and clear in the growing light before any boats sent ripples across their surface. They passed by buildings that Castiel knew like the backs of his own hands: the pub where he and Dean had had their first drink, along with Garth and Gordon and some of the other guys from school. The music shop where Dean had been spotted by the paparazzi and had given them a rendition of
“Already done,” Charlie said smugly, and then seemed to remember herself and added, “but thank you for the offer, your Highness.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says, and Dean’s face relaxes.
Castiel started to edge towards the knife.
“She… has a special way of showing she cares.” He gave a twisty kind of smile at Dean, and Dean was seized by a sudden and powerful urge to invite him to the Christmas party at Sam’s house.
“Oh no?” Dean asked, in a very different tone of voice.
“Insulin. Yeah. Duh. What, do you think I do this for spare change? I saw you use it last week when you came this way.”
“Whatever,” Dean let himself say, this time.
Castiel felt the word
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m gonna – unless there was anything else you, uh, needed to –”
“Is the line bad or something? I. Don’t. Care.”
He worked his way through the house, feeling a sensation growing inside him with every room that he vacuumed. Hearing the little bits of dirt rattle as they were sucked up, and seeing a swathe of clean floor where he’d passed. The sensation he felt was strange, like a warmth, a sun growing inside him. He started to hum as he worked. He thought about nothing but the cleanliness of the floor.
Castiel wanted to lean in and kiss him again, but he forced himself to use words instead.
“You should kiss me,” the stranger said again.
Was he in trouble? Maybe he was about to be.
“It is,” Dean promised. “You’ll see.” He thought for a few seconds, and then said, "Maybe we can heat up the apple juice."
Still, it hurt. There had been that shining moment of happiness, if a word as soft as happiness was even the right way to describe the feeling of absolute blazing corrosive joy that Castiel had felt when Dean had told him that his feelings were reciprocated. And now, there was just… silence.
“Just thinkin’.”
“I’ve only been there a few times, as you know,” Charlie said. “But it’s really beautiful.”
“No, it’s alright,” Dean just about caught someone say - a deep voice, less muffled by the glass than other higher voices. Castiel. “- got the remote here.”
“Yes,” Mary said. “You’ll go along with them, won’t you? I know you go back there often. I thought you could introduce Dean and Lisa to the children.”
As Castiel watched, he brought a finger to his lips.
“I am?”
He looked up at Dean. There was a look in his eyes like a dam ready to burst. Dean swallowed hard. Small things first. He held out the wallet.
The forest seemed calm tonight – no beasts sang or screamed to them as they sat in the fading orange-gold light.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Nearly.”
“Dean…”
to him, some deep and quiet thing like a song in a far-off room - the sensation grew, multiplied. Dean didn’t look like he was supposed to look, tonight. He didn’t look like Dean Winchester, the life of the party.
“Oh, yeah?”
“Right. Yeah.” Dean smiled a goodbye to the group, and followed Castiel away. They moved through the crowd, Dean in Castiel’s wake, and Castiel couldn’t help but catch a few speculative glances as they went. They’d all be proven wrong when Castiel returned a moment later looking unruffled, of course, but for just these few seconds when people were thinking there might be something about to happen between them, it was - it was a little thrilling.
A white box unfurled from the top of Castiel’s screen.
“You know what I mean. He’s dorky.”
“Before I say anything else,” Castiel said, “First, I should say… I’m sorry.”
“You’re telling me,” Dean replied.
If only Dean Winchester had half the reliability, the steadfastness, of the Hunter - but that was something he wasn’t thinking about, Castiel reminded himself angrily. He had been doing so well. Or perhaps he hadn’t, but he liked to think that he had been. And the organisation would
For a long, long while they sat in silence. Castiel finished his glass of whisky in a few more swallows. There was a sensation of see-sawing, of maybe. Possibly. Could be.
Dean didn’t look at him. His eyes were on the laptop screen, scrolling down through the pages of the legal documents.
Dean, sat in the library at the bunker, dropped the note Cas had left and picked up his phone. Practicalities. Just focus on the practicalities. He should at least make sure Sam had kept Cas up to date with the latest research about the artifact that might be hidden in Seoul.
“I walked from my home,” Castiel said, “instead of driving.”
“I mean,” Dean said, and then stopped, and then said, “I mean -”
“You’re really trying to tell me you’re, what – a spy? A fed?” Cassie asked. “C’mon, you can’t expect me to believe that. With that face?”
“It’s fine,” he said roughly.
Castiel thought he’d managed to make up his mind to stay. But this - this was - he couldn’t, could he? He couldn’t stay here. The creepiness that his mind was spinning up was one thing, but this was just unlivable in a purely practical sense. A sofa that looked like it had been hauled out of a junk yard, and a television out of the eighteen hundreds, at the minimum?
He cleared his throat. He should do some kind of intro, he know, like Kevin Tran had done; maybe mention that he was a total amateur, and that he had no backing track because he was - again - a total goddamn amateur, and that he was probably going to screw the whole thing up, because he was an absolute fucking goddamn amateur singer who had no place on an actual stage.
It was so lame that Castiel winced, expecting Lisa to brush Charlie off without even acknowledging she’d spoken – but to his surprise, Lisa got to her feet in a smooth movement and nodded, wordlessly following Charlie from the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What, so as far as you’re concerned this could be it, then, and that’s just how it is, is it?” Dean said.
and then caught himself, and paused. He bit his lip. His breathing had evened out since he’d started talking to Cas, but only because he’d distracted himself - not because he’d actually dealt with any of the things that were on his mind. If he stopped talking to Cas now, he’d be right back where he started. He needed to talk about what was going on with him, deal with it, or something.
Castiel swallowed. He’d think of a way round it. Say that they took the photos as a prank. Pretend nothing about it was real.
“You told me it was just gone,” Dean says, ducking his chin slightly to catch Castiel’s eyes. “Like it was no big deal. And now all you do is spend time up here, planting flowers. Not even trying to look for it. I don’t get it, man. And whenever I try to bring it up, you just say –”
“Well. You don’t know what a banshee sounds like. And I mean, I was going more for raccoon startled in the act of stealing from the trash,” Dean said, “but, uh. In principle, uh. Yeah, I guess? But lately I got to singing a bit around other people. There’s this bar, and… this guy I met, this, uh, this guy heard me sing there, and long story short, I’m singing in his concert in a week or so.”
Sunday.
Castiel thought, but
“But… how?” Castiel said. “Wh–
They were quiet for a moment. Dean battled against the anxious iron bands compressing his chest, melting them away with better memories from the day. Sam’s acceptance. The way he’d said he wanted to come and meet Dean, somewhere that wasn’t the Firehouse, somewhere new. Coming here, to meet Cas. Dean realised that as they’d ordered, he’d let go of Cas’ hand. It was still sitting on the table, not in the middle anymore, but far enough across to not quite look natural, as though Cas were hoping Dean might reach for him again. So Dean did, and this time Cas threaded their fingers together.
“That’s different. I’m your brother. You don’t talk about yourself like that. I told you before, everyone has baggage, Cassie. Dean would be lucky to have you.” Gabriel paused. “You are interested in him in a boyfriend way, aren’t you?”
Dean smiled when Cas laughed, but his attention had wandered.
“You’re really upset about this, huh?”
“You enjoy digital nipple stimulation,” Cas observed, his voice deep as Moria. “Do you also like oral nipple play?” He didn’t wait for an answer, redirecting his lips to one stiff peak, taking it in his mouth. Dean bucked upwards, mouth wet and open in a soundless cry.
. Clicked send.
Dean couldn’t move, helplessly under the thrall of the enigmatic man in front of him. He was vaguely aware that his pants were too tight, that at some point, he’d reached out and put his hands on Cas’ hips, thumbs dragging across the smooth cotton.
, yet. I think the role is too young for me. Please don’t tell the tabloids.”
Cas felt energized just by being in Dean’s presence; his longing for coffee long-forgotten. “Dean, you’ve got the most important skill down already. You want to learn. I can work with that.”
“Yeah, I make the dough and the sauce myself. It’s easier to make a bunch at once, and then I just vacuum-seal them and freeze them until I need ‘em.” Dean shrugged nonchalantly.
“Dean? Where’d you go?”
“You know I love Marvel movies and I’ve never seen Star Wars. You know everything important about me, Dean, and you still accept me. I want to extend a welcome to you at any time. I’d like you here whenever you’d like to spend time here. I have no secrets from you.” Cas stared into his eyes, waiting.
Weaving and rolling like a sailor on dry land, Cas bumped into the wall on the way to the kitchen, but managed to run the water and fill a glass. He drank thirstily and filled it again.
“Then who the hell ordered me organic friggin’ groceries?” Dean asked. He frowned and looked back into his well-stocked kitchen.
. “I’d prefer to cuddle first, if you don’t have a preference,” he said. Dean quirked his eyebrow as Cas used air quotes around “cuddle”.
Gabriel waited until the frantic breathing on the other end of the line calmed.
Cas hovered uncertainly in the backseat. “The fare…” he started.
“Will you call me this weekend, at least?”
, he thought. If he’d felt the air was stifling six blocks ago, it had nothing on the mood in the taxi now.
“Stop. I know what you’re gonna say, man. But trust me. You’ll be able to hold their attention, I’ve heard you speak. I’ll just move around whatever words you choose.” Dean bumped their shoulders together, leaning into Cas’s side with an easy familiarity.
“Of course I know. Tell me about your students. Have you forcefully made out with any more of them?”
“Thank you. It wasn’t until I spoke with Gabriel the next day that I determined where I had been at fault.” Cas’ voice lowered, slipping from smooth scotch to scotch over rocks.
“Bye, Jerk.”
“Thor’s good, too. Can’t go wrong with
“I think at the time, I thought that if I understood enough about accounting, I could have stopped my uncles and saved my father’s legacy. That’s ridiculous, of course. Even a prodigal ten year old – which I wasn’t – couldn’t have saved the business from two men bent on destroying it. But the older I got, the more I realized I have a good head for numbers. They just make sense to me. Arts and even Science are sometimes open to interpretation, but numbers are constant,” Cas explained.
“What?” Dean asked dumbly, just as the timer went off for the macaroni.
“Dean, seriously. What is all this? It’s too much for an hour of tutoring.”
His little rented house was always pretty tidy, but Cas still ran the vacuum and wiped down the coffee table with Lysol before his cuddle buddy’s arrival. He was drying his hands on a dishtowel when someone knocked firmly on the door.
“Dean? This is very strange behaviour for you,” Cas said gravely. He spun on his heel, took a swaying step to the side, righted himself, and sauntered into the kitchen, calendar in tow.
Dean raised his eyebrows.
Dean and Cas both froze, post-orgasmic bliss ripped away. Chuck Shurley’s voice sounded again. “I’m just out here taking a walk, you know, uh, doing my regular trip around the grounds, making sure all the campers are in their cabins, where they’re supposed to be, at this time of night. If someone wasn’t, uh, you know, where they were supposed to be, they’d have, um, about fifteen minutes to disappear before I come back past this spot. Just, uh, letting you know.” Footsteps crunched away in the woods as the counsellor departed, and the crickets resumed their nightly serenade.
“Doesn’t he have someone to cuddle him? A girlfriend? A boyfriend?” The
They stood together for several moments, Cas’ weight resting fully on Dean while he leaned against the door. When Cas did nothing but cling to him like a vine, Dean relaxed inch by inch, dropping Baby’s keys into his jacket pocket and tentatively stroking a hand up Cas’ back. Cas mumbled something against his neck and pressed even closer.
He pushed the lasagna around on his own plate, watching as Cas took his first bite.
Resting a hip against the counter, Dean looked up at Cas through his lashes. “Well this isn’t really a professional request, so I suppose I could counter-offer with my usual terms of payment. Thirty minutes to borrow your bathroom for thirty minutes of cuddling.”
“Dean.” Cas pushed against him, tangling his feet with Dean’s as he pulled away. Dean reached out a hand to steady him, but Cas slapped at it, nose wrinkling. “You’re not supposed to be here this evening. Though I suppose now that you’ve seen me like this, you might not want to return, anyway. It’s certainly not very professional to see your tutor in this condition.” Turning to the counter, Cas zipped up the gummy bear bag and shoved it into a drawer and out of sight.
“What? I just said he did, didn’t I?” Dean replied shortly.
“How? How will this work?” Frustrated, Cas thrust a hand through his long, dark hair. A slight breeze played with the ends, teasingly pushing it into his face.
“Come around back and take a look at her,” he said reluctantly.
Cas palmed Dean’s cheeks, holding his face still as sky blue met forest green. “I prefer the word ‘cautious’. Less dumb, less ass.” He licked his way into Dean’s mouth, using a hand fisted in his hair to hold him still for Castiel’s ministrations.
“Yes, exactly as I pictured it,” Cas lied. He moved his hands hesitantly up Dean’s back to grasp his shoulders. He tried valiantly to relax into the hug, while Dean shifted his weight again.
“I know. But I can at least rinse him off so he smells a bit better. Otherwise we’ll all have to listen to Bobby bitch tomorrow.” Dean uncoiled the hose with one hand, keeping the other firmly latched on Rumsfeld’s collar.
Charlie’s eyes softened. “Dude, you’re seriously one of the nicest people I know. I really doubt that you took advantage of anyone.”
“Hey, Jerk.” Sam’s face popped up. Books were spread in front of him, he’d obviously been studying just as Dean had.
. Lightly, gently, the pads of his fingers tracing endless patterns over Dean’s forearms. Dean swallowed, and tried not to react. Cas had a thing for touching, he already knew that. It’s why he was here, sandwiched between him and the couch. Just, usually, it was Dean doing the touching. He’d become good at convincing himself that platonic cuddling was a thing. That he was helping Cas. But this…. The fingers curling around his pulse points, dropping down to stoke the soft skin of his wrists… This was not comforting Dean at all.
“No, you said that you don’t need tutoring anymore. And that’s awesome, Dean. It means you’re really getting the concepts down without needing help. But that isn’t the same as saying he doesn’t want to see you again.”
Dean got up and headed into the kitchen to get a beer. “Yeah. This term and next term.” He raised his voice to ensue Charlie could still hear him. “I gotta get this. Bobby needs help with the books more than anything else.”
Dean slumped a bit again. “Yeah, it is. And that’s cool. I know I need to learn the books. Bobby manages everything manually right now, and there has got to be a better way to do it.”
as it struck the black-lacquered surface of the door.
He lost track of the movie, focused entirely on the sensations skimming through his nerves, leaving a hot mess in their wake.
Dean rolled his eyes and dropped his arms, allowing Cas to escape. He reached for the jar of flour that now sat on Cas’ counter. “C’mere and I’ll teach you how to make a roux.”
“Then I’m lost. What exactly happened?”  Charlie threw up her hands and glared at him.
? Bruce Banner hadn’t even made his first appearance when Dean cleared his throat. “Um, Cas?”
“I wasn’t planning on –“
Cas propped a leg up on the couch and leaned into his warmth. “Fine. Rudolph first. We can watch your movie second.”
The woman rolled her eyes above her mask. “I’m Meg.” She flicked out her hand and offered Dean a card.
A few minutes passed, the two men standing awkwardly together in the middle of the room. Dean said nothing, and Cas wasn’t sure what to say.
“Let go, Dean,” Cas licked his head again, tongue flirting with his slit. Dean sighed with pleasure.
“I get why the Riders of Rohan showed up but it makes no sense that they brought Gollum with them.”
Dean’s shoulders slumped and he sighed. “Right. A mistake. Won’t happen again.” He paused a moment. “Are you still comfortable with tutoring me? I could pay you. I mean, in cash. Depending on your rate. I might not be able to come every week, though.”
“I’d like you to get to your feet now. Go on, get up. All the way up.”
Dean tugged him down by the shoulders and smiled against his lips. “It might be an apt description, babe, but it’s funny as hell.”
“Sorry, I’m sorry. I didn’t sleep well last night.”
“While I appreciate your enthusiasm, I need a verbal yes or no, Dean.” Blue eyes glared down at him, colour high across Cas’ cheekbones as he waited for an answer.
Dean’s eyebrows rose. “Yeah, that’s a good idea. I know I’ve been out of school for a few years, but I feel like a whole generation has passed me by.” He shook his head. “Sometimes I feel forty instead of twenty-six.”
“A what?”
“Whatever. Not really relevant to the point, is it? So what did you do last night? Over-cuddle him?”
Unimpressed, he leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Like a tutor? Charlie, you know I’m not earning much right now. I can’t really afford tutor rates.”
“Nevermind. Romeo is interested in you, too, isn’t he?”
“Gabriel!”
Above him, Cas tilted his head a little. “Hmm?” He hummed, not really a word, but a question.
He pushed through the doorway as Cas stepped back, and started toeing off his boots. “Do you mind if I wash my hands real quick? I stopped to get some beer to go with the pizza. I really don’t like the sticky hand sanitizer that the beer store uses. It’s gross.” Without waiting for an answer, Dean moved down the hall to the little bathroom. Through the open door, Cas heard the water turn on, and humming. Was that
“Meguiar's.”
Any interest in a potentially Explicit timestamp?
“Condoms on the nightstand, Sweetheart? Is this my Christmas present?” Dean smirked.
“Yeah?”
Dean glanced sideways at him and rolled his eyes. “Just give me five minutes with some scissors…”
The knock surprised him, when it came. Pushing his notebook aside, he grabbed a mask from the small shelf near the door before opening it to find Dean on the other side.
Gathering his wits, Dean wondered if this was the weirdest conversation he’d held with Cas today, and wasn’t entirely sure. There had been that thing about Labradors smelling each other.
Cas slid a small gold package out from behind his back. It was slightly larger than a ring box, and wrapped with a green bow. He placed it in Dean’s hand.
“What? It’s just lasagna, dude. It’s part of our arrangement.” Dean fussed with laying the spinach noodles in a perfectly straight line down the casserole dish. He stirred the meat- and vegetable mixture with a fork before flicking the burner off. His extra sauce was already cooling in another pot, and the tubs of ricotta were next to a heap of shredded mozzarella.
“Where did you learn to cook?” Cas asked, while reaching for a knife from the block to cut the bread. Dean stepped quickly to his side, switching out a carving knife for a serrated knife and handing him that instead. Cas wiped the wet knife handle on the hem of his shirt.
“Yeah, I agree.”
Dean listened as Cas read Satan’s speech about arriving in Hell, the melodious words flowing smoothly from Cas’s mouth. While he might not have it memorized, he was clearly familiar with the text.
Heat licked up Dean’s face and blossomed across his neck. “Uh, hey – hey, Cas. Just a little while.” Nonplussed, he rubbed his hands over his thighs. In all the ways he’d thought this through in his head, none of them involved Cas stomping out of his house and getting into Dean’s car.
He murmured in appreciation and turned into Cas’ side when he lay back down. Cas was quiet, silently stroking Dean’s back.
Jody, who had been halfway around the table with one hand reaching into her pocket for her phone, froze.
Did they even have to run, Castiel wondered, at the same time as gut instinct threw him into matching Dean’s pace. Did they have to leave? What could anyone at the cathedral do to them? No one was going to force Dean to marry Lisa, not now the Queen had let Dean go. No one was going to punish them – what would they be punished for, under what law? And yet Castiel knew that there was nothing either of them needed to do more than to get away, to fling themselves around corners and down sunlit streets, drawing stares from passers-by and tourists as they ran and ran and ran. Together. Just the two of them.
“Yeah,” Gabriel said at once. “I mean, seriously, she cannot keep a lid on it.”
Cas looked at her, his cheeks turning red.
“Maybe just doing well,” Castiel replied.
“I…” Charlie wiped a hand over her face. “I didn’t get the text.”
“Cas. Seriously. It’s okay.” Dean smiled. “I can handle it.” He wasn’t sure why his confidence was deciding to make its appearance now, when any mention of his newfound fame had been constricting his breathing for the past few days - it was as though Cas being concerned for him, playing the role of the worrier, left him free to brush off the fear and be reassuring. Cas, however, looked unconvinced.
“Whatever. Stupid,” Dean said, but his tone was warm.
“Mmmm. Need to talk. About the. Thing,” Dean said. “Come to my room.”
“Not got fired in the first place,” Gabriel said.
Dean seemed to be about to say something, and then changed his mind and said,
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel said, pushing the door open. Inside Dean’s room, he saw Dean not dressed yet, wearing a luxurious bathrobe and sitting on his bed, legs stretched out, frowning at his phone.
Dean’s voice said suddenly in his mind.
“She’s friendly,” Castiel said quietly.
“Yes, Ma’am. I’ll be right behind you.” The idea of traipsing through the palace in the immediate wake of the Queen and her Crown Prince to apologise to Lisa was just a shred more than Castiel could bear. He needed a moment to gather himself in private.
Charlie frowned, and looked over at Castiel.
“I guess you never know until you know.” Dean looked over at her, and smiled. “But thanks.”
Dean pushed open the door, and was greeted by the familiar sight of the teachers’ lounge. Its little details seemed stark and strange to him as he glanced around – there was the water cooler, and the countertop with the broken toaster on it, and the assortment of chairs where a few other teachers were sitting and chatting – and there was the table where Castiel usually sat.
“Because?”
Armed with his makeshift weapons against the dirt, he set to it. Every surface he could find, he wiped down. The water in his pot was filthy within minutes, and the greater part of his morning was spent wandering to and from the bathroom, filling it up and pouring it away again and again as he worked through the rooms. Hallway, cleaned. Bannister, cleaned. Landing, cleaned. Upstairs bathroom, bedroom, cleaned. And – Castiel opened the door to the closet, and looked up at the spiders.
Dean stopped.
“Is that a joke?” Jo said with an uncertain half-smile. After another few seconds of tense silence, her face dropped. “Wait. Do you… seriously not remember?”
“No, I get it. You’re my brother, too.” There was a pause. “So just tell me.”
“Oh, man.” Dean shuddered dramatically, trying to take his mind off things by playing it up for Sam. “Think I repressed that memory.”
“Where were you?” Dean said, too happy to see him again to sound properly worried.
“I can’t believe we forgot Jo was even there,” Dean said, cutting into his thoughts.
He could put up a fight, insist on not going. But what else was he going to do? Mope in his own apartment? Mope here in the palace? Wander around the city, and mope? At least – Castiel looked down at the floor to control a sudden rush of feelings. At least this way, he got to spend the last night before Dean’s wedding with Dean. Make the most of the time they had left, when things still felt even a little bit possible – when they weren’t completely trapped and locked into their separate paths.
Dean moved another fraction of an inch closer. Castiel closed his eyes. His body was humming with a feeling that was familiar around Dean, but so much stronger than he’d ever felt it before – lines of heat running under his skin, thicker and tighter in the places where he wanted to be touched. The aching push to reach for Dean was overwhelming.
There was the longest pause yet.
The embarrassment wore off fairly quickly when they were a few steps down the road and Castiel realised Dean’s hand was still on Castiel, slid over onto his far shoulder so that they were walking next to each other with Dean’s arm around Castiel’s back.
“Lost in it?”
“You said on Friday that you’d be damned if Rowling being transphobic was gonna take every good thing about Harry Potter away from you." Talking was distracting Dean from the way his mouth tasted. "This
The second set of lights came with another remote. Dean inserted the batteries and then tapped it, just to check that this set of lights worked, too - and both sets of lights switched on. The ones from the first box, and the ones from the second.
Into the centre of his imaginings came a falling leaf of memory, spiralling down hushingly. The image of Castiel walking through the forest with Dean.
Of course it wouldn’t be, Castiel thought. This was Dean Winchester. He did things like this all the time, and it never meant anything. It was never significant. And Castiel - for him, it was different. He couldn’t let himself have - have time with Dean, like that. Dean reaching for him, chasing after the touch of his lips, had shaken him with happiness. If they spent a night together, whatever they did and however they shared their time, it would make him far, far too happy to bear losing it in the morning.
“Yup,” Dean said. There was an ever-deepening pit of nerves in his stomach. Somehow, just being up here behind the microphone again made it real; he was actually going to have to go up onstage in front of thousands of people, and sing into a microphone just like this, and it was going to have to sound good, and -
Cas was definitely watching him from the back of the room.
“The world is bullshit,” he said. Charlie rolled her eyes. Balthazar, who was walking past their table, said,
“Well,” Sam said, “enjoy yourselves.”
He could still feel the way Castiel had first brushed his lips against Dean’s. The way it had sparked shivers that had chased up Dean’s back, fanned out over his shoulders, the intensity of it, the suddenness, the - the
, she said, but softer.
“Think they’re in there?”
“I have to go,” he said, standing up abruptly. “Thank you for the tea.”
Dean waved her off.
Castiel paused in the doorway. He watched Dean take in his clothes with a quick up-and-down glance.
“Shit,” he murmured to himself as he pushed through them. “Shit, shit, shit, shit, fuck -”
Castiel wanted to say.
Past tense? He wanted to ask it, wanted to ask it, wanted to ask it -
Dean turned his head to look at his brother, keeping walking. Sam was wearing Dean’s coat, swimming in it, the hood pulled up and the elastic tight so only the round circle of his face was visible. It was nearly funny, but they hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and the humour was shaved off everything.
“Actually,” Dean said, and he was surprised to find the little rough shake back in his voice. When was the last time he'd actually tried to talk to someone about how they'd upset him? And then he realised it had probably been today, earlier, on the phone with Sam, and he felt exhausted. But Cas had looked up, and his expression seemed gentle enough. Dean cleared his throat. Apparently, today was a day when he had to do a lot of talking. He was going to take tomorrow off. “Actually, it's kinda been on my mind that you were so mad at me yesterday. And that you were gonna walk out. Like, you didn't wanna talk about it with me at all. And then, that just felt like the same thing, where I brought up the ace thing again. Like you don't wanna talk. It feels like… I mean, you know how I feel about you being ace, but that doesn't mean that I won't ever have questions, or like, wanna just talk about it with you, and… I mean, I wanna do right by you whenever I can and sometimes I won't automatically know how to do that, and the only one who knows that is you, but if I can't ask you then I won't know, you know? And maybe I'll fuck up and get it wrong or ask the wrong thing and I wanna be told when that happens and I wanna learn and apologise but I just… if it's this thing where it feels like if I bring up this or that topic, you could walk out, like, forever… then I'm gonna just be sitting here not wanting to ever say anything.”
Anything he wanted to do about what? A bar?
His stomach’s protests turned into riots. He hunched over, messy.
“Ouch.”
vest. Yeah, Dean’s own wardrobe hadn’t been the freshest in multiple senses recently, but it wasn’t sweater vests.
“But I want… I mean, we can still be friends,” Dean said.
If it were Heaven, the peach rose would be in bloom, not straggling all green and leggy and ungainly through the picket fence that Castiel put up to help it grow.
“I was trapped in a lot of ways. I’m sorry I reacted by lying. I wish I hadn’t done it.”
He didn’t even read that one over again before deleting it. He made another face, and then quickly typed and sent,
If he left, would he ever come back? Castiel wasn’t sure. But it was beside the point, because Castiel knew he wasn’t leaving. Nothing that happened at the ceremony could hurt as much as the idea of Dean looking around for Castiel, and finding him gone.
“One more for the road,” Dean said, and leaned in and stole one last kiss – or was given one, really, with the way Castiel held him steady and kissed him soundly.
So, Castiel had heard his attempt at being inspiring. The walls were starting to cave in. Dean thought he could hear the cries of demons welcoming him into hell.
He looked like he was experiencing a pain that he wanted, or a pleasure he was afraid of. He looked so open. He looked...
“Did someone make you?” Dean demands. “We can go and look for them, we can –”
He swallowed.
at me.”
Castiel followed Dean back inside, his heart pounding, stomach swirling. Not even two whole days, he thought. They hadn’t even been able to keep their secret for two whole days in the city.
“I’m sorry,” Gabriel said.
Could he pretend he hadn’t heard Dean’s request? Yes, he could. But it was just a knock at the door, after all. Castiel got up off the bed, fidgeting self-consciously with the way Dean’s clothes sat on him as he went over to the door.
“I don’t know him. But if he’s anything like you, I don’t think he’d want you to live somewhere with so little of who you really are in it.”
“Oh,” Sam said, “crap… sorry.” He signed
“Did you figure out if he likes you?”
“Well, well, well. It’s my Maine man.” Gabriel paused for a half-second.
“You seem confused,” Castiel said. “I don’t completely understand why.”
“Fuck,” Dean said, but lightly, and it made Charlie snort.
Dean went silent.
“Mm?” Dean turned to look at Cas, realising too late that his cheeks were full of cookie and he probably had crumbs around his mouth. He blinked at Cas, who just watched him for a second - and then Cas’ shoulders seemed to relax, and his expression changed into something that looked almost like resignation, which Dean couldn’t understand.
“What happened?”
He’d texted Dean right after reading it.
So that means, no one knows except us.”
“I don’t want both,” Dean said in a rush. “I don’t. I just want –”
Words just wouldn’t come out. There was a long silence. Dean didn’t know where to look. If he gave the wallet back, would Castiel just leave again?
Dean said,
smug.”
“And more,” Charlie added. Cas was frowning.
“Did you mean what you said about unfinished business?”
“Look, I just want you to talk to me,” Dean said.
And now Dean was twenty-one years old and stepping out into the brisk air of a winter evening, with his head a little light from the drinks he’d had in the bar at his back.
“It’s fine,” Dean said, and then didn’t say more.
“Hey,” said Anna, peering round Dean to see Cas. “I don’t think we met.”
“Are you okay?” said someone behind Dean, and he waved them off.
“Oh, no… but it’s so pretty here! My mom brings my nana every Sunday for tea in the public gallery…”
Dean blinked, and the movie had started. He’d totally spaced out, thinking about Castiel. And as he tried to concentrate, he found it just kept happening. He’d be getting into the flow of the movie, getting lost in it as he’d always been able to every time he’d watched it up until now, and then – then Castiel would move slightly, and Dean’s brain would produce a series of exclamation marks and a detailed flashback to the exact same moments, milkshake moments, over and over. And he wanted to be mad about it, but he just couldn’t be, because thinking about Castiel felt so good. It felt even better than watching Tombstone.
“New York,” Castiel said automatically, and then, “well. Not always. But I worked in New York.”
“You never were one to do the thing that makes sense.” All that stopped Castiel from snapping back was the barely-there note of pride in his voice.
"What was he doing, attacking the door like that with a kid behind it?"
Dean wanted to hit something. This – what was happening? Castiel – he’d read Dean’s messages – he’d sent those messages back the same way – but now it turned out Castiel still felt the same as he had in college, he still didn’t want to date Dean. How could he? Surely when he’d sent those messages, he’d have known what Dean would think?
“They’re still married,” Jody said.
"And you don't know better than to pick a fight on your college campus?"
She opened her latest message: a picture from Dean. A selfie of Dean himself and Castiel, with their faces touching so that they could squeeze the Eiffel Tower into the background of the picture.
“Cas, hey,” Dean said, trying to sound natural, “hey, sorry, didn’t see you there. Thought you'd come from the parking lot.”
Castiel smiled that little smile of his.
“Uh. Sure,” Dean said, and Castiel cleared their plates into the kitchen sink before leading Dean out through the hallway and into the living room.
They all sat and watched him go, threading his way through the crowd. Charlie slurped her lemonade.
“You say, like I’m gonna let you pay.”
“Cas,” Dean said gruffly. “I want to be married to you.” He swallowed hard, his eyes looking full. He opened his mouth, and then closed it and pressed his lips together and swallowed again, mastering himself before saying, “It’s only ever been you.”
‘cause it gave you a ten, and obviously you’re… I mean, that’s… that’s about right,” Dean said. God, he was so awkward – but somehow, judging by the look on Castiel’s face, it was actually working. “Anyway. Yeah, it was never even really a thing.”
The man reached up a hand, and without looking, held it underneath the spider that had rappelled from the ceiling. The spider touched his hand with the tip of one of its legs.
“It was so comfortable,” Lisa said. “I loved it. And so clever, how it runs on clean energy.”
“I’ll screw everything up if I don’t.”
“Fucking
“What’s wrong,” Castiel said.
Castiel eyed Dean’s milkshake suspiciously.
“Amazing. And -”
It’s said in a way that makes Castiel want to believe he’s asking for all the things Castiel wants to give.
“So… you can probably just forget about the whole thing, right?”
It all came crashing through him at once.
She sounded almost nervous, and Dean lifted his head. His first, most horrible thought was that Charlie had somehow orchestrated the whole thing as a prank – that Castiel didn’t really want to date him, and it was all some huge joke – but no, that would be wild –
“Hounded?” Dean said. “Even with the whole mask… thing? No one knows what he looks like, do they?”
“I don’t wanna rain on the parade,” Charlie said, but Dean shook his head.
“It’s hard for any of us to see things, sometimes,” Cas said. “What we need others to see in us, sometimes we hide it.”
“And you do so much good. The trains, and the parks…”
“Fuck,” he said softly. He put a hand on his stomach, suddenly, and closed his eyes. “Oh, god. I do not feel good.”
–––––
Castiel considered Dean for a half-second longer than was polite. Dean could sense the rest of Castiel’s little group watching him, probably keen for some drama. Dean and Castiel together usually meant drama, after all. Somehow, at every party, conversations always turned into arguments that barely managed to scrape politeness. And those blue eyes seemed to cut through Dean’s persona, see the Underlight in him and not like it, not trust it. The closest they’d ever come to a decent talk had been the one time they’d ever been alone together, when they’d been up on the balcony at some party somewhere, and they’d talked about how difficult it was to know what to talk about, sometimes. And even then, Castiel had escaped as soon as he could.
He took a step forward.
The wall was made of Corelian stone. It didn’t so much as dent under the impact. Castiel stood breathing heavily for a moment, his expression twisted with anger and surprise at himself, and then cupped one hand with the other. His fingers throbbed, immediately painful, the knuckles coming up red as he watched.
“Where even are you?” Sam said, as the music from onstage boomed louder.
The way Dean coloured ever so slightly - Castiel was caught between admiration and a scoff. Did Dean really have any shyness left? Surely someone with a reputation like Dean’s had to be past that by now. Castiel couldn’t imagine there were a great deal of people here who hadn’t known the pleasure of Dean’s company in some way or other, over the last few years since he’d joined Harmony building’s party scene.
“Dean,” Castiel said.
His fingertips brush the tightly closed buds, the sharpness of the thorns. Castiel lets that want for his grace rise up in him, unafraid of the feeling now that he knows it can be acted on. He closes his eyes, and feels for his grace.
They knocked and then ducked away out of sight, round a corner.
Castiel breathed out. He took out his phone, and pulled up his emails, and read back over the email he’d drafted to send to the lawyers. It was a reminder of the reality of his situation. No lecture-hall break-out and then make-out sessions. Nothing all that deep between them, not on both sides. No importance to the look on Dean’s face, just now. They were just two people who’d made a mistake, and were getting it fixed through the proper channels.
“I said, I don’t want you to leave.”
Charlie waved a hand at him.
Dean’s expression seems, with just the smallest of looks in his eyes, to break apart. He holds onto Castiel’s hand and says nothing, doesn’t move.
“Then –”
Denial confirmed, Castiel thought.
For a second, eyes closed, Dean let the memories of those times wash over him. The thrill of being around a guy he liked, the ache of self-hatred, the certainty that his parents were going to find out and punish him - the occasional reckless risk he’d take, almost begging to be caught, begging to be punished. And in the midst of it all, Sam, uncomplicated, his brother. His best friend.
“But can you be happy with him? Like, will it be enough for you?” Charlie pressed.
“I like the quiet,” he said instead. He came to stand at Dean’s shoulder.
“Uh-huh. Well, then. You know, I didn’t realise this place was so new,” Hannah said, looking around the bar. “Just over a year old, you said?”
“You don’t think he’ll, say, pretend to be really enjoying the job, and keep spending loads of time on the job, and definitely seem like he’s ready to start doing the job on a more permanent and exclusive basis, and then suddenly have a one-eighty and decide not to do the job at all?”
“The only reason I haven't already reported you as a vigilante,” the Angel growled, “is because you told me we’re out here for the same reasons. To help people.”
“I don’t know…”
“Good,” Castiel said.
“I want,” Castiel said, and then swallowed hard. “I want to see… I want to see you.”
For a while, he just stared at the phone. It lay, innocuous and silent, on the dash. He could make out the thumbnail of the video - a shot of Castiel in his mask, blown up to be full-screen - and a white triangle in the centre that he could push to make it play.
“A broken clock is right twice a day,” Charlie said, which Hannah seemed to find very funny. Dean met Cas’ eyes and shrugged slightly; Cas took another good-natured sip of his drink. There was the sound of applause as Ash moved into the crowd to choose another victim. Dean opened his mouth, about to suggest that he and Cas could go up to the bar, or go get some air, or something - but those claps and cheers were coming closer, and Dean turned to see Ash heading straight for them all over again, his eyes fixed on Cas.
“But –”
“Do you need a stop, sir?” asked the driver, Hannah. Castiel didn’t bother to look at them before answering.
“No. It’s alright.” Castiel set down his milkshake in his cupholder. “I feel like a mess, too. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
“Nah. You can tell me about all your shit whenever, like I said. But you’re never gonna owe it to me. I mean it.”
, ready. He leaned in, and pecked the guy on the cheek. It was a brief, dry kind of kiss, a lot less nice than the
Castiel switched over to his emails. He’d avoided checking them for the past few days, knowing that he probably wouldn’t like what he saw – emails from Angelus finalising his termination, emails from coworkers pretending to show concern and really just fishing for details on what had happened. Sure enough, there was a whole litany of condolences in his inbox. He scrolled through them, an expression of distaste on his face, as he wandered through from the kitchen towards the living room, holding his bowl of cereal.
Just being inside it, Castiel felt himself breathing out. He was here. Dean was here. Things were bad, but they could be worse.
“Great. Well. Okay. And the other thing is, uh. Something I think you know about, but, uh. I thought I should probably warn you?”
Some of the wound-up energy, the anger and the confusion, seemed to ebb at Cas' undefensive softness, his agreement. Dean breathed out, watching Cas, still grappling with it all.
“Maybe we can go to a bar again some time,” he said. “Doesn’t have to be the Firehouse. Any bar you want. And just hang out. And we can talk about... what you’ve been up to.”
Rather than going up those stairs right now, Castiel thought, he would have preferred to perform a one-man sword-swallowing show to a crowd of a thousand hostile grizzly bears plus everyone from his old law firm. But worse than going upstairs would be not going upstairs, and trying to unpack his things and cook his dinner with that empty space being filled up in his head by the worst his imagination could throw at him.
“I just called to talk, actually,” Dean said.
“That’s because I did,” he said. “Handstand.” And when he saw that Castiel was trying not to laugh, he began walking his right hand up and down. “Yeah. Look at that. I learned that.”
“Of course,” she said. “I’ll just – uh – yeah.” She moved to squeeze past Castiel, who shifted around her as she moved and then flattened himself to the wall so that Dean could fit in with him behind the curtain. Jo made little noises of polite, embarrassed humour as she and Dean were briefly squashed together, and then she whisked the curtain closed behind her.
For a few seconds, they just stood there - the two of them looking out over the front yard. Dean wasn’t sure what to say.
Castiel nodded, and stuck his straw into the cup, and leaned over and took a sip. He got another little drip of shake on his lower lip, which he licked away as he pulled back.
“But I’m –”
“I liked some of them,” Castiel argued.
“Oh, no. Like, two?”
“Shut the hell up,” Dean said.
“Anna Celeste,” he said. “So, you’d be the Anna Celeste whose signature is on the contracts surrounding this project, then.” Castiel said.
How had Castiel missed it? How had he believed so hard that Dean was human that he’d managed to make Dean actually
Castiel wasn’t sure how to answer, so he just said,
“If something is wrong…” Castiel says.
“Awesome,” Jody said. “Alright. Get up on that stage. I don’t need you to sing yet, I just wanna walk you through your paces on the stage so that you don’t have to think about it twice on the night. I want it seamless, okay?”
“Really?”
So here they were, the two of them, with no story and no defence.
Dean had said so, Castiel remembered suddenly. Dean had said one person’s belief could shape a creature. Like a strong wind instead of the still air always around them.
Dean Winchester again. The press of his lips, and then the look in his eyes when he’d so flippantly said,
“It’s fine,” Castiel said again.
Dean snorted.
“I didn’t even know her too well,” Dean said. “Met her a couple of times, that’s all. But seeing what it did to Sam. He just closed up. Even to me. He got so dark. And then came…” His voice wavered, and then he carried on louder and deeper than before, obviously trying to sound tough. “The revenant came. I didn’t know it was her. I thought maybe it was something that had come to feed on Sam. Dark feeding on dark. But all this time, it was her…”
“My dear,” the Queen began, but she was interrupted.
He saw someone who was half-free, and half-bound. He could leave the house and walk around without being chased and harassed, but he couldn’t publicly own a whole part of his identity as a singer and a talented musician. He was out, but out as gay, not as gay asexual. His mask left his face half-uncovered and half-hidden, and that was Cas' life all the way through - open, visible, genuine, but only up to a point.
“Good,” Castiel replied, and it wasn’t much of a comeback but his tone made Dean look over at him. Castiel looked back, his eyes sharp.
“I want you all to take out your copies of the book, and read for three minutes. It doesn’t matter how far you get. I want you to get a taste for the style, if you haven’t had one already. Your time starts…” Castiel checked the watch on his wrist. “Now.”
Dean looked down at the ground.
“Hey,” he said. “Hi. Thanks for stopping.”
“Better than alright,” he said.
Dean’s head dropped. He leaned a little into Castiel’s touch.
Without another word, Dean swung back the curtain, and left.
Come one, come all!! Time for chapter seven!! :D The next one will go up next Friday, the 24th of May. I'm so excited to be sharing this story and I'm loving doing weekly updates, I'm so glad y'all are following along. See you next week!! <33
“Come on,” Castiel said. “Surely not.”
“Well, next time try texting me that you’re sleeping in a different room, instead of just telling me you’re back at the hotel,” Charlie said. The relief was still coming off her in palpable waves. “You know I promised to give you more space this weekend, and I left you alone all last night, but it was on the understanding that you’d text me updates, and…” She paused, her eyes narrowing at Dean. “You aren’t listening right now, are you.”
He thought Dean was a ten-chili guy. And ten-chili guys could kiss their crush in the rain.
That was something Dean could do that was simple and it was right. Before he could think too hard about it, he strode down the row of seats and hurried towards the theatre exit. He gripped the wallet hard in his hand. Castiel couldn’t have got far. Dean would just give it back to him, and then - and then if it looked as though Castiel wanted to hear his side of things, then he’d just say some stuff. Something. He’d say something. He didn’t know what. What could he say?
The scene seemed familiar enough: the grand dining table in the Mariport Palace’s relatively modest breakfast room for daily use was dressed with the usual bouquets of flowers in glass vases, and places had been set with white plates rimmed in gold. The cutlery sparkled in the sunlight that flowed through the tall windows and the door that led out to the terrace, and at the head of the table sat the Queen, looking relaxed in an open-neck collared shirt and her hair set in a loose wave.
“Well, before I had any of that, I had you,” he said, each word a curt blow. “I had this. And if it means nothing to you, then you should just tell me that.”
Someone up ahead left their building, the old-fashioned door swinging behind them. They were wearing a cloak, and no facemask.
“Scared?”
“It’s just a picture,” Dean said. Castiel stood silently by his side. He knew better than to try to intervene.
The little Dean on the screen moved, finally. He grabbed for the microphone and whipped it around to face the side. That was right, Dean thought, he remembered turning to find Cas, to sing to him. The camera shot switched to a view from the wings, over Cas’ shoulder and out onto the stage, zooming in on Dean’s face as he looked at Cas.
When he opened them, he saw her.
“Me too,” he said. “I really didn’t know if you’d come.”
“But,” Charlie said, “he did say yes to you in the first place, and if I’m honest, he’s been clearly checking you out all year.”
Without words, Castiel nodded.
Castiel huffed a little laugh.
Dean looked morosely across the room to where his lights were sitting on the floor, with their remote controls beside them. A pity that he had no use for them, now. He’d have to donate them to the nearest thrift shop, or see if he knew anyone who wanted them. Strange, how the remote control worked for both sets.
“But if Charlie knows,” Dean said, “my mom will find out. She always does.”
Cas nodded. His lips were tight, now, and his eyes slid away from Dean’s.
“You should.”
They were talking. And then one of them – the one with lighter hair – threw his head back and laughed at something the darker-haired one had said. One of them pushed the other, and then it turned into a mini-wrestling match, until at the same time they both seemed to lose their balance. They yelled, and didn’t reach for the wall to steady themselves, but didn’t accept their fate and fall – they reached for each other. Grabbed for arms, shoulders. Somehow managed to balance themselves.
“You took it out. What would you do that for,” Dean says. When Castiel doesn’t reply, he reaches out and puts a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “Hey,” he says, the word harsh enough to compensate for the touch.
Dean found his eyes searching in the dark, and couldn’t fight them, couldn’t tell what they were doing soon enough to be able to stop them looking right into Cas’ eyes as he sang,
“Sorry,” she said. “It’s not funny, really. It’s just – you should see your faces. Okay, so, uh, here’s the thing, guys. When you get married, you need witnesses, right?”
Dean walked away, and Castiel tapped in the number for the
As the plane started to roll forward, Castiel lifted up his phone again and tried to concentrate on his draft.
“Right,” Charlie said disbelievingly. “You think I haven’t noticed your tasteful curtains? The counterpane on your bed?”
“What’s wrong?” he said.
Castiel closed his eyes again. The tears were flowing so hot that he thought they could be blood.
“Hungry?” Dean said.
“Christ. International superstar, and you’re calling him
“What did you get me?”
Hotness was a game, Dean thought, and maybe today he was winning.
He dropped his shoulders, and breathed out.
Dean shrugged.
Thirty minutes later, sweat pouring down Castiel’s forehead, it was over.
Dean shook his head. It was this kind of stupid wishful thinking that got him into trouble. Before his last break-up, he’d been so ready to commit, he’d imagined it all out – it hadn’t even felt like imagining, he’d been so sure. If he could just have remembered that he wasn’t owed any happiness and the world definitely wasn’t going to give someone like him any of it for free, then things might have been okay.
Because they had no means to pay for it, Dean also reminded himself.
That’s the name of the song.” Dean took to the stage, feeling an odd sense of familiarity mixed with total dissociation; this was the place where he sang, where he always sang, and this was also something completely new - singing so that someone else didn’t have to. Singing because there was someone out there in the crowd who he cared about in a way that felt different. Singing with barely any drink in his system, relatively speaking. Singing country, for crying out loud.
this. Dean pulled his legs a little wider, asking for closer touch. Castiel felt his pants tightening.
It was a start. Dean sat and watched
“Oh, Castiel is going back to Alaska,” Jody said. “First time in a long time.”
“Listen,” Dean said, just as Castiel said at the same time,
“Because… that’s where letters go?” Castiel said, sounding unsure of himself. “Isn’t it?”
“Yeah. Whatever. I don’t care. I care that you lied, that’s all.”
“What?”
“Of course,” he said.
“What…” He licked his lips. His mouth was so dry. “What was that thing?” he asked. He couldn’t have spoken above a whisper if he’d wanted to.
“I was thinking,” he said.
The part of Castiel that remembered being without pain thought of every story he’d ever heard, every cliche he’d ever rolled his eyes at, that showed hurt people pushing other people away. The memories of his eye-rolling felt naive. The pain ringing through Castiel, every grinding nerve and aching part of him, agreed with the revenant.
Castiel reached up his hand, and ran his fingertips along the length of Dean’s cock.
“Urgh.” Dean made a few faces in quick succession and swallowed with obvious distaste, before reaching over to his bedside table and grabbing for the glass of water there. Castiel remembered belatedly that Dean had always had more trouble with long hangovers.
"Hannah?" came a voice from inside the shabby apartment - Castiel could just see a slice of the interior and a little of the criminal's, Hannah's, face as they bent down to retrieve the medicine.
“It’s okay. I can talk. So,” he said. “Uh.”
Castiel pulled out his phone. He got so few emails that he knew who it would be from. Sure enough, the sender’s name stood out in the bold letters of an unread message:
“Great,” Dean grunted shortly. He felt like garbage and the last thing he wanted to be thinking about was a bunch of people on campus checking him out and getting judgemental about it. Charlie had been dead on earlier with the no-shower thing, a low even for Dean. If the chili peppers were really back, Dean’s were going to take a nosedive today, and given how he smelled it would be pretty appropriate for noses to be involved.
“It’s up to you,” Jody said. “You can take it away and get it read by a lawyer if you want. The first one is an NDA, so you can’t reveal Cas’ identity in public without us sueing the ever-loving crap out of you.” Jody smiled charmingly. “And the second one is just waiving your right to the footage we took at the audition, giving us permission to upload it, that sorta thing.”
Things he might be able to do.
It took twenty-three minutes for Cas to extricate himself from the group of excited singers, turning away with promises to be back soon, and giving Dean a brief significant look as he walked away. Dean considered, for half a second, simply leaving the theatre now and not looking back - but his feet were already walking him after Cas, following him backstage.
“Yeah,” Dean said, in a tone of voice that gave no quarter to this being big news. “So what are you gonna do about it?”
Dean thought. But he couldn’t just tell her that. He cleared his throat.
Dean’s smile was widening.
“The contracts that you had drawn up, since the logging company your law firm represents doesn’t actually own this land. This is state-owned land, that you’ve been contracted to clear.”
Dean looked over at Castiel, who glanced helplessly back.
“You hungry?” Dean said. And Castiel blinked, and Dean’s legs looked just how he’d expect them to look for a man standing in front of his house and asking such a normal question.
“I could.” It comes out more direct and harsh than Castiel intended, and Dean’s grip tightens.
There was something wrong. That tone, just two stark words – something wasn’t right. Castiel scrolled back up their conversation. Had he accidentally said something rude? He couldn’t find it, reading the texts over and then over again. He’d used emoticons to show that he was happy. Had they seemed sarcastic?
Dean drew in a breath.
“Wait - you know?”
Dean dropped his head onto Castiel’s shoulder, and laughed.
“Well, sure. Hit me.”
He meets Dean’s eyes silently, asking a question.
“Hello,” Castiel said in return. The waving boughs of the trees looked friendly, sweet with green leaves. “I don’t suppose you know where Dean is?”
“Oh, sure, hon. Everything OK?”
there. What if he was lonely, and no one was there?
“And finally,” said Jody, “we have Jimmy Novak.”
That damn mask. Dean could understand why Cas wore it - if he didn’t, they wouldn’t be able to sit here in this diner without pre-arranged security in case any paparazzi or fans showed up and wouldn’t leave. The mask gave Cas freedom. And yet - Dean looked across the table at Cas, and he didn’t see someone who was totally free.
“Thanks for telling me. About all of it.” Dean felt the wraparound iron bars constraining his chest ease their hold a touch. Whatever Sam thought about Dean’s singing, he was okay with Dean being bi, and that was the bigger battle. Everything else was a side-note to the main event.
Castiel stopped short.
“I don’t know,” Charlie said, and Castiel watched her bottom lip tremble for a second before she turned away to compose herself. Beyond her, Castiel could see that her place was a mess. She wiped her eyes, still facing away from them. “You, um –” She sniffed. “What, um, what were you both doing holding wedding rings, anyway?”
He looked to Dean.
“A dragon?” Cas said, sounding pleased, and then tempered it with, “But a little one. With wings that are a weird shape.”
“Dean, that’s – why would he do that? You like each other! So…”
“I –”
“He still has it,” Castiel said, pointing it out.
“Spiders,” the man said. “The webs. They’re a ward against her. Not the strongest, but enough to turn something dark away for a while.” Castiel looked up. The thick blanket of cobwebs was silvery in the gloom, speckled with its dark long-legged weavers. “But it’ll be called back by signs of life. Movement, light. Sound. We need to find the stronger wards. It’s probably just for dark things but they might push me out, too. But you’ll be safe inside.”
“I’ll go down to the chapel,” Castiel said. “I’ll undo it. Don’t worry.”
He walked through to the kitchen and opened the fridge. Everything was just as he’d left it, no milk left to go bad because he’d thought ahead before leaving and had two big bowls of cereal the night before the flight to Las Vegas, to finish it off. He hadn’t been expecting to stay at the palace, though, and his yoghurt was out of date. He took the pot and threw it into the bin.
“Where are you walking?” Sam asked.
He tried not to feel too bleak at the thought.
“I’ll let you be,” Donna said, and made a tactful retreat. She left and unlatched the door from its hook on the wall as she passed by; it filled the seconds as it closed with a long, drawn-out creak.
His eyes narrowed.
said Castiel’s common sense desperately.
When he thought of the city, and his life there, the ache in his chest was quiet. Yes, it made him feel hollow with sadness to think of his old job, and the people he’d used to help. But hollowness was space. And space was a place to put something. Or perhaps just a place to sit and listen to, sometimes.
But over time, it had become a home for Dean and Castiel just as much as the cars. The nearer half of the barn had walls that were scrawled over with their graffiti over the years, and had a huge beaten-up old sofa that felt bigger even than the Pontiac when they sat on it. Dean kept the place spotlessly clean and well-kept to make sure that his cars were in top condition, so there was no sand on the floor or draughty holes in the walls. There was a cooler for beers, and a lockbox for snacks, and the wide-open sliding door looking out onto the sands and the sea for a view. When things had been too claustrophobic for Castiel at Saint Crispin’s, or too formal and overbearing for Dean at the palace, this was the place that they’d come to.
“Castiel,” Dean said, and then closed his eyes.
agreed Dean’s head, begging him to move, to sing, to speak, to do anything at all.
The drive was quiet. They fell into an easy kind of silence, neither of them feeling pushed to fill it with superficial talk or awkward chatter; Dean could tell that Cas was lost in his own mind somewhere, and let himself, too, be carried out by the tide of his thinking. He lingered over memories - Cas looking at him, holding up the packet of Oreos. Cas taking his phone back, looking bashful and pleased. Cas standing so close to him, hesitating for a long moment - and then moving away. In his head, Dean rewrote the scene; easily, perfectly naturally, he took Cas’ hand and laced their fingers together and swayed into his space and kissed him. Soft and sweet, like they’d been doing it for years; not lasting too long, because there was time for them to do this again, they could always do this again and again and again.
“It’s not like him. He hasn’t been himself since the engagement was announced. But I just don’t understand… we talked a lot before I arranged the match, and he kept saying he wanted to marry someone he had a history with, someone he’d met when he was young. He and Lisa both had their first official appearances in public in the same year, at the same event! I thought that was perfect. It was at the gala dinner in Reykjavik – you remember, you were there…” She trailed off. Castiel did remember that night; he remembered Dean standing very stiff and quiet for twenty minutes while adults talked all around them, and then he’d grabbed Castiel’s hand and made a break for the kitchens. They’d spent the whole night sitting on top of the head chef’s counter and tasting each dish before it went out. It had been the night Dean’s dream to become a chef had been born.
Dean landed hard on his back, head hitting the cement. He stared for a moment up at the sky. It had all happened very fast.
And then he remembered Cas saying that he hadn’t had a lot of experience with romantic stuff, and Charlie saying that romance had been complicated for Cas in high school. Maybe he really hadn’t been paid all that many compliments about how he looked. The magazines raved about his voice, his charisma, but they couldn’t flatter a face that was always hidden behind a feathered mask.
a place?”
“That…” Castiel said. He looked down for a second, and then back up to Claire, whose expression was mutinous. “That was Dean’s choice. It was nothing to do with her. And it wasn’t that he didn’t want to come and see you. He was just…” Castiel considered lying, and then decided against it, and went for his best guess at the truth. “He was just sad for a while.”
There had been enough crappy people in Dean’s life, and he was old enough now, for him to know that Castiel… Castiel was a rare one.
“Yes, Ma’am, thank you,” she said. “Very easy. I travelled using the new rail system.”
His steps down the alley were soft. He knew how to move quietly, too.
He took himself literally, opened the box of donuts back up, picked one out, and took a big bite.
He opened his eyes, and looked up at Dean.
“It’s –” Castiel presses his lips together again, trying not to let the expression look pained, even though there’s a flash of hurt through his chest at the thought of trying to say any of it aloud. Saying it would push the two of them, Dean and Castiel, towards a tipping point. A no-takebacks, no room for misunderstanding point. Sharp as a thorn.
Castiel reached over to the top of one of the bunk beds, picked up a pillow, and threw it at Dean.
They emerged from the deep woods onto the road that wound between the border of the trees and the sheer cliff that fell down to the water below. Castiel took in a breath of salty air. The tang hit the bottom of his lungs, while the wind whipped at his hair. For a second, he stopped to take it in. They were still so close to his house that Castiel thought if he turned, he’d still be able to see it through the trees. He hadn’t known a view like this was so close by. The sky opened up overhead, a wide empty space of blue and heat.
“Um,” Castiel said. He wondered for a second if he was supposed to be lying. He couldn’t remember making any promises to lie about where Dean was. Then again, he couldn’t remember much from the last twelve hours or so, beyond the overwhelming presence of livid green citrus drinks.
They sat quietly for a few moments.
He settled on it and sent it. The closest Dean could get to telling Cas how he felt, right now, was just saying his name. It’d have to be enough for tonight.
“I usually read, or I study some more, or sometimes Charlie texts me and we play some World of Warcraft.” Cas blushed a little and looked down, hoping Dean couldn’t see the colour of his face behind his mask.
Dean groaned as he stood, stretching his arms to the ceiling. Various parts of his back cracked and popped. “Be right back.”
“Careful there, Sweetheart. I’m the one who’s not supposed to be able to walk straight tomorrow,” Dean teased.
is completely unspoken but totally understood.
Knowing full well that the anxiety attack was coming didn’t make it easier. Cas’ heart clattered in his chest. He tried to take a deep breath but his ribs were too tight, ribcage too small. He couldn’t get a breath. He couldn’t
“Right. Thanks, then. I guess I’ll see you around campus. Or, huh, I guess not.” Dean flicked the masks hanging by Cas’ front door and grimaced.
“I heard you the first time, Cassie,” Gabriel interrupted. “What do you mean?”
“America’s sweetheart. Good choice.” Dean’s tone gave nothing away.
“The audience participation aspect of the evening has begun, Dean. This is where you either agree with me or deny me, in which case we’ll move to the table, eat some poultry, and part as friends.” Castiel’s voice was still low and methodical, but Dean was laying right on his chest, and he could feel the erratic thump of his heartbeat betraying his cool demeanour.
Dean sat up a little, leaning on his elbow to see Cas’ face. His brow was furrowed, his mouth tight with tension.
“So, same time next week? I was going to do ham and potatoes, sort of a dry run for Thanksgiving…”
Misunderstandings abound, and Cas and Dean use their words. Just...not with each other.
Dean leaned over and kissed him, using his thumb to smooth away the worry between his eyebrows. “These are awesome, Sweetheart. I love them. We’ll have to add all the Star Wars movies to our list.”
Taking a deep inhale, Cas breathes out slowly just as his meditation playlist ends. He unfolds himself from the floor and rolls up his yoga mat, tucking it away behind the television. A knock on the door speeds his pulse, and a smile twitches involuntarily across his face. Dean has shown up. If he can just make it through the next few minutes, hopefully they can get back on track and retain their friendship.
“Get out of your head, Cas. Have I steered you wrong yet this summer?” Dean picked up a smooth piece of seaglass, flicking it in the air and catching it in his nimble fingers. He ducked his head, trying to catch Cas’s downturned eye. When that didn’t work, he booped the other teen in the nose.
“No, uh, no. You’re fine. I mean – it’s fine.” Dean blushes and stares down at the table. Silence descends as Trench Coat unwraps his sandwich. Dean sneaks another peek. It looks like PB&J.
“Martha Stewart, Cas.
“I like your skin, Dean. I like touching you. If I had my way, I’d chain you to my bed and you’d never wear clothes,” Cas muttered.
“Is that so?” Dean suppressed a smile.
in his chest. Trembling fingers reached for the door handle as he tripped back into the house, desperate now to get the door closed and locked. He wanted to shut the world outside.
Dean glared at her.
“Dean,” Cas interrupted. “Could I open the gift before you decide that I don’t like it?”
“Does this count as cuddling?” Dean gestured at the two of them with his free hand.
Dean smiled, faking cheerfulness. “Nope, Caesar’s easy. Just open the dressing and pour on the crouton and bacon bits.”
“How’s Sam?“
Finally getting with the program, Cas stepped forward. “No, wait, sorry. This is really sweet, Dean. I’d love to watch the stars with you.” He grabbed the sleeping bag, shaking it back out into the truck.
, right? He wasn’t misreading the social cues? “Dean, I –”
Cas pressed down against him, sucking a bruise into his collarbone. Dean arched slightly, rubbing his burgeoning erection against Cas’ heavy thigh. Cas groaned and shifted, pressing their hips together. A bolt shot through Dean and he shuddered as their dicks lined up and pressed against each other.
Trench Coat arches an inquiring brow. Taking it as a sign of interest, Dean carries on.
He kept an eye on Cas as he moved into the kitchen, then queued up DisneyPlus. “Iron Man 3 comes after Avengers, right?”
through the back of the page. “I thought you’d like it. I know it’s not until April, but I didn’t think you’d mind waiting. I already booked the weekend off from Bobby’s.”
Cas physically pulled back, sitting upright and resting his hands on Dean’s arms. Dean scooched closer, craving the closeness that had slowly built between them. He clasped Cas’ calves tighter, not wanting to leave the security of his tight hold.
It could’ve been minutes or it could’ve been hours later when Cas jerked awake, head still pillowed on Dean’s shoulder.
Dean sighed and rubbed his nose through his mask. “That makes sense. I think I’m back on the right track. Thanks, Cas.” He flipped his pencil from hand to hand and swallowed.
Then Cas lifted his upper hand and started stroking Dean’s hair. Dean’s eyes squeezed shut, unsure how much more of this he could take. It was one thing to offer touch as comfort. It was another to have fingers moving over him so soothingly, so intimately. Like a lover. Cas tugged lightly at the freshly-washed strands as they slid silkily through his fingers. Dean
“Totally,” Charlie muttered.
too deeply.
“This isn’t exactly what I had in mind,” Cas squirmed on Dean’s lap.
“There we go. Relax. I figure an hour for an hour, okay? Fair’s fair,” Dean’s voice brooked no argument.
Heat thrummed through Dean’s gut with each careful pronouncement. That voice just
The multiplication tables cut out. “There you are. The worst is over, Cassie. Could you try wiping your face?”
Swatting his hand away, Cas sighed. “No, of course you haven’t. It’s depressing how often you’re right.”
Whatever he was about to say was lost as Dean leaned forward, pressing their lips together in a soft, chaste kiss. Cas stilled, his heart thumping madly.
“Ok, my friend Cas. He’s in his last year of Accounting and Financial Management. He tutors people already, like he’s patient and good with numbers, right? But, and this is kinda personal and he might get mad at me for telling you, he suffers from Anxiety. And the other day when I was talking to him, he was going on and on about touch therapy and oxytocin and stress relief. So maybe you could trade cuddling for some tutoring.” The words rushed out of Charlie. When she finished, she sat back and stared at Dean as if she’s just confessed to a crime.
Dean snorted a laugh. “Right. Blah blah.” He squeezed Cas’s thigh and sighed lightly. His other hand slipped almost lazily through Cas’s pandemically-long hair.
“Cas?” He asks weakly.
. Casting about, Dean spied the baguette.
“No harm, no foul, Cas. We’re practically strangers.” Dean didn’t notice Cas stiffening slightly in the backseat as he continued. “You were gonna be an actor, and I was gonna learn to fly. You took off to find the footlights. Looks like you found ‘em.”
Gabriel choked on the other end of the line. “You think you what?”
“Hands above the waist the whole time, I swear,” he finished, and risks a peek at the screen.
“Yes,” Cas said softly. “I’ve wanted to be a forensic accountant since I was a child.”
“Dude, you sound like my textbook.”
“Listen, Alfie, I didn’t order anything. And I’m not paying you. There must be a mistake. Your boss is going to be pissed that you delivered to the wrong place.”
Sighing, he leaned back against the door and shut his eyes. It was a good thing that they had ended the cuddling arrangement. Given the opportunity, he felt that it was entirely too likely that he could fall in love with Dean Winchester.
Concerned blue eyes stared down at Dean. “Do you still want this?” Cas asked, leaning on his forearms above him. “If you’re not prepared, or this is too much, that’s perfectly fine –“
“When I was ten, Dad dropped us off at my Uncle Bobby’s house. He’d done it before, but this time he didn’t come back. Two little kids was too much for him.” His voice was flat.
yet. Sure, they’d traded hand jobs a couple times (
Squinting, he tried to get a better look, but the nearest streetlight was two houses over, and he couldn’t see into the car.
Cas blinked and rebooted. “Yes, I’m Cas. You’re Dean? Please come in.”
He realized how much of his weight he was resting on Dean when Dean shifted his feet yet again.
“Dammit, Charlie, I know!” He barked.
“It’s just store-bought brownies. You’re not missing much,” Dean chased a piece of bacon through the lettuce heap on his plate.
“That’s sixty minutes of cuddling owed,” he said, without turning his head to look at Dean. He was staring at the television, but Dean wasn’t sure how much he was actually taking in.
“Thank you for dinner, Dean.” He dug in, taking a second forkful. “Is this the same sauce that you use for your pizza?”
“That’s an easy fix. Turn the oven back on. Do you have some milk?” Dean moved around Cas, shifting him with a hand on a hip. He poured a little milk into the casserole, using the rice fluffing fork to whisk the soup and dairy to a more palatable texture.
“Next time, we’ll start with the homework though, and then the cuddling, okay? And maybe we’ll get a pizza.”
They were both silent for a moment.
Dean stood up, taking a few steps from the couch. “I just mean, this isn’t really you. You’re normally almost shy, man. You blushed the first time I took off my mask. I’ve seen your shelves; you alphabetize your textbooks. You plan everything.”
Disappointment flared in him but he pushed it down. “Of course. I understand. So I’ll see you next week, then?” He asked hopefully.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck, unable to keep still. “But Charles, he was
Cas sighed. “My father liquidated all of his assets, everything he could get his hands on, with the exception of a little left for me and my brother, Gabriel. He used that money for the payroll, and then he also disappeared, leaving us with Mother. She and the authorities thought he was in on the embezzlement with Luke and Michael, but I’ve never believed that. Why would he have sold everything he could to pay his employees’ salaries? He could have just fled the country with my uncles.”
Perhaps if he just focused on the tutoring aspect of the meeting. Dean needed help with Accounting. He tutored a number of students each semester, he was certain he could help Dean along, once he understood what the problem was. He sat down at his little dining room table, pulling a notebook towards himself. Grabbing a pen, he started jotting down basic Accounting terms to keep his mind occupied.
Cas blushed furiously and scrambled off Dean’s lap. “Of course, I’m so sorry. The bathroom is just around the corner.”
“Cas… I think… Oh God, I’m gonna….”
, his brain helpfully supplied) but there definitely hadn’t been any chains involved. They hadn’t even moved to the bedroom, yet. Not that Dean was
“When you message me at six in the morning, little brother, I assume it’s something urgent that your morning routine didn’t eliminate,” Gabriel said breezily.
“Cas, he lives alone. His people skills are a bit rusty. But, he’s a good person!” Charlie said hurriedly. She sighed and carried the tablet over to her couch, when she slumped into a heap and propped the tablet on her knees. “I know it probably doesn’t sound like I’m selling him very well, but Dean, he’s really a good guy. You know I wouldn’t be friends with some jerk. And you know, you two might actually get along.”
“Payment? Dude, it’s just a quick shower.”
“Google it,” Gabriel said. “Call me back when you’re ready to talk.”
“Right. So let’s get this in the oven to warm, and I’ll wash the lettuce before we sit down so it’s dry when we’re ready to make the salad.”
An unwilling grin spread across Cas’s face. “Like a teenage boy?”
Dean sat up so he could use both hands to peel the paper away. He cracked the lid on the small box, uncertain now whether he even wanted to open the box, if it triggered Cas’ Anxiety.
Cas carefully placed his foil-wrapped bread into the oven and then cleared the table of his own books. They hadn’t used the table to eat before. Dean hid a frown, surprised to realize he was disappointed that he and Cas weren’t going to sit together on the couch to eat.
Dean deliberately brushed his arm against Cas’, offering gentle comfort. A small smile graced Cas’ eyes in appreciation.
I recognize that the Dean in chapter 2 isn't presented quite the same way as the Dean in chapter 1. What do you think happened to turn Dean into such a softie at Cas' place?
“You bet. Sunday morning, okay?” Dean smiled reassuringly. Given the look on Sam’s face, it probably looked more like a grimace. He waved and logged out of Zoom, then went back to assembling the lasagna for his Thursday afternoon tutoring date with Cas. Dammit, not a
“I mean, I think you’re not yourself at the moment.”
The timer beeped impatiently, startling Cas into movement. He’d forgotten the chicken. Again. Spotting the box of rice on the counter, he silently thanked Sober Cas for setting it out earlier. Pulling the casserole out of the oven before he forgot it again, he combined the water and five-minute rice. He set another timer for the rice and pulled out a fork for the “fluffing”.
“Hey, Cas, could you slice the bread? Put some butter or margarine on it?”
. Like, totally looped high. How could he consent like that?”
’s fine,” Dean enunciated carefully.
Regaining control of his faculties, he clambered out of the car and shut her door firmly. With a small wave, Dean shooed him towards his door. He didn’t pull away until Cas had unlocked the house and stepped inside.
With a small smile, Cas held his gaze. He grabbed his dick and circled Dean’s hole before sliding slowly in, watching Dean’s face as it went slack with pleasure. He paused a moment, holding his weight on his forearms, bracketing Dean’s head. His cock throbbed heavily while he waited.
“A Queen does not lie to her subjects!” Dean thundered.
“Aw, dammit!”
“Wait –“ Dean tried, but it was like Alfie disappeared into thin air. Even the sound of his footsteps pounding down the concrete stairs was gone.
“And you’re going to come with me?”
“Oh, right. Just wait there. I’ll get a cloth,” Cas promised. He twisted upright and stood next to the bed, legs shaking.
“Yeah? I work across town but I’m having lunch with my brother today. He picked the spot,” Dean adds lamely. Where the hell is Sam?
Dean chewed a few fries and thought for a moment. “How would that work for downpayments on restoration jobs? Right now if we have a big job, Bobby puts it in the bank and just marks it down on the invoice.”
Dean wiped his mouth with a napkin and took both plates into the kitchen before joining Cas on the couch. He sat close enough that they touched, shoulder to thigh.
Deciding that keeping his mouth shut is probably the best way to make it through the rest of this stupid lunch, Dean listens as Cas and Sam discuss Gabe and his juvenile antics. He speaks when spoken to, but otherwise does his best to resist staring at Cas’ face to keep Sam from stepping on his foot again.
Cas concentrated entirely on the movement of his diaphragm until the snakes uncurled and lay quiet. Next, he brought up his usual concerns as his therapist had taught him, and consciously reassured himself that nothing had gone sideways overnight.
Dean huffed a laugh, eyes soft.
“Dean? What’s wrong?”
“Then you’d better start asking questions, little brother. Talk to him more, see if he has room in his life for a nerdy math tutor.”
Dean shook his head.
Dean stood silent for a moment, staring at Cas as he straightened his shirt, his shorts, anything to avoid looking at Dean.
Cas’ head snapped up. “I made dinner!” He jumped off Dean’s lap and disappeared into the kitchen.
Charlie bit her lip. “How come it sounds weird when you say it? Did it sound weird when I said it?”
There was a pause. Dean could feel Sam battling to find a way to speak openly, truthfully, in the language that they always used between them - a language free of feelings. Factual, cut-off.
And Castiel felt his own heart sink, just a little.
Cassie looked down at it, and then back up at him.
Castiel’s eye-tech revealed no elevated heartbeats in the building, no signs of stress. There was no rush. Everything was fine. He could come back later for the criminal and their sick brother.
“First we watched Ratatouille, then we watched The Wedding Planner,” he explained.
“You agreed to the match,” the Queen said. “You said you’d go through with it if I chose someone you had a history with, someone you’d met when you were young. We
He didn’t want to tell Dean. He didn’t want to go back to tension and panic and desperate planning. He wanted to leave that behind in the hotel room where they’d had their shared freak-out and burgers. He wanted things between them to be normal.
“But... but...”
this is the good place
God, and he didn’t even like Castiel’s music. If he won, could he reasonably say no? If they were filming it, and he said no… what would they do? Would they have to reshoot the moment with someone else being told they’d won?
This week I managed to take a little bit of time off!! I am in Germany and today I walked round a big lovely Schloss and yesterday I saw a very cool goat on top of a rock so as I'm sure you can imagine, things are rolling much better for me these past couple of days. That lovely feeling of respite after a long time of not-that? Wunderbar. I hope the universe is gifting you similar miracles!!
Castiel swallowed.
Dean hung up. He breathed out, his head dropping to rest on the steering wheel.
“You’re too cold. Get dry,” Castiel said, pulling away, and taking a step back.
“I don’t know. I want to help,” Castiel said. “But I don’t know what helping looks like here.” He waited a few seconds, and then said, “You seem… tense, and I don’t know if that’s my fault. I don’t want to –”
Her voice was becoming clearer inside Castiel’s head, as though she were coming closer. The tone of it was too hard to read through the pain and the dark.
“How?”
“Are you one of us?” the man demanded. “Is that why you had the wards removed?”
Even though obviously it
The silence stretched on. Mary turned back to the window. Dean made eye contact with Castiel, his glance full of suppressed panic. Castiel didn’t know what face to make in return. He had no idea what Dean was going to do, how they were going to get out of this. A part of him – a selfish, angry part of him – hoped that they wouldn’t get out of this. That the Queen would say,
Cas nods. “I did stop Raphael.”
“Is that a threat?” Cas asks in a low voice.
She turns to him appraisingly, arms still crossed. “Okay. Let’s talk it over. What my new role will look like.”
Dean is barely thinking about what he’s doing, but knows whatever it is, he’s not giving up. He softens his voice, and lets it lilt up in question. “But you
good for you.”
“Hey, wait.”
you’re so good, I’m
Dean turns his attention outside, to the grey forest, underneath the grey sky, framed by the grey weathered wood of the shack, stained with the bright red of wards painted with Castiel’s blood, drying black-brown around the edges. He watches the blood drying around the door frame and decides to apologize to Cas when the guy wakes up. Truth is, Dean can’t even remember what he’d been angry at him for, besides the fact that he’d been tired and hungry and coming down off an adrenaline high, the bright burn of the fight fading into the endless, impenetrable grey of Purgatory that weighed on Dean like a suffocating cloud.
Cas stared at the bed. He licked his lips, swallowed, and exhaled.
During his game with Sam, Dean very studiously did not look towards the bar once. He was walking around the table, assessing his next shot, when a familiar tune came over the bar’s speakers.
“Yes,” Cas sighs. There’s something in his voice that sounds like surrender.
"Eventually."
When Maureen got the call that the taxi she’d ordered for them had arrived, she walked Dean and Cas to her door. She told them each “Good night, thank you,” and gave them both a goodbye kiss.
Cas settles with his back against Dean’s chest, as if there’s nothing strange at all about doing so. Which is probably for the best, Dean thinks, keep things straight-forward and hassle-free.
Jack smiles. Anna drops her eyes, and then goes back to watching the children.
Cas bites his tongue to silence his immediate response. After a moment, he says in a measured voice, "I’m not sure that’s a good idea. Uriel wasn’t on very good terms with the Winchesters."
He reaches for her, but Anna is already in the air. Cas spreads his wings and follows.
“Great.”
“I love you.”
And Cas knows that it doesn’t mean what it would (at home) on earth. He knows that when he goes down on Dean in an improbably located cabin in a forest with plenty of trees but no insects, that it’s due to adrenaline and camaraderie and isolation from human society doing away with Dean’s inhibitions. And he expects nothing else.
Castiel lifts his eyes to meet Dean’s. They’re soft with something that Dean can’t quite name, and so familiar. Jack is saying something, some kind of explanation, or maybe he’s calling for Sam, but Dean isn’t listening. He pulls Cas close, arms tight around his shoulders, fists clenched in his trenchcoat, eyes squeezed shut against the tears that threaten to fall. Dean doesn’t let go of Cas for a long time.
“Okay…” The name was vaguely familiar. Some Top 40 pop chick, as far as Dean knew. He felt a different kind of anxiety return to twist his stomach.
“Thank you,” Rachel nods.
“Like, kinda sad.”
“I… I don’t know.” Cas gets to his feet, brow furrowed with concern. “I fell asleep…”
“Good.” Maureen arranged herself on the chaise, teasing open her robe to reveal a bare breast. “You boys can kiss now.”
Dean felt one of Cas’ hands grip his hip, the other span between his shoulder blades. He bit his lip as he felt the head of Cas’ cock press against him, and then into him.
"I don’t want to have a nice dinner," he continues, undeterred. "I want to spend time with you. I want you and Jack to get to know each other. I want…" Cas trails off. He wants so many things. Sometimes he feels like he’s made out of wants.
Dean and Cas eat their pancakes in the kitchen, and Sam and Eileen join them. They talk about Eileen's return from The Snap, what they've heard from other hunters, what's going on in the world outside of the bunker.
realized, and decided on some level to ignore it. He was supposed to know Cas best, be his family, and it turns out he hadn’t known him at all.
Cas pressed hungry kisses against Dean’s neck, as if he was starving for him, as if he was not already taking Dean in every way possible, as if he could find new ways to consume Dean if he just tried hard enough. His hot breath brushed against Dean’s ear as he moaned.
“Don't ask me to choose between the people that I love. I'm tired of it,” Cas says, the exhaustion clear in his voice.
“Are you and Cas, like, a thing now?”
A chill settled at the base of Dean’s spine at the thought of being a passenger in his own body. He swallowed, and tried to push it down. Told himself that Cas was speaking nonsense words, a foreign language he couldn’t understand. That Cas didn’t know what he was saying, what it meant. Focused on the sensations that Cas was drawing out of him, instead of his voice.
Cas doesn’t understand the reason for Dean’s sudden shyness, but it is charming, and the blush looks very pretty on his cheeks. “Good,” he says with a grin.
“Cas has some questions about how you know—”
Dean ruffles Cas' hair. "Come on. Time to wake up."
Naomi cocks her head. “Who makes and breaks the rules around here?”
music. It was telling him that if he didn’t set down firm lines, here and now, about what was acceptable and what wasn’t, then… well, then… he didn’t
He’s not the old Cas anymore. But he’s not someone different, either.
As the taxi pulled into the road, Dean’s eyes fell on Cas again. Cas was looking at him with all the warmth of a really good dream, as if he had never woken up.
With the look of a soldier going into battle, Cas turned back to the pool table. He gave the cue a practice stroke, and then took his shot. With a crack and a clatter the balls scattered across the table.
“Oh, uh…” Cas thinks about the discussion he had with Sam last night; that was not anything close to “fun”. “Billie -- Death -- had Dean and I cornered. I told Dean how I felt about him. Then I died,” Cas self-edits to dull the sharpest edges of the story. “Then Jack brought me back, and…” He shrugs. “Here we are.”
“Because we were fighting to be with our family and we
“Is the thing you’re not telling me the reason why we’re not eating dessert right now?” Eileen asks.
Beverly looked at Cas, eyeing him up and down. Then she turned back to Dean, and winked.
“No Springsteen today?” Sam asked, as they crossed the Illinois border. The sky was a flat gray, which suited Dean just fine. He’d had just about all the stimulation he could deal with for the next twenty-four hours at least.
A cocky smile spreads across Dean’s face. “Well you can’t have me if you’re not here, can you?”
The bemusement in Anna’s expression drops away. They can still hear the two-year-old Anna laughing in the parking lot.  “Yeah,” she says. “I keep forgetting that.”
Cas’ gaze drifts again, resting everywhere except on Dean. Dean doesn’t care for that, or for the awkwardness thick between them. More important than whatever mess going on in Dean’s head is the fact that he misses his friend. And he doesn’t have to anymore.
A dark thought rose in Dean’s head, cutting through the pleasure, describing exactly what Dean looked like.
Cas hesitates before adding, “Though what came after wasn’t much better.”
“I want you I want you I want you…” Dean mumbled deliriously, quaking with overstimulation. His cock was achingly hard; he ground against the pillow, trying to get some friction, shoving back against Cas in the process. Cas moaned, doubled over Dean’s back, and picked up his pace. WIth every thrust, Dean heard a small, high-pitched noise; he realized that the noise was coming from his own mouth, and bit his tongue.
“Look, Sam, it’s just me and Cas. You don’t gotta make a big deal out of it,” Dean says, sounding like he got nowhere close to eight hours of sleep.
“Nuh-uh, not you,” Dean says.
Cas knows that he would spend every day worshipping Dean if he could. Those lips that slide down his shaft again, plush and wet; those hands that grip his hips for support; those eyes that glint up at him in the dim, warm light. Cas would build temples to him, would sing devotional hymns, would erect statues to bow before.
It’s summertime in the garden of Kelly Kline’s childhood home. Bright orange begonias and starry blue hepatica spill over the flower beds, and sunlight filters through the leaves of a poplar tree, dappling the yard below.
“Sweetheart, you did just great,” Dean told her, though he wasn’t sure she was listening.
The light flashes.
"Yeah, okay," Dean grumbles. "Maybe I would've freaked out at the love part."
Cas glares at Uriel, but he doesn’t have any real anger left in him.
She turns sharply to Sam and Dean. "So which one of you is going to show me around this place?"
Cas nods.
“Just checking in.”
“Gross,” Claire teases.
Eileen signs furiously at Cas.
, and put on some
It’s tempting. Castiel can feel an aching weariness seeping into him. And this is the first pleasant spot that he and Dean have encountered. Even the sound of a babbling creek nearby seems to whisper,
Dean wields a knife skillfully, cutting the berries into thin slices. They’re ripe, staining his fingers red. He pops a whole one in his mouth, raising his eyebrows and humming as he chews.
“One all,” she said.
He put his hand on the door to his private apartments and it hummed a reader over his hand, opening a half-second later. He stepped through and held it open for Dean, and then pulled it to - not quite closed. He knew anyone could follow them both into the apartments if he left it that way, and that was almost the point. Nothing was going to happen, he was saying to the world. And to Dean. And also, perhaps a small bit, to himself.
Two days later, Dean got an email from Castiel, to schedule a Zoom meeting.
Dean stopped talking.
“Almost?”
“So should you,” Dean pointed out. He went to put his hands into his pockets, and then obviously realised he wasn’t wearing his wide-pocketed jeans, and awkwardly let his hands fall to his sides.
His bed smelled like himself, now, instead of musty sheets. He rolled over and pressed his face into the pillow, pulling the covers tight around him. His skin wanted to be touched. He thought of Dean, and it was enough to lull him back into sleep.
“I just…”
“Put in literary terms, you’re the bad boy, Dean. With the heart of gold. And meanwhile I’m the stuffy awkward nerd with rusty people skills and a degree in skipping parties.” Castiel lifted one shoulder in an almost-shrug. “And overanalysing things to the point where everyone is self-conscious and the mood is dead. This being case in point.”
"That was me trying to get you to find the kid subtly. I didn’t think you’d go chasing after an axe murderer.”
not something from his own life. His mind couldn’t make the scene his own. Was he starting to truly lose his grip, he wondered, as he stared.
“That’s sweet. And I thought you two just watched TV and ate too much pizza together.”
The Hunter clicked his tongue.
Dean, the man he’d known for less than two days.
“I’m just tired. We went for a walk yesterday.”
"Does that mean Sam has all the… that he didn't give it back to her?"
The look said, only too plainly,
“I could’ve done it,” Sam said, stubbornly. Dean could see his face, his indignance, the same expression that he’d used to wear when he was tiny and insisting he could climb as high and run as far as Dean could.
“Pretty much all of it,” Dean said. “Listen, I’m going to –”
But Mary just looked into Dean’s eyes, and eventually he said,
“That was amazing,” they said. “I didn’t have time for lunch today.”
“Where is it?” Gabriel asked, after a few seconds. “Still in Tribeca?”
“Yeah,” he said. “It’s kinda new.”
“Superman?” Cas’ voice sounded blank.
“I know. But I wanted to thank you.”
“Nah, nah. Did you, uh, did you need anything?”
“Gabriel, I… I know it was wrong. I just… I wanted you to stop forcing all those women on me, but I didn’t want to lose you.” Castiel swallowed. “So I lied.”
The world moved past and around them. They didn’t notice. Castiel was radiating happiness in every body line, though he was unmoving. Dean was watching him as though afraid he might disappear in the space of a blink.
“So,” Dean said, “anyway.”
“I’m sorry,” Castiel ventured quietly.
“You… you live here now?”
With the sol-panels casting eerie shadows over his taut face and over his motionless trigger finger, Dean waited. The city waited with him, looming over him like a grim metallic mother with empty-window eyes. She was a city that soared skyward on the behemoth wings of her buildings - but here, down on the ground, was her belly. It was quiet and poisonous. Every breath was damage and every sound echoed.
Dean swallowed. If before had been a little much, this was a lot.
“Good morning,” he said to his students. He cleared his throat. That hadn’t quite been deep enough. He tried to get his voice as low and gravelly as possible. “Uh, good morning.” That was closer to it. “Today, we’re going to be talking some more about robotics. I was very impressed by your presentations, but I want to give you even more, uh, even more insight into the marvels of this area of, uh, of study.”
“Really,” Dean said, through short breaths, “I better go.”
"You too?" he said, pulling out another handful of insulin and clinking the sets of patches together as though they were wine glasses. Castiel noticed a couple of the Hunter’s had yellow covers, instead of the insulin green - that was adrenaline. He wondered whether the Hunter had meant to pick those up, or if it had been an accident. "Cheers to us, I guess. Did you find him, then? The diabetic brother?"
“What movie was it?” Ash asked. “No, wait – both say it at once.” Castiel couldn’t help his eyes sliding to Dean’s across the car as it hummed along the highway to the airport. What had he been thrown into? What movies even were there? Dean looked just as wide-eyed, and Ash was already starting the countdown. “Three, two, one…”
sorry?”
“Ah, man, yeah,” Dean said sadly. “Better cancel that trip to visit my murder cult friends up in Arizona. Shame, though. I’ve been looking forward to it since forever.”
“You think that she would?” Castiel asked. The Queen pursed her lips, considering.
“They’re a unified force,” Castiel said. “They exist to protect.”
Dean, the man he loved, who loved him back.
“What?”
“They’ve got Prince,” Cas said, his back to Dean, who was flipping through a big basket of posters for more modern singers. “And Aretha Franklin, oh… I have to have this.”
“Charlie’s apartments. North Wing,” Dean snapped back. Not frustrated with him personally, Castiel knew, just generally furious. He swallowed his questions and arguments, and followed.
“What’s up?”
“We… did we actually…”
“Your Highness, this way!”
“On Sunday I’m going to hack them and take it down,” Charlie said composedly. “I’m going to flatter them and say it might take me half a day. I don’t have time before Sunday, I’ve got papers to grade. Like, actual papers to actually grade, not “
“They moved, sir,” said the woman, sounding exhausted to the point that Castiel had to wonder how many hesitant questions from owners of possibly-haunted houses she had to field on a daily basis.
“The bag. Open it. Then you can go to a med-bay.” The knife dipped ever so slightly. “I’ll even give you directions.”
“Donna, she and her,” Donna said, beaming at him and beckoning him in. “Come on, don’t stand on ceremony. If you’re a vampire, I’m officially inviting you. Get in the chair.”
Now there was no tower, no sunset, no photos, no performance. The kiss deepened, hands tightened. The guy pulled back just long enough to tilt his head the other way and then came back, his hold on Dean’s neck keeping Dean steady in place as he did so - and when that grip moved up into Dean’s hair, Dean heard himself make a noise in the back of his throat that couldn’t be mistaken for anything other than sheer enjoyment. He pushed harder into the kiss, taking control, and the guy let him - let the way they touched become a little rougher, just for a few moments, and then the lightest of touches on Dean’s cheek soothed the wave of urgency between them and they eased, gently, apart.
“Huh? Oh, uh - yeah,” Dean lied. He’d seen the email come through from Hannah with an attachment, and had ignored it, assuming it would just be a copy of the legal documents he’d filled out. Probably for the best - if he’d seen the video, it would have only made him want them not to put it up, in all likelihood. “Yeah, it’s great. Go ahead.”
at Dean, and Dean found himself pulling a face and then shrugging, and smiling back.
Cas’ expression didn’t change - his mouth didn’t move, his brow didn’t crease - except that when he looked back up at Dean, his eyes were blazing with a happiness that he couldn’t completely dampen down, though it looked as though he were trying. It was staggering, and Dean felt his heart stumble a little harder - felt his head holding him back a little less, seeing that this seemed to mean something to Cas, as well. Something that he couldn’t contain inside, any more than Dean could.
“So,” Charlie said, “remind me again why we need to go shopping.”
“Right,” Dean said, because Cas still didn’t seem to be ready to talk, though he’d finally managed to stop looking at Dean and was now eyeing Jody as though she were a stranger. “Yeah. Uh… so… I’ll see you for practice tomorrow? Are we still on for that?”
Cas was clearly enjoying his burger, savouring it, and Dean finished his meal first. He spent the time looking around the restaurant and glancing occasionally at Cas - not wanting to make him feel supervised as he ate, but also unable to keep his eyes away for long. He didn’t want to pick up his phone and disengage from their time together, even though Cas’ singular focus seemed to be the melty American cheese dripping off his burger; he just wanted to sit here and try to soak in where he was, right now.
“You okay?” Dean said, when they reached his house. They put the white bough down on the porch.
With a shake of his head, Castiel dismissed the thought. There was no time. He could think about that later. For now, he just had to clean up the mess. Whatever Dean felt about him, whatever ended up happening with the royal wedding, Dean’s hand shouldn’t be forced by some asshole photographer sneaking pictures of him.
“Not exactly,” she said. “I sort of just came in. No one really asked what I was doing, and I remembered where your room was from that cowboys and pirates party when we were kids, so… here I am.” She held out her hands awkwardly. “You maybe need to get some security.”
“No... it’s helping,” Dean said. His mouth felt as though it were full of cotton.
“You know that if we post any pics with it, everyone’s just gonna say that we’re dating again, right?”
“Thank you.” Cas stepped into the car. Once he was inside, before Dean could close the door, Cas looked up at him and said, “Do you have snacks at your place? I’m hungry.”
Castiel had said. Dean watched his lips make the word, over and over.
It would be fine, Dean thought. If nothing else happened, Castiel wouldn’t mind. If he totally blew this moment, it would be okay. Castiel would still like him. Dean had nothing to prove. They were on the same side.
“It just…” he says. And then waves his hand, like it doesn’t matter anyway.
With a shake of his head, Dean tried to dismiss the thoughts. He couldn’t sit staring into space, thinking about turning something into a date that was just inevitably going to be a slightly awkward and very platonic movie meet-up. There was no chance in hell that Castiel thought of him that way. After all, apparently the guy could pretty much have his pick of anyone on campus, with his ten chili peppers. And he’d never shown more than a friendly kind of interest in Dean.
“So, anyway. I –” Dean was interrupted by the sound of tinny guitar strains, and frowned as he delved into his pocket for his phone. “Sorry…”
“It’s all screwed up. Did they tell you? Tomorrow we’re meant to be going to Crispin’s –”
“I do my best,” Castiel replied, non-committal. He was going for non-committal as a vibe as often as he could, after what had happened between him and Dean Winchester at the party.
(See the end of the chapter for
They fell into step together, at Castiel’s usual patrol pace, as they had done so often before.
“How’s Maine, anyway,” Gabriel asked, after a moment. “You know that thing with the logging company up there I was talking to you about? There have been so many setbacks, Anna’s had to take personal control. Where even are you in the state? Maybe it’s gonna happen near you, I think they’ve finally got the permissions to start work in a couple days –”
“Actually, I kinda know what you mean.”
There was no space left in Castiel for fear. His anger was all-encompassing.
There was a long silence. Castiel stood still, waiting for Dean.
“Destiny is in our hands,” Dean said.
“Like we practised, okay, kid?” Dean added, and watched Ben’s face relax into concentration as he placed the ball for his free kick, just a yard outside the penalty box.
“You made me watch the freaking movie,” Dean said, “you can’t be missing the reference –”
Dean felt his mouth twitch, and he bit his lip. Part of him felt better that he wouldn’t be on his own if Sam didn’t want to see him anymore, and part of him hated that he even had to make that kind of contingency plan in his mind.
He turned back to the person on the ground, who was significantly calmer. The Angel had given them a painkiller and trussed up their arm against their chest.
“Sorry.”
, hold on…” Dean took a step back, and suddenly Castiel was left mouth open, breathing hard, spit trickling down his chin that he wiped away with one hand.
“Yes,” Cas said, “but -”
Dean’s cooking was delicious. They sat together at the kitchen table and ate, mostly in silence, occasionally making eye contact and appreciative noises.
Castiel risked a glance over his shoulder. Dean was looking past a sleeping Charlie and out the window of the plane, but as soon as Castiel turned, he glanced over.
And then they were gone.
He thought of Dean saying, obliquely, that his perfect day would be just living with Castiel. He thought of Dean kissing him. He thought of Dean saying, half-saying, that if he’d never kissed Castiel, he would have regretted it after they were separated.
After thirty seconds, the text came back.
Dean swallowed audibly, and nodded.
“I’ve been practising a lot. Never sung in front of that many people, so I’m kinda... yeah, I’m probably gonna screw it up anyway. But whatever, you know, I thought you should probably know, because -”
“Oh, God. That was good. But hey. What you were saying… it’s good to hear. That’s good stuff. I’m happy for you, dude.”
not worth it.”
“Cas,” Dean said, hushed.
“It makes no difference, Cas.”
“Family,” he said, through his mouthful.
“Is any of this good?” he said. “I don’t know, maybe we won’t even go. Maybe I should just tell her…”
“Sorry, Charlie,” he said, the words coming out in a low grumble. “Bad hangover. Yes, Dean slept here last night. We must have both passed out.”
Castiel looked like he wanted to say something more, but then went silent. He wasn’t moving – just looking at Dean, his eyes asking a question. And if Dean had been the star of some kind of romantic movie, he might have thought that Castiel was hoping to kiss him goodnight – but there was no way. Dean wasn’t a freaking movie star, he tasted like milkshake and popcorn, and he was –
Dean had asked Charlie, on the way down.
“I know you could,” Dean said. “I know.”
“Don’t worry,” the attendant interrupted. “I’ve seen worse. Look at you! You managed a shower, unless I’m wrong.” He gave Castiel a once-over. “And you combed your hair. Really, you’re in the highest percentile of hygiene for people with morning-after-the-wedding syndrome.”
Maybe he should go and find Charlie, or Sam, or someone who could tell him what exactly he was supposed to be doing. No palace worker had come scurrying up to him to forbid him from slipping outside, so it didn’t seem like it would be completely the wrong thing to do – he probably wouldn’t walk right into the middle of a press event – but still, the last thing he needed today was to cause a scene and draw attention to himself. He was going to get through it by being the wallpaper, or the carpet underfoot. Not noticeable. Not talking. Just exactly where he had to be until it was over.
