John recalled handing these forms out to new arrivals at the clinic. Or rather Mary handed them out and once the patients were in the room with him he gave them the once over. They were actually a lot longer when you filled them out as opposed to double checking the patient's concerns. But he'd been as honest as possible. Acknowledging his issues and being as thorough as needed.
"You know, just as well as I do, that you use sex as a booby-hatch, a trap door that you drop through-"
"No, don't think so." He hated this, falling under his scrutiny, or better put, his pity. He didn't want to be seen as the lesser of the two, the one who couldn't keep up. Suddenly those old feelings of inadequacy from their very first evening together flooded back. The cane. The hurt. Feeling so out of place. Being left behind. But that was ages ago.
They hadn't set the rules for displays of public affection. While John wasn't much for hiding he didn't know how Sherlock felt. He was, after all, a private person. On the rare occasion where he'd give an interview it was about cases and cases only. If they tried to steer it toward personal issues he became even more truculent than usual and bitingly cold. They'd often gotten requests for human interest stories. The inner workings of the mind of Sherlock Holmes. The crime fighting duo and how they function. All that sort of stuff. Once Sherlock got an idea of what they wanted he'd hang up. Emails sent? Deleted. Tweets, DM's, letters? Trashed. He was not interested in putting anything out into the world except the image of the calm, cool and capable consulting detective.
"Boy's closer together so I can get a picture." Mrs. Hudson demanded and John, without thinking and also without apology again slipped his arm around Sherlock's waist. Mrs. Hudson proceeded to take several pictures of John, Sherlock and baby Rosie of which likely only one turned out.
"I lost you." Sherlock repeated, eyes wide, confused.  "This body is wrong. It's discordant. Incongruent. Stupid vanity of dreams. Is this your doing or mine?" He asked. He sounded irritated but John could see the tears welled up, the fright still having hold of him.
John shook his head rapidly and again tried to break in but Sherlock held up his hand. He watched as his jaw worked, as he swallowed hard and pressed his lips together.
"It won't do to start without getting you used to the sensation." He said maintaining eye contact while moving his hand between Sherlock's legs. He sought out and found his hole and began rubbing in small, soft circles increasing the pressure every few go rounds. His boyfriend was breathing slowly, his eyelids growing heavy.
It was the first time John had been welcomed before the meeting even started and it felt...nice. He thanked Eric for his kindness and that was that. The man didn't press him for more information, he didn't ask him to provide more than he was willing he simply made his offer and retreated, giving him the space John so keenly wanted.
"That's very merry of you." John said with a laugh before resting one hand in Sherlock's hair and the other on his chest. "Love?"
"I want us to give each other pleasure in bed. I want him to enjoy himself and not focus so much on me. I want him to be present. I want him to not give up on the idea of overcoming his erectile dysfunction. I want him to want to have sex because he wants to have sex, not because he knows it will shut me up."
They'd both decided to forgo a stag-do and instead opted for a dinner with Greg and Mike. Afterward, the two of them went home and had a delightful go in Sherlock's chair, the detective riding John as though his life depended on it.
"We're on no one's timeline, ok? I think we've proven that again and again. Things will happen when they happen. But yes, to clear things up completely I want to date you and I want that to lead to a regular, intimate sexual relationship between us."
"Anything I viewed on television is irrelevant." He said with a comforting smile. "You are a new patient and you're baggage free as far as I'm concerned. So, let's go down the list of your registration form, yes?"
"But once you're on the other side, once you can see the light at the end of the tunnel you start feeling gratitude that you're the one holding the reins. After spending so long out of control the idea that you can grab the wheel, stop this and enter a new destination is of leaving here means you're taking your sobriety very seriously. That's good. You likely didn't hold it in very high esteem when you arrived and now it's something precious that you want to protect. Latch on to that feeling.
In fact, I imagine things are quite nebulous. It's important for people in treatment to have these grounding experiences with the people in their lives. When this is over do you want Sherlock in your life?"
Sinking them both deeper beneath the covers John reached over and switched off the light and in the home, he shared with his boyfriend who was still his
When he'd gone over the brief chart for the day that he had filled in so flippantly he didn't like what he saw. Not that it surprised him, but, it appeared far more hours of his day were taken up by him wishing he had a drink.
To John's surprise, Mike started to tear up. He hadn't known his friend to be the overly emotional sort but he pulled John into a sudden rough hug and mumbled his acceptance of the apology against his ear.
"I didn't come here to disrupt your schedule or your treatment. I think you should continue as normal."
I don't feel sick all the time anymore. Well, I do, but it' a different kind of sick. It used to be this worried sick, desperation that would set in once my high wore off. I had this running count of how many pills I still had, in my head. Except once I really got into it my count got off. I didn't keep track. I couldn't keep track of how many I was taking so I always worried about the next time I went to the bottle it might be empty.
Mary, that's her name, went with me to your grave today. I've never taken anyone there before. She knows how important you are to me. Were to me. *Are* to me.
It was strange hearing a retelling of a story he only barely knew, especially when he suddenly and unexpectedly appeared as a character, even if only as a briefly mentioned cameo.
He tried to laugh but her words were making him too nervous. He imagined he was probably tossing restlessly in his sleep, a frown on his face.
I also want you to keep reading and keep writing. You've got the Big Book, use it. If it doesn't work for you find a self-help book that does. In all this time I've never asked to see your journal and I never will. It's for you and only you and I encourage you to take some time tomorrow and give it a read. See how far you've come, notice how your thinking has changed and areas where you might still be stuck. Give yourself time. Time to adjust to being home and time for the people in your life to adjust as well. When they last saw you, you were an absolute wreck, that memory won't easily be supplanted in their minds with who you are today.
He wanted to feel that hand twitch. For there to be some sort of acknowledgment but there was nothing.
"You'd be much more likely to try and smooth things over, ease the tension. And then once I was asleep you'd leave."
“Do you want to know what I saw? I saw a man who was quite an eager little flirt. Basking in the attention all the while shamelessly craving more. Did you like the way he was looking at you?”
"Oh God, look, um, I've had some dental work done recently. I mean, truly, it's a mess in there. Those were the dentist's actual words and I admit I've been a bit of a baby about it. All those tweaked nerves and such and he gave me a few scripts for Vicodin. I only take it when it's acting up a bit. And I recall I was really feeling the pain on the day I tested so...that's likely it. The good news is I'm almost done. I swear, at this point, it feels like he's replaced ever tooth in my mouth."
"Ok, well off you both go. John, I'll be in touch and we'll set up our first Skype session soon. Best of luck to you both."
“Everything appealed to me. The money, the violence. I found that the more I hit things, the more I hurt people, the more I wanted to. I justified it by saying they deserved it.”
"Sherlock Holmes..." John said with a smile and an affectionate shake of his head. "You and I are not very good at this, are we?"
"Duly noted." John sensed that she sensed his reluctance to go rooting around for the negative in all of this. But if he knew Hanah it wouldn't be a deterrent.
When the show was over I clapped and you came out from behind the sheet and said we weren't finished yet. The clowns hadn't arrived. I asked you who were the clowns and you said we were. You pulled out a little bag of flour you'd nicked from the kitchen and a tube of lipstick that I assume you'd gotten from Mum's old jewelry box. You used water to turn the flour into a paste and you "painted" your face and mine and then gave us both big red smiles and cheeks. We walked about the house making faces and, well, clowning around.
He worried their first kiss might be robotic, just another experiment for the younger Holmes. Cold, deductive, a science. More about action and reaction as opposed to experience. To his surprise and delight, he was wrong.
John was used to the set up of AA now. Every meeting room was strangely interchangeable but that was just as likely because most churches were interchangeable as well. The same poorly lit rooms, the same primary school chairs in orange and yellow, the same weak tea and burnt coffee and biscuits straight from the tin. he wasn't complaining, actually, the uniformity of it all was dependable.
, John half hard, apparently, John with his hair darkened by the spray of the water, having changed from blonde to dark, dark brown.
John hobbled to his bedroom, stripped down to his pants, crawled beneath the covers and waited for the sound of Sherlock's approaching footsteps.
He felt Sherlock pull back in surprise, his head pressing into the pillow as he peered up to get a better look.
Sherlock's grip on him was tight. So tight that when it loosened John knew immediately. There was the tell tale shift in the placement of his body as he prepared to get up, the creak of the bed, the slowed movement meant not to rouse him.
John smiled and finished up the shaving, paying more attention to the figure behind him than his face. It would likely be a bit of a patchy job but he didn't care. He loved seeing the two of them together like this. It wasn't jarring. It was natural. Sherlock was all attentiveness and soft kisses behind him, planting them on his neck, just below his hairline and behind his ear.
"Exactly." He studied his friend's face, but mostly just looked into those bright, bright eyes. "Have you been thinking about us?"
lap, it's usually to do with murder, at least that's how it's ended. Of course, it doesn't always end that way."
"That's my sisters," John said as though Sherlock wouldn't know. He pawed for his mobile, early knowing it off the small table in the process. "Back to real life, I suppose." He said with a grin.
"It's absolutely fine. It's not a bother, not at all." John shifted to switch off the lamp. The room darkened but the moonlight still gave him plenty to work with. That being said, he felt and saw Sherlock's body relax. He quickly screwed the jar back on the honey and set it aside.
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, I'm sorry." He whispered before kissing him once. He had a gut feeling there were more words to follow.
He didn't know what he was expecting. Some sort of public scolding or flogging. Maybe they'd make him give an apologetic speech for abandoning the group way back when. Maybe they wouldn't want him back at all. He didn't exactly want to face it but he knew he had to. But in the end, nothing more had happened than the aforementioned welcome back and then the meetings had begun.
"John..." He said and it sounded so breathless, so full of anticipation and want that John's own breath caught in his throat.
Hanah shutter blinked when she saw him as she took in the rather drastic haircut. He didn't mind, he'd been getting that response all day. It still didn't make him regret the decision.
It must be hard for you; having two weeping Watson's. Between Rosie's tears and my own I'm not sure how you get any rest. Thank you for not mentioning it. It embarrasses me whether it should or not. And thank you for thrusting me back into work. It's helping so, so much. I hope it's helping you. I know how deeply everything with Eurus affected you and I know how badly you didn't want to let it. The Holmes family tends to gloss over tragedy and trauma but I see you trying to work through it and I'll help any way I can.
He had finished "The Case of the Agony Column". It was complete. And this was not a lengthy blog entry...this was, dare he say it, a book. A novel. Typed out in his spare time, on lunch breaks, in the empty hours of the dark early morning when he was too anxious to sleep. As soon as he was finished he started to read it, ready to pick it apart. And he did. He eviscerated it and rewrote and reshaped and started again and made his way all the way to the last page as devoid of emotion and sentiment for his own writing as he could be. And then he started over again, ready to re-read it. He waited to hate it. He waited to start laughing with embarrassment at what he'd done, what he'd put in this file. He was ready to laugh at his own presumption and ego and silliness. He was ready to delete the entire shameful mess. But he liked it. He really liked it and it didn't just sound good, at least to him, it felt good.
John didn't know what to say except that everyone's eyes on him, especially those of his friends felt incredibly shameful at this moment.
I humbly ask for your forgiveness for my behavior this last year and I apologize from the bottom of my heart.
“You look at me all the time. You think I don’t notice but I do. You look at my neck, my hands, my waist, my crotch, my arse. You have a filthy little mind, Sherlock and then you blame me for you not acting on it.”
The second invitation seemed to have sunk in and Sherlock scrambled across the bed on his knees, hovering just over John's chest. The latter leaned forward  and took the beautiful erection, hard, straight and wet with precum into his mouth. Sherlock gripped the backboard as John gripped his arse cheeks pulling him forward, encouraging him to take over the movements himself. Not long after he was doing as John had demanded, slowly but steadily thrusting in and out of his mouth until he came with a few grunts that made John's toes curls.
So, now I don't know how many there will be. But, in the end, it's still the same amount of content. I'm just chopping it up for easier consumption and my own sanity.
His fingers, I think there were three now felt so good inside me. I remembered the pain, the tension but now all I felt was pleasure. My erection which had admittedly been flagging was back with full force.
"You're not a broken watch, John. You're not only right by default twice a day. So you screwed up. So you did more than screw up, so you completely fucked up. Now what? I'm not saying that analyzing a situation isn't smart. I'm not saying that doubt isn't a normal part of life or that weighing one thing against another isn't good. But you can't let it plague you. You can't freeze in place for fear of making a mistake. Only statues are blameless and they never get anywhere."
"I can slow down." He said and I nodded though I didn't know how he could go much slower. And yet he did. I didn't know how he could hold back his own orgasm. But he was.
Everyone smoked here but he'd never developed a taste for the habit and he didn't intend to start. There were teas and fizzy drinks and milk and juices and bottled water and just about everything else under the sun. And while his taste for coffee had always been take it or leave it, here it suddenly became much more take it. His body ached and itched and creaked and clenched and demanded alcohol and though the caffeine was nothing of the sort it did soothe, just a tiny bit.
"It was indeed. He got quite flirty as we were going over the chapter on Reactions on Aromatic Compounds. And by the time we reached Carboxylic Acid Derivatives he had his hand down my y-front."
John watched Sherlock talk to his daughter and found his amazement at the scene hadn't worn off. He couldn't say it was like he was watching a different man. That would be doing his boyfriend a massive disservice. This was the Sherlock he knew, more open, more kind, more considerate, more himself. Rosie was delighted, chattering away to him, eager for his responses.
"John, there are a lot of different factors that make up who you are and your identity. This is one of them. Believe it or not, it wasn't just about coming out or even starting a relationship with Sherlock. I'm not saying that when you go shopping you have to have it in your mind, "I am a bisexual man shopping for eggs and butter." Of course not. However, you also cannot compartmentalize this down so small that it only exists in the space between you and your partner."
"Um, I just got out of rehab yesterday as a matter of fact. I have 91 days clean and I'm hoping to keep it that way." He concluded.
"You mean like, you had a mad murderous sister and I had a father who used to beat me? Yeah, I guess so." Sherlock blinked in shock at that but John pressed on. "To be fair, you suppressed the sister and I would do just about anything to not mention my dad. On top of that, we got busy. We got complicated. We got afraid. We got protective. It happens, you know?"
"It's alright. The thing is, John, I'm not surprised. This is after all my job. I know the success rate and I know the signs of relapse. I'd hoped you wouldn't but I had a bad feeling a few weeks prior that you would. It was only natural that you'd then want to get as far away from me as possible. I understand. So, if you're asking for forgiveness, consider it given."
Sherlock's eyes widened and John grinned. Why did it thrill him so much to good-naturedly scandalize his friend? Sherlock who'd gone to the best schools and knew the best manners, whether he employed them or not, Sherlock who academically speaking knew a great deal about life but in turn hadn't experienced all its fineries.
"You're happy...right, John?" Sherlock asked and John was surprised to hear the tinge of nervousness in his voice.
He couldn't help it and no matter how much the contrast started to bother him he couldn't quite stop.
"It was part of an experiment. To see if I could live with another person without driving them mad or them driving me mad. I brought it up to Mike thinking he might agree to it. I thought I could tolerate him. But he wisely passed and then happened to run into you. Quite fortuitous."
He hadn't allowed himself to miss her. Not for ages. They'd traveled such different roads, so far away from one another. But maybe those roads could converge again. Maybe they could both try.
"It shouldn't be quite as clinical as what you've done with patients but the basic principle of slow penetration is the same, followed by steady application of pressure to and manipulation of the prostate. You can do this yourself, with a toy or better yet with the assistance of your partner."
Most of it, in the beginning, had been business-related of course. Short, staccato messages which always ended in SH.
perhaps it wouldn't have hurt quite so much on a different day. Perhaps a day where absolutely everything was turning to dust in his hands.
John did take his time and stood there under the spray as it went from lukewarm, to the point where it nearly turned his skin lobster red, to the water running lukewarm again. When it finally grew cold he stepped out and stared at his steamy reflection. Wiping away the condensation on the mirror he took a long look at himself.
. Something, firm, hard, beneath me. He saw me feel him and flushed, the color climbing up his neck to his cheeks and the tips of his ears. "Let me get up." He said again.
He was breathing harder now and John was keeping unrepentant eye contact as Sherlock stumbled through his phone conversation all the while starting to push back against the foot.
"Because as it stands, only you and I know. This is a real and genuine question. Do you wish you could take this discovery, this admission back."
"No...no it was an alcohol consumption induced seizure." He said finally feeling the shame of those words wash over him.
"I...don't feel anything in particular. It won't really disrupt my routine. I'll do as I always do, maybe spend a bit more time in my room, so as not to get in the way."
"Ok, ok..." John said holding up his hands, palms out, trying to look as non-threatening as possible. "If you just hand it back to me I'll leave. Alright."
But now, he didn't have to forget and they didn't have to pretend. He danced with Sherlock as he always wanted to and in his arms was everything he needed in this world.
If there was one thing, one small positive thing that had come out of the turmoil of this past year it was that when it came to how his relationship with Sherlock was perceived, he just didn't care anymore.
"Yeah, sorry about that." He said, having no idea how long he'd been sitting in silence. "You know, you haven't actually asked me yet."
"I'm hurting you. I'm affecting your work. I've ruined our friendship and our relationship. I make you so unhappy." John said simply as he tried to swallow over the lump in his throat. They were simple words but some of the most painful.
"You're not trapped here, are you?" He asked knowing it sounded silly but unable to shake off the idea.
"No, honestly haven't had them for years. I assume it's because we've been talking about him recently."
But it didn't help. He was interminably sad and short tempered, he snapped at Sherlock more than he deserved. He was resentful in the face of his attention. Angry at his affection.
"When we first met I asked you if you were going to be an adult and do the work. Is that still in the cards?"
"You're welcome." He said standing and gazing down at him. The relief he felt as the idea that Sherlock was here, actually here, crystallized from hope to fact almost made his knees weak. He walked over to the small refrigerator and removed a bottle of water and some string cheese and a few savory biscuits.
choice that they willing went after must be wrong. That's what addiction does and that's how recovery can skew so badly. You start to doubt everything. It was similar to something Eric had told him once.
"That was a bit of deserved revenge on her part. I certainly don't fault her. There were likely less efficient and kinder ways to get close to Magnussen than through her. I didn't seek them out because I didn't have the time. I also admit, I didn't care all that much about hurting her. But I'm not above regret. I'm not happy with what I did. I don't recall feeling bad about my actions prior to meeting you. But I do now. While I don't regret the ultimate result of my ruse, I feel very bad that I hurt her. I'm thankful she rebounded as she did and made a nice sum of money that should last her for a good long time. I like Janine quite a lot and I am grateful for her forgiveness." He concluded.
"I've got lunch scheduled with a mate of mine named Mike. He's a doctor, I may have mentioned him before. He's going to try and get me some work."
"I forget, you know?" John said. "That there's beauty like this. I wish I knew what this lake was called. Will you take a few pictures? I don't have my phone and I'd like to have something to remember this all by."
been one of the things he'd been concerned about. So many incidents that had occurred they'd tried to keep within their tight knit group but it wasn't always easy. He was happy this one had stayed mum.
"I don't want to join some little family parade where we all march off and I play a recital with my mute, murderous sister. Do you think I feel as though I have a choice? No, I know what you think. You think I'm a weak little boy peeking out from behind his mother's skirts ready to do her bidding. You think I'm a coward."
His partner arched up off the bed as John was now accustomed to. That first touch always sent him skyrocketing. Much to his delight, he had discovered over and over again that Sherlock was not vocally shy. He wasn't a screamer or a shouter. It was more subtle than that, it was the little catch of breath, the slight whimper, the ahhh and his favorite, just a whispered; "John."
"No, you're not going to do that. You're not going to offer it in a passive way and you're not going to offer it to placate me. I am not subject to the whims of my urges and I am not demanding it of you."
But I did the same thing, Hanah. I told her nothing. I didn't even mention a sister until she saw the engraving on my phone. I never told her about my father or the abuse. I shortened any information about Duck and our life together...what I did. I didn't even tell her exactly what Sherlock and I did. I kept everything vague, purposefully vague. I lied and I lied and I lied again. How could I blame her for doing the same when I kept just as many secrets? When I withheld huge sections of my life. We settled into our falsehoods and we silently agreed not to press too hard or too far. Jesus Christ...I mean, I knew her, I knew who she was at her purest and that matters, that's who I fell in love with and I hope she would have said she knew the same about me. But that doesn't mean I didn't lie. And that I never admitted to her I lied and I hypocritically withheld forgiveness even when pretending I wasn't. And after all that I cheated on her. You know even if it hadn't turned out to be Eurus and just all part of her ridiculous, unhinged plan it would still have been awful. She died thinking I was a good man. She died believing she had let me down. Over and over again. She died
John didn't know what she might say. He wouldn't blame her one bit if she told him 'Thanks, now go fuck yourself'. Not very professional but then he had been so much less than professional with her.
First, she gave a tentative smile, a few tears rolled down her cheeks but they had brimmed in her eyes before Bumbly began his show. In a few moments she was smiling and then laughing and it was like the sun parting the clouds or at least that's how John felt about it. Finally, she reached eagerly for the toy. Sherlock emerged and flew Bumbly over, letting the stuffed animal boop her in the nose before she grabbed it and hugged it close.
"And you did. But there was just one last thing. There was a mistake I made last time, out of pride or some other such nonsense. I don't want to make it again. So, in light of that...would you be my sponsor?"
It had reached the point where he would sit in his chair at the end of the evening and not move unless it was absolutely necessary. And even then he would try to do it outside of Sherlock's view and awareness.
"No, you're not. You're not because here we are again. Just where we were before, a year ago. So I suppose that's the note." Sherlock said gesturing to the papers on his lap. I imagine it's filled with sentiments of love and understanding, regret and apology."
"DON'T TALK TO ME ABOUT PROMISES!" He shouted and then shut his eyes. He didn't want to do this. He didn't want to scream at Sherlock. He leaned as far back in his chair as he could as Sherlock leaned forward. When he did, that prickly feeling started to rise on John's skin.
He didn't want to move and Sherlock seemed in no hurry to separate, so they didn't. They just stared at one another, dreamy smiles and afterglow and soft, sweet kisses.
They kissed and John put his hand to Sherlock's cheek before moving it back a bit farther, his thumb stroking the lobe and shell of his ear.
"So, we're not going to escape, we're not going to scale the mountains and we're also not going to pretend we're in a Klingon penal colony. What do we do?" John asked.
"Still, he is particular with regard to whom he listens. I've witnessed your intuition and persuasive reasoning firsthand. You've helped us both a great deal."
"Christ, Hanah, I thought I'd come out of here with more answers than questions but it's not looking that way. I...I don't know if I can face this without you."
"It's alright, I enjoy it too. As I was saying. It usually started with unbuttoning that shirt and taking it off. Removing whatever undershirt you had beneath it and finally getting to see that pale, muscular chest. Do you know I've never really have seen you shirtless much less naked?"
"No, of course, you hadn't. John, I was playing at being the lower class petty criminal. The life suited me but it wasn't real. My home, my birthright, as my father called it was something that I ran far and wide from."
"They don't actually permanently increase length or girth but they've been known to help men both achieve and maintain erections. Though, admittedly, VED erections do differ from more natural erections."
"Were this anyone else I'd say they were fishing for compliments, a tactic that I loathe but...you actually believe this."
Eric concluded with a genuine, winning smile and sat down motioning for anyone who wished to take the floor.
. The smell she left on their sheets, warm and enticing and so bloody sexy. They rolled around a bit on the blanket and he'd copped some rather obvious feels that made her giggle given how public they were. To give the appearance of propriety, under the guise of watching the sunset they wrapped up in the blanket. In reality, he'd really just wanted and taken the chance to slide his hand into her swimsuit and bring her to a shuddering orgasm just as the rosy sun dipped into the water. He'd brought his fingers to his mouth and licked them salaciously. They packed up their things quickly, rushed back to the car and he'd gone down on her in the back seat. There was another scent he loved; sweet and fragrant and heady and all his. He'd driven as fast as the law would allow and they'd jumped into bed and fucked spiritedly at home and then after a breather opted for another go and that time they'd made love. And he'd laid there after they were done happy and relaxed and feeling decidedly lucky as he breathed deep of a life that was perfumed by ocean water and Mary.
"Then if I were you I wouldn't be so worried about trying to mete it out and make sure it adds up. Trying to measure love is an excellent way to tie yourself up in knots. Now, answer me honestly, do you believe any of your drinking or anger issues stemmed from being in the closet?"
"He and half of the Yard came barging into my lecture one day to arrest one of my students. This creepy bastard had been slowly poisoning his mum. I dismissed class and was about to leave myself but he, Sherlock, asked me to stay during the initial interrogation to confirm some things. I thought it would be about the bloke's whereabouts but it was about the pen he'd used to take notes and the pencil he'd used for a recent test I'd given. Somehow, that sealed his guilt and they carted him away. Sherlock thanked me and I said I didn't do anything. That crowd that bustled in with him left just as quickly leaving he and I alone. I looked at him and he just reminded me of someone. He'd come in so confident and now he didn't seem nearly so tall or sure of himself. I'll tell you, I'm the first one to admit the kids have made me soft. Everyone is a little lost lamb who needs to be brought in from the bloody cold. So, I don't know why, other than that, but I asked him if he wanted a drink. I said something like, anyone would need a bit of booze to fortify their nerves after all that."
reading for you." She joked. "Just look through it when you get a chance. It's supplemental and some of it is situation specific but it may help you."
"You can talk louder, John. She sleeps like the dead. No need to tip-toe, trust me." Harry said at a normal volume and John supposed he should, indeed, trust her.
The realization broke in his mind and heart like the dawn. It was all true and it always had been. And he had almost said it a dozen times, a hundred times. He had whispered it to a polished, obsidian headstone and an empty chair and into the darkness on those endless nights and not saying it now didn't make it any less true. Oh God, what an arse. He was such a stupid fucking delusional arse. So stupid. So fucking stupid.
For his part, John supplied some of the voices but he was most coveted for his realistic hoof clomping.
If John could have frozen a moment in time, a perfect, untainted moment where his mind was clear and blank except for the thought; "I love him." he would have. This would have been it.
"Sherlock, stop fucking shouting!" He finally managed out with some effort because he only now realized his friend had been yelling his name over and over for probably a good 20 seconds.
“Aren’t you going to fuck me?” He asked and there was just the hint of a whine to his voice that Sherlock had never heard before. “Isn’t that what you’ve wanted to do all night...sir?”
"I should also make up a grocery list. The place being clean makes it clear when we're running low on stuff."
He allowed her to pull him but a crowd had already formed. Janine and Mrs. Hudson were cooing and Greg and Mike were leaning in with interest. Only Sherlock stood back. Well, that was natural, of course, he didn't really care for children.
"Not really. I've been practicing since I was a child. My parents insisted. I'm quite used to it now."
There was that telltale feeling of the walls closing in around him and rather than run the risk of fainting in public which would surely make it online he stood, abruptly, stopping "Mary" mid-sentence and walked out to get some fresh air.
It shouldn't have mattered, but it did. He had gone for more than a year without the feeling of a body next to his in bed. The counterpressure on the mattress, the warmth, the company. The metronome of someone breathing next to him. Someone he cared about and loved. Someone he had deeply, deeply missed.
"Sherrinford is my point. And the look on your face just told me everything I needed to know."  John said with a nod before he started to walk again.
Watching his lover’s face was a marvel, the tension, the relaxation, the way his lips pressed tight one moment as his mouth fell a bit open the next, the furrowing of his brow, the healthy pink flush to his cheeks, the way he kept his eyes shut tightly as he focused...
"Keep quiet and get in bed. She was worried about you last night. I'll tell her you're fine but sleeping it off and then I'll get rid of her. Once that's done we can experiment a bit with that toy of yours."
"It's about Rosie." He sighed heavily. "Because you're right. I'm not the family type I never wanted to do this alone. I can't do this alone."
"I love you, John." He said before doing as was asked. They kissed softly, breathlessly, desperately. While John didn't hear the lube being opened he did feel the liquid as it was drizzled from the base of his balls to flow between his arse cheeks.
If you want to repay what Mary did for you then go find some happiness. Go out on a date. Go see a movie. Hold someone's hand. Touch someone. Be touched. Lay next to someone. Be the one they're lying next to. Make love to someone. Even if it gets snatched away from you...it's worth it. Losing it doesn't mean it's not worth it.
He'd been texting with Sherlock every night, rapid fire, comforting, relaxing, peaceful, teasing. They talked about John's day and how things were progressing in his therapy. They talked about cases he was on and yes, that was
"Kissed a lot of people, have you?" I asked as he flicked his tongue over a spot just behind my ear that made my toes curl. How did he know I liked that? Had I told him? Some sort of brag I blurted out after a date had gone really, really well that he'd saved for...for what, for this?
I want to go out to dinner with you, I want to hold your hand, I want Angelo to bring a candle to table, you know, because it makes it more romantic. I want to kiss you goodnight and good morning. I want to kiss you. And I want everything to be the same. I want to go on cases with you and raise our daughter and bicker and argue, and driver Mrs. Hudson mad. I don't want anything to change and I want everything to change.
Much to his surprise, he was excited to attempt this new technique. Both he and Sherlock had been willing to try it the following night but life had gotten in the way. And not just for that evening. A case came in that more complex and time consuming and intriguing than they'd had in a long time. It took weeks. Questions and chases and legwork, but he loved it. Loved the immersion. Loved juggling work with The Work, as Sherlock always called it. Busy felt good. Busy felt great. And the fact that they had a plan for the bedroom eased tensions considerably, even if they couldn't act on it just yet.
"You paint with the broad and generous brush of loving memory." She teased him. "You never even knew me looking this young, you knob."
But what truly wasn't good, not in the least was the fact that Sherlock didn't make a sound. Not so much as a word, though she was giving him every opportunity. Silent and preoccupied he barely even acknowledged the conversation and John felt his patience and his pain meds wearing thin. It wasn't even so much that he needed him to out himself in that moment. But to just say something. To draw the conversation in another direction. To provide some interference, some cover.
"We've really switched gears, haven't we. Like beard clippers? I was wondering when you were going to take care of that baobab tree on your face. I've got one in my room. You can borrow it."
The bottle didn't make it to John's lips, instead, it just hovered in mid-air, untasted. He looked at Sherlock dumbly, surprised by the straightforward reply.
The morning of their ceremony he'd glimpsed Sherlock before Sherlock had seen him. His friend had been rather smartly dressed. Far smarter than John in a t-shirt, jeans and trainers. He'd dashed back into his room unseen and changed quickly. He hadn't imagined Sherlock would take it so seriously and he chastised himself that he'd been so thick.
The first pass was the hardest and for a second as the clump of hair fell soundlessly into the sink he panicked.
Wordlessly he did as he was told and internally, the detective was elated. He was shocked but delighted at how well this was going. He had a plan. A loose plan but a plan just the same. Returning to his original focus he kissed John’s shoulder and the scar that remained. He busied his hands with running them up and down John’s chest and over his abdomen and then proceeding just a bit lower before stopping. Purposefully he pressed his erection against the doctor’s arse and listened as John groaned in response.
"Not an ally. Just...someone who knows what it's like to lose you. Someone for whom it's painful to watch it happen."
"Hey, Hanah, um first, I wanted to return your book. And second, Sherlock, arrived late last night so I was wondering if maybe we could take a break from the session today."
Even if he hadn't been blasted out of his mind John suspected the abrupt change in subject would have thrown him for a loop.
"Well, I realized... after last night and this morning. If you and he had been together and if that's as loud as Sherlock gets in the bedroom I certainly would have heard it in all these years."
"Hey, you don't have to downplay it. Before I knew it was Sebastian, all that time ago, you told me you cared for him. And that he'd broken your heart."
John would get out of the shower, unabashedly naked and smile as he felt Sherlock's eyes run over him. He'd often delay getting a towel just to give him a better look. It wasn't a tease just to tease as he was just as likely to put the towel on the floor, sink down upon it on his knees, unzip his lover's trousers and suck him until he was pleading for release in the echo-y bathroom.
"Do you know what it's like to hear what you suspect are someone's last gasps for breath over the phone? All throughout asking Mrs. Hudson for the use of her car, driving to your home, running stop lights, bursting through your door I kept my mobile to my ear talking to you, trying to comfort you, trying to keep you here with me. Thinking the entire time that I had heard you take your own life."
The woman ahead of him in line had more than a few questions as it turned out and John was starting to regret this trip.
He really wasn't as cocky as he seemed and he'd spent the previous 4 days vacillating between things were going to be fine and things were royally fucked. Not that he'd had a choice in the matter, but there had been science behind his agreeing to take the test. He was, after all, quite familiar with the practice. The standard test only looked for pot, coke, speed, benzo's and opiates...
"A trace. I had one on your previous mobile as well. I've found it just makes things easier if I know where you are at all times."
It was nearly ten minutes of virtual silence, punctuated by their breathing, slow kisses and nuzzling by John and the occasional "I love you, sweetheart." before Sherlock began to cry.
"As I assumed. They were alerted when I followed you." He sighed heavily and pushed his plate away. "Things may intensify now, at least for awhile. I think you should prepare yourself as much as possible. The countdown has begun."
"You know...if you're unhappy with me," He went on. "I would really rather you just say so. I have a distaste for passive aggression. I daresay we've also reached the point where what might have once been called subconscious actions are quite conscious."
"I can't see him. Not yet. It's different when it was a case...the pursuit and danger of it all but-"
"Fuck...Sherlock, you only say those things in my dreams." I blurted out. He pulled back in surprise and looked at me.
"Glad to hear it." Sherlock replied putting his hand on the hem of Johns t-shirt and tugging it up exposing his belly.
"You're saying that...that the pills conveniently coincided with a point in my life where I was moving closer to people; my daughter, Sherlock, our friends, etc. And that I started up with them because I was trying to push myself away. Maybe make them push me away."
"I think that's common. Sometimes finding the meetings where you feel the most at home is the result of research and just plain old fashioned shopping around. If you combine that with being newly out of the closet it's natural that it'll take some time."
"That was rude of me. You weren't offering the account at face value. It was an offer to share something you don't with anyone else. I appreciate it, I recognize the gesture and I accept."
"We talked last night." John offered in return. "I agreed to move back home to Baker Street when my 90 days are up."
He kept his hands on him, rubbing and touching him gently as he quieted. By some miracle, he had managed not to come but Sherlock would occasionally still move beneath him which means his arse was infrequently brushing against John's cock and he really couldn't take it anymore.
Holding Rosie while she was sleeping was one thing but very much awake was another. As Sherlock stood to pass her over the little girl flashed him a dubious look that was so like Mary it surprised him for a moment. John extended his arms and took her, pulling her small body into his lap. She looked up at him seeming unsure but perhaps willing to wait it out.
"I feel positive about it all now, you know? Like maybe this time things are going to be like they should. She kissed me when she left. You have any idea how long it's been since she could even stand to kiss me?"
"You just need time, and you and I have all the time in the world. Rest, Sherlock. Do the one thing you've never been very good at and rest."
“I’m not here to judge your morality. But if you want to discuss how you’re feeling about these memories we can.”
"There's a saying in AA which I'm sure you've heard by now. It isn't the load that weighs us down. It's the way we carry it. Don't let the black and white thinking get you. And don't let other people who, at least present, as non-addicts. Everyone is carrying something. Even the normal. Everything that you just listed that you want is admirable and achievable but it's going to take work and lots of it. And that's work on your own and together. Normally I would never advise that you two live together this soon. But this is a unique situation, I realize. But I need you to grasp as soon as possible that in terms of your recovery, you and Sherlock are not going to be the "easy part"."
Mycroft was incensed and John took a rather large bite of the incredibly well-prepared meat and smiled at him.
So this meant he, Sherlock was thinking about it. Perhaps a lot. Quite a lot. John wondered if this was his way of saying he didn't want to actually have a sit down about it? If so, that was fine by him. No matter what, he couldn't hide out in his room all day. He had to march out there and face it. Whatever it was.
They had been on the couch, as usual, and also as usual, they were absolutely at it. It had been his idea, staring into those starburst, nebula eyes of Sherlock's when he'd said; "I'd like to try something."
"Yeah...sure...ok..." I said, willing to promise him anything. Then his words registered. "Wait, what movies? Porn?"
Sherlock slumped farther down in the chair, opening his legs wider. John watched as he loosened his grip, clearly wanting to take his time. There were no more clandestine trip to the loo for sad wanks. When he masturbated he did it without apology and sometimes he requested John's voice in his ear as he did so. He had an equal affinity for both the naughty and the nice. He loved when John talked dirty to him, when he extolled the virtues of his hard cock, when he spoke blatantly about how he wanted to fuck him and be fucked by him. But he was just as excited when his boyfriend spoke tenderly, sweetly, gently about how beautiful he was, how beautiful they were together and how he'd always, always wanted this, even when he didn't know how to express it. He also enjoyed a combination of both, the commands, the demands but always concluded with the sweetest of 'Sweetheart's'.
"I know how to please a woman, John, I simply have no interest in doing so. Well, perhaps I don't anymore, I think I deleted it. The point is, it's academic. it's textbook, like most things I assume. And each kiss and orgasm got me that much closer Magnussen and Appledore and putting a bullet in his head."
"No, it's not just that it's the low hum of conversation. I don't know it just sets my teeth on edge."
Rosie clapped excitedly and still smiling at her, Sherlock, without missing a beat said: "Go on, Harry."
Sherlock returned some 10 minutes later telling them quietly that Rosie was now sleeping quite soundly on the bed, buffeted by many blankets and pillows.
The word "Pripyat" was written in Hanah's hand and he remembered now when she'd placed the envelope atop the box.
"Oh, John." He said and he looked so interminably sad John thought his heart might break just there. "
"He did what he always does with people. He figured me out on sight. It was incredibly unnerving. I mean, by this point you know me, I like to play things close to the vest. I don't like to reveal too much. But he just saw right through me, he saw everything."
"Look, it's just my opinion but a drug is a drug and an addiction is an addiction. You're still an alcoholic in recovery. Now you're also a drug addict in recovery. I think you'll find the same message you need to hear in these meetings. But if you ever feel we're not satisfying you I absolutely encourage you to keep looking. It won't hurt my feelings. But keep coming while you look."
"No matter. You're priceless." John replied. "Taste." He said holding his finger to Sherlock's lips.
"If you're thinking, what the hell does he know? You're right. I don't know anything. I've got 90 days today. And before I realized I was an alcoholic I likely had 90 days then too but I wasn't counting and I didn't care. I am absolutely thick-headed when it comes to this. I'm no smarter than you or stronger than you. I'm just another bloke who whinged and bitched and complained and raged and talked and cried and shut myself off and opened myself up and managed to put another 24 hours on the clock. That's it. That's all 90 days is. I wish there was some secret formula, I truly do, but there's not. I'm just 90 days ahead of you. Looking ahead scares me. I don't know what's coming, what I'll do, who I'll be. The only John I can account for is the one standing before you today. The one rooted in this 24-hour cycle. And he's decided to take a hard pass on having a drink. I hope he'll make the same decision tomorrow and the next day and the day after that. I'm going to make damn sure that he tries. That's all. Um, thank you so much for your support and for this." He said holding up the chip.
to get a rise out of Greg. He always did that when he was surprised by something. He didn't like to be taken off guard. It made him feel unsteady and this was his way of reclaiming his space.
There under his 30 and 60-day chips was Hanah's number. Grabbing it he hurried out of his room and down the hallway to the desk.
"That night. Give me a man...I forget now but it was something about being a slave to passion, I think? I asked you to finish it but you wouldn't."
The package was for him though he didn't recognize it at first. Mostly because he didn't remember placing the order. A gentle shake revealed the relaxing sound of pills rattling in a bottle and he released a soft chuckle.
"Good, because that foundation is what Family Weekend is based on. It's meant to occur when you've built enough trust in your therapist, the program and yourself. It's also meant for you to face head-on the effects of your addiction and behavior on the people you love most. It's going to be hard but I think you're ready for this and I think it's a good thing."
"Nope, on your feet. We're going to make dinner for ourselves." John stood and stretched having finally returned to the pleasant mood he'd been in before he left.
They started to walk away from the stand, each carrying a jar of honey in one hand while linking their free hands.
After dinner, he convinced Sherlock to go outside with him and trudge through the thick heavy snow to a spot where it was cold and quiet and just them alone. The storm had broken, at least temporarily, and all above their heads were stars upon stars.
And he did, his knackers drew up sharply and he came hard, ejaculate drizzling down Sherlock's closed, skilled fist.
"Open it for her, slowly, she can't manage it herself. Then take out the toy inside. It's not accurate or to scale but I doubt she'll mind. But first show her the wrapping paper. We're trying to get her to know her animals."
"You couldn't be more spot on than if you were in my head." He said with a helpless gesture. She still knew how to slice and dice him, open him up, peer inside and get started on clearing out all the muck. It hurt, it was frightening and embarrassing but he needed it and he needed her. Because, oh, how the bullshit did back up, clogging him like a stopped up drain when he let it.
"I need to make sure he's alright. Those were your words to me a few days back. Why do you have to do this? He has a very attentive brother. He has parents who are still vital and living."
"Nothing at all. I just find it funny." At that moment Mycroft's mobile buzzed and he took it out to glance at it. "I'm afraid I'll need to cut this shorter than I would like. Duty calls. The car outside will take you back I've called another."
"Drifted ap- you can't drift apart from your own child!" He very nearly shouted and she turned on him quick as could be.
Janine nodded and left briefly to grab Rosie and all the bags and toys that were part and parcel of any visit.
“It felt wonderful. One of the best moment of my life. I got a job at a newspaper, doing little write-ups of local events under the name Ormond Sacker. I chose the most ridiculous pen name I could imagine. I don’t know why. I even stopped introducing myself as John after a while. Went by just J. or that brief period where I thought Hamish might sound cool. No idea what I was thinking there.”
I would wake up and I swear I could smell that stink of burning flesh. I could hear my men shouting. Duck shouting.
I've been more vocal about this in other stories I've written but just a line or two here; The John I'm writing and I believe the John we were given, likes and loves Mary. I like Mary, I've always liked Mary. I don't, can't and won't subscribe to the idea of her being this unrepentant, malevolent harpy and I absolutely won't write her that way. The point, at least the point of the story I'm trying to tell, is that they are all incredibly damaged people. All three of them. Complicated, dangerous, careless, foolish people who each made awful mistakes. But those mistakes and the destruction caused don't need to be weighed on a balancing scale. And if they are weighed we don't have to discard or vilify the person who might
"I've just the thing. And if Daddy would be so good as to provide the sound effects?" Sherlock asked him.
"John, I would never, ever hurt you. Not you, never you." He was so painfully earnest I almost couldn't bear it.
"Sorry." He'd mumbled around the shaft in his mouth. Sherlock had nodded and threaded his fingers through his hair.
He next had a heart to heart with Janine which was surprisingly not-awkward given the announcement he'd just made. With Rosie in his arms, he told her about how he knew he was pawning his daughter off on her. How he hadn't had food poisoning at all that night, but rather had gotten embarrassingly drunk instead. Except he hadn't been embarrassed at the time. That and a thousand other transgressions She too forgave him and he felt awash with relief.
"I'm really glad to hear that and believe me, I know what you mean. It's not easy when our other problems are also tangled up in being in just stepping out of the closet."
So, that whole back-to-work thing was a bit short lived. I had a row with a patient. They recognized me and they remembered you and they just kept going on and on and on. The next thing I knew I shouting. It's like I can't bear to hear people talk about you. Even though I want to talk about you all the time.
per se but our relationship...our marriage was so new, so tested...so odd. I think we would have gotten better, Mary. I don't think we failed, you know? We just needed time, time that we didn't get. We didn't fail."
"What?" He asked and was immediately uncomfortable by the way his voice raised up at the end. "What on earth are you on about?"
It was just as well, John was eager to return home anyway. He wiped his hands clean on his napkin before standing.
John turned his head and their lips met easily, as though they'd been doing this from their first day together.
So group. That's your first safety net. AA and NA meetings are like buses there is always another one you can catch. You can always another one going on somewhere if you miss your first choice. But I urge you to find a first choice and then stick with it. Don't let missing out on one be an excuse to flake on the rest.
"I started with 4 to 6 and upped it from there. I think I averaged 20 - 25 per day but this past day. Or rather these past few days I believe I exceeded that."
"No, but don't you understand. It flared up, then it would ease and seemingly for no reason it would flare up again. It was the worst it's been lately, tonight especially. And now it's gone."
"I know it's difficult but if you're looking you can't go about still wearing that wedding ring. It looks as though you're still attached."
the end of the story, obviously. And while I promised only one more chapter or maybe two, I'm already up to over 17,000+ words and I'm not finished yet. So, I made an executive decision and decided it's just becoming too unwieldy to cram it into one chapter.
“I didn’t have time to be afraid. That was a luxury. When I dawdled or waited...there was this one time-” But John stopped short. His mouth was starting to run away to a place his mind had no desire to go.
John watched Sherlock bend down before them and retrieve Bumbly before disappearing again out of sight.
"Idiotic. I am a barely recovering heroin addict. Is there anything in my past that would even remotely signal I would do well with your loss? With such a devastating trauma? If he truly believed that he's slipping."
"I know you are." He said matching John's volume and tone. He knew what the apology was for. It didn't need to be said. Still, the images flashed through John's mind. The punches landing. Then Sherlock landing on the ground. Then kicking. Fuck. Kicking him again and again until he was pulled away. The worst bit not that he saw fear in his best friend's eyes; but acceptance. Acquiescence. Agreement.
"Mmmhmm I also remember putting my feet on your chair but not daring to be as forward as I'm being now."
Freed of worries about who they and what they mean to each other Sherlock always became either heavy blanket or clinging octopus after intimacy. He either choose to lie completely atop John, heavy and warm and glorious, or suction to him, pinning him in every way he's ever wanted to be pinned. Sherlock was so wonderfully inescapable in bed and John realized it was what he'd always wanted; to be completely possessed by Sherlock Holmes. To physically be at his mercy.
"I think it was impulsive. But I don't want you to think I think impulsive is a bad word. It isn't. Impulsivity can be wonderful. Do you think it was a bad idea?"
How long had I dreamed of this, all of this, the taste of his skin, taking gentle bites at his flesh, kissing his chest, running my tongue over his nipples, moving down further, tracing wet patterns over his ribcage, following that trail of hair from his belly button lower, and lower.
He was hard already just at the thought. He debated on whether it was proper to let Sherlock see that clearly when he came out of the loo. Ah, the great question, keep the covers where they were and let the bulge be concealed until the unveiling? Or bring the sheets down and let him get an eye full of just what was waiting beneath his pyjama trousers? He opted to keep the sheets as they were.
"Because I'm the only dead person you trust. You've only ever truly trusted three people, John. Me, Sherlock and Sholto. You have kept your life very, very bare. Spartan, I'd call it. Never too many possessions or roots or obligations. You dreaded having coffee with Mike Stamford that day. You play things close to the vest and you live like you are bivouacking. Sherlock and I let you persist in this fantasy that you were subconsciously drawn to us but it's not true. My life was littered with hints that I wasn't giving you the full story."
And he imagined to anyone on the outside it looked like a Goddamned cliche. Hit's 30 days, gets his chip - which he still treasured, by the way - and immediately decides to rest on his laurels.
He leaned forward in his chair covering his face with his hand's visions of the worst of it all flashing through his head. Sherlock high. Sherlock lying on the floor in a filthy crack house. Sherlock coming down. Sherlock in pain. Sherlock pleading for a fix. Sherlock throwing himself into his work because it was the only thing that could make him ok. Sherlock throwing himself into their friendship because it was the only thing that could make him smile.
John happily returned to the two of them and Rosie extended a hand to grab onto his shirt. He drew closer and finally wrapped an arm tightly around Sherlock's waist feeling both their bodies against his. They stood there quietly rocking the little girl as she calmed and rested her head on Sherlock's shoulder, still gripping John's shirt.
"John, listen to him." Hanah interrupted. "He's saying he doesn't mind waiting. You should acknowledge that."
"This is insufferable, John! Everyone and I do mean everyone has clogged up our inbox with well wishes. They're asking us where we're
He tried to smile in return but couldn't quite do it. The realization was suddenly hitting him that he was still here. He'd failed in the most absurd of ways.
"Well, I think you were brilliant today in therapy. I believe you held you own in an unsteady situation."
He paused. Should he go lower still? Ultimately he decided yes and sank his fingers into the tense, solid flesh and muscle of his glutes. Sherlock had been growing ever increasingly loud but the sounds now as John massaged his arse was a cross between a yelp and a sob.
"You said she was smart." She replied as she set the item in the trolley just before locking eyes with him. "How smart?"
"You've no idea how glad Daddy is to see you. I missed you, Rosebud. I'm so, so lucky to have you. And I'm going to make certain you know just how much you were and are wanted."
"Mr. Holmes, I'm very sorry but we didn't know you were coming. We can have a room prepared in 30 or so minutes if you'll just come back up to the desk then. In the meantime, perhaps John, can show you where he's staying?"
"I'm not." He said and swallowed. No turning back now. "I am fulfilled when you're here and empty when you're gone. The last part is what I'd like to change. When this first happened I didn't know what to do or what it meant. You have this image of yourself, this list of things you think you have all sorted even if everything else is in flux. Sexuality, who you want to sleep with...who you want to make love to, it's all sorted. It's done. You never have to worry about it again. And then something like this happens. I fancy you, Sherlock. Whether I can wrap my head around that or not, it's true and I'm not going to fight it anymore. I gave up fighting it intellectually about 4 months ago. I'm ready to give up fighting it physically as well."
He'd never visited Harry in rehab. They had been long estranged by the time she'd checked herself in some place. He had seen places on TV but they looked nothing like this. In the end, he'd been dropped off in a meeting already in session. He took a seat in a metal folding chair and quietly observed.
I dropped my hand which revealed a very proud little grin on his face. He made a show of heading over to the bed and flopping down upon it. He reached into his bedside table and pulled out the previously unseen toy confirming my suspicions.
The tachycardia, the sweating and then a respite, this sort of cool vacuum of silence where everything went still, almost muffled. He knew this period, this was the time where his body decided to override his fear, his panic, his stress and just propel him where he needed to go so he could do what he needed to do. In this case, it was as simple as threatening a man with a camera and scarpering into a cab but his mind didn't know that. It didn't recognize the mundane, it didn't recognize much and wouldn't...until the shaking took over. He'd once heard someone in the Army describe it as "Pac-Manning out".
He liked learning what Sherlock liked and he liked watching excitement bloom in his eyes as he had what could only be termed a sexual awakening. It was lovely and brilliant and John felt lucky to be the sole witness.
I ignored him, heading towards his bedroom and then his bath. I switched on the shower to warm up the water and gathered a change of clothes for him and set them in there as well.
"Just one or two I'm looking for repeats," He said and then paused. "Hmmm, they're asking us about taking each other's names. This is about the fifth one I've come across."
"If this goes badly. If there's conflict or stress can you accept that it isn't an excuse to return to old habits. That's when what you learned here should kick in and not when you should drop it all together. That's going to be the temptation. That's where your mind and body are going to want to go. The sad truth is there will be times it seems they are fighting against you getting and staying well. I think it's good to prepare for that."
Ah yes, He'd left the pill bottle on the nightstand. He tried not to stiffen in his arms but felt it was unlikely he succeeded. He didn't want to be questioned about this, about something so small and insignificant, not now.
"Maybe taking her with you tonight might help talk Clara into it? Could she say no to this face?" He said as he pulled back.
"Hi John, I am sorry to bother you like this." She began but was nearly cut off by wailing in the background.
There is a path...that I would like to have walked with you. I don't know if I knew it when we met. I don't know when I knew it but I know it now.
This was everything. This was perfection. This was heaven. And there wasn't a part of him that wanted it disturbed.
"I spent years in the army, my most recent job was hunting criminals in the heart of London and when I wasn't doing that I was telling people they either had cancer or they didn't. I don't do gray." He replied derisively.
I swear that I only meant to slap him. But somehow on the way to his face my hand curled into a fist just before it connected with his jaw.
"Right then, this will keep until tomorrow. I'm off to bed." John said, his last word punctuated with a yawn. He stood up from his chair, stretched and crossed the short distance between himself and Sherlock. Taking his chin in his hand he turned his mates face away from his laptop screen. He gave him a kiss, simple, soft. "See you later." He said, straightening up and heading towards his bedroom.
They'd had two more goes for a grand total of three. Three times and each time John was immensely pleased to see his cock was ready for action when duty called.
Every visit had been difficult. Each and ever one, first one included. Hanah had been kind enough to forward Dr. Gregory, his new therapist, her notes and since he was in the know, for lack of a better phrase those two things combined made it so John could speak freely.
"Look, Harry, I know you think I'm a family-abandoning bastard and that's why we've never gotten on-"
"That's all very normal," Hanah replied but Sherlock made a small disbelieving grumble in his throat.
He hated analyzing his behavior but he was getting better at the exercise. "I guess...it was impulsive, spur of the moment. It was certainly ill conceived. I wasn't prepared to just jump back into that life again. Go from enforcer to student but I did a pretty good imitation of it. I got good grades and 5 years later I was a GP."
John hadn't thought much about it really. It was natural and practical. After Mary's death, after he finally began to find purchase on solid emotional ground, after Rosie had gotten a little older he tentatively stepped a foot into the dating world and then both feet. But nothing ever stuck. No woman ever rooted herself in his heart. Nothing seemed to flower there anymore. It was fun, going out, having a few, hopping into a new bed for a night. But it never got serious. He never stayed. And when they pressed for more he pulled away. For the most part, Sherlock still had his evenings, his mornings, his afternoons and everything in-between.
"Let's go with a picture." He said leaning forward. Sherlock took out his phone and John raised his hand in a wave and smiled as he snapped.
But that was for the future. At present Sherlock's voice was escaping his lips in stuttering little moans, his hand working just a little faster.
"I'm not really sure if he is anymore. We kind of had a falling out. What I did, what I was about to do really hurt him. He found me. He got me to the hospital. And then I think he uh...ended things between us. Ended the friendship."
He listened as Sherlock's breathing quickened and he slowly started to reanimate. His hands found their way to John's body, cheek, neck, chest and lower.
He'd had the option not to pick up, of course. Calls that showed up on his mobile caller ID with no name or number were Mycroft. They were always Mycroft. It all felt so needlessly cloak-and-dagger ad silly. Some mornings John felt as though he'd been in an old episode of
I hate you. I hate that you're gone. I hate that you left. I hate what the loss of you has done to me. I hate that I feel worse than before I met you.
"You're lucky you're handsome. Otherwise, you'd be an enormous pain in the arse. Alright, well, when you're near ready I'll leave first. There's a swarm of paparazzi outside, I may be able to get them to trail after me like ducklings."
One night, mid-dream he realized it was like him, the forest. Alive but dead. Dead but unable to die.
"A lot of people think you should tell me kill myself." He read on, scanning down one page and another and another. "With this level of venom, you'd think they knew me personally." He joked but it fell flat. "Oh, here are a few who are offering to take me out for a drink, isn't that nice? Has it been like this? Since December, I mean."
"John if we give in now she'll know we're pushovers. We must stand strong." Sherlock said suppressing a laugh of his own. It seemed it was infectious.
John groaned at being so commanded. Chatty Sherlock. Sexy Sherlock. Confident Sherlock, able to express his needs and wants, yes, absolutely fucking yes to all of that.
The past week had seen him go to bed exhausted. Not the emotional exhaustion from before but the physical kind, the good kind. The tight, sore-muscled and utterly spent. The case was a good one, all encompassing, thrilling and a little dangerous.
"I beg to differ. You made yourself, so dangerous, so volatile, so explosive, so hellbent on self-destruction that most people, even those closest to you would know it was time to back away from the coming implosion. Addiction is never just about getting high, John. Would that it were that simple."
He felt warm, deliciously, optimistically warm. It was happening, after so long, it was happening and he didn't care if it wasn't what he was used to or what he expected he just wanted it to happen and happen now. He finally wanted to say these words to him.
"Yes." He replied without a hint of apology. "The day we do it is up to you but please give me some notice to clear my schedule."
Somewhere around 8 and 1/2 minutes later they were both writhing in bed, John atop Sherlock, pinning his arms down as he nibbled on his bottom lip.
Amy offered the group a tired, grateful and shy smile as she accepted the coin. She was about to return to her seat when Reggie stopped her.
John's mind immediately rushed back to the gruesome overblown ads he'd seen in the back of gents magazines he'd stolen from his dad when he was 12. The same sort of ads that still appeared as pop-ups on some of the porn sites he frequented now and again.
John thought back for a moment. Back to all the precise and clumsily imprecise ways that he sought to remove himself from people lives. The truth of the matter was no one wants to be around a drunk and no one wants to be around one who's spiraling toward their demise. Well...there was one person. One he just couldn't shake no matter what he did.
"So what happens, we meet, we hit it off, we're solving cases together and within days of knowing me you shoot a man, killing him dead and saving my life."
"Everything can't be my trigger. Silence and noise, company and solitude, it doesn't make sense." He said to Hanah. "So maybe it's me. Maybe I trigger myself." The idea of that terrified him because how, exactly, could he divide himself from himself. It felt hopeless but his therapist smiled.
I delete all texts that begin with "Hi", "Howdy", "Hey", "Yo" or any other variation on a greeting that wastes my time and tries my patience.
After the awful shame, he felt the panic sink him. He was well in this, now, well fucking in and he couldn't just stop. Then it occurred to him. His shoulder. It was right there in his medical records and the scar was visible for anyone to see. Chronic pain.
"Now..." John continued. "If I ask you something will you take it at face value and not like I'm insinuating something?"
He disembarked and it was back into another vehicle, this time an SUV and he promptly went back to sleep again. When he did finally arrive he was surprised to see snow, surprised to see mountains and surprised to see that it was just about sunrise.
"I see. Right." John kept scrolling and the messages kept coming. Most of them seemed to have arrived within the last hour or so.
"He greeted me with surprising warmth and after a short chat, I decided I just wanted to go home. I'd had enough reunions for the day and could stand but one more. I entered Baker Street and nearly scared Mrs. Hudson to death. But after she calmed she hugged me and fed me and hugged me again. As I ate in her kitchen she went upstairs to the flat and changed the bedding and made it presentable enough for me to have a decent nights sleep. I told her it wasn't necessary. I would have been happy to sleep on the floor, but she wouldn't be persuaded. I finished eating, cleaned my plate at her insistence and then headed upstairs. I bid her goodnight and went into my bedroom to get some rest. I thought she had gone back downstairs. It was quite late and I'd promised to catch her up on everything the next day. But I suppose while I couldn't hear her, she could hear me.  I was taking off my shirt and she must have heard...heard me whimper because she did something she never does. She came into my bedroom. Didn't even knock. I was embarrassed and angry and tried to shoo her out but once she saw-"
This was the lie you spoke aloud as fast and as strongly as you could because you hoped it would become honest. You hoped you could breathe life into it like a golem and it would take the shape of truth if not become truth itself.
"Not as of yet as I'd rather do it in person. I don't speak to them often as you know. And I admit if I see they're calling I let it go to voicemail."
"You just what?" John asked before reaching behind him. He blindly turned on the bedside lamp and also retrieved a jar he'd placed just beside it. The jar had been in the bedroom for awhile but instinct had taught him it might be best to have it in arm’s reach tonight.
"But when you do get it, oh, you coast off it for days don't you? That's the good stuff isn't it? It crawls into your veins and it makes you feel like a big man. You smile a bit brighter, walk a bit taller, fuck women a bit harder but it doesn't last. Except here comes Sherlock with a little drug problem. And you're back on the case. It's like shooting fish in a barrel isn't it? I go missing. You set off to find me. You yank me from my den of inequity. Pull me home, clean me up and I, repentant and contrite admit that you John Watson are my savior, my better, my superior. And you get your hit and it makes you so hard doesn't it?"
I leapt to my feet focused on subduing him. Grabbing him by the collar of his shirt I spun him about. The nearest flat surface was the wall by our door. I pushed him against it bringing my forearm against his clavicle pinning him there.
He'd yet to hear the full story of how they met. If she'd come to him for help. Implored him. But they'd known each other for years now and she had only grown dearer to him, he knew that much. He knew enough. Sherlock loved Mrs. Martha Lousie Hudson, body and soul. He wanted her presence, needed her presence and this fact was so well known that she made her way to Moriarty's kill list. Mrs. Hudson who he trusted enough to know that she'd secured The Woman's phone from his second best dressing gown. Mrs. Hudson who, if she left Baker Street, England fall. But perhaps it wasn't England that Sherlock was worried about falling.
"No...he wouldn't dare strike again tonight. He'll resurface tomorrow and that's when we'll make our play."
"Well count me amongst the 'it took long enough' crowd. Why do you think I suggested you two as flatmates in the first place?" Mike said cheerfully.
"Though if you expect me to shed any tears because a rapist got a few bones in his face broken you came to the wrong guy."
"Alright, well, I met you on August 5th and just before that I had decided that on August 8th I was going to kill myself."
When all was said and done Pripyat was evacuated except for the remaining souls left to contain and battle the meltdown at the plant.
He came with a broken sort of cry, the sound echoing off the walls as he pumped into Sherlock's mouth. He watched through lidded eyes as his lover's hand worked rapidly just out of view before he too moaned low in his throat. John caresses his face through a few more nearly deepthroated sucks before pulling away and looking up devilishly licking his lips. He quickly tucked John back into his shorts, trousers and then zipped him up before doing the same for himself.
And there it was. Not with a bang but a whimper. All that pressure and tension, all that energy and fear that he had felt barrelling toward him vanished.
"Actually, it's his real name. Mr. Comb. Uncle Rudy gave me my first education on bees when I was a boy but Mr. Comb was instrumental as well. He was a very bright spot of my childhood and he also gave me a
He turned to see a man of an average height and average build with average dark hair standing in the doorway a box in hand.
"Yeah, whatever." The kid who John supposed was likely called Caden or Camden or Cennedy replied before adding. "Wait! I know you!"
"Yes. Please. Deeper." He kept his words short. Opening his mouth felt dangerous because he really didn't trust might come out. Instead he made a slight move to pull his trousers lower. He wasn't wearing pants and if not for the sheet he was using to cover himself his cock would have been exposed.
John took a deep breath as apparently, the things he needed to 'give some thought' were stacking up rather high.
John listened genially but every time he glanced at Sherlock he saw him twisting in on himself tighter and tighter. He wanted to reach out, to grab his hand to be a steadying presence. But he was reluctant to jump the gun. This was Sherlock's show. At least for now. Sherlock could lead and he could follow. That was more than fine. He was more than certain that he'd feel better once it was all out in the open. He knew he would.
His body went stiff and suddenly he was propelled a million miles away back to every dark thought and action. Away from his attention and affection. Perhaps occupying his mind with only feeling what Sherlock was doing to him, for him, wasn't enough. Maybe it would never be enough.
It had to be tamed, all of its niggling desires had to be, if not deleted then relegated to the recesses of my brain. The mind palace began as a respite from the noise, a place where I could work out just how to defeat my body. I learned by studying Cicero and the Method of Ioci that one could construct in one's mind a place of retreat, introspection, a place to make sense of things away from the cacophony of that awful transition from boyhood to manhood. When I mastered it and effectively emerged I had removed myself from certain liabilities."
"I realized that the things my body wanted were in direct opposition to my mind. The cares of one had to be jettisoned for the benefit of the other. My body wasn't doing me any favors, John.
"Fuck..." He swore into the pillow. God it was good, so good and his whole body started to tingle in that familiar feeling, that feeling that was not wanted in this place, at this moment with this person. "Sherlock...wait..." he said but it was so soft, so breathless he didn't blame the other man for not hearing him.
"Right, of course." He said with a nod, his eyes locked on the road ahead. "Though, perhaps a weekend was ambitious of us."
"No party this time, right?" John asked as they sat in the car, the rehab facility already just a small dot in the distance. "I don't really want or deserve one for that matter."
Everyone who knew him greeted him with a hearty welcome, congratulations, a bracing hug, a kiss on the cheek and a "Well done!". It felt nice. He didn't need his decision to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock validated. But still...to be embraced like this, it felt nice.
He pulled away just for a moment, just for air. Later he would wonder how far he'd intended to go. But it didn't matter because they could both hear Molly's footsteps on the stairs.
He instantly hated himself for it. He didn't want to put him off, push him away. It was an old defense mechanism but why did he feel the need to be defensive against his partner. Fuck, probably something he needed to talk to Hanah about. Add it to the goddamn, ever growing list.
At first he felt self conscious of the hands on his stomach. He'd come home to Sherlock as thin as a rake but he'd fattened up ever so slightly in the beginning and then far more than he needed to as time went on. There was now only a slight roundness to his belly. Nothing that necessitated needing to size up his clothes or add an extra hole to his belt. But still, he'd looked at the small protrusion in the bathroom mirror with a scowl whenever he saw it. But Sherlock seemed to have no such negative feelings.
And she knew that. If memory served she even tried to caution him once or twice, to pull, back, take it slow, consider...but it had all been in vain. He'd bought the ring without a second thought. He was going to propose and they would marry and fill the house with children and he would be Dr. John Watson with that ridiculous mustache and she would be Mary Mortsan Watson, nurse and mother extraordinaire and they would live happily ever after. And he would mourn Sherlock, in his heart and his soul until he was cold in the ground.
"The problem is...this," She said gesturing between the two of them. "Feels incomplete as well. I don't like half-assing things and I don't like passing off my work to someone else."
I was so cross and jealous of you when he came back. When it became clear that you knew he was alive that whole time. But until recently, arse that I am, I never gave it a second thought. I never considered what a burden that was for you to bear. Or how hard it was for you to lose him too, even knowing he wasn't dead. No one had an easy time with this, those who knew and those who didn't. I apologize for my uncharitable and childishly jealous thoughts about you.
"You deserve an apology from me. A real apology. I'm sorry for how I acted the other day. I picked a fight with you when you weren't doing anything except trying to express how you wanted to take care of Rosie and I. You care about me. You love me and you're likely worried that any undue stress might push me some place neither of us want me to be. You were just being kind and I cut you off at the knees. I'm sorry, Sherlock. Please forgive me. Oh and you're right, I bloody hate being a GP. I hate it. But something tells me I need to do this. Maybe that something is wrong but I need to find out for myself. And I promise I'll take it easy. Will you forgive me?"
The only reason he was teetering on wakefulness was because of a nagging pain in his tooth. This meant he was aware when Sherlock slowly pulled away and slipped out of bed.
"Sherlock, while I may agree with you, perhaps the parent luncheon was not the proper time for you to start giving a lecture on the solar system. Not to mention I thought you deleted all that."
It was so obvious his boyfriend was trying to suppress a shy smile and John grinned enough for the both of them.
"No, I know you don't like that because you don't consider yourself to be a vain man. But languishing in apology after apology while never A) clearing the air about what you were actually angry about and B) not accepting forgiveness when it had been given is vain and self-serving. It avoids doing the work in favor of lamenting past work undone. We're here for truth, John, you and Sherlock and me. Truth about why you really assaulted him, truth about why you drink, truth about why you felt unable to vent your anger about your best friend
These were the times he not so subtly begged Sherlock for distraction; a case, a board game, a walk around the block, anything except something physical. He'd muddled their bedroom activity enough and was determined not to do that anymore.
"I need some air. I can't just sit here. I need a break. And I'm-I'm not asking. I'll be back in 5 or 10."
"You heard him. You heard him say it. He knows. He knows but he's too afraid to say anything. He turns it over and over in his mind day after day trying to figure out a way in and he can't come up with it and it is driving him mad. And do you know why he's afraid? Because of what Hanah said about not policing you. At first, he wasn't sure. He was giving you the benefit of the doubt but over the past few months, it's become quite clear. What you're doing and how much you're doing. He's terrified of you leaving him. But he is rapidly drawing near the point where he would rather have you hate him and be safe than love him and descend so far into this no one can get you out."
"Yeah, thanks. But, my point still stands. He hasn't written or called or texted or anything. It doesn't take a genius..." He trailed off and laughed mirthlessly. "It doesn't take a Sherlock Holmes to get that message."
"Sherlock-...no..." He didn't want that. He didn't want that at all. He sat forward with the intention to stand but even that slight movement made him dizzy.
"It's ok. It doesn't hurt right now. Is it ok if we get naked?" John asked and his best friend nodded. Faster than was needed John removed his pants and Sherlock did the same.
Lunch was just as opulent as breakfast and following that it was time for one-on-one therapy sessions.
"Alright then, maybe it's me. Maybe I am... a coward." I said sadly unable to meet his eyes. This was too much. Too soon. What was I thinking? Who did I imagine I was, all of a sudden? Up and changing sexuality like a chameleon. I loved him. Of course I did. It wasn't something we said but it was implied. He was the best mate I had ever had and I loved him. But I didn't expect this from either of us.
"Hmm? Oh, James. He's a friend I met here. MI5, we apparently worked with him indirectly at some point."
"I do. I liked Ella as well but there wasn't much she could do for me because I lied to her at every turn."
"You didn't disturb me." He said already moving to close the bedroom door. "We'll talk tomorrow, alright."
Getting up from his seat he gathered his sister in his arms. How long had it been since they'd held each other? Touched without some barrier, some deep seated anger they'd agreed to suppress just for the moment. Maybe going back as far as the journal entry she'd read. Or at least it sometimes felt like that.
Sherlock brought his hands to the hem of his t-shirt and leaning forward he pulled up and over his head.
The pain in his chest felt acute, sharp, piercing. He meant what he'd told Sherlock, Rosie had chosen as was her right to do. It made sense, it all made sense and he had no right to be upset with either of them. He was only upset with himself.
"I guess...I might have had a thing for Sholto. But I'm only seeing that now looking back. Hindsight is 20/20 and all that." John sighed. It was still strange to admit these things aloud. "Harry's gay. She never really had to figure it out at least as far as I remember. She always knew so we always knew. Though I doubt if I asked her it would be as simple as that. They say it can run in families."
"Alright." Sherlock replied before making his way over to his laptop. He seated himself in his chair and began working at the keys. After a moment John got an email alert. "There's your new address and password."
The tears dried and Rosie smiled and laughed as only a toddler could at the big faces and antics of her fathers. Eventually, though, John watched as her eyelids grew heavier and long before the last clomp and before the troll finally fell off the bridge she was asleep. Sherlock had been bringing the volume of his voice further and further down until it was barely a whisper. He finished the story and added "Goodnight, Honey Bee."
"Alright, lunch is served." Harry said setting down a plate in front of each of them along with a mug of tea.
A few more people came in and seated themselves. As best John could tell no one else had the same unsure, new person look he must have been wearing. Quite a few people smiled or acknowledged him in some way and he nodded or smiled in return.
"I didn't have my phone. It would have been a liability so I left it at Baker Street and got a burner."
. And other matters as well." Sherlock was starting to appear flustered and John put down the menu with a frown of concern. "We should address this, I think."
It had felt so good to come so close to sampling a swift death. Not the well. That creeping, slow moving danger had felt too much like his own regular life. The steadily rising water, the inevitability of it all.
The sandwiches had turned hard and unappetizing and they ended up placing another takeout order. They ate and talked quietly about nothing in particular comparatively speaking. Rosie awakened, John retrieved her and sitting on the floor they all played until it was time for Harry to leave.
"I did stay in the house, for almost a year after she died. Nearly drank myself to death and tried to kill myself on Christmas Eve."
"Yeah...we should absolutely do the PR for this fine establishment," James said before slapping the table with the palms of his hand impatiently. "Christ, I'm not really even hungry. Have you been outside this place?"
feared and thinking back to what Molly had said, how Sherlock had looked in the kitchen and how he'd looked days ago, thin, pale, eyes rimmed red, it made perfect sense.
Once it was lit John set the candle down and slowly brought his partner in for a kiss. Thankfully if not surprisingly he came willingly. Their lips touched, the taste a mix of fresh tobacco, smoke, and tears.
"Lucky. Because I loved her but there were places she wouldn't let me go. Just like there were places I wouldn't let her go. It was an elegant solution. But after she told me everything, after we mended things it got harder. Because I was still hiding shit but she wasn't."
"Oh, she made you this." Harry said handing Sherlock a piece of paper that was scrawled with crayon. "She says it's a mystery map, at least that's what I think she was trying to say. She drew it right after you read her that story."
Orgasms may sound mysterious, some sort of special confluence only to be achieved by genitalia or hand but in truth it was just a function of the autonomic nervous system like any other. Nerve endings, that was all. A massage stimulated nerve endings. A massage that released pent up tension and energy and stress and God knows what else could bring about an orgasm. It could happen by way of a shoulder, a foot, a neck, anything. Anything at all.
She grinned, relieved he'd gotten the idea. Rosie watched carefully as he took the same wipe and ran it gently over the toys frozen facial features. Once she was satisfied she pulled Bumbly away and then held him close.
"No, I like women. I loved Mary, very much. But I also love you. And I love you as much, much more than just a friend. I don't have a single reservation about being in a relationship with you. Being with you period. I don't know, what does that make me bi?"
"Not wrong, exactly." This had to be handled with kid gloves. "I thought you were asking me to go to bed with you."
But now John realized he'd been so wrong. What he thought was Sherlock delighting in playing him for a fool was really a poor performance on his best mates part. Trying desperately and simultaneously to both shield and reveal his true feelings.
After hanging up John quickly texted his partner. He liked that words, liked the way it felt to feel it, say it, think it; partner.
At that John burst out laughing and a frustrated Rosie, her patience at an end turned around and shushed them.
My heart isn't racing all the time anymore. I don't feel as paranoid anymore though the anxiety is still there. I'm no longer sleepy all the time or dizzy or unfocused. That burning, raw feeling in my nose from snorting has vanished. I'm not constantly nauseous and that bloody itch is finally gone as well. The remnants of the rash are essentially gone.
"Hmph." John said non committally. It wasn't that he didn't want the same thing. He did. It was just...the idea of her taking the lead rubbed him the wrong way. She was the one who needed to realize certain things, accept them, come to grips with them. Not him. It was never him.
I'm starting to ate this phone. The "H" is almost completely worn out. It works intermittently but mostly every text I send sounds like I was born a stone's throw from Bow Bells.
"I...don't really try anymore. I guess I got tired of the disappointment. But when I tried to nothing, it didn't work. Just flaccid."
"No." He said doing his best to keep the sharpness from his tone. "I've really got to go." He said adding a forced chuckle.
"You don't actually mean that. Your wife died. You're likely still in shock, you're grieving. I think a bit of disconnect is only natural."
He felt the puffs of breath against the back of his neck, felt the heat from Sherlock's body almost, almost touching him.
The world grayed, then pinpointed and just before it blackened for what he assumed was for good, he did have a final thought.
But when he turned he saw the camera. A great beast of a thing balanced on a shoulder, fuzzy microphone jutting out.
That had hurt. John had tried to shake off the feeling in the shower but it remained, lingering. When he'd last spoken to Hanah they discussed self-esteem both pre and post-rehab. Even as he was saying to her he felt good. That he'd always felt rather good, he knew he was lying. He was in fact, easily crushed. The truth of that embarrassed him to no end which of course, Hanah said was a useless and unhelpful emotion. But that didn't exactly change the situation. And though he was loath to admit it, his self-esteem had just taken a heavy hit all courtesy of Sherlock. Was he touching him too much? Was his too clingy? Too affectionate? Too much? Some of his past girlfriends would have laughed at that thought. John Watson, too emotionally involved? Chance would be a fine thing, they'd say. Now, too horny? That's whole other situation altogether. Always up for it, always eager, always willing to lift a skirt or pull down some panties, always with one thing on his mind...
"I don't know. I keep putting it off, trying to think of the right words. Trying to not spring it on him. I don't know if I should do it now or when he comes to get me on day 90. I don't know."
"I was able to move some things around and get here anyway." Harry said answering the question John had only actually started to pose quietly to Sherlock. She quickly put the items she was carrying down and hurried over to him wrapping him in an embrace. "Johnny, it is so good to see you. You look amazing. "
"Absolutely. I was elated. I didn't realize how badly I wanted a family until it was almost taken away. But after Mary died, I lost it. I moved Rosie to the category I put everyone else in. She was just a connection to a world I no longer wanted to be a part of. I would never hurt her, it wasn't like that but I just felt nothing. I went on all these message boards full of frantic, exhausted mothers saying the same thing but they had a valid excuse. It was postpartum depression. I could and would have diagnosed all of them with that, assured them it was normal and offered them whatever help I could had they been my patients. But that's hormonal and expected and though it feels the opposite maternal. There were no fathers on these boards saying the same thing."
The dream, well that was just an exaggeration, right?...His mind running riot. Mistakenly melding intimacy with sex. Like a bad translation of a foreign text, keeping the bare bones of the tale but missing the subtlety. But he didn't want sex, right? Of course not. He was straight. He liked women,
"If I hadn't recommended your discharge I don't know what you might have done but it wouldn't be good. Do you remember the night you sat there on your bunk taking apart your weapon, putting it back together and taking it apart again? You were on the verge of cracking. A P8 after you've just been wounded is something no one questions. A P8 discharge without a quantifiable and recent injury and people start to talk and you know what they talk about. What kind of life would you have if they knew it was psych? On your record. Always on your record."
John was never a shrinking violet. He enjoyed a morning shag just as much as a lunchtime quickie or an after-dinner romp. He was up for it. He was
"We never actually came to an agreement, John. And that was several weeks ago and while you've improved by leaps and bounds in certain areas there are others where you're flagging. You're exhausted and it shows and you've also lost weight. I understand you want to steer clear of medication but if we're unable to get your sleeping patterns and diet under control, antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds may have to come into play."
"She wants you. Go on, go to her. I'll follow behind." He said putting a hand on John's back and nudging him toward their bedroom. John hurried on ahead, opened the door and switched on the light. Rosie had pulled herself up to a standing position and was wailing as she had when Harry had first left.
"If I know anything about the cycles of the press and human nature, in general, it will. But it will take some time. John, if there's anything I can-"
There was the happiness of telling Mrs. Hudson; their earliest cheerleader. They took her to a nice restaurant and behaved very soberly until the reveal teasing her as though it was serious news. She squealed so loudly it drew the attention of several nearby tables.
"I don't intend to shift my life to some great degree. Mostly because you encompass a very large part of my life rendering that unnecessary and I am grateful for that. I need to keep busy, I need my mind to be active I need to be presented with a puzzle, a chase, a quarry, a hunt. That being said," He began as he brought my hand down to his cock which I could feel, hard and erect through his trousers. "Do I feel bored to you?"
Mary inherited a wreck of a man. I had destroyed and tried to rebuild myself over and over again and all I had to offer her were fractured pieces and sharp edges. How much of this she blamed on Sherlock I'll never know but I suspect it was a lot. But it all seemed to fade presumably when she saw us together. Our dynamic. Even when I was so, so angry with him. She saw the truth. She saw where I wanted to be. She's the one that encouraged us to get back together. She was always so encouraging. She told me on the cab ride back that she liked him. Nobody said that about Sherlock after just meeting him...well, nobody except me. I think that's why it hurt so much to find out she shot him. There were plenty of my past girlfriends who would have liked to at least wing him..." he said laughing darkly. "But not her. Not Mary."
John understood. And solemnly he promised her that they wouldn't. No matter what lay ahead, they wouldn't forget.
"Hmm. So, a penis pump can give me a cold, fat, veiny, pivot cock?" John said with a nod. "And yet somehow I remain unsold on the idea."
Sherlock, ever dedicated to a plan once he decided upon it, marched back inside and stated quite plainly;
And you and I have settled into what we are, best mates. I tink I've learned to be content with that. And if I haven't well, then, it's my fault isn't it?
Once there he changed quickly into his nightwear and pulled out one of the books from Hanah's pile that he'd brought with him.
"You're cross and I'm quite happy here thank you very much." He said with a downturn of his mouth. He angled his body away from me and tried to shift onto his side. He appeared to be on the verge of making a filthy coat, not his own, his pillow when I yanked him to his feet. I put both my hands under his armpits standing him up straight.
"Absolutely fine." he said never really waking up. John smiled and started to lightly stroke his chest unwilling to break the pleasant, dreamy mood or the moment. He wasn't sure when he again drifted off to sleep.
"You're not!" John managed. "You're not, you're not fighting against Mary or her memory, I swear it!"
"Of course. They've known since I was young. Are you sure you don't want a biscuit? They're very good."
John sighed with relief, the tension easing from his limbs and neck. This felt good. It was a plan and he always felt better when he had a plan.
"If you believe that by moving in here I would try and force you to..." He faltered. Sherlock rarely faltered. "I wouldn't...things would remain strictly friendly and professional."
"Are you actually checking your phone whilst I'm groping your arse?" Sherlock demanded. "I've half a mind to buck you off."
All that he had been holding back would be held no longer and as the dam broke he sobbed aloud before bringing his hand to his mouth.
Mycroft was long gone. As was Mrs. Hudson and Harry. It was only the two of them. And in a burst of practicality years before they had decided to marry.
With that trial surmounted the next thing to do was to write his own script. The first time he'd done it he'd been terrified. It was unethical and more important it was illegal. If caught, it meant an automatic disciplinary hearing. He'd likely lose both his job and worse yet, his license. He could talk his way out of many situations but likely not that one. The best way to avoid getting caught was to find the perfect chemist; too old and he ran the risk of winding up with someone who was, yes, bored with their job, but looking for something just interesting enough like reporting an opioid-addicted self-prescribing doc to enliven their day. Too young and you might get a kid fresh off their studies and in Defender of the Faith NHS crusader mode. No, he needed someone just in-between. Right in the middle. That sweet spot where they spent most of their shift daydreaming about chucking it all in the bin and walking out never to return. Someone who was still good enough to do their job on autopilot, not someone who'd ever dispense the wrong medicine. Just someone who wouldn't even blink if he requested horse tranquilizers dusted with mescaline. He found this special someone on the first try. A bored looking girl, likely just about to turn 30, who looked at the script, confirmed his information and told him it would be about a 30-minute wait. He'd decided that drowsy and or bored was a key. It always helped if they seemed as though they could barely keep their eyes open.
She'd be so different now. A year and 3 months old. He hadn't seen her since April. Almost a full year.
It wasn't as if Sherlock had met him at the door with a bouquet of roses. It wasn't as if he'd been laid out seductively on his bedspread. It also wasn't as if John wanted either of those scenarios. This was all new for him as well and while he might not have felt quite as skittish as Sherlock he hadn't morphed into a lothario either. He just wanted things to be normal between them with this
They were both leaning against the gravestone and since Sherlock's arrival, neither of them had really made eye contact with the other. That all changed now when Sherlock shifted his position to set John in his sights.
Just as he said it, just as he spoke the words he looked up to see Sherlock standing there in the doorway. Silent. Serene. Listening. For a second it broke his rhythm but then he couldn't help but smile before continuing.
"I thought as much. Let me give you my honest opinion. You have suffered unimaginable trauma over the past year and a half, the loss of a spouse, severe depression, alcohol dependency, recovery and the start of a new relationship. Any one of these could have brought upon ED, you're dealing with all of them nearly at once. You're healthy, you're strong and unless your bloodwork reveals something unexpected there's nothing physically wrong with you."
"90 days is impressive. I didn't manage 90 days my first time." Harry said and Clara cleared her throat. "Oh, I didn't mean to imply you were going to have more than one go round. This time will likely stick."
"No, I can handle it. Please avail yourself of some refreshments." He took the diaper, wipes and a disposable bag from her hands and finally made eye contact with John.
"Then you have to think about what's more important; what you have or what you could have? Is it worth possibly ruining something because you're what, too greedy? What can you really expect the other person to say? How can you possibly know how they'll behave? Maybe they'll feel put upon."
John gave him a surprised smile, he didn't think this was where the conversation was going. He did, however, remembered the complete disarray he'd seen in the flat upon arrival. He also remembered a certain fretting worry to Sherlock's voice as he promised to tidy up. God, he'd had no idea all that was in store.
"You say that as though it were all just a snap of the fingers. Especially the last part; 'You'll get clean.'"
That hadn't been a question he'd anticipated but even after a few moments of thought he realized it was valid. Yes, he did over think, rethink and sometimes change his mind. But not this time.
"Well, I want you to be her dad, as legally as you can. I'm not sure how exactly that will work or even if it can but I want her to share the same last name as you, so I want to share the same last name as well. She will be your daughter too."
He dressed quickly and headed out into the hall, iPod, and earbuds in hand. He had no idea if he was allowed to use the gym facilities in the middle of the night but it was worth a try.
"You've lost a considerable amount of weight. I would estimate at least 10 pounds, possibly upwards of 15. Aren't they helping you?"
The stomach cramps arrived right on time late that evening; first twinges and then all out pain that felt like kicks to his abdomen. But what of it? He could handle it. He'd be fine. He tried to go to bed a little after midnight but was up within the hour as waves of nausea started to roil. The rest of the night was spent either sitting on or crouching over the toilet. Around 5am he resigned himself to his new life to be lead exclusively in the loo and grabbing a blanket and pillow curled up on the floor and tried to sleep. He bypassed the morning completely and didn't open his eyes with the intent of keeping them open until after noon. Once he was fully awake he noticed he was shivering, freezing in fact. This too was normal. He had expected problems with temperature regulation. One moment he felt like pulling the blanket tightly around him and the next he wanted to kick the trifling thing away. Still, as awful as he felt it was just a matter of getting the hang of it, he kept telling himself. At the end of the day it was like a bad flu coupled with a skosh of food poisoning. And the pills were just a few steps away. That was all. He could make this stop anytime he wanted to which meant every second he didn't was a victory. It wasn't cold turkey. It was a break. And even though he felt lower that shit the break was going splendidly.
Sherlock paused as if he hadn't considered that. Hadn't considered that John had already, long ago, been singled out from that group of "They", that group of everyone else that wasn't him.
"Have you ever dated? Had a boyfriend? Even a secret one?" There were so many times John had wanted to ask this but Sherlock hadn't been very receptive. Not angry or cold, just dismissive, closed off and most of all disinterested. But the Sherlock before him now was so bloody tender in the mornings, so soft spoken and relaxed, so teasing and unguarded and gentle. This Sherlock smiled easily and stretched his limbs and wiggled his toes and yawned! He wasn't sure he'd ever seen Sherlock just
One thing was for certain; he'd taken Hanah's idea of leaving the country and run with it. It was down on paper now which made it rather real and something that needed to be considered.
"The story then? That's what you want? The story. Fine, here it is. You never asked a lot of questions and I liked that about you, John. You never really asked where I came from I assume because you didn't want me to delve too deeply into your life. I get that. Haven't you wondered how I could manage to have a cook and a live-in nurse and security on an army pension."
"I never imagined I would be the one to say this. But for a very long time, I have found myself questioning how...committed you are to what we could have been."
"Lestrade, don't be ridiculous." Sherlock said quietly but John's eyes instantly went to him. There was something in his tone. Something just slightly unsure.
"John, you're such a cynic. Maybe I was just going to say; well done you. Congratulations and I'm glad you're happy."
"No." He shook his head fervently. "I thought we agreed that wasn't the best course of treatment for me."
John wished he could feel something, wished he could show Sherlock just how big and hard he remembered he could get. Just before embarrassment could take hold Sherlock moved his hand down to cup John's balls, massaging them with warm fingers. And again, it certainly wasn't unpleasant.
You guys have been so lovely about this story for so long. My goodness, I started it in April and had no idea it would get this big. But it mostly just wrote itself, which is just about the nicest experience you could ask for.
He knocked and then tried the knob. The detective had a sort of open door policy and just as he never put on the lock for the entrance to their flat so he never did for his own inner sanctuary.
Things had felt off since Sherlock arrived. Off beat. Off rhythm. They hadn't shaken hands or hugged. Rather they'd kept an orbital distance around each other. It was painful and fast and confusing. And now all that was over. They'd never shared a bed before. Never embraced like this before and certainly never for this long.
The alcoholism was, of course, the easy answer in the beginning but it didn't fly so much anymore. Not to mention the fact that he wasn't certain what Harry had already told him. Best to ask.
"No, sounds pretty offensive, you know? My feelings for you put me in mind of nuclear disaster second in catastrophic nature only to Fukushima. Not terribly romantic."
"I said it no such fashion." He replied furrowing his brow. "Don't behave as though I don't know what's involved; the struggle, the failure, the pain. I am quite familiar with it. But you did it once and you can do it again. And this time you can focus 100% on your recovery and not worry about anything else."
"Ok, we'll have brunch with your parents tomorrow and be on the road by early afternoon. We'll be back home before you know it."
And it didn't help that his friend wasn't done with his description, somehow picking up just where John left off.
John dropped his hands and leaned back again against the sofa. Sherlock was standing in the center of the room, arms behind his back, gazing at him almost as if he'd never seen him before.
That was basically the last thing he remembered. A full 24 hours later he was awakened by someone lightly touching his shoulder. The someone introduced themselves and for the life of him, he couldn't remember her name a few seconds after. He was politely but forcefully urged out of bed and given a polite but forceful tour. He feigned interest as best he could but he was still nauseous and exhausted.
"Right. Then you know that it used to be this small place that I was pulled to, pulled into when things got frightening or anxious. When I had a nightmare. When I got too close to him."
"Good, it's some of the first real emotion I've seen from you in days. And I've been waiting for this question."
"I believe I can. That was the deal. You put forth your problems and if I can't propose practical solutions that are at the very least worth your effort and attention you can off yourself. So far, I have managed to argue every point you've put forward. I say again, next."
"Because you tried to kill yourself, John." As he spoke his Adam's apple bobbed in his throat and John felt a horrible pang of regret. "They weren't sure how many pills you took so they pumped your stomach on arrival." His friend looked awful, worse than when he'd last seen him. His hair was dirty, his face, that which wasn't covered by a full beard, was mottled, his eyes were red and accentuated by the circles and bags beneath them.
"That's the ironic thing which I know you know. You start taking it to quell your anxiety and after awhile it starts to
John noticed that but it barely held his interest. He was more focused on the prescription in her hand and trying not to make it obvious how bad he wanted it in his.
"You wrecked me." He said and then lowered his voice as if the next words he said were a secret. "I've never come alone the way I come with you."
"God no. Never and I never will. I invited him to the wedding because he was an old friend that I still care a great deal for. I came as close as I could, I suppose. I visited him in hospital before we left for our honeymoon. I told him how much his friendship meant to me. How important he had been and was. I told him we should see each other more, talk and write. And I gave him the number of my therapist. We've been in contact ever since and he's gotten better. Some of that...sadness and guilt has dropped away. It'll take time but...I have a lot of hope for him. Last I heard he was even talking about a woman who was interested in him that he was absolutely, positively not going to ask out under any circumstances. Which of course means he will quite soon. I'm happy for him. I owe him quite a lot."
John nodded and almost didn't say anything. This had gotten so real so quick but he forced himself to reply with concern and empathy he really did feel.
John kissed him again, sweetly, softly muffling some of his lovers cries. God, he loved how vocal Sherlock was. At times he even seemed a bit chatty and there was nothing John loved better than a talkative lover.
"A bottle of wine and reality TV. Duncan is just about to confess to Marielle that he had a three-way with Trudie and Perpetua. But Marielle has secrets of her own."
"Hanah, you make it seem like I'm going to be back to step one when I get out of here." John interjected.
With a flick of his thumb, he turned the clippers back on, adjusted the guard setting and brought it to his head.
of which my brother has grown so fond. The web of human interaction. Not simply because I cannot bear the majority of people infesting this planet but because of how it all ends. You, your wife, Moriarty, Eurus, Sherlock. What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear?
chuckled. There was something delightful about confirming the great detective was just as human as any other man. After all, it was a natural occurrence, it didn't mean anything. It was normal morning wood. He closed his eyes and sighed. Again, it wasn't like it meant anything. It was just part of the experience. It wasn't as if he was turned on. He was warm and happy and untroubled for once and he didn't want to analyze why.
The shoveling. It was the shoveling that had done it. That's what he tried to tell himself but it wasn't true and he knew that.
The voice was fast, brittle and dripping with insincerity. Most of the times he'd handled the press he'd been with Sherlock and they were always more interested in the detective. He didn't like playing second fiddle but in those cases, he was fine with Sherlock assuming the limelight. It wasn't something he was after or needed.
This suddenly struck them both as riotously funny and again they both laughed, loudly, happily. It was ridiculous. This was all so fucking ridiculous.
"That's the thing, on one hand, it was people talking around me, and on the other it was the silence when I'm trying to sleep."
The things she said to me. The way she called me a "good man". I'm not a good man. I have never been a good man. I have never even been the best man that I know how to be. I am as fraudulent as any identity she ever assumed. I am as much of a liar as a woman who fakes her past and a man who fakes his death.
Possessively he pulled me even closer and I placed my hand over his where he had rested it on my chest.
Funny thing. This means all the time that I was bored she was bored too. Retired superagent playing the nurse and hausfrau. Both of us smiling pretending everything was fine.
Then, to his surprise there came a day when he couldn't put him off any longer. A day when Sherlock Holmes could not be swayed. A day when the quiet of the country did not send him bolting for the bluster and noise of the city.
When they'd finally cracked it and it was all over but the arrests they both agreed they missed Rosie terribly. They arranged a weekend with her and spent two and a half delightful days trying to keep her from eating Play-Doh, wiping off her perpetually spaghetti stained face, taking her to the park to push her on the swings, giving her a bubble bath at night's end and listening to Sherlock refer to himself in 3rd person as Dada. "Dada's right here." "Dada asked you not to throw the Lego."
"Everything is fine. She's not hurt. It's just that I think she's confused. She thought you two were coming home tonight and she's very upset. I thought maybe if she saw you-"
"Now John is also leaving us today with 90 days sober. In celebration of that achievement please accept your 3 months sobriety chip."
"Mind if I sit down, mate?" James asked pulling John out of his musings unexpectedly. He'd been lost in thought at a table in the commissary, a forgotten book in one hand and an apple before him. He'd taken exactly one bite out of the fruit, apparently, though he didn't remember doing so. He couldn't even taste it on his tongue. The white flesh had already turned a dark caramel brown giving him a little insight into how long he'd been distracted. It was hard to eat here. He never really had an appetite. But at least he'd lost quite a bit of that beer, wine and takeaway weight he'd put on.
"No, we'll not be taking questions at this time," Sherlock said briskly. "But we thank you for your interest. Isn't it time for more cake?"
John watched his come arc and splash on the tense muscles of his abdomen. John watched in fascination as wave after wave washed over his lover, his grip on his cock still firm but the movements becoming slower until finally they stopped. By this time John had his own cock in hand, he couldn't help it, watching Sherlock orgasm on his own with little help or intervention was an erotic milestone.
He was ready. Sherlock was ready. They were ready. And he wanted nothing more than to finally give in.
The response was so immediate and so sustained for a moment he thought the notices on his phone were broken. Ding after ding after ding after ding that he gathered was alerting him to a reply.
That peaceful feeling had returned and John poked happily, distractedly at his food before glancing at the large windows off to his left. It was still snowing steadily. He wondered if it had stopped all day?
"No...I treated you like so much less than you are. It wasn't right for me to just let you get me off and then send you away."
John knew he'd found something when the drumming abruptly stopped. The sound of Sherlock's fingers working rapidly over his keyboard filled the room briefly.
I've got to get my head on straight. I've got to figure out what I'm going to do next. Do I start divorce proceedings with that woman, my wife, the mother of my child before my child is even born?
His partner obliged him but it was as if all the surety from the graveyard had left him. He hadn't been there for this part the first time round and he looked nervous and scared and protective.
Some things, he figured, you have to realize and re-realize, accept and re-accept. Letting go of his best friend was going to prove difficult, he imagined. There might be a great deal more banging his head against the wall before he got the message that this was really over.
He was usually up around 7:30-ish so this gave him time to shower and shave in his bathroom and prepare for the day.
"Because it was rife with uncertainty. I didn't know what I might find, what state he might be in. I didn't know how he would receive me or how I'd receive him."
His days were structured and he found the familiarity of it both annoying and comforting. The army had taught him the value of having a carefully planned out day and he wasn't exactly opposed to disconnecting into that monotony.
John knew Sherlock was frustrated, but perhaps more than that he was confused. Likely adding to this was the fact that John was still affectionate. They still touched and hugged and kissed but as for anything sexual, he had effectively retreated.
John, this is a very controlled environment, as you well know. There's nothing like this on the outside. You'll have to make your own structure, your own rules, your own fail safes and from here on out that's something you and I are going to work on."
"I love you too." He said but it was more of a moan and a few moments later he was coming loudly dotting his chest with ejaculate John was all too happy to lick off. Once he'd lapped him clean they both drowsily retreated beneath the covers, John spooning his partner.
"When you were drinking you'd buy bottles and hide them about the house. For "backup". That's what you said then too. Remember?" "Mary" asked him in the cab. She was facing forward as he was, appearing to watch the London traffic go by.
"Wonderful, actually. My sister took care of her while I was getting well and she's just come along marvelously. Kind, chatty, charming, smart."
"Ok, so, here's what I think. I could prescribe some of the more common drugs, Viagra, Cialis, Levitra but I have a feeling you don't want to take anything. Am I correct?"
A few good rinses a few more splashes and a few more giggles and bathtime was over. It seemed to have done the trick because Rosie was fading fast putting up very little fuss as they worked to dry her, powder her, diaper her and put her in her night clothes.
While he'd stood there, unsteadily, she gone about flinging open the curtains and opening windows to, as she put it "Clear out some of the rot."
"A societal nicety. Interesting." She said and scribbled something down on her notepad. She'd been writing a lot during this session he noticed. "Ok, there's something I want you to read. I've marked the chapters and I want you to really think about how it might have relevance to your life, alright?"
He hadn't meant this to come out so frantic and plaintive and could only hope it just sounded that way to his ears. But he'd been meaning to get this out for awhile. More than once he'd awakened to watch Sherlock's lean figure ease out of bed and leave the room. This was followed by the gentle click as the bathroom latch caught.
"It seems to me that if there were things in your mind dark enough that if you couldn't take them back they'd be so damning all is lost anyway."
The look in Sherlock's eyes had gone from surprise to want to hunger and John was excited at all the possibilities that promised. That said, he was sure he'd have to relax him to get him to get him going because as eager as he knew Sherlock was he was all but frozen in place. His lips were plump and John lovingly ran a finger over his bottom one. Those lips, God, he was a slave to those lips. So sensual, sometimes too sensual, especially when they were discussing a murder.
"John, you look as though you're frightened I'm going to have you sectioned. I'm not." She smiled. "Yes, we all talk to ourselves and yes, it is a valid coping method. If I thought I was seeing or hearing something that hinted at instability I would let you know and we'd persue it. I don't so we won't. Now, what did you say to Sherlock?"
Depression was an intruder that tried every door, every window, every lock, every single day of his life. He'd come into the kitchen and it was there, sitting at the table. He'd enter the loo and feel this crushing weight on his chest. He'd walk into their bedroom and suddenly barely have the energy to crawl into bed.
John thought for a second. He wanted to be glib, a part of him was screaming to dismiss the question and the text with something clever and light. But he couldn't.
He'd once, a long time ago, mused that nothing ever happened to him. Then something did. Then everything did. And all this destruction was the result.
It was childish of course, he knew that, to assume that he'd be lauded. That they'd roll out the red carpet for what, he now imagined, was a lackluster, boring, silly waste of time and paper. But still...
"Yeah, I know. Can you come closer, Sherlock?" John asked doing his best to control the burgeoning nervous energy.
He stood up from his chair suddenly unable to remain sitting. He felt agitated, cornered and lost as to where she was going with this line of questioning. The room was large enough that he started to pace a bit.
It was a story like so many others. A daisy chain of IE's rigged to go off one after another after another. One set fire to the fuel tank melting flesh on the left side of Duck's body. Every other man died except him and he had the terrible memories and the guilt and the pain and scars from 3rd-degree burns and the Victoria Cross all to remind him. The skin had healed as well as it could. He'd refused skin grafts, John knew that much. And God knew it could have been worse. He was lucky to still have his limbs, his mind, his eye, though John imagined he didn't feel very lucky.
"Yeah, we are. I didn't go through that harrowing experience at the shop to order more Chinese food. Come on, up, quick as you please, now."
Popping open the bottle of lube John drizzled it over the crack of Sherlock's arse and watched it drip down and pool over his hole. Then, for good measure, he coated his finger with the gel like liquid wanting the experience to be as gentle and smooth as Sherlock had made it for him. He could still feel the lube, slick and warm between his own arse cheeks and it made him shiver happily.
He was here, at The Location, in Switzerland. He was nowhere near Afghanistan, he was not on the battlefield and his shoulder had, for the most part, healed.
"I am so sorry for everything you went through long before we ever met. And I am so sorry for all the panic and pain I've caused you."
They ended as they began, kissing softly, gently, curiously and John felt Sherlock's hand in his hair.
"No." He said forcefully. "I was going to write you a note after we hung up. A note explaining everything and apologizing for everything and begging you to go on and have a good life. One full of passion and happiness."
"You're going to throw it all away. In less than a year you're going to throw it away. Do you want to be back where you were last Christmas? Half dead. Not caring. Alone. Off your tits."
"Perhaps a hallucinogenic isn't the best gift from one recovering addict to another but it's not for now. Look at the sticker on the back."
"I think that's good," James said sipping his tea. "Back where things make sense, back to someone who loves you. You know...try it all again."
This was met with more laughter and some grudging smiles from those of the group who looked especially worse for wear.
He usually had to go through some preparation to see her. It was as close to meditation and centering as he got and in the past, it had involved a good deal of wine. He hadn't gotten that opportunity this time and he was suddenly and sorely missing it. But as surprising as her presence was his eyes were riveted to Rosie.
"No, no, I'm fine. We're both fine." He glanced over his shoulder at him. "You really don't know, do you? I suppose that's not altogether unexpected still, it's bloody fascinating. It's like, you've forgotten it's there. Understandable really, I mean-"
They had the same rooms as last Christmas. Sherlock in his childhood bedroom and John in the larger one he'd shared with Mary.
Sherlock's voice was getting more distressed with each passing moment until by the end it was nearly verging on a sob. And that was when he finally reached him, the man before him was decades younger. He was practically the Sherlock he'd met with Mike at Barts. All pale, Byronic, tall, lean and young.
In his haste, John had neglected to notice Sherlock had added a hashtag of his own to his initial tweet.
"Oh really? Why is that?" He asked but before John could reply he interrupted them both. "It isn't."
“Ok, then. Well, I think what you’re wanting, is this.” He drew his hips back and thrust, for the first time inside him. It was slow and gentle, one smooth movement, out and in.
The skull of an average adult human male is 6.5 millimeters thick. It can withstand 520 pounds of force, that what's needed to crush a skull. Now, that's a lot of force but from where you jumped, the height, the rate of acceleration...well that was easily achieved. So when I got there your skull had fractured like an eggshell. Bit's of you just floating in this ever growing puddle of blood. Skull...brain matter."
"It's ok. It's all ok, I promise. I forgive you. I forgive you, love." Sherlock nodded against his shoulder as John held him closer. "It's done, you hear me, hmm? It's over, all that, all of it is over. I forgive you and I don't blame you."
“I’d like to talk a little more about structure,” Hanah said as he sat stiffly through another therapy session.
He supposed, when he thought about it, the tears had returned with the "death" of his mate. Before he lost Mary, he couldn't recall a time when he had wept that hard or that long.
Every face mirrored what John felt; hopeful, afraid and chastened. This was all so much, too much. He wanted to get out of here, every moment of every day he dreamed of hitting day 90 and heading home. But...
"Would it be alright if I declined? It will likely sound ghastly sentimental. But the first thing I want inside me is you."
All in all, it worked. By the end of it John was squirming slightly on the sheets, completely focused on what he wanted and when he wanted it. He was sweating a little and panting a lot and hadn't been averse to moving Sherlock's mouth or hands where he wanted them.
"No, she said not to," John replied. "We need to write it down and talk about it with her next time."
"Because honestly, I'm not comfortable with the label. Not sure it fits. What about you?" John pushed the book aside, raised the apple to his mouth then put it down without a bite.
Certainly, the subject matter was endless. And with the exception of spending time with Rosie and being with Sherlock, this was the most at peace he'd felt in God knew how long. The forest was still there threatening to encroach but not then. Not as long as his fingers moved over the keyboard and his imagination raced and he constructed the two of them, he and Sherlock, disassembling them in real life to rebuild them on the page. As long as he did that, for those few hours he could fight the forest and win.
I wasn't accustomed to this dynamic, at least not yet. I'd had brazen women in bed, I'd had those who decided to take the lead but, they never had the strength to back it up. Belying his slim frame Sherlock actually had quite a bit of power and I soon found myself being pressed back into the bed with a surprising amount of force. It wasn't unwelcome, it was just unusual. I was used to being "the man" but now I was just one of two men...and I felt a bit vulnerable being with someone who was, at the moment, clearly dominant. Mental note; file this feeling away for the next time I'm with a bird. Apply it and adapt accordingly
Hello, love! Oh, I miss you, but I’m pleased as punch you’re safe and sound. I’ve sent along a few more comforts from home and if you have any requests for treats of toiletries or sundries you just let me know.
Rather than answering he only stood there for a moment not so much staring Sherlock down as glaring at his lowered forehead.
Come back to me. John closed his eyes at the intimate language. Sherlock was barely speaking above a whisper. He could feel the heat of his hand and every hair on John's body was standing on end. The kiss came back with clarity.
He met with a series of doctors and answered their questions as calmly and professionally as possible. He knew he needed to do this if he was going to be taken seriously. He addressed them as colleagues. He explained his recent troubles, he admitted to a dependency on alcohol and swore that he was researching treatment methods. He explained that his friend, Miss Hooper in her concern for his safety has seen his weapon as far more than it was. He presented himself as what he was a medical doctor, veteran, a grieving widower, a father trying to piece his life back together. Sad, yes, well of course, but not someone who was in any way in the throes of incapacitating depression or harboring suicidal thoughts.
"It's all that shite I let you eat. That I let us both eat. When you come home it's nothing healthy stuff, alright. We ate so much better when Mrs. Hudson was tending to us. Her boys. She took care of us. I should have taken care of you. For fuck's sake, I'm sorry, Sherlock. I am so sorry."
"Now, if any of these presents are for me, boys I already told Sherlock I didn't want anything." She said motioning to the gift bag. "It is, after all, Father's Day on Sunday. Nothing at all to do with me." She insisted.
"It hasn't really been a priority until recently. I thought that part of my life was probably over. I was ok with that. But after a lot of treatment and therapy I've decided that...it's just not good enough anymore."
“I gathered.” Sherlock replied cheekily. "More to the point. I'm not with you because you're fantastic in bed, though you are. I married you because you ran away with my heart. Because you showed me the advantage of caring."
"And I think it's nothing short of charming that you think you're impartial. Oh and where on earth did you learn to care for a baby?"
Harry glanced at them both, perhaps debating until the very last minute before finally handing Rosie, who was clutching tightly to Bumbly, over to John.
"I said, you haven't actually asked me. You put the ring box on the table but you didn't, as they say, pop the question. You made sure to call me vain and attention seeking in your preamble but nothing more. And...now that you mention it, I think I would like you on one knee. If you don't mind." He said with a soft smile as he rose to his feet. "I think I'd like that very much."
"I left a note for the maid not to change the sheets," John said with only a slightly embarrassed chuckle. "I wanted to be able to smell you for a little longer."
They'd actually done as they were asked and waited to discuss it with Hanah. John was thankful that their observations and notes and overall rating of the experience matched in that they were similarly positive and similarly high. Hanah had also been pleased and God, but did that feel good. He could sense he'd been letting her down lately. He knew that she knew something was going on. She wasn't waiting to ambush him with it, no, it was far worse than that. She was waiting for him to say it, to admit it like a man. But they both knew he wouldn't do that, so they were stuck. But he didn't feel stuck with when it was the three of them and that was indeed nice.
"No, not that I heard." Sherlock said as he disappeared into the bathroom again. "Was it a sex dream?" He asked bluntly.
Then you said it was time for a ride but I needed a ticket. I said I didn't have one but you told me to check in my pocket. You'd slipped in a ticket that you'd made out of construction paper. "Admit One For Unlimited Rides".
John didn't know why. He didn't know what had prompted this sudden change in Sherlock. Sherlock who was always looking for the next case, the next thing to grab his fancy, the next mystery and mind twister. He wanted to ask but was just slightly afraid that too much questioning might make him change his mind. And John didn't want that. He didn't believe he could ever see himself leaving Baker Street...but he was wrong and this felt right.
Ten minutes later he was standing in calf deep snow wearing a borrowed coat, gloves, boots and using a borrowed shovel. It was cold and quiet and dark...and he loved it. Putting an earbud in each ear he turned on his music and got to work.
I did that. I hurt people, I lied to people. Maybe I lied to myself too. I can't make friends or at least keep them. I am recalcitrant, self-obsessed, violent and I was a miserable husband. I was a terrible father. In one way or another, I have failed at everything I have attempted to do.
"Mmm." Sherlock hummed noncommittally behind him. "I brought you something. I researched what people are allowed to eat post root canal. I went to the store and got applesauce, rice pudding, yogurt, hummus and a milkshake."
"I was afraid. But you said such kind things...in the cab...at the crime scene...I thought maybe you liked me."
He went silent. He didn't like to talk about that or really remember it. Woman to woman, bed to bed. It was a blur and he was thankful for a shoddy memory.
"Don't ask silly, redundant questions. You asked me if I'd been in love before. I said...yes but it was unrequited."
Sherlock was calling for him. He sounded far away. Impossibly far. And so John took off running, running and running and running asking; "Where are you, Sherlock?" "Where have you gone?" "I'm coming!. "It's ok, I'm coming."
"Oh yeah? How was it?" James said cracking open a soda and guzzling it like water. That was another funny thing about being here, It was as if everyone's addiction saw that a place had opened up and they all moved one step up. Like the Mad Hatters tea party; fresh cup, move down! Sugar and cigarettes barreled to the front of the line and few patients were ever without a candy bar, cig or both.
"Actually, I'm a bit confused, Patrick." He lied while flashing what passed these days for his charming smile. "Is something wrong?"
He hadn’t responded to the last reply and in fact, his response to the first had been deleted. But someone has screen capped it and included it in the thread.
"I...have a de-gloved hand in the refrigerator," Sherlock replied breathlessly. "I'm waiting for some acidity results on that."
"Of course." That practiced smile again that revealed absolutely nothing. "Is this your first treatment program?"
He wasn't far from home. No more than a half hour walk which meant he was in a stones throw of at least two Tesco pharmacies and one Boots. Yes, there were closer chemists. But he had taken to visiting ones that were off his beaten path nowadays.
He tried to gather his thoughts on the topic but it wasn't easy. There was so much emotion swirling about but all he wanted to do was speak plainly.“I don’t like it. I don’t like that it’s me but it is. I guess I have this tendency to see things in black and white; people, situations, myself. The book talked about how it was a survival mechanism. I guess that’s true. I mean, growing up there wasn’t a lot of room or space for nuance. I categorize people as friend or foe and that’s sort of it.”
The hand was helping and so are the little Mmm's of concentration and likely restraint that he was making as he moved further inside of me. Once the head is in, having made it past that almost too tight ring there's a respite and the pain, while not completely dissipating makes way for discomfort.
"I know, right? Gorgeous little creature and smart as a whip. Come see her." She said tugging him forward.
I don’t want to overwhelm you so I won’t keep you long. Just know that we all miss you and send our best and look forward to you coming home.
“I don’t like it. I don’t like that it’s me but it is. I guess I have this tendency to see things in black and white; people, situations, myself. The book talked about how it was a survival mechanism. I guess that’s true too. I mean, growing up there wasn’t a lot of room or space for nuance. I categorize people as friend or foe and that’s sort of it.”
"I loved them both. Sherlock first, Mary second. And then when he came back...would that it were so simple, right? Imagine if all I had to do was look her in the eye and say, "Sorry to throw you over, love, but the bloke I've been pining for for years resurrected himself from the grave. Let me call you an Uber." Or just turn to him and say pretty much the same. "Sorry, Sherlock, only room for one love of my life in my life right now. But if you'd still like to bring the wine we'll have a bottle for the table." He laughed sadly. "To be that guy, that big of an arsehole. Cruel yes, but simple. So fucking simple. Just a transfer, like moving money from one account to another. I am an arsehole but not quite to that level. It wasn't either or. It was never either or. But loving them both like that, that isn't possible. I must have been lying to myself."
Estimates placed The Weald at 20-30 million years old. It had no doubt been decimated and regrown and fallen to human encroachment and risen again as it would dozens if not hundreds of times before the Sun snuffed out. There was something immortal about this forest, about every forest. Something vital, something that demanded to be rebuilt. Something that worked to heal itself. Something, resilient. Something eternal.
"Ok, I got it. I said all that and yes, it's true and yes we still didn't. You make it sound like a crime."
Within an hour he had Rosie and enough nappies and clothes and whatnot packed for an overnight trip and she and his sister were gone.
"Ready." John agreed, his words followed by the small beep as Sherlock set the alarm on his mobile. They were to set aside a total of 30 minutes for the entire exercise, 15 minutes a piece. As talking was generally discouraged, those were to be the last two words they spoke to each other for a half hour.
"Molly, do you have your badge? Anything?" John asked. "You could talk to him. Maybe you could vouch for me or something."
"That's right!" His mother said. "Jim Davidson. Her dog looks just like Jim Davidson that's what I was thinking when-"
"Oh." John said in a small voice. Sherlock's absence was cavernous; there was no way around it or through it. Instead, he was sat in the middle of it, unsure and barely caring which way to go.
"Now, to me, that sounds like exactly the kind of thing that might make you run. You were feeling vulnerable after your discharge, you still had extreme trust issues and yet you decided to live with this man."
"Sherlock is not a volunteer in your life." She'd said when he'd told her that. "He isn't an onlooker or someone who just stopped by to gape at what was once your home. It's his home too. He lives there. He's by your side."
"I think you said it before, and thank you." John reached behind him and bunched a pillow up under his neck and head to prop himself up. "Did you sleep well?"
John could see it dawn on Duck just as clearly as he could see him, a moment later, start to talk himself out of it.
"You think I'm a snob." he said scrubbing his face. When he heard his concerns repeated back to him it did sound extremely toffee-nosed.
"Ah, you're one of them. My therapist said not everyone here was a reality star or celebrity gone wrong. I was starting to think she was kidding. You're with MI5?"
When I started dating Mary, Sarah didn't say much to me about it. Well, just one thing, over lunch "I guess I just got the timing a bit out didn't I?" But then she added. "I'm glad you're happy, John. I really am."
"Very well. It's like we picked back up where we left off. And, I don't even mean before Mary died. I mean before he ever left..."
Rosie was in the midst of babbling something incomprehensible to Sherlock to which he nodded too very seriously.
John quickly did as he was asked and Sherlock placed a hand on each cheek, kissing before gently parting them. Without further preamble he pressed his tongue against his entrance.
So careful not to wake her they saw Clara tiptoe into the frame. She smiled and waved at them briefly before Harry handed her off and they disappeared to Rosie's bedroom.
Also, I'd like to hear a bit more about this mind palace version of you and I...and exactly what it is we get up to. In our off hours, I mean.
In the end, he wound up printing off a list from the internet which was as funny as it was pathetic. He and Mary had updated their wills prior to Rosie's birth. A few amendments and that was prepared.
"He...um...changed it for the better. I was very confused and angry and lost when we met. Purposeless, I think would be the right word. I hadn't had any real connection with anyone since Duck-"
"Now, John they've told me a bit about you and I've looked over your file, your medical history, your military service, and everything you mentioned at intake."
So John sat there, on his knees, hoping it hadn't actually been as long as it had felt, with Sherlock straight and hard before him.
Sherlock purposefully avoided meeting his eyes, picking up his mobile burying his gaze in his phone.
Perhaps even more surprising was that John agreed. He'd been hemming and hawing about the subject. Wondering just how he could bring it up without making it seem like he was quitting,
Had they been a normal family he might have sought out his brother for answers and help. He knew Mycroft would know. Mycroft, for better or worse, knew everything. But it would be a breach of Sherlock's privacy to ask. Plus, he didn't want to have that conversation with the elder Holmes.
John felt his anger abating, or at the very least taking a bit of a breather. Sherlock looked unsteady on his feet and taking him by the elbow he lead him over to the shade of a tree. He sat down on the ground.
He'd never predicted that Sherlock would be a gentle caretaker but the sweet and gentle responses he would give to the occasionally moaning mess sharing his bed happily surprised John.
Once on the ground floor, he hurried out of the building without so much as a glance at the receptionist. They could post his things to him or toss them in the Thames as far as he was concerned. It didn't matter.
To his surprise, a cursory glance yielded almost nothing but positive messages. Mostly women, young, middle aged, some who may have been teenagers which he found more than a bit disturbing. For the most part, their messages were kind, concerned, enthusiastically supportive. The polar opposite of Sherlock's inbox.
"Yes, " Duck said the relief on his face evident. Plans were good. John knew that's what he was thinking. Plans still meant that the speaker had a bit of logic in them. Something you could reason with. He was probably imagining himself dragging a drunken army buddy back to Baker Street where he'd be cared for. Where slights and injuries could be mended. "I'd like that very much."
He spat out every word, every syllable never letting his voice rise, never shouting or yelling. He was too enraged right now to shout. Too close to tearing this man apart with his bare hands.
It was different than he expected, sensation wise. Where his hands had decades of expecting curves there was now straight lines. Where he anticipated softness, there was instead the firm and the solid. A chest, muscular but compared to the women he'd been with flat when pressed against his. A hand, large with artistic fingers moved dexterously through his hair.
"It's all bullshit. It's filled with pure egotism and it's meant to ease your grief, your guilt, not mine. I am sure that you have drunkenly, shoddily calculated this down to precisely how it should go. I'm sure it's quite scripted in your head but what you haven't considered is the outlier."
And John did. And they even made it through three parts before he excused himself briefly to take his next dose.
"We're just hopping right into, eh? Well, umm, total? Let me think. 2...5, 7, ummm...God, uhh 5...8 probably another 7...12, that was quite a year...I'm going year by year, what are we up to?"
"You're being every adult child heading home to see their parents for a long weekend. That would drive anyone mad."
The kid looked at him blankly, John let out a bark of laughter and he and Sherlock swiftly headed down the hallway towards Hanah's.
He continued on. "Given the fact that we just brought one another to orgasm by frottage, and as you keep staring into my eyes in that dreamy fashion
"Are we?" John didn't think so but he was willing to play along for his shy friend. "Well, what would you like to know about me?"
He was still breathing deeply but not taking in what he felt was enough air. It didn't necessarily feel like a panic attack just a general lightheadedness.
And he'd cried, that weary cry where your limbs felt weak and your legs threatened to buckle because there was nothing inside you left, not really, not anymore, no frame, no skeleton, no heart, only grief. Black and poisonous grief. That was all that animated you. That was the ghost in the machine.
There was the popping of a lid followed by Sherlock squeezing the lotion into his hands. He rubbed them together rapidly.
He should have known Mycroft would never do something out of the goodness of his heart. He'd never do something that didn't work to get him more control over his brother which was always his ultimate goal. He recalled their conversation in the hospital and briefly thought back to the words "He called me from the ambulance in near hysterics as they were bringing you in. "
And the safety of Baker Street was whittled down to the expanse of their bedroom, their bed and promises fulfilled and promises owed.
The letters, in terms of timing, were irrelevant, it was just a coincidence. They didn't cause anything in and of themselves. It was just a way to mark the time. Two letters in.
They ate a pleasant dinner, though John mostly just nibbled on the noodles. They watched a little telly before John excused himself for a quick session with Hanah. Once done he called out to Sherlock that he intended to take a brief shower and then maybe they could watch Great British Bakeoff if he was so inclined.
The bedroom was now not just where they slept but where they had, what John liked to term, frenetic snogging. Sherlock was still hesitant to go quite as far as John wanted and needed but he was making excellent progress.
His life was tied together like that now. Bundled up with cello tape, wires, strings, ropes, all of it binding him up like a scarecrow. He was stuffed full with the scraps and shreds of his old life. His insides had been scooped out, weighed and discarded. He had been autopsied alongside Mary. She had gone into the ground and he'd been sent on his way. He was an effigy of John Watson. An unconvincing dummy who wasn't fooling anyone, least of all himself.
It likely didn't last nearly as long as it felt. John had a feeling it might have stretched on a bit farther had it not been for the alert from Sherlock's phone. He pulled away at once saying. "Lestrade."
