." The rightmost screen fills with scrolling data on the sample they obtained from the bombing in Brussels, running against the sample from the bomb found in the factory and the one synthesized from Kamala's blood. FRIDAY has already lit up and recorded corresponding chemicals compounds and formulas in each sample.
"Oh, that," she says, waving her hand like her handler recommending her termination and ultimately rejecting it for how it would affect Cloak means nothing. "Don't mind that. I mean, don't kill me, because he will warp you into space, but he can survive without me. As I can without him."
“I got it from my mom,” he slurs, apropos of nothing until he glares blearily at me. “It’s my turn to share, right?” I nod hesitantly, because we’ve talked about everything but Maria Stark. Tony’s mother is sacred, secret.
Tony wraps a hand around Dummy's single arm. "He doesn't need to be fixed." Dummy nods eagerly at that and whirs off to go grab them Cokes from the fridge. Kamala watches where Tony's hand hangs in the air and scuffs her toes on the floor.
“The Avengers would have been there if help was needed!” Steve had shouted. “We would have been there for you, Stark.”
Once there, he leads Tony to a remote wing, farthest removed from the city. "For your safety," he explains when Tony eyes him. "There may be some effects left behind from the last occupant but I assure you, it is clean." There is a gleam in his eye when they bid each other goodnight that Tony wants to dissect, but he lets him go.
"Clint," Natasha says evenly. "Chad didn't want us in the country. We had no right to force our help upon them."
"I could -" For the first time ever, T'Challa stumbles and Tony has to fight a laugh when realizes a man that smart was about to give up the game, even though Tony knows the Panther knows Tony knows.
"That's Captain America's number." Peter nearly drops the phone. "He's in hiding but he's promised to come back if we need him. If you think we need him, call that number. It has to be pretty major. I'm trusting you, Peter."
, that monster, and how Steve was gonna fix it. He was gonna fix his whole world up just right, who cares if he ruins everyone else's to do it?"
"Not HYDRA. SHIELD. Don't send me back to them," Donald's eyes are wild with fright. Tony's shoulders are growing very cold. "They killed me. They
, and has loved him this entire time. He wants to tell him, but all that comes out when he turns and throws his arms around his boyfriend’s shoulders is “Captain America, always saving the day.”
"Friend of yours, Parker?" And Peter dips his head a little. "You know the most interesting people."
“Well, he’s helping too much,” Sam replied bluntly. “He’s pushing. Steve hates that. He think it’s pity, and if there’s anything Steve Rogers doesn’t want to be, it’s pitied. The movies, the music, the constant barrage of pop culture references-“
"I already know the answer." He doesn't drop eye contact but something in them goes very dark. "But I want to know."
T'Challa watches Tony work with Donald. It's a bad day, the kid gets triggered almost immediately, and Tony heads out into the hall while Blizzard goes into lockdown until he can be brought back out of this state safely.
There is a loud crackle in Tony's ear, making him involuntarily jerk to the side. As he course corrects, he barks out a roll call, but Luke and Daredevil are as fine as they were ten seconds ago. "Spider-Man?" Tony tries.
"Cut that precinct a check, Fry. Whatever I was meant to pay my PR guys this month. Oh, wait, no. I think that falls under bribery." Tony rolls his eyes. "I'll think of something. Body armor or new cams, software upgrades maybe..."
"I didn't mean like that. He's really cool, Mr. Stark." She looks around the lab, eyes still wide but with a new gleam in her eye. "So you built them?"
"What did I tell you about passive scanning?" he asks tightly, forcibly removing his clawed hand from his chest and laying it flat on the bed covers. Jesus, he hurts.
Tony leans forward to the part she is indicating, blinking bright white. "So here's where it starts," he murmurs to himself.
There’s a question hanging at the end of that sentence, but Tony will never voice it, and Steve doesn’t hear it.
It's not like he had been expecting it to be easy. He has a whole new team now; he has to start over from scratch. But he can't quite recall it every being this hard before. He can't recall waking up in the morning and thinking to himself that this is the day he'll just stay in. This is the day he'll hide, let his team sort themselves out, let someone else handle it. Even in those first few months with the Avengers when he and Tony could barely stay civil through one conversation and everyone kept pushing into Barton's sore spots completely unawares, there had still been something there that held them together.
"You know?" Pepper said, a bit too brightly. "I think I want some popcorn. I'm gonna go get some. Steve, do you mind keeping Tony company?" She was already standing and gathering her things. "He just dies without the chance to explain all the scientific inaccuracies in movies."
"Kid," Tony says softly, and Donnie's whole face screws up tight. "If SHIELD sees you out with us - and they will, Don, they've got spies everywhere -"
"Yeah, well," he says, and then stops, because he's got nothing. Some part of him really thought that the war was it, that everything, including himself, had been broken forever, but this isn't anything but
He cocks his head, the line of his shoulders stiffening without conscious thought, bracing himself. Wanda drops her uplifted hand like a guillotine. "You bring him hope and terror in equal measure. A future at the cost of reliving his past. It's unkind to him."
"Good girl. See? You're brilliant," Tony says. His voice shakes. "So." His thoughts begin to stutter now, the peace he felt gone.
, sharply before building back up. "Bruce," Tony breathes. "This - this is incredible, don't get me wrong, buddy, but tell me this data isn't showing a drop that close to
Steve waited for the fog to settle, then adjusted his shield on his back and began the walk to Stark Tower.
Rhodey knows from long experience that it's not as easy as that, but Tony does feel better hearing that, no matter how many times he's heard the sentiment before. "What do you think about all this, with St - with the others?"
Tony nods, and with no small effort, makes himself stand. "Then I'll leave it up to you to get started, Jolly Green. Nat probably wants to talk strategy so who knows how long this will take."
Peter nods again and then sits there for a moment, glancing between Tony and T'Challa before going "
"Diamondback!" Steve warns, and the comm falls silent. Out of the corner of his vision, his excellent eyesight catches Diamondback through the partially open door, petulantly throwing a shuriken at the floor.
In Tony's pocket, in his hand, the phone feels like it weighs a ton. "I'll even throw in a pretty please, Highness. Just ask him."
He admires that Steve’s hair is still golden even in the sickly hospital light, he treasures the steady beep of his heartbeat on the monitor, and he smiles when Steve wakes up and those big blue eyes find his.
"Best case, he signs and goes through house arrest for the next year or so until he's cleared for duty. Worst case, he ends up in jail. Not the Raft, but jail."
For the longest time now, Tony has been almost...afraid of what Steve's absence, what his silence, what that letter with the passive-aggressive capitulation meant, because from where he had sat, it looked a lot like Steve didn't care. That Steve had never cared. That Tony, and the Avengers, had been an acceptable loss. But this drawing, this is not made by a hand that didn't care.
"Come on, up-up-up!" Rachel calls from overhead, a flash of magenta hair peeking from between the rafters. "Move it or lose it! Call your birdboy and get him in here, I want some fun!"
"Leave it alone?" Peter exclaims, standing up. "No, that's not - Gwen gave me that to give to you so you would help us. Build us a hack to get into Osborn's systems, see what he was up to. Mr. Osborn used to take me to tee-ball practice and suddenly he turns into a super-strong maniac throwing people off a building?!
"I wanted to trust him. He came for us in Siberia and I thought 'Finally. Everything's gonna be okay.' Because Tony, you don't know this about him, but he fixes things. Makes them better than before. And I thought with Tony on our side the rest would follow and we would all be - okay, together. And it's keeping me up at night to think that Tony's on the other side of the world, thinking the exact same things about me.
, she doesn't say, but he can read it in the set of her chin. He'd rather she fight. "She told me that from a hospital bed that she is never going to be able to leave under her own power. We took her down;
"The Captain has been contacted. Ready for extraction," the man says, that strange blackness creeping out again.
Before he can stop himself, he takes a step backwards. Her face shifts: anger to concern to anger again, settling on a calm passivity he knows she can't feel. He wasn't expecting this, not at all. He had wondered, of course, thought about asking, but-
, turns away from the computer and goes for the kill. "I bet you got pretty good at that, listening, with Wanda. I know you two were close." Vision actually
Her accent is notably more heavy than T'Challa's and her English a little less fluent, and within five seconds Tony's wondering all sorts of things about Princess Shuri and her place as the second royal child and its relation to her current and preemptive passive-aggressiveness. But he's saving all his questions for later; now he just nods and tells her 'Mr. Stark' is fine. She refuses.
"All I'm hearing is 'Please throw me back in jail!' What about you, Romanov?" Tony hopes he's supposed to be Bad Cop here because he is seriously enjoying it. Clint surges up against his cuffs to try and get to Tony and Tony leans back, watching him with one eyebrow raised.
"Snagged it off of Diamondback," Steve counters, carefully setting the tray up. "Had to go and switch it out. It would be awfully inconvenient for us if you died of arsenic poisoning, ma'am." He smiles, the one he used to shower politicians and bureaucrats with, the one they never knew was cold because they never knew Steve Rogers.
They're gathered around the table on a Friday night, Peter hanging from the ceiling upside down and T'Challa deigning to grace them with his presence, when Tony sets the papers in front of Natasha Romanov to make her the first official ambassador to the United Nations on behalf of the Avengers Initiative. There is the barest quiver at the very corner of Natasha's mouth that gives her away as she stares down at the papers, pen twirling idly in her hand.
There is more but it's lost in the warm circle of Pepper's arms as she wraps herself up against his back and around him, shushing him softly. He is ruining her sensible but stylish pantsuit, he thinks dimly, but she doesn't seem to notice or care, running her hands up and down his chest and neck until he releases the death grip he has over his mother's name and holds her instead.
Tony winces, looking down at his feet and scuffing them against the ground. Uncharitably, he thinks of Steve, the young harsh Steve that had just come out of the ice that would have sneered at anyone who dared imply they wanted gratitude for 'doing their duty.' Dear God, that Steve was an ass. "Thank you," he says, looking at Peter. "Maybe too little, too late, but you're getting it anyway. Thank you."
"Please, just-" she starts sharply, and then she sucks in a deep breath. Tony watches her trying to gain control of her already impassive expression and feels like an ass.
Rhodes, to his surprise, grinned wide. "Cap, everyone knows you and Tony. Ain't no bigger pair of idiots on the campus then when you two try to talk to each other. Tony gave me his version - I guess you could say I'm mad enough that I don't care to hear yours, but I know how you two are. You'll get it all sorted in a day or two and be back to buddies in time for next week's blow-up."
She turns towards him, her eyes leaving Clint for the first time in hours. "So what, he should be punished for that? For not choosing your side? Tony, you did this to him." Tony's whole body goes very rigid and he doesn't answer her, choosing to watch Clint remain stubbornly silent. Natasha expels a harsh breath, steps away for a second, and then steps back. "I don't, I didn't mean that. I meant that he wouldn't be here if it weren't for us. For me."
It's not like he had been expecting it to be easy. He has a whole new team now; he has to start over from scratch. But he can't quite recall it every being this hard before. He can't recall waking up in the morning and thinking to himself that this is the day he'll just stay in. This is the day he'll hide, let his team sort themselves out, let someone else handle it. Even in those first few months with the Avengers when he and Tony could barely stay civil through one conversation and everyone kept pushing into Barton's sore spots completely unawares, there had still been something there that held them together.
"You have collected a particularly resilient bunch," Vision agrees. "Or perhaps they were attracted to the same qualities they saw in you."
"Yeah, I think I am," Bucky says. "I just needed to...talk it through, I guess? And I wanted to hear from you, since you up and abandoned me, punk."
"The Panther," Bucky bursts out, gruff and unprepared for his own voice. He tilts his head a little to the side, eyes dropping then rising immediately in a manner that suggests he is actively fighting an ingrained behavior. "Told me you had the charges for the bombing dropped," he continues more smoothly.
He can't, really, but he doesn't want to disappoint T'Challa, or lie to him, so Tony shrugs and lets himself be led to a small room with one large window taking up a wall. There is a figure just beyond the window, vague and unsymmetrical, but Tony doesn't look too hard, not yet. He keeps his eyes on T'Challa from the moment he's directed to a seat to the moment the king says "I'll be right outside," and shuts the door behind him.
"We're gonna have to fix this," Rhodey says evenly, Tony's ragged breathing clogging up the airwaves. "Go back to the drawing board. You and me, we'll set a precedence, Tones, the council-"
"Adams is right, of course," the Belgian rep says. "Whatever we argue in here, due process of the law cannot be ignored. You will have your trial, Mr. Stark. We will contact you later on the date."
"I feel like I have just been insulted, Your Highness," Tony says tightly. He doesn't want to do this.
(”I used to think I was going to destroy you,” Tony had whispered to him one night. “I’d tell myself that I couldn’t possibly.”
"Are you using your delicate emotional state to finagle a hug out of me, Spiderling?" Peter frowns, his arms starting to lower hesitantly and Tony figures 'fuck it.' Just attach a free hug sign to him because apparently this is his life now. Hugging Peter is strange and for a moment makes him violently miss Harley Keener, but its nice, too. In its own way. Repeat performances won't be necessary. "And you called me manipulative."
"Fuck you," Bucky says fondly. "No, seriously, Steve, it was something really good, too. Something about following you into the jaws of death."
Tony watches the crowds mill by, hears the subtle buzz of insects in the air and people talking, tastes the alcohol burn down his throat and smells the incense in the air. He can't feel a thing. "I'm tired," he says quietly, and T'Challa does not reply but instead signals for the walk back to the palace.
"I'll get him!" Jan said. They waited for her to shrink and fly off but she merely pressed a button on a panel on the front of her suit. "Iron Man, this is Wasp. We're having a pow-wow and you're invited so get over here, Mister!"
Tony's typing blind. "You picked me up out of that bunker, Vision, we both know I'm not okay. Would it -" Jesus, this is hard. "Would it be alright if I told you how not okay I am? We used to talk-" He bites his tongue hard. Vision is not JARVIS.
"He will for today," Bruce growls. "Talk to him, okay? He shouldn't come back in here until he's settled."
-" They both laugh here, though Bucky's is a bit miserable. "Only I don't know why I thought that, Stevie. There's all this stuff and it's like...all the bridges have been burned, in my head. I can't get from point A to point B."
Tony shakes his head, hands gripping down tight over Rhodey's, still on his shoulder. "No. No, listen to me. Let me talk to Barnes. All I need is a comparison. All I need is to see-"
"Still protecting them?" Ross leans closer. "Even after all they've done? Even after Siberia?" A shock of cold shoots straight through Tony's body and he takes an incremental step back, staring wildly at Ross, now wearing a smug grin. "Zemo's interrogation was
But God, does this feel right, Tony alive under his hands, the faintest hint of a pulse in Tony’s lips where they meet Steve. It feels right when he kisses back. Together, he thinks, or not at all. “Don’t be,” he whispers back, and Tony’s lips curve against his.
Love isn’t enough for people like them. Trust, openness, comfort, that’s what they need and never had. But love - love is more than enough to build on.
"Anything he needs, we'll get it. Anything we have, it's his. Tell him I expect the same," he says, unable to quite smooth out the clipped edges to his voice. This makes it real. He's made it real. This is his choice, there's no mistaking that.
Behind them, Peter stops tussling with Donnie over who exactly gets to throw the ball to Dummy this time to protest this. "Hey! What about me?" Pointedly, he gestures the blue panels framing his torso and legs of his costume.
Natasha whistles very quietly, her expression morose, and Tony feels something settle in his gut at what he has potentially committed himself to: a lifetime of helping Bucky Barnes overcome his words and cope with sixty plus years of murdering innocent people. Giving Bucky Barnes something that might help him
He moves to mirror her, placing one elbow on his knee and tipping his head into that hand. "Tell me more about myself, Nat."
The trauma doesn't stop when the pain does, they both know that. Barnes nods, not an inch of devastation or anger on his face, just calm acceptance, and Tony suddenly,
"Kinky," Tony says, but on a sigh so it loses all its punch. "He...he's off. I couldn't tell you how. Anyone who's got Sharon Carter trailing after him like a well-trained dog can't be good news."
it was. Captain America - that's just a nickname the brass gave you to sell bonds. The guy I fought beside in World War II, the one who told the world to screw off because he believed in me when no one else did? That's Steve Rogers. That's who you've always been. It wasn't Cap who made you, you, Steve. It's always been the other way around. That's something I could
She twists her hand so their fingers are just barely brushing. "We're Avengers. Isn't that what we do?"
. It makes something loosen and warm in his chest that he thought he'd left behind somewhere in Siberia, or the caves, or maybe even earlier, some lost Christmas his parents never came home to.
Tony thinks. Wakanda has a sense of humor, it seems) airport in Wakanda's capital, but his sister, the Princess Shuri. She has the same even dark skin tone as her brother and the same round face, but her eyes slant where his do not, her cheekbones a certain type of defined that T'Challa - or really anybody - will never achieve.
“I did what I had to,” Tony says softly, because they have had this conversation more than once. Steve is not one to cast stones at Tony’s maverick tendencies in battle but there had been an adjustment period in the beginning, Tony not used to a team and Steve not used to hyper strong flying battle suits armed with missiles fighting with him.
"I don't want to fight. I want to understand," Steve protested. Rhodes cocked his head a little to the side at that, staring Steve down, those sharp airman's eyes calculating.
Steve rears back, a snarl rising up in him. "Maybe I can't win this game, Fury, but I can damn well break the board. So answer the question: what are you playing at? Who are you playing for?"
“Uh, no. I don’t think even your immune system can take another dip in there.” Steve does that funny little crooked grin he does that Tony used to want to run his fingers along just to straighten and now just wants to run his fingers along. He coughs, looks down. He doesn’t love Steve, but he loves him enough, if that will ever make sense. Enough to take his own dip in the Potomac. “I got you something.”
“Well, inventing is kinda his…” Natasha trailed off as what Brian said caught up to her. “Wait, Tony? With Steve? No. No, that can’t be right.”
To both their surprises, this gets a bark of laughter out of him; he internally commends her on having the good grace not to comment on the slightly crazed bend to it. It tapers off, the vestiges echoing faintly around them. Tony grins at the floor tile just in front of where she stands. "Yeah. I've had better days. Better months, really."
Her son was still sick, of course, even though the fullness of his mark seemed to have revitalized him somewhat. She tucked him back in after that, then sat with him as he demanded to know all about soulmates. She told him,
"I-" Vision comes in over the communicator. He was the only one they could safely send into the fog. Rhodey and Tony linger on the outskirts while Natasha coordinates with Coulson (and isn't that going to be an interesting conversation Tony will never get to see?) "I have casualties."
When she woke, it was quiet. She couldn’t place what was so disquieting about this for a long moment, but then her eyes adjusted, and took in Steve, so silent and still on the bed, and she exploded into motion and sound. One hand felt blindly for his pulse while the other haphazardly reached for his shoulder, shaking it. “Steve,” she begged. She couldn’t lose him now, not when he was so close to the happiness she had only briefly tasted.
“Though your sins are like scarlet..." Maria says, and then she looks over her shoulder at Tony. He knows how this one goes. When he was younger he used to be obsessed with the Bible's concept of forgiveness. That if he just asked, it could be granted. He remembered thinking that whatever wrongs he had done to make his father the way he was, surely they would be wiped clean if Tony just apologized. But apologizing just made Howard angry, and Tony never did get absolution. He never will, until the day he dies, because someone stole his father away from him.
"I feel better," Tony lies. He hasn't slept since they got back from the UN two days ago, the few snatches of sleep he's tried to grab marred by the old dreams of smoke and sand and stars, but it's different now, the smell all wrong and the texture too soft and the formations too bizarre to be anything he's seen before.
"Thank you," he manages. Bucky and he linger on for a few more minutes, desperate for every second of conversation they can get, and then voices begin to filter through on Bucky's end. "Later," Steve says, and it's a promise.
when he looked at Steve, and it drove him crazy. Steve thought he was done with feeling like he wasn’t enough.
Natasha nods, her face impassive even as her eyes zero in on the bags under Tony's eyes. There will be
they give us these individual contracts. they're actually pretty good. air tight. Tasha says t'challa's got one of his own you should take a look.
When Tony dreams that night it is Steve above him again, shield in his hands, ready to bring it down onto Tony's face. Bucky Barnes is lying armless a few feet away. "I want to stop coming here," he tells Steve. "Why couldn't you just tell me?"
"Anybody using their powers to police. Unless they retire. Until I can get that changed." Ross' control on the Accords needed to be removed as soon as possible; it's him that's pushing so hard for this sort of rounding up and registering. But until then, Tony's going to play by the rules and protect as many people as he can.
Tony is dreaming. For the first time in a long time, it isn't about his parents, or Siberia. He's in his Malibu house, and it is whole. He is laying on the couch, the sound of waves crashing at his back, the arc reactor heavy in his chest, and he can't move.
"What about this doesn't make sense?" Tony says wildly. Why are they looking at him like this, like he's to be feared? If he's right, and he's always right, then his father has made a huge mistake, and Tony has to fix this. "If we can isolate Barnes' serum and find it in Terrigenesis, then great. But what if its not? What if it's a different formula, my father's formula? He would never have settled for Barnes. Barnes is weaker than Steve, slower, doesn't heal as fast. Do you - do you
"Go ahead," Tony says tonelessly. It's why they're out here in the first place, making sure War Machine's up to scratch. No matter how positive public response was to War Machine and Iron Man's actions in containing Norman Osborn they still broke the law of the Accords, if not the spirit. The Avengers' army of lawyers have pretty much guaranteed that under Good Samaritan laws the United States will be willing to let this go, but Carol Danvers has already informed Rhodey that the military is considering taking War Machine at least partially back under their wing in a sort of probation period.
I need a meeting with Osborn kid. I was being proactive. And thorough. Also, tell this charming PA that while their attempts to block my calls are downright adorable, SI owns like 500 telephone numbers and I can always buy more.
"A journalist always has to know the kernel of truth, you told me that. How are people really dealing with it?"
"God, I haven't had a flashback like that in ages," he confesses to Rhodey's shoulder. "Where's Nat?"
"We promise. You're a member of this team. Reserve status, retired like me, whatever, you are an Avenger," Clint says firmly. "But you
"I would have been honored by that," Steve said honestly. The stare that got was incredulous and Tony made a noise that blurred the line between sob and chuckle.
. From most perspectives, Tony's perfectly within his rights to be pissed at Steve for all eternity. But even that mad craze that seized him in Siberia, that wasn't righteous. It was just pain. And it disappeared the moment Steve did, leaving Tony in the dirt.
"Hey," he calls when Peter is only a few paces away. "Do you...want company?" Peter cocks his head to the side, brows drawing in, and Tony points down the hill. "To visit them. I could come. If you want."
T'Challa chuckles. "Yes, and they are called the Dora Milaje." Private joke, Tony assumes. Or christ, maybe there are magic panthers guarding Wakanda. They sit in silence for a long moment while T'Challa studies Tony and Tony studies the grain of the conference table.
Things got out of control. The Accords wanted to tie our hands, shift responsibility. We'd be under someone else's control. Someone we didn't know someone who didn't know us.
"But you're exhausted," Lukin finishes, smiling charmingly at her. Tony feels a twinge in jaw from how hard he grinds his teeth. "Of course. I have business of my own to attend to. I'll see you all tomorrow at the hearing. Good luck, Mr. Stark, Colonel Rhodes."
Tony pulls a face. The Spyder had been a one of Pepper's more dubious purchases. He separates the key and tosses it to Rhodes. "You're not going with him?" Natasha asks, amused, and Tony puts on a stricken face.
"Making tea?" Spider-Man says like its obvious. He looks over his shoulders to find both men watching him and he shrugs. "Like I said, you look bad, Mr. Stark. You need tea. It's like one of the rules of life, you know?"
T'Challa opens his mouth but it is another who responds. "And there is so very much to appreciate!" Aleksander Lukin crows, Sharon Carter standing just behind him, her face half shaded in the shadows the man seemed to throw off in every direction.
"Sadly, he's not joking," Rhodey interjects. "I have never seen the man so well-fed. Stay with us, Laura."
Tony can't look anywhere but those glowing red eyes, noting with the same dim horror he always has how similar Ultron's face looks to that first armor he built, so many years ago. Ultron could have become anything it wanted - why did it choose this form? Why did it choose
Steve is letting Barnes go, in a way. Tony thought it would feel like victory, if a malicious one. Instead, his heart aches a little for them both.
while he ignores the kid's calls. He can't talk to Peter right now. He can't listen to his voice and try to reconcile how proud he is of Spider-Man with how scared he had been for Peter on that rooftop.
about Kamala and Spider-Man, you're thinking about what's right in front of you, but what you're talking about - what you yourself just talked about on TV and, oh the program you and Hawkeye are developing? Don't think the rest of the world won't take note - you're talking about
Tony even has Pepper on the move. While the Terrigen mist was lethal to those who inhaled large quantites, plenty of Newark only got trace amounts of the gas. Stark Industries is already funding a relief effort and Tony has his R&D labs working around the clock with local medical facilities to see if they can counteract the genetic abnormalities that have started popping up in the victims.
' Marcus Brutus' name, exactly, scrawled across Julius Caesar's wrist after the death of his daughter, the beginning of his descent into madness.
The council looks between themselves and the American delegate finally leans forward. "I do not see why this is a question at all. James Barnes has always deserved a trial; what you are arguing for is a basic human right, Mr. Stark, and it is baffling to me we are debating this. I will see this to the ICJ, Mr. Stark, you have my word. Will Sergeant Barnes be there to defend himself?"
"Poor choice of words!" The green figure cackles as once more Peter is sent flying through the air. War Machine intercepts him immediately, taking Spider-Man to the ground.
Tony only just barely refrains from jumping, turning instead to look at Bruce, eyebrows waggling. "Is that personal experience speaking there, Dr. Banner?"
. Not what Obie was doing, not what ignoring Killian would do, not what Ultron would turn into. Howard couldn't have known - but he should've known
In the quiet that falls he turns back to his desk. He taps a beat against the table, a nameless tune he can't recall the origin of, and then slowly reaches up to tap at an icon he hasn't used in months. The old SHIELD eagle, once defunct, now pulsing with life again.
I can't escape this, I can't protect people from this, the only thing I can do is try to control it, and you want to talk to me about fear?"
in the middle of a lecture on my moral quandaries," Rachel says, voice so dry he feels scorched hearing it.
He moves to stand but Hope hisses "I'm not finished yet" and he sits right back down, a little quailed despite himself.
Tony shrugs. "I expect it of you." She rears back the exact same way she did when he called her a double agent and he sighs, laying the wire down. "Nat, be honest with me, there's a part of you that's surprised I'm not blackout drunk right now."
Hope's side-eye is as impressive as every other thing she does. "You know, I think that little nickname's more of a compliment than you meant it to be, Stark. For your information...I was, apparently, 'hovering.'" It looks like it pains her to admit. She point the spoon at him, more threatening than it has any right to be. "Scott's words, not mine. I thought I was positively delightful."
But that was a dream, like Wanda's vision, and when it ended he felt just as alone. If he could go back...If he could go back, he'd do the same thing.
"Shame," Sam mourned. A good chunk of his Twitter followers came from his multiple tweets chronicling Iron Man's ongoing struggle with flexibility.
That was Tony's vision of the future. Progress, at the sacrifice of everything else, and all controlled by Tony Stark.
"And why is that, Mr. Stark? This Winter Soldier murdered your parents, we have all seen it," the councilwoman from England asks. "You are not the only one who has suffered at his hands."
Jan turned her nose up at him. "I'm sorry Steve won't let you sneak tech into his clothes, Sam, but there's no reason to be jealous of me and Tony." Confused and feeling just a bit judged, Sam turned a pleading eye towards Steve, who fixed with a flat stare and mouthed 'no.'
"You're just not there yet. It took JARVIS a long time to hack without being detected. I shouldn't have thrown you in the deep end like that. We'll figure it out, Fry, don't worry. What's next on the list?"
“Then stop trying to fix me!” Steve shouted. “Just-“ He shoved Tony’s hand, clutching whatever Tony had tried to show him, back into the smaller boy’s chest. “Just leave me alone.”
it." Tony finally looks up at that, to find the reactor or confront his father, he's not sure which, but he comes face-to-face with Rhodey instead, his hand on Tony's shoulder, shaking it.
There is a loud crackle in Tony's ear, making him involuntarily jerk to the side. As he course corrects, he barks out a roll call, but Luke and Daredevil are as fine as they were ten seconds ago. "Spider-Man?" Tony tries.
A battered exhale. "Tony? Please tell me you're coming." Peter's voice is so small. "I'm not doing so hot."
"Of course I do," Rhodey says, achingly fond. He drops his arms and steps forward into Tony's space. "Go to town."
Still, he doesn’t love Steve right up until the moment that Steve finds him hiding in his Tower workshop a month after he left him at the new compound with the recruits. They’ve been chatting by phone, keeping each other updated while Tony tries to handle the fact that he built the very thing he was trying to prevent and Steve tries to deal with the fact that Tony didn’t tell him about it.
"I know you, Tony, because I know me, too. Don't kill yourself over this, please," Bruce says quietly. "You are not your father."
He remembers the first time he came here and realized the ground had evened out over his parents' caskets instead of the small hill of displaced earth. It was when he really got that they weren't coming back. Now the ground is well-worn beneath his legs and he is twenty-five years older but the feeling hits him all over again. They are
"FRIDAY," Natasha says immediately, and her phone gives a little ding in response. Natasha looks from it to the transcript to Tony and her eyes are infinitely softer than they were in Belgium. "I'll be careful."
"That was four years ago, Stark, and written when you had the luxury of screwing up," Nat snaps, turning to face him as well, her face smooth despite the fire in her tone. "You don't have that anymore, none of us do. This terrigen thing, have you even asked Bruce for help, or did you do it all yourself?"
They make an interesting procession to the theater, parking in an enclosed, well secured garage and making their way down to Broadway in pairs and trios. Tony wishes he could sit with the Khans and see their faces light up at the spectacle - because no matter his other opinions about treacly, trope-y
"Sir," Cloak says, nearly drawling the word, and flicks out his hand again to summon another splash of darkness. "Captain."
Laura takes the keys from his hand with a smile. "We'll be fine, Tony." Clint and the two of them had decided that Vision was the best option to protect the Bartons from any harm. They would be taking one of the boxes Tony reserved.
"If Nat and I didn't sign the Accords we'd be right next to you in the Raft," Tony says bluntly, ignoring Clint's flinch. "The Accords were always going to happen whether we liked it or not. The people are scared of us, Barton." Clint opens his mouth and Tony slams a hand down flat on the table. "One hundred and thirty eight countries, now, Barton, who didn't feel safe with us running around unchecked across their borders. And you think your opinion is somehow more important than theirs?"
Steve tries for one right then and knows he misses by a mile. Nothing seems to fit him right nowadays. Rachel's smirk fades as she watches him.
She nodded, scarcely able to speak, and as one, mother and son flew together, holding each other close for several minutes as the truth sunk in. Her little boy would be
It was then, as the Academy was still smoking, that the HYDRA helicarrier appeared on the horizon, a man at its' helm that Steve thought he had defeated long ago, and once and for all: The Red Skull.
They have not gotten everyone to the roof; Tony sees a few waving out of the broken windows all along the building. He knows Vision and Wasp are still a few miles out but they direly need more fliers. He sets his two civilians on the ground, about the head back up when a tall, older blonde man in a police uniform calls his name.
Tandy looks away from where her partner is begrudgingly practicing with Diamondback. "Lookie, lookie, here," she sing-songs sweetly. "Steve Rogers deigning to speak with me outside a mission!" It is not unkind, but the rebuke is not subtle.
Steve remained silent, desperately trying to find the words again, while Tony looked around, his eyes finally coming to rest on the robot barkeeper. "Time Fog.
"Oh really?" he asks, leaning forward to prop one elbow on the counter to hide his unease. He is suddenly extremely thankful Hope is a good fifteen years younger than him; she would have destroyed him with one look at the negotiating table if their companies ever tangled. "Then enlighten me, Ms. van Dyne."
"Tony, would you please look at me?" Tony almost did; his head turned towards Steve even though his eyes locked on a spot somewhere over his right shoulder. But it was enough. All Steve wanted was to see his eyes. "Look. I...I didn't choose this. To be here, I mean. So. I would like to choose everything else."
They all seem so happy. Tony watches smiles across faces and people laughing and for a terrible dizzy second he cannot comprehend it. It's like his soul, if he even believed it in, has taken a step outside of his body. It's like a sick science experiment for a moment, his brain making a thousand calculations about endorphins and external stimuli and patterns of behavior. He's not part of this.
"You realize what you're doing," Steve says, unable to fully comprehend the man in front of him. "People aren't calculations. You are sending in my teammates, my
Was Howard like Tony is? Maybe it wasn't admiration Tony heard in his father's voice as a child. Maybe it was resentment.
Tony panics, but there’s no way to take something like that back. “It’s not just my parents. You didn’t tell me about Zemo, either, until it was too late. You were scared of my reaction, weren’t you?” Steve says nothing, eyes still like saucers and Tony closes his eyes. “I just want to know why. What did I do to make you-”
? Uh, yeah, it was better. The guy killed your dad, T'Challa, and a whole lot of other good people. He deserves to rot."
"Thanks, Killer Queen," he replies, and is briefly overwhelmed at how much he has missed Natasha, even though she's been back for several days. He clears his throat and looks away. "You see where Rogers marked up the Accords? I guess they're allowing crayons at the kiddie table again. He left some notes for you."
"When the 'or else' is jail?" Tony asks rhetorically, sharp as knives that he softens with a sigh, knowing that Bruce has a point.
"This would be protecting people - us!" Tony protested. "Are we supposed to play catch-up for the rest of our lives, hoping against hope that this time won't be the one they get lucky and take one of us out?"
One time Diamondback pretended to faint just to get Steve to hold her, in the comics. It was amazing.
Fury's joking, but this is completely accurate. One day Peter Quill tells Fury about this older gentleman who could wrap himself ten times around a pole and his invisible wife but 'like, the guy would not shut up about string theory, man! Your friend there has been ON FIRE for the past ten minutes. Explain that!')
Bucky laughs again, hoarse and unhappy. "I was holed up in hotel rooms and every once in awhile I'd look around and nothing would look right. Because my brain had fallen back to 1944, or 1959, or '85 or '97 or some fucking year that wasn't now. And maybe I'd get lucky that day, and I would wonder where Stevie and the Commandos were, what kinda bender I'd gone on last night that they'd left me to sleep off. Those are they days I wrote about, the ones you - found." There's a small surge of guilt at that, even though there's no accusation in Bucky's voice and it had to be done to find out where his headspace was at the time. "Most days I wasn't though. I'd slip back to the Winter Soldier, ready for a hit, waiting for my handler to come with my gear so I could suit up."
"In a -" Tony swallows his next words, guaranteed to be outraged and hurtful. Bruce isn't trying to hurt Donnie. No one is going to hurt Donnie, he has to remember that. "Okay. Look. You keep working on this - this is good work. But right now, it's non-viable. Do not bring it up to Donnie because he will volunteer for it a heartbeat. Until we can work out the kinks, maybe some practical application once we figure out how to Winter Soldier-ize some mice, and we'll look at it again. But this could kill him. It's too risky."
- as well as the embedded audio. I suggest you listen once without sound, once with, and once to the audio by itself. A lot of the stuff you're going to have no idea about. That's fine - Cap tends to use military jargon, Tony has always been overly fond of shorthand commands that takes constant exposure to get used to, Natasha and I talk almost entirely in code out of habit. Don't worry about it. This is practice. There's no pressure."
“Don’t leave me,” he whispers into Tony’s hair as the man trails kisses down his neck, lips trailing over the pulse beating double time in his neck over and over, a point of fascination for Tony.
control entirely. They've been fighting the yoke of the Accords for awhile - the incident in New York City with Green Goblin fanned the flames that were sparked by the loss of Captain America to parts unknown seven months ago - but he's worried that some senators will spy the gap the US is trying to force between itself and the Accords and set up legislation of their own.
So while Malik was motivated by blind zeal, Sarkissian is motivated by something a bit more personal. Still completely HYDRA though, obviously.
“Oh!” They all darted forward at once, six children all eager to even touch Captain America’s shield. Their smiles were bright, and happy, and contagious. The encounter with that cold stranger almost melted away.
He can hear Peter's yelp from the other side of glass as the kid twists in midair around the wound, his momentum carrying him straight into a wall. "Shit," Tony hisses, and he and Nat scramble to the door to get inside.
"Agent Barton." There is far more warning in Vision's voice now, if you know how to hear it. Clint does not.
So it's not anger that keeps him from contacting Steve. Not really. Because Steve lied to him, Steve took his money and his tech for years and
“At least I know how to fight without a fancy suit of armor!” Steve shot back, not noticing Tony’s flinch. “At least I know how to actually live in the real world and not rely on robots to solve everything!”
The other Tony eyed him, not particularly friendly, but not with the burning contempt Steve had been met with thus far. “…you’re not as good at these speeches as my Cap,” he finally declared and Steve, surprised, let out the breath he’d been unknowingly holding in a punched out laugh. “Yeah, its okay, you can laugh. That’s a compliment.”
." Suddenly Vision head tilts sharply in the other direction just as Rhodey's phone beeps loudly in his pocket. Rhodey pulls it out, staring at the new number listed on his screen, and then turns that sharp gaze on Tony.
Peter cocks his head a bit at that, gears clearly turning in that mastermind of his, and no, call Tony a hypocrite, but he's still not ready to drag all that into light. "You're a good friend, Parker." Peter's mouth twists a little at that, something between a smile and a grimace.
Some make him hopeful. Steve has taken one of the parts of the charter that discuss the rules within the Avengers Initiative itself to task, pointing out that nowhere in there does it necessarily protect the council from deciding they can change these rules to suit their own whims, and suggested a fix. Tony has circled this multiple times.
Steve looks down at the phone and takes a moment to remember and to believe that they are trusting him with this. Maybe he could stand to trust himself a little, as well.
O ye of little faith. The worst Junior can do on that front is say no. SI is safe. If you want to play it safer, I'll use Stark Ventures instead. The prostheses tech line is supposed to be its flagship program and I wanted that off the ground three months ago. At this point we could probably use a med tech firm's help and OsCorp's always been solid.
Sam sighs, stretches out wide, eyes him tiredly. "Steve, man, it's like I keep saying. Just let it settle. Figure it out.
"Speculation from who?" he hears himself asking FRIDAY, his mind as always running at least three tracks at once.
She leaned against the door, one ear listening, making sure Steve’s next raspy breath wasn’t his last, but both eyes, like always, were for her husband. Her soulmate.
I tell him about the horrible things, the dark things. I tell him about the smell of rotting corpses - he counters with the smell of burning flesh. I tell him about the quiet of ice and he sneers ‘remember when you almost closed me up in space?’
Steve had already leapt up before Tony had straightened to his full height. "Because it's all the same thing! It's always the same thing with you, Tony: when things get too hard you immediately fall back on your tech to solve your problems instead of fighting it out or, God forbid, ask someone for help."
Pepper is there with Happy, and wow, the strings she must have pulled to get him the seat next to her. But she looks relaxed in a way she hasn't in months. Rhodey has found Carol Danvers, as if it was easy to miss her in that striking red dress, and wandered off to claim their seats. Donnie, beside him, is barely recognizable but for his wide smile as he sips down a Cola he'll regret later.
"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about, Captain," Fury says dryly. "And I suspect you don't either."
"His Panther-ness is always careful." The bitterness of Tony's voice pairs horribly with the sing-song tone. "He knows I'll exercise the same caution. Transfer now, please."
"The lights were still on," Pepper supplies. "Before the explosions. There are people still in there."
"Likewise," Tony manages, and it shouldn't be funny, but there it is, the barest hint of a chuckle under his breath. His mind, which had screeched to a dead halt, is racing ahead of him now, thinking of how Tiberius will need to spin this (and how he'll need to spin Ty), thinking what this will mean for Wanda and Wilson, thinking how Barnes must have talked to Steve, that Steve knows what Tony's done.
"Holy shit, Tony, what-" The web jerks and Tony looks up to see Peter falling to the side, the Green man peering over the edge before turning back to his prey. "Daredevil, War Machine, anybody, to the roof, now!"
Tony nods, smiling a little and feeling so out of his depth. "'Course. Like I said. I trust you. You have never let me down. And I've learned my mistake, okay, this isn't my guilt talking, this isn't me trying to parent you, this is me being your team leader. I have an obligation not only to you but to the rest of my team to make sure you are in the best possible shape to be at our six."
"I wish you would reconsider," T'Challa rumbles from where he stands with them just outside the west wing of the palace where he has allowed them to stay for these long months. In his hands are Scott's processing papers he brought as proof that their one-time teammate was being treated according to the law. The king would look completely unruffled if not for the way the papers are beginning to crumple in his grip.
"He's going home tonight," Natasha says. "I told him he had to test out the shoulder before I'd let him leave. He's fine, Tony, stop worrying."
Tony reaches out and cautiously lays a hand on T'Challa's shoulder then retracting it before the king can even glance sideways at him. "I have complete and utter faith in you, Your Pantherness."
"You're right, though, Bruce," he says, and flips the folder shut. "We'll never know. Not really. Maybe he did, maybe he didn't. Maybe I still jump at his shadow." He doesn't look at Bruce's face, turning back to the computer and saving the changes to FRIDAY's code, bringing her back online. He clears his throat. "Heavy moment over, please. Science now."
"Just go, Tony," Bruce says, giving him a good-natured shove towards the door. Tony obeys, heading out into the hallway and up the stairs to the first floor, where the War Room is held. (Steve had hated that name when he'd first heard it and made that fact well-known, but all it really did was launch a ten-minute discussion between the rest of the Avengers on if Captain America would enjoy
This chapter is a two-parter, and the other should be up much quicker than this one came, that's for damn sure. Thank you all once again!
What a turn-around, he thought, his mind still whirling with the fight from earlier. Wasn't Tony the one who had once begged him to let the Avengers in and realize he wasn't alone? He should have known Tony would be terrible at taking his own advice. There was just - there was no need for it! Steve, Jan, the others, they would always be there to fight by his side. Sometimes Tony acted like the Avengers were just there to be his test subjects for his latest and greatest creation.
The first thing Kamala Khan ever says to him is "Oh, it's you," in the most unimpressed voice that Tony has ever heard.
As for Tony and Iron Man, he finds himself for the first time working from the weaker position in relation to the Accords. Clearly after what happened revisions are still needed and luckily King T'Challa's word is still practically gold, but Tony already has a reputation as a 'loose cannon' that no amount of Accords-signing can change, and he's now on his second strike.
But it was more than Tony had spoken to me in months, so I rise to the bait. Flung down the gauntlet. I start with the most recent wound - him.
Natasha actually leans back a little, even though her expression doesn't change. "You don't mean that," she says steadily.
"Yes, making you face your feelings, how diabolical of me," Rhodey mutters but he does, Tony notes, steer them the rest of the way into the room without complaint.
"Ports!" Tony told him joyfully. "For the nanites to enter and exit my body." Steve went green, then white, his eyes snapping to Tony's.
He sucks it up and turns to Rhodey, not knowing quite what to expect, but he really shouldn't be surprised by the understanding he finds there. His friend leans forward to rest his forearms on the table, a smile devoid of happiness but not warmth on his face. "You've got a lot on your plate, Tones. Let me and Vision handle this one."
, she thought as she read. For who better to complete Steve than the boy who had never left his side.
FRIDAY, in contrast, sounds apprehensive. The ringtone sounds again. Natasha has frozen, her eyes on Tony, who is similarly struck stock-still.
"Perhaps I can help with that," a voice says, and Steve is whipping around and grabbing the table to flip it up in defense before he can register who is talking to him. It is a man, smooth- and dark-skinned like the other Wakandans, completely regular except for the slight flatness in his accent and the way his face is not quite shaped like the typical Wakandan.
I do want to mention right off the bat that while I try to keep characterization and motivation consistent I am constantly reading meta about CW that makes me think and re-think things so you may find the characters shifting (GRADUALLY) from chapter to chapter. But I also think that works for the fic: Team Iron Man and Team Cap have both gotten over their gut reactions to what happened in the war and now they're dealing with everything else.
"Yes to all of it, Fry." A large projection of the nightly news plays against the glass of his lab doors showing a skyscraper in New York - Oscorp, close enough to Stark Tower that Tony can actually see his name glowing in the background of the shot. "Pep, please tell me you aren't in the city."
He looks up, looks out, to see Avengers strewn across the place. They sleep and do not wake. His eyes fall on Steve, whose uniform is as dusty as his shield. Tony itches to wipe it clean, but he must build.
And yet. Rhodey is conversing with Donnie about the fix to War Machine while Bruce is painstakingly explaining Hulk cell replication to a rapt Aamir while Kamala smiles at her brother, a hint of pride in her dark eyes overshadowed by wistfulness and grief (she will confess to Tony one day that her parents always called Aamir brilliant but lazy and would have been ecstatic that he's showing interest in something for once in his life. She will cry about how sometimes she gets so angry that it took them dying for Aamir to make something of himself. She will let Tony hug her tight). Hope is chatting with Lila Barton because it only took her two days to stop pretending she wasn't good with kids while Clint steals food off Cooper's plate amid his son's protestations and grabby hands. When Laura finally breaks it up she lets Nate, bouncing on her lap, decide 'who started it' and Clint pouts when the baby points at him and gurgles. Tony eats with one hand while he and Vision pass holograms between them, working on a new set of codes that could become War Machine's first-ever AI.
He stops, mouth opening and closing, and does something he hasn't done in years, which is actually look at the source of his AI's voice. FRIDAY's rudimentary, pixelated face, the one they slowly been perfecting together, is displayed on his phone, and her wide blank eyes seem to be looking back. "How?" he asks her, voice nearly breaking with suppressed stress.
Tony exhales, casting a long glance at the container. "Right. You have all the notes, right, I made FRIDAY transfer them-"
Maria, Howard knew, had gotten Tony a child-sized keyboard. He had caught Tony at the door to Maria's little den more than once, watching her play. Had scared him away a few times, too, until he realized one day that Maria knew Tony was watching. Mother and son didn't interact much, not since the broken cup, but in this one way, they were the same.
"Everything recovered has been turned over to the Russians, who were gracious enough to collaborate with many of our analysts in decrypting the data. If anything was found that was relevant to the Avengers, you would be the first to know." Everett's eyes are sharp as they watch Tony's shoulder rise just a bit higher in tension.
"He went anyway," Sam points out. "Just like last time. He broke the Accords when it really counted."
“Like you said. A lot has changed.” It doesn’t sound agreeable, or even kind. It’s miserable, Steve’s voice, and angry.
Yeah, Tony kinda outed Peter over the comms. To literally Rhodey, since DD was done for the count and its not like Jessica cares. Everybody wave to Peter because we won't be seeing as much of him over the next few chapters.
"I'll try," Peter says, which from him is as good as a promise. Tony lets him go without pushing the point too hard; Rome wasn't built in a day, and Peter's burgeoning guilt complex won't be fixed with one talk. Sometimes penance feels better than knowing there was nothing you could've done. It took Tony a long time to realize that, and most days he's fine ignoring that revelation, but Peter's smarter than him, anyway. He'll figure it out. Tony and the team will be there until he does.
"You put yourself in jail, Barton," Rhodey had said back, the evenness of his tone doing nothing to alleviate the disgust on his face. "You knew what would happen and you did it anyway and all you can do is take it out on everybody else." He had looked Clint up and down with an expression that would have made Tony want to die if it was ever directed at him. "Who the hell are you anyway."
Vision looks uneasy but nods. "This is the best possible place for Tony. We will be in contact the whole time."
He is panting and truthfully he's not sure what just came out of his mouth. He's not even sure he believes all of it, or if he just spat out every half-formed dark thought he's had about Steve over the past few months. The team is staring back at him, Rhodey standing up now while Natasha has sat herself down in Tony's chair and Clint has curled back against the couch cushions, his arguing face on even though he thankfully keeps his mouth shut.
"You will cry," Tony replied promptly. "Are you - are you staying here? Do you want me to go get back your bean bag from Taskmaster?"
Maria said something and Tony turned towards him, something that might have been hope in his eyes for just a second before he blinked and it was gone. Howard didn't have to think about it. He placed the pamphlet on the table and slid it towards his son.
"You know the Captain even stopped me from hypnotizing Anthony? Said it was 'bad for his brain' and then got angry with me when I told him that if Stark didn't want to be hypnotized, maybe he shouldn't have such a weak mind! The audacity of that man. I'm only trying to help!"
Tony strained, but there was nothing but their breathing and the far-off music from Club A. “No. What is it?”
"Cut off one head and two more shall take it's place," she had quoted viciously as they readied to jump off the plane into enemy territory. "That's all we're doing. We need to aim for the heart, Rogers."
. He's that guy. What that also means is he's cocky, he's competitive, and he's YOUNG. Younger than any other Steve, and I think in a lot of ways that would make him even more stubborn and sad about being in the future. There's a lot more I could type about this, because AvAc skewing their characters that young and keeping their backgrounds mostly intact is TERRIFYING, but I'll let my writing (hopefully) speak for itself.
"Not really," Peter says, embarassed. "I know a little about data entry, but she says that this one number kept popping up - this one, here. And all of this was under something called Project Samson. Mr. Osborn had been working on it for months before the - the accident, Harry said he was obsessed. Tony? You have this face right now. I'm not a fan of it. What is it?"
Tony nods, swallows down the bile in his throat. Manages to keep it down the whole way into the city, but it is very near thing when he walks into his mansion and sees Bruce Banner sitting in the living room, eyes growing green in the darkness.
If his father had created something like this, the man who had always made sure to pressure to Tony that innovation was good but a flawless product was better, if he had done this, used a mad scientist notes to create himself a new Steve Rogers - if his mistakes could be corrected, another atrocity Tony had been blind to his whole life, was he seriously supposed to sit back and let it go?
"Start talking," Steve commands, signalling up to Cloak to retrieve Dagger and Falcon and bring them inside. "Where are the other bombs?"
He sticks out a hand and T'Challa doesn't hesitate before taking it. "You are a good man, Captain. I wish you luck."
The taste is at the back of his tongue as he stares down the man who just walked into the compound and the motley crew assembled behind him.
"And the part where he told General Ross of the evidence in Siberia. I know how it affected you, then."
“Warning,” Steve finally manages. His fingers are on Tony’s neck, feeling his pulse and pulling him closer, never close enough. “Next time you pull a stunt like that, I want a warning.”
"...and that's how we took down the Archon of Imperi VI," Gamora finished with a self-satisfied grin as Natasha and Sam leaned back in their seats impressed. The spy actually raised an eyebrow, which, for anyone who knew her, spoke to how impressed she was.
Steve shook his head, and Tony’s mouth twisted in an odd grin-grimace. “You think they don’t want to do the same for you, fearless leader?”
This is how Peter and Rhodey find him an indeterminate amount of time later. "Tones?" Rhodey's voice is concerned and he peers up at his friend blearily before his eyes drift down to his best friend's legs. This new model of braces are so thin they almost indiscernible under Rhodey's loose fitting slacks but Tony knows. Tony always knows.
"Oh, come on, Dr. Banner," Donnie wheedless from his workplace. "You've got to! Vision's coming. Even
The cold has grown unbearable. He feels the suit weighing him down, cold concrete against his back and a weight at his hips. He hears the wind and its sounds like a shield slicing down, down, down.
At that, silence fell over the table, broken only by Natasha slowly, carefully, placing her knife on the table with the kind of precision that made her friends shiver. “He’s made Tony cry?” she asked, just as slowly and carefully.
The last part is hard, directed towards the Captain. Her already ram-rod posture grows even more stiff but otherwise she shows nothing. "Of course. I just wanted to let Jim know what his options were."
Tony actually rolls his eyes. Not the smartest idea, but Bruce can handle it. "You gonna Hulk out and join us out in the field anytime soon? No? Then congrats, you don't have to sign the Accords. They don't say anything about us having consultants. Ross tries anything I got an army of lawyers ready to bury his ass. T'Challa and I have basically stonewalled him anyway, but if you really wanted to stick it to him, you could speak out."
Tony doesn't breathe again until he's gone and is thankful Rhodey snags him by the arm and sits him down before he collapses to the floor in front of royalty. "We're gonna have to do something about that," he says breathlessly. And then he perks up. "Good thing Natasha kidnapped Barton."
, I don't want you to sit idly by. You've built tech that's saved our lives. But the first place you went to today, at the first sign of adversity...you looked at this tech and all you see is the blueprint for a better weapon. Tony, I thought you wanted to build a better
"Hope will be driving," Hope stresses, and Aamir pouts. Tony switches directions at the last moment and presses the keys into Hope's hands, giving her a meaningful look that she acknowledges with the smallest of nods. It feels huge, trusting her with the Khans, but Hope's general incapability to lose her cool will keep all three running on a tight ship.
Right. The veritable stockpile of data sitting pretty in FRIDAY's servers right now, ready first for the council to see and then for Tiberius' spin to show the whole world just how helpless James Barnes really was. "I kinda wanted the guy's permission before I make him the greatest underdog story ever told and dump his trauma on national television - my own experience with that was a
When he levers himself out of bed he aches in a way he is unaccustomed to, not even back when he weighed ninety-five pounds and was constantly on the verge of death. This ache has somehow gotten into his bones and weighs him down. The bed seems insanely tempting.
"Because I was wanted," the Madame says. "Then later, needed. There is no better feeling, is there, Captain? Almost intoxicating. I can see it in your eyes, too. The withdrawal. So many places you'd rather be."
"You know," Steve says hoarsely. "I've always been fond of option three." And he throws the shield with all his might.
Peter grinds his teeth together, thinking hard and not liking any bit of it, probably furious at Tony's very salient points. "What about Harry?" he finally asks. "I mean his father's essentially dead to him now, and this could be what caused it. Maybe Mr. Osborn was experimented on like that Barnes guy. Maybe it wasn't his fault. Don't you think he deserves to know what happened to his dad?"
"Well, now you're just being ridiculous." A silence falls, and Tony frowns. "Grand finale, or more bad news? Fry?"
Her husband’s second soulmate. The name that ran parallel to her own, the one that was whispered in Sarah’s wake at the market. Joseph had never gone looking for the woman, but her presence persisted anyway, a specter in their marriage. Of all the scars left by the Great War on Joseph’s body, this was the only he could not carry with honor. If a soulbond was meant to make a person whole, then needing a second must mean that the person had fractured somewhere on the inside, and in doing so, had fractured the original connection. It spoke of weakness of the mind, and weakness in the bond.
With a lazy salute from Cloak, a passing hand on the shoulder from Dagger, and a sneer that's almost nice from Diamondback, they exit, their voices echoing down the hall as Steve is left with Sam. Steve looks at his friend to find him watching him with a gaze he can't read - happiness, maybe, but sadder. But for the first time in weeks Sam doesn't look absolutely exhausted.
Rogers. I watched you at the airport, blowing up planes and trucks and each other like you had good sense. That was the team I built, those were the people I trusted to keep the world safe. And when push came to shove, you fell apart. You couldn't hold it together. You forgot your duty. So yeah, I'm playing this a little close to the chest."
"Sergeant Barnes did not kill your parents, Tony," T'Challa says softly, comfortingly, but Tony despite his words feels that same anger welling up inside of him again.
(Tony's deepest, darkest secret seems almost trivial but here it is: he would've given almost anything just to have Obie survive. He would have thrown him in jail, of course, but he would've had visited. Even if Obie spat in his face, called him every name, he would have visited. The man had practically raised him.
Stark set the glass down, fingering the rim, and then turned to him, eyes suddenly very wet. "Are you happy?" he asked, leaning close. "You know I don't believe in God, Sheriff. I don't - I don't know where you went. But I know I'm not going to the same place. Tell me now, while we've got the chance."
Bruce is up and out of his chair before Tony can blink. "Don't. Just don't. Don't try to pull any of your shit on me, Tony, because I am
"Healing factor, Mr. Stark. I'll be fine. Might crash on your couch for a few days." Peter lists to the side as he webs the man up, his movements overly precise to make up for whatever the blood-loss is doing to his head.
Sam hefts his bag onto his shoulder and faces Steve, his brow furrowing at whatever he sees. "Steve," he says, placing a hand on his shoulder. "We knew what we were getting into, and we can always get out of it. You wanted to know the long game, the real threat? This is the place to be. I'm with you, alright? Now get some sleep."
His musings are interrupted by a "What the hell" from Rhodey and both scientists look up. Rhodey is holding up the trigger mechanism in pieces, a skeptical look raised in Tony's direction. "Hey, genius, you telling me you didn't notice this thing was a dummy? The trigger has no catch. We were never in any danger."
"Rhodey, no. Jim," Tony had pleaded. "Come on, I wouldn't be alive if it weren't for you. This was bad luck. The exact right angle. Or wrong angle, I guess."
T'Challa's eyes rove over his face for a long moment before he nods. "He has been briefed on your request for his blood and information on the trial. He's waiting now. Tony," T'Challa says, and his hand clenches down. "Be merciful if you can."
"Lang and Barton have already been pardoned for most of their crimes, Lang's parole violation in the United States not withstanding. I was perhaps wondering if the council intended to extend the same courtesy to Maximoff, Wilson, and Rogers? The evidence used in Barton and Lang's cases would apply just as readily in the others'."
"Yeah," Tony answers. "Got a bigger tub out of the whole experience, too." He figures this is as good a moment as any and pulls out the phone. "This is for you, by the way. It's got a number in there you can reach Rogers by. Even managed to get it connected to WiFi, which let me tell you, passwords in Wakandan? Not easy to guess." He places it on the table, sliding it forward a few inches before stopping at the look on Barnes' face. "It's just a phone."
armor. She could've been seriously hurt by a blast like that. What she does wear is a military-grade polymer bodysuit - that
Tony laughed. “Nice to know Will Smith is multi-universal, at least. You’d probably like it, Cap – Bill Paxton, hm, wait, maybe it’s Pullman – anyway, gives this speech at the end? You should take notes.”
." He bursts up to retrieve Donnie and by the time he's back down Spider-Man is free, shaking off clumps of ice.
"How?" T'Challa asks, but there is no judgement. Tony explains, haltingly, about Donnie and the fight and the show, this thing building in the Avengers compound that feels strangely like a family, this thing that he's supposed to support but he has no idea how.
“What Natasha means,” Jan interjected, throwing a glare the other girl’s way. “Is that it doesn’t help. Trust me, we’ve tried.”
How he fit with Steve. Captain America. Tony snorted derisively at himself. God, he had idolized Steve growing up, the young and glorious fallen hero, the boy wonder who had built his own legend. He could never live up to that, he had thought to himself when he was younger, and it was okay then, because he never would need to.
In the set of her shoulders is a lifetime of discrimination. "Who you are has nothing to do with it," Rhodey says quietly. "That's all somebody else's ignorance, Kamala. I'm not going to lie to you and tell you that its easy or fair - people are a lot more comfortable with Tony than they are with say, me or even Natasha even though we're just as good as he is."
Tony swallowed, hand clenched white-knuckled around his glass. "But I stayed still. While they shot you in the street like you were an animal I just laid there. I was probably drunk again. And I would've - I always think that I find the limit. Too far, I say, and I back off and give myself a good old pat on the back for my restraint. But I wished for 'em then, all my pretty weapons. If I'd-a had them - well, I still probably would have been a coward, but maybe you could've used them and saved us like you wanted. You would've known how. You would've done it right."
"Tony-" she says, clambering to her feet. "We can't stay like this forever. This is bigger than all of us, this-" She waves at the cloud, at the row of bodies Vision has brought out. "- is what the Avengers were always meant for. We have to work together."
Vision already got Spider-Man down from the wall, setting him down gently on the ground and helping Peter peel back his suit so they can take a peek. "I told you, kid, I fucking told you," Clint is saying, worry seeping through his voice. When Tony comes skidding to his side, he can see Peter's mechanical eyes dilating back and forth rapidly, meaning the kid inside isn't even tracking. "There's no need to push yourself."
"He'd hijacked a couple of projects before, as Osborn's power was waning in the company. Also, quite frankly, he's an ass." Natasha takes a bite out of the meat with more violence than is warranted at that.
Tony's gauntlet begins to whine as he involuntarily powers up the repulsor. He doesn't need Tiberius Stone telling him how terrifying the Super Soldier Dream Team is, he has an x-ray back home to prove it. Maybe he should do some 'leaking' of his own, show the world exactly what happens to an already fragile ribcage when a vibranium frisbee is shoved into it.
"I see," Wanda says quietly, a tentative smile, a little broken around the edges, coming across her face. "Sergeant Barnes deserves his choices."
Her own mother is in her thoughts now. Poor Hope, half-orphaned by loss, then guilt finishing the job. She still rarely speaks of her father in anything but a professional manner. Tony can empathize; hell, most of them can. Maybe that's how they found each other - maybe that's why they can do this. So often people talk about 'living through' pain, but Tony can't think of it as anything but surviving. And they are all of them a rag-tag of survivors, huddling together for warmth.
Tony swallows, looks down at the spaces between his fingers. "I'd like to," he says. "I don't think you know how much." He wants to stop hating this man. He wants to stop letting anger poison his grief. He wants to do the right thing, he wants to
So my favorite thing about the comments (besides how nice they were thank you all so so much) was everybody being low-key
Tony watches him at the railing for a long time, one hand wrapped around the tumbler of whiskey and one hand half reaching for the panel that would open the sliding doors leading outside. “How long has he been out there, J?” he asks softly.
craftsmanship. Then the day came that I had to face them head on and I finally saw the truth of it. All those bodies...you couldn't even recognize some of those boys. It was too far. So I ran, and then I kept running. Nearly died on some train tracks until a kindly sheriff came and rescued me. And I thought 'Stark, this here's the man you always wished you could be.' I'd-a followed you into the dust, Rogers."
"Of course he's not going to do anything rash," Tony says, stepping forward. "He doesn't want to risk surviving and turning into what we saw back there, now does he?"
He’s also the one that keeps coming back. Anger burns bright in him, but I’d rather have this than the nothing I’ve had for months. He lets me talk, and even when he bites back, aiming to hurt, at least he’s listening.
Tony's mind sort of blanks out for a moment, stunned by everything Bruce is not saying. He finally takes a step back, then another and another until he is back out in the foyer. "You were there, too," he says and he has never sounded so small. "I know I messed up but I wasn't alone."
"I do. I really do," Tony tells her, completely sincere and abruptly already done with this conversation. "But I am not the sole arbiter of the Avengers. We do things by committee now. It's a
"Because they're safe with you," Tony says simply, moving forward to look up at whatever had fascinated T'Challa so. "And I want them to be safe. I told Steve that I didn't want to see him gone and as mad as I am - God, I am furious - that's still true. And Wanda...I think about Wanda's safety a lot. Sam, good guy. Lang's perfectly decent, I'm sure. Barnes has been through enough crap already. I'm not defending them, you already know everything I would say. This is me being selfish, Highness. They were my team. They don't deserve the Raft."
A strange mist bursts one day over the skies of Newark, New Jersey, and the Avengers are called in. It's a shitshow from start to finish, even when Coulson's team shows up to help. "Terrigen!" Agent Johnson tells them helpfully as they escort citizens to quarantine.
Tony is the first to look away, though he immediately regrets it. With nothing to look at he is excruciatingly aware of the fine tremors coursing through his body. He is very scared of Wanda, always has been, but sometimes he lets himself forget that the feeling is mutual.
"Tony," Bruce says. "You are talking about turning James Barnes into a lab experiment. Don't you think he's been through enough?"
His gaze falls on the phone he's cobbled together for Barnes, lying on top of the drawing Steve left behind, the one Tony has been adjusting and improving, over and over.
Today was Tony's eighth birthday, and his wrists were as bare as ever as he worked in the lab, placing pieces of metal together, carefully soldering here, twining wire there. Howard felt his lip curl as he watched; as always when faced with Tony's brilliance, he was torn between pride in his son and anger that the kid didn't even have the decency to be completely useless. If he'd been an idiot, Howard could've left Tony to his own devices a long time ago and happily ignored him. As it was, Howard couldn't stand to see that kind of potential ruined. He could already see in the curve of his little boy's fingers, the crook of his neck, the diligence in his eyes: Tony was going to be smarter than him someday. Tony was going to build the future. Howard still couldn't decide if it was more irresponsible to impede him, or set loose on the world a boy who'd been broken since he'd been born.
T'Challa comes by while on a diplomatic visit and does not say anything when Tony doesn't join in on training with Vision and a reconstructed War Machine. He doesn't have to.
"Ain't nothing cowardly about faith," Bucky agreed easily. He dabbed up the last of the blood and put his handkerchief away. "But people like to talk, Stevie. Sometimes they're fit to talk their mouths right off. Ma says if the world would just let them do that, we'd all be in a lot less trouble." He aimed a pointed look at Steve before carefully reaching under his arms to lift him up off the wall and onto his feet.
The video was up on YouTube for an hour before anyone flagged it, racked up two million views before it was taken down. Pepper's called like eighty times and Tony really needs to get on top of this whole thing but for now he takes another sip of scotch and curls up in his lab.
"Doesn't seem like your kind of place," Luke Cage remarks as he strides into the abandoned packing factory on the high end of Hell's Kitchen.
Size isn't everything, kiddo, haven't you heard? Ms. Khan here is pretty damn tough," Rhodey tells him. "Not your average person that can take a Terrigen bomb to the face and live." It is a profoundly undelicate thing to say, considering what happened to Kamala's family, but over the past few weeks they've learned that Donald doesn't take well to coddling. Bluntness is the way to go.
It stops short when it catches Iron Man right in front of it, repulsors at the ready, and lets loose another laugh. Tony lets his repulsors whine. "Drop him," he commands, and then rolls his eyes at himself at the opening he just left wide open. "Rhodes-"
"Mr. Stark, it's an honor. As a military man, you cannot imagine the appreciation I have for your ingenuity and tech. We lost big when you left the weapons business but you made the right call. What Stane was doing with your company was a disgrace." His speech is all American, his voice set into the familiar cadence of Northern California, but Tony can still detect the trace hints of a Russian accent underneath it all.
Note the first: I don't actually know how Zemo is in the game, but of the few conversations I know of him having, in at least two of them all he does is say "Civil War" and then disappears. Please note this is BEFORE the Civil War event occurs. It is hilarious.
Tony spread his hands. “You need some hard data, you’re looking at it. If he’s anything like me-“ A pause that hung heavily in the air. “He’s not doing it to hurt you.”
"Sounds an awful lot like I'm appealing to the one good bone in your body, Caesar," Tony slings back, grimacing when he realizing the thousand different ways he's now opened the conversation for Tiberius and his fratboy humor.
He rises, heading towards the door. He's ready to go back - to the cold of New York, to the warmth of the compound, to FRIDAY being everywhere, not just a phone. He wants to crawl into bed with Rhodey tonight because the man is a saint who still lets him do that, or maybe spar with Natasha until he's exhausted. Check on Kamala and Donnie and Peter.
"I will see you this coming week. I would like to see this trial," he says, not a snarl but a near thing, and the screen goes black. Tony stares at the dark panel for a very long moment and then it's as if all the fight leaves him in a moment.
"It's fine," Tony cuts him off, suddenly very tired. His chest aches with the tension. "You say you would have fought with Cap, but Steve - he refused to listen. And we can't do that, Bruce, you know we can't. I know I could have done better. He tried to tell me something at the airfield but I was so scared at that point of what was going to happen if I didn't keep us together-"
Bruce finds him sitting at his computer, still fiddling with FRIDAY's codes, beefing up her hacking and security suites as well as a few new upgrades. Silently, he places a bulky folder at Tony's elbow and waits.
And Tony didn't want to worry, not yet, because he hadn't built FRIDAY for anything but piloting the suit and maybe running a household, originally, so she was still learning, but - but maybe something had gotten to her? Maybe something was blocking her commands. Maybe miracles had happened and the Department of Defense had finally hired competent security analysts. "But we're hitting some roadblocks. We - I received intel about the attack in New York that bothered me. The Green Goblin was strong, fast, and mutated," Tony says to the others. "From what we know about HYDRA, it was exactly what they wanted out of Terrigenesis. Oscorp was working on some top secret project for the government, and HYDRA's always had a few fingers in that pie. I just figured - well."
"I'll get right on that." His grim smile seems to make the room uneasy and Tony relaxes into a blank slate. "Thank you for your assistance, Representative Adams. As Barnes is a super, I thought it best to bring this matter first to the people who deal with the Avengers Initiative."
"-born in Hungary, joined HYDRA young, worked your way up the ranks for nearly three decades. May I ask why?"
He shoulders past his father, and with careful hands pieces the brain back together and puts it where it belongs in Barnes' head.
"I would be honored for a protector such as yourself, Ms. Maximoff," T'Challa says charmingly, his tense gaze relaxing a little as he dips her a barely deferential bow. "As for you, Captain, the honor was mine." Steve fights down both the wry grin and the grimace that cross his face. He knows exactly how much tension he put on T'Challa with the mission to Chad and though he doesn't apologize for and doesn't regret doing it, he does feel guilty that he put the man who has taken such good care of them in a precarious position.
designed. Natasha wears something similar. He protected her in the end but to Tony, all that matters is what could have happened to her while she was wearing what
He enters the room quietly, tray carefully balanced on one hand as he carefully shuts the door with the other, and when he turns Madame Hydra is regarding him with amusement in her eyes.
"Boarding school?" he breathed, eyebrows climbing his forehead. "Are you sure, Howie? You've kept that boy locked up in here for eight years. Has he ever even talked to someone his own age-"
Tony bristled. "That's rich coming from the guy who volunteered for an experimental serum on the off chance it might make him a super soldier."
Steve is going to break the damn television. They had been waiting anxiously for the results of Clint's trial, and Steve couldn't deny the relief he felt that there would be no journeys back to the Raft even if it burned him to hear that Clint would be placed under house arrest. The response hadn't precisely been pretty and experts were already predicting some friction with the Accords, but Steve had to trust that Clint would be safe for now.
He exhales shakily and then pulls his game face on, acutely aware of the cameras. A shot of him and T'Challa will probably go for a couple of thousand to the highest bidding newspaper. He lifts his eyes to the king and grips the bicep of his outstretched arm. "Sorry, I didn't mean to - I'm glad you're here, by the way."
Tony looked down at himself and, very slowly, lifted a hand to rest over his heart. He pulled a bit at the scrubs and the neckline dipped low, revealing the top of a spiderweb of scars and the curve of a truly hideous bruise. No, Steve thought dimly, horrified. He had seen his Tony’s chest; everyone had, it’s not like the teen was shy. It didn’t look like that, it was clear and smooth except for the reactor-
"Apropos of nothing," Tony says. Hope glares at him and he concedes. "Yeah. Scott's kid. She's sent a letter or twelve. Smart kid."
The other box would be going to the next pair. "For my brother in science and the most terrifying light of my life," he says to Bruce and Natasha, and he holds up an entire key ring. "Pick a set, any set. Unless - Rhodes, buddy, you calling a pair?"
"Sorry," he says, and with tact that surprises him she doesn't mention the way his voice cracks. "I just considered taking my own advice."
"I have evidence of what HYDRA did. Physical, testimonial. I can and will do this without you, because if I can win-"
. He scrolls up quickly to the start of the conversation chain, feeling the burn of Natasha's gaze upon him. "Using the number I gave you. Smart. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, it's what I gave it to you for."
they were thrown in. Ross is on thin ice, Bruce. You come with me, you not only save this girl's life, but you can help make sure at least one person like me doesn't happen to any more people like you." Tony spreads his arms and smiles self-deprecatingly, taking no joy in the way Bruce suddenly can't meet his eyes. He reaches forward and taps at his phone. "This is my
"Thanks, Tony." Peter cannot contain himself; he throws his arms around Tony and squeezes tight. Tony doesn't return the hug but his eyes are still closed when Peter pulls away.
“Can do, boss man,” Tony says on a laugh. “Poor planning on my part, I’ll admit it.” He pulls away, looks up at Steve. “Sorry,” he murmurs, and at first Steve thinks he means for today, but then Tony’s lips are on his, pressing gently, and everything flies away.
it's irrational, but I still feel it. Because it's Tony." And Steve starts laughing, so hard it feels like it cracks something inside him. "And I don't know if you know this, but its a lot easier to blame someone else than yourself."
The spy shook her head. “Two weeks ago. They ate an entire lunch together. Fighting didn’t break out until they were inside the Timeless Archives. That was forty eight minutes and eighteen seconds. Today was-“ She checked her watch. “Thirty nine minutes and two seconds.”
It's a mistake destroying Steve's gesture of goodwill, Tony thinks, even as he takes an unholy amount of glee smashing that stupid phone to bits down in his lab and DUM-E waits eagerly with a fire extinguisher for the last of the letter to burn down. But it's a mistake Tony is happy to make.
Tony is well acquainted with causing damage. So far the world has been gracious enough to let him at least try to repent for it. He won't let Steve fix what's broken inside of him, but he can't deny Steve the right to the same chances he was given himself.
"Ours, and Rhodes, and Romanov's, and anyone who's listened to you speak about anything you love," Hope sasses, a little smirk on her lips at the idea of puzzling someone out, however small the puzzle was. "Speaking of-" she points at her tablet. "Kamala's battle report is in. She didn't say it, but she's dying for feedback from any Avenger that was there. Take a look." It's not a request, not that Tony would ignore it if it were. "Nothing from Spider Man on the servers yet, but I figured...with what happened to the Green Goblin..."
"These are very dangerous times, Captain, and putting all my eggs into one basket, especially a basket as volatile as you or Stark, would not be in anyone's best interest." Fury shakes his head and for one brief moment he looks incredibly sad, but it flickers away so fast Steve thinks he might have imagined it. "HYDRA isn't as careful as they used to be, Rogers. They're acting like they've got nothing left to lose, now. I've seen what Terrigenesis can do when it succeeds. They're trying to build an army out of it and as soon as they figure out the formula, they'll have it. We have to stop them before that happens."
“Then it would have been in good cause. I won’t regret it.” Tony grabbed Steven’s hand and pressing it to his chest. “Feel me, Steven. Feel me breathe. Feel my heart beat. Come now, would I leave you so easily?”
. Excuse me for trying to stop it before it gets that bad." Tony's face was red, his hands clenched tight. "And for your information, Captain, I
Which should be any time in the next few days. They're weaning her off the drugs as they speak. Kamala isn't fixed, might not ever be fixed, but she's fought this far. Tony has no doubt she'll keep fighting once she gets her feet underneath her again.
Ultron had not been overly concerned about the lack of either, Tony remembers. Ultron had exulted in it, its otherness, its superiority. It thought humanity was a plagued to be cut down and controlled.
Until Tony's big guns arrive, care of Kamala is split between him and Vision as they try to figure out a way to stabilize her. Natasha has been, in her own way, worried about their orphaned guest, letting the two of them work away in the lab while all missions are handled between herself, Rhodey, and an accommodating T'Challa, who dropped by once for a few hours and fell seamlessly into place between Vision and Tony before leaving again with the promise of Wakandan aid. Peter Parker has also been a godsend, occupying Donald Gill's time when Tony can't be with him, helping him shake off the vestiges of the Asset state whenever Donnie fails a trigger.
If we could equip those to our satellites with an early detection system, something like this wouldn't have even happened. And the Chitauri weapons, adapted to ours?
"Calm down," he repeats, listening to his even breathing, his steady heartbeat, the quiet building in his head. "Calm down."
"His evil must be stopped," she says flatly, and Tony gives into his laugh as he turns back to his computer, typing in the rest of his notes in his ever growing Osborn file.
Tony snorts. "Yeah, I read his file. A modern day Robin Hood, right?" Hope's pretty face screws up in an ugly sneer and Tony puts his hands up. "I'm not saying I won't help, alright? I'm saying it'll take some doing. And in the meantime-"
"No biggie," Tony slings back. "You ready to head back into the city? I've got to take Kamala and Aamir out to Newark anyway." Kamala's powers still aren't stable enough to be out in public all the time, especially with the power inhibitor giving her migraines and sore muscles. Kamala's already erratic moods took a nosedive when Aamir and Tony began discussing homeschooling so for now Aamir's worked out an agreement with her teachers that she'll do her work at home until she's 'recovered.'
"Maybe I'm just mad at myself for not figuring it out sooner," Tony snaps. Coulson's passive face finally shows a flicker of emotion as he looks to the ground to cover a grimace.
The man went quiet, and for the first time Steve took in his appearance. Old-fashioned, pants high and rough-spun and a shirt that looked like it had once been a great friend of starch but was now grimy with grease. An unbuttoned black silk vest that had seen better days. Creased, sturdy boots with beaten laces. An empty holster on one hip and an empty flash on the other. A supple leather tool-belt. And a soft-looking, drooping moustache on the visible half of the man's tan face. He looked like he'd fallen out of an old Western serial and Steve dimly hoped that they weren't dealing with an invasion of cowboys on top of the aliens.
"I don't know. We've been trying to figure that out. I've been following other leads, but they're all long-shots, coincidences, chases of the waterfowl variety. I've got my best girl on it-" he says, pitching his voice louder and jerking his hand so that a holographic screen pops up in front of his face. With a touch of his finger, the formula for Terrigenesis appears on screen. Tony's practically memorized it now. "Fry?"
"Yeah. My dad," Bruce grimaces, stops. "Well, the lack of control or any sustainable social life isn't the only reason I hate turning into a giant being fueled by rage."
She eyes him as if she's thinking of taking that literally and then she sighs. "There's good and bad in the world, Stark, but the 'right thing?' That's all relative. All we can do is fight for what we believe and hope that it's good enough. The Accords aren't easy and they aren't perfect, but we're all here because we believe that they're better than what we had before. This is the right thing, for me and for you and everybody on this team. This isn't just about you, so don't think for a second that I'd be here if you were doing this all out of spite. What, do you think the rest of us are sticking around because of your magnetic personality?"
"It's not as if I would enjoy it," Bruce says the next morning, looking as if he hasn't slept. "Asking for - for something like that. Promise me that if you see him, you won't just take it, Tony."
"Well, Sharon's just as smart and badass as you are. And he's got her completely snowed. I don't like any of it."
You know what you're looking for?" It's a dumb question, he knows it even as it spills out of his mouth, but he guesses he needs the reassurance.
"Could the current version of the Terrigen mists be coming from her blood?" Hope asks. "If she survived, she's Patient Zero."
The words sink in, and they’re not the surprise Tony expected them to be. It was never love that was the problem between them, and love is not what needs fixing. “I love you, too.”
Tony gathers up his papers, slides the phone closer to Barnes, and after a moment's consideration drags it back, opening up the contacts screen and thumbing in a new number. "Now you've got me as well," he says, and reaches out with it across the small table to Barnes.
Just as he feet turned back to the quad, the door behind him slid open with a hiss, and James Rhodes spilled out onto the night. He was wearing his rudimentary skeleton armor he wore around campus sometimes on his off days, his giant shoulder gun freshly gleaming on its perch. Upgrades no doubt, and Tony was likely inside rehauling the War Machine.
Tony struggles to his feet and doesn't bother to hide how he wipes at his face before turning towards Peter, standing there with his backpack still on and a camera around his neck. "Pepper, I've got it from here."
Rhodey adjusts his legs by hand, probably just to have something to do with them. "And as I was saying to Captain Danvers, my place is with the Avengers now." His voice sounds firm but Tony can't miss the spark of longing in his eyes. Rhodey's a military man through and through, always happy to serve, happy with his men and his rank and the lifestyle. And Tony took it all away from him.
"Good," T'Challa echoes, rising from his chair. "I have business in California that I must see to. I will return in five days to prepare for the mission." Tony gives him a grin and a wave and turns the chair with his feet so he can watch him leave. T'Challa hesitates at the door, turning back. "You could come to Wakanda yourself sometime, Tony. I promise the Dora will not eat you."
“You got your mark.” She pulled back again, so she could look him in the eye. “You’re just five, and you already got your mark. Do you know what that means, sweetheart? They say you can’t know your soulmate until you know yourself, but you already knew who you are, Steve. Didn't you? My brave strong boy.”
"Canada's basically given us a free pass as long as we work with the police. You'll be bagging and tagging, kid." Tony points threateningly. "Don't pull a Germany this time. When I say keep your distance, you keep your distance. I'm serious, Spidey."
“Tony?” he breathed, because it was impossible, either way. It couldn’t be Tony – this man had to be in his forties, and he was certainly shorter than Steve’s own Tony, not to mention he had no arc reactor. But it had to be Tony – that ridiculous hair, that innate swagger,
forgiveness is only a band-aid on the entrance wound. The real bleed is deeper, struck decades ago and left to rot. That part, like so much of this, is up to Barnes. But he can help, where he can.
Sam threw a worried glance to the other side of the quad. Steve and Tony were standing so close he had the momentary, if nonsensical thought, that they might pass out from inhaling each other’s carbon dioxide. “And…too late?”
"So, here's the deal," Tony tells Coulson. "You take the man, I'll take the bomb, we both send our findings to Canada HQ. Sounds like a plan? And before you say no, remember that I have never secretly been HYDRA."
"Your teammates were quite ready to depart, I believe," he tells Tony. "Everything went well, I assume?"
The horrible truth is that this isn't what he wants. He doesn't want Barnes pardoned and he doesn't want him to get a normal life. He sat down and read through the reports, the precision and clinical coldness of decades of HYDRA scientists and handlers as they documented how best to break this man and bend him to their will. He was a puppet, a living weapon, and he
They stop there that day, Barnes beginning to shake and shiver enough that one of the icily calm Wakandan scientists comes to collect him. That night, Tony goes out wandering the Wakandan streets alone, buying a cheap knock off smart phone from one of the vendors lining the thoroughfares that shoot of the main street. He dismantles it when he returns to his room, fiddling with the software, the location tech in particular before making some adjustments to the tiny chip that controls the connection to the service provider. When he puts it back together and boots it up, he and FRIDAY work on configuring the modified phone to Stark's most private access channels, the one only a few have access to.
Fury nods, apparently satisfied. "Agent Romanov, Agent Barton. Glad we're not having this conversation through steel bars. Vision." Clint and Vision murmur greetings but Natasha doesn't speak. She hasn't even moved from her place directly beside Tony's chair. Tony really, really loves Natasha Romanov right now.
"I don't see why he would leave," T'Challa replies, and for a split second a shadow crosses his face before his eyes refocus. "Despite what you may think, he is a good leader. He won't leave his team."
Hope and Natasha are already waiting for them, the former raising an eyebrow at Tony's position on Rhodey's lap, the latter not even fazed. Clint's there, too, seated a bit away from everyone else. "Joining the party, Birdbrain?" Tony asks, careful to keep it light.
Tony takes a step closer. "I know you want to be alone, to do this alone. You've got some crusade; don't look at me like that, we all do. It's the rare man that becomes a hero just for the sake of doing good-"
Rhodey hadn't even looked up. "I have tried so hard to keep you safe," he whispered. "But I guess I don't know how."
And he will do this anyway, all of it, because every bad thing he wants for Barnes, Barnes has already known, and then known worse. There is nothing Tony can do to him, no vengeance he can exact that will surpass what he's already been through. Steve could argue until he was blue in the face that it was HYDRA and Bucky was innocent and Steve would be right, but that would not and could not change the fact that Barnes was the one who did it.
"Now, on to important things! Brucie, my love, you said you had an idea?" Tony claps his hands and Bruce starts abruptly before nodding and scurrying over to his computer. When he kills the screensaver Donald Gill's brain scans are waiting, with Bruce's scribbles over every free space left.
Steve rolled his eyes and it was almost fond. “Raise the faceplate already.” Cautiously, Tony obeyed, and when his eyes met Steve’s it was like the dawn had broken all over again. “Thank you, Tony.”
This is the poem Steve quotes and it is one of my absolute favorites: http://www.potw.org/archive/potw351.html
Laura nods. "Nat just wanted to bring him home. I'm grateful, I - I thought I might never see him again and Clint, his dad left him, and it must have killed him, hiding out, thinking he was doing the same thing to this family. We have a chance now. We can move forward. We can fix this."
"Do you always get into such trouble when I'm gone?" T'Challa asks, reaching out to flick Tony's collar up against the wind. Tony resists the urge to bite his fingertips in retaliation. "I saw the battle. It was well done."
"I knew it," he breathes, facing T'Challa. "Do you get it now? This is my father's work, he must have based it off of Barnes' serum because it was the only source left, and I have to be sure-"
I am not asking for your permission. That would be insulting to every one of us. I am asking you who knows him best what Barnes would want.
"Oh, God, you're gonna make me sappy," Tony whines as he plops down on the couch and burrows his shoulder into Rhodey's. "I always need you. I'm a needy person. I need Pepper, too, but please note this is me, needing her from several miles away. I won't spontaneously collapse if you're gone for a few days."
There is a weight suddenly to his left and he flinches before a flash of Natasha's red hair catches at the edge of his vision. He turns off his tablet to give her his full attention.
like that song but he clapped a hand over his mouth nonetheless. "Sorry," he muttered. "But we're under attack right now and I've had my fill of aliens tonight."
She can't hurt him. It's not in her code, and she can't develop logical overrides like JARVIS or Ultron could. But she's not his prisoner or his slave, she's his kid and his partner and Tony loves her. "FRIDAY, what do you think of this?" he tries.
. They were not good enough for Tony, not now, maybe not ever. And that was something neither Steve nor Tony could fix. And until Tony got over it - if Tony ever got over it
.  The old Avengers didn't start really functioning until about two years after our creation, and it still wasn't perfect. You're both incredibly smart, but you don't know tactics or teamwork. If I'm taking over training, the first thing I want you two to do is take the comms for the next few missions, watch the field footage, and see how it works."
“Why would you think she wouldn’t do the same?” I continue quietly. Tony gapes at me, thunderstruck by such a simple question, turning the question this way and that in his mind. This is the thing that Tony has never understood: that anyone could ever forgive him. That anyone could feel the same way about him as he does them. The only exception, as near as I can tell, has been Maria Stark.
"So why are you here, then, Hope?" he asks instead. "Just to sacrifice your suit and your life on the altar of Ant-Man? And here I thought you'd have done enough of that in your life, or are you and Daddy Dearest finally getting along?"
"You are paranoid," Natasha says, not unkindly. Almost fond, actually. "And I'll check it out as soon as I can. I know it feels like Osborn died on our watch."
"Siberia," Vision surmises succinctly. Tony nods. "I am so sorry for your loss, Tony." He blinks, not expecting that of all things to come out of Vision's mouth, but the synthezoid is deadly serious and it-
Tony's jaw clenches tight. The panthers aren't what scares him about Wakanda and they both know it. "Thanks for the offer, Your Highness, but I think I'll pass."
“I don’t think I have one of those,” Tony said, and no voice modulator could fix the laughter in his voice. He reached up, tapped the arc reactor twice, and tilted his head to listen to the metallic sound. “Nope. Tony Stark is fueled by pure
, dear. James Buchananan Barnes.” She traced each name as she read it to him, and watched her son’s face light up with joy.
would he create a super soldier serum, except he was fucking obsessed with Steve Rogers. FRIDAY, why didn't you catch this?" Tony whirls around to view the lab at large.
He has never wished for Steve Rogers more than at this moment. Steve might not have supported the Accords, he maybe never will, but Godammit when the man drew lines in the sand, he stuck to it. Plus, if anyone could shame a senator or representative into remembering the spirit of fairness and righteousness it would be him.
"What are you going to do, Antony?" Tiberius was so patient, a cat with a mouse, and Tony could feel himself falling into a trap but he just couldn't stop.
. I can’t explain what that really means. I lost everything from before. But I suddenly had you. And I would have done anything to keep you. I was - I was the one that was scared, Tony.”
"Hey," Sam says at the doorway. Steve turns to him. "Every good team needs a name. You should start thinking of one."
"Uh," Tony says, and Gwen's eyes turn sharp exactly the way Pepper's do when he's done something fond and exhausting. "Of course not. That would be rude."
“To your speedy recovery,” Steve says into his ear before dropping a kiss right above it, and Tony stares at the armor and does not cry.
"Yeah, man," Donald agrees. "You've got a built-in theme song. I'm Blizzard. I'm a Dairy Queen treat."
"What do you need, Bliz?" Tony slurs, and Donnie turns back around slowly. In his hands is the neural band Tony fashioned for him to take on BARF.
"It's so much more fun when they argue. Mortals always squabble with such vigor over such trifles," the Enchantress said with disdain, as if she didn't try to curse Janet not three days ago for daring to tell Amora that she'd put her eyeliner on crooked. "Even the Captain and Iron Man are getting along now! Did you see the portraits that Stark made for him for Class President?
"Flatterer," Tony dismisses with a coy look through his eyelashes that earns him one twitch of Vision's lips. "I should be up there, getting things sorted. What time did Panther take off last night?"
transparent, so instead he just sends some files to the agent and tells her she would know when to pass them on.
"Iron Man has not been in action for many weeks," Vision consoles him. "He will be, ironically, rusty." That gets a laugh out of Peter and Rhodey. Tony's not entirely sure the synthezoid understands irony yet.
Malik said Terrigenesis is unstable, but perfect. Tony thinks it's simply out of control. HYDRA has created something out of a thousand broken pieces of other failed science experiments and none of them are smart enough to piece it back together. So they're experimenting on innocent civilians. Making the entire world their lab rat.
Steve tries to say, but he can't get it out. Because being that man is exhausting. Captain America, man out of time, always missing people and losing time and fighting everyday relentlessly, always living up to an impossible image.. Captain America should have died in 1945 but Steve Rogers just keeps on surviving, carrying the mantle of a corpse.
Back in the room, the man is still babbling. "You don't meet the doctor. The doctor finds you. He finds all those who need his help, like he found me. He has been sent to us, from the glow, from beyond, to cleanse us all, to make us ready."
"You've seen the video, Nick," Tony says venomously. "But I'm guessing it wasn't anything you didn't already know."
"What's going to happen to him?" Laura asks quietly. Her kids are playing on the spot where Thor called the Bifrost down just outside the window.
"-what does it say?" he says, without missing a beat, ripping the band-aid off. Bruce flips the file open, then flips again, and again. Analyses, one right after the other, data points overlaid and retested. Some of them even match. Tony doesn't breathe.
"The same thing we all want," the man says, eyes narrowing. "The world's not going to survive working at half-strength. There's only so much Tony Stark and his group can do, especially with the Accords holding them back. We need Captain America. We need you."
Between the Avengers and the Guardians, a rough plan was sketched out for the next wave of the attack, pairing fliers with ground fighters to launch pronged attacks against the increased number of Chitauri fighters they expected and sending in a team to rescue Yondu, Quill's captured mentor, in hopes that the Ravagers would come to the Academy's aid once their leader was free. Meanwhile, Rocket and Groot planned to visit the Conservatory to search for survivor's from Ronan's attack as soon as the
"Well, I'm willing to bet there's something in there I can sue you for. Don't ask me what, that's why I have lawyers, and they're good, Stone."
“So dramatic,” Steve huffs, but he releases his death grip on the railing and they sit, legs through the slots as they look out at the city, still looking at building. “It was an insurance company in my day.”
There is a terrible noise and Steve realizes it came from Scott. The man has a sheet of paper in one trembling hand, the other clapped over his mouth. "Scott? What is it?" Wanda asks. She steps forward and picks up the envelope he has dropped and her face goes a little pale before she crosses to hand it to Steve.
He caught and held those dark brown eyes for a moment, unintentionally looking for coldness and basking in the life he found instead. Tony looked a bit petrified, honestly, but there was no hint of contempt or hatred.
"Hey, I locked down the labs, I know what I'm doing," Donnie insists angrily. "I didn't put anybody in danger. Besides, I watched that MIT thing, you went under alone-"
"I'm good. Have a - I mean, you look nervous. Have a good night, I guess?" Donnie shrugs with a lost look that makes Tony's face split between a grin and grimace.
That finally gets her to look at him. "You've been talking at me for the last half hour about how shit happens and you have to cope and its the most hypocritical bullshit I've ever heard. You're not
"Alright. You good for today, Blizzard?" Donnie's had a really good day today, which means he'll probably have a really bad night. Tony reminds himself to let someone know before leaves so someone can wake the kid up when he starts screaming. He wishes he trusted Donald enough to let him spend the night at the Parker's but he can't, not with those HYDRA triggers in his head and not even when they're gone.
Things you need to know: Early writing in AvAc was WEIRD and missed the mark a lot. This was mostly fixed AFTER the CW event. AvAc Steve before CW really does seem to think that Tony's reliance on his bots and his tech makes him lazy and less accomplished (note: AvAc Tony kinda encourages this because he's a bit of a jerk). This is odd because most Steves don't tend to have that problem with Tony. So I tried to examine that and ended up kinda doing a weird hyper-combo of A) The AoU Steve/Tony fight and B) The 616 Extremis Steve/Tony fight.
. Or I would have been. The Avengers are my team. I told Steve we would work on the Accords, but he didn't listen. I told him we would get you psychiatric help, but
“Well, I am dying, so points for observation, Cap,” the other Tony said quietly. “My heart isn’t what it used to be.” He laughed then, bitter, a joke Steve didn’t want to understand. “They put me under for the surgery and I woke up here. But this isn’t that kind of pain. More like a pull.” He turned towards the Time Fog, watching the mist swirl. “Maybe it didn’t work. Maybe I died and this is my brain cells throwing a last hoorah. I’ve always been so creative; maybe it’s a dream after all, even you. Maybe I wanted to see a Steve I didn’t have to hate anymore.”
Tony drops down, finding Captain Stacy waiting for him on the ground. "Gwen!" he shouts, taking the girl out of Tony's arms. "Is she alright? Oh God, thank you, thank you!" Tony doesn't stay for it, blasting to the roof.
"We thought-" Steve inhales sharply. "I thought they would stand by the Accords. They wouldn't be able to help us in time and worst case, they would tell Ross what was happening." And then Tony came to Siberia to help Steve. "I got it wrong. I wasn't thinking straight. Peggy was gone and Bucky was slipping through my fingers and I couldn't trust-"
"Food for the invalid prisoner," she drawls. Her odd, green-tinted hair is limp where it has fanned out against the bed. It is the only source of the color in the room, the delineation between her and her white sheets and pillows. "Is this Captain America's version of a bargain?"
But Tony does. He knows. His father had always been so desperate for Steve to come back. Because Steve was good and kind and the best man he'd ever known, and because Howard had
Steve didn’t know why that hurt, that this Tony couldn’t stand his Steve. He didn’t always like his Tony, himself, but…but they were friends, in their own way. There was nothing friendly in this Tony’s gaze as he looked upon Steve and saw another man. Another him. Maybe that’s what hurt. To see such coldness in the same eyes he saw every single day, shining up at him – sometimes with laughter, more often than Steve liked with wrath, but always something, never blank and icy and dead – it was like something had been stolen from him.
"We don't get to decide what the Avengers are like to other people," Tony snaps back. "We don't get to be above it all, we don't get to pat sovereign states on the head and send them off to take a nap because we know better than they do. Wanda killed twenty people in Lagos, Bruce. Do you know how many we hurt in Johannesburg? Do you know how many Sokovians died because of Ultron? And that was all things that we Avengers did by accident. Do you not see how terrifying we are?"
Rhodes' face pulled an odd sort of grin-grimace when he saw Steve, and he straightened up into a salute. "Captain."
“Well, you do bring out the best in me, Captain.” It was not the teasing riposte it might have been from his own Tony. “You got a Natasha? A Sam? They’ve always liked you. Everyone likes you. Everyone wants to be your friend. Even Mini-me, who, just looking around, has built about half this campus, is Iron Man, probably works at Stark Whatever, and is apparently still taking time out of his day to try and help you out.”
"Yeah, that's not what the screaming people I saved from the burning building said," Rhodey says dryly. "You want me to take him down? Your suit's sparking, Tony."
"I think I know my body better than you do," Spider-Man snaps back, a little blearily. "Tony," he whines when Tony crouches down beside him. Natasha is already coming back from the corner where she's retrieved one of Bruce's neat portable scanners. "Tony, I swear I'm fine, it was just a twinge."
"Germany not pleased?" Fury guesses mildly and Tony suppresses his groan while Rhodey doesn't. That seems answer enough for Fury as he sits back in his chair and contemplates the group in front of him, from Rhodey all the way across to Tony, where his gaze stays. "And after Leipzig?"
“On top of the old,” Tony grouses, and Steve slings an arm around him to drag him close, pressing a kiss to his temple.
Rhodey's hand is cool on the back of his neck and Tony chokes on his next inhale, doubling over. Sharon is nowhere to be found, even though they had just been speaking.
Things are very quiet for a long moment, neither looking away, then Barnes nods. "Yeah, that's what I thought."
It's bizarre for Tony, who's entire childhood was informed by what Captain America would do - what Howard said Captain America would do, at least - to contemplate the man not being good enough in any aspect, but as Rhodey laid it out so calmly and sure, a cold certainty came over him. No, he knew Steve's reasons. He understood, he wasn't stupid, and Steve's reasons
Clint picks up the slack, looking at Kamala. "I know you haven't signed, but if you did I'd like you to consider the same. The fact of the matter is, you two are crazy powerful but you're not trained to be on a team. That takes
Natasha smiles, continuing the thread of the conversation, and the two chat about nothing while Tony stares out the window as the greater landmass of mainland Europe comes into view. He tries to line it all up in his head, the information on Barnes and how best to present it to the council before they take it to the courts, but its all jumbled up in his head.
The other man looks down at his hands, unleashing the claws and immediately retracting them. "You are welcome. I will take what you have said into consideration. Things cannot go on as they have, but perhaps I can give Captain Rogers a choice."
For a moment, it feels like putting on a costume, like it used to whenever the Army would trot him out in front of the troops. Captain America seems so unreal, so unreachable. He thinks,
his Tony didn't think anything like this. Because, selfishly, that meant that all this time Tony had been buckling under the weight of the world, and Steve had never seen.
So raise your hand if your currently harboring fugitives that may have just violated the express wishes of sovereign state. Oh, hello, T'Challa.
"What's the matter, Stark? Truth a bitter pill to swallow, huh. It's hard to do your job when your hands are tied, isn't it? God, who could have predicted that?" Clint adopts a mock puzzled look and Tony stares resolutely at the controls even though his hands are shaking too badly to take over auto-pilot from FRIDAY.
Tony rests against the wall, eyes sliding closed. "Do you know what I see? Do you know what I hear?"
Bruce stares at the photo for a very long time. "Ultron killed him, Tony," he corrects softly, taking the phone from Tony's hand and holding it close to his face.
He moves his finger away, tucks the phone inside his pocket again. T'Challa is back within the minute, and with one grave nod they are off to the helicopter.
Back at the compound, Donald has successfully made it through one trigger word but not the other, sleeping off the Asset state in one part of the lab while their new guest occupies the other.
Keep moving, his mind tells him, while Sam tells him to wait. Wait, his body begs, while Tandy tells him to move. Steve just wants to go home.
"Oh." Steve's face fell, shoulder slumping. Were he and Tony really that bad? He knew they had their disagreements, but he thought they'd been getting better.
When they touch down, T'Challa brings him into the same little lobby from the first time here and once again bids Tony to wait. It's quiet this time of night, everything shut down so that all that is left is the subtle hum of the machinery powering the building. It's why Tony can hear the footsteps coming down the hall before they enter the room, why he can hear when they stop abruptly. He turns with a strained smile. "Well that didn't take very-"
The objects clatter to the ground and Wanda's whole body dulls as she slumps into the couch. Her eyes catch on the blank TV like she can see still Tony on the screen. "I am not sorry I followed you, Steve. You're a good leader and you did, in the end, stop Zemo. But...how a thing is done is just as important as doing it. We fought against our friends, we lied to our friends, and they did the same to us. I think that - causality and catastrophe. We make our own demons. We've made our friends into monsters, or maybe they made us. I don't know which is more frightening."
Natasha's eyes soften imperceptibly and she lowers her gaze once more, reads the fine print. Raises the pen and puts her name to paper before sliding the document over to Tony. Rhodey claps his hands once, says "Alright, we're in business!" while Peter gives a whoop from the ceiling and Vision works his face into a smile.
They did. The team is safe, the city is saved. Even Bucky, wherever he is, is most likely safe. It’s been a good day, he should be relieved. But all he can think about is how unfocused Tony’s eyes went, how Tony never looks like that. He wants to
But it only pulled tighter and tighter, dragging him in. Tony opened his mouth, maybe to scream for help, when-
Tony sucks in a sharp breath that makes his already aching chest sting. "Goddammit," he curses, because they both know T'Challa's a liar, that Tony hasn't. He still has so much more to do, so much more to say. "I want to see him before I go. Barnes."
That is Pepper's voice, and his mother's, and Steve's. Tony is eight and twenty-one and forty and forty-six. His pulse beats like a hummingbird at his neck and he can hear the thrum of it all through the bunker. Tony is eight, trying to keep his hero Bucky Barnes calm. Tony is twenty-one, and Bucky's cries cannot be heard over his own. Tony is forty and locked up tight in his suit, cannot help. Tony is forty-six and shoves his fist through Bucky's heart.
He let his hand drop to his side and watched until the mist settled again, then he took a step back and breathed. Went over to his shield, dropped somewhere along the way, and swung it onto his back.
Clint comes to in the middle of the Avengers' scheduled debrief and between his mouth and the constant pinging of alerts through both his helmet and War Machine's Tony is impressed he hasn't strangled anyone.
"You can see why I prefer Madame Hydra, yes? Much less of a mouthful," she interjects, smiling as she idly breaks the tongs off her plastic fork, leaving sharp jagged edges behind. Steve doesn't avert his eyes from hers, doesn't give in to the unspoken threat.
"And how many times did you practice that in a mirror?" Her laughter is like tiny bells and Cloak looks over, distracted for a moment, until Diamondback drives a shuriken through his shoulder.
Tony swallows. His face feels very hot. "Are you planning to use your gifts in a crime-fighting fashion?"
Rhodey, by way of answer, ushers Tony to the main floor. T'Challa is standing in front of the large TV, still wearing his suit and mask and refusing to answer any of FRIDAY's queries. Rhodey takes a seat with a sigh of relief and watches the pair closely as Tony sidles up to the royal. "Highness? You gonna unmask anytime soon? I mean, I know all about chafing - leather pants, never again - but it probably feels ten times worse when it's your face."
His phone buzzes in his pocket but Tony ignores it, folding up the paper carefully. "You haven't shown this to anyone? Gwen hasn't shown this to anyone?" Peter shakes his head to both questions and Tony relaxes minutely, stowing the paper in his pocket and pulling out his buzzing phone, clicking a button to silence it without looking down. "Good. Keep it quiet, okay? Whatever Osborn was up, it wasn't good. It's best if you just leave it alone."
When they do, Tony sighs. "Well, I'll get right on that, Panther King. In the meantime, this thing with Lang - just let him know his options, okay? I have some things that belong to him that he needs to see. You seem big on choices but I'm pretty sure Team Cap over there doesn't know all of theirs."
Tony knows Clint is looking at him but he lets Vision take the lead again. "As I said, Agent Barton, the orders were for Sergeant Barnes, who with the help of Steve Rogers and the Falcon had just destroyed a substantial portion of a Berlin pass."
Barnes is brought in it'll be clear that he was just as much a victim of HYDRA as anyone else, but he doesn't. He can't. His silence scalds his throat dry.
His eyes meet Tony's again, he finally realizes he's clenching his fist and relaxes it, and he is fighting
It's meant to be a shout, a question, something other than the breathless exhale it is, but Steve hadn't realized until this precise moment that there was a large part of him that had never expected to hear his best friend's voice ever again. His knees go weak and he's going
"Always cheerful," she stresses again. "But sensible. I have to be. Along with all the brooding, Tyrone took the rashness and recklessness. He leaves all the good qualities to me." The last part is said in a loud, carrying voice, and Cloak grimaces at her while Rachel's laughter comes from high above. Steve cannot spot where she's lurking in the rafters or how she got up there, but just last week she scaled a sheer wall using her darts and steel-tipped boots. "Look, you know Fury. If he could keep all of us under lock and key and only let us out when he wanted to use us, he would. The Accords must be driving him nuts. Imagine - superheroes answering to the United Nations, of all things!
He moves into position so T'Challa can catapult off his shoulders at the line of snipers up near the roof. The factory is laid out oddly, no floor, just single, enormous rooms filled with equipment. There is a scary green vat bubbling away in the corner that wouldn't look out of place in a Batman cartoon and empty bomb shells ready to be cased. Tony takes great joy in blasting those apart.
"And just look at this. So, Quill's been telling me about a planet of symbiote lifeforms that can bond with anyone and make them ten times stronger-"
T'Challa doesn't ask who he's talking about, just simply takes the Accords in his hands and looks down at the little drawing that Steve has sketched in the space between the symbols for the Accords, the Avengers Initiative, and the UN. It's the world, the North and South America, Europe and Africa shaded dark, with a circle around it. Equidistance apart in the circle are six little breaks, miniature circles, each containing different symbols. Steve's star, Natasha's hourglass, Clint's bow, Bruce's sardonic radioactive hazard sign, Thor's hammer, and Tony's old arc reactor.
, his mind whispered) him die. Surely they had started out as bright and cheerful and maddening as his own Tony. Something, something horrible, had made them- "Change."
Tony waves a hand dismissively. "Let's just say 'indisposed.' It's what the press always goes with." Then his brain catches up with what's just been said. "Received intel from-"
"I do not," Vision says, immeasurably sad. "I do not know if that's good or bad. I know that all I would dream of would be her."
"I don't know where he is," he lies one more time. Hope's eyes more give the indication of rolling than performing the act itself but it still makes him grimace. "We got Clint because he wandered into a warzone like an idiot and got himself captured by the Black Widow."
"Now that he knows about it, though, now that he knows it's the only thing that can help him," he continues to the window. "I won't withdraw it if he decides to stay hidden - I'll hand it over to you. It's patented to hell and back and besides, I can trust you. Probably."
"Kitty," he gets out in something that supposed to be teasing but simply comes out exhausting. The paramedic's eyebrows climb obscenely high but T'Challa appears unfazed and the other man wisely backs out of the conversation. "I didn't expect to see you here."
“Hey,” Sam protested, proud of himself when his voice only cracked a little. “Its not like Tony’s much better. Do you know how many punching bags Steve breaks after a go-round with Stark? Bloody knuckles, Natasha!”
"Feels like fixing it, doesn't it?" Tony says, and Bruce, after a moment, nods slowly. "Dad wasn't a monster, but still, it feels good, that we can make something good out of his mistakes."
tickets went to friends, coworkers, the Jarvises, even Obie (it was Stane's secret shame. Tony had gotten him an autographed mask once. Tony doesn't want to think about that.)
Tony disappears with Pepper behind Happy Hogan into one of his more conservative limos and Sam glances to the side, finding Steve hovering indecisively in the doorway. "You missed the good part," he says when he sees the look on Steve's face. "Before he came out they were discussing if Stark released the video himself to garner sympathy."
Also making a big step is Steve, but he's not ALL the way there yet. More on that in the next chapter.
Beside him, Obie waved, then brought that same hand down to clamp onto Howard's shoulder and lead him away. "I'll be staying for dinner, of course," he said. "Can't resist your Ana's cake. I assume you're keeping it a surprise until then, but you can let old Obie in on it: what have you and Maria gotten for the boy this year?"
She says patiently, like he's slow, "The Avengers have been in business for six years, Stark; you, eight. How many Iron Man fans are working on prototypes in their basements right now? How many Cassies? You're
Tony doesn't know anything about righteous fury. For the greater part of his life he's been the recipient of it, not the giver. He doesn't know what it feels like and if he did, he wouldn't let himself. Tony is not a righteous man. Tony doesn't deserve it.
. Back then, Tony had looked disgusted with himself as he talked about it; he had been referring to how he used to keep his head and his company above water during the most dismal years of the war in the Middle East.
They pile into the living room, an odd reluctant happiness in the air that explodes into real joy when Laura and the kids come barreling into the room, screaming, to tackle Barton to the floor. They all pointedly ignore the cuff around his ankle and the tears in Clint's eyes as Rhodey asks FRIDAY for whatever the news is reporting.
"That's beside the point-" Tony begins, but T'Challa slices his hand through the air and he falls silent. He hasn't seen the expression in T'Challa's eyes outside of news clips from right after the bombing.
The Captain tore his gaze from Tony's - he seemed to have a perplexing preoccupation with the other boy's eyes, having not once looked away since the faceplate came up - and nodded, getting serious. "Right. You know him better than we do, Guardians. What's your suggestion?"
is where the sequence of words first begins," he says, pointing towards the second largest spike in the waves. "And
T'Challa leans back in his chair, not relaxing but Tony has not once ever seen T'Challa fully relax, but slackening somehow. There is a wry smile on his face. "Forgive me. I thought I would try a preemptive strike against any possible anger, but I may have misjudged you."
The other man goes through a whole range of motions and expressions that are suppressed and shuttered before they can be fully expressed. It's unnatural to watch, like a doll trying to bring itself to life, and failing every time. "So you'll use me."
against his heart. God, but his mother hated that play. 'Cheesy, overdramatic shlock!' she cried. Dad used to buy her tickets every year for her last five birthdays just to hear her fly into one of her impassioned rants. Of course, Howard always had her real gift waiting in the wings. The
"Nice to finally meet you, Mr. Stark. We've all heard great things about you." Her smile is as warm and her grip is tight over his and Tony doesn't know which one to trust.
Tony nods. "I know you're not. I'm blaming myself. Not helpful, I know. It's just, you know, my go-to coping mechanism. Might go mad without it." And he laughs a little, small and harsh. "We get back home, we'll sketch out a game plan, alright? We'll take the fight to them, hit 'em where it hurts, insert your motivational idiom of preference here."
Tandy turns to him, her gaze suddenly shrewd. "Isn't that what we're all doing here, Captain?" she asks, and Steve raises an eyebrow. "Oh, don't be silly, Steve, do you think any of us are happy here? Are you happy here? Really, I find it hard to believe that you've ever been happy, but Rachel keeps telling me this is just your emo-phase and you'll snap out of it any day now.
Kamala seems to come back to herself, squaring her shoulders. "Well, I-" And then she loses the plot again, looking to Tony like she's lost and he's a compass. "Will he really be okay? Mr. Cage. Going to a rally like that? People won't get mad?"
"Colonel Rhodes. Good to see you back on your feet. I'm surprised the military isn't all over your ass to come home."
Tony reads the transcript of the call and finds himself choking on a laugh that would probably end up sounding hysterical. 'What happened to the phone I sent?' Steve had asked, and Rhodey had replied 'He destroyed it. Duh.' The man is forty seven years old.
He doesn't mean for it to hit quite like it does but Donnie's entire frame sort of folds in on himself and the kid looks anywhere but Tony. "I just wanted to..."
That makes her snort indelicately just before her face goes carefully blank and she holds the phone out to him. "Steve knew about the bomb before even we did. They've got a top-ranking HYDRA agent in their custody right now. His team - Fury's team - might have information that we can use. If we pool our resources-"
Ultron had been his biggest. Tony works everyday to make sure its not unfixable but the task seems insurmountable.
Howard sat down heavily beside Obadiah, watching his friend watch his son. "Maria could hardly stand to look at him, this morning. I can't even imagine dinner tonight."
"Tony." She pulls back. "I watched Steve do this, you know, exactly this. Try to take on the entire world. Didn't work out very well for him. It's not happening to you."
The serum was to help, if Howard thought the help would be used honestly, but it would be on his terms. Maybe, in that, Tony can find someone to live with what his father has done, even by accident. He'd been a lot of things, and a good man was seldom among that number, but he was never evil, or an idiot.
"We found you in here. Agent Carter left five minutes ago with Secretary Lukin." T'Challa hands him a plastic cup of water and he drinks deep.
"See. Just like I said," he says, lighter than he feels. It's not really Steve, he knows that, but he'll take it. "It'll take a while to get used to. I'll stick around, okay. Just in case, you know." And he does, just like that, matching his breathing to the subtle whir of the arc reactor.
"It's already healing," Jan declared huffily, contenting herself with wiping away the blood. "I am so jealous. I had to wax my legs last night, Steve, do you know how handy a healing factor would been then?"
The man groaned when Steve's shin came in contact with his side, rolling over with a hand thrown across his face. "Ah. No need for violence, Danvers. Ain't that drunk today, just real tired mostly. Mostly. Had a little. No need to glare, darlin', consider my lesson well learned. I think that bartender put something in my drink." Steve watched, open-mouthed, as the man just rambled on. "That's a crime, Danvers. Man's drink should be sacred. Night in lockup, that'll fix him up right. We should tell the Sheriff. Crime on his watch! He'd never stand for it."
"And whose fault is that?" T'Challa spits over his shoulder, not meeting Tony's eyes. "They have put my country in danger, my people in danger. If word spread that Wakanda is harboring fugitives that attacked another country-"
"And yet you just said 'beep me,' Kim Possible." She pulls up a stool and sits herself down a careful distance away. "I have a report for you, and I didn't know if you were still tinkering with FRIDAY. I see you've left that up to Vision, though."
"D," Dagger huffs over the comms, that mix of fondness and disdain that seems near permanent whenever she speaks to Diamondback. "Running commentary. Really necessary?"
Four huddle in close to War Machine and he takes off while Tony picks up a few of his own. "Daredevil should be up here any moment. Keep the bastard occupied until we get back. I'll keep him in the air while War Machine evacuates. Got it?"
To his utter relief, Rhodey contradicts him. Brings out the debrief, points out where Natasha can be better utilized, debating if Vision and Tony's roles shouldn't be switched. The others chime in with their opinions and Tony has never loved them more.
And he could’ve sworn for a moment that the man’s smile almost turned genuine before he leaned forward, casting half his face into shadow. “Prove it.”
"That'll strike fear into the hearts of our enemies," she says dryly, dropping a plate filled with food among the bolts and styluses on Tony's desk with expert precision. "Food for you. Beef tips. Never claim Laura Barton doesn't love you."
This chapter will be re-edited in the morning when I'm no longer sick of looking at it. Any mistakes, please just bear with me for about twelve hours.
"Tahiti," the agent says softly. "It's a -" He cuts himself off and steps closer to Tony. The crew behind him spreads out along the living room, looking at the knick-knacks left behind. "I came here because I need your help."
"Probably," he says noncommittally. Fury's always playing a long con and Tony doesn't have the time to parcel it out. There is a familiar figure in the distance and he stands, relieved to be getting away from the encroaching sense of panic that even the idea of working alongside Rogers, even from a distance, brings to him. It feels like letting it go, and Tony can't. He dreams about his mother every night. He can't grit his teeth and bear it. "Well, I'll leave that in your capable hands, super spy. You and Rogers still seem to have a rapport, see if you can get Fury to spill some beans."
Tony pushed the heavy sheaf of papers away, following them down across the table until his head rested heavy on his folded arms. He was used to the weight of disappointment, but it still dragged him down sometimes. "Alas, I remain your loyal liege, Caesar," he mumbled into his elbow, hoping Ty couldn't hear the tears in his voice. "They said it was too soon for me."
"Of course. Four days, Tony. I'll send you the interrogation tape by then." Coulson moves to leave, sending a nod towards Natasha that she doesn't return.
Diamondback doesn't look particularly bothered or surprised. "Nobody trusts the Avengers, Captain. And Fury controls everything. The sky is blue, water is wet. You know how you were just talking about things you can't change?"
The number that Gwen Stacy has circled is an access code. To the Department of Defense. That in itself is not so strange, Tony's had his own lines of access to the DoD before, all very carefully monitored and terminated when his contracts were up. But in conjunction with whatever warped Osborn into the Green Goblin, not-so-strange becomes just-strange-enough. The night is suddenly very cold.
T'Challa came and offered me a choice. Said we could stay but be kept inside the compound or leave and be free.
Ugh. Spare me. If anyone but Anthony tried to hold the Captain's hand they'd probably find themselves face to face with a repulsor."
"So you turn to your teammates, you depend on them to help you fight back, you don't think turning yourself
“Tell me what happened,” Jan said, linking her pinky through his as they laid out in the sun. She had finally convinced him to leave the Tower after the three day work binge that followed his chat with Steve with the promise of sand and sun and fun.
"Yes, but not all of us read her bedtime stories from scientific journals," T'Challa teases. Tony ducks his head. "Truly, though, Doctor, you have done a marvelous thing."
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered, because – because someone had to. Because this Tony clearly needed to hear it.
“We have that in common, then,” Steve snapped back. “I’ve told him. He doesn’t listen. He just tries something else.”
"I'm not keeping you here. You can get up and leave, anytime you want." With a sickening pop, the reactor comes out.
Natasha and Rhodey are still deeply unhappy at this turn of events and Tony won't admit it but he's a bit frightened himself. He offered without really thinking it through, but he can't back out now. Not if it means keeping Nat and T'Challa safe and helping these people.
Tony's hands drop from the controls, completely nerveless, as Clint's voice breaks, as the younger man keeps going. "He kept telling Steve how he was tearing us apart but who hasn't picked up-"
"Waiting," T'Challa says, his already husky voice sounding somewhat hoarse. "Allow me a few moments of your time, Tony."
He still remembered Steve, his greatest creation, Bucky Barnes' name on his wrist and by his side. He should have never tried for more. Can't improve upon perfection. But he had, and this is what he got.
"You," Peter grits between punches. "Are. Insane. I have met. Ninja Assassins. And brainwashed soldiers. And a guy. Who grew thirty feet. In ten seconds. But congrats, Goblin Face. You've topped them all."
"What we had to," she replies with a smile. She lowers the whip and raises her other hand. "I told them I had you in my sights but they wouldn't listen to me. Once I bring them your blood, once I prove myself, we can start down the right path. Your team will not escape in time and I have very little to lose. Make the trade, Captain, and I will let you all live."
"Would you accept the aid of Tony Stark?" Rhodey whips around so fast Tony winces in sympathy but he charges on. "Not as Iron Man, but as a man who used to really know his way around some pretty sick weaponry."
Steve thought unkindly, and then immediately banished the thought. It didn't matter that he was angry. This man - this Tony - needed his help.
Tony frowns at her, not liking the way she's eyeing him as if waiting for him to flip out. "No need to build suspense, Killer Queen, if you've got a source I'm happy to hear about it."
"I don't care about him, I care about you. And tomorrow you're gonna feel really shitty about this."
"Yeah, well I wasn't in the best place," Tony mutters, drawing back against his seat. T'Challa shakes his head.
"You've got company, by the way," Laura says, coaxing Nate into eating a bite of apple sauce. "In the living room." She hands a sandwich off to Tony and points out towards the room in question.
But Tony doesn't have to. He never has before, why start now? He can wear the memory of December 16th around his heart like an armor. He can carry it onwards, and never forgive and never forget. Fuck, that sounds exhausting. He's carried his parents for so long, he doesn't have the strength to carry the Winter Soldier with them.
"Then make me an Avenger, then!" Donnie shouts. "Make it so they can't touch me." Tony just stares at him for a long moment, calculating risks and scenarios and probabilities and Donnie's face just grows more and more wretched. "You don't trust me at all, do you?" he asks. His voice is all over the place, quiet devastation running ragged all over it. "You've - you know how much I try and you still...look at me like I'm -"
They both look up at him at that, wariness and suspicion in Cage's eyes and the set of Daredevil's shoulders. Tony sighs. "I know you'd both like to wander around the streets doing whatever the hell you want, cleaning up Hell's Kitchen as you see fit but let me be the first to tell you: thinking that you know best how to fix life's problems, that just because the safest hands are your own means they should be the only hands helping seems self-sacrificial and noble and good. And it is. But it's also arrogant and selfish and fearful."
Donald Gill/Blizzard is a reoccuring member of Iron Man's rogues gallery and was on of couple episodes of AoS. He really was used by HYDRA and had trigger words and everything.
"Aw, Tones," Rhodey says, reaching for his crutches with one hand while he holds tight to Tony with the other. "Let's go to bed."
"Yeah?" Tony asked, and was that shyness in his voice? "You really think it's cool? 'Cause sometimes when I show you my tech you just do that thing where you nod along and smile like you're dying inside."
Tony's smile morphed into something incredulous and shy as he slowly laid the Omniwave on Steve's outstretched palm. "I put Lord of the Rings on there, the movie adaptations. You should check those out first."
Tony doesn't look down. "Yeah, she was having some trouble with the DoD so I thought I'd lend her a hand - I don't even remember writing this line of code; FRIDAY, new rule about drinking while doing surgery on you, sweetheart -"
"Good man," Rhodes said, coming forward to clap Steve on the shoulder. "Don't beat yourself up, Captain. Leave that to the aliens." With that, he moved past Steve and loosed his gun, ready for a fight as he headed down the walk to the dorms.
Pepper makes a distressed noise, pushes her forehead tight to his suit and holds him close. "This isn't your fault, Tony, it never was. Sweetheart, just sit with me for a moment, alright? Tony?"
"This and that," Bucky says, so deliberately calm, still acting like Steve's anchor even when he doesn't remember everything. "The trial, mostly, clearing my name."
"FRIDAY," he gasps. He can't get up. His chest weighs a ton. Is he - still dreaming? This doesn't look like Afghanistan.
One day a fight is too much, or goes on too long, and they’re both exhausted and inches away from each other and Steve’s chin goes up and Tony slips. “Why were you so scared of me?” he asks, like he’s been dying to for months. Steve’s eyes widen.
"I know, Carol," Rhodey tells her, mustering up a smile. "And don't think I don't realize you could have just done this over the phone. Thanks for coming to see me."
"Stark's always ready to compromise himself," Sam says, but there's no judgment there. "To fix his mistakes. To do what's right. Don't pretend you don't know something about that, Mr. I Went AWOL To Save My Best Friend. Twice."
A long pause, then Fury, gruffer than before and impossibly more irritated. "Call and let me know when you've put on your big boy pants, Rogers. Fury out."
"Yeah," Tony says. "Yeah." He grins reassuringly at T'Challa and climbs to his feet. He wobbles a bit and the king catches him, sliding his hand up and over his bicep and to his neck, holding Tony's face up for his perusal. Tony grins shakily. "Tell me true, Simba, which is more stressful: me or that entire country you're in charge of? I'm fine."
"Just the one," Tony parrots, making his smile extra wide. "I'll call it in when I need it. Just be ready."
"Why? I mean I realize the man was insane, but if he had even a shred of decency left he'd realize how hard this would make things for his kid," Tony mutters as he pulls on his clothes. His gaze keeps sliding to the phone.
"'D be an idiot not to be," Steve bites back, because fear isn't ever what's going to get him. Steve's never had a problem being scared, not the way Tony and Natasha do. What is there to be scared of? Steve's died once, and life just kept going anyway.
I mean, they phrased it nicer than that, but I could hear it. 'Creator of the atom bomb, director of SHIELD, weapons manufacturer, did he deserve to have his face caved in? More at eleven. And now, Judy with the weather.' I mean,
Blizzard's in the HYDRA chamber, terrified and pleading as Zemo laughs in the background. Tony is trying, trying to get to him but he keeps getting distracted by Bucky Barnes.
," Tony snaps, and he doesn't know why he's doing this, why he's being like this. "Norman Osborn is the father of one of Spider-Man's friends. Do you understand that - Spider-Man put his friend's father in jail where he died. Do you see why I have to go?"
"You know why," Ultron chides him, and Tony sucks in a breath that doesn't make it all the way into his lungs.
"Oh?" T'Challa says, looking between the two of them. Tony hates how he packs so much into so few syllables. "We each have individual contracts under the Accords, Doctor, has Tony not showed you?"
There is a low hum as the call disconnects that ebbs away into silence. Kamala is staring up at the ceiling in awe, coming back to when Tony waves his mug in her general direction. "Hot chocolate?"
They watch as the man bolts to his sister's bedside, holding her close even as her skin gleams gold. "
Though his own name had not come in yet, Bucky Barnes was still Steve’s best friend and could not be kept away for long. He appeared on the fourth day of Steve’s recovery, and Sarah stood in the doorway with James’ mother as Steve showed him his wrist.
He, and all those other blank-wristed people, were outside the norm. Worse than second soulmates even, at least those people had names. Tony lacked a basic function of humanity. He certainly didn't feel human right now.
Tony laughs, shocked and abrupt. "I do," he says, when he regains control of his breathing. "And I'm...I'm proud of you. I am," when Donnie inhales sharply. "I thought you should know."
And then the faceplate split apart, revealing Tony's shining, slightly goofy grin and grease-covered face as he stood up and waved his arms like an overgrown Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robot. "So. Tell me how great I look."
sorry you have to go through this, but your face - it was like you already knew. Did you know the whole time that the Winter Soldier killed your parents? Is that...Is that why you fought against Steve, to bring James Barnes to justice?"
He heads out towards the hallway and Steve all of the sudden goes boom-down into the couch before he can even think about moving. It's like a post-battle crash, but he hasn't been fighting. Wanda and Sam are by his side in an instant but he just pushes forward through their comforting grips to rest his forearms on his knees and breathe deep.
a scrawled note says, and Tony remembers seeing that for the first time and wondering what the fuck in meant.
"I wanted to trust him. He came for us in Siberia and I thought 'Finally. Everything's gonna be okay.' Because Tony, you don't know this about him, but he fixes things. Makes them better than before. And I thought with Tony on our side the rest would follow and we would all be - okay, together. And it's keeping me up at night to think that Tony's on the other side of the world, thinking the exact same things about me.
Tony couldn't let his parents know about this, couldn't let anyone know how much of a fuck-up he really was. It was bad enough that Ty knew. He whirled back around, intent on grabbing up his paper, but Tiberius was in the way, watching him with a calculating gleam in his eye.
"He didn't interfere with us much before," Steve says, thinking of that time between SHIELD's fall and the Accords, that year where it was just the Avengers choosing their missions and where to go. And it jolts him, for an uncomfortable second, to realize that the choice was always there.
“You didn’t have to,” Steve says automatically, but his mouth clicks shut as Tony brings up the shield and places it over his lap.
Natasha delicately crinkles her nose and steps away. "Come up for air at some point, Stark. You're no good to any of us dead on your feet. By the way, Sharon Carter called while you were in Wakanda. She wants to set up a meeting at the compound to discuss her liaison position."
The day his parents had packed him off to Barnabus-St. Christopher's, Howard had stood in front of him, touched his chest with one finger and said 'We know there's nothing in there, don't we, boy?' He'd waited for Tony's nod before another touch came, this time to his forehead. 'This is all you've got. Don't let me down.' No more than you already have, his eyes said, and Tony had sworn to both of them he wouldn't.
"I'm going in, too," Luke says. "I'm fireproof. I can't see your boy Spider-Man. Pedal to the metal, Iron Man."
This last bit is said towards T'Challa and the king steps forward, all menacing panther grace in his steps. "General," he begins, voice deadly soft. "I believe Mr. Stark has given you all the assurance you need as to Mr. Barton's arrest. Your presence here is no longer required."
Steve hands it over, watches Sam take in the same picture he had, sent from Natasha's phone. It's a snap of one of his drawings on the Accords, his own head in cartoon form, giant wings sprouting out of the side of his head. Beside it, written in Tony's blocky engineer's print, is the sentence:
Tony's breath stutters and he drops his gaze to his hands, watching the muscles move underneath his skin when he flutters his fingers, watches them reach out for Pepper, for Obie, for Rhodey. Watches it all slips through them one by one. Watches them covered in red and gold and stretched above him, trying to block a blow from a shield that will never come because Steve was aiming for his chest.
"Second: you're right. I didn't stop you before, not completely. But back then, I was just one man." He stops in his path to the door to look over his shoulder. "I'm not alone anymore."
"Captain." And then she's gone, and Steve is left with the hum of Bucky's chamber and the traces of Wanda's perfume.
Steve scurried to follow him out into the night. "I don't know. I met another one of you and he - well, I think a door or a path opened up for him. He said he heard voices calling him back."
"Oh, Tony," it says, stroking a cold metal finger down his cheek. It travels further, down his neck, across one clavicle then the other, then down to his chest. "I knew I'd find you here."
Rhodey isn't having it. "You went to talk with your parents' killer - for three days - and you think we're
