Sherlock heard John from a distance: “You kept them from blowing up three entire factories,” “explosions that could have wiped out entire blocks,” “an entire network of arsonists.” Bollocks. He countered each “entire” in his head. Three entire factories saved? Four entirely destroyed. Wiped out entire blocks? Seven entire families left homeless. Entire network? Entirely impossible to determine. How could anyone think the matter had been concluded successfully? How stupid were they all? Failed, he’d failed, he was too slow, he’d missed at least three details that would have saved…
I lay myself across his lap and feel the first swelling in my groin. He shifts his legs so there is no chance of my meeting with any friction. That will have to wait for later. Now, I resolve, I will focus on the experience I’ve worked so hard for.
“I’m very proud of you, Sherlock,” he repeated. He felt a warm glow in his chest and was surprised to find that he meant what he had said.
Irene grabbed his hand and headed for the staircase, hurrying but trying to look casual.  He followed as fast as he could, with just one look back to check: yes, the guests were all looking at the door and the newcomer, and no one was paying attention to him and Irene.
Lifting Sherlock’s feet off his lap, John rose. Sherlock whinged, but John shushed him, lowering his feet back gently to the sofa. “I’m just trying something else. Sit up a bit.” He took the cloth off Sherlock’s eyes, then put his hand on Sherlock’s back and pushed him up gently. Sherlock blinked a few times. The room was nice and dim, though, and he didn’t feel the spike of pain in his head that he’d been dreading.
Irene yanked the flash drive out, shut the computer, and crossed the room to his side. She shut the door, then grabbed his hand and pulled him to the couch. She shoved him down, then hiked her skirts up and straddled his lap.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, Pet, I believe that is, what did you call it? ‘A serious breach of discipline?’ Very disrespectful. And again, what happened to Sir? Now, that protocol I’m quite familiar with, Sherlock. Captain, remember? You’re not bratting already, are you? Doesn’t look like it’s going to be necessary. You’re sort of naturally naughty, aren’t you? I think you owe me an apology.”
She delivered five more blows with the brush, unevenly spaced. Sherlock was panting by the time she finished, and his arse was turning a bright rosy red. John swallowed and surreptitiously adjusted his trousers.
“All right, that’s it! Just stop it, both of you. I refuse to be a tennis ball batted back and forth between you. Now unless somebody else wants to go first, I’m having a wash-up and going to bed. Sherlock, you can join me or you can work yourself into another snit and take your mattress off across the floor. And you,” he pointed at Irene, “there will be no more Mata Hari in this,” he flailed at the concrete surrounding them, “bank vault.”
I breakfast with John, which raises his suspicions initially, but he is pleased by my toast consumption, so it passes. I explain that I have various trivial matters to attend to at The Yard and in the lab and bid him farewell at his usual hour. I put on a few patches to ward off temptation, tidy up the mind palace for a few hours and do a bit of quick research on the comparative odor retention of cotton, silk, and wool. Data trends are somewhat conclusive but woefully deficient. I plan several experiments for the lab. John has forbidden olfactory experimentation in the flat, even though the rotten eggs were clearly an accident. I’m off.
Irene rolled her eyes again. “Of course. That’s why you made a move on your best man on your stag night.”
The reminder stung and Sherlock searched for an appropriate rejoinder. “What’s that noise? Are you eating something? Are you eating cake? My very life might be at stake just speaking to you and you’re eating cake?”
Over the next hour and a half, John’s eyes were figuratively and literally opened as he learned about Sherlock’s mad rescue of Irene in Pakistan, and how that had led to her offer of certain… activities… as a way to thank him.  Sherlock tossed and turned on his mattress, desperately trying to eavesdrop on them, to no avail. When he finally got out of bed, he was even crabbier than John expected. He refused to even consider any of the MRE’s that John had pre-selected for him, and worked himself into a massive strop.
Idly, Irene said, “Of course you can, dear…John, whatever routine you settle on, try to be as consistent as possible. You know that he’ll take advantage of any weakness you show. I found the ‘broken record’ technique the most effective. Simply repeat the instruction no matter how he responds.”
“Let’s stay focused on the job, shall we, ladies?” John replied, with a glare at Irene. She sat back with a satisfied smirk on her face. “Remind me why we’re the ones having to do this?”
In spite of all John’s efforts, Sherlock could still feel that sharp spike at his temple, waiting to drill down. To take his mind off of it, he listened to John move around the kitchen, deducing what he was doing. Filling the kettle with water… turning it on… now opening the cabinet for something… sounded like the French press… now he was going to the pantry… yes, making coffee, that was it. He heard the refrigerator—no, the freezer—door open and ice cubes clink into a bowl.
His begging might have had no effect on the cold, hard, scientific mind of Doctor Watson, but Sherlock could tell that it was having the desired effect on John’s cock. When the timer rang John groaned and adjusted himself in his pants, then put his hand to his forehead and, reverting back to his scientist persona, dramatically bemoaned the fact that the results could not be considered valid due to the interference of previous stimulation.
“Can you hold off for a second? I’m going to take notes on my phone.” John began tapping away slowly.
Grinning, he mouthed at the tip, sucking lightly, swirling his tongue around, and probing at the sensitive spot where it met the shaft.
John looked between them in astonishment: Irene, in sprightly motion, and Sherlock, eyes wide like a deer in headlights, clearly hoping to disappear.
When John unlocked the door, Mrs Hudson popped her head out. “Well, that was quick! Come in and tell--”
They arranged themselves so that John was on his back. Sherlock climbed up over him and reached into the night table drawer for a bottle of lube. “Do you trust me?”
“Let’s begin. How frequently would you say your mad genius has one of his black moods? Assuming there aren’t any cases, of course.”
John held up his hand and jangled the leash. Sherlock was stunned into silence. With his very sternest face and in his deepest brogue and burr, John said. “Haud you wheesht, lad. Scotsman, remember? Patron saint? The Scottish flag for chrissake. Saint Andrew’s Cross. Don’t you know the story?”
Sherlock shouted, “I don’t care--” but when John frowned at him, he lowered his voice. “However would make you happy, John.”
He stood up quickly and said, “Good boy. I’ll forgive the disrespect. For now. I’d like you to lie along it and clasp your hands underneath.” John took up the handle of the leash before Sherlock stood up.
A young man, no more than 19 years old, wearing a bellboy uniform, stumbled into the room.  “Sir!  Mr. Britain contacted us.  You’re in danger!”
“I can do that. I’m so grateful that you shared this with me, Sherlock. You really didn’t have to.” He took the full shaft into his mouth, moving up and down, building up friction. At the same time, he kneaded the soft, round globes of Sherlock’s arse. The reaction was even better than he expected.
When he finally walked into the sitting room, his eyebrows lifted in shock. John was kneeling next to Sherlock’s chair wearing pants and a chest harness. The table was set for one, formally, with the fine china, silver, and a linen napkin. Candles were lit and serving dishes were steaming.
Innocent lives. Saved property. Genius, amazing, bollocks. The shrieking of the words set his teeth on edge. He tried to still his twitching, knowing that John, bloody, brilliant John, was just beginning to see the tension worming its way out of his gut and crawling up, over his shoulders and knotting the muscles of his neck. He could hear the rushing, seashell sound in his ears, advanced warning of the migraine now stalking him. Soon he’d feel the point of the spike drilling into his temple, letting too much light into his skull.
He is more smug than ever. “Oh, spanking will work. Your punishment is no spanking for a month. And after that, you’ll have to earn every single one.”
“Don’t scoff,” John replied. “The research is very promising. You may be able to induce a relaxation response. You’re excellent at deducing, why not inducing?”
John snorted and dragged a finger lightly up the side of Sherlock’s cock. He tried to squirm himself closer to John’s hand, but the silk scarves left him no slack.
Irene retrieved some loungewear from her suitcase and turned her back to them, then looked back over her shoulder. With a smirk, she asked, “Could one of you help me with this zipper?”  John got up and came over and unzipped her for the second time, and she shimmied out of the dress., Despite his best intentions, John licked his lips, appreciating the view, before he collected himself and turned away to see Sherlock watching him out of the corner of his eye.
He tried to focus on the burbling sound of the kettle boiling and then the soft hiss of water poured into coffee grounds, but the pounding in his head drowned it all out after a while. He took a deep breath, let it out slowly. The back of his neck felt tight and hot.
John was being terribly distracting, idly tracing circles around Sherlock’s left nipple, then lightly flicking the right one. Sherlock couldn’t help the muted whimper that escaped him.
John turned as Irene barreled through the connecting door, still in her dress, a small netbook open and balanced on one hand.  “We’ve got to get out of here,” she said.  “Moriarty’s agents are approaching the hotel.”
The other shoe followed suit, and then John tugged his socks off. The air was cool on his bare feet and he wiggled his toes a little. John’s hand, warm and firm, closed over the arch of his right foot. He gasped a little, and heard John chuckle. Then John’s thumb started massaging circles into the arch of his foot, gently at first, and then more strongly.
Sherlock stared at him a moment, mouth hanging open.  Then he looked away, a pink flush blooming on his cheeks and the tips of his ears.
Sherlock would never admit it, but Mycroft had probably saved his life. He had only, as he described it, “relinquished authority and terminated the continuous surveillance of Priority Package One,” when John moved in and Mycroft handed the responsibility over to him. Although Sherlock was not completely convinced that there wasn’t a tracker embedded under his skin somewhere.
“What fetish gear do you think we can collect? We have handcuffs, rope. You have anything else up in the attic? Or should we go shopping?”
“I knew when I lay down that the armbands were connected to the card machine. It took a few more minutes to work out how.” He waved his hand airily. “Remember your card didn’t work when you inserted the chip? And you had to swipe and then reinsert it? I knew that there had to be a repeater somewhere picking up the signal, and sending it back through the card reader to a processor nearby. That was the key, but I didn’t put it together until I saw the green armbands flashing and the red ones steady on--except for Buddha’s. It’s actually quite an impressive relay. And that they’ve managed to shrink the repeater down to an armband. Until now, I’ve only seen them the size of a briefcase. A multi-hop repeat no doubt. The textbook clerk will probably plead out in exchange for sharing the specs. If Gary is clever, he’ll take him on as a consultant.”
“John. Lestrade has sent us a case…however I’m inclined to decline.” He grinned at his cleverness, but this was wordplay, but he didn’t realize it gave him away. It was a shell game and it meant he was trying to distract from something he didn’t want to address. John ignored the joke and reached for his computer; actually more like snatched it.
John bucked up and cut Sherlock off abruptly. He pushed up and into him, at the same time, tightening his grip and beginning to pump in earnest. It didn’t take long and Sherlock came first, head back and spurting come over John’s chest. When he looked again at John, it seemed it was the sight of Sherlock abandoning himself to his pleasure that sent John over the edge, more than the crescendo of physical sensation. Sherlock stayed upright until he was sure that John had experienced the fullness of his climax and allowed him to soften inside of him. Then, ignoring the come, he collapsed onto John’s chest.
“Young man,” Irene snapped,“none of us is in a particularly sparkly mood at the moment, so I’ll thank you to keep your whinging to yourself. My options may be limited here, but I assure you my imagination quite makes up for it.”
Sherlock stared. “Dear god, I thought you were supposed to be the experienced one. Have you never been to a BDSM party?”
And then the equilibrium is shattered when I feel the hand pressed against my back slipping around to stroke my cock. I throw my head up and arch my back. I gasp his name and he answers, “Shh, I’m here.”
“I don’t know,” she said.  Her eyes were wide with fear.  “But somehow they figured out where we were.”
No one within twenty miles will sell me one. Regardless, I cannot risk smoking an actual cigarette. There are too many people invested in my ultimate success—Damn! People! Another sign of my diminishing capacity for independence.
John was slightly startled. He had adopted a completely hands-off approach to his flatmate after the first few times he'd flinched at John’s casual touch. It was difficult for him to hold back because he was usually physically affectionate, not just with his romantic interests, but family, friends, anyone who gave consent. He was just cuddly. Sherlock, on the other hand walked through the world like some kind of bristled creature, subconsciously transmitting the confidence  of a porcupine: touch at your own risk. And now, here he was, practically rubbing himself against the hand (of his flatmate!) resting on his head. John shrugged internally. If there were ever a time to live in the moment, this was it. He scratched Sherlock’s scalp gently. He was rewarded with small movements that were more like a cat than a porcupine. After a few moments, John realized that the movements facilitated Sherlock’s observations of the room. Eventually, Sherlock looked up at him to give his next set of instructions.
“So… Bolivia, is it?”  John murmured, as he slid the ice in a circle around Sherlock’s nipple.  “I hear it’s a stunningly beautiful country.  Wonderful… peaks. Chilly. Irresistible, though. ”
“Fine,” John snapped.  “Let’s go.”  They each grabbed as many bags as they could carry and followed the bellboy out of the room, Irene trailing behind them.
His excitement ramped up to a manic level as the time drew closer, while John immersed himself in the details of the case, the BDSM community in London, and researching the latest club protocols.
I can’t bear it. I cannot tolerate the thought that he might be upset with me. I don’t mind him getting cross. I can easily ignore the shouting. But let the man give me one mournful glance, and I’m vowing never to misbehave again.
“So don’t forget that.”  He stepped forward and took Sherlock’s face in his, then kissed him as deeply and as thoroughly as he could.
“John has no confidence in my ability to playact, despite all the evidence I’ve provided to the contrary.” Lestrade shook his head and shrugged. Sherlock turned around and spoke directly to John. “Maybe this will be the role that finally convinces you.”
John begins by rubbing his hand over my cool skin and I shiver. I feel him lift his hand and when it drops, the shock of the sound outweighs the sting. He begins a barrage without rhythm or logic of any kind and I feel myself letting go of words and then thought itself. There is nothing but the feel of his hand and the sharp ache that penetrates straight through me to my cock. I start to move, to writhe, forward seeking stimulation in one direction and avoiding it in the other. The competing sensations of pain, excitement, shame, and pleasure, leave me in a hazy dream where I float, in perfect equilibrium, needing nothing but what John gives me.
He traced on the screen with his finger, as if to confirm, but in reality, he had been quite familiar with the place: its Friday night King’s Chaos parties. And the Saturday BiBash parties. And Corrosion, the gay male BDSM parties--whenever he wasn’t nodding off in a heroin induced stupor. It had been a long, long time since he'd been. He wasn’t allowed. Rocco, the club owner, had strict instructions to make a call on a secured mobile if he showed up in any kind of an impaired state.
“Yes, yes, apologies,” Mycroft responded, with not nearly enough remorse in his voice for Sherlock’s liking. “It’s just made it damn near impossible to keep you out of the sights of people who’d like to have you removed - permanently!”
He was, quite literally, tied up. So far, just his wrists, with beautiful silk scarves that would leave beautiful pink marks on his pale skin. He tugged experimentally against his restraints. John had done a good job; he couldn’t move his wrists more than a quarter-inch. His legs were making up for it though, his feet braced against the mattress, his heels sliding up and down sporadically.
“Sherlock, I need you to talk to me, I can’t stand this. I can’t pretend to know what you are feeling, I can’t imagine what’s going on in your head but I can’t watch you shut down like this; it’s too hard.
They sat inches apart, bare chested and breathing heavily. Sherlock pressed his head gently against Johns forehead.
“No” Sherlock shouted “No, you don’t John, I…I” Sherlock dropped his head and began massaging his temples; his finger ends wrinkling the skin as he pushed hard.
They lay in the chair as their breathing slowed, Sherlock gently stroking Johns chest as the light began to filter through the slightly parted curtains. Sherlock, after some time, slowly drew a breath and sat up, looking John full in the eye
“Help how? Can you see for me, are you going to be my guide dog John? One bark for yes, two for no,” Sherlock mocked, “it’s my life John, its who I am”
When he went back in Sherlock was stood in his coat, waiting by the bed “Ah, finished talking about me then, come on John we haven’t got all day” and he put his hand out expectantly. John took a deep breath; this was definitely going to be a challenge.
Sherlock lay on his back, propped up in the hospital bed, for all accounts sleeping peacefully. A cotton pad across his forehead secured with a thick bandage wound around the back of his head. John thought about the army hospital, many men laid around with bandages here and there, none of them looked like Sherlock though. The fluorescent lights washed even the little colour he had out of his complexion. He looked transparent, like a ghost.
“Do you need this?” he enquired, pouring the amber liquid. They were stood close now. John frowned as he accepted the glass. He looked at its contents before downing it quickly, it burned as he swallowed it. He set the glass down.
“Molly’s coming to see us.” John chirped to Sherlock. Sherlock was sat, well slumped, in his chair with his eyes shut. John didn’t know whether he was asleep or simply being ignorant, he had taken to doing this a lot lately, he could sit completely still for hours, eyes gently closed, John thought perhaps if he sat with his eyes closed he could pretend it was his choice that he couldn’t see anything. It was early days yet, John had tried a couple of times asking if he wanted to go out but Sherlock hadn’t replied.
John got it straight away, of course, Sherlock prized his knowledge highly, his power of observation allowed him to compile his mind palace, he would want to preserve as much of it as he could………because there wouldn’t be any more… John looked at his friend; he looked into his eyes, and again was struck by the lack of expression, of recognition. “Sherlock, I get it….”
Sherlock’s head dropped, John watched him closely, he seemed to be holding his breath, then he looked up, eyes open this time, looking towards John but with no recognition on his face. The anxious knot in Johns stomach tightened, he’d been feeling this way for a couple of days now, he knew Sherlock needed to speak but he was afraid about what he might say. John felt like he was waiting for his turn at the dentist, dreading his name being called. “I don’t know John” Sherlock said finally. John was taken aback; the tone he had used made it sound like a question. “What don’t you know Sherlock?” He looked away “What to do John, I don’t know.” He was speaking but it didn’t feel like he was speaking to John, he sounded a million miles away.
John instinctively reached his arms around Sherlock’s waist, travelling hands up his back, his flat palm and outstretched fingers caressing the tight muscle over Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock broke the kiss with a gasp, surprise at Johns eager response perhaps but the pause was not long as John kissed the exposed skin at the top of Sherlock’s shirt, his short kisses becoming more needy as they trailed up, reaching his chin Sherlock turned his head back down to meet Johns hungry mouth.
“Sherlock, take it easy, you are in a hospital” John kept his voice low and calm so as not to startle Sherlock. “Sherlock” John coaxed, willing him into consciousness. Sherlock finally opened his eyes and John saw his pale blue iris move slowly from side to side, then quicker. Sherlock began to try to sit up, panic stricken across his face, then a cough caught in his throat, John realised his throat must be dry and hurriedly poured a cup of water and brought it to his mouth.
“Cataloguing, filing, storing, sorting, I can’t afford to lose anything, I have a bank of information to preserve.” This all came out rapidly, Sherlock, breathing deeply afterwards.
Sherlock worked his mouth up and down, expertly creating pressures and glorious sensations for John, who knew this could not go on for long, feeling energy blooming in his abdomen, he writhed as his climax built and moaned louder. As if Sherlock sensed John imminent arrival, he placed his hand at the base of Johns cock, applying a firm downwards pressure to the glands with his fingers. This was too much for John, crying out as he reached the peak of  his ecstasy, sitting suddenly up on his hands, he came strongly, throbbing, he released into Sherlocks mouth, who continued to suck until John fell back once more.
“Of course in that case, the patient never recovered fully…” Molly’s voice petered out as John walked in.
“Biscuits!!” a sonic level Mrs Hudson appeared, when she scanned the room and found no Sherlock she looked towards John with concern. John nodded his head toward his room. She studied his face for a moment “Oh,” she paused, he must have looked strung out. “We’ll get him right John” Mrs Hudson placed her hand on Johns forearm and gave a gentle squeeze. He looked into her eyes and found some comfort there.
“What do I do John? I’m driving myself insane, my mind palace is shrinking, I can’t stay there, it’s getting harder.”
The luminous lights in Sherlock’s hospital room meant that is was still bright even when John closed his eyes, John was dog tired. He had been sat by Sherlock for about ten hours now. He had vowed he wouldn’t sleep. The doctors had said there was no apparent damage to Sherlock from the assessments they performed but that they would need him to wake up to confirm that. A blow to the front of the head was still a serious injury.
The shock of the cold leather making contact with Johns back caused him to arch and gasp, Sherlock used the gap to reach around Johns back, his hand grazing over the dappled and uneven scar on Johns shoulder before grasping his strong back. They moved together, chests becoming moist, tongues licked, mouths sucking, desperately trying to get even closer. The weight of Sherlock and the friction moving over his jeans caused Johns prick to stiffen and his head to swim.
Sherlock had been in hospital for three days, now he was being discharged but there was little joy to be had. A flurry of tests and long periods of waiting had given no answers as to why Sherlock couldn’t see. John knew that a blow to the head could cause swelling of the brain, resulting in blindness; he had seen it in Afghanistan. He also knew the effects can vary in severity and length, these are the sterile sentences he had delivered to soldiers relatives himself, not ever really giving thought to the anguish that ambiguity also gave.
“Ahhhh, oh god!” John exclaimed through heaving breaths, Sherlock looked up towards John, smirking, happy in his achievement it would seem. John reached forward, cupping Sherlocks face and pulling him towards him, Sherlocks lean body lay over Johns as John kissed him once more, tasting his saltiness, as his tongue found Sherlocks. He felt at that moment that he would do anything for this man, who had healed him more in the last twenty-four hours than months of counselling.
John stopped rubbing his face and slowly slid his hands down his face and peered at Sherlock. “Go on”
Sherlock dropped his keys and removed his gloves, placing them gently to his side. In the dim room John watched, the light from the lamp highlighted this mans profile, the high cheekbones, his eyelashes and his lips, oh god, those lips! Johns fingers brushed his own lips with the memory of just a short while ago, those lips against his.
John busied himself in the kitchen boiling the kettle, he kept an eye on how it was going, he had asked Molly to come, she had popped in a couple of times while Sherlock was in hospital and even though she had a terrible habit of saying the wrong thing sometimes, John had to admit he was struggling, he didn’t know how to help Sherlock, he wanted to see how someone else did. He carried the tea back through on a tray.
No answer. “Sherlock?” John stopped still so he could listen, facing a wall of dead silence and dark. He took a step forward but the floor didn’t meet his foot, which kept on moving, downwards, taking the rest of him with it. John’s stomach dropped and he flung his arms out, grabbing what ever it was he found. A pole steadied him as he waited for his heart rate to slow, there appeared to be a hole in the floor of this corridor, he shouted Sherlock’s name again but still no response.
John started towards Sherlock; in front of him in three strides he placed his hands on the arms of his chair. Sherlock, sensing the sudden proximity, opened his eyes.
John had known this was coming, yet it didn’t make it any easier, he couldn’t say anything that would make this better. He did understand, despite what Sherlock thought, he sat forward and placed his hand on Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock looked up at John and he could see that Sherlock’s eyes were wet with tears.
When they arrived at the hospital they were greeted by Lestrade, approaching John with a concerned expression. “John” said Lestrade, “Huh” replied John, it was good to see a familiar face but he was concentrating on where Sherlock was being wheeled, he didn’t slow down. “John, what were you two doing? John felt his concentration slipping, his mind started to work out what to say. “What, uh, Sherlock, he… Mycroft” his words tumbled out. Lestrade held up his hands, “All right, all right calm down John” John noticed Sherlock go around a corner. “I have to…I need…” Involuntarily, he turned and followed the direction Sherlock had gone, he heard Lestrade shouting after him but his feet moved him away.
“I’ve said it before, my mind is like a rocket, tearing itself to pieces, and now it’s worse, I can’t see anything, I can’t observe……….. I can’t see…”
At Johns words Sherlock turned his head to face him, John turned his face upwards, quite unconsciously licking his lips, and a steely determination in his eyes.
“Can you ignore me if I’m here?” John said with a low voice, holding back the volume but not the frustration. He knew Sherlock couldn’t see him but he would be able to hear his breath he was so close. John swallowed, “Talk to me”
“Please sit down Molly” Sherlock gestured her to sit in Johns chair; John allowed himself a little smile.
“Maybe we could go out to see Molly sometime?” After a pause John added “Or Mycroft?” Sherlock remained still.
going to need help. However long this lasts you are going to need some help adjusting to this, taking things easy. I can take some time off work; I’ll come and stay at Baker Street.” Sherlock’s head dropped “I suppose you’re right” he said sulkily. “Sherlock” John said sternly, and then he stopped. This wasn’t like him; there was no fight in him. “I know this is hard” John went on a little more softly “I’m just asking you not to make this more difficult than it has to be. I don’t mind helping, when you get home in more familiar surroundings you might feel better, you’ll see.” John immediately regretted the end of his sentence and his face would have given him away if Sherlock could have seen it.
“Sherlock, I said Molly’s coming” John persisted, Sherlock still didn’t reply but he turned his head away from John. Exasperated John gave a sigh “Sherlock will you please stop ignoring me?” Sherlock sat up “Ok John, yes Molly is coming to visit, how shall we prepare, I’ll put my best suit on shall I?” “Well you can drop the sarcasm but yes, that would be preferable to your pyjamas” Sherlock smirked “I’m not getting dressed John.” He hadn’t been dressed since he got home from the hospital. It took him three days to come out of his room. “You are going to have to at some point, let me help you Sherlock.”
A gentle short kiss, enough to take his breath before it was gone. A second, seeming an age passed, another kiss, this one stayed, it moved, John responded, his frozen body becoming warm and pliable in Sherlock’s hands. All hesitation floated away as John allowed himself to be present, not thinking but feeling, the hand at his side, a gentle pressure moving around his back, the upturned thumb stroking.
“Stop this Sherlock” John hesitated, still not wanting to push Sherlock, and then found his resolve.
Molly shuffled into the room and placed the grapes on Johns side table. She glanced at John and shook her hand in an up or down motion, mouthing how is he at the same time.
As John gave up trying to sleep and re-adjusted himself in his chair he noticed you could actually see tiny blue veins all over Sherlock’s chest, like a map they joined into each other like roads. As he stared his eyes blurred in and out of focus. John allowed his gaze to travel up Sherlock’s chest, it was a rare sight a still Sherlock and he became intrigued. His chest was smooth, and although Sherlock was slight, he was defined, sinewy muscle lain over delicate bone.
John allowed the paramedics to shepherd him into the back of the ambulance next to Sherlock on the stretcher, they had assessed he hadn’t broken anything, god knows how, but he was still unconscious. John watched the medics with a sense of detachment as they buzzed around Sherlock and the ambulance sped off. He knew what they were doing but it seemed so odd to see them doing it to Sherlock.
That hurt John, he took a deep breath, he knew Sherlock didn’t mean to be cruel, and that offering any solutions at this stage would be pointless, Sherlock was in a place where there are no solutions.
This kiss was deep, mouths open, tongues meeting. Sherlock’s coat dropped to the floor under Johns instruction, hands free to explore the curls at the back of Sherlock’s neck. As they kissed Sherlock’s clever fingers began unbuttoning, slowly downwards, till he reached Johns belt. John felt the gentle tug of his shirt being pulled out of his trousers before the searing heat of Sherlock’s hands made contact with his bare skin.
Their eyes met, inches apart Johns dilated pupils stared deeply into the cool blue eyes in front of him,
John broke his mouth away with a low moan, Sherlock took the opportunity to sit up on Johns stretched out body, knees straddling him he sat up high, looking down on John who’s blissed out expression told Sherlock all he needed to know. Sherlock placed both palms on Johns chest and began stroking, slowly, John looked up, Sherlock held his gaze. John could tell Sherlock was moving down, teasing a fiery trail towards his belt. When his fingertips reached the boundary of Johns waist he danced across it, his head was cocked to one side and he had a playful expression on his face. He bit the side of his lip just as his first finger dipped below Johns belt line, it felt like an explosion in Johns mind which kept firing each time a new sweep was taken.
"Can you explain it to me, Sherlock? What was your number on the set during the snitch? And since we're going to talk about things that are annoying, why do you have to touch your jeans pocket like that? What do you have inside? You think I didn't see your eyes... your hands... Greg asked, very coldly.
"Is there anyone who can come and get you, William? I'd prefer you not to be alone tonight. I'm going to give you something to help you, but I would really like to talk to someone close to you. Can you reach a friend? Family? Family? A sister? A brother? "John took his phone out of his pocket, as if he wanted to call someone, approached Sherlock and made a vague gesture towards the door behind which he had sent Sally and the two bodyguards back. "I don't think your two... "he hesitated about the term to use,"... your two companions may be of great help to you tonight, and you really need to rest and be calm. Your friend, Gregory, is fine," added John, who understood Sherlock's silent question.   "We just need to watch him for a few hours, it's not for him but for you that I'm worried. You have to sleep, stop swallowing everything and anything, take care of yourself, William.... »
"Sherlock, did you even listen? Do you have any questions? "Sally asked.  As for himself, he whispered very softly:
He could have handled all this. He had done it for years, with bad grace certainly, but he had done it. He had done well. It was part of the job, he whispered on the phone threateningly one night when he blew it all off, after an exhausting concert, the man who held his career in his hands, Charles Augustus Magnussen, the owner of Underground records, the Major to whom he had belonged for three years.
"But Myc," Greg tried again, "do you even know where... He had opened his eyes again and his gaze, still disoriented, was looking for his companion in the hope of an answer.
But today, nestled under the down, as the chills increased and he felt his heart beating too fast again under the effect of the substances he had just taken, the musician did not hesitate to respond to the disappointed tweets of his fans following the failed concert at the Palladium, he typed directly the ID he had seen on Dr. Watson's phone, asking himself once again what the H could well mean.
At first, it was terrible. Returning at dawn from the hospital in the already crowded subway.  The stairs of his apartment he was climbing, his gait heavy, pulling his leg. A tea swallowed standing up quickly. A toast, half of which he was throwing away. The shower would have been welcome if it had not been the worst time to confront
"No way," replied the young brunette woman who was standing next to the wounded in an authoritative voice. However, she moved away from the table where he was lying to let the doctor examine  him. ”It's a matter of safety," she said, waving her hand at the man sitting on the floor. "This person... William...", she continued,"... William must not...," she looked for his words"... cannot..." But it stopped as the monitor made a more insistent noise. John had already contacted the patient anyway and was engaged in the first investigations.
"No, Sherlock, slammed Moriarty's voice again, it sounds like a puppet, I want a lot more. "And he added in a tone that was as sarcastic as it was ironic: "You know what?   I'm going to tell you something that will help you... when you say yours, think about...
"Oh, that would surprise me," John whispered as he knelt down, despite the presence of bodyguards, near the young man and grabbed his wrist. What he found under his hand only confirmed his concerns. A fast, elusive pulse, which already told him what he suspected from the beginning.
"Sally, you're handling the scene...? I, I..." He stopped, carried his hand to his phone, which was vibrating insistently in his pocket.
"What moment?" scolded the musician as he cut him off, do you think I don't see your little game? "he added in a voice that rage made it more acute now. You think I'm losing it because Vic..." but he stopped suddenly, unable to pronounce the whole name. "...Because, he continued, I haven't composed since..." In his own despair, Sherlock heard himself stop suddenly, looking for his breath. He was going to continue when Moran, Magnussen's right-hand man, cut him off in a bad voice.
Greg locked the room from the inside where the toilets, showers and rest rooms were located. He hadn't let go of Sherlock and it was only when the door was closed that he let him go. He leaned against the wall, arms crossed on his chest and observed the young man who had gone to one of the sinks and looked at him in the mirror, as if he did not dare to face him directly in front of him.
faithful beyond all past disappointments, were already pressing ahead, chanting the name of the idol
And he cut off his phone.  It was a poor parade. He knew of course that Mycroft would not be fooled for long, but he had to deal with the most urgent.
"Sherlock... he has..." and Greg took a long break as if he wanted to delay the blow he was going to give to the man he loved, "Myc, your brother has fallen back. »
What could a medical officer, who had only recently returned home, write such a talented letter to be followed by so many followers? Since Sherlock had seen the number of subscribers, the counter had risen again. The doctor's profile was surprisingly simple and fit in three words, Doctor. Soldier. Author. The last word plunged Sherlock into an immense perplexity.
Under the attack, Sherlock stretched himself like a bow, ready to jump and, if these two bodyguards who never left him, even on the set, seeing the crisis coming, had not girded him, he would have jumped to Moriarty's throat.
His fingers flew on the keyboard, without erasure or hesitation, the lines flowing in an unrestrained flow. And while he was writing, he felt, to his own astonishment, a kind of perfection in each of his words, as if he had always had them in him but it took this encounter for them to blossom on the page, as if these were the words and not others that embodied the man he kept thinking of.
In an uncontrollable wave, the events of the last two days came back to hit him hard. Tim's words begging him for a picture, Moriarty's sarcasm during rehearsals, the concert fiasco cancelled at the last minute, Greg's surprised eyes looking at him without understanding as he plunged into the void, his bloody temple violently lit by the scyalitic. But beyond all the images that came spinning inside him without him being able to block it, it was the feeling of the doctor's hand on his wrist and the warmth of his smile that he still perceived in him. Greg's fall, his injuries had taken precedence over everything else while he was in the ambulance with him. Waves of panic and guilt were shielding his own discomfort. He was not aware of his shattered breath, made laborious by the pills he had swallowed all day before the concert to help him hold on, nor of the dark circles that highlighted the exhaustion of his face, nor even the intense shaking that was shaking his hands.
And when the singer's breathing seemed to have returned to a more acceptable rhythm, the doctor carefully placed his stethoscope back on his chest, held his shoulders down as Sherlock tried to straighten up.
more?" As Sherlock remained silent, Greg continued. "Have you thought about the implications if we have a bad review tonight?”
John couldn't help but think about Sherlock over and over again as he walked through the park to the clinic. It had been a complicated night. You can't sleep in your room. He had taken over the sofa, facing the door, as always, and for hours he had turned and turned inside him the flood of information that the web had poured into him about Sherlock. He knew intimately that he had not dreamt the burning look Sherlock had given him at the hospital. It was neither a plea nor an invitation, but a question that certainly only required an answer.  At the end of his strength, John had finally fallen asleep from a rough sleep from which he had woken up more confused than ever with the irrepressible desire and that he did not always explain to himself to do anything to find this man who had been put on his way by chance. His bruised shoulder hurt him more than usual. But a wave of burning heat had spread through (her) his belly and had not disappeared.
But obviously this emergency doctor from whom he had deduced the military past at first sight on his haircut, the complexion of his face, and his stiff shoulders thrown back, had not fallen for it. Sherlock understood right away that he had not recognized him at all.  His notoriety did not seem to have reached the dunes of the Afghan desert. Of course, London tabloids of the worst kind, those who flooded their ones with photos stolen at the worst moments of their lives, were not to find their way in the planes that brought mail to the battlefields. The doctor had just focused on his task. He had Sally and the bodyguards out while Greg was being taken to another floor.  The singer had tried to get away from this grip of both firmness and sweetness, but the doctor did not let him go until he checked that the overflow of pills did not put him in immediate danger. He had not asked more questions than necessary, had left them aside, had listened to his heart for a long time, had laid him down on the ground, had asked him to inhale and exhale regularly at his own pace.
Mycroft suddenly felt his palms getting even more sweaty, his heart going up his throat and beating madly. And as he looked at Greg, already feeling that what he was about to learn was what he feared most, he heard his companion whisper in a barely perceptible voice what he already knew, anyway, deep inside himself:
Once Greg is safe in their apartment, it's time to think about Sherlock. A glance at his mobile phone showed him that his brother had not answered. Mycroft Holmes had always been concerned about his younger brother's disproportionate size. There had always been dark outbursts at Sherlock's that were compensated by incredible fulgurations. Mycroft had had the fleeting hope that the musician's success and even more so the recognition of his peers for the original talent shown in his compositions would reconcile the young man with himself. But the inner torments, the immense precision of his sharp mind, and even more, his self-proclaimed lack of empathy had led him on a path long marked by the darkest forces. There had indeed been an unexpected moment of grace, the one during which, for a few months, the Welsh painter Victor Trevor had invited himself into Sherlock's already eventful life. The young musician had suddenly opened himself to the world. All it took was a kiss to the full mouth one concert evening in an overheated dressing room for the lonely young man to metamorphose. It was enough for Victor to look at him, and suddenly, the doubts, the questions seemed to have disappeared. The couple, who had remained hidden for a few weeks, made the headlines very quickly. Victor looked straight into the photographers' objectives, compelling, seductive, manipulative.  On the pictures, Sherlock's eyes were shining. But the magic only lasted for one season, the time of the imposture. Within a few weeks, Victor's influence over the musician had reached new heights.
But it was only much later, when the two men felt him calm and stop, that they loosened their grip. Then slowly straightening up, Sherlock, breathing heavily, threw one last blow towards the room and, without saying another word, took his coat that was lying in a corner and disappeared backstage. Without even hesitating, instead of going down to the dressing rooms, he took the right staircase, the one that went up to the roof of the theatre.  He swallowed the steps four to four, tears blurring his eyes, unable to think, his heart on the edge of his lips. He thought he was going to throw up when he found himself on the terrace immersed in the dark light of the falling evening, swept away by gusts and rain. Raising his collar, he saw a recess near the low wall overlooking the facade and let himself slide to the ground, his back resting against the hardened concrete. Sitting on the floor, he brought his legs back to his chin and curled up on himself, he tried to calm his breathing, while another nausea shook him.
"Oh, please, Greg, I'm just gonna... you know (how to)… satisfy a natural desire," replied Sherlock, in an exasperated voice, trying in vain to free himself, his hand already immersed in the back pocket of his jeans.
He put his hands on the keyboard and closed his eyes. But it was not the sound of Fayaz's crying that he heard in him, it was not the child's brutalized body that imposed itself on his mind, it was not the warm breath of the desert that caressed his face in imagination. It was again and again the same singular face, with prominent cheekbones, the same dancing dark curls, the same sharp eyes that invaded him and, almost in spite of himself, John began to write.
By chance, when he got home, he ran into a college friend, Mike Stamford, and they talked, at first with some embarrassment, especially when Mike asked him about his injury. And then quite quickly, Mike told him that he was looking for someone at the firm, that maybe he could hire him.
And when the latter did not react, John, carefully lifted up the young man's chin. A face of singular beauty, ravaged by tears, offered itself to him. It was like a collision, not with features he didn't recognize at all, but with two icy blue irises whose dilated pupils said too much. John felt pierced through and through. The two men looked at each other without saying a word, one lost in the other's eyes.
Sherlock's eyes did not leave the doctor's face. There was a charming smile there, but also a whole world, made of both light and shadow. And the musician, so quick to usually deduce, a whole lifetime at a glance, found something completely indecipherable in those deep blue eyes that looked at him with a mixture of worry, amazement and, yes, admiration when he had asked:
Greg, his stomach tied by anxiety, turned again to Sally Donovan, who looked at him with a sorry and helpless look. The artist had never done this to them before. They had had everything else... panics, whims, anger, but he always showed up on stage at the scheduled time. Always.
"Sherlock, where are you going, like that?" Greg firmly grabbed the wrist of the young man who was already heading backstage. He immediately felt under his fingers the skin too hot and the pulse beating too fast.
Magnussen became. The Major's boss absolutely wanted Mine live. It seemed as if, in addition to the ambitions he put on this title for the next Brits, he was taking some pleasure in seeing Sherlock in trouble. Magnussen, it was a fact known to all, had a certain penchant for suffering.
"Damn it, Hugh, stop sending the projo in my face. Just because your wife is sleeping with your banker doesn't mean you have to blind me like that..."
If Tom and Fred hadn't been there to hold him, Sherlock, hearing Moran's last words, would have rushed at him, but he just had a little contemptuous laugh.
was revealing an intimate part of himself that he didn't want to reveal to the public.  But the more he refused, the more
A nausea seized him at the idea of this title that Magnussen had imposed. Sherlock composed all the melodies. The texts were not his.  He had a few regular authors who did, for the most part, a very good job. But what the audience and fans were praising, what made his incandescent success, was not so much the lyrics of the songs, it was his voice, very deep, vibrant, which warmed up with its very particular timbre the coldest rooms as well as the melodies he composed, the tonalities, the chord choices that formed a universe whose elegance and originality were admired and cherished. Twice already, he had been nominated for the Brits for the song of the year. But each time, he had been beaten. A few months earlier, Magnussen, who had taken the two successive defeats very badly, had imposed on the production a new lyricist, one of his protégés, from who knows where, a very thin young man with a strong Irish accent.  He had gradually gained more and more importance, exercising a hold on the choice of songs. He was in all your rehearsals, all your work moments. Greg had to be constantly involved to put him back in his role. James Moriarty had a remarkable word intelligence, according to Magnussen. So Greg had been very cautious from the beginning. One thing I don't know about the young artist's behaviour made him very uncomfortable.  But, in the end, did he really have a say?
Smiling for himself, John gently closed his keyboard. He would respond to this comment later. For the time being, he had to ignore all this. It was something he had learned to do, to separate his writing moments from his professional tasks. The night promised to be particularly long at the hospital.
"My boss fell off a roof. Fortunately, his fall was stopped almost immediately by a construction scaffold that was miraculously against the facade of the building; he finally fell only three metres high but still lost consciousness...".  While Sally continued her explanations, John was able to make a rather reassuring initial diagnosis. Glasgow's score was satisfactory. The patient was likely suffering from a minor head injury, two fractured ribs and a broken ankle, but nothing more. It would be good for a few weeks of convalescence and rest. For the time being, the most urgent thing was to suture the wound, which was bleeding heavily, despite the bandages.
"William ?" John asked, warning the young man that he would touch him more. "Would you mind lifting your face up? »
"Yes, I have a question. Have you thought about my beloved little pills? "Without saying a word, Sally rummaged through her bag and handed
"It's been two hours since anyone's seen him, Boss. He was there for the rehearsal of the connection between the sixth and seventh song, you know that sequence he doesn't like, on the word mine. He missed it three times and left like a madman. And since then, nothing. The make-up artist waited for him, but..." and she stopped at these words, in a way where worry took precedence over everything else.
"Your wife just left you, you got drunk last night because you realized she was going to go elsewhere, you got beaten up by her new boyfriend and your tabloid  wants to fire you. No wonder, on your own, with your questions, you will lower the IQ of the entire editorial staff!
"Greg, it's me, it's Myc, I love you, Greg, I'm here, it's okay, Greg, talk to me, my love, please, I love you, I love you, I love you..."
Molly approached the musician who, since Moran had slipped a few words in his ear, seemed to have petrified on the spot, any colour having left his face. The young woman tried to put her hand on the musician's shoulder, who jumped violently when she felt Molly's fingers touching him.
Exasperated, Sherlock erased his brother's message. It was something he often did.  He had had enough of this close, continuous surveillance since he was a child. He knew that Mycroft had excellent reasons to keep an eye on him at all times. Anyway, he always had the intimate feeling that no one trusted him. Molly, his personal assistant, had also tried to reach him. He had turned a deaf ear. Baker Street was his haven, his secret garden. Not even Victor had set foot in it. Their encounters, their nights, those in which the painter demanded everything from him, those in which his body no longer belonged to him and became the object of his partner, had always taken place in the artist's studio in Notting Hill.  Baker Street was Sherlock's sanctuary. Only the very close ones, his brother, Greg and Molly, were usually admitted.
But for a few months, after what had happened with Victor, he felt that he was broken, that the mechanics were broken. Getting out of bed, when he managed to sleep, was sometimes impossible. And when he was finally up, he was so tired, he felt so empty that he absolutely needed something to find some energy. His medical staff provided him with everything he needed, with a complacency that he himself - he was not fooled for a moment - considered indecent, but in the end it was convenient for everyone to close their eyes more or less to the pills he swallowed at every turn.
But Sherlock, thwarting the planned plan, with a sudden charming smile on his face, stepped forward towards the small group.
In the doctor's office, he suddenly felt dizzy. He had wavered and would have fallen if the physiotherapist, always vigilant, had not caught up with him and laid him down on a bed.
But today, in the silence of his room, as the heavy sleep of the sedative he had been given the day before in Barts hardly left him, his fingers had wrapped themselves around his erect sex and gave him increasingly rapid movements that tore off a moaning made of pleasure and discomfort mixed. His eyes then opened and he became more clearly aware of the heat radiating between his widely open thighs. The blurred image of a face he didn't recognize was floating inside him and accentuated the desire to push his hips up, while his hand came and went all the way back and forth and dwelt in the most sensitive and already wet spot.  The sound of his panting breath finished waking him up completely. With a sudden grin of displeasure against himself, Sherlock stopped completely and forced himself to inhale deeply.
John gathered together the leaflets the discharge nurse had given them, Sherlock had barely been listening it seemed when she was there. John caught her outside and asked her advice on the best way to support Sherlock; she said many people go through a range of stages when dealing with sight loss, denial, grief and anger being common. However this was Sherlock, this was a different breed altogether. John didn’t mention this to her, and thanked her for the advice.
John leaned over to look closer, his tiredness numbing the sensation that this was possibly an invasion of Sherlock’s personal space. As he watched Sherlock’s pulse thrum at his neck he noticed Sherlock’s eyelid flicker. “Sherlock?” John watched intently, scared to move in case he scared it away. “Sherlock” John gently encouraged him and as he said his name Sherlock’s eyes moved underneath the still closed lids and he began to draw a breath through his nostrils. Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted together as John imagined the pain in his head filtering through.
When Sherlock finally stopped coughing his head was down, he raised it slowly, his eyes closed. John said softly “Sherlock, are you okay?” Sherlock’s eyes opened, facing toward John but with no recognition and his face set in a blank expression. “John” he said hoarsely “I can’t see.”
The thing was he had had a lot of time to consider what might be going on in Sherlock’s head, and without having any input from Sherlock, Johns mind was filling in the blanks. He had been in a similar situation himself, when he came back wounded from Afghanistan. His life was the army; he had immersed himself in it so much he ate, breathed and slept its routines and systems. His mind was finely attuned to the tasks at hand, he didn’t have to think about anything outside of the army, he had deep trust in his unit and close companionships with his fellow soldiers. When he was in hospital he didn’t really consider what it would be like to be outside of that, he expected that the doctors were going to tell him he could be reinstated after his recovery, the recovery that never came.
He was relieved of his shirt, tossed aside by Sherlock, before being gently walked backwards till he reached the dark green leather chair, his knees bent and he sat down, Sherlock dropped to his knees, pulled his shirt over his head in one swift move and leaned in towards John, placing himself between Johns open thighs.
“There we go then!” As Mrs Hudson poured out the tea her voice was far too high pitched. “Oh, I’ve got some biscuits downstairs, I’ll go and fetch them” and she hurried out the room. “She might not make it back upstairs,” Sherlock remarked from his chair, his voice low, without expression.  John’s lack of reply signalled confusion so Sherlock went on “with that level of pitch she’ll be short of air” he said flatly. “She’s just worried about you Sherlock” “I know, that’s the problem, you all reek of it.” He added a flick of his hand to illustrate his point. John pursed his lips and let that one go.
“That might work. The Firemaster may have been hired by the club to give demonstrations. Ask if he’d mind giving you a few tips.”
As they walked farther into the club, Sherlock said, “Do try to keep your mouth closed. You’re not supposed to be a tourist. Pretend you’re being brave for the troops.”
When they got to Baker Street, the nausea had receded somewhat, but there was still pounding in his temples and the brightness of the streetlights made him squint in agony. John paid the fare and hustled him up the steps and in the door, one arm still around his shoulder. He guided him up the steps to the flat and stripped Sherlock’s coat off. In no time at all, Sherlock was lying on the couch, while John pulled the curtains and turned off the lights. “Close your eyes and relax,” he said. “I think I have a few more things that will help.”
After everyone had finished their ablutions and were lying in bed, Irene clacked quietly away on her computer for a while and then said, “Britain says it will take two days to sweep up quietly, or three to do it silently. Preference?”
He could hear what John was describing, the seashell sound, if he concentrated, but the ice was having a soporific effect; despite the cold sliding down his chest and the back of his neck, his muscles were growing heavy and relaxed. He sagged a little more heavily against John and John held him closer, his arm warm and solid across Sherlock’s chest as he rocked them very gently from side to side. Sherlock found the motion very soothing. “We might consider biofeedback at some point,” John mused.
“Agreed on what? You harassing me, haranguing me, trying to bash your way into my—” He cut off with a choked sob and hunched over. John slid his arm around his shoulder and pulled him to his chest. Sherlock felt even worse. Here he was, an obnoxious, childish, ungrateful—
Sherlock nodded and John continued undoing him. Sherlock’s cock peeped proudly over the waistband of his pants and John made a hungry sound that made him twitch in response. “Lovely.” He drew the tip of his finger, feather-light, around the head. “Blood is definitely being drawn away from your brain. Exactly what we want. Now, the quickest and easiest way to flood your system with happy hormones is with an orgasm. And as your doctor, I’m issuing a prescription for immediate use. Lift up your hips.” John pushed his pants and trousers down as far as he could reach, then left Sherlock to finish the job. When he’d shimmied them off, as well as his shirt, he lay back against John’s chest and was startled to feel John’s bare skin against his. The warmth was intoxicating, though, and Sherlock savored it, letting his head fall back against John’s shoulder, feeling John’s chest rise and fall against his back.
It had been three weeks since their last contact from Mycroft, which could only mean trouble, Sherlock mused. When John’s mobile rang, shrill in the quiet, John shot him a look, then picked it up and said, “Sweden here.” He listened for a moment, then put it on mute and said to Sherlock, “It’s Britain. Do you want to talk to him?”
“That sounds lovely.” He stepped over the edge, Sherlock taking the sprayer and wetting him down, head to foot. He used his own shampoo and lathered up John’s short, coarse hair. He took the large soft sponge and gently worked it over his body in small circles. He slid the sponge up along his ribs and lifted his arms to get underneath eventually reaching around in a pseudo-hug to clean his back and when he reached his arse, he began to lower himself to his knees.
“I’d like to see the various positions you’re describing to me. You do seem to be having trouble getting into character, Sherlock. I’m thinking, it might help if I actually do apply a little discipline.”
John hushed him and unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt. He opened his own trousers, and between the miles of debauched detective in front of him and the sexually charged fear that he would be caught in the act, baptized Sherlock’s naked chest in less than a minute. Except for a slurped finger’s worth for each of them, he cleaned up the remnants with tissue and had them tucked under the blankets before Irene stepped a naked foot out of the shower.
“Oh. Of course.” He looked at the clerk who mimed the gesture of sliding the card. He did so and the machine flashed and beeped again.
At eight p.m. John emerged from his room, to find Sherlock on the sofa. “Well, Sherlock, you were right. If this doesn’t shout dominance, I don’t know—“
“Mmhmm. I see that the pain is occupying less of your attention. Let me see if I can eliminate it entirely, shall I?"
John cupped his hand on the back of Sherlock’s head and said, “There’s a good lad.” They held each other’s gaze for a moment longer, then Sherlock turned back to scanning the floor as unobtrusively as he could. They continued on while John related the story of Andrew’s martyrdom and the legend of King Angus. Their next stop reminded John of the pommel horse that tortured him at school.
John put both of his hands on Sherlock’s thighs and rubbed his thumbs back and forth, not quite reaching his bollocks. Sherlock bit his lip and tried to stay still and quiet, but his pelvis had a mind of its own and mindlessly pursued contact that was out of reach. His composure shattered, he began to beg. “Please, John. Please.”
Sherlock was a heavy weight across his lap. As he shifted his legs to accommodate, he felt something hard bump against his thigh. Shocked, he realized that Sherlock was aroused.
“Uh-huh. Well, let’s see. I could...” He made a ring of his thumb and forefinger and slid it over the head of his cock and gave a little twist. When Sherlock rose up to meet him, John pulled his hand away. Sherlock clenched his hands into fists and grunted in frustration.
John immediately covered the back of Sherlock’s neck with his hand, then slid it down over his back.
John cut in, “Fine. It’s all fine. Can we move this along? We’re very busy enjoying our holiday.” He rolled his eyes. “In this godforsaken hellhole. I’d rather be in Afghanistan. Or Kazakhstan, to be honest.” Sherlock growled at him. Ignoring him, John stroked his fingers down the center of Sherlock’s chest, over his stomach, and down the faint line of fine dark hair to the base of his cock, which was flushed pink and hardening, rising to meet John’s hand.
“Oh, John, really. Squeamish about your uniform? It’s the perfect outfit. It’s the only way anyone would ever believe that you’re a dom. It’s going to be challenge enough convincing anyone that I’m submissive.”
Irene clucked her tongue. “John, honestly, I thought the army would have prepared you for this type of insubordination. You’ve let him go on too far already. Watch me.”
“Any sign of our target, yet, Sherlock?” Irene murmured, as they proceeded through the foyer and into the massive ballroom.
“What in the hell…?”  He strode over and grabbed Sherlock’s wrist.  “Stop.  What are you talking about?”
But there is no explanation or remedy for it. I am yearning to be spread across the man’s ridiculously small lap with my arse bared, waiting for him to spank me. The anticipation is delicious. The sharp sound, the glorious sting, the growing heat, his tenderness afterwards…
“Oh, of course. Anything he doesn’t want to do. It’s like he’s hoping for some deus ex machina to save him.”
Sherlock exhaled.  “Fine.”  He went to the closet and pulled out John’s duffel, started packing clothes into it.  “I’m assuming that you’d rather be over in the other suite with Irene--”
In return, he’d thoroughly mapped the room, and discovered two possible exits aside from the front door (the kitchen and a door that led out to the conservatory), as well as ascertained that the broad, sweeping staircase was the main way up to the second floor.  He’d also picked out three men that looked like security, although he couldn’t tell if they were the Count’s usual or had been hired specifically for the party.
John tugged Sherlock’s leash gently. “Oh, I don’t know. I’m beginning to enjoy myself. Might be something to this domination.” John clapped Sherlock’s shoulder. “Now, where was I? You just keep looking, or rather observing, while I tell the story of Saint Andrew."
“Sorry,” John murmured. He slid his hands underneath Sherlock to cup his arse. “Guess that wasn’t as soft as I thought.”
John flushed and licked his lips, then shook his head fiercely and said, “No, we are not playing that now.”
“Appreciated,” Mycroft drawled in a tone that clearly said it was anything but. “Things have been ominously quiet here. There have been no calls for any kind of, shall we say, cutlery work and even my boldest offers of assistance have gone unanswered.”
He ran his hand over Sherlock’s bum again, then gave it a pinch. Sherlock hissed but didn’t move. John felt another nudge against his thigh. “Liked that, did you?” he murmured.
John abandoned finesse in favor of driving Sherlock to an even higher frequency with his speed and pressure. He hummed in counterpoint and the sudden vibration around Sherlock’s cock was enough to set him spilling into John’s brilliant mouth. John hollowed his cheeks and sucked every drop out of him, until Sherlock started to twitch at the oversensitivity. He licked the last drop from Sherlock’s slit before quickly loosening the bindings holding him hostage, massaging wrists and ankles and rotating joints.
John waited until he had walked away and spoke to Sherlock. “Ready, Pet?” John pointed at the bench and, Sherlock knelt on the lower level and John gently pushed him down so that he was bent at the middle, his chest over the top. John ran his hands over all the areas that Sherlock had given him license to, lifting the shirt this time, to feel the warmth of the skin below it. “Shall we try it out?”
“What do you say we take a shower,” he continued, sliding his fingers over Sherlock’s gel-slicked head, “and get all that gunk out of your hair so I can run my fingers through it property?”
John squinted for a moment, then looked down at Sherlock, who shook his head slightly. “Ah, no. He’s good for the moment. Quiet night?” There were only a few couples spread amongst the equipment that John could see. But there were so many doorways and curtains and walls dividing the space, it was impossible to tell how many men might be there.
Sherlock ignored him and shut the laptop. “We’re expected at the Yard at four.” He looked looked at his watch. If we rush we can get ravioli. Might be the last time I eat for a while. Call Angelo.”
“Hang on, don’t get your pants in a twist, I’ll be right back,” John said, the warmth in his voice belying the sharpness of his words.
Running a hand through his hair, John sighed and put the mobile down on the bed. He turned his back and went into the bathroom. “It’s your own fault, go on and talk to him.”
“Different remedies work in different ways,” John said quietly. He was using his doctor voice, the one that could soothe small frightened children and irritable consulting detectives in pain. Now he was back to working on Sherlock’s right foot, sweeping firm strokes up Sherlock’s arch, and then cupping his heel in one hand and rubbing the back of his ankles with his fingers. Gooseflesh prickled across the back of his calves and thighs. “Some, like the cool cloths and the coffee, even this gooseflesh,” John drew his fingertips, ever so softly, tickling and spreading, up the sides of his ribs, “help to constrict your blood vessels.
“I said, don’t be stupid. Or more stupid than absolutely necessary. If he would pick up the phone, I would call him!”  Mycroft’s voice sounded tinny and distant.
Once more Irene let blows fly. She looked at John and shook her head. “He knows better than that. Try again, young man.”
Sherlock took several breaths that swelled his chest, tempting John with the view of one red, engorged nipple and one pink, tight nub. True to form, John couldn’t resist touching them again, and he let his torso drag up along the length of Sherlock’s cock. That initiated some frantic grinding from Sherlock, but once John’s fingertips finished swishing over and around the very sensitive bumps he shifted back and Sherlock groaned in frustration.
“You did so well, I want this to be about you, for you,” he murmured. He kissed Sherlock deeply, running his fingers through his dark curls. Sherlock so rarely let him take control.
They spent the next two hours speaking as seriously as they ever had about things they’d never mentioned before. Sherlock didn’t tell the whole truth and he knew John hadn’t either. It didn’t seem to matter much at that moment. All of a sudden it felt like they were starting over and had all the time in the world to discover new things about one another and that things would proceed in due course. By the time the sandwiches were down to crumbs, they couldn’t keep their eyes open. They were due at The Yard mid-afternoon for tying up the loose ends of the case and John, at least, needed sleep.
“It varies, honestly. Sometimes when he needs expiation, I just keep on until I feel him release the tension he’s been carrying around. Other times I have a preset number. But these are things you’ll figure out as you go. And sometimes he’ll tell you what he needs. Right now, I would be looking for a certain amount of acceptance on his part. You’ll feel him start to relax. Go on, I’ll watch.”
He closed his eyes briefly. Why couldn’t people keep things in paper files anymore? “Have you got any suggestions?”
“Well, that’s a bald-faced lie,” he retorted, shrugging his jacket off and hanging it up in the closet.
“Shh.” He took up the sponge again and added more body-wash. He repeated the process he’d used on his front, from his waist, down the backs of his thighs, to his ankles. He followed behind the sponge with his hand on the way back up and when he reached the tight muscles of John’s ass, he lingered, scratching, brushing lightly, squeezing and then separating his cheeks. John drew in a sharp breath and again, Sherlock said, “Shh.” He gently cleaned the puckered skin he had exposed and then allowed the flow of the shower to rinse away the body wash. When he finished, he drew his finger down the cleft, brushing delicately over the entrance, causing John to tighten his muscles and one more time, Sherlock said, “Shh.” He began to kiss his back and bottom, soothing him until he felt him relax again. He pulled his hips toward him and John rested his head on his crossed arms. Feeling he had been granted a great privilege, Sherlock kissed where he had touched and could feel John’s breathing speed up. Body-wash and the new and unique scent of John, filled his senses and pushed him to go further. When he pointed his tongue and touched it to that most private place, John twitched and began to pull away, but Sherlock held him steady with one hand on his hip. He continued his exploration, finally flattening his tongue and licking broadly, top to bottom.
The bartender, happy to chat, said, “Well, like I said, it’s early. And at this party the crowd can get a little, maybe, not quite out of hand, but let’s say there will be a lot of energy flowing once things really get started.”
Back straight, shoulders square, fingers of one hand drumming restlessly on the table, John said, “No. He has not.”
To illustrate, she brought the brush down with a crack that made both men wince. In contrast to the steady rhythm she set with her hand, the hairbrush fell randomly. “Changing the rhythm sets him on edge and forces him to pay attention. Otherwise he might enter a meditative state and block out the pain. He focuses on the sensation and gets lost in it.”
After a few moments John came back into the sitting room and Sherlock heard the soft clicks as he set a cup down on the coffee table, then the bowl of ice. “There’s some coffee for you,” he said. “It’s pretty hot, so we’ll give it some time to cool.” He nudged Sherlock, who scooted up on the couch a little and lifted his feet. When John sat down, Sherlock put his feet back down on his lap. John fumbled at the top of Sherlock’s feet, then Sherlock felt his right shoe slide off. There was a dull thump as John tossed it to the ground.
“Nothing. You have to do nothing. In half an hour you’re going to be sick and I’m your doctor. You’re going to lie down and I’m going to take care of you. So shut it and,” he chuckled at his self-contradiction, “open your mouth. And no smart remarks. ”
of blades. John glanced up and saw the shadow of a helicopter, clearly descending on to the lawn in front of the castle.
They wandered slowly, pausing first at a large wooden X fitted with eye-hooks along each upper branch. Sherlock began, “This is—“
“I know, I know, it’s all I’ve got to hand right now,” John muttered. He heard a sloshing sound—presumably the cloth hitting the bowl of now-half-melted ice—and then John shifted them both so that Sherlock was curled up on his side against John’s chest, head resting on John’s good shoulder. John tugged the throw from the back of the couch and spread it over both of them.
“Sorry, one more time, can you put the chip in again?” Sherlock grabbed John’s wrist and guided the card back into the machine. Chirping, and finally, it flashed its approval. John returned the card to his wallet and picked up the handle of Sherlock’s leash.
Sherlock nodded and ran his hand over the smooth leather. The words came more easily now. “Yes, Sir. A bottom can lie parallel along the top or bend over, perpendicular in this direction, or—“
Irene was dressed in a sparkling sleeveless black dress that flared out slightly below the knees. A ruby pendant, that had to be worth a fortune, glimmered on the creamy skin revealed by the plunging neckline   John wondered if Mycroft had found that for her, and if so, if it was from the same place as his tuxedo.
Sherlock snorted. “Surely you know by now that I’m more informed than you about everything.” He walked over to the printer and picked up several sheets. He tossed them onto the table and said, “Here. We’ll enact this dynamic. Just keep it simple! Speak to me as little as possible and whenever possible, into my ear. Most of the time you should be able to get by with pointing.” He began his pre-case impatient pacing.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest—Rosie was with Molly for the evening—but before he could say anything, John wrapped a hand around his wrist and hailed a cab.
“Yes, yes.” He waved his hand dismissively and gave a condensed explanation of the scheme, including his hiring recommendation. Then he began craning his neck, already looking for  a cab. John shrugged at Lestrade.
Sherlock was still shivering at those words, coming from John’s mouth, and heard the whistling noise a split second before the crop landed on the seat of his trousers. He breathed in sharply, more in surprise at the unexpected, almost surreal aspect of the situation he found himself in.
Sherlock sipped his tea. “There has been a string of twelve credit card thefts. Well, not the cards themselves, but the data, and the commonality has turned out to be a night at the club. It took Glen’s morons an even longer time than usual to make the connection, because the thief is clever and the victims aren’t exactly forthcoming about their pastimes. As soon as he saw pictures of a few of the victims, he put it together. He says they were all, what was the term, ‘twinks’?” Feigning confusion, he looked up at John for clarification.
“Or I could…” He shuffled forward and took his erection and Sherlock’s in one sturdy fist and allowed them to rub against each other.
The DI raised his eyebrows and looked pointedly at Sherlock. He was the one who had informed Mycroft when Sherlock’s dance with his demons had brought him to the edge of the cliff. Sherlock turned his back on John and glared back at Lestrade, mouthing,
“Excellent, Pet.” Sherlock watched John’s feet as he set the knapsack on the floor and then walked completely around the horse. When he returned to Sherlock’s side, he bent over and in a low voice said, “I told you we should have discussed this before we got to this point, but things have moved faster than I thought they would, Sherlock, so I’m going to ask you now. May I touch you on your back and shoulders?”
Sherlock gestured impatiently at the phone with his head. John exhaled heavily. “I don’t appreciate this interruption,” he muttered as he pressed the button for speakerphone. “I didn’t catch that, Britain, what did you say?”
Sherlock shook his head and raised himself up. He smiled widely. “No, Sir. It was just...pleasant. I enjoyed it very much.”
“Darling, perhaps we’d better go. I think we’ve had enough excitement for one night.” Her eyes twinkled at him as she snapped her clutch closed.
Sherlock opened his mouth, and Irene held up a finger. “Not. A. Word. And now you have forty-five seconds.”
Their next stop was a piece of furniture with two upholstered benches, one below the other. John gestured toward it and Sherlock responded, “Spanking bench.”
“We don’t need room service.” John murmured, as he stroked his hands lightly over Sherlock’s thighs.
“Slow day. Thought I’d pick you up. Greg.” They wave at one another as Gordon drives off. “Get us a cab and let’s go home.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked through the peephole in the door. All the tension drained out of him when he saw who was standing there.  “Oh, it’s
Sherlock sighed and capitulated, allowing John to walk him backwards, crab-like, to his mattress on the floor. Once there, John grabbed some of the plush towels and made a cushion for Sherlock’s sore bum. He settled on his heels between Sherlock’s legs and started unbuttoning his shirt.
Once everyone had finished their meal, Irene indicated Sherlock to John with a raised eyebrow and a tilt of her head. John looked puzzled and she rolled her eyes. “Well done, Sherlock, that wasn’t so terrible, was it?”
Irene Adler sauntered in, dressed in a backless red sheath dress with matching purse and pumps.  She had an ermine stole draped over one shoulder.
Unwilling to interrupt John’s rhythm and unable to move anything else, Sherlock tossed his head back and forth on the pillow and emitted a steady high-pitched drone. Most people would have found it annoying, but from prior experience Sherlock knew that John found it positively musical. It warmed his heart and motivated him to more strenuous efforts, which was exactly what Sherlock wanted.
Sherlock glared at Irene and spoke out of the side of his mouth to John. “Standing appointment, the first Tuesday, every other month.”
“We agreed you’d eat at least every twelve hours. It makes me worry when you don’t take care of yourself.” A deep sigh.
“Yes, Sir.” John looked up to see Sherlock looking back at him. After a moment, John continued and Sherlock waited patiently until the collar and leash were removed then lifted his shirt over his head. John casually took his hand and led him to the table. When he was settled, he arranged Sherlock’s arms so that they were crossed under his head.
Sherlock groaned. He hated it when John put on his inquisitor persona like this. It was torture trying to coordinate his brain and mouth to answer questions, when all he wanted to do was surrender to the sensations.
There must have been a reply, because John snapped, “Then why are you calling Sweden? You want to speak to Bolivia, call Bolivia!”
During breakfast on the morning of the undercover, Sherlock said, “I suppose we should discuss how this evening is going to play out. And we should probably talk about limits, if you’re going to play the part of a dom.”
Eyes locked on each other, John made a lovely mess all over Sherlock’s belly and then kept his word about the rest of his promises. When he set him loose, John collapsed alongside and Sherlock curled up tight around him. John’s breath tickled Sherlock’s ear when he asked, “Maybe not such a terrible holiday after all?”
John frowned up at him from where he was lying between his legs and reached up and tweaked his nipple hard. Sherlock hissed, the mingled pain and pleasure making his cock throb.
“These are your trapezius muscles. They are frequently the locus of stress. This tightness,” he said, pressing firmly and eliciting another half-pained, half-pleasured sound from Sherlock, “is stored up tension. I’m going to try to break up the knot...right...” another groan, “...ah, there! ...by applying steady pressure…” He slid his thumbs around in circles and when the knot loosened, he moved on to the next.
Despite John’s admonition, Sherlock held off until he felt John’s breathing slow and lengthen in sleep, and then he drifted off against him, content.
Sherlock looked at him, puzzled. He shrugged off John’s arm. “We don’t need cover anymore. I’ve solved the case, somewhere back around the...wax table. I sent the signal and Gary should be here--”
Sherlock ignored the question. How do you explain to your best mate that it makes you feel closer to him to be able to see his browsing history?
He moved silently to the door, cracking it open and looking out.  No sound, no indication that their exit had been seen. He glanced back at Irene, keeping one ear tuned.
“Now, before you start, always have him recite the reasons he’s being punished. And try to use the word spanking as much as you can. He hates it. I recommend that we address the strop from earlier. If you can convince him that you mean business, you may not ever have a razor problem again.”
John thought. “If there hasn’t been anything in six weeks, he gets...testy. Two months and I’m ready to make a case out of him.”
“I was coming to warn you that the Count’s valet was heading up to the study.  Only I got there too late.  He was already there.”
“I’m more interested in his armband. Did you notice--of course not. You’re oblivious to--I mean...You’re more of a… Sorry, Sir. His is red and so are about half of the others. But a substantial number are green.”
Automatically, John said, “Greg.” He looked at Sherlock with affection. “Brilliant. You, I mean.” A puzzled look came over his face. “Wait. You knew on the wax table? And you let me keep on with the riding--”
By the time we reach Baker Street and enter the flat, I am actually trembling with excitement. John takes my coat and says, “You stink. Strip.” As I do, he prepares himself, sitting on the sofa and then patting his knee.
Irene was proud and pleased. “Well done both of you! Now John, tell him how proud you are of him. He took his spanking very well.”
John had applied both hands to his right foot, now, and was alternating strong sure strokes of his thumbs up Sherlock’s arch with firm tight circles on the top with his fingers. He stretched his toes out and John slid the fingers of one hand in between each of them, rubbing gently, and Sherlock thought he might actually explode from delight.
Sherlock stood a bit more slowly, took a deep breath and walked around to the end of the horse. He bent and did as John had asked him. He turned his head and laid his cheek against the smooth leather. It gave him a view of the floor again and he tried to focus on the men moving around authoritatively. His position was making it more difficult to concentrate than he thought it might. He startled slightly when John squeezed his shoulder. “Let me know when you’re ready to move on.”
Accepting his defeat, he grudgingly recited the litany. “I’m getting a spanking because I threw a strop.”
“Mmm.” Sherlock held the back of his head in one hand and wrapped his other arm around his shoulders and held on tighter.
The kettle whistled and John went into the kitchen. “Well, I’m more than game. Been a long time since I’ve been to a sex club. Curious to see what the kinky kids are up to these days.” He came back into the room with two mugs and set them down on the table.
When he had settled and was spread out before him, John’s fingers hovered over Sherlock’s arse. The heat was already rising off his skin and made it irresistible. He lowered his hand slowly and as he touched him, Sherlock broke out in gooseflesh. John shook his head, trying to remember to be stern. He cleared his throat and said, “Let’s review. Why are you over my lap?”
“Thank you. Now please, just try to relax. I’ll stop whenever you say so.” He continued his slow, methodical work, up and down his thighs, then calves, then lifting his feet to wash the bottoms. He rinsed, then relathered the sponge and looked up in a silent request for permission. John touched his cheek and nodded.
John shifted, his borrowed dress trousers increasingly tight. With a sigh, Sherlock slid to his knees, positioning himself between John’s legs. Incandescent blue fire blazed out at him from half-lidded eyes as Sherlock reached for his fly. John took Sherlock’s face between his hands and kissed him, gently at first, and then with more passion as Sherlock responded in kind. Sherlock began to undo John’s zipper and helped slide his trousers and pants down over his tight arse and over his swelling groin. John reached down and palmed Sherlock through his own trousers.
In his younger, more self destructive days, Sherlock was a reckless regular, until that, combined with his other habits, put him at so much risk, and alarmed Mycroft so much, that he seized him, took him up and out of range of all temptation until he was judged capable of monitoring himself. Since those days, he had mainly kept to himself. It wasn’t easy to find a sub who topped, especially with a dom as demanding as Sherlock. And if he wasn’t floating comfortably above his usual disdain for the vast majority of humanity, he was bored out of his skull.
“Oh, yes,” Irene said, smirking. “After our first few sessions, I made sure that he thoroughly understood what I considered to be unacceptable behavior.”
He watched her sashay into the tiny shower, then turned his attention back to Sherlock, who hadn’t moved from his position over John’s lap. He ran his hand lightly up underneath his shirt and e down Sherlock’s back, lingering over the heated flesh of his rump. He felt more than heard Sherlock sigh in response, and a warmth began to pool in his groin.
They interrupted one another and froze again. Finally John said, “Wow. You look amazing. I mean, considering the outfit and all. It looks great on you. I mean, you—“
“Let me see. And stop taking my laptop! You have your own!” It was true. He had gone without since the incident with the butane torch. John and Mrs Hudson had chipped in and gotten it for him, after her numerous complaints. She claimed that John’s laptop was source of their loudest and most frequent argument and suggested it as a gift and a possible solution. John had heartily agreed. However, they seemed to be exactly where they were before its arrival. “Why aren’t you using it?”
“He’s certainly, at the very least, earned himself a spanking,” Irene said, “but if he behaves, and eats his lunch, we can play this evening! How does that sound, Sherlock?”
John continued his lecture, but Sherlock could hear a smile in his voice that suggested that those effects hadn’t gone unnoticed. “Hmmm. Massage directs the blood flow away from your head and, uh, towards other areas.” John’s hand slid from the arch of his foot, over his ankle and then up the inside of his leg, his touch light and gentle, and Sherlock couldn’t stop a groan from slipping out between his teeth. “Working well, indeed.”
“It’s not exactly standard fare, Sherlock. And I can’t imagine that you’re so much more informed than I am.”
“Do you even hear yourself, John?” Sherlock sniped, seeming to have momentarily regained his normal imperiousness. “Chicken chunks? Are you actually expecting me to eat something called chicken chunks?”
“Ah!” Irene grinned triumphantly, and reached into her cleavage, pulling out a slim thumb drive.  She inserted it into the side of the laptop and began clicking and dragging things. “You were right, it was one of those dates.”
“And I’ve never topped a man. And we haven’t discussed your history. Or limits. Or mine. So let’s try five. For now. Over your trousers. And Sherlock?”
The room was three levels below ground and more of a concrete bunker than a room, an excellent place to ride out the apocalypse, should it come to that. The bellboy saw them securely inside and they closed the door against the outside world. It could hardly be called homey, but there were mattresses, canned food, running water and a toilet.
“Obviously. The punishment is for lying to get what you want, and yes, trying to trick me is lying, so no arguments.” He puts his finger over my mouth to keep me from speaking but I feel so calm and happy, I cannot be arsed to object.
He runs his fingers through my hair and I struggle to stay coherent. “Oh, it wasn’t. That was a reward. For not smoking. You see, the surveillance team alerted Mycroft that you were heading out on Greg’s cigarette break, and he sent me the footage. I observed. And I figured out what you were after. The punishment will come later.”
"Sh..., but Sally pulled herself together,... William, don't be a child, let Dr. Watson take a look. Besides, it's this Greg would like. You owe him that, don't you? "Sally then added in a white voice. "Whoever you recognize, Doctor, you are bound by the most absolute secrecy, aren't you? »
"Leave me alone," said the young man, cowering further. "Anyway, we take Greg and leave. "And he signaled to the two bodyguards who were with him all the time to establish a barrier between him and the doctor.
"Rob, go around the theater and stop in front of the door of the building next door. We'll cross through the basements to get to the room," Sally ordered. "I'll go first, Sherlock, you follow me and Rob will cover the back, okay?" she said in a voice that suffered no reservations whatsoever.
"I don't care! "Sherlock shouted loudly. It was like a teenager being stalked, trapped in his last trenches.
It was on the Mine that everything suddenly went wrong. Moriarty, who had remained completely silent until then, stopped Sherlock at the end of the first verse.
and get warm... come to safety with me." Continuing to speak very softly, Greg took a few more steps towards the musician. The wind had calmed down, the gusts had subsided and he could now hear the young man's choppy breath, still silent, still facing the void. He seemed as if he was withdrawn in himself, without any awareness of the danger.
the sheet. He would have given anything, Greg thought, to get the precious object that the musician's hand had touched. As usual, the artistic agent could not help but feel an ambivalent feeling of surprise and annoyance, almost anger.
The weight of the hand had caused him an unbearable discharge and he had jumped violently, a refusal ready to burst out of his lips. Did he still have the choice not to do the concert tonight?  Did he have even the slightest chance of not going? He felt exhausted, even if he didn't want to agree. The bad sales, the hateful papers in the tabloids, the constant pressure from the public, the paparrazzi, their incessant shootings and their indecent questions...
"Oh yes... I see..." and he turned to the others who had suddenly all fallen silent when he heard the porcelain smashing on the floor..." Are you here so I can be the good little soldier?  That I'm in line? Is that it? Is that it? "And he began to imitate Moriarty's Irish accent. "Lower, Sherlock, lower... move your hips... Is that what you want? "Sherlock continued with his usual voice. "Tube, smiles... that I obey everything? »
Uncomfortable with himself, John took up his phone again, taking a mechanical look at the Twitter trends of the moment, as if to screen out those diffuse thoughts that made him shiver without him perceiving the reasons. Suddenly, the #Sherlock hashtag flooded his screen.
and had entered the room where his companion was lying. A blow to his stomach grabbed him when, in the darkness, he saw Greg's marked face, a wide bandage covering one of his temples.  His eyes were closed, his complexion earthy.  You could barely hear him breathing. Mycroft fell to his knees to get to bed level, grabbed his hand too hot and carried it to his lips, while he felt his own heart beating painfully in his throat. And as he kissed Greg's thin wrist skin, with his right hand he gently pushed back the strands of hair that the fever had stuck to the wounded man's forehead while his left index finger had landed on his carotid artery, as if to make sure that life was there.  Words were rushing without order on his lips, in an overload of anxiety held back since he had received the message asking him to return to London urgently.
John stared at the screen, breathed in to catch his breath and pressed the arrow to start a new entry on his blog.
When they arrived at the Palladium, another group of fans was cranking in front of the entrance and started screaming when they saw the Jaguar coming,
No fooled, the physiotherapist had gently pushed him back on the bed and told him to take a few minutes off, while keeping a close watch on him. The treatment session had then resumed its normal course.  It had left him tired but he was recovering quite well. He could soon, the professional told him, move from a few night shifts in the hospital to a full-time job. Why not in that clinic where he could take care of the little ones ?  His sweetness, his smile were wonderful, according to his colleagues.
Yet not everything had always been so dark. If he had been more honest with himself, he would have known exactly when the hellish spiral began that led him to tonight’s fiasco.
But more often than not, it was a whole team more or less anonymous that gravitated around him and added to this feeling of inconsistency that had become his existence since Victor... He refrained from going further in this direction and, warming his hands against the burning mug, he sat in an armchair in front of the fireplace, his eyes in the wave, fixed towards the half-burned logs. He still had the unpleasant feeling of his sex half deflated now, but which did not allow him to forget the face of this unknown and yet already so familiar doctor because of whom he had obviously woken up, a burning heat devouring his intimacy.
Sighing, wearing a dressing gown that did not cover his ever-present erection, he headed for the kitchen that opened at the back of the living room and made himself a cup of tea. As he pulled a mug out of the closet, he froze on himself. When was the last time he did this simple task? He realized that he was constantly surrounded, at the best of times by his loved ones, Greg - and when his agent was mentioned, his heart twisted with grief - and his assistant, little Molly, so devoted.
And he had guided him patiently, for a long time... Did he suspect that Sherlock, fascinated, was already taking the measure, without knowing it himself, of his heart?
"... Still what? Pull the strings? Manipulated each other?  Fomented his power struggles to keep his label alive in the record company jungle? Gave all the attention, all the energy, I'm talking about sex of course, of which he was capable to a certain..."
"Again, Tim? But you already have one yesterday! Besides, shouldn't you be in college? "Sherlock felt a certain tenderness for the frail teenager in whom he felt a whole world of fragility. For a few months, Tim had been following Sherlock everywhere. He seemed to have made the musician his star, until he went camping from time to time at the bottom of Baker Street so as not to miss any movement of his idol. Sherlock had been discreetly informed about the teenager. He lived more or less on the street with a network of homeless people and went to college very irregularly.
Chris' voice reached him with difficulty through the rustle of his own heartbeat.  For a very short time, he had no longer been in that white room, but in that hot barrack where he had found refuge with Sholto and Fayaz, between two bombings. But he recovered very quickly and straightened up,  a smile on his lips.
In the taxi taking him to Camden, Mycroft Holmes closed his phone with a dry gesture and slipped it into the inside pocket of his jacket.  He knew he wouldn't get an answer anyway. He didn't expect it. The explanation would come later, as would the decisions that would have to be made.  There would be a price to pay for all this.  We didn't just sweep away Charles Augustus Magnussen's plans and will. The humiliation Sherlock had caused him, the debacle at the Palladium, would be punished. It was only a matter of time and imagination. Mycroft was convinced of it.
A thin smile stretched across Sherlock's lips when he saw a rainbow flag complete this publication. He was not mistaken... But he did not dwell on what was no longer a revelation. It would be time later to explore this path.  The musician preferred to focus on the pinned tweet that had been loved and retweeted several thousand times. It was so simple and heartbreaking that Sherlock felt his throat tighten.
the doctor undertook the delicate task that required great dexterity. The wound was very deep. As he injected with local anesthetic and Greg gradually fell asleep under the effect of the sedative, the doctor could hear the dark haired  man still sitting on the floor breathing too fast.
On the other side of town, John Watson, lying on the sofa facing the door, with his palm tightened on the stock of his gun, saw his mobile phone screen light up and reveal a message that initially left him in extreme perplexity. The sight of the signature made his heart jump.  An uncertain smile appeared on his lips.
Mycroft winced at the ever-present memory of that morning when he discovered his brother shivering, naked, in front of a canvas that the painter, probably in a fit of anger, had torn to pieces. Victor, whom Sherlock's singular beauty had attracted more than anything else, had become accustomed to having the young musician pose for him, stripping his body naked, demanding ever more shamelessness. That day, the broken bow of the violin lay indecently next to the young man. A purple mark marked his chest. And then... it only got worse.  Chasing the terrible evocation out of his mind, Mycroft returned to Greg and again softened his voice, full of solicitude. He leaned towards his companion who was looking at him, his eyes fogged with suffering.
Exiting the sofa, Sherlock got up, his head spinning a little. He refused the cup of tea Molly was handing him, grabbed the scarf she was handing him and rushed down the stairs where his two bodyguards, Tom and Fred, were waiting for him. Looking at the sidewalk, he saw that Rob, his driver, was waving to the fans who were camping night and day in front of the black door of 221B. He heard him exclaim.
It was the feeling of a gust of wind bringing sand into his eyes that brought John back to the dunes of Kandahar. It was already late. He was crossing Postman's Park to get to  Barts where he was on duty that night. An additional day had been added, similar to all the days he had spent since his return..
After swallowing some toast, his eyes riveted on twitter, he went to his physiotherapist, a mischievous, very big guy whose precise hands gently played his joints and gradually gave him flexibility and fluidity.
"Sherlock," Greg continued as he approached a step, "talk to me. You're soaked in the rain. You'll get cold. Come
Sherlock, who, from that first meeting, had collided with him about the words of a chorus he didn't like, could not help but recognize his talent. He was a brilliant author, whose sharp words found the right setting in Sherlock's compositions. The two men had worked together with some difficulty: each one attacking intelligence and sarcasm, each trying to dominate the other but, finally, they had written some songs together. Magnussen had forced his hand on one of them, Mine, a bewitching melody in minor tone on which James had written disturbing words about loving submission. Sherlock didn't want to sing it on stage, it required too much commitment. He had the feeling that
of everything and anything,) the microphone in front of the curtain, the huge speakers hanging on either side of the stage, the projectors sweeping the audience in every direction.  A score that had slipped to the ground seemed to attract the lust of Tim, a fan. From where he was, Greg could see his silhouette dressed entirely in white, probably as a tribute to the cover of the last album.  The young man had leaned on the edge of the stage, he was about to climb up, and only the two hands of a friend who held him firmly behind, constituted the rampart that prevented him from rushing
He suddenly pushed the sheet back and forced himself to stand upright, while the unfinished pleasure was still beating in his painfully erect sex. Forcing himself to look away from himself, Sherlock stood up, and automatically looked for eyes on his bedside blister of pills prepared by his staff that helped him to hold on in the senseless rhythm that his life had taken over the past two years, chaining periods of composition, studio recording, promotion, TV sets and tours. But, as he was about to take a stamp, recently heard words suspended his action.
When, an hour later, the scale was finally finished, Greg was on the verge of panic. Sherlock had been brilliant, incredibly deep in his basses, stroking every chord change of his exceptional baritone, moving from key to key with disconcerting ease. But, if his voice had once again worked miracles, his attitude had been even more detestable than during the last rehearsal, sending everyone back into their ropes. His last spade really threw a cold on the set. He was very good at deducing a lot of embarrassing truths about people, from the most improbable clues, a subway ticket hanging out on a desk, a reflection in a mirror, half-effaced letters on a piece of jewelry, a paper that protruded from a pocket...
The pain in his hand kept him from sinking. He remembered very well why the anger he felt towards himself had pushed him to smash the mirror a few hours earlier. He had tried to get rid of the image that was pursuing him, that of this doctor, whose indecipherable blue eyes that carried as much determination as sweetness in them, came back again and again to the forefront, as if it prevented him from thinking, as if it prevented him from being himself.
Greg had understood the message, his anger had deflated and there was nothing left but the dull worry that had not left him since he saw the young man gradually sink.
brought you your scarf. You know, the blue one, the one you like..." He left his words hanging, hoping that the young man would turn around and catch him. But Sherlock, without answering, kept his back
"All Mr. Magnussen wants", and he insisted heavily on this last word, "all he wants is for you and Moriarty to present the title Mine at the Awards, hand in hand, the composer and the author. He wants the Song of the Year Award and that's what he'll get. You know his methods.  What he wants, he gets. Always. All you have to do is put the means into it.   Besides, I came up with a tight promotion plan, starting next Monday. Kitty, would you like to present the rollout? »
Obviously, at first glance, he understood that he was a former military doctor who had returned from the front shortly before. There was a stiffness in his posture that did not deceive. The rigidity of the shoulders demonstrated both the long habit of the posture required by the function and the reason for its removal. He had been wounded. His left shoulder was still painful, weeks after demobilization. It was obvious from the way he was throwing his back a little bit. The dark circles, the thinness under the coat, the imperceptible claudication had, in a moment, revealed to him the difficult nights haunted by nightmares and empty, meaningless days. But the extreme precision of the hands, the economy of the gestures spoke for themselves and told of the expeditions in the desert and the number of soldiers cared for in the sand.
"Are you cold, Mr. Lestrade? It's normal, it's the shock; it'll get better in a few minutes. Wait, I'll fix it. "He waved at the nurse who covered the wounded with a light blanket. "This is what we're going to do now.  I'll give you a mild sedative to help you relax and I'll suture your wound, while Julia and Kathy cast your ankle, okay? ».
Quickly, John typed into the browser Sherlock Holmes and arrived on the musician's website, sciencedurock.com. What he discovered was a thousand miles from what one could expect to find. It was not the agreed list of concert dates and albums already published or to come out, but entire pages devoted to research on the different trends in English conceptual rock, as if this site was not an emanation of the artist's promotion but rather a completely personal content. It was not surprising, given the demands and severity of the subject, that the visit marker was so weak, John thought, more and more intrigued.
Deep down, Sherlock knew that the author was right, that he wasn't giving himself enough to this song, that his inflections were still below what they could have been. The text resonated too intimately with him. It was simply unbearable. He was exposing himself. His hands, shaking again, grabbed the microphone, he waved to the drummer to pick it up again.
I see you've been thinking about Tim, you know your young fan... He's going to see you in your best condition tonight... Nice show, for a teenager...
"Fifteen minute break, everyone." Greg announced.  The musicians carefully rested their instruments, the stage manager began to discuss some details with the technical team. Andrew began to circulate among the two of them by distributing sandwiches, coffee and soft drinks.
"Of course you don't care, you only think about yourself, as usual... The others are never your problem, are they? Not even your musicians or Molly of course... You know very well that we're on the edge... Everyone's counting on tonight's concert to get the machine running again. If you keep playing the diva, you'll get yourself killed. And you're going to drag the whole team into your slump... There are people who need to pay their bills, you know... people who do their jobs without swallowing tons of pills. Give them to me," Greg said, stepping forward towards Sherlock who had turned white when he heard the accusations.
But a few hours later, that day, the whole team arrived without warning.  Molly of course, but also the number two of Underground records, Sebastian Moran, Magnussen's handyman, always confined to lowly works.  Tom and Fred, his bodyguards had made their reappearance, discreet, solid, always there when it was necessary... and also when it was not necessary. Two real pots of glue.  And then there was Kitty Reilly, the press secretary, on the phone, flanked by her own secretary. The physiotherapist and the coach had arrived last, with, on their shoulders, the Underground communication manager and the two trainees who never left him.   The apartment was crowded.  It was unbearable. Sherlock would have given anything to sneak into his room and find some silence. His whole body was screaming at him to get what he needed from the drawer at his bedside. The musician wiped the palm of his wet hands on the blue silk of his long robe and tried a discreet escape. But Molly, who was on her way to the kitchen to make tea, blocked his way.   Moran, on the other hand, had set up on the sofa to start a videoconference with the Major's artistic director. It was about the arrangements on the current album and especially on the track Mine. He kept looking at Sherlock with cold eyes, disgusted.
It had been a week since the two men had had this conversation. After a really tense studio session where the young man had pulled the drummer out of his hinges, despite his fluctuating moods, Greg and Sherlock had returned to Baker Street, to the tiny baroque and improbable pied-à-terre that the musician wanted to keep near Regent's Park at all costs, despite the magnificent three hundred square metre duplex that the production rented for him in Belgravia and where he was almost ceased to exist since recent events.  In the car, the tension had increased an extra notch between Sherlock and his agent. Greg had closed the window and pulled the curtains so that Rob, the driver, could not hear anything. He had
When he woke up, he needed a period of time to rebuild himself, especially on nights when the shadows brought him back to Sholto and Fayaz and in Pashto, he heard the pleas of the wounded. Ella had given him a protocol to follow. Open your eyes. Let the light in. Breathe deeply. And get up right away. Move. Breathe again. Drink as much as possible. Bar what he had done to measure the actions accomplished. Get dressed. He had 30 minutes for this ritual. He clung to the watch dial like a drowned man at a lifebuoy. And the whole day was sequenced like that. Ella had told him that soon he would find his own rhythm, that the desires would follow, that he was for the moment in between. He had to accept to give himself time, allow himself pleasure, allow himself to live. She had advised him to open a blog and write down what he was doing. He had been standing in front of a blank page for weeks.  He had seen a few former buddies of his rugby team again, gone to rehabilitation meetings for former soldiers, performed night shifts three times a week at Barts' emergency room, held a duty at the local infant clinic every Monday, but he felt that he was doing nothing, that his life had remained there in the Afghan mountains, in those villages bombed by shelling where he was trying to calm the terrified screams of children when he took the enemy machine gun from their wounded bodies.
"Sally...? He left his question open. Years of close collaboration around the composer had made words useless. Sally shook her head in a denial movement.
And now, as he was at the height of exasperation, lying down, eyes closed, on his sofa at home on Baker Street, repelling the familiar anxiety that had not failed to form when the painful evocation had imposed itself on his memory. He was nevertheless, on the verge of finding this measure, when Molly, two fingers resting on the earpiece that permanently connected her to the rest of the outreach team, had pressed her hand on his shoulder, breaking by her gesture, however soft and attentive, any possibility of grasping the notes that he had missed.
Everything mixed in him in a crazy waltz.  Tim's eyes, filled with that crazy devotion that almost scared him... the inspiration that was desperately escaping him... the sales that kept falling... the pills he was taking to feel better... that song, Mine, that put him in a state of intolerable vulnerability every time... Greg, finally, so concerned and yet, he had knowingly hurt his relationship with Mycroft by his inappropriate allusions. Sherlock refused to think more about his brother and Greg. Too much guilt...
On Tumblr, where he hosted his own blog, he found, instead of press photos, fanarts evoking Sherlock.   Most of them were drawings that celebrated and revealed the beauty of the musician's body, his slimness, the paleness of his complexion, his flexibility.  John blushed in front of one of them where Sherlock had been pencilled naked on a sofa. The doctor suddenly closed his phone, walked to the bathroom and got rid of his hospital clothes. His heart was racing. He finally dared to raise his face and contemplated himself in the mirror. His own reflection surprised him. His eyes, so tired for months, shone with emotions that he could not explain and a redness had spread to his face. And as he looked at himself, as if he was seeing someone he didn't recognize, intense heat spread to his stomach.
Obviously, in the eyes of everyone lately, he seemed to have become even more capricious than usual, but Sherlock knew deep down that it wasn't that and that there was something else more. Only Greg understood of course. Sherlock had guessed it by his way of being even more vigilant, by his interrogating glances, by his vain attempts to make him talk.
body. He avoided looking at his shoulder in the mirror. The injury was too recent. Even if he was no longer in pain, he could not look at the damaged flesh without hearing the laughter of his torturer and the words coming out of his mouth in Dari, promising inevitable pain.
His hand was throwing it. When, the day before, he had punched the mirror in his bathroom with his fist, the force of the blow had lacerated the skin. And earlier the boiling water from the teapot had not helped. The last hour had been terrible. Moran's half-veiled threats, the pressure he felt on others, and above all the immense feeling of guilt he felt towards Greg, who, much more than his agent, had become over the past few years the one who kept him on his own and allowed him, by protecting him from external attacks, to make him express his talent and creativity, had finished undermining his last defenses. While the apartment was filled with the rustling of each other's conversations and Moran's obnoxious words were being heard, he felt an irrepressible need to flee, to withdraw into himself, to seek a moment of peace that he knew, even if it was artificial and temporary, would at least save him some time. He pushed back without saying a word Molly, the only one who hadn't left the apartment, and locked himself in his room. He threw himself on his bed, his temples beating, a vague nausea on the edge of his lips, while he still felt Moran's breath in his ear and the word "obey" resounded in him. It was only after he had swallowed the two pills lying on his bedside that he felt the vice compressing his forehead loosening. The desire to vomit nevertheless remained at the bottom of his throat, increased by the pungent taste of the pills supposed to reduce the anxiety that crackled in him in incoercible waves.
"No, don't touch; we'll give you something for the pain. It's going to be okay. You don't have anything too serious. How are you feeling?  Do you know where you are?  Look at me. Can you tell me your first name?" And when his patient didn't answer, John insisted.  "Tell me your name. "He bent down to grasp the murmur that was leaking from the lips of the wounded man.
"I think he's still asleep, Mycroft. We must be quiet. Dr. Watson said he was very shaken up, that he needed to rest as much as possible. »
"Greg," began the guitarist, in an exasperated voice, "it's no longer possible... we should have started forty minutes ago. Do you hear them? They'll break everything if he..."
"It's not William, it's Sherlock," replied the musician, and as he said these words, he had leaned his two hands on the doctor's chest to free himself from his wrist. With a movement less flexible than usual and wobbly a little, he nevertheless stood up. "Thank you for your advice, Doctor," he added in a tone that John felt ironic, "and since we're talking about sleep, John - his eyes had slipped on the badge attached to the white coat and to the phone John was holding in his hand - you should stop taking too many night shifts to escape your nightmares and Afghan memories... and if you want to take care of someone, I suggest you look at your brother Harry, because he obviously has alcohol problems.
But Greg cut it off and asked his assistant in a white voice who, coming from the side slide, had moved towards him.
John rubbed his patient's sternum firmly to make him come to. With a moan of pain, he finally opened his eyes. As he tried to hold his hand towards his temple, which obviously made him suffer a lot, John gently stopped his gesture.
It was a burning heat in the most intimate part of himself that suddenly woke Sherlock up. His left arm was thrown on the pillow above his head, but his right hand was on his sex, which had not been so sensitive for months. In the room darkened by the curtains that barely let the daylight through, without him really being aware of it, still half asleep, he let his hand wander, almost in spite of himself, in a slow and caressing movement and, as the heat increased, a surprising question gradually emerged from his consciousness. Since Victor, he had not had to stop himself from doing what his lover, jealous of his pleasure, forbade him what he had accepted, more or less willingly, but finally by submitting to the request. Since then, no spontaneous desire had manifested itself. Their last moments had been so tormented that all desire seemed to have abandoned him, as if his body had guessed the inner wound still raw.
John, amazed, scrolled through the tweets, his hands sweaty. He couldn't believe his eyes. Suddenly, the pieces of the puzzle came together. He understood in a split second why someone had tried to hide the identity of the young man, the presence of bodyguards, the face hidden in the collar of the coat. New tweets came along, each more hateful than the next. It was a flood of violence and insults that John then discovered with surprise. The forced distance of the last three years had prevented him from becoming aware of the musician's notoriety and escapades. The name Sherlock Holmes meant almost nothing to him, and in any case, if he had very vague feelings of having heard it one day, he didn't connect it with that of a rock star.  With his heart racing, he switched from Twitter to the web and fell on the singer's Facebook pages. There, the "Sherlock, we love you" replaced the insulting words but if these pages reflected the passion of the fans, they also revealed in hollow the immense pressure that was weighing on the artist.
When he arrived in his apartment, John quickly got rid of his jacket, made tea and opened his computer. The counter of his blog had jumped again, since he had posted the text on the young English soldier who had disappeared the previous week. There were hundreds of small messages, sometimes just icons or smileys and of course, as always, reviews of SoldierForEver, so accurate, so poignant that within a minute, with a tight throat, the doctor, when reading them, was unable to catch his breath.
"I'll leave you," Greg ends without answering directly, his voice tired, opening the door to get out.  "Since you don't seem to care much about our..." He stopped and then took over "... of all the interest I have in you, I leave you with dear Moriarty for the spinning. One last thing... I'll meet you in your dressing room half an hour before the curtain rises... Please try to eat and sleep for twenty minutes. Look at you. Look at you. You're scary as hell." He closed the door behind him, without slamming it. Sherlock then slowly raised his face towards the mirror. The reflection returned terrified him. Searching his pocket with a shaky hand, he took out an extra pill and swallowed it immediately. Anyway, it no longer had any effect on him. And he needed this to go rehearse Mine with Moriarty.
The journalist had leapt above his desk with a deadly look, haunting heavily, seized with rage, but the musician, with an iron fist that one would not have guessed at his high and fragile figure, grabbed his arm and violently twisted it back, tackling the man to the wall and whispering in his ear:
"Do you have your earpiece, Sherlock? You don't see him, but James is in the front row. He supervises the placement of texts.  You start with The Lake, you follow with Silence, then..."
It was as if a threatening signal had been given. Moran replied in a frosty voice, waving to everyone to prepare to leave, with a condescending gesture of the hand.
Sherlock had therefore gone from apathy to a state of unusual overexcitement. On the stage, everyone was making a round back, waiting for the storm to pass. But as the minutes went by, the tension increased and the balance ended in a climate of aggressiveness that did not herald anything good for the spinning that would follow.
Greg looked at the musician - he had lowered his face and splashed it in cool water - he was full of an anger that would have pushed him to slap him, if deep down it wasn't worry that was much more prevalent. It wasn't screaming and violence that was going to help Sherlock at that very moment. He needed something else. He then spoke again very coldly, and because he knew it was a blow that would hurt him very much but might make him think, he added:
His head swam with sensation. Warm skin, even through the sequinned dress. Swell of hip leading to plush, round arse. Lush scent of vanilla and tropical flowers. Feather-light touch on his cheek and jaw, followed by the blunt scratch of enameled nails. Slick slide of lipstick. Gentle caress on his mouth, tip of a velvet tongue teasing at his lips. Her thighs snug against his, moist heat against his groin. He groaned and his hands slid involuntarily up her back, fingers tracing the soft curves.
