Time means nothing without daylight and routine, the date is lost with nobody on Earth to keep track.
He does. His life means something when he can save people with it. He’s a damn good hunter, and it might not be the life that he would have chosen if it weren’t for Chuck’s presets, but he enjoys it. Might not be a perfect life, but it’s better than being a desk jockey for 40 years.
Dean held a fucking gun to the kid’s head, locked him in a magic box and was fully committed to tossing it in the ocean. Numb with grief or not, Dean made those calls. And he hasn’t exactly owned up to those choices since.
Dean never thought of that before. Just assumed Benny would be kickin’ ass and takin’ names like when they ran together. He hadn’t really thought about how teaming up with a human made Benny, what; a class traitor, persona non grata.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Sam says, gentle enough to wound. “Whatever made him happy. I am so fucking sorry.”
“I mean, Angel Tablet would’a been better, probably, but make do with what we got. It was dictated by the big guy himself, right? I figure it’s worth a look, at least.”
And Sam has been wrong before. Really wrong. The most wrong it's possible to be. He’s been utterly convinced he was on a righteous path more than once only for reality to slap him in the balls. The road paved with good intentions and all that.
“Yeah,” Sam says, quietly. “Yeah. I mean, it- it sounds like he thinks he’s doing the right thing here. But does he really
He goes to lay in the dark of his bedroom. Stares blindly at the ceiling. Even manages to zone out listening to the hum of the showers running down the hall. But eventually the water cuts off, and without the white noise to quiet his thoughts there’s exactly zero chance Dean will actually drift off.
They pull the plates, follow Soccer Dad home and end up smack in the middle of some seriously fucked up family drama. The prodigal son is a vampire and mommy and daddy are down to murder his classmates so long as he stills gets into a top 5 college.
“I don’t know,” Cas sighs. “Eremiel is reasonable, he’ll hear me out at least. But. The Angels that are left mostly keep to themselves. They refused to stand with God against the Darkness, and he abandoned them again shortly afterwards. They may once again choose to
It's a bit of a double-edged sword. On the one hand, Cas often understands Dean on a deeper level, gets him better than even Sam does sometimes. On the other, Deans a dick who lashes out at people he cares about instead of dealing with his own shit. Which is exactly what he did.
“Some things you just need to deal with alone,” he says instead, and he doesn’t know if he’s still talking about Hell.
Knowing it was all part of Chuck’s fucked up narrative makes it worse, because his story was never going to end in Hell. Thirty years of non-stop torture and then ten years that were so much worse, and it was just a side-note in the apocalypse, a plot point in Chuck’s story.
“Hmm,” Dean hadn’t thought of that. He tries to think of Heaven and the shattered remains of the God Squad as little as possible, as a rule. “You really think they’ll help us over the big G-man?”
They both look dead on their feet, worn down to their very bones. Still frantically searching for any kind of solution. Dean should help them, should take over while they rest. Should help everyone who got Thanos snapped away, all their friends and everyone they ever saved and all the lucky bastards they never met. But he can’t bring himself to care.
Ashley is Dean’s favourite kind of witness. She’s sweet and cooperative, and as soon as Sam gets the nurse out of the room, she spills her guts with almost no prompting. She doesn’t go into denial the second he mentions werewolves, and - Even better! - she saw the attacker face to face and she knows his name.
Donna calls them in on a vamp nest which turns out to be two rival pairs of vetalas in a turf war. It’s interesting enough that Sam doesn’t even complain about not going back to the bunker in between, and Donna insists they go for milkshakes to celebrate after so, win/win.
Screw food, Dean heads for the liquor instead. A couple fingers of whisky don’t stop the anger bubbling in his throat, boiling in his blood, but it does clear his head enough that he knows he’s being irrational. Cas is obviously fine without them, without
“What about Jack?” Sam asks, warier now. Dean can practically hear the cogs in his head working. “He’s in God’s book?”
“Nuts is good,” Dean says, and that’s all the prompting she needs to dish on the local urban legend.
“Can you be more specific?” Cas says, and Dean almost wants to laugh at the colossal level of attitude in those five simple words.
They run a quick vamp case on the way back into Kansas, and while they’re wiping down their machetes in an abandoned farmhouse Dean has an epiphany. Two, even.
“Grab one and lets get out of here,” Dean says, keeps his gun aimed at the douchebag just in case he tries anything again while Cas’ back is turned.
“Wait. So you were in Hell?” Dean says. There’s a pattern emerging here. God really is a capricious dick. “But you didn’t make a deal, you were innocent! You been down there this whole time?”
Dean tries not to take it personally. He hates the dank little archive rooms anyway, and if Cas wants to give him the silent treatment and avoid him like a petulant toddler, well.
If Dean can take out the frontrunner, they can score big and get out before their luck turns and they’re sucked into the background of this place like everybody else.
It’s not a great solution, they both know that. But it’s something. It’s better than the alternative.
That’s a good question, a no doubt vitally important one, but it’s been a helluva week and Dean can’t muster the brain power right now. Right now, he just knows that Death commands respect and Billie has proven herself worthy of that respect.
“Just saying, if it was to work. Eileen, y’know, she gets it. She gets us, she gets the life. She’s hot!” He twitches his eyebrows for good measure.
“You selfish fuck!” he yells, and his voice cracks and he doesn’t care because nobody is gonna hear him anyway. “How
Keeps one eye on the tree line for any moving shadows, but the bank itself is wide and open and he can see the path is clear a good two, three hundred yards ahead.
“We’ll work something else out,” Dean placates. God, he sounds like Sam. But he means it. “We’ll get him.”
Dean doesn’t know what they expect him to do. There is no escaping this, no deals to be made or tricks they can pull. He doesn’t know what to fucking do.
And that's when it clicks because Sam shouldn’t need to Fed up to get in to Rowena’s apartment and Dean only knows one guy who consistently pings people's weird radar. Cas.
Cas nods stiffly and heads back towards the infirmary and what can Dean do besides follow him. He needs to check on Sam at any rate.
When Sam tells Dean Michael found a new lead over the breakfast table and doesn’t mention the Castiel shaped wisp sitting on the bench, Dean figures Sam can’t see it.
“Uh, sure. Thanks,” he says, knowing full well he won’t take her up on the offer. He grabs his spoon and his ice cream soup, melted now. “I’m gonna head back to bed. ‘Night.”
“Look, I don’t know how all this works but I know how it ends. We,” she emphasises, gestures at herself, “go crazy. We
Dean spots the student parking sticker in the windscreen of the car from the photo, and, yep, there’s Angela in the trunk.
“Samuel, please,” she cuts him off immediately. “You killing me was one of the best things that ever happened.”
“Disappointed?” Dean says, snaps his eyes back to the dispersing grey cloud on the floor. “You just iced one of your own reapers!”
Also, I haven’t replied to any comments this week, 14 weeks isolation are kicking my ass and I haven’t had the spoons, but I really appreciate everyone who takes the time to comment - I reread them all the time, so thank you so much!!
They head back home to resupply, but they don’t linger. Cas doesn’t seem to be back, so Sam scribbles a hasty note while Dean packs the car.
He joins Sammy at the bar for a celebratory glass of free water, but he quickly sours Dean’s brief taste of victory. Apparently while Dean was busy winning them back some desperately needed good luck, Sam was getting cryptic warnings from the bartender.
And sure, he parks in front of that hydrant every time, maybe it’s just the inevitable conclusion to a bad day, but then he gets home and Sam is ghost-pale and germy and somehow managed to burn both his hands, spoil dinner
Dean was grateful at the time but it feels a little awkward now, over a year later. Garth, though, is a saint, and forgives them without pause. Pulls Dean in for a hug like always, even if Sam pulls the sick card.
“This thing smells like it’s gonna kill me,” Dean grumbles, tilts the severed tentacle towards Cas. “This what we need?”
Adam had asked. And maybe he’s right, maybe he’s right, but Dean can not go back ten years and save Adam from the cage.
“Damn it,” she mutters to herself, and the both of them watch the coins flash with whatever magic runs this place.
“Double?” Dean says. He shares a look with Sam over the goddesses shoulder. Reminds him, “That’s how the cowboy died.”
It wasn’t exactly smooth sailing for Sam, and he’s the strongest man Dean knows. Adam was a civilian, a kid yanked from heaven who missed his mom. He wouldn't have survived.
They have to throw this spell together and rescue Sam, and if Dean excels at anything it’s stowing his own crap to look after Sammy.
“Look,” Dean says, powers through the fuzziness in his head. “I don’t know what’s going on okay, but this is not you!”
“You sure about that? Maybe it was part of the plan you know.” But maybe Sam doesn’t know. Maybe Sam doesn't get just how much this is fucking Dean up. “That’s the thing, man! I don’t know what’s God and what isn’t. And its driving me crazy!”
-” The red blossom, knew it! “-Cas has some issues with Chuck threatening people we care about? After what he did to Jack?”
“I just thought. We know Donatello can sense Chuck’s presence, right? But with him compromised, there’s only one place that monitors those kind of wavelength anomalies; Heaven.”
The crowd cheers. Dean’s shares a look with Sam across the room, sees his brother mirror his own sigh of relief. Fast Eddie does it again.
She doesn’t deny having the Occultum, which is refreshing, but also doesn’t help them until they pull out the angel blades. Turns out Jo was buddy-buddy with Sam’s demon ex and, holy shit, Donatello was right, they really don’t do anything simple.
Sometimes it feels like all his emotions link back to that anger at his core - when he’s worried, he gets angry, when he’s caught out he gets angry, when he’s grieving, he gets angry.
But the blood has reached the end of the tube, is dripping down into the cage and the marid or whatever rears it’s head, sniffing at the blood then lapping it up and Dean knows he’s got to get out before the blood-loss kicks in.
“Hey,” he shouts blindly, halfway down the stairs, not really knowing what he’s gonna find at the bottom--
Jody is exactly where she said she’d be, tied up and gagged in a stinking old barn but alive, she’s alive.
When they whispered about getting away from the weight of their respective families' revenge quests, away from hunting altogether, escaping the inevitable bloody end they watched hunter after hunter, friend after friend fall into.
Dean has fucking had it with higher powers dumping this heavy shit on their laps and leaving them to deal. Dad’s deathbed truthbomb about Sam’s psychic demon crap; the angels signing him and Sam up to be Mike and Luci’s Apocalypse Day Parade dresses; Metatron leading them on about closing the Gates of Hell; Amara pulling their mother from heaven and then peacing the fuck out.
Dean can’t quite believe its real, has to pull Cas in close to make sure and screw that they’re not on hugging terms he needs to
Alex has work in the morning, and Patience has school so they both wish them goodnight and turn in fairly early. Jody sets them up in the guest room before doing the same. Full of good food and piled with thick blankets, Sam passes out almost immediately.
Dean grabs a beer, slumps down at the kitchen table. Sam opts for pacing irritably between the doorway and the counter and back again.
Cas gives him a small smile, thankful, maybe, that Dean is letting him have this without trampling all over their fresh, tentative peace. That alone makes Dean double down on his resolution to do better.
Lorna comes by with a couple beers, Lee grins at her and says loudly, “Yeah, Deano, you always were awkward around pretty girls.”
“I wasn’t,” Dean starts, but he was. Kill Jack before he could hurt anyone else and kill himself in the deal before he ever had to feel the guilt. He
If the leviathan took Cas to Eve, Dean doesn’t even know where to begin looking. Purgatory is vast, endless and mostly nondescript. There isn’t a single landmark Dean can think to look for that might be a basecamp or an outpost or anything.
“Okay, great,” Dean wrestles his temper back, just barely. “Look, Cas, I could use your help with a lead.”
Cas’ shoulders bunch up a little self-consciously, but he tilts the screen so Dean can see. He'd expected research, maybe case hunting, but no. It’s a photo of Jack, smiling lopsidedly with a spoon dangling from the corner of his mouth. Cas swipes to the next shot; similar but the spoon is missing and Jack’s eyebrows are furrowed, then a third; a full gummy grin, what looks like strawberry ice cream smeared across his cheek and nose.
“It’s instructions for how to look out for us soft, squishy humans if God isn’t there to watch our backs, yeah? So, what if it also has notes on how to get rid of him in the first place, huh?”
“I, uh,” he fumbles, then sets his resolve and straightens his spine. “I don’t think we should take him to the dungeon.”
The Kwik Trip is only a few blocks away, easier than finding parking in Lebanon proper, and it has enough basics to get them by for a few days. The store is deserted besides Teddy behind the register and the kid isn’t much for forced small-talk, which Dean appreciates in a cashier.
Sam leaves him staring blindly at the pages of symbols across the map table, lines running into lines, a mass of unreadable nonsense--
“Learned it from my brother,” Sam says confidently, and Jesus H Christ, Dean is proud of the kid. Proud of the man his kid brother has grown in to.
This, though… This is the kind of sacrifice Dean has made himself, when him and Sam were at their absolute worst together and Dean’s life was only good as collateral in a suicide play. Dean has enough regrets to fill the Bunker’s archives twice over, but the two years he spent bearing that mark are some of the biggest.
Patience appears from the kitchen with plates and napkins, and the three of them chatter between themselves while they work.
Firstly, thank you so much for all the comments on the last few chapters! Life is, well, life, and I haven't had chance to reply to them for ages, but I read them all and they are all appreciated so so much!
“I--I lo---” he can’t breathe, the words choking him, so many, and maybe that’s not the place to start.
It was always just make believe though, or it was for Dean, who’d had his chance to get out and hadn’t taken it.
For the first in a long time, he thinks of Heaven. His personal paradise, and Sam’s, adjacent but so, so different they might as well have been in a galaxy far far away. He doesn’t know if that was even real, used to think it could have been another one of Zachariah’s tricks, but it could have been Chuck fucking with them back then too. Real or not, the look on Sam’s face sure was, when he said he didn’t see family the way that Dean did.
The waitress is helpful, if a little handsy, and she talks Dean out of his phone before she tries to talk him into her pants.
That’s when he spots the basket of phones tucked neatly under the bar, still a few left in it. He fishes his own out numbly, and that’s when he day goes from worse to
“Well then what does it matter?” Sam doesn’t quite shout, but it’s a close thing. Dean turns off the grill like he hasn’t noticed.  “If our options are to take a chance now and maybe he kills us if we fuck it up, or hide away for a bit longer binging netflix and dry cereal until he’s
Sure, they worked with her once or twice before. They knew she was a good hunter. But closing a case in a couple days isn’t the same as living this crap 24/7, and the average hunter life doesn’t really measure up to the Winchester standard of fucknuts crazy, not after years of steadily escalating threats.
If Chuck wants to kill them, he could just fucking kill them. But he hasn’t, because he’d rather play his stupid games.
A few of the more rag-tag looking fellas seem like they might be weighing him up, but it’s the older woman at the bar that downs her drink and saunters over.
Dean always thought they’d address it later, when things settled down and the world stopped ending and… he screwed it up so badly that Cas didn’t even think there was a
The first leg of the journey is familiar territory; up through South Dakota, North Dakota and over the border into Manitoba like when they drove Jody to Asa Fox’s funeral. They only have to stop twice for Baby, which is better than Dean was hoping for, but it’s almost four hours added to an already excruciating three day trip and when they call it a night and settle in to
“Shit,” Sam says, with feeling. Slams his book shut, runs his hands frustratedly through his princess hair.
“I- I dunno,” Cas stammers, casts a panicked look around but nothing has changed except that Dean is pacing the three steps between the alter and the pew. “I guess we wait to see if Jack comes back and--”
“I owed him my life,” Dean says. Cas’ too. And Bobby’s soul, “And he sacrificed himself to get Sam outta this place.”
Joey looks at him for a long time, then polishes off his drink and heads for the red table. Dean knows he’s picked the right mark when the other players start to gather round - they want to see the star player in his element.
Dean hasn’t actually read the recipe; it’s in Enochian and even if he felt like translating, the paper Michael gave them is still tucked away in Cas’ coat.
He cracks the door just enough to throw the head through, gives Lee a minute to process and then kicks it the rest of the way open.
“What did you do to him?” Dean demands, jumping to his feet. He hasn’t seen Sammy this absolutely destroyed since he was ready to die to seal Hell in that abandoned church.
Then Old Man McKidnapper has the fucking nerve to say, “You don’t have children do you?” and the world tilts anyway.
is being generous - it’s fifteen houses and a diner huddled together against the endless frozen wilderness on all sides. But it’s also the last settlement marked on the map between here and the end of the road, and Dean ate the last sandwich three hours ago and he’s famished.
“But, you and Claire found each other. She has you now,” Cas continues, and Jody softens, eyebrows, lips, shoulders all loosening at once. “If something goes wrong with this rescue, and Kaia isn’t saved? Claire will be devastated, but she’d survive. She already has. But if she loses you both…”
Even if they'd only thought he was a drunk prophet at the time, that's always been Dean’s go to argument for free will.
Because they don’t exactly know what they’re looking for it’s even more tedious than usual. Everything might be something, so they have to follow it up. The three of them trade off on referencing and cross-referencing and then it usually turns out to be a bust anyway.
Sam smiled. “Yea…maybe. Anyway, Jack wouldn’t have let Dean rot in hell. Not after everything. No, he’s gotta be in heaven,” he said half-heartedly.
Sam gave him a proper hunter’s funeral. He found an isolated spot in Kansas, a spot that Dean would have picked out. He chopped the wood, wrapped the body, and placed it on the pyre. Before lighting the fire, he prayed to Jack so he would not be alone, not really.
He was half tempted to pick “Earth Angel” but thought better of it. “Too soon”, he thought. He ultimately chose a safer route and picked “Shout” by the Isley Brothers.
When Bobby mentioned Cas, Dean was thrilled to know that his best friend was not rotting away being tormented in “super-hell”.  He figured Jack must have rescued him from his own eternal damnation and immediately put him back to work in restoring heaven to all its full glory. The fact that the little angel nerd had a hand in rebuilding this paradise was like he was still there, even if he wasn’t physically there. Though it would have been nice to have a bigger “welcome home” party waiting for him. It would have been nice to see him, especially after….
“Cas, a guy already died. We know it’s a ghost. We cannot just walk away from this.” Dean insisted, looking at Cas determinedly. “
Castiel took a breath, choosing his words carefully. “There is an anomaly that has been appearing in heaven at random intervals. Jack and I have been having a difficult time, to say the least, pinpointing what it is or even exactly where it is coming from.” He took a few more steps into the room, closer to Dean.  “Whatever it is, it has been causing these electrical bursts throughout heaven.”
It was just a mass chain of sadness and uncontrollable laughter as Claire told the story of when she and Dean went mini golfing. She omitted the parts about her mother, and Sam was fairly sure she tweaked the story a bit just to make everyone laugh a little.
Dean plucked up some courage with the help of his new friend, Mr. White Russian, and turned to Castiel. “you ever dance before?”
“Okay, so what? You can’t use your mojo? You’re mojo-free man? Your limp? Flaccid? Impotent?  You- “
With arms spread, he tackled assbutt #2 causing them both to fall to the ground. Dean took advantage of his position above the bully and punched him in the jaw. It did not last, however. Sed took a cue from Dean, jumped from his left side, and knocked him off assbutt #2. Dean first thought Sed to be the puny of the three, but what he lacked in muscle he made up for in speed. He was a slippery one and Dean was getting fed up with these bozos, especially since there was a ghost that looked ready to be tagged into the fight.
They slowly made their way through the hospital’s halls, passing a few doctors and nurses along the way. They all were so busy; the two tall men were able to exit the building without causing anyone to take notice. Everything had such an ‘old-timey’ feel too it- from the paint chipping on the walls, to the clothes and hairstyles of the visitors, the nurses.
He glanced towards Castiel who, thankfully, was winning his own fight against assbutt #1. Fletch was huge comparatively to the angel, like a freaking stone pillar. But Fletch never led his own garrison. Castiel spun around behind the big guy and jumped on his back, his arms tight around the burly guy’s thick neck slowly blocking air to his windpipe. Castiel held on long enough until Fletch kneeled to the ground, lost consciousness, and subsequently fell face first onto the mossy ground.
he incessant sound of a car horn jolted Dean out of unconsciousness. His head was pounding. Of course, heaven couldn’t have been a calm and boring place. He grunted as he slowly lifted his head from its resting place against the steering wheel. The noise stopped and he opened his eyes. The light from the streets added to the pain of Dean’s headache.
Farther into the room were two short staircases- one leading to the next floor, one to the lower. The two men followed the signs leading to the informational desk where a female librarian stood watch.
“If you found all the information you need, then we should go. We’ve wasted enough time as it is.” Castiel abruptly stood and walked towards the exit leaving the hunter to scramble after him.
He was about to make some pop-culture reference Dean would have enjoyed. He stopped when Claire’s smiled turned down. Her eyes stared right behind him. He quickly twisted to see a male vampire- big, (bigger than him), broad with sharp teeth, a deep gash across his forehead, and he was angry.
“It’s time for food. And I’m pretty sure we passed a diner on our way over here. And there was a sign for…wait for it…'good old-fashioned homemade pie'.” There was a twinkle in Dean’s eye and Castiel did not have the heart to let the man down.
“I look like a grandpa.” Dean said with a raised eyebrow. “I mean look at this. These pants practically go up to my chest.”
f Sam were not concentrating on the map spread out before him, he would have seen the tail end of a shooting star peer out through some gray clouds. If Sam weren’t so fixated on the idea of justice and retribution by way of hunting and slaughtering a nest of vampires, he would have seen the 1957 Chevy Impala drive passed the two hunters hunched over the hood of Baby.
Bobby and Charlie were not there, however. After everything that happened, the people from the alternate universe that Dean and Sam rescued, disappeared. Sam assumed Jack put everyone back in their place which meant all those people went back to their own universe. Sam would have appreciated seeing their faces again though.
They subtly inched their way to the woman and policemen, enough so that they’d be within earshot but still out of view.
A moment of silence transcended the two old friends. Dean realized his mouth was still hanging open and swiftly shut it. He was so surprised; he couldn’t help the gulp that followed. “Cas?” He asked in a sort of reverence. “Wow”. A light blushed graced Dean’s freckled cheeks at the endearment.
Which is why the oldest Winchester was walking up and down the halls of the bunker at 3 in the morning with a beer in hand. Post-case adrenaline was coursing through his restless body. And some other feeling he was not quite ready to give a name to that had everything to do with a certain angel. He quietly padded around the corner, passed Sam’s room-the sound of snoring softly escaping through the door. After being plagued for years with nightmares and terrifying memories of yellow-eyed demons, it was comforting to know that Sam was finally allowed some sort of vengeance and closure, even if it was not the same yellow eyes.
This was not your everyday librarian. At least not for the 1950’s. She did have the fashionable cat-eyes framed glasses accompanied by a tight bun hairstyle that was stereotypical of a librarian. But Dean could just tell, once the doors closed for the night, those glasses would come off, that bun would come undone, and the lioness would come out to play. At least, that’s what he imagined.
Dean put his beer-less hand up to stop him. “Hey, you don’t have to say anything. I mean, you were dying. It’s bound to get emotional.”
She checked his eyes for dilation and overall cognizance. “Possible concussion.” She picked up her clipboard and continued giving it her undivided attention. “You didn’t have any identification on you. What is your name? Is there someone we can call for you? A family member?” She finally looked up again and stared at Dean’s blank face.
With flushed cheeks, Castiel coughed a few more times before answering. “Just some food caught in my throat.”
The drive to Oak Hill Cemetery was not a long one. By the time they parked the car down a side street, hardly anyone was in sight. They filled their arms with shovels, a few other miscellaneous tools, a flashlight, and some boxes of salt. A matchbook in Dean’s pocket; the magnum, loaded with bullets, tucked in his jeans. He did not see a need for the gun, if he were honest, but it did give him a nice feeling of security, so he brought it along.
Dean smacked his lips together after a long sip of his white Russian. “How’s your pink drink?” Dean smirked.
The blearing sound of a distant cop car jilted the two out of their embrace. They scrambled into the car with stupid wide grins plastered on their faces. Dean brought the car to life with a turn of the key. The radio hummed with a quiet static.
But there was a downside to this decade- everything was so slow. Dean lived a life of having access to any and all information at the touch of a button. But this was a different time- a time without internet, a time without computers, a time without food delivery. It was a time where there was no electronic device attached to the hip and it left Dean feeling disconnected from the world. To put it simply, he missed "WiFi".
Really, the only thinking remarkably different were the prices- everything under a dollar. Even the food on the menu was the same- burgers and sandwiches, milkshakes, and sodas. And Dean couldn’t forget the apple pie (“15 cents a slice?! I’ll take 2, please!”).
That one word caught in his throat- “love”. It was so rarely used in Dean’s life. Yet, it was not something he took for granted. He felt it- of course he felt it. With all his being, he felt it. Love for his younger brother, Sam; love for his mother, Mary. Love for his close friends, Jody, Claire- those he considers family. Familial love was easy, comfortable. And Dean tried to pin Castiel in that same category. Outwardly, he declared it- Castiel is family, no question. Because Dean equates family with love. It was all so simple.
Sam was quickly surrounded by people. After Donna, there was Precious Turner and Chrissy Chambers (“you’re hunting now?”), Jesse and Cesar Cuevas (“still retired?”). A group of hunters Sam hadn’t seen in ages were grouped together by the couch, sipping bottles of beer. Walt and Roy were among them.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. “Yes. Asmodeus and Dagon are left- both formidable demons not to be taken lightly. It will take immense amounts of power to defeat them should we need to.” Castiel slowly moved to sit beside Dean.
“Yes, although it isn’t an exact quote. But I suppose it pertains to the current situation.” Castiel replied.
he discomfort Dean felt under the glare of the beady-eyed bartender at the beginning of the night did not ease up, and he had a sneaking suspicion he knew why. Dean and Castiel had not exactly been blending in with the crowd that surrounded them. Women in flowing wool skirts and hair so high they reached the ceiling. Men in sportscoats or blazers with elbow patches. And Dean and Cas so focused on each other.
“You were in a car accident. No serious injury aside from that gash to your noggin. I’m just going to check your vitals now.” She magicked up a glass thermometer from where, Dean was afraid to think too much about where. “Stick out your tongue.”
“Yup,” Jody said next to Sam. “Word got out fast. A lot of people have just been comin’ in and out. There were even these two dorky guys- couldn’t have been hunters. Called themselves… Ghostbusters? No, that’s not it.  Well, whatever it was. They stopped by too.”
Fletch (asshat #1) was the biggest of the three- taller than Dean (taller than Sam), squared shoulders and broad chest. Sed (asshat #3) was the shortest. Asshat #2 stood closer to Dean. He leered at Castiel with a wink. Dean was going to kick his ass.
They both breathed sighs of relief.  Seven headless bodies surrounded them. Two more were outside. It was a gory horror show. The two hunters were covered in blood, not theirs, and guts and other things Sam did not want to consider at the moment. They were lucky to come away with only bruises.
he semitransparent spirit of Arthur Munchin loomed just behind the oblivious bullies. Fury over his disturbed body exuded from the ghost like pus oozing from an infected wound. Dean had to think fast. Before Arthur Munchin could make his move, the hunter made his own.
The song playing on stage ended with applause. “Thank you, gentlemen and gentle ladies,” the wool-covered vocalist said to the crowd.  “We are ‘Jaybird and the Squealers’ and we hope you are all having a bitchin’ time. We are gonna kick it into full swing for you now. I hope you all have your dancin’ shoes ready.” He counted the band down, “and a 1, and 2 and a…”
Dean pouted, letting assbutt #2 go. He stepped back instantly, clutching his sore arm. “You guys are nuts.”
He stayed by Dean’s side when he asked him to. He said, “it’s ok”, without really feeling it because Dean needed it. And Dean deserved it. His older brother sacrificed so much for him, for the world, never asking for anything in return. It was the least Sam could do and at the same time the hardest thing he’d ever done.
Dean rushed out of the library after his friend gearing himself up for an argument, and stopped short, suddenly enthralled at the dazzling night sky. The sun disappeared completely leaving a full moon in its wake. Bright little stars littered the night sky like salt spilt over black marble.
The Peppermint Club was surprisingly packed for a Monday night in 1958 middle America. The large oval hall was adorned with red and white spiral lights that hung from high ceilings. A wooden dance floor occupied the center of the room, encircled by intimate round tables covered in long white table-clothes. Musicians were playing on a small stage in the back of the room. A man in a wool jacket belted out some tunes while being backed by a group of three women in fancy blue dresses and fancy hairdos.
“Okay,” Dean murmured. He sighed before continuing, “I might’ve found something. An Arthur Munchin, born and raised in 4207 Maple Drive, was a naval officer. Got a couple medals of honor for his service, retired in 1952. One morning, he tried changing a light bulb, slipped on the toilet seat, smashed his head against the side of the porcelain throne and died. Ooh,” Dean hissed, “that’s embarrassing. It says here that he’s buried at Oak Hill Cemetery. That’s gotta be our ghost.” Dean looked up to see Castiel still glaring far off to the right. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say the angel wasn’t listening. But Dean did know better. “Somethin’ on your mind?”
“Gentlemen.”, Dean said raising his arms in mock-surrender. “You guys look pretty sensible. No one wants a fight here. So why don’t we stow the homophobic slurs and call it a night. Huh?”
Dean stared at the closed door and took a sip of his now-warm beer. What Castiel said kept floating in his head- “Knowing you has changed me. The things we’ve shared…. I love you. I love all of you”.
Dean inwardly began to panic. This was turning into a chick-flick moment, and he could not deal with it just yet. He cleared his throat and looked up avoiding Castiel’s stare (which was uber fuckin’ tricky). He slid the cassette back and turned to pick a song from the jukebox.
Claire sighed. No one ever knew what to say to Sam in those moments. Sam didn’t even know what to say to Sam in those moments. It was best to just change the topic as quickly as possible and hope that that would be enough. It was still a learning process though. And Claire was a very stubborn girl.
I apologize for any inaccuracies. I only have minimum knowledge of basic routines for car accident victims in hospitals. Please, feel free to leave comments below.
He gave the angel a once-over, stopping at those deep blue eyes. “You- you look good…uh. Are you feeling ok?”.  He inwardly winced at his own stutter.
Huh? Dean was stunned. Why should he be though? He’s been to hell, purgatory a couple times. He’s even been to alternate universes on several occasions. He’s died more times than Voldemort had horcruxes. Still, he really expected the last death to count.
The nurse seemed to get a case of the butterflies because she was all aflutter. “Oh, sir. Of course.”
Dean twisted around towards the ghost just in time to get knocked back, away from the grave. Castiel emptied a box of salt over the casket and patted his pockets for a match.
Sam could not get a clear view of Claire who was somewhere to his left, fighting off one ugly female vampire. Sam was fighting his own ugly vampire, though not very well. His face was planted into the dust covered ground of the abandoned car, his body wedged in between two bench seats, and he couldn’t get any leverage.
Dean straightened up, trying to get his enthusiasm in check. “You said there was a spike, right? The trail sent us right to the house, and stopped? That is not a coincidence, Cas.”
Two deputies were speaking to a thin woman with a beehive hairstyle, Dean assumed, getting a statement. A little boy was pressed against her leg, both to hide his face and muffle his sobs. Her hand was absentmindedly patting the boy’s shoulder. Dean quickly surmised that she must have been the significant other to the deceased.
He pulled the car to the curb in front of a strip of shops, which included a hardware store, clothing outlet, a smoke shop, and a convenience store. Castiel stood on the sidewalk, exasperated, waiting for Dean with shopping bags in both hands.
“Being back alive,” Dean reflected resting his forearms on the shovel, “I missed a lot. Stuff I didn’t pay attention to when I was alive before. Stuff I should have taken advantage of before, ya know. But this… I did not miss this.”
Suddenly, a burst of bright light engulfed the car, Sam shielded his eyes from the intense light. A piercing screeee sound ripped through the air. Sam dropped the blade on instinct and covered his bleeding ear drums. With eyes closed, he had no idea what was happening. His only thought was “Jack, please protect Claire”.
Thunder rumbled from somewhere out in the distance causing the two hunters to look up. Another storm was on the horizon. They still had time.
The notes to Led Zeppelin’s ‘That’s the Way’ reached Sam’s ears as the door finally creaked opened. Jody craned her neck upward and brightened in delight.
The crowd grew as the night went on. Not one bare spot was noticeable on the dance floor. There was spinning and flipping. And there were glances. A gorgeous young brunette in a long yellow dress batted her eyelashes from across the room. When Dean noticed the come hither looks aimed in his direction, Castiel was in mid-conversation, telling him how Jack saved him from the empty, and all thoughts of yellow dresses disappeared.
“Amazing,” Claire said defiantly, folding her arms across her chest. “Actually, I was thinking of asking her…” she trailed off, a blush forming on her cheeks.
“And you didn’t hear anything else before the shouting? Something that might indicate a break-in. A window breaking, perhaps.”
The stores looked like old-fashioned mom and pop shops- advertisements for cola with an old-fashioned logo. A gas station across the street had a sign- “31 cents/gallon.” Signs were all over storefront windows for the most recent fashion trends, foods, liquor, cigarettes- you name it.
“A time rift is, well, a gateway. Much like the rift Jack inadvertently created between our known universe and the alternate ones. Though, in this case, it connected heaven with a perceived time here on earth.” Castiel looked behind him as if he just remembered there could be eavesdroppers. “We should finish this conversation somewhere else, Dean.”
Castiel shifted from one foot to another. An army cap rested in the crook of his right arm and hip. “Well,” Castiel begins, “Dean Winchester, I am here to rescue you.”
Sam and Jody stepped out of the hall and into the living room. Sam was so distracted by the left-over rain on his now cold and damp clothes that he didn’t even notice the people. It was a small gathering of about 30 people. Some of them Sam knew from random hunts him and Dean have worked together.
He walked up to the young woman; a flirtatious smirk spread across his lips. Once she took notice, her eyes gave him a once-over. A slow smile graced her face like a cat eyeing its next meal.
Before Castiel could finish his sentence, Dean had already grabbed the outstretched handful of money. “Be right back.”
Fear seized him for that split second, waiting for a response from his partner. Even with his own life being mortally threatened, his priority was his partner. Grunting followed the sound of sharp steel meeting flesh. A heavy thud reverberated on the floor, where Sam’s head was forced down. A bloodied head rolled by.
He turned the radio dial with a click. Ella Fitzgerald’s voice accompanied the deep tone of Louis Armstrong's.
A little surprised, a little shocked Dean managed to mumble some sort of ‘goodnight’ before Castiel closed the door quietly, thus putting the wall back up between the two…
Dean didn’t realize how much negative weight he had been carrying around with him all his life until after he died and went to heaven. It was like all that extra baggage was just left at the gate. But now…
“It moved?” Gray clouds enclosed the black sky, thunder roared from up above. A lightning bolt unexpectedly crashed in the distance, lighting up the sky for a brief second.
“Hold it under your tongue.” She started writing whatever nurses wrote on the form. “Do you recall anything about the accident?”
Old nerves and fears started kicking in the pit of Dean’s gut. He wasn’t sure he was alive again before. But he was positive, that he was alive right then if the butterflies in his stomach were any indication. “Let’s just get out here, Cas.” He waved his arms toward the door. “Lead the way, man.”
It was boring, but Sam liked it. It kept him from thinking about Dean’s death- how what if he did this or that? If he did something differently, could he have saved his brother? Those questions sent Sam down a rabbit hole he did not want to get trapped in.
“And how can I help you today, sir?” she asked. Her voice almost purred if humans could purr. Her light blue eyes focused entirely on Dean.
A moment passed before anyone spoke. The second officer grew too anxious, however. “And then what happened?”
Castiel stood behind Arthur Munchin, the pry bar held tightly in his hands. He swung the iron bar through the ghost. Arthur Munchin disappeared, his spiritual essence going out like a puff of smoke. Dean quickly lit the match when the ghost reappeared angrier than before. Dean dropped the lighted match onto the opened casket, burning the remains of Arthur Munchin.
Castiel stopped and glanced at his awed companion. “Hmm.” He stepped beside Dean; eyes followed the nightscape. Their unspoken squabble forgotten for the moment. “You’re taking this displacement well. Do you not miss heaven?”
No one berated Sam for not telling them right away about Dean, which was a relief to Sam- just one extra thing he would not have been able to handle. Jody did insist on a memorial, though, which was why Sam found himself on the front steps of Jody’s cabin in Sioux Falls, holding a boxed pie.
He started questioning the use of the term ‘hell’ while in heaven when the music came back on. The sound of the electric guitar, however, was replaced by soothing crooning and a soft bass beat.
He looked around the diner that they were sitting in. The styles of diners hadn’t really changed much from the 1950’s to Dean’s time. It was a wide-open dining hall with booths by the full-length windowed walls. A long multi-colored speckled bar was on the left- a blonde waitress, dressed in a light blue uniform, refilled mugs of coffee to the few patrons that sat on the light blue stools. The upholstery on all the seats in the establishment were the same shiny plastic that Dean remembered from all the diners that he’d visited.
A silent moment passed. Dean felt his heartbeat quicken out of panic. Lightning crashed with resounding clarity right on top of Baby’s pristine hood, lighting up the car like a disco ball. Dean shut his eyes tightly from the fractals of light crisscrossing all around him. The music played on.
“Hey, do you feel lucky, punk?” He was strangely proud of his impression of Clint Eastwood as Dirty Harry.
“How’s things going with Eileen? You ask her to move in yet?” Her attempt at light-hearted subterfuge seemed to work.
“Oh thank, fuck. It was just a dream,” Dean mumbled. He tried to focus and take in everything. He was in a plain white hospital gown and nothing else. Alright, no total surprise there.  The walls were white, the floor was white, everything was so damn white it hurt.
“Yes,” Castiel fished some out of a pocket. “We are beginning to run low on funds, Dean. It might be best- “
The weather had certainly changed morose, in Sam’s opinion. His hunter instincts were ringing in his head like a Spidey-sense.
“Well, yea. They were totally…” Claire looked at Sam’s confused expression and seemed to decide against finishing her thought.
The angel was relatively quiet for most of the drive. Dean pulled into a crowded parking lot outside of a lounge bar. A bright-lit sign that read “Peppermint Club” glittered in their direction.
In all his short life, the hunter has never felt this free- free of burden, free of that weight he constantly carried with him, free of so much pain and loss. He somehow knew his baby brother was living a good life back on earth. He deserved it. And seeing Bobby again- HIS Bobby, not some alternate universe Bobby- left Dean feeling happier than he could remember.
“You got me a present?” Dean asked. Castiel turned, dropping a heavy object into Dean’s upturned palms. A Smith & Wesson model 29, .44 magnum handgun. It was the kind of gun Dirty Harry kept by his side. “Oh, this is awesome!”
She hesitated. “It’s crazy. I’m sure I imagined it. I saw a figure…in the corner of the room. A man, an older man in a-a a sailor’s uniform. He looked so pale. He said something. He said ‘this is my house. I will not allow my house to be defiled’. He shouted it. He was so angry I could almost feel it,” she whispered.
“Hey, Sam” Alex walked into the hallway and reached up to hug him. “Here, I’ll take that.” The young dark-haired girl took Sam’s coat. She started to walk away towards one of the bedrooms when Jody stopped her.
The sound of someone shuffling about on the other side of the bedroom door jostled Dean out of his thoughts. Preparing himself, he took a deep sigh and softly knocked on the door.
Castiel hesitated. “Yes. That is not all. The anomaly… is also affecting my grace.” Castiel continued walking down the street. Dean followed a few steps after.
he car that Dean had found himself in before waking in the hospital was not his beloved Impala. Castiel had found the crashed car from the residual energy radiating off of it. The energy that resided from the electrical storm was so strong like a lighthouse beacon showing the way home. Dean grumbled about the lack of car, but Castiel had said that it was completely unusable which is why they found themselves following the anomaly's trail by foot (or rather, Dean followed Castiel).
Dean continued playing “Safe” songs throughout their meal. He didn’t realize how hungry he was until he bit into his burger. This was heaven. Oh, how he missed the juicy salty taste of fried red meat covered in cheese and onions (“extra onion!”) and ketchup and pressed between 2 slices of seeded bread. He couldn’t help the satisfied moan that escaped his lips.
Dean didn’t have a very good view of the hallway. Even after leaning forward as much as his aching body would allow, he could only see white wall with white blurs of people passing by the room. At least he wasn’t alone, he thought. The sound of stretchers whizzed by followed by a few scrambling footsteps.
Castiel stopped short and faced Dean. Dean felt heat rise to his face from the close proximity and cleared his throat. “No, I cannot use my mojo. At least not extensively. I can heal you if truly necessary. But it isn’t stable. And any energy I do exert,” he continued pointedly, “will not be replaced quickly. I can only use it sparingly. There’s more.”
“Due to this…interference… I have no way of contacting Jack. And Jack in turn has no way of contacting us.”
Dean smiled, relieved to hear that low gravelly voice, almost like a monotone song to his ears- one that washed away the ache and pain from the hunter’s bones. Castiel stood back and opened the door a little more, allowing the hunter to step inside the room.
Dean looked ahead. The sky was giving the impression of a perpetual sunset- light blues turned into darker shades of blues; the blues blended into the yellows and oranges; oranges turned into red then deeper reds. The eternalness of it all began to sink in. How long as he been driving down this long stretch of road? Better yet, how long has he been listening to this same song?
Dean and Castiel gathered their supplies and headed back to deposit them in the trunk of the Bel-air. Everything was in its place, yet Dean still had that niggling feeling. His hand on the top of the open trunk to steady himself, he plowed on.
Dean did not have any money on him. Why would he? He did not need it in heaven, and he wasn’t exactly planning the Back to the Future trip. Luckily, Castiel thought ahead and procured some money. Dean wasn’t too sure where, but he was not about to question it.
It reminded Dean of so long ago. The two were waiting for a confrontation with the archangel, Raphael. Dean had asked Castiel if he had ever had sex with a woman before. His reaction was remarkably like that night.
Castiel softly smiled. “You must miss him. I am a little surprised you waited so long to ask me about Sam. I expected that to be your first question.”
Dean thought of flirting with some of the women in the room, just to get those homophobic pricks off their backs. But the last time he did that, Castiel became grumpy and jealous and that was the opposite of what Dean’s intentions were. So, he ignored the women.
ean was humming “That’s the Way” loudly while sitting in a booth opposite the angel. A couple behind them turned their heads in annoyance.
Sam cut her off as quickly as could. “It is what it is.” He looked around the room. The song changed to some heavy metal song Sam didn’t recognize. “He would’ve loved this.”
“I was petrified to move. And the room,” she said shakily, “the room became so cold- I could see my breath.”
“Maybe they aren’t out here, Fletch.” They were only a few feet from where Dean hid, behind an angel statuette, judging by how much louder than the other two asshats were.
“What sort of luck? Are you expecting something that requires luck?” Castiel completely missed the reference.
Castiel looked sharply at Dean. His right hand disappeared into his coat pocket only to reappear with a pristine-looking cassette tape. He placed it reverently on the table with the label facing Dean.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. Jack has been able to fix most of them. Unfortunately, by the time we realized how close one was to your location, we were too late. You had already disappeared. It seems these storms created a sort of time rift. For a while, I thought I had lost you.”
“Actually,” Dean said. “My friend here and I are huge history buffs. We were just passing through town but couldn’t help but notice some of the houses in the neighborhood.”
Then time went on, the days passed by and Sam was less comforted by it. He left the bunker for good then. So many metaphorical ghosts roamed those halls. There was only so much pain Sam could relive again and again.
The cars were freaking awesome. Dean’s love of cars mostly centered around the 1966 to late 1970’s era muscle cars. Those were amazing beauties- built to last and to live in. Most of the models were large and metal and chrome and could withstand anything, except maybe gas prices. Some (like Baby) have proven to last the test of time. But Baby would not have been Baby if not for its ancestors. A cream-white 1957 Chevy Impala with red rims drove by, making Dean’s mouth water.
Dean should not have been surprised that Castiel choked. He practically scarfed down all his burger and fries. Since this whole thing began, the angel was behaving oddly human. Castiel did say that the anomaly was blocking his angelic senses, but to what degree?
He looked around him only to see fog and maybe some sort of lake to his far left. Dean could barely make out the glint of moonlight off the water. Steam rose from the bent hood of the car. Dean quickly surmised that he must have hit the side of a bridge. When did he get to a bridge, anyway? It didn’t seem like a very long bridge though. He could see the edge of it a little far up ahead of him. Blurred lights through the fog were getting closer. The sound of a siren could be heard far off in the distance.
Defeated, Dean grabbed the rest of the clothes and traipsed over to the tiny bathroom connected to the room. After relieving himself, he swiftly washed up via the small white sink and changed clothes.  The pleated pants fit almost perfectly. The shirt (a little snug around the chest) was a red and gray striped short-sleeved V-neck with matching-colored buttons down the center, stopping halfway. The shoes matched the pants in color too (“who did Cas steal these from?”). They were a half-size too big, but Dean figured he could manage. A cardigan completed the typical 1950s style. Overall, Dean felt self-conscience- he missed his flannel and boots. He grumbled once he was back in front of the angel.
“You are right about that. It does seem to be pointing to the conclusion that they are connected in some way.”
After resolving the issue with “Chuck”, saving the world (family, friends, loved ones), after Jack fixed everything, Sam and Dean were supposed to be able to live a life that they wanted-free to make their own choices. And Dean tried.  Without his best friend by his side, though, Dean was having a hard time readjusting to the new “normal”.
Eventually, Dean managed to calm himself down. That probably was not the best reaction especially after he said that he was embarrassed. But Dean couldn’t control it. There was a huge tension bubble waiting to burst. “I’ll make it up to him”, Dean thought. Many ways he could accomplish that task sprang to mind and the tension bubble began to refill itself.
Distracted by the bullies, Dean did not see Arthur Munchin rapidly come at him. With an immense invisible force, Dean was thrown back, landing by the edge of the open grave. He had to get rid of this ghost fast.
“Of course,” Castiel shook his head as if from a trance. “And we will need transport to the cemetery.”
“Why didn’t you meet me?” Dean asked. Castiel turned to face the hunter. “Cas, why did I have to hear from Bobby that Jack saved you?”
After overhearing the widow’s account of her husband’s death, the two scrambled, albeit quietly, away from the scene and down a deserted alley. Dean immediately started rambling about hunts and ghosts and monsters, like a child being told they were going to Disneyland. He felt the fire in his belly- a hunt! A good, solid ghost hunt. It’s been so long since Dean felt that excitement to follow a case, work a lead, gank the bad thing and save a life.
“I’m fairly sure. I think she’s ready to move on and my grace feels fairly strong today,” Castiel replied.
“I’ve been stuck here for over a century,” she said softly. “People have come and people have gone, but never once has anyone noticed that I’m trapped here.”
“What? No, Cas do you know how much things cost?” Dean had said. “We need to aim for something with actual salaries, not minimum wage. Fuckin’ capitalism.”
Cas groaned as he sat up, “It’s a very human day today.” He stretched and yawned, “I guess I’ll have to stop at the Starbucks on campus.”
“Yeah, no problem,” Dean had replied, hovering by the door, watching Castiel gently place a sleeping Jack in the crib.
Dean thought about how his own father would have reacted if he’d ever picked his sons up and found them with painted toenails. It was one of his main parenting strategies, to imagine what John would do and do the exact opposite. WWJD (what wouldn’t John do).
There were many things that Castiel loved about the house, but one of the highest on his list were the large windows in the living room and kitchen that allowed him to keep a growing collection of houseplants. It had started with a single golden pothos, a housewarming gift from Eileen, and now he had close to two dozen plants. Dean liked to grumble about Castiel turning the house into a jungle, but he would still bring home any interesting looking plant he found while out shopping. It was a good hobby to keep him busy until it was warm enough to work on planting a garden in the backyard, which was his ultimate dream.
“Of course I support that, Cas. It’s just-” He’d looked at Castiel with a pained expression, “Dean was really messed up when you died. I mean he’s messed up every time you’re dead, but this time… I don’t know what would have happened if he didn’t have Jack. He kind of hyper focused on taking care of him. He loves Jack so much. It’s going to be… hard,” Sam had grimaced, obviously understating his expectation of Dean’s reaction, “for him to lose both of you.”
“Your guy is a mechanic, right?” Abby asked as Castiel took his seat next to her at the circulation desk.
Dean loved him, even if it wasn’t the type of love he longed for that didn’t make that love any less precious. Who was Castiel to squander that?
For a second Dean’s expression had softened and Castiel had thought he’d change his mind, but then he’d made eye contact with Castiel and his shoulders had straightened, “Break’s over. People are dying and we have a job to do. I’m leaving in twenty minutes, with or without you.” He’d turned to leave, but had stopped when Jack had frantically raised his arms toward him and whined.
“Right,” Sam laughed as though it was the least funny thing he’d ever heard. “So, you’re telling me you’re getting platonically married for insurance and taxes- you guys. I’m begging you. Just tal-” Sam was cut off by Dean slamming the laptop shut.
But that night, before he’d opened Jack’s door, he had been able to hear Dean already inside. His voice had been nothing more than a soft rumble through the door as he’d sang quietly, accompanied by the creak of the rocking chair, which Sam had apparently found at a nearby antique shop and Dean liked to joke was probably haunted because he enjoyed the irony.
They were quiet for a few moments before Dean asked, “Do you ever think about the type of woman you’d have ended up with if, you know, you’d had a more normal life?”
“The spirit is nearby. I can sense it. I think it might be weak enough that I can send it on its way with my grace,” Castiel tilted his head and closed his eyes as he tried to get a better sense of the spirit.
After putting his breakfast dishes in the dishwasher, Dean stopped next to Jack and leaned down to kiss his strawberry-covered cheek. “You be good, kid,” he said seriously. Jack responded by giggling and trying to grab at Dean’s shirt with his sticky-looking hands. Dean dodged him easily.
“I overextended myself, just as you warned me not to, and you ended up having to carry me home, just like you didn’t want to,” Castiel sighed. “I was trying my best to be useful, I’m still adjusting to only having limited amounts of grace.”
Instead of asking Dean himself, which Castiel had known would get him nowhere, he’d tracked down Sam who was hunched over a book in the library.
Dean’s voice started to sound farther away and Castiel could barely make out Abby’s response as he collapsed backward into the couch.
“I’d be happy to have your company,” Castiel had said. “You’re my best friend, Dean. Jack loves you and you’ve been an excellent father to him, he deserves to have you in his life as actively as you want to be.”
“Cool,” Abby had clearly been relieved that he wasn’t offended by the assumption.  “You don’t have to worry about anyone here, you know. I’m pretty sure half the staff isn’t straight, myself included.”
And if Dean fell asleep on his shoulder more often than not while they sat next to each other in the dark, that was just another reason to love movie night.
They exchanged greetings as Abby and Leah slid into the booth opposite them, Dean felt a small sense of relief when they looked like they were also nervous rather than angry.
It wasn’t the first time that Dean had suggested this, but Castiel was always reluctant since Abby believed they were romantic partners and he knew how uncomfortable that insinuation would make Dean.
“My dad was a hunter, raised my brother and I in the life,” Dean said. “Cas had a… similar experience. We actually met on the job. He pulled me out of a rough spot a decade or so ago and we started working together.”
There were two scenes that I wanted to add that tragically did not fit with the flow of the story. The first was Dean making an ill conceived joke about sexy librarians just for Castiel to shush him, which would obviously cause Dean’s poor brain to crash on sight. The second was another conversation with Abby after the ghost reveal where she would be like, “You know this all kinda reminds me of this book series I was into during high school.” Which just has so much comedic potential, but there was no natural place to put it. But now you have these fun bonus scenes to carry in your head.
“Buddy, this isn’t even a bad one,” Dean had said once he’d composed himself. “When he was a newborn he got shit up to his neck a couple times. Still don’t know how that even happened, but my mom and Jody said it was normal when I asked them about it. Apparently babies are just gross.”
“It was good,” Dean said as he hung up his coat. “Fred had me work on restoring this sweet old Mustang that belongs to a collector for most of the shift.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean said with a shrug. “I should’ve made it clearer. I just want you around, Cas. Angel, human, doesn’t matter.”
“You’re getting married?” Sam exclaimed when Dean told him, sounding understandably shocked. “What- How-”
“Up and at ‘em sunshine,” Dean said as he leaned over to plant a kiss on Cas’ messy hair, the only visible part of his body from where he was huddled under the blankets.
Castiel had leaned heavily on the wall beside the door. He’d known how attached Dean was to Jack, and Jack to Dean. It had been obvious in the careful, painfully gentle way Dean handled the baby and in how much Jack lit up whenever Dean walked into a room. But Castiel had promised to keep Jack safe, and that wasn’t a promise he could keep without making some lifestyle changes.
Cas closed his mouth as though he had had something to say, and Dean made a mental note to follow up on that sometime.
“Dean’s never met a pie he didn’t like,” Castiel said, smiling, “but we would appreciate anything you would bring.”
It was Dean’s turn to nearly choke. He coughed for several seconds before taking a large sip of orange juice.
“Un-fucking-fortunately,” Dean said, resisting the urge to bang his head against the table, but just barely.
“Good,” Dean said, clapping Castiel on the shoulder as he stood up. “I’m gonna head to bed. See you in the morning.”
Castiel had had enough grace left then that he didn’t technically need to sleep most nights, but he’d found he enjoyed the process of allowing himself to take a break from his own thoughts for a few hours each night. It had also surprised him how lonely the bunker could feel when all of its other occupants were asleep. He’d spent centuries alone before, but it was much easier to do when there was no one he cared to spend time with. The echoing halls of the bunker had served only as a reminder that he had managed to mess up his relationship with both Dean and Sam in one night.
As Castiel had moved to leave the room, he was stopped by Dean grabbing his wrist. When he’d turned back, Dean had pulled him into a tight hug. It was more desperate than the hug Dean had given him earlier as Dean’s hands clutched at Castiel’s jacket and he buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck.
Unsure what to do, Castiel had looked over at Sam who was staring disbelievingly at the doorway. “For fuck’s sake,” he’d said, pushing his chair back with an angry squeak against the tile. As he’d stomped after his brother, he’d given Castiel a long look that had clearly implied that this turn of events was entirely Castiel’s fault.
Abby was in the middle of pointing out the fuse box when Leah called from upstairs asking for a hand with setting the table.
“I can empathise,” Castiel said, with his own smile. “When we first moved, Dean was convinced that he could install a garbage disposal by himself. We ended up with a half flooded kitchen and no disposal at all.” They’d also decided that a garbage disposal was not only more trouble than it was worth, but probably a bad idea to have in a house with a baby who seemed to be able to control electronics with his grace. That part wasn’t something he added when telling the story to Abby.
“I’m not arguing with you,” Dean had said, raking his hand through his hair. “You’re right, it is what Jack deserves. Let me know if you need any help with, you know, finding a place. Fake papers. Packing. Whatever. Anything.” Dean had paced over to the former liquor cabinet and opened it. He’d stared at the empty shelves for a moment and took a deep breath that Castiel had been able to see from across the room. One single heave of shoulders before he’d stood, unmoving.
Not drinking at a place like this was still weird. Dean felt antsy sitting in their booth with the chatter from other tables and the Top-20 music from the pub's sound system washing over him. Normally he’d curb that feeling with a beer or five, but he hadn’t touched a drop since bringing Jack home and he wasn’t about to start now. Too many of his worst childhood memories were tinged with the scent of stale beer or liquor and Dean refused to be the cause of any similar memories for Jack. He wanted Jack’s memories to be full of warmth, of movie nights and baking. Gardening and lovingly knitted hats. Having both of his parents show up for games, or plays, or recitals.
Over the first few days after Castiel’s return, Dean had shown Castiel all of the intricacies of caring for an infant. Castiel had done plenty of reading about raising a child before his death, but it turned out that no amount of reading could prepare him for the reality of changing a diaper.
That had just made Dean blush and Claire roll her eyes before practically shoving them out of the house.
Leah blushed slightly, “It’s just… odd things seem to happen sometimes. I’ll leave a room and swear I turned the light off but then it’ll be on when I pass by again. There have been a couple times where I’ll be working with something, a paint brush or pencil, and put it down and then it’s just gone and I’ll find it across the room. It also gets really cold all randomly, it gives me the literal chills,” Leah looked down at her plate. “And of course it only happens at night when I’m by myself and Abby’s working.” She seemed to shake herself out of her thoughts, “I’m sure it’s nothing, though. Probably some wires that need replacing, old insulation, and absentmindedness.”
Castiel had insisted on giving Dean the master bedroom after seeing Dean’s excitement over the attached bathroom’s massive shower with a rain style showerhead. Of course Dean had argued with him, but Castiel had won when he’d pointed out that he didn’t need to sleep every night so there was no reason for him to have the nicer bedroom.
“Those first few weeks, he seemed to be bleeding power. Making light bulbs explode, turning appliances on at random. But I think he was also healing Dean. Jack’s been more attached to him from the beginning. He managed to start reining it in after he scared himself making a door slam shut and it hasn’t been as much of a problem since then.”
“There is definitely a spirit here,” Castiel muttered in Dean’s ear as Abby led them back toward the kitchen. “It doesn’t feel outwardly malevolent, however.”
On the day of the move, they’d created a bizarre caravan heading north from the bunker to South Dakota. Sam had followed the Impala in a rented U-Haul that was mostly filled with Jack’s nursery furniture while Eileen had been kind enough to agree to drive Castiel’s truck so that Castiel himself could keep Jack company in the backseat of the Impala during the long drive. Dean and Castiel had very few of their own belongings coming with them since they’d decided it would be easier to furnish their own rooms and the rest of the housr from stores closer to their new home.
It still sent a thrill through him that this was something he was allowed to do now. For so many years he’d wished that he could just reach out and touch Cas without and extenuating life or death circumstances hanging over them, and now he could. Sometimes he found himself reaching out to brush against whichever part of Cas was nearest to him just because he wanted to. And every time Cas would look over and smile like he felt the exact same way.
“Hey,” Jody called up to them when she caught them watching from the deck, “you guys are missing your own party.” That was enough to break their contemplative spell and they allowed the heckling that spread through the rest of the guests to draw them back into the fold.
“That is an excellent idea,” Castiel said, climbing off of Dean before extending a hand to pull Dean up after him.
The pale blue light, low murmur of the television, and Dean snoring on the couch greeted Castiel  when he arrived home. A fond smile curled at Castiel’s lips as he took in the sight of Dean looking so relaxed in a way that Castiel rarely used to see. Dean often insisted on waiting for him to get home before going to bed, claiming he really only needed four hours of sleep per night despite all evidence to the contrary, and Castiel had stopped fighting him on it. It was, admittedly, nice to come home to Dean rather than an empty living room.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Castiel said and Dean’s arm slipped away from his waist as they sat on the couch. “I should probably eat something and get some rest, but I’ll be fine.”
“You know,” Dean said, as though he was making any sense, “if things were normal and you weren’t a former angel who ended up with a magical kid and a washed up ex-hunter, is that something you’d’ve wanted?”
It was that memory that had led Castiel to carefully say, “Dean, if you wanted to, you could live with Jack and I.”
“Are you sure that he’s healthy?” He’d asked Dean in concern the first time that Dean had walked him through changing Jack after a bowel movement.
“Aren’t you the one who told me that watching people sleep is creepy?” Castiel asked dryly, keeping his voice soft so he wouldn’t wake Jack who was sprawled across his chest.
Dean rolled his eyes fondly and patted what he thought was Cas’ shoulder before heading to the bathroom to take a quick shower before leaving.
He had been feeding Jack his morning bottle when Sam had come into the kitchen after his morning run. As soon as he’d joined Castiel at the table with a protein drink, Dean had stormed in. His eyes had been ringed with dark circles as though he hadn’t slept at all and a scowl was etched deeply onto his face.
After a minute of nothing but quiet breathing between them Dean muttered, “Sam is going to be so smug about this,” but he didn’t sound the least bit annoyed.
“It’s going to be fine,” Cas said, leaning closer so the shoulders of their linked hands touched. “I’ve seen Abby at work and I don’t think she’s upset anymore.”
“Ugh,” Dean groaned, interrupting. “Why does everyone always ask about the fucking racist ghost truck?”
It had been four days before Sam and Dean had returned to the bunker from their first hunt since Castiel had returned from the dead. Four long days with one incredibly fussy baby who had sensed both Castiel’s own morose mood and the absence of the man who’d been his primary caregiver for the first several months of his life.
“Sweet dreams Dean. I love you,” He said as he did every night before pressing a soft kiss to the back of Dean’s neck.
At some point Sam gave a speech that made everyone cry, especially himself. And Jack had charmed everyone in attendance with his enthusiastic dance moves.
One of the deputies (the older-looking and chunkier of the two) spoke gently, “I understand this is difficult, ma’am. Any information though will help in uncovering what happened here.”
Hunter and angel stood watching the fire in comfortable silence. A thunderclap rebounded through the night sky.
Dean and Castiel shared a look and sped up to follow. They found it a few blocks later. It had stopped in front of an old Victorian home. A police car sat in front of the ambulance. As Dean stepped closer to the scene, two EMT’s were pushing a gurney through the front door and to the back of the truck. A sheet covered the body that laid there. They slowly and carefully raised the gurney onto the truck.
There was tension in the air. A trapeze artist could have walked across the space between them and not have fallen. It was clear something needed to break. Someone had to say something. Dean just did not want it to be him.
Six feet of dirt, and who knew how many pounds, laid in a high pile beside the hole they dug from. Castiel worked on opening the top of the casket with a pry bar. Sweat dripped down Dean’s temple.
But his guilt for his older brother’s death outweighed the pride- guilt of the loss of his best friend, the one person he had always looked up to and relied upon. When the chips were down, when the shit got shittier, Dean was always there by Sam’s side to fix whatever needed fixing.
Castiel was crouched in a similar position parallel to Dean, the newly dug hole in between. They both shared a look and stood at the same time, catching the men off guard.
They found the local public library sitting on the corner of a populated street. Women with strollers were huddled together by a playground nearby. A group of men in tweed suits were on their cigarette breaks.
He finished the last dregs of his beer and put headphones to ears, listening to the comforting sounds of Led Zeppelin’s ‘Thank You’ as he laid down and closed his eyes, falling asleep to the feel of full lips against his.
“It’s very technical, Dean. But apparently not. Even I do not completely understand the specifics of it all. You are very much alive,” Castiel swallowed taking in Dean’s body. “And from the looks of it, very much corporeal.”
“Dean,” Castiel said getting Dean’s attention. “The trail stopped. There’s an energy spike here.” They both looked toward the woman.
Dean’s foot loosened on the gas pedal as he glanced back and forth from the road to the receiver. He tried changing the station again, but the song remained the same.
An uncomfortable silence settled between the two. Of all that they have talked about since meeting at the hospital, there was still so much left unsaid. It was what wasn’t said that made Dean feel that nervous itch, that niggling fear, in his stomach. He tried subtly glancing at Castiel while he was looking away. Dean had the sudden urge to stop the man and hug him like their lives depended on it. Castiel must have felt the heat of Dean’s gaze and turned his head towards the taller man. Dean quickly turned away.
Dean’s jaw dropped. That third person was occupying the vessel of Jimmy Novak yet encompassed the prominence of Castiel, angel of Thursdays- his best friend; brother in arms. Those deep blue eyes stared back at him; his head slightly tilted to the side. He looked quite spiffy too. He apparently traded in his trademark suit, blue tie and trench coat for an army officers’ dress uniform complete with some shiny pins along both sides of the collar. “I am his brother. His name is Dean. I am Corporal Novak.”
“Cancer,” Joey replies, taps himself on the chest. Laughs. “Came out here to beat it. Did win me an extra year. Been saving this.”
“So. Here we are,” when they finally get through the door, and she really has that sweet, mocking tone on lock. “Now be a god boy and show me that big gun.”
Dean makes jokes about Sam getting flabby and slow until Sammy takes up his morning jogs again. As much as Dean loathes unnecessary exercise, it seems to calm Sam and they both need a bit of their old routine back.
“Yeah. He needed someone to talk to, I think.” Dean swallows past the thick feeling of guilt in his throat. He knows he deserves it. “About the whole Jack thing.” It’s a pleasant evening, not too cold, but she wraps her arms around herself. “And, uh. He’s been a big help with the ‘coming out’ bullshit.”
He rolls the marble sphere containing the spell across the floor to Sam’s feet, and Dean yells, “Smash it, now!”
He regrets it almost immediately, his swollen jaw still tender and stiff. He hasn’t looked in a mirror but he’d bet it’s a lovely vibrant shade of purple blooming up his neck, too.
“So, why do you need this luck so bad? Girlfriend problems?” she slides her eyes to where Dean is standing sentinel behind Sam. “Boyfriend problems?”
They had an opportunity knocks thing going on under the table, she says. And, boy, did Ruby have an opportunity, she says. She stashed it, she says. And then you stabbed her, she says. It’s hidden, she says. In Hell.
Big-Mouth doesn’t even turn round, doesn’t look Dean in the face while he casually demolishes any hope Dean had that Benny might be thriving back down here.
“I, um. I know I haven’t been doing this as long as you,” Jack says, following close behind. “But. Doesn’t this seem a little easy?”
Whatever good Rowena might have done recently, it’s massively outweighed by the hordes of power hungry hags a little too liberal with their bodily fluids. It’s gross, vicious and nine times out of ten it’s evil to boot.
“Yes,” Cas sighs. “It did take me. But my grace has been failing for months, and the Empty has no hold over humans. Once I expelled the last of my grace--”
Cas pauses, twists his fingers together agitatedly. Dean has a sudden urge to reach across and hold them steady, curls his own fingers tightly around his tumbler instead. Cas’ mouth is turned down at the corners, his eyebrows pinched. Between that and the dark bags under his tired eyes, Cas looks drained. Diminished.
He slumps backwards so suddenly Dean thinks he’s passed out, and gives them the goddamn silent treatment.
He’s so keyed up he doesn’t even put Baby in the garage, just parks her on the roadside and makes a beeline for the front door.
Billie ignores him. Steps towards Jack, touches his arm in a way that’s might be motherly if she were human.
But when Cas steps forward he’s frozen in place, completely rooted to the spot. It’s a damn angel trap and Goatee smirks at them, the smug big-mouthed fuck.
“Sorry, man, he’s entertaining a lady friend back in Kansas, if you catch my drift,” Dean wiggles his eyebrows for good measure. Lee rolls his eyes but he’s laughing all the same. “I figure he didn’t need me cramping his style, y’know.”
The location, it turns out, is a pristine church in the middle of a field. Because America. And also because a demon hiding something in Hell is predictable, but hiding a divine object in a church apparently isn’t.
I'm a day late, sorry! Needless to say quarantine is not going to increase my productivity, so I'll try to stick to the fortnightly updates.
“Oh! Right.” Dean grabs the newspaper cutting from his pocket. “So, girl went missing. Of course, Sheriff things it’s nothing right?”
“This is not how I wanted this to go Dean,” he squeezes Dean’s shoulder, thumb pressed almost tenderly to his neck. “When that blond girl walked in here last night I shoulda known, y’know. Dean Winchester, the righter of wrongs. I knew you were gonna figure me out.”
But, hasn’t Dean had those same thoughts? Hasn’t he wondered if Alex and Jody and Claire fell into their lives by accident or were dragged into this mess by design? He honestly doesn’t know which is the better option; that Chuck might have these people lined up to be collateral whenever he needs a quick dramatic climax to his latest story, or that the only reason their friends have survived for this long is because God doesn’t find them interesting enough
She’s attractive, there’s no denying that, but she’s also weirdly vibrant. Everyone else here seems to fade into the woodwork, hopeless and diminished. Not this woman. Maybe she hasn’t been here as long.
It feels strange, unexpected, but Dean doesn’t know enough about hacking credit cards to know for sure if it’s normal and it’s not like he can call Charlie to check. Bizarro Charlie is a genius hunter and strategist, but technology kinda grinds to a halt when your world is demolished by Angel nukes.
“Oh man, that is a question,” Dean laughs. “We have seen some messed up shit. Hey, you know there’s an alternate universe where me and Sam are just actors?”
“He always liked you,” Dean insists. John ran jobs with the Webb’s more than once or twice, which was a rare thing. “In fact, he said he’d never seen anybody better in a fight and that is high praise coming from my old man.”
“That’s him,” she murmurs, lines up her next shot, but she’s getting twitchy now. “Well, welcome to the club.”
He shuffles into the doorway, hunched and pale and miserable, and Dean doesn’t really need to ask but he does anyway;
. Dean isn’t exactly in control of his expressions at the moment; whatever his face does, Sam sighs.
Somehow Sam navigates Dean’s uncooperative meatsack up to the library, where Jack and Michael are talking. Dean doesn’t know what about because the second he crosses the threshold they turn to him in creepy angel synchronisation.
It’s a compelling argument, and there’s nothing in the room they can’t afford to lose so they hustle out of there. Unfortunately, she’s eaten her wheaties this morning and whatever boost Chuck’s given her means she removes the magic bullet and turns the tables on them in record time.
He doesn’t sound sure, and he’s clearly reluctant to mention it. Dean has to ask, “What kinda something?”
“Just like I promised,” the leviathan says, raises his arms like the greatest fucking showman and Dean wants to shoot him on principle.
He's still not interested but, well. He’s here, and he has to wait for Sally to show anyway, he might as well enjoy it. This is his kind of place, rustic and vaguely rowdy, cowboy hats in every direction. The house band is even decent.
Kaia stops them from opening fire on a bunch of shadowy creatures with red eyes, and after a tense few minutes the herd passes them by.
All he’s done for weeks is migrate between his bed and the kitchen, and now he can’t even do that without instigating a capital-T
“You know, Eileen, even if we did it wouldn’t matter.” Sharp and short. “Souls from hell can’t go to heaven. Friend of ours just found that out. I’m sorry.”
They don’t know any reaper coyotes since Ajay got stabbed through the heart, and Billie ain’t exactly in the habit of offering them favours for no reason but maybe she’ll take a trade, Dean’s life for Cas’, and, hell, maybe then Chuck would leave Sam and everyone else alone, if Dean was already off the board, if--
“Well, then I guess we hit the books,” Sam says. He’s already scanning the shelves closest when Dean drops his head to the table with a thump.
Yeah, he usually does. But Sam always did have hang ups when people’s coping methods were different to his. Sam talks about his shit when he’s good and ready, not a minute before, but god forbid other people need processing time. It’s one of the things Sam inherited from Dad,
“No,” Sam is quick to reassure her. “Nobody put us up to this. We’re just headed that way and wanted to know if there’s anything up there.”
They say their goodbyes, get their patented Garth Hug and head to the impala. As he unlocks the car, Dean catches sight of Bess and Garth swaying softly together in the kitchen, happy and together and so clearly in love, and thinks he’d like to have that in the Bunker one day, maybe.
is boring and your dad is just looking to be entertained! Which means we’re his puppets. All of us. Especially you.”
He can feel his walls crumbling in the face of losing Cas here, again, and without even thinking he falls back on a habit he’s been avoiding for months, years.
It’s a trap. Yeah, no shit it’s a trap. But they are the starving mice looking at that big ol’ tasty cheese and without it they’re going to die. Sometimes you know a trap is a trap, but you gotta trip the wire and rig the system.
She doesn’t answer, of course she doesn’t; she’s deaf, but she doesn’t say anything either. Dean listens hard to the scratchy static of the phone dragging across fabric and he can just make out a distant voice saying, “--helpful Sam, now sit still-” and then a faint grunt.
“Bye Dean,” Chuck says, then a soft whistling sound of air  in the speaker before the call cuts off.
“Mmhmm,” Billie nods. “He’s been a busy boy, extinguishing galaxies. Wiping the slate clean. For the end.”
He’s slumped behind a tree, hunkered down between the roots, panting and roughed up, but he’s whole and he’s
Guess who finsihed their degree?! So hoping to make updates weekly, barring any other world crises ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
“Look,” he snaps, so much for keeping cool. “Be pissed at me all you want, pal, but this is important!”
Anyway. Point is, they don’t exactly have a solution to their bad luck situation yet, and in the mean time there isn’t much that can go horrifically, inconveniently wrong when they’re sat in a literally baby-proofed sitting room. Still, he thinks maybe they’re pushing it by getting them to hold the twins.
“Killing her alphas,” Goatee drawls, and yeah, sounds like Eve. “Swallowing her leviathan. Bringing you to her should earn us a nice reward.”
“Well,” Cas snaps back, finally drops the book and stands to get in Dean's face. “If it’s so important, you do it. I wouldn’t want to screw it up.”
Dean needn’t have worried. Sam simmers quietly, pours the overflow into whatever he needs to get done. The 8 ball drops into the pocket smooth as fucking butter.
More to the point, the ancient equipment still works, and Dean goes to town on the closest punching bag until the built up tension in his shoulders loosens, until the angry uncomfortable throb eases into a nice deliberate ache.
“The Occultum?” Sam repeats. His eyebrows furrow, Dean can practically hear the cogs turning. “Occultum… that’s Latin for
“Don’t you fuckin’ know it,” he winks, leans over to audibly whisper to Lorna, “Lucky 13 was out go-to hook up room in the motels of our troubled youth.”
Cas steps a little further away, stands with his back obviously open - good play, make the idiot following them think he has a clear shot - and Dean follows suit, leans in to look closer at the body. The thing is mummified, flesh dried out and blessedly little gross body smell.
He leaves a glass of water and some Tylenol on Sammy’s bedside cabinet, and heads straight for his own memory foam.
And then his brain kicks in and everything rushes back as quickly as it went out - Purgatory, leviathan,
help, Dean ain’t exactly feeling accommodating when he can see the nasty purple bruising all up Jody’s face.
He thinks of Ben, that year of teaching him how to maintain an engine and talk to girls. He thinks of Claire, and the look on her face when he and Cas gave her the first birthday presents she’d had in years. He thinks of Krissy and her little gang of friends, hunting out there somewhere alone, and Emma, the Amazon child with his DNA who’d lived 16 years in 3 days before she was shot through the heart.
He’s still considering calling her anyway, just to check, when he’s nearly hamstrung by a guy way too old to be skateboarding and to top of a stellar trip, there’s a ticket stuck to Baby’s windscreen.
“Hey,” Dean suggests, thinks he keeps his tone on the better side of neutral. “Why don’t you go see if Cas and Jody are having any luck?”
And Dean is trying, dammit! He really is, but he ain’t exactly a saint and his patience is wearing thin and how the fuck is supposed to talk to Cas when Cas keeps putting literal barriers between them.
They hang around the red game table for a hour with no biters. It’s not like they can even afford a drink or two to pass the time, even, and Dean doesn’t do well with waiting. Everyone in here is wary and suspicious, but he figures they’re also desperate and if there’s one thing he’s aces at it's playing at dumb and careless.
When it fades, he daren’t look. His eyelids burn bright afterglow red, and before he can focus on anything, something touches his face. Soft and gentle, big hands cup his jaw on either side of his face and he can’t look, he can’t-
Stupid fucking angel, he knows damn well how texting works and chose to ignore Sam anyway. Chuck could have gone after him at any time and he wouldn’t have had a clue, all because he was so caught up in avoiding Dean. It’d be on him, if Chuck had taken Cas out while he was out there alone because of Dean’s bullshit. It’d have been his fault.
He’s starting to cut those ties, he thinks. But only tentatively. And with copious amounts of alcohol.
“No!” she says immediately. “Only for your luck. And if you lose, your lives are mine. You threatened my baby, my livelihood. An example must be made.”
Lee always did know how to strong-arm him into a good time. And Dean almost always enjoyed the ride. He knocks his drink back and makes his way up to the stage, heart pounding like crazy.
Michael allows himself to be lead passively, but as soon as they close the door he starts pacing like a caged lion. Every muscle in Dean’s shoulders is bunched up tight.
You win, you get lucky. You lose, your luck runs out, and then you stumble back to the real world and whatever fatal misfortune awaits you.
He’s saved from having to answer that by some douche harassing a girl, and then it really is like the old days and they get to kick the shit of the d-bag together.
And Dean steps back all at once, the cue comes out with an awful wet noise and Lee drops. Dean throws the cue down too, then sags onto the pool table and just--- shakes a little.
Dean does wonder, vaguely, how much Chuck orchestrated outside of their own little bubble. Did he mark Jimmy Novak as Cas’ vessel knowing how to would destroy Claire’s life? Did he sit there and write out the convoluted mess that was Alex’s nest? Does he handpick psychics like he does prophets, or is that a natural selection thing? Did he nudge Death towards Sioux Falls all those years ago just to drag Jody into the life? Or was it enough to simply create Eve and the alphas, create monsters and then proudly send them off to ruin as many lives as possible?
“No,” Dean says. Steps forward, slowly, one foot at a time. Keeps his eyes on Chuck’s the whole time. “Not this Sam. And not this Dean. So you go back to Earth 2 and play with your other toys. Because we will never give you the ending that you want.”
And it feels good that they faced down God and won, however briefly. Chuck has been this huge, nebulous threat hanging over them for months, but they stood up to him today and lived. For whatever reason, Dean is buoyed by that.
Dean didn’t bring enough cash to cover his basket so Teddy confiscates his goods, leaves him empty-handed and wondering how the hell their reliable, no fuss card that’s worked flawlessly for 5 years is suddenly declined.
just happened before the jig is up, Ashley pulls herself free, flashes her white eyes and surprise, she’s actually Lilith.
Chuck smiles, more vibrant than Dean has ever seen him look, and his whole visage flickers and then it’s Amara standing by the stove.
Dean damn near chokes on his own spit. Obviously Lee is more out here than he thought. Lorna pours him another shot, smiles like she’s gonna eat him alive, and Lee did always know how to pick a good woman.
The change is more worrying for being so unexpected. Sam can deal with Dean’s drinking, his hopelessness. He doesn’t know what to do with…
“Hey, remember those sisters in Wichita Falls?” Lee laughs, wicked glint in his eyes. “Gorgeous brunettes, and Deano here fell flat on his ass right in front of ‘em! Real pick up artist this guy--”
and then it crashes into him all at once that he’s looking at Castiel for the first time in weeks and all the pretty words he thought he might say have gone.
Sam scoffs, but doesn’t argue. He might be able to out-research Dean any day of the week, but he knows Dean is right about this. He shakes his head, sighs out a slow breath and it’s as good a go-ahead as Dean is gonna get.
“Oh you fixed part of it,” Merle takes great delight in correcting him. “You slapped up some anti-demonic, monster warding. You didn’t come close to restoring the original cosmic grade stuff.”
, the Lucky Elephant Casino is deserted. The empty parking lot, unmanned foyer and abandoned drinks lined up across the bar remind Dean of the zombie flicks Jack loved, and they proceed with the same kind of suspicious caution.
Dean wakes up groggy and sore, with some vague fifties music stuck in his head and a weird urge to tap dance. His whole face feels numb and swollen, but Garth smiles at him and guides him up to the living room.
And, no. No. Dean doesn’t mean to forget about the people they’ve lost. Fuck knows he hasn’t forgotten a single person he’s ever let down in his 40 years. But they should honour them, do good in their memories, make them proud wherever they are.
Michael would have helped anybody but himself under any circumstances, and he figures they owe Adam for this Michael seeing the light. “Before you go. Can I talk to him?”
Dean never thought he’d miss the original apocalypse, but at least then he had something to do. At this rate, he’ll die of boredom before Chuck is done with his universe purge.
Because Death and an ancient cosmic entity have some kind of deal where they feed Jack angel hearts like candy, ‘roid him up good and proper, then point him at Chuck and let them fight to the death.
Sam finds him in the kitchen, later. Sat on the floor with an empty six pack, staring blindly at the polished chrome.
It’s not much to go on, but at this point Dean will take anything to keep them from stewing in dust particles and frustration.
“Bet you’ve even got real silver bullets in that gun,” says Thing One, snarling at Dean like the badly drawn cartoon character he is.
. He just isn't feeling it right now, okay, and it's not like he's had a break in 10 damn years. He's entitled to a few days to fucking process or whatever.
When he straightens up, there’s a flash of otherworldly blue eyes in the mirror, and he twists so quickly he falls into the sink but it’s gone, he’s gone, there’s nothing--
“Go!” She yells, and Dean ain’t gonna wait to be told twice. He grabs Kaia, Real-Kaia, and hauls her back towards the portal.
“That’s the difference between you and me,” she says as she reaches the end. Turns to stare them down once again. “I see the big picture. I understand that one life means nothing in the grand scheme. That girl,” she says, honing in on Jack again. “You saved from a dying world. You think hers was the only one? They’re all dying. All the worlds. Each and every world but this one.”
Dean braces for Cas to shout back, thinks this is it; they can vent all their frustrations and move on.
It would have saved them so much pain; him and Sam, and Jack, and. And Cas. But what’s done is done, now.
He’s tempted for a moment to abandon this none-case and stay, tuck in to this amazing breakfast and then research together, the three of them. Except, it’s not Eileen he thinks of when he thinks
Lee wrestles him off, but he’s out of practice, stumbling up and away while Dean rolls and grabs a chair, brings it down on his back. Lee gets up, though, grabs an abandoned bottle and smashes it over Dean’s sore shoulder. Dean flinches back, arms up to protect his face from the glass, and Lee grabs the pool cue from the rack and whacks it at Dean’s still raised arms.
Cas sits there like a marble friggin statue, hands folded placidly in his lap and not making eye contact. It’s like the old days, when he buzzed with otherworldly energy and wouldn’t understand a social norm if it slapped him on the ass. Only now he’s just being an ignorant dick on purpose, avoiding meeting Dean’s eye deliberately.
Pihrahna-face ‘knows a place’, that’s ‘not far’, ain’t that convenient, but false lead or not it’s the only lead they got.
She flops down next to him on the porch steps, doesn’t actually laugh at him but her face is lit up with humour in a way it often isn't. It suits her.
Cas basically reorganised the archives single-handedly before their last face-to-face with Chuck, so he takes Jody down to there to see if they’ve got any more hand-of-God level artefacts squirrelled away.
He should go to bed, before he slips full tilt into those miserable, inescapable thoughts. He should at least pretend to sleep in lieu of the real thing, but he can’t make himself get up. He starts on a third beer, no, wait, there’s three empties already on the table, this must be his fourth.
Which is fair, he supposes. But it's also not an answer. The Lilith who obliterated that police station full of people back in Monument, Colorado was not the kinda demon to stage a none-lethal theatrical performance just to get a gun back. Dean needs to measure up her strings.
Dean goes straight to the shower room, scrubs himself raw with Sam’s expensive raspberry and vanilla bodywash, and still smells fire and brimstone.
“I was thinking we should check the archives,” he says, and he’s not even finished the thought before Cas says;
And Dean wants to help, he does. He knows he hasn’t been pulling his weight the last few weeks, and he wants to make up for that.
It’s easy to track the wolves down because they took Ashley back to their own house, which is stupid. Even stupider is the fact that they took her and tied her up instead of outright eating her, and they’re arguing really fucking loudly about it when Dean and Sam pull up.
Lee always loved karaoke, though, and they’d spent many a night getting smashed and singing along to any vaguely rocky tune on the rosters of so many backroad bars. It was part of their ritual, after the hunt and before they stumbled back to lucky room 13 and fell into each other.
He can’t promise he won’t lose his shit again, he can’t promise he won’t lash out when that anger at the core of him inflates so much he can’t breathe. But he can try to direct it in the right place, at least.
Sammy the teenage witch has got them covered, though - they still have Rowena’s spell that portals them straight down the ladder.
“Oh shut up you useless lesbian, what do you know!” Alex says, but they’re both smiling as they head into the dining room and start laying out cutlery.
A little too understanding. And maybe it’s just because he’s still a little shaky and fragile, but Dean can’t handle another gentle rejection right now.
Maybe he can. They just need to loophole their way out of this curse, hunt down God and stop him from blinking them out of existence. Easy.
Yeah, that sounds likes Chuck. Sam paces, eyes his next move. Fortuna keeps ranting, now they’ve found a sore spot.
Thinking of Chuck back then makes him think of Cas back then, too. Castiel, Angel of the Lord, turning his back on Heaven for humans, for the Winchesters, for
Joey turns his coin over in his fingers, then sets it on the bench with his hat, a soldier retiring his weapon. Then he explodes into a coughing fit, wipes his mouth with his hand and pulls it away bloody.
“Alright,” Sam agrees finally. “Look, if- if its what Eileen wants then we can go to Rowena’s place and look for a crystal. Been meaning to do that anyway since…”
“Well, I’m glad you approve,” Lee clinks their glasses, looks Dean right in the eyes. “There is nothing you can’t have man.”
“Yeah, we would’ve,” Dean says. And then, because Sam still looks like a kicked puppy and this is obviously more about Rowena than it is about Jack, he adds, “Look man, I get it. We have lost way,
Cas’ eyes soften, and he looks at Dean like he can see through his soul, and when he clinks their tumblers together it feels like forgiveness.
“It’s just. All so random. And, and awful.” Her eyes are drooping. “Wouldn’t it be great if it was planned out for you? If everything was already decided?”
“You saved my bacon first, call it even.” Then he tries, “I, uh. I suck at this sort of thing, but Sammy would say it helps to talk about it.”
“I don’t know what’s happening here, Dean. I- I had no idea this was gonna involve ingesting some magic sphere and then disappearing!”
“Nothing?” he insists. “You saved us. And blew up a bunch of monsters. That’s not nothing, that’s--”
“Well, ignore it if you want, but I can’t. None of this makes any sense, dude, and if we’d listened to Billie before, she would’a had you
Voices echo from the war room as he nears, so Dean ducks onto the kitchen steps instead of going for the stash in the library. He only catches snippets -
“Are we seriously,” Cas says slowly, turns to face them both head on, the closest he’s been to looking Dean in the eye for days but still not quite right and it rubs Dean exactly the wrong way. “Talking about going to Hell to try to speak to Michael?
He’s even more floored when he rounds the kitchen door to find Dean is smiling, and he’s smiling because he’s looking right at-
Eileen knew in theory that they were being played by God. Now she has first-hand experience. That’s gonna take some adjustment, Dean knows, from hunting banshees and wraiths to gunning for the biblical Creator. He can’t imagine how Eileen is taking it, being dragged back to life just to be a pawn in Chuck’s life-size chess game. Dean met God in person over a decade ago, and still found himself all tangled up in his own strings for the last few months.
Sheriff Dillon does give Dean two useful pieces of information though. One, Angela has no living family and no permanent ties in town. Perfect victim, not many people will miss her. And B, the girl who reported her missing is probably going to be at Swayze’s Bar.
“All I’m saying-” Dean pre-empts, before Sam can derail him. Dean is well aware of the shitshow surrounding them, but Sammy has a chance at a little happiness in that and Dean is gonna make sure he doesn’t wave at it as it passes him by. “-is you-- you could do worse.”
“Listen to yourself, ‘we’re owed’? ‘We deserve’? C’mon man, you’re not God. Hell, God’s not even God!”
,” Dean spits, hurls the bottle at the things feet, shattering glass like a bullet, echoing across the walls. “Fuck you, Cas! You took that from us, made it- made it the end before we even got the beginning! And I never got to say-- I swallowed it down so many times because it was
And… yeah. He’s still angry about Mom, but it’s not like he can dump 100% of the blame on Jack with Chuck yanking all their chains. Jack is family, he’s basically a Winchester, he was bound to make mistakes but he didn’t deserve what it got him in the end.
Sam starts flapping his hands again, so Dean derails him by tossing his bandana at Sam’s damp face. He doesn’t use it, just twists it between his fingers anxiously.
“Hello boys,” she says, and Dean’s never been happier to see Rowena McLeod in the flesh. “You did say you wanted to see the one in charge.”
thinking about whether Chuck is the reason Cas left again - he won’t ever know for sure, and he’s only just starting to claw his way out of that pit of doubt and despair.)
Dean honestly isn’t sure how helpful a guy who can accidentally marry a djinn queen for a holy dragon fruit can be when it comes to relationship advice but, sure, okay. Whatever his face says, Claire laughs at him. Then;
“-Okay, one, three bottles of jaeger is nobodies friend,” Dean says, knocks back another shot. “And b, they were twins.”
Cas still isn’t answering his phone, that’s not exactly new. Freedom might be an illusion, but some things don’t change. Sam texts him the need-to-knows, tries to call him every evening when he thinks Dean’s passed out.
And granted, Dean hasn’t had much happiness in his life, but he knows it’s not something you’re owed, something you earn. He learned that lesson when Amara brought mom back.
And Dean wants to be offended for Garth, he’s done so much for them over the years. Too much. Like spending Christmas locked in a trunk. And he does it all with a smile and a hug and barely any questions asked.
The shade flickers to his left, nobody is here so Dean lets himself look at the decorative buttons on the backrest through the thing’s chest. If he lets his eyes unfocus, the faded blue tie almost blends into the worn brown leather.
“Adam, I want you to know,” Dean says, swallows every instinct that tells him it’s pointless. “We are sorry. What happened to you…. You’re a good man, you didn’t deserve that.”
Cas’ scowl melts into something soft and sad, eyes big and earnest, and Dean can’t read whatever is written there, but it doesn’t stop him from trying.
Lee knocks on the cage door, and something jumps up, ugly and scaly and spiky and nothing Dean has seen before.
“Remember that time he caught us wasted on a hunt? He was so mad I thought he was gonna have an aneurysm!”
Texhoma is a small, quiet. Three roads in to town, a roadhouse at either end and the sheriff’s department slap bang in the middle.
, and it might not be the same one who took Dean’s meatsuit for a joyride but this one still signed the world off as collateral damage in his petty family squabble.
“We’re batting zero,” Dean says. Resists the urge to bang his head down on the table, just. Concussion isn’t going to help anybody.
It’s one of the only rooms in this place with natural light, opaque orange-coloured glass windows line the top of the walls giving the space a time-capsule feel; frozen in 1958.
That unfortunate revelation is immediately tempered by the fact that Dean apparently has seventeen cavities.
Those experiences are the furthest this from universal you can get, but whatever. Dean can't make anything right id Cas won't give him chance. He keeps his expression as flat as he can, can’t exactly tell the queen she’s full of shit when they’re waiting on a favour.
Dean takes his arm-pothecary to the kitchen, Sam collects Eileen and Cas. They all hang back while Sam gets his witch on, mixes the ingredients and fumbles through Rowena’s notes for the right incantation.
Donny hasn’t sensed any shift in the force, or whatever, but Dean tells him to keep his ears open and that’s about all he can do from his room.
Heaven probably doesn’t have the man power for a purgatory rescue anymore, especially if Eve is running the joint again. Rowena might let them take the back door outta Hell, but she said herself that the hoardes of Hell were on the sparce side right now.
Ashley asks him to stay and he can’t say no. She’s young and scared and convinced Wolfenstein is gonna come after her.
Joey is a chill dude hanging quietly in a corner nursing a drink - he hasn’t moved since they got here but everyone who walks past nods at him. He’s the big kahuna, no doubt.
“Suit yourself.” He sets the second one back on the shelf, pours himself a generous measure and takes it to the table. He prods the corner of Cas’ phone where it lays. “Anything interesting?”
Maybe it’s the difference between Chuck’s plot direction and Sam’s own choices, or maybe it’s an arbitrary technicality that Dean is getting hung up on.
had his soul eaten, been kidnapped by Lucifer’s jilted ex-vessel or been driven crazy by a really old rock.
And then the phone rings, and because the universe can’t let them have a single moments peace, Jody says, “Dean, I’m in trouble.”
“We’ll find one,” Dean insists, the irony not lost on him that they had this very conversation in reverse not two weeks ago. “We’ll figure something out.”
Case in point; Dean hasn’t even got his headphones back on before Sam barges into his bedroom, barks, “Library, now,” and leaves again without closing the door.
It’s domestic. Soft. Relaxed and cosy and companionable. It’s what the bunker should feel like, has felt like. But it doesn’t anymore.
But Sam is kinda spacey, keeps looking at the doorway. He only vaguely disapproves in Dean’s general direction, then he slams his laptop shut and goes for a run.
Sam occasionally asks Dean to drive them places - the library, a few museums, sometime a university archive. Mike could zap them all there in seconds, but Sam looks earnest and sad when he asks so Dean obliges.
He’d been talking about the Trials, known then that Sam would have to die to complete them and had let them dive in blind anyway, the prick. But….
He still feels a little sick when Shifty the shifter and his looming bodyguard Vamp McFangs talk shit about them being a spectacle for the monster masses to enjoy, so Dean talks shit right back.
He’s more than happy to chat shit right up until Cas lights him up, then he turns stubbornly, sullenly silent while they cuff him and bundle him into the car.
“I’m not going,” she cries, over the rush of wind, and they can’t stop, they can’t stay to talk her out of it when the fog is coming in faster and faster.
He picks up another jar, something green and wet, turns it over in his hands and watches the air bubbles slowly glug upwards through the thick fluid. Gross.
He’s probably never going to find out for sure, and it’s like a constant scratching at the inside of his skull that even good company and better chilli can't quite distract him from.
“That was our chance,” Sam says, clearly in the mood to torture himself from all angles. “To stop Chuck.”
Dean staggers up, over to where Eileen is spirit-wrestling with Evil Blonde the Younger. She points Dean towards the witchskin rug and then helpfully distracts the spirit long enough for him to douse the body in absinthe and get his lighter to actually light. Witch Lite goes up in seconds, praise be to Rowena’s expensive taste.
Apparently, it’s a question the universe decides they deserve an answer to not half an hour later, when Jack strides purposefully back through the library and declares;
Christ knows they could all use some rest before they dive face first back into research. Every single one of them is drained, exhausted. They need to keep from burning out altogether, Dean just isn’t sure how.
He’d know that voice anywhere, Hell or Earth or otherwise, and the demons back off immediately while they scramble to their feet.
All of these women have suffered horribly in one way or another, but they’ve found each other, forged their own little family. However shitty the last few months (years) have been for Dean and Sam, the world goes on.
“Smart, why would you?” Frustration is building in his chest, itching up his neck. “Look. I don’t know if you care or not but God-- Chuck is back on the board. So watch your back. And check your damn messages!”
“Cas,” he starts, and suddenly all those words are there, and there’s so much he needs to say it all gets tuck in his throat. “I--”
Except, turns out there is no greater good, just Chuck playing with his life-size action figures and Dean doesn’t know if he’s ever made an autonomous decision in his entire life.
Makes it easy to set up their trap in a nice, secluded little overhang; not much space for Michael to avoid the holy oil, good hidey hole next door for him and Sam to wait for their cue.
Dean leaves Sam and Cas conspiring in the hall, snatches a bottle of JD from the library stash and goes up to the gym.
“Because I’m taking the Mark,” Cas says when it’s done. “Someone else will have to destroy this. You or Sam.”
The pool hall at the end of the universe looks like every other ramshackle backroads gambling den from the outside, creaky boards and faded paint and all. It might be a get-lucky-or-die-trying magic deal situation, or people might just lose the last of their money here and then wander despairingly into the moors to die all on their own.
“As long as you feed it,” Lee explains, and the pieces click into place, the line in his arm taped to the bars. It needs blood. “It gives you money, gives you health. Anything you dream of.”
“So, what,” Dean sighs. Snaps his laptop shut. “You got your panties twisted over Amara? Or Billie? Just so we’re clear.”
Six rashers in and he feel almost like a passable excuse for a human again. Almost. He flicks through the news out of habit, bookmarks a few potential cases. Dean’s tried alcohol and avoidance, he next step is to add in the tried and trusted catharsis of killing things.
She looks between them slowly, like she hasn’t known them long enough to know this kind of absurd longshot is standard, then seems to realise they aren’t joking and her smirk falls into resigned acceptance.
“Is that real bacon?” Dean asks, because like a week ago Sam was having kittens about going vegetarian. “’Cause you know, you--” but Sam looks kinda squirrelly and there’s only one thing that makes Sam crave greasy breakfast.
“Maybe,” Dean says, cautiously. Swallows. “Maybe between Cas and Eileen, when this is all over we both got a shot at happiness, huh?”
As much as Dean wants to dive right in to kicking Chuck’s pasty ass, she’s right. It’s been a really shitty few days, a little unconsciousness might be nice. As a treat.
is next, and he's considering watching the 2002 live action Scooby just for the sheer genius of Sarah Michelle Gellar as Daphne before he decides it’s probably close enough to noon to treat himself to another bowl of cereal. He might even put milk in it. Really indulge.
“So then, what happened?” Sam asks. Dean pulls bloody cotton swabs outta his tingly cheeks. “Chuck downgraded us?”
“You made it,” he manages, and his breathing really doesn’t sound good even for a being that doesn’t strictly need to breathe.
For a beat, he wonders if he’s made a mistake, if this Rowena might not quite be their Rowena. Time is wonky in Hell, they don’t know how long she’s been stewing down here, how much she could have been corrupted before seizing power. Then she says;
But his last milk run was a complete shitshow, and it’s one of those things his mind keeps drifting towards.
, so they can shout and punch and rage at you until they get it out of their system and forgive you.
“Yeah, 13 years ago.” It’s been so long, and most of Dean’s friends never met John. He’s not used to people asking, not sure what he’s expected to say. “But, hey. He was doing what he loved the most; kicking ass and taking names.”
“He is,” Dean says. “Trust me, he’s glad to have Jack back, really he is. But. You picked a hell of a week to vanish, buddy. It’s been a real fuckin’ trip. Sammy just needs a breather.”
It’s been one thing after another for weeks, months, friggin’ years, and Dean never did learn how to open up until all his bullshit bubbled right over. The anger is more familiar than anything else curdling in his stomach, he clings to it like a comfort blanket.
He can’t leave Sam to deal with Chuck alone, but maybe if they miraculously survive, they can come back for Cas after.
He scrambles to his feet like it’s actually his job to wait on the queen of Hell and not just a show of subservience.
It is quiet, though, waiting for something to happen, and maybe that’s what really sets Dean on edge.
“So,” Sam says, loudly. “Eileen, why don’t you make yourself at home while we, uh, work out a way to help you. Dean, can I talk to you for a second.”
“Which part,” Dean mutters into his beer. “Jack’s deal with Death, or the part where she’s got him eating angel hearts?”
With a snap of his fingers, Mike opens a portal as easy as anything, even with the enochian cuffs. He was right, they really should have pulled him outta the cage instead of Lucifer way back when. Would’ve saved them chasing the D-bag down over and over again for the last five years.
His nerves were already amped up before Sam reading him the riot act, what with Chuck turning Donny into a walking bluetooth receptor and the thought of facing Michael again.
They’ll have to deal with Chuck soon, have to work out a new plan of attack before he regroups and comes after them again. But they bought themselves some time.
“Michael, the out of his head Archangel?” Rowena giggles, high and girlish, and that is not a sound Dean ever thought he’d hear in Hell. “This just gets better.”
When he wakes up, groggy and disorientated, 14 hours later, the pleasant buzz still tingles vaguely under his skin. Like a weight he didn’t know he was still carrying has finally been lifted.
, classic, and since Dean has the place to himself for once he brings his laptop and a couple of beers to his favourite spot in the library, props his feet up on the table and settles in.
Lee nods, like he has any idea, but before Dean can be annoyed by more overbearing sympathy, Lee goes on.
Sam huffs through his nose like he does when he knows Dean is bullshitting him. Perched on the arm of the other chair with his hands clasped in his lap and his lips pursed he looks like a friggin guidance counsellor.
It takes a sec to remember how to stay in tune, not over-exaggerate the highs and lows of his voice, but it’s fun once he lets himself get into it.
It’s as good as Dean can do with Adam and Michael both itching to jump ship, and it still doesn’t feel like enough.
ean was surprised by the obvious use of a Star Wars reference. Sometimes it was easy to forget that Metatron imbued Castiel with a vast knowledge of pop culture some time ago. “Did you just quote Luke Skywalker at me?”
The thing about it all, was that none of it was old-fashioned. Sure, to Dean it was. But this was all new to everyone else. It was like stepping into a black and white Twilight Zone episode. Dean was just relieved he wasn’t alone in this one.
Dean reemerged a short time later with a completely different outfit. The gray pleated pants were replaced by dark cuffed jeans, black boots, and a white undershirt. A leather jacket completed the outfit, making Dean look like a badass Greaser.
Dean ignored the mangled phrase and patted Castiel on the shoulder. “There ya go. The 1950’s was kinda cool- I mean they got Elvis Presley and poodle skirts.” The hunter glanced at his uniform-clad companion with a nod. “Gotta admit, though, I’m digging the outfit. Definitely better than a poodle skirt.”
Castiel swiftly turned the flashlight off. They kneeled to the ground, behind a few grave markers, and kept silent. But it was too late. Male voices grew louder- boisterous. The group of men from the Peppermint Club followed must have followed them, itching for a fight.
“Drink slowly,” Dean remarked to his friend. “I don’t think he likes us,” referring to the bartender who was already preoccupied with other customers.
Sam laughed. “Garth! Man, how’s it going?” Garth let go, allowing Sam to turn to face the tall lanky werewolf. He saw the distraught expression from Garth and said, “Garth. It’s alright.”
“Oh, yes.” She moved to leave. “If you need anything, I will be at the front desk.” She made a small hum sound as if she just finished a scrumptious piece of pie, and then quickly left the room.
The rain was heavy and cold, and Sam was soaked through just from the jog between the parked Impala and the door. He hopped foot to foot waiting for someone to answer his knock. He glanced down to the soggy boxed pie and hoped it was still edible.
“Oh no. no no no no.” Mrs. Smalls raised the hand that wasn’t on little Billy’s shoulder, to cover her mouth for a moment. She continued, “The voice did strike me as odd though- deep, guttural. It was most assuredly a man’s voice.”
“The energy I told you about. We, Jack and I, have a theory that the loss of this energy is…” Castiel paused and looked at Dean. “This energy is the anomaly’s life force- it’s bleeding out. Slowly, but every time it loses some of its essence, it grows weaker.”
“Dean,” Castiel nudged the hunter’s elbow. The drinks lay on the bar in front of them. Dean lifted his drink to the bartender as if in thanks but all he got back were narrowed beady eyes.
“Oh, here let me get that from ya.” Sam passed the box over and took his coat off. “Claire is on coat duty”, she said looking around the house from where they stood, “but of course she disappeared. She and Kaia are probably off doing… well, let’s not think about that.”
ean was in his element. He lucked out and managed to find an unoccupied 1956 Chevy Bel-Air hardtop, sky blue and ivory exterior, with matching interior vinyl bucket seats. Dean breathed in that old car smell and smiled to himself.
“I feel slightly better. That poison took a lot out of me. I should be back to full power in a few days’ time.”
It continued throughout the night- hugs and beer and pie and holding back tears. Though that last one was unsuccessful. Everyone at some point lost the strength to fight them back. Donna was holding Jody; Jody had one arm around Claire; Claire had an arm around Alex. The link went on.
And he tried to ignore the stares. The bartender leaned towards them; the glaring became too unbearable. Dean took that as their cure to leave. He bumped Castiel’s arm toward the exit. Thankfully, that was all it took for the angel to understand. Maybe he was more aware of the glares than Dean thought.
“The cemetery is 10 miles west of here. It’s still too early to go sneaking around without raising some eyebrows. Way I see it, we’re here.  We might as well kick back a little, enjoy the “Golden age”. Besides, man, I’ve been here for how long? And I haven’t touched a drink once?! I think I deserve a little hooch, huh? When was the last time you let loose a little too? We both deserve it.”
The library itself was pretty much precisely as you’d expect. A kiosk stood by the front entrance. It was littered with pamphlets and signs for book readings, informational classes, and a kids’ “knowledge is power” artwork display on a corkboard.
“So, there’s no way to get back to heaven?” Castiel nodded in acknowledgement. “Well, this just keeps getting better and better. Got any good news?” Dean finished with hope in his tone.
Adam had a regular childhood, a normal mom. He probably doesn’t have the same hangups as Dean. The kid asked for an apology, maybe the least they can do is give him one even if it is too little too late.
Michael scowls at him, then decides to needle Sam instead and some small, traitorous part of him is relieved.
He lucks out - the corridor is empty, Sam’s bedroom door is firmly shut, and in the library his scattered research books have been piled haphazardly in the middle of a table.
Lee looks the same as he did when they were 23 - Jon Bon Jovi hair curling around his ears, smile too easy, ease in every line of his body.
He said some shit he didn’t really mean, heaped the blame at Cas’ feet because he didn’t want to take responsibility.
“Okay,” Dean mumbles to the glass bottles cradled to his chest. Screw this. “You made your point, Sammy.”
That doesn’t sound like the Hell Dean remembers, which took everything from you, then stitched your flesh back onto your bones and took everything all over again, but it’s been a hot minute. It does jive with Crowley’s business model. And, the way Sam tells it, there’s been a power vacuum at the head of Hell Incorporated for a few years now.
No progress is made in the first 36 hours, and Dean goes to not-sleep in his room for a change, before the 70 year old armchairs eat his spine and give him a permanent hunchback.
Dean’s been so focused lately on not steeping himself in anger lately that he thinks maybe it’s working. Problem is, he hasn’t found anything to replace it with yet. He knows he should be boiling over, but instead he’s just kinda… numb.
“What,” she says, flatly. Dean, watching from the other side of the library, can see exactly how hard her eyes roll. He snorts, nudges Sam to make sure he’s watching too. “Is this some kind of bullshit male chivalry thing?”
trash the kitchen in one fell swoop and suddenly their bad luck starts to smack of outside interference.
He’s Bess’ cousin, apparently, and if he were human the gouges on his arms would have killed him. As it is, he’s lucky his attacker thought him dead and dumped his body without a double tap. Swamp stank or not, at least he’s alive.
The research room is below the infirmary and is named, Sam informed him once, because the Letters used to conduct questionably-ethical experiments down here. They hardly ever use it for anything now, but some of the Apocalypse World hunters cleaned it up when they were here and Dean was-- well. Otherwise occupied.
“It’s true,” Dean said, feeling mildly defensive. “I didn’t believe him at first either, tried to kill him the first time we met on earth because I was so sure anything that powerful had to be evil. And I wasn’t totally wrong, most angels are dicks. But Cas is a good one.”
“I’d appreciate that, Dean,” Castiel had said. And he’d found himself wondering about Dean’s changed behavior.
Once their toddler was “de-stickyfied”, Dean’s term, they brought him out to the backyard to run around while they rested on the porch, enjoying the day off. It was still very much winter, but the weather was actually above freezing for the first time all week and it was nice to get some fresh air.
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “It’s been a lot of work, but I think we’re both very happy with how it’s turned out.”
Castiel had nodded consideringly, “Thank you, Sam. I’m sure that with your help I’ll be able to find stable employment.” He had certainly been correct, Castiel had been hired at the library a few months later and it paid much better than the Gas ‘N Sip.
Abby was his primary colleague for the closing shift. She was in her mid-twenties and Castiel found that she was good company, unobtrusive when he wasn’t in the mood to chat but also always willing to get into long-winded discussions about whatever one of them was reading that day if he was feeling social.
After they had spent most of dinner (the burger was good, but not outstanding) explaining the basics of ghosts, demons, and monsters, Abby squinted at them and said, “It’s so weird but it totally reminds me of this book series I was really into during high school.” Dean felt his stomach clench, anticipating her next question.
When they pull up at the local station in the morning, the Sheriff straight up tells them she doesn’t think it was an animal attack, mountain lion, psychotic bear or otherwise, and oh, hey, there’s a witness too! Great!
When the fridge finally comes up empty, he takes it as his call to action and drags his sorry ass into the shower. He shaves and dresses in fresh clothes, cleans the empties out of his room, makes his bed and puts on a load of laundry. Then he walks into town to get groceries, because he needs to breathe air that isn’t filtered and he also needs bacon.
He feels dirty letting her into baby, the sulfur stink is gonna linger for weeks. The cabin in the woods was a good 40 minutes from town and Dean valiantly manages to pretend he can’t see her staring at him like a predator for 15 before he has to break the silence.
Here, in Purgatory, is the first time in months he hasn't felt that roiling, simmering tension in his stomach, his chest, his heart.
The leaves rustle above and the roots beneath his feet creak and his own maddly fluttering heartbeat pounds in his ears.
Him and Sammy went through as many of their patented Winchester SOS codes with Cas and Jack briefly in the manic period between escaping Apocalypse World and Lucifer crashing back into their reality but just to be sure Cas follows, Dean flicks his eyes to the brush where he last heard movement.
Sure, maybe they can’t pick a lock or brawl like they used to, but they’re not completely useless. They have skills honed from necessity, from a life of limited funds and limitless travel.
If there’s one thing he hates more than villain monologues, it’s being headshrinked during a villain monologue. Worse, she’s one hundred percent nailed his thought process.
“When I play someone, I get a read on them,” Fortuna says, mocking. “And you. You’re just a beach read. Sexy, but skimmable.”
“Guys, you’e back,” he says, but Dean’s not listening because Cas is slumped over in an armchair, body limp, face slack, and so much like that reaper’s apartment years ago when Cas was fragile and human and
Claire kinda half shrugs, half nods, half shakes her head. “Thanks,” she says, quietly, to her knees. Then she side-eyes him, “Sorry about Cas.”
He frequently told Dean he wasn’t as good as Lee at hand to hand. Had told him he could learn a thing or two. Dean had learned an awful lot from Lee in their time together, but not exactly the things his dad had in mind.
Dean doesn’t really know what to say that isn’t more worthless platitudes, more hollow apologies. Chuck is an asshole,
Dean damn near rips the door from it’s hinges, but it’s not Cas, obviously it’s not Cas, because Cas is--
“Yeah, we were on route. I waited until I saw this,” he says, reaches into his coat and pulls out a goddamn Leviathan blossom from his Mary Poppins pockets and that’s great, but Dean can’t pull his eyes away from Cas’s face, his real, whole, stupid, handsome face.
supportive,” Sam says, exasperated, and grabs Dean’s shoulders before he can turn away. “I didn’t push when Cas left, when he was gone for weeks without answering his phone, even though he’s my friend too. I still don’t know what happened! Because neither of you jackasses will talk about it, you’d both rather
Dean waves back, and goes straight to the freezer. There’s some cookie dough in here somewhere, he knows--
They size each other up for a minute before they both crack and then they’re hugging like it’s not been 16 damn years.
He's got a high tolerance for Dean's particular brand of bullshit, but sounds like Sam's hit his limt. Dean's not interested in the impending intervention.
The blossoms are husks, apparently. Grow in groups of ten wherever a leviathan decomposes. Honestly, Dean wasn’t sure these toothy fucks could die naturally.
“I promised Kelly I’d look after Jack,” he says. Slides the phone off the table and slips it back into his coat. “Keep him safe. And instead I let him die. Twice.”
“But at least we’ve been not handling it together! Cas has been dealing on his own. And then he finally comes back here and you treat him like you’re trying to push him away! Again!”
Dean runs for the armoury without stopping to put his shoes on. The cold of the floor seeps through his socks, and he’s moving so fact he practically skids across the library, nearly knocks Jack flying but he doesn’t stop, can’t stop if maybe, just maybe--
Dean tries to smile reassuringly, but this next part is the stickler. “And the car went missing too right?”
“This place will bring that out in you,” Cas says, sadly. “Guilt. It was my fault the leviathan got out. It was my fault we were here the first time.”
He feels old and crotchety admitting it but, fuck, Dean hates it. The scratchy bleached sheets on small lumpy beds and mouldy showers with no pressure and miscellaneous carpet stains and no chance for a home-cooked meal. He hates it, but not as much as he hates how empty the bunker is now.
But Eileen fits here, in the bunker, researching how to kill God and opening portals to Hell like those things are normal.
God brought Cas back to them over and over and if that’s not suspect then Dean doesn’t know what is. Either he’s been a sleeper agent the whole time, or maybe Chuck just thought he was a good distraction for Dean, keep him off his game, keep him focused on the wrong things.
Cas has a table cleared when Dean makes it back to the library. The leviathan blossom is laid out next to the mortar and pestle and the nicer of their silver chalices is sat neatly in the centre. Cas is also holding a giant marble sphere that looks like it came straight outta middle-aged herbalist’s parlour.
“I wanted to take the seal so I could be the one to bind him,” Cas confesses to his hands. “I wanted to make him suffer.
“This place, where is it?” Sam asks, leaves the imploring eyebrows out this time. “I know you don’t want to tell us--”
Sam packs and Dean’s does a quick supply run (a six pack of beer, liquorice, water for Sammy and enough jerky to cover the 7 hour drive). By the time they’re ready to go, there’s been another attack reported, up to 5 vics, just to make them haul ass through the night.
Thing Two is even worse, halfheartedly fighting Sam off while waxing poetic about how none of this would have happened if it weren’t for his brother’s hankering for human hearts.
There’s a moment where they just look at each other, and Dean knows they’re both thinking of the conversations they used to have when they were drunk, or stoned, or in the hazy afterglow of frantic, risky sex.
“You didn’t give me a choice,” Cas says. “You couldn’t forgive me, and you couldn’t move on. You were too angry. I left, but you didn’t stop me.”
and- and avoid each other and, y’know what, I could maybe deal with that shit again if you weren’t being so fucking bitchy about it--”
Presumably him and Cas, human and angel, are still the same beacons of energy they were back then. So unless every monster in monsterland just friggin disappeared, where the hell are they?
Still, the mental image of snooker-balling God right in his squirrelly little face, of smacking that shiny rock into his holy teeth, is enough to make Dean grin.
“No he didn’t,” Cas agrees, and Dean knows he deserves it but it stings all the same. “He didn’t deserve to die, either. Chuck toyed with us all. And when you refused to play along, he. Took matters into his own hands.”
Marion gets agitated, starts banging against the door and it really isn’t sturdy enough. Dean has the sickening realisation that Lee must’ve been feeding this thing extremely regularly if that flimsy door has lasted this long, and then the hinges snap off.
at best. When the Angels fell, when they fought- killed each other, and he did nothing. I thought him wilfully ignorant when he hid from the Darkness. But I didn’t truly hate him until I watched, helpless, as he burned our son from his body.”
The kid waves his hands spooky-like, mock growls like you might to toddler. Laughs like it’s the best joke in the world, and maybe it is when you’ve been trapped in Hell for a decade, but Dean’s brain is stuttering like a scratched record.
She gives him a once over, assessing, then says, “Obviously that’s not happening now, so,” and gestures at the bloody antler holes in her chest like that’s the major problem here. “Oh well.”
“Yeah,” Sam jumps in, obviously thinking along the same lines. “She, uh, escaped when Chuck blew the doors open and- and then--”
“Unless you made a breakthrough in your research,” Cas enunciates, calm and collected. “I don’t think we have anything to discuss.”
“If we attack Chuck now, we don’t have anything that can hurt him,” Cas says, calm and firm. “We get that leviathan blossom, complete Michael’s spell, build the cage - that’s our chance. That’s the way we’ll save Sam. And that’s the way we’ll save the world.”
“We saw you following us,” Cas tells the guy. He has an awful scruffy goatee, like a Nickleback reject.
Werewolf genes or not, Dean hasn’t held an actual baby for a long time and these blonde haired little chunks manage to be both heavier than they look and somehow still feel incredibly small and fragile. He’s genuinely terrified that he might drop the kid on the pristine slate kitchen tiles.
Dean stays where he is, rolls his eyes at Lorna flittering by with an armful of empties, but Lee doesn’t let him of easy.
“But I can’t do it without you. I cant,” Sam says, painfully earnest. “Just like I couldn’t do it today without you. I need my brother.”
Dean interrogates a beaver, Sam has a conniption about overbearing suburban parents and they almost stab a cheerleader in broad daylight before they notice her disqualifying braceface. It’s a mess.
He doesn’t know why it always seems to be Cas that bears the brunt these days, except that Cas can take it.
“C’mon boy!” he jeers, points right at Dean, the bastard. “You can’t just sit around lipsyncing eye o’ the tiger when nobodies watching!”
He grabs his first beer, swallows a handful of cereal with it when Jack is watching, and tracks the reflection of dark, rumbled hair across the chrome counters.
his responsibility. Cas has chosen them over Heaven over and over, has given up so much to stay on Earth with them. It was Dean’s job to make sure Cas knew what he was doing, not to lash out and push him away, alone and vulnerable.
He starts by cooking them a proper dinner, burgers and home-made fries, and he even throws in some lettuce and tomato to appease Sammy’s inner health nut.
“He’s dead,” Jack says, every muscle in Dean’s body clenching before he qualifies, “Kind of. For now.”
He doesn’t even know where they stand on hunting in this bright new world. They haven’t talked about it since they closed the rift. Haven’t talked about anything, really, since their non-conversation about Cas, but especially this. Do they want to keep hunting if they’re really free?
“What that thing did to that family, to those kids,” Lee sighs, stands up again. “It stuck in my head. If evil like that exists in this world then guys like you and me- we ain’t ever gonna win! Best we can do is have a little fun. That last hunt I did, the one right around here. I found something.”
He slides silently into the seat next to Sammy, his physical presence the only support he can offer.
The one and only way they have ever opened a viable portal is by nephalim power or archangel juice, and the later they don’t have unless Cas’ creepy shaman comes through. The former, well. All the more frustrating; he’s right here, full battery and mostly compos mentis and hell, he even wants to help.
Sam, already a pale, dehydrated, bloody mess, goes damn near catatonic. It takes the combined efforts of both Dean and Cas to hoist him up from where he still kneels on the tacky carpet and guide him outside. Together, they bundle him into the back of the impala, where he slumps silently into the leather.
Dean pulls his gun from his waistband, feels Sam do the same behind him. Stops by the door of the research room, still closed tight but a bright light flashes on the other side, shadows flickering under the door and the low hum of power merges with music, what the
Dean casts a look up and down the corridor, but still nothing. Furious with himself, Dean pushes past Adam. He’s got a fifth stashed in his room and the sudden desire to be black out drunk.
Should have made more of an effort when he was topside, made Benny feel more welcome instead of abandoning him. Especially after what happened with Martin, and Dean just cut Benny off when he needed the most help.
Sam is looking at him, question in his eyebrows. And they’ve never exactly talked about it, not really, but it’s not like Sam never playfully ribbed Dean about Cas. Or Crowley. Or Aaron.
“I don’t know why I get so angry. I just know-- know that it’s always been there and wh- when things go bad it, it just comes out and I can-- I can’t stop it. No matter how bad I want to I just cant stop it.”
