The whole thing seemed like a dream, it was strange to think about his job at the best of times but this topped the list for Greg. He was walking into a psychiatric hospital that looked even from a distance like something out of a horror movie with his partner's brother who happened to work with him and insult him constantly, and they considered themselves friends, to try and save his partner from a maniac obsessed with murdering him and destroying Sherlock. If he didn't know better he'd seriously consider that they were in an episode of that show Mycroft liked... Supernatural, just short a demon and an angel. And a cool car. When they reached the entrance Sherlock reached into Greg's pocket for his torch. Greg was about to protest, loudly, when Sherlock shook his head and put a finger to his lips. Silence from here on out. They only had twenty seven minutes left.
"Greg? Sorry to bother you like this." She said, voice slightly strained "But you wouldn't happen to know where Sherlock and John have gotten to, would you?" Greg frowned. The duo hadn't been into the Yard yet today even though they had an active case.
Two steaks cooked to perfection and a side of garlic potatoes with green beans had John salivating as he worked. The table was set and everything complete before he went to get Sherlock up. Time difference being what it was they were technically only having lunch now and Sherlock was sleeping away hours they'd already had. John walked in and called Sherlock's name to no avail, so he went to his bedside and clasped his shoulder, rocking him gently and marvelling as verdigris eyes fluttered opened at his touch and a smile etched it's way across a sleep eased face. "It's lunchtime and you haven't eaten in a while so, there's a plate for you on the table anyway if you feel up to it." Sherlock blinked and looked around, settling up on his elbows to get a better look at his surroundings. "I'd ask how I got here, but based on the fibre that matches your jumper that I left on the pillow I'd say you...carried me in. That's sufficiently embarrassing to start this holiday off. Sorry about that." John couldn't help but smile at the little blush on his cheeks. "It was my pleasure, and this steak will be too if you come out and eat it with me. I'll see you in there." He slipped out as Sherlock stretched long and lean across the bed.
"Mopeds or convertible?" Mycroft asked as Greg gawped  the array of vehicles that lay waiting for them.
'I trust everything went well. Goodnight Inspector. MH' Goodnight indeed, the cheeky git Greg smiled to himself as he rolled into bed and grabbed some duvet before John could hog it all.
One of the officers raised her hand timidly. "Yes constable?" Lestrade asked, feeling even more like a teacher than before. "I'm a bit lost" Sherlock snorted "What's going on? They're making plans or something and there's a party but John's in Afghanistan so that wouldn't make sense. Also why are there fingers in the vents?" she asked and Lestrade shrugged turning to Sherlock. "My God what must it be like in your little heads... John was getting leave and had no one to see, I offered myself up, my mother insists on celebrating my birth every year and I would be subjected to that unless I had a valid excuse not to go, an excuse which John provided. As for the fingers you wouldn't understand. Obviously." A collective "Ah" went around the group and Sherlock rolled his eyes to the sky.
There was a soft knock on the door and he knew it was John. "Come in" he called, still writing furiously. John tiptoed inside and smiled down at Sherlock's sprawled form. "What are you up to then Sherlock?" he asked jovially, settling into a chair. Sherlock looked up for a moment and half smiled tiredly "Writing..." he trailed off, staring intensely at John and then going back to his page. John looked at him with concern, he sounded so serious and it seemed like John should be the same. "Well can I hear what you have so far?" John asked nervously, wondering if he was overstepping. Sherlock froze for a moment and then sat up so his legs were against John's. He didn't move away. God if John only knew how many mornings he had spent in this exact position, wondering if there was any point in hoping at all, constantly hurting himself just by watching John have a life outside of him. It hurt, God did it hurt "You were the one who inspired it so..." Sherlock muttered gently to himself before clearing his throat and righting the instrument on his lap. Softly he began to sing
The graveyard shift was generally a nightmare, but during the lulls in crises the need for rest of any kind took precedence over pretty much everything else. John had spent many a night sitting in dingy back offices asleep in chairs; his skill for sleeping in any position including, on one memorable occasion, standing up, was well known, which was probably why people didn't question his overtaking their office chairs. Those are the nights he can get away, collect his thoughts, refocus for a bit and just let the trials of the day be processed - good and bad alike.
He'd always known Mycroft was a meddler but this was another level, and Sherlock… Sherlock supposedly had only ever wanted John?! There was only really two things to figure out, and he intended to do so today. He jogged home and knocked on the door, his keys were in his coat pocket, completely sopping wet and shivering slightly. Sherlock opened the door and recoiled in surprise. John never forgot his coat. "Sherlock. Is it me?" John asked through blue tinged quaking lips, still standing in the hail. Sherlock nodded silently, staring at the trickling rivers of water that travelled down John's face instead of looking at him. This was a rejection he didn't really want to watch. A calloused hand found it's way beneath his chin, freezing cold and shivering, tilted his head up to meet John's eyes, and then his lips. It was cold, John's lips were like ice but neither of them cared, because this new thing between them was warm enough to cure that. Sherlock did pull him inside of course, it wouldn't do for him to fall ill, not when they had so much time to make up for. Later, when John had been sufficiently dried, dressed in pyjamas and tucked into Sherlock's side on the sofa, he made a low snorting noise. "What?" Sherlock murmured into his hair. "We owe this" John gestured to their cocoon position on the couch "to Mycroft and a pair of shoes." Sherlock rolled his eyes and flopped his head back into the cushions as John laughed.
For the Mistletoe carefully hung by Sherlock at the door -J
"Quite certain Gregory, now in your own time, but quite quickly, if you could grab them and go."
“What she means to say, son, is that it seems to us like you, and probably this doctor of yours, would both like to be something a bit more familiar than just acquaintances. I haven't seen you this worked up… well, ever I think. I know, we know that you can do anything you put your mind to- including having a relationship with someone if that's what you wanted to do and I think it is. So I suppose the real question is, what's holding you back?”
Appropriate moment to kiss someone ~SH
He breaks their kiss, running his hand through the curls that have come into full force as they had been together, and Sherlock locks eyes with him, and John aches, aches to his core he is so completely in love that he does not think he can look for much longer and so begin the slow exploration of skin with his lips.
He was still in awe of the extravagant buildings and grounds. There were peacocks strolling by the fountains for crying out loud. It suited Mycroft though, everything about him screamed upper class. It seemed only appropriate that he lived in a manor that was probably worth more than an entire street in London.
He was there currently, lying back against the couch in what John had labelled his 'Thinking pose' he had pointed out that he thought all the time, a statement that John had eagerly disproved that evening. None the less he lay there staring out into the bustling street below and smiling at the sound of John returning from his venture downstairs. John clutched a large box in his arms and set in down heavily on the table. "Mrs Hudson?" Sherlock queried, though it could only be her doing. "Mrs Hudson." John replied shaking his head fondly. "She did it again." he added, knowing that Sherlock would get his meaning. "I still don't see why she invites everyone over for Christmas eve. It's not as if they don't have somewhere they'd rather be" Sherlock scoffed, remembering last year, and the debacle with Molly that had made even him cringe but there was no deleting it, he couldn't. John was as much a part of the memory as Molly was and try though he might John memories were immovable. John snorted fondly and Sherlock knew he was remembering it too. "The girl was throwing herself at you and you were completely oblivious until that last moment." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "I told you, it's not my area. Women especially. If they aren't explicitly saying something to me, I dismiss it. Then again I dismiss it anyway." He leaned forward on the balls of his feet and then sat back down, paying closer attention to the proceedings taking place around him.
Everything was suddenly softer, the light, the skin where they were connected, John's eyes, his voice. "Sherlock. Let me take care of it, after all I am your doctor." He huffed a laugh and Sherlock, suddenly incapable of speech, swallowed hard and nodded his assent, allowing John's hand to lead him back inside and onto the edge of the bath.
Sherlock however chuckled as the train was announced over the tannoy. "As ever Lestrade, you see but you do not observe." and he was dashing off to the back of the train, hopping from one foot to the other excitedly. The doors opened and out came a short blonde man wearing a wooly jumper and a crooked smile. Sherlock pounced on him, wrapping his arms around the man who did the same in return. "I thought I told you to be careful?" Sherlock hissed, voice muffled by the wool but still audible to the astounded
The world seems to hold its breath as they join properly and Sherlock can't blink, can't breathe for fear of missing even a moment of the ecstasy. Groaning from the very core of him like an animal he is finally, blessedly full, seated again against John's hips. He hadn't even noticed the tears beginning to fall down his cheeks.
Prompt 11: Tape
a little bit more and yeah, it's scary as hell and I don't want it to happen but it's going to,
John really wished he had gotten in a few more good hits on Henry Long before he'd passed out, because waking up to  the iron tang of blood in his mouth was getting really old.
This train of thought terrified him, watching pensively as John Watson walked out the door.
"You know, I almost didn't believe him. But then I thought again. It's 're scared. Scared of what this case means, sure yes that too, but really scared of him. Of what you'll do if he leaves, what you'll do if he stays. Scared of loving him. You do. I know it, and if I know you have to know. You need him more now than you've ever needed anyone other than yourself and that is scary . Now, I know you have a blind spot for this sort of thing, But he's right there waiting for you with his bloody heart at your feet and you keep stomping all over it! He's my friend too, and I want to see him happy. You could make him happy Sherlock. You could." Sherlock turned away from him. "I don't know how." He murmured softly. Greg breathed a laugh. "No one really does. The secret to it is trying. All you have to do is try to do the best job you can making the other person happy, even if that means leaving them alone." That was what he'd done with Mycroft. Purely professional relationships were fine, but what Greg was looking for? Never.
“Do you have any family, friends, maybe, that I can contact on your behalf?” John asked.
“And if you’re wrong? That you and him aren’t actually, you know, soulmates?”
"Four, Three, Two"
The car glided to a halt outside the gates and Sherlock hopped out, followed moments later by Greg who sent the last in a series of texts before realising they'd stopped. The gates were unlocked and a light shove meant all they had to do was walk inside. The driveway was long, supposedly to lengthen the distance an escapee would have to navigate before reaching freedom, which was logical enough. Greg spoke to the driver briefly and he simply nodded his understanding, twenty minutes and he was to be at the front doors with the car, just in case. Sherlock was fidgeting, anxious now that they would be too late. "You remember what I told you?" he gave Greg a piercing look, and Greg simply adjusted his stance and grunted the affirmative, loading his gun quietly as they began they're descent. The wind whispered through the trees and blew stray leaves across their path, like tumbleweed in an old western movie.
Behind them, Mycroft pointedly cleared his throat. Evidently the elder sibling would never not be uncomfortable around prolonged displays of affection. “I, too, have a present for you, little brother. You see, I do not intrude on a person’s privacy without due reason.” With that, he stepped forward, and simply said, “St. Bart’s staff lounge, 9.30 o’clock this evening. He’s all yours.”
Exactly. Plus I'll be there for moral support, it'll be fine and we'll see you both on new years eve as well anyway so there's that back up plan -J
Greg = JJ
"Why do I have grass in my hair? And what are all these scratch marks on my n- oh my. Gregory?" Greg held back his grin with his teeth as he buttoned up his shirt.
It was already dark by the time John locked the door of the surgery. Sarah had called hours earlier to ask if he would cover for her, and if he wanted to go out for drinks with her later. It was getting harder to pretend that he wasn't in love with his flatmate, but it was also getting harder to live with him knowing that nothing was going to happen. Sarah and John had been dating now for seven months, after she got used to Sherlock interrupting them every chance he got she decided to stay, try and make it work out. It really was working out. John would take her out and she'd take him out and they had a lot of fun together, he couldn't help but smile when she was around. There was a huge part of him that knew if he hadn't met Sherlock and had met Sarah, he would probably be married to her right now. But he had met Sherlock, and now what he was dying to have, he couldn't find in anyone else. No one had that spark, that fire in their eyes that was madly infuriating and yet so attractive that he was speechless, constantly speechless in the presence of his best friend. Most of the time he didn't know what was coming out of his mouth around Sherlock, but for an idiot he seemed to be doing pretty well just spewing words everywhere. Seemed to work.
“Be my guest,” Sherlock said, easing himself back onto the bed, his mind already far away. He watched with mild interest as the doctor exposed his upper torso, gently palpating the area around the bandage, prompting a few pained winces from the patient.
“Please.” Sherlock breathed into the space between them. “Please don't make me stay and watch this all play out.” His voice cracked, wavered, tore John's heart from his chest and trampled all over it.
Mycroft bit back the urge to laugh. His brother may have been a genius but at this he was most certainly not. "Will I tell you? I don't know if you'll appreciate it brother." Sherlock glared at him "Oh don't be so dramatic Mycroft, it's not a good colour on you."
There was something bothering Doctor Watson enough to have stopped checking up on him, and instead, Doctor Stamford took his place. Mike Stamford wasn’t as much of an idiot as the rest of the people he knew, but still, he wasn’t John Watson.
Sherlock Holmes dreamed of many things. It was the only break he had from the constant buzz of information in his head. His dreams were vivid as life itself and more often then not, since he and John had furthered their relationship, were John centric.
John looked just as shocked as Molly had, and a bit more embarrassed than she had been. "I'm sorry what? What did you say?" Sherlock sighed. "I said, and I know you heard me, but I'll just clarify, that I was thinking about buggering you into the kitchen table. And perhaps the floor after, maybe the counter, every surface in the flat really." He was up now and strutting over to John who was frozen at the table, tea long forgotten. Sherlock ran his finger along John's jaw line, watching as John's pupils blew wider still as he shivered into the caress. "I often think about that, us. How you would scream my name for everyone to hear, and I
But God help him, John Watson was starting to really like Sherlock Holmes.
you as much as anyone has ever loved another, is a sin and a crime, it is one that I would willingly die for." The tears that welled in Sherlock's eyes, bright and sudden as he spoke made John hold the one piece of him he had in his hand tighter, and when, as he finally was honest with himself and Sherlock both, for he had loved him from the start, Sherlock's tears began to fall in earnest John couldn't help but pull him close.
"Oh."
wanted by the devastating man, to be enough to convince him to stop using and
Petit jeté - small leaps
“Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade. How is he?”
The arrival of food put a stop to that as John's stomach began to rumble. Sherlock released his hand and John dug in, burning his mouth slightly on the soup. It earned him a slight click of the tongue from Sherlock. "Yeah, yeah… I'm an idiot, play a different tune will you" John joked, rolling his eyes. Sherlock chuckled, the silky baritone resounding through them both. "Hasty: maybe, idiot: never." There it was again. That irritating stomach flip. Every time Sherlock said something even bordering on kind it happened. The soft tone Sherlock took when he said it made John's heart flutter in his chest, he could feel the nervous energy rolling off the taller man in waves. It was quite frankly adorable the way he felt so unsure of whether the things he said would cause an adverse reaction. He was vulnerable and that alone told John more than anything he could have said. "Why now?" John had been pondering for a little while, but when it came to the silver eyed genius that sat across from him he was at a loss. "I was afraid. That you weren't feeling the same and one wrong move would ruin everything. You might not realise it John but you have become one of the most important aspects of my life and I didn't want to scare you away." John was shocked at his candor. "You were right of course, I needed time to come to grips with all of it, I needed that. But thank you." Sherlock's brow furrowed. "For what, John?" John smiled. "For being braver than me. I never would have worked up the courage to act on anything; I honestly had no idea you even considered
"Isn't it lucky then that  I love you quite a bit as well?" Water lapped between them , a cool contrast to the heat of their skin as they slid against each other, hands assisting when the quickening rut was not enough, and muffling their collective gasp when John finally pushed in with Sherlock's legs wrapped around his waist. Whispered affections mingled with groans were swept away by the night as they collided to the rhythm of their breaths, stolen between kisses, and the stars shone their approval in silver streams  on the  water's surface, while far below, Venice slept.
Not many people would be so willing, so unafraid of touching him. Given the evidence of John's genuine surprise that Sherlock did not recognise him, and his relative ease before realising Sherlock had no idea who he was, the improbable truth seemed to be more confusing than anything else.
"A bit extreme don't you think? To want to get your revenge of course yes that is understandable, but to go through the trouble of butchering a man in this way, and then scattering the pieces all over town while apparently keeping his manhood as a trophy, it would have taken an awful lot to do it." Holmes nodded as he made to stand.
Now, Sherlock, being Sherlock, had come into contact with magic before.
me don't seem to grasp the severity of what I am describing so I showed them exactly what I meant when I said that I was being torn apart. For me, it's my mind trying to self combust, for them it's their innermost secrets, fears and desires that tear them apart, and it was all too easy to show them those. It's not my fault the other three got involved - and it gave me something to do.” Sherlock stared defiantly up at him, his jaw set but his hands shaking and John was mad at him yeah, but he was also overwhelmingly sad for the life he must lead. If the only thing that will quiet your mind down is drugs or spouting people’s inner secrets to the world, which one should you choose? Either way someone gets hurt.
Sherlock observed everyone they passed on their way down the corridor (Three cat lovers, two polyamourus women, five IVF patients, one illegitimate child, two couples considering adoption) and wondered if there was any way they could avoid telling anyone about their child until they were born. Unlikely, but it'd make things easier for him and John. In fairness they wouldn't have to deal with old biddies stopping them on the street to ask when the baby was due, if they knew the sex and other such insipid questions, that was Mary's cross to bear. Along with that neither of the Baker street duo would have to stop working until they literally had a child in their arms which was good because there had been a case a couple of months back that even Sherlock couldn't solve, an invisible man with an invisible knife, and he needed to reaffirm his reputation.
Sherlock surveyed the contents of the wardrobe, knowing well that Mycroft would have prepared for every possibility and sure enough, a pair of tough jeans and a soft, check shirt were hung next to a similar, but longer and darker pair of jeans and a loose white shirt. He tossed John his gear, eyeing the various footwear available. Riding boots, supple tan leather for John, his own charcoal. For someone as opposed to the social pastime of stereotyping as he was, Mycroft fit the conventional "gay" very well. John was already dressed by the time Sherlock turned around, he had been deep in thought after all. "I feel like I'm in one of those old western films you hate" John grinned crookedly as Sherlock handed him the boots and set about stripping and dressing again quickly. "The plot lines to those films are terrible, even an idiot like Anderson could figure out the ending. Besides which, you look much less irritating than they ever did." John laughed and Sherlock smiled openly, he so loved to make John laugh. "Let's go then."
Sherlock felt a hand slip into his and squeeze tightly. He squeezed back, as stupid as it was, now that they were on the cusp of this moment he was bloody nervous. "You ready?" she asked as she rolled the wand along Mary's abdomen. John, already hand in hand with Sherlock took Mary's hand in his right. Three sets of lungs held their breath. For a minute, nothing. And then "Thumpthump,thumpthump,thump thump."
"Stop flirting with me and let me up." John laughed affectionately, and hauled himself off the cold ground to get a better picture of where they were being kept. As he looked around, John felt like he was actually getting more confused. This was ridiculous, and he couldn't believe that this was where they were, but he was incredibly familiar with it. "Sherlock, when I tell you where we are, and you get your head on straight, you're going to be so mad."
to be an option."
“Er. No I'm not,” John glared at Paula.
Ripping open the bag and pulling on his costume, John had to admit that Sherlock had great taste. It was a simple costume, tight fitting navy suit pants, a white and navy striped t-shirt that hugged the muscles in his biceps and a white captains hat , all of which had a small gold anchor embroidered on them somewhere. John was pretty snug in it, but that was the point, after all he was wearing a very large amount of clothing.
Prompt 12 : "Do you remember that?"
Now that he knew though he had to do something. He was Captain John Watson, a man of action, and if the looks Sherlock gave him and had been giving him were any indication he definitely had a shot. "I'll tell him then. Best suit up for that." John said to himself and he hopped into the shower. Stepping into his bedroom wrapped in a towel he rifled through his drawers for his "Yes you fucking want me, lucky you" underwear and pulled them on, before giving himself a proud once over in the mirror. Despite what his attire suggested, he wasn't sagging or anything like that, quite the opposite. He was just as lean and toned as he had been when he'd been handed the camo-pants all those years ago, the only real differences from then were his bullet wound; a bright starburst of rose skin on his shoulder, and the number of tattoos he'd amassed. Sherlock wouldn't stand a chance.
Adding an OC because why the hell not?! Imagine the man who repairs toys in Toystory ;)
“You’re a good man, John, and as a friend I really want to see you happy. I don’t know about you but I believe fate has its ways and we may see Sherlock again soon. Now chin up and help me get the staff lounge ready for Christmas. The day’s almost upon us and unlike most of the staff here, I know how to brighten up a room with Christmas decorations properly,” Paula sighed and led him out of the operating room.
"Alright then. I'm glad to get to spend some time with you both although I dare say I feel as if I know you both very well already." She smiled wryly at both of them as Mycroft and Sherlock returned. Perfectly timed. In his head John was beginning to think he had underestimated the mother of two brilliant men. In some shape or form she must be exceptional. Dessert passed in brief spats of conversation but it was clear that Sherlock and Mycroft were curious as to what Mummy had said to John and Greg. "It's getting late, about time we retired I think." Mummy rose and gave a gentle bow to the table and left, stalking up the stairs and into her room. Sherlock also rose, but he simply gestured to John to follow and as always, he did.
They didn't discuss it further, Mummy was shooing them all upstairs to bed too quickly for that; “It's Christmas eve,you're going to bed at a reasonable hour if I have to put you there myself Myc.”
Mr Holmes was silent. His gaze momentarily dropped to John's thumb where it had unconsciously begun rubbing his inner elbow before flickering back up to the doctor's face. “We'll see.”
That had been back in August, and since then Greg had even met Mary a few times, but not so often that, when her name popped up on his phone, he wasn't alarmed.
Sherlock could hear John rubbing his face in frustration. “Why are you being such an arse? I’m a doctor, alright, I have a tight schedule so when I’m informed that one of my patients wishes to see me, I actually took a break to see said patient, only to then be kicked out. I only have so much patience, Sherlock, and if my actually paying attention to you is only going to prove to be a waste of time, then you can kindly piss off, take a minute and figure out what exactly it is you wish to accomplish from your time here. I will now go to treat patients who actually wish to be taken care of,” was everything he heard before John stormed out of the room.
you are like this, and all for me. My God Sherlock, you don't know what you do to me. Yes, that's it love, give in to it, you're perfect, absolutely perfect." Words streamed constantly from his mouth, encouragement, praise, worship all breathed into him while he could say nothing but John. Each small touch was a new ecstasy, and Sherlock whined when John's hand left him, flushed red and aching with the need for release. With strength Sherlock could not have hoped to posses at the moment, John lifted him and flipped them, settling Sherlock back into the chair and then dropping to his knees.
"Wonderful. Well. One of us is going to have to get up and figure out a plan, and I'm guessing from your frankly disconcerting level of regular human brain skill at the minute, that person is going to be me so off you hop." John could feel Sherlock pout as he let him go, and rolled around so they were face to face to give him a quick kiss. "I'm glad you're pretty much okay, you glorious madman. I'm going to get us out of here, all right?" Sherlock grinned at him.
"That's it. We're taking a holiday. Tomorrow, wherever you want to go, but we're taking a bloody break." Sherlock nearly collapsed on the couch when they closed the door of the flat "Ok John. I'm feeling run down myself, perhaps a holiday is what we need. Nowhere too out of the way, preferably foreign. Pick, pack, we'll go." Clearly Sherlock was more affected than he let on, and while it was good that he felt he could show John he was vulnerable, fallible, if he'd known then John would have protested that last call out more. The lack of argument would have been cause to go in and of itself so John, after a shower, shave, tea and dinner, sat down and texted Mycroft who sent a courier with two tickets to some place he couldn't name and fully stocked suitcases. He'd flopped into bed shortly after closing the door.
Holmes focused on the door across the street from theirs, noticing now the signs of freezing and refreezing that would have caused trouble for those trying to open them as Watson’s voice grew distant (Changing out of his wet clothes, his brain supplied readily) and then close again
The peace of the place, broken only by the whisper of leaves and the hum and chirps of insects and birds, made everything seem thick and slow, like honey dribbling down from a spoon and even the sound of the key turning in the lock seemed like too much. Sherlock allowed himself to be immersed in it, in this place, in the nature of it, in John and his slow inexorable seduction of him like waves lapping against the shore. Every touch had a crystalline brilliance, a hyper reality for him and it threatened to overwhelm his every sense, to drag him into oblivion but then there was John's hand, his anchor to the world, and there was his breath, like the flight of the birds, and his heartbeat like the wings of the bees, and his whispered devotion like the very wind in the trees outside and Sherlock was one with the universe, finally at peace with the world in John's careful hands.
“Most doctors would be glad to have you taken off their hands when you land yourself in hospital but Doctor Watson has been most… accommodating during your short stay. Need I remind you of my access to the cameras everywhere?”
A/N IMPORTANT TW! Right this is pretty dark stuff so expect: split personality, drugging, violence, rape and language. If any of this is a trigger for you tread carefully, I WILL POST ANOTHER CHAPTER SO YOU CAN READ THAT.
"You don't generally spend hours on a poor idea Sherlock, and I did say anything and I meant it. There's no need to be embarrassed, no matter what, all you have to do is ask."
It was actually a better idea to have him in John's room. It was cosy and warm, and assortment of blankets and pillows were tucked in military precision on his bed. Afghanistan had made him crave heat. John laid Sherlock down on the bed and pulled a couple of blankets over him. Sherlock was still shivering. "I'llbe right back, I'm getting some tea and a hot water bottle for you okay?" Sherlock's lack of response generally meant yes so John trundled downstairs and flicked the kettle on. There was one surefire way to help Sherlock back to a human temperature but it would be awkward in the extreme for John. He'd have to focus very hard on anything but what he was doing.
Jim Moriarty knew exactly how to get Sherlock. It all started with a pool. John was unsuspecting, but then how many people expect a madman to take them hostage? Something about the pleasure Jim was taking in strapping the bombs to his body was confusing. John could see the red dot on his torso and it was the only reason he was not recoiling from the slither of Jim's hands over his skin. "Oooooh not a fan of that are we not Johnny boy? Poor pet doesn't like to be touched? How very ironic." Jim said liltingly, his eyes glittering with laughter.
"Merci pour l'aide monsieur!" John called as a bored Sherlock dragged him away at speed, launching himself at the black Land Rover that awaited them across the car park and throwing himself giddily into the driver's seat. John shook his head with a smile and climbed in next to him, barely shutting the door before they were driving off out of the town and into the countryside. The drive was peaceful and warmly quiet, with Sherlock occasionally pointing out various places he had been to before or vinyards and the different methods they used to give their distinct flavours to the wines they made.
Sherlock was grateful. His turn for interrogation would come, he knew that. For now he was being given a reprieve, however brief, to compose himself. Why he needed to compose himself, he wasn't quite sure, but he had a niggling suspicion that a certain blonde haired, family-less for the holidays, stubborn doctor had something to do with it.
John was speechless. It was clear he was a bit of a git, and difficult as all hell but he had a gift, something completely extraordinary hiding within that too thin frame. Sherlock Holmes could do, probably, anything he set his mind to. Which begged the question what on earth was a man like this, so full of intelligence and insight and life doing in here half dead? “Truly extraordinary though you may be Mr Holme-” Sherlock interrupted.
"How do you manage to
Sherlock rolled his eyes and walked down the stairs that would have been used by servants back in the day, passing many workers scurrying to and fro to get to the back door. He strode out into the gentle sunshine and stopped to watch the scene unfolding oblivious to his presence. John, head thrown back in laughter with nimble fingers lacing flowers through his hair, golden light making him glow brighter than the night sky, familiar figures staring and writing and sketching and playing and singing for him. And as if he could feel Sherlock near him he opened his eyes and turned to meet Sherlock's gaze, and his smile was absolutely radiant Sherlock couldn't help but smile back. A quick word to the gang of children playing with his hair and he was up and making his way over and pulling Sherlock against him, pressing their lips together and kissing him within an inch of his life. Dazed and blinking once they'd pulled apart Sherlock couldn't even chastise John for the utterly smug face he was making. "You'll make them worse you know" he breathed and John puffed a chuckle. "They've promised me a portfolio of a piece of work each by the end of tomorrow, I'm hoping that makes it in at least once. Hungry?"
“..and as I said earlier, I didn't and still don't, deserve the kindness he showed me when..when we first met. I don't deserve him. I'm a sociopath, Mummy, and sociopaths aren't exactly meant to lead happy lives alongside their better halves.”
“No shit, and to realise he’s pretty much a broken man, too. Sherlock..Sherlock may have been a right arse to everyone when he was brought in but I could see that he needed a friend or two. He has no sense in manners, I can grant you that, but I’d bet you he can’t help being himself and there’s an
The solution, though it drifted along the edges of his consciousness, remained elusive. There was, therefore, only one option: He would have to ask John outright.
Sherlock went to the nearest technology shop he could find and looked at thirty four different cameras. He was just barely paying attention. After all this was sort of a big issue, he had no experience and it was John, John would have been the only person he would willingly do this with for real. Except it wouldn't be real. He would have to keep reminding himself of that. In the end he bought the second one he'd looked at and walked home as it got steadily darker. When he arrived back he went straight to his room and set up the camera on a tripod before going back out to see what John was up to. In the living room John was sitting on the couch with two glasses and a full bottle of whiskey. "It might be a bit easier with a shot of this" he shrugged before patting the seat next to him.
He took out his lock pick and jimmied the window of Mycroft's Diogenes office open. Sitting in his chair, facing the window, Sherlock couldn't help but remember the last time he'd been in an office. At least this time the man he was expecting might be even slightly pleased to see him. Eventually the door opened and Mycroft strode in, phone pressed to his ear. "No, military action would frankly be a show of weakness that we cannot afford to ma-" he stuttered, eyes widening as he took in the sight of his dead brother in his chair. "ke. Call Jamal, ask him for the fifth list. He'll understand. Good day." Sherlock waited. "Brother." Mycroft flinched slightly at the term, he had not been called that for a good few years, it sounded unfamiliar to him now. "Sherlock.
"I" his voice was rough like sandpaper to his own ears from lack of use, from just how wrecked he felt "I love you too." John's lips find his again even as he slips out.
politics, tactics, war, peace. You name it and he knows how to play it to his advantage. He convinced everyone that he didn't want anything more than to run the country behind the curtains. I wasn't so easily fooled. A man who puts 24 hour surveillance on his brother cannot convince me that he cares for nothing, that he has no heart. For some reason he had it in his head that he didn't deserve love like other people did, that he wasn't worth it because he was too fat and secretive and emotionless. When he first met Greg... No one but me and perhaps Sherlock, had he been conscious, would have noticed the slight flush that crossed his cheeks when Greg wrapped his arms around him at Sherlock's bedside. The inspector was just offering comfort to a man who was probably about to lose his baby brother, but how often do people hug Mycroft Holmes? Then when Greg asked for his number God I thought he'd have a heart attack! But it took years for him to admit that he liked Greg, they were friends by that time and suddenly Greg's marriage was breaking down and the CIA needed help tracking BinLaden down for good... So he got to run away for a while, telling himself and by extension me that he shouldn't have gotten his hopes up because no one would want him, especially not Greg. It was... Painful to see him so full of loathing for himself. When we got back after a good three months Greg called over to his London apartment to welcome him home and as he was leaving he just spun on his heel and goes "Mycroft you don't have some secret American version of you that you're married to now and just had a honeymoon with or something do you?" and Mycroft splutters and blushes and shakes his head and he says "The last man I had in my life was a long time ago Gregory, I had to have been thirty years younger then, although why that concerns you I don't understand." so you can imagine the look on his face when that pours out of his mouth, eyes wide and all that. Greg just smiles cheerily and moves to go, he just about turns the latch when he turns around saying "That's good. Uh... Screw it! Mycroft I've been dancing around this for a good seven years now and it's time you knew that I like you and if you would want to, I'd like to take you on a date." and when Mycroft asked him why, genuinely shocked, Greg said "Well for one you're probably the most handsome bloke I've ever met, you're smart and witty and more sarcastic than even your brother, I don't know. There's just something about you that I want Mycroft, and I think that something is just... You."Greg kind of proved that Mycroft was good enough to deserve love and kindness to him and I'm forever grateful." Again Lily was solemn when she looked to Molly for her answer.
John’s eyes flared with empathy, and he was wrapped tightly in his dressing gowned (It was Sherlock’s own, John had gone to change in his room, their room?) arms in seconds.
"Well, where's the fun in that?" Sherlock winked, hyperaware of the adrenaline surging through them both, their close proximity, his heartbeat ratcheting higher as they locked eyes. Just as he felt the inexorable slide inwards begin, a gruff voice cut through their reverie and John jumped backward, deliberately looking away.
With the Christmas party due to begin in two hours, John made a small detour to the staff lounge on his way to check on a patient, just to make sure that everything was still in order and that none of the food had been feasted on in secret. He was especially proud of the batch of roasted potatoes he had cooked himself in the small staff pantry just before. It had been a long time since he cooked for anyone other than himself so John could only cross his fingers in the hope that he did not land anyone, or himself for that matter, in the same A&E as patients themselves, albeit with food poisoning.
’  Suddenly the whole day made sense. Why Sherlock had shut off that afternoon, why it had run through John’s head, why he’d felt a pull to get home, like he was missing something important. He had been missing something completely, blindingly, obvious.
The slow panic had returned. What if she disapproved of John? True she had always doted on him but would that stretch to another, especially with the complex all mothers had about losing their sons, but she wasn't all mothers and John wasn't stealing him away, there was a possibility that rule only applied to other women taking sons from their mothers. "Stop thinking about whatever it is. I can feel you getting agitated you know. It'll be fine, talk me through it at least, maybe a sounding board will help" John soothed him, wishing he could just offer a cup of tea. Tea solved everything.
The screen faded into white and then John was on the small screen, and the slide show began. Photos of their first date, and John smiling and laughing and their first kiss and him staring admiringly up at Sherlock as he deduced at a scene, the slides catalogued most all their time together, and
It was raining, a truly miserable downpour accompanied by gale force winds and a warning to stay in your home being broadcast on the news. Both inhabitants of 221b were warm and appreciative of the cozy atmosphere that they had created, warm yellow light flooding the sitting room thanks to an impromptu fire and both men in pyjamas and dressing gowns, enjoying tea and each other's company. Sherlock played soothing pieces on the violin to contrast the lashing of rain at the windows and the howls of the wind as it tried to enter their sanctuary. John read though his attention was stolen by Sherlock's fluid movements more often than not, until he gave up the pretends all together and simply revelled in the music.
He stood up and put on the Belstaff coat like it was his own skin of armour, letting his hands run over the collar, lapels and inside the deep pockets.
As they walked down the winding corridors Sherlock took John's hand in his. "I have a confession to make." John stared up at him, entirely confused. "I got Molly to bring dinner for us here before she left." John chuckled softly "She always did have a soft spot for you, do anything you asked that girl would." Sherlock snorted "She wouldn't go away now would she?" he joked lightly as he pushed the door to the lab open and flicked on the lights. John gaped at the sight that awaited him. The usually covered in equipment and other things he would rather not think about desk had been cleared and cleaned and covered in a table cloth. Two plates of food, still steaming lay waiting expectantly on it, separated by a candle. "Seems like Molly is bringing Angelo's to us, down to the candle" John beamed and Sherlock was proud that he had thought of this, it was a perfect combination of the two of the most important moments of their lives together. The setting was the place where they first met and had subsequently spent many long nights working on cases, dancing carefully around their feelings, With help from Molly he had brought the scene of their first date to them and all of the memories that came with it, and to top it all off Sherlock had avoided all cameras, so even Mycroft wouldn't know that this was happening before John did. "Shall we?" Sherlock said, smirking at John who returned the grin, he had uttered those words once before in a situation very similar to this. "How, exactly, did you convince Molly to let you do this? Won't we contaminate something?" John asked, looking around the room that was suspiciously clean and smelled of lemon. "Bribery John, she needed her lab cleaned, and I was more than happy to oblige because I needed it clean too." John rolled his eyes and smiled "You're welcome to bribe me any time, the flat definitely needs cleaning and you seem to be very good at it!" he winked before picking up a fork and stabbing a piece of what turned out to be mushroom ravioli. Sherlock picked at the meal, occasionally eating small bites of it and chatting to John about utter drivel to stop himself from babbling. John laughed openly at a story he was telling, Mycroft had been such an odd child and John loved to hear these stories. Sherlock knew that he would want to be the cause of that laughter for the rest of his life.
What he saw there made him gasp.
"Must you be quite so fastidious in your note taking Watson? Half the time the most relevant details are forgotten about anyway and you're currently ignoring the actual events you write about occurring, Master Smyth won't reassemble himself you know!" Holmes quipped cheerily as he manoeuvred a lump of what was probably torso at one point a small degree to the left. Watson smiled and tucked his notebook away with an exasperated but fond sigh, pulling his gloves back on before he crouched next to the detective as he attempted to reconstruct the various pieces of the late Mr Smyth they had managed to recover into something resembling a body.
Prompt 28: Crowd
The green wrapping paper was unceremoniously ripped apart by Dan and before John could grasp what was happening, he was being enveloped in a bone-crushing hug by the burly hospital security guard.
Snow was falling in small flakes, covering the streets of London in a veil of pristine white, frosting each building like icing sugar. The sense of community that suddenly appeared with this strange weather was fitting for the festive season. Suddenly the people of London were sticking together, offering help to those in need of it, calmly waiting for traffic to ease up, smiling at each other in the streets. They were, at least for now, a community united by cold fronts and Christmas spirit. It was hard to deny this feeling of camaraderie that had sprung up from nothing. It was simply there, as constant as air. Too long had passed since the people of London thought about the well being of their fellow Londoners and it was refreshing. Didn't stop the criminal world, but everyone else was more aware of those who suffered at their hands at least. Sherlock was pretty pleased with the setup, any witness that was interrogated was more forthcoming in their response than ever, allowing for cases to be solved more efficiently. The faster a case was over the faster he could take John home and snuggle up in front of the fire together.
It had begun to snow softly by the time they reached Baker Street, and Mrs Hudson had long since gone to sleep, leaving them to raid the pantry themselves.  John lit the fire in the grate, watching out of the corner of his eye as Holmes laid tea on the table, eyes straying oh so slightly over to him as he bent in the orange glow, breathing life into the embers.
"Coop, the camp goat took a shit in the infirmary that I'm gonna need you to clean up, and John, there are four campers stuck in the rope course I'd like you to deal with, I meant to mention it to you yesterday. That's pretty much it, I know we're all looking forward to the talent show tonight so I'll let you go, Sherlock and Irene have a lot to do anyway, as do the rest of you. I'll see you later, I've got to look in on Henry's astrophysics class." Beth dismissed the counsellors to go and prepare for the final day of camp and all the craziness that entailed. She had a busy day ahead of her knowing full well that this would be the worst day of work, the counsellors were always doing their own thing on the final day and just keeping track of them was trouble enough. Looking at her watch, she gave it until 1pm before she lost track of them completely. Sometimes she wondered why she had decided to become a camp director in the first place.
“Sherlock.” Greg sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “You were doing so well, you know.”
"That was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant" Sherlock shook his head to clear his ears but he had heard right, this man had said he was brilliant. Something in his stomach was very warm all of a sudden and he smiled at the other man. "That's not what people usually say." The other looked at him with puzzlement in his face "What do they usually say?" Sherlock grinned, the first true smile he'd given in years "Piss off." The army man laughed loudly at that, the chuckling noise adding to the growing warmth in his stomach. "You were right, the army,the orders, the party , the phone, my divorcing alcoholic sister though. Harry is my sister" Sherlock cursed a bit under his breath "There's always something! Sister of course!" The other man just smiled and shrugged "I'm still very very impressed. Iraq, by the way." He said, once again facing out to admire the city. Sherlock could definitely understand that sentiment. London was the only place on Earth he wanted to be, it's packed streets and big Ben were staples of his existence and he didn't like to think that he would ever be away from them too long. He did love London. "I'm John by the way, John Watson." Sherlock rolled the name about in his mouth. John Watson. "Sherlock Holmes." He extended his hand and stared as John took it, the feeling of their palms touching sending millions of electric shocks up his arm and all over his body. John removed his hand and Sherlock had the urge to take it back within his own, rub his thumb across the knuckles and then... But he didn't. Instead he stepped closer and John leaned into him so their bodies were resting against one another.
"Tomorrow I thought we might explore for a bit, visit the hives, just the two of us. We can go into town at some point if you'd like, but I would prefer to spend this time alone with you, selfish as it sounds." John huffed a fond laugh into the dark room and Sherlock sighed against his chest and wriggled closer, his curls feathering lightly against John's chin.
Sarah was there to greet him, smiling at him as if he was the best thing she'd seen all day and couldn't wait to spend time with him. In times of extreme bitterness he wondered why Sherlock never looked at him like that, why he didn't even notice if he was gone. He took her soft hand in his and sat down with her, smiling and laughing, talking about their days and generally having a nice time. "John?" she asked, late into the night as they lay on her sofa together. "Yeah?" "What would you think about maybe moving in here?" John froze. Moving in... It was a huge step, fact but to say no would mean to end everything they'd worked for. It was time to move on with his life. He couldn't wait forever for a pipeline dream, life was never going to start again if he didn't leave, no matter how much he ached to stay. "I'd love to Sarah" John replied with a fake smile. Later when Sarah was sleeping, John allowed the few silent tears to fall. Some dreams don't come true, but that doesn't mean you have to be happy about it.
"Oi." John nudged his arm conspiratorially and Sherlock turned to find their faces only breaths apart.
Sherlock wheeled about the room at pace until he paused at the window and grinned before schooling his features into nonchalance. "How many?" he asked the moment the door opened revealing a panting police officer. "Four. You coming?" "I'll follow behind you" as soon as the man had left Sherlock was jumping in the air, raving about what fun it would be as John sat on the armchair. He was gone in a whirl and John was left with Mrs Hudson. For about a minute he believed Sherlock had gone, right up until he returned. Two nights of detective work passed, with chases through London, meeting arch enemies, texting murders and then a drugs bust all eye contactless. Routine apparently, but Sherlock disappeared into the night before the police did and John, strangely, was worried. When they did finally leave and Sherlock had not yet returned he decided to go to find him, when the gps tracker beeped. He knew what to do, tucking his gun into his pocket. The taxi ride was tense, he felt a loyalty so strong to this man that he'd only met three days previously, they were friends, partners. It was exciting and dangerous and he was not keen to lose his friend. The building was split in two and John got the feeling that he would only have the chance to enter one if Sherlock was in danger before it would be too late. So he chose.
“Huh? Yes, why wouldn’t I be?” Sherlock frowned, overlooking the evidence board where details of the latest case has been scattered.
"Greg? Sorry to bother you like this." She said, voice slightly strained "But you wouldn't happen to know where Sherlock and John have gotten to, would you?" Greg frowned. The duo hadn't been into the Yard yet today even though they had an active case.
It was a good idea certainly, starkening the elements of the dance to just three or four characters: The white swan, the black swan, the prince and potentially Rothbar if he could find someone up to the job.
Sherlock needed to get away, and quick. He could afford no more distractions, not when the Work was calling out to him once more. “Oh please,” he trained his gaze on Mycroft. “I needed the push to figure out how to work the case, and now I’ve got it. I’m fine now. I can handle myself.” If Mycroft had noticed how Sherlock blatantly ignored any of his previous questions, he did not bring it up. He simply straightened his posture, gave a minute nod, and with a cursory flick of his umbrella, was out the door.
Mike waited until John was out of earshot to speak again carefully watching to be sure he wouldn't be able to hear.
Once he'd returned from his... time away... He'd become rather close to Lestrade as a friend - probably because he'd realised that loath though he'd been to admit it, the DI was rather important to him, and quite understanding of things that didn't involve the work. When it came to that he was still a bit of an imbecile. Still, it was... good... to have a confidant outside of John to talk to about topics that he couldn't with his best friend. Like, for example the fact that he wanted to shag him senseless. The fact that Lestrade had always had an inkling that that was the case helped too."Cor, I'd not turn my nose up myself. Those pants. I bloody hope they're some sort of magic ones because if not he'd just make the rest of us look bad!" Sherlock clicked his tongue and grinned "Speak for yourself Lestrade." They chuckled and Sherlock dodged the pen the pen that flew towards him. "Cheeky Git. I won't be able to get that out of my head for a while now, I tell you that for free." Sherlock hummed in agreement and checked his watch. If he hurried, he'd finish before dinner. A few hours later both men's ears pricked up at a stage whisper from sergeant Clarke informing her colleagues that John was on his way up, and saying something that sounded awfully similar to "wait till he sees." Oh dear. Sherlock scrambled to catch him before he made it to them.
That night, Sherlock was once again caught in the throes of a seemingly endless dream. He could not make out much of what was happening in his subconscious but what he could recognize out of the storm of sensations was the slow, familiar clouding of his mind coupled with the torturously burning aching need to re-introduce cocaine into his system.  His skin prickled, his arms felt glued to his sides. He could hear a persistent ringing sound in his head and if only he could just lift his arms a little bit, he was desperate to make the ringing stop.
John made his rounds once more before the party started, bidding staff who were going off duty a “goodnight and have a Merry Christmas!” and making sure each and every one of his patients were either asleep or comfortable in their beds before removing his doctor’s coat and joining in the merry atmosphere already flooding the staff lounge. Upon entering, at least two voices exclaimed “there he is!” before John was pulled into a group hug with an
"What is up with him? This is literally a dream I've had." Greg shrugged, tearing his eyes away from the game of catch that the girls had started.
Sebastian had stormed in after a long night partying and crushed Sherlock against the wall. Sebastian's hands were down his jeans and loosening him and before long he was writhing against Sebastian. It was rough and terrifying and Sherlock's first time and yet it felt amazing and he was coming and Sebastian was coming inside him and in the dark of their dorm room Sebastian dumped Sherlock on the floor and clambered into bed, leaving him confused yet satisfied and yearning for more. It was always sudden, like an onslaught of sleet on a cold day. Sebastian would arrive in and Sherlock would be bent over couches, against walls, over the table. He never saw the anger in Sebastian's eyes as he took him from behind every time without fail. Sebastian did not caress Sherlock, or kiss him or touch any part of him except his hips or his hair. A part of Sherlock needed him to. His touch would mean his approval and Sherlock so desperately wanted his approval. The idea of himself being so blind made him furious. Approval was for idiots, and Sebastian was not the type of person who's approval he should have wanted. The scene changed yet again. Sherlock began to quiver. He was afraid, still, after all this time, of what came next.
Greg was sprinting, dragging Mycroft by the arm behind
Prompt 34: "Don't make people into heroes"
Moran. The name was heavy on John's tongue, bitter tasting and solid. It pressed down on his lungs, constricting his breathing until he remembered that a panic attack was not something one wants to happen in front of your best mate and partner. Not exactly appropriate to freak out over a dead friend either. He almost laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation. John hadn't had a panic attack since he had met Sherlock and yet, The name. Even the name was enough to incapacitate him completely, shoving him headfirst into a terror. Breathe Watson, breathe. Same techniques as ever, yet it was impossible to breathe, not when the taste of blood in the air was mixed with sand. His PTSD had been triggered by this before, but never so acutely. Quietly he staggered to the wall and slid down it, sticking his head between his knees.
"What we need" Greg sighed around a cigarette "is a girl who's a free spirit and doesn't give two fucks what people think of her, plus doesn't want a relationship or whatever and also wants to fuck somebody today as long as they're half decent looking and presumably a good lay." Mike snorted and read over their list again.
Holly leaned out over the railings with a chuckle as the couple passed her by, leaving a trail of gossips to spread the word that John was not an escort and that they were "Engaged? No way! How?" She swirled her drink, some sort of hundred year old scotch that Mycroft had handed her as soon as she'd walked in with a sly wink and a quiet affirmation that "You look irresistible in that dress." She hoped so. The dress was made almost entirely out of sheer lace, with the long sleeves and deep v-neck covered in white flowers that lead into black ones at the waist that faded out at the middle of her thigh to leave her legs on display until the ankle where the black flowers continued to the floor. Surprisingly enough she was warm even out in the snow. Close enough for her to touch was an ice fawn, clearly in pursuit of a beautiful nymph that lay for them both just out of reach. How apt. "Oh! Sorry, I didn't know anyone was out here." Holly turned around to see Molly Hooper had stumbled out to her terrace. She blinked slowly and looked Molly up and down. She looked amazing in a forest green chiffon strapless gown with her hair plaited to the side. The only issue would be the look of anxiety on her face that was probably because she was getting stared at "It's no big deal. Stay if you want to." Smooth moves there Hols, nice job. But, to her utter surprise Molly was smiling and moving to stand next to her.
John grinned slyly "Well at least I know what we're getting them for Christmas" Sherlock took on a look of confusion. "What on earth do you mean John?" John looked from one man to the other and smirked "We're getting them each other!" Sherlock rolled his eyes and seemed to have sobered considerably. "I am all for that John honestly, anything to make them as happy as I am with you. He may be my arch enemy but I do not begrudge him, them, any happiness they could find together, but how, exactly, do you plan on doing that?" he said seriously. John just tapped his nose and pointed to the doorframe. "Mistletoe." Sherlock smiled proudly at his doctor and kissed him softly, the briefest flutter of lips, before motioning him to take charge of the plan. John whipped out his phone and tested Greg.
But you promised you'd try not to set the flat on fire for the new year! -J
"Come on, the faster you let me do it the faster it's done. Give me your arm, you know I'm just going to put something for the burn on and then pop you in a tshirt so it can be exposed to the air and heal. No stitches, no antiseptic wipes, just some burn cream, promise." John soothed, his best doctor's voice in play while Sherlock attempted to dress his own burns, something he was perfectly capable of and always had been, a fact he impressed repeatedly on John as he attempted to cajole him into allowing him to treat them.
John knew that date all too well. Of course he did.
Lestrade was unsurprised. He'd worked with Sherlock long enough to appreciate his genius and to know that these were not insults. "Alright we'll send a team to arrest him." John had been leaning against the door the whole time, watching. He was prepared when Sherlock spun around quickly and rushed out, coat swirling behind him. "Oh and Lestrade, do tell my brother that we say hello." That was one John had not been expecting. He had to run after Sherlock into the street and only managed to get his breath back when they sat down in the taxi.
"Now, if you're quite finished Gregory, I do believe I promised to make you regret leaving this morning. Come along" Mycroft had pulled the base of his umbrella away, revealing it's true nature. It was a beautiful, deliciously painful, mahogany cane. Greg shivered at the sight of it. "Now Gregory, you are going to like this" Mycroft purred and God, it was all Greg could do not to jump him right there in the kitchen but the wait would be worth it. Admittedly, sitting down would be an issue for the next few days. Mycroft Holmes loved Greg's dominant side, but tonight he was going to submit, and love every minute of it.
. The hospital corridors, just as busy as always, seemed to echo around him; miraculously empty without the rumbling baritone of Sherlock's voice making deductions, complaining, even insulting every member of staff in the building, anything was better than the new found silence of his day. Not that other patients didn't talk of course, but, there was no one that could hold a patch on Sherlock Holmes. How could they? Competing with Sherlock was a futile endeavor when John's thoughts constantly remained on him: if he was OK, whether or not he might see him again, what he would do if he did. Less than a week and he was spellbound by the junkie/detective/sod.
Lestrade had, in what seemed to Sherlock like a fit of insanity, decided to spend his day off at his bedside. His willingness to subject himself to the stench and poor lumbar support on offer baffled, but Sherlock was not one to look a crime horse in the mouth. Even if said crime horse was voluntarily wearing a pair of tracksuit bottoms.
John stares at the man before him, then at the offending papers, and back again. The uppermost piece of document contained the name of an institute John had not heard of in his lifetime. One word stood out though.
Sherlock sighed loudly, throwing his phone across the room, causing John to open an eyelid slowly. "I'm not getting that back for you later" John mumbled, voice muffled by the pillow against his face. Sherlock looked at John for a second, giving him the we-both-know-that's-not-true face before falling back against him. "Not a case then?" John asked hopefully. He was knackered and quite frankly loathe to leave the new found comfort of Sherlock's bed. In a contrast to everywhere else the Sherlock-hurricane tore through his bedroom was immaculate, if a tad dark. John quite liked the colours, dark greys and black accented with purple and navy. It was almost like Sherlock wore his room around everyday.
Sherlock thought back to the week he was at St. Bart’s and what little interaction he had with John. Their first proper introductions when Sherlock regained consciousness and the nights he vaguely saw John hovering in the corridor just outside his hospital room.
"It's always like this, welcome to the club John." Victor smiled and chivvied his daughters forwards. "So what do you guys do then?" John asked as they wound their way through the halls at a leisurely pace. "I'm a fashion designer back in Paris and Victor here is a pharmacist." Violet chimed and John realised he shouldn't be surprised. All Holmes' were high achievers regardless of if they gained the name by blood or marriage. Victor flushed. "I'd ask you about yourself but... eh... don't tell anyone but I read your blog. The Aluminum crutch? Amazing. I'm sure he keeps you on your toes." John beamed and
He was worried, a deep seeded root in his stomach about this whole situation. As he fell into the front seat of the patrol car he wondered if texting Mycroft would get him hit by the younger Holmes. John was evidently exhausted when they reached Baker street. His eyes drooped low and Sherlock could tell his shoulder ached. He shepherded him straight to their room and watched while John fell calmly into sleep in minutes. The episode had probably taken a lot out of him. His phone buzzed, Lestrade needed his deductions from today and a statement from last time plus an incident report for pushing Anderson down a flight of stairs. John would sleep the night and Sherlock was better off going where he wouldn't disturb the slumber. He planted a soft kiss on his head and turned on his heel. John didn't wake when he slammed the door, nor when the window creaked. He didn't wake when the door to the bedroom was swung open. He did wake to the feeling of cold steel against his neck and one blue,one brown eye peering into his own. "Hello captain."
He would whisper softly into his ear and talk of his favourite memories of them together, not just as a couple but as friends as well. Slightly disturbing was the fact that he was lisping throughout these dreams but apart from that it was a small paradise where he simply listened to John's voice and felt the love that exuded right from his pores. Tonight was no different. A while after Sherlock drifted off, John entered his mind palace, dressed in his cardigan and pyjamas, a strange combination but no matter. Sherlock felt John lay beside him as he always did in the dreams, head perched on his elbow to start before slowly making it's way to his shoulder. "I remember the first time I laid eyes on you, God it seems like eons ago. Do you remember that?" Sherlock smiled "Afghanistan or Iraq" It was John's turn to smile then, he shifted closer. "You know, even then you were undoubtedly the most attractive man I'd ever seen, still are." he chuckled softly and Sherlock waited for more.
head up in society all these years would be a mystery if it weren't for Mycroft's standing." the old crone cooed "Just like his father in that way, such focus, such drive."
“That Holmes kid? Nah-ah, don't give me that look! You've been quieter since he was discharged last week. More lost in your thoughts, to the point that I'm beginning to wonder if we're ever gonna get to end of this surgery right here,” Paula smirked, glancing down at the patient on the operating table.
John woke up yelling once again and rubbed his eyes. Another day. Sometimes he wondered why he even bothered, everything was so dull and lifeless that he might as well be too. He stared at his blog for a while and then went out, deciding that fresh air was the best way forward. On his way through the park he crashed into Mike, who smiled strangely at him and dragged him to . "Sherlock Holmes meet John Watson." John could see that Sherlock was beautiful, his hair dark and curled, pale skin, angular cheekbones. He noticed that no matter what he did not lock eyes with him, averting his gaze to every other part of him bar his face. "Afghanistan or Iraq?" those three words had him hooked and when Sherlock gave him an address for a flat they could share, he didn't think twice about it. Of course he'd go.
that name!" Harry laughed, the noise so alien in the somber mood that John couldn't help but laugh too, deep full body chuckles that left him short of breath. This, he thought, this is how I'll remember my sister.
He hated Mummy's Autumn ball for many reasons and being forced to go was probably the main one, closely followed by having to be nice and being made dance with various women. Mummy did have an inkling that he was gay if he was anything but still the respectable women of England would be thrust into his arms and he'd have to bite his tongue and dance with them. It was positively hateful. He was distracted from his ruminations by John's arms snaking around his from behind and the soft touch of lips to his forehead. "Morning Lock."
Sherlock made the skull promise not to tell anyone how long he had sat there reliving the feeling of John's hands on his face before he started into the research. Eight and two third minutes was far too many to be considered anything less than entirely sad. As soon as he snapped out of his selfindulgent wanderings he began with a list.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and did the same, revelling internally at the glorious sound of paper being torn apart. Lestrade's gift was the first that came to hand, a large box that was quite weighty and had been wrapped in newspaper as well as wrapping paper, both of which were covered in pictures of the deerstalker. John giggled from behind him as he opened it. A box full of cold cases was nothing to be laughed at and he caught Lestrade's eye to give a nod of thanks before moving onto the next one. Quite obviously from Lucia, a sleekly wrapped black box containing a beautifully designed phone that had obviously been enhanced, and a small post-it informing him that Mycroft hadn't been aware of it's existence and had therefore not put his blasted monitoring systems in was just an added bonus.
There was a beat of silence as Greg registered the teeth marks on Sherlock's  hip and  John had the odd realisation that he'd never  even seen Mycroft's ankle before, let alone his chest hair, which just happened to be a sort of auburn red.
"I never met John without Sherlock until after the fall. They were inseparable, always working and dashing about together and it was clear that they were the closest two friends could be without crossing the boundary into being lovers. The best thing about being invisible is that you get to see everything. Every time John's eyes would linger when Sherlock turned away from him, how they orbited each other all the time, the way Sherlock would stare at John for hours on end, especially if he'd drifted off and he thought no one was watching. Then when Moriarty set him up he looked... As if his whole world were crumbling around him, which it was, but only when John looked away, because when he was there, Sherlock could pretend he would be coming out the other side. He died for John, and John would have died defending him, nearly did the way he worked to get Sherlock aqquited of all crimes. Sherlock lived with me for a while and he'd wake up and call for John in the night, beg for John when he was ill or injured, I even saw him crying a few times and when I asked him what was wrong he'd just show me blurry cctv footage of John doing something heartbreaking like taking one of Sherlock's pillows to bed with him or noting down the results of the experiments he'd left behind or just staring at the sofa with a wry smile. When he realised that John needed the cane again he was inconsolable for days. Sure he worked every day and most nights to stop Moriarty's web but John was all he thought of. When he was finally able to go home he thought John would hate him, that he'd be left loving this man who couldn't stand him and he was dejected before he even set foot outside the door. I was on the stairs when he knocked and John opened up. He blinked a
Thank God for that, I swear you'll give Mrs Hudson a heart attack one of these days, the amount of times she's come home to smoke pouring out of the flat is ridiculous -J
"No Mary, they haven't been through here yet today - why, is something wrong?" Greg sat forward, suddenly alarmed. What if something had happened with the baby?
When John finally got a chance to look at his phone he was leaving the surgery for the day. As expected Sherlock hadbeen texting him all day with varying degrees of coherency. The only one he played attention to was the last one Scotland Yard -SH. Smiling to himself John hopped in a taxi to the yard.
Greg sipped his pint and rubbed his eyes. "When did pubs get so loud? I must be getting old" he complained over the ever present hum of voices. John shrugged and sighed. While he was eager enough to spend time with Greg, on days like today he wanted the comfort of his own home and some peace. "It would be nice to have some quiet and just relax without having to worry about" he was cut off by the simultaneous buzzing of their phones. Greg scoffed. "Mycroft." John eyed his and sighed "I'll give you two guesses who texted me" Greg shook his head and laughed dryly, taking another swig of his beer. "Go on so, what does yours want?" John cleared his throat "John, when are you coming home? Need your laptop. And tea. We may need milk. SH Clearly he wants me home, what about yours?" Greg smirked. "I have returned home Gregory and am awaiting your arrival in the bedroom. Do hurry, I am not a patient man MH." John chuckled quietly to himself.
“My brother is not in the habit of taking care of himself, despite my best efforts. I don't doubt that he will have a return visit - whether or not that will have anything to do with his current problem remains to be seen. Some mountain air, perhaps, will…clear his head.”
John laughed and shook his head, rooting through the piles of paper and wood on the desk and pulling out a small chisel, stood up, knocked a small corner off the lid he'd been carving when Sherlock interrupted and set the thing back down before leaning back against his desk with a wry grin.
"There was a man, Hudson was his name, who ran quite a successful crime syndicate until he decided to brutally murder two rival  criminals and get implicated in the crime."  Sherlock went on to explain a bit more in depth and John leaned closer to hear what exactly Mr Hudson had done, interjecting every few minutes to ask medical questions or just clarify the story, staring enthralled the entire time. " The police wouldn't have found the evidence to get him sentenced as he should have been, I could. It was a favour for the woman seated in 4a that I ensured his death. I'm not generally in the business of favours especially ones that involve--" but all of a sudden they were taxiing down the runway and Sherlock's teeth clenched while he grabbed the armrest for dear life as the plane went vertical.
Mr Holmes gave a weary sigh. “You are the doctor who saw to my brother when he was brought in the other night, are you not? Doctor Stamford only sees Sherlock as another patient but you see him as a man in need of more than help. Might I add that you seem to be the only being around here who Sherlock could even tolerate having around. My brother doesn't place his trust fully in someone he barely knows often, but when he does, it's for a reason.”
"Come on in, what's today's name of choice?" Lucia grinned and strode in, holding her hand out to him. "Lucia. All the family knows, and now you're about to be part of it, so do you. I'm thinking of going by Esme for the day." John shook her hand and laughed happily. "Esme it is then. You look gorgeous by the way, Greg doesn't she look great?" Greg nodded and gave Lucia a cheeky wink, he knew about her and Molly too, in fact the only one who didn't know that everyone in the room was aware of their relationship was Molly herself. "Seriously, Molly, isn't she stunning?" Molly looked her up and down, from the artfully messy bun of chestnut hair, perfectly applied make up, midnight blue one sleeve gown that looked like it was made of falling leaves, down to painted toenails in silver strapped heels. She said nothing, just stared. Lucia herself was beginning to blush under the gaze and Greg coughed to ease some tension which seemed to snap Molly back to her senses. "Quite! She looks... quite beautiful." Molly squeaked in that voice that she used when Sherlock really had her flustered. Lucia really did blush then, and brushed a strand of loose hair behind her ear as she muttered a quick thank you.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut tightly as John's hand lingered briefly on his shoulder and then disappeared, along with the man himself, into the kitchen as promised. John's obtuse nature had meant two weeks of no sleep for Sherlock, and while he was all for staying up and doing useful things, like perfecting his Mandarin accent or cultivating his poison garden, but that wasn't what was happening. Oh no. Instead his treacherous mind would swirl around the idea that if John were present he would be able to sleep. Unproven conjecture on his own part and that was infuriating in and of itself. His first rule was never to theorise without all the facts. At best he had two facts: John was a frequent and practiced sleeper. The knowledge that he continued to breathe in a regular and calm manner was... comforting. John's potential influence on his own () issues was another matter entirely.
Sherlock had spent the afternoon at Bart’s, and despite his buoyant mood when he’d come in (rustle of his scarf being whipped off at speed, sound of rummaging in the kitchen for his safety goggles, distinctive tinkle of bubbling Erlenmeyer flasks and pen scratching nigh on illegible notes), one look at John coming down the stairs and his face seemed to shutter off behind the clear plastic of his glasses.
"Mr Holmes? When I heard the call was urgent I had expected a bit more... urgency. Then again, with Billy as your messenger you never quite know what you're walking into!" Molly smiled patiently up at him and Sherlock resolved to induce a meeting between herself and the good inspector.
Instead he pulled John's face to his and kissed him. Well he tried to, he wasn't quite sure if he was doing it right because in theory he knew what was expected but as a practical example this was his first attempt so there was room for error but still there he was, cold lips pressed forcefully against John's. For his part John was very still, which, while not conducive to the "kissing experience that ended in quite a lot of sex" Sherlock had been hoping for, was definitely an improvement on trying to run away. Sherlock only pulled back when he was 86.5% sure John wouldn't be going anywhere if he stared at him with a little surprised 'o' mouth and Sherlock preened a bit at the flushed pink of his cheeks.
The almost witty retort was new: “No. She was fucking my sister.”
’ John thought to himself in the afternoon as he stitched a neat row across the cut on Mr Donnelly's abdomen ‘
Sherlock was silent, disbelieving that he was having this conversation at all. He put down his spoon, and, clearing his throat, continued the first and last discussion about his nonexistent personal life.
"Andy Dwyer, James Matthews, Paul Simon, Russell Davies, Steve Mofatt, Mark Gatiss, Andrew Scott, Sam Smith, Bill Murray, Tony Garcia and Michael Flatley." Each boy got a once over before she made her decision. "Davies, Moffat and Gatiss you'll be joining Mr Knight over there for Jazz and swing in room 10. Flatley, Scott and Dwyer you three will be Irish dancing, room 25. Smith, Garcia, hip hop, 12. Murray, Matthews and Simon will dance contemporary with me in room 8. Daly ballroom is in room 3. As for Captain Watson I have a few things I have to sort out. The rest of you go, I trust Coach Lestrade will accompany you to ensure you don't get lost?" A quirk of one perfectly shaped eyebrow and they were off out of the room, with the coach who had been leaning against the wall chivvying them along.
For one thing, it was so very far from intimate even though there had technically been a bed involved in the proceedings, and it was a bit awkward knowing that John had had to bodily put him to bed, like some sort of helpless child rather than a potential romantic partner (not that John ever appeared to be willing to make good on that potential, however). Then there was the fact that while Sherlock himself had little to no real memory of the event, John clearly did because when he mentioned it John had chuckled to himself at the memory. It was all The Woman's fault of course, naturally she couldn't help but be an utter nuisance for him. Though the chances of John lifting him from the front door to the bedroom without her little chemical interference had been slim (not impossible, and wasn't that a thought) Sherlock didn't appreciate the 'assistance'. He was perfectly capable of getting what he wanted. Eventually.
“Hey, Doc, you there?”
The taxi ride was a short one by their standards, with the two of them sitting in amiable silence, each avoiding staring at the general chest area of the other. Before they even rounded the corner of the club John could feel the bass vibrating in his chest. It had been a long time since he'd felt that pulsating need to respond to the rhythm, to just go with it. He remembered now why he didn't go to clubs, because he really did not have any control over his actions when he was there. It had gotten him a lot of attention in the past and Harry was the one who suggested that maybe it wasn't the best idea. Which was true, John could see her point of view, after all anything that stemmed from those nights tended to be superficial. Now though he couldn't just back out, and yet his self control was seriously lacking when it came to a heavy bass line. Maybe that's why he liked Sherlock's voice so much...
"Well. Fancy that. Nice to see you again so soon. Thank you ma'am I'll take him off your hands if you'd like, I'm sure you're very busy." The undercurrent of flirtation was not lost on the stewardess as she blushed and fluttered her lashes a good bit before leaving them be. Sherlock was struck by how very unlikely this situation was, and he stood staring vaguely into nothing before the man spoke again.
Prompt 29: Rank
“but I of course stayed to stoke the fire, never mind a bit of cold and wet for me, a lady of Mrs Hudson’s years should not be subjected to the same, which is why, my treasure, I had to leave our bed in the first place, though you must know I did not wish to.“
>Subconscious, dreamscape: reference point DELETED centric scenarios, Fantasy; Ending, Arm; mark curiosity -delete.
,” Sherlock had caught amongst the hushed whispers between the staff and even medical students passing through the ward. “
The sun rose again the next morning though John's world had stopped spinning and he got up to find Sarah dressed in overalls and a shirt. "I figured we might as well do it all today, we both have the day off so I can get here put together and you can get your stuff" John smiled and made a remark about how it was a great idea and how he couldn't wait. He wasn't even sure if he was still speaking English at this point, but he left anyway and made his way home one last time. 221 was quiet, Mrs Hudson was away with her sister again. John was pleased, he couldn't handle saying goodbye twice, especially not when he'd have to say it to Sherlock either before and then talk to Mrs Hudson in tears, or after and not be able to say anything because he was choked with guilt at leaving her to fend for herself with a madman. It was better this way.
Hours later they were tucked comfortably in bed having eaten one of the meals that were waiting for them in the fridge and drank a bottle of frankly amazing rosé. John's hand had barely left Sherlock's skin all day, in truth he'd felt a bit emotionally wrung out himself, and there was comfort in knowing that Sherlock was right there in it with him.
he could have been). What mattered was compatibility, attraction,
He recognized faces of politicians and actors and a few models here and there but still none compared to Sherlock in that heavenly charcoal number he had on. John caught sight of a couple that were very familiar indeed. He grabbed Sherlock's arm and looked up at him wide eyed. "Sherlock is that Wills and fucking Kate?!" Sherlock just smirked and John sputtered away. "What are they doing here?!" Sherlock laughed and waved it off "Extended family. It's all a bit messy." He laughed again as John tried to wrap his head around the fact that Sherlock was related to the queen and still didn't care who the primeminister is.
Sherlock slumped against him, wrapping himself up in John in any way he could, pressing them together until there was next to no space between them  and even then it wasn't close enough. This man, he thought to himself, this is the man who I get to share my life with.
“What do you have for me Lestrade?”
He queried, having sat up and noticed his reflection in one of the wardrobe door mirrors
And I chose to ignore it, I'd assume even you can fathom why that is -SH
did? Apparently it did matter, the major had lost all interest in John when he’d stumbled in, arm searing in unbearable agony, to find his destiny was lying dead on John's operating table. Ironically, Jack had only been two days younger than him.
Mycroft knew obviously and by extension Mummy and a few other Holmes's but that was it. "I..." John frowned and strode over, spinning Sherlock around in his chair so they faced each other. "Just because we aren't flouncing about in the street does not mean I don't want to go places and do things with you as a couple Sherlock, I'm not ashamed of you. I understand if you are of me and if that's why you don't want to go I definitely see why..." Sherlock nearly did a double take. Why would he possibly be ashamed of John? "Of course I'm not ashamed of you John, I was just unsure as to whether you would..." he drifted off. "Whether I would say yes?" John asked softly. Sherlock nodded. "Well for the record I would say yes to almost anything you asked me provided it wasn't going to injur me, you or my sanity. My daft detective" he smiled before pressing his lips against Sherlock's. "Now, breakfast?" Sherlock nodded and John went back into the kitchen to make toast. "John? Will you go to the ball with me?" Sherlock asked as John placed a few slices of toast between them. "I'd love to Sherlock" He said and sat down grinning.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow at this. Clearly John was hyper-aware of Sherlock’s history with drugs.
Up to this day, he was grateful for the “protection” his brother provided him with, but he had never explicitly expressed his gratitude to his sibling. Sentiment and gratitude are the two things Sherlock Holmes never excelled in, after all.
"Couldn't say, I'm not working at full capacity, think he gave me a concussion before he stole our phones." Sherlock chimed brightly enough that John had to laugh while he groaned. Trust this to be the one time he couldn't rely on Sherlock's massive intellect to get them out of the trouble he'd gotten them into.
There were three crucial details about which Sherlock was completely certain. The first: that the Yard were utterly useless when it came to catching criminals, even when you gave them all the necessary information to do so. He'd have to get on the case himself somehow before they let this smuggler slip away. The second: Nurse Mary was harbouring feelings of an amorous inclination towards John and hoped very much that his thoughts were in line with hers. This thought left him in a foul humour every time it crossed his mind for some reason, but possibly related to the third, and in his opinion at the moment, most important point: John Watson was avoiding him, and he had no idea why.
“Right um, yes that, that would be… good. If you could get me my phone too that would be… there's an urgent text that I need to send and I can't seem to get anyone to bring mine to me so…” Sherlock's eyes tracked his hand as it reached into the pocket of his trousers and lifted out his phone.
The numbers hiding under his sleeve begged to differ about that, but Sherlock, due to an overwhelming lack of prospective, anything other than murderers was well aware that those digits were worth believing in about as much as any given person on the street.
"You've been paying attention Watson! Just a simple leap that you missed this time, perhaps if you had, as you said, the whole picture, it would have come to you. The bruising is in the shape of hand prints, and female hands at that, the width, or rather the lack of it made that much clear." Watson gasped in shock.
Sherlock gathered up the used utensils and was just leaving when John called out. "Yes John?" John smirked. "I saw the table on the way in. Apology accepted, although I'm sure Mrs Hudson will be adding to our rent for that. Sometimes I wonder how many ways you can find to melt our furniture... Don't even think about it." He added, seeing the glint of a new experiment in Sherlock's eyes. Sherlock pouted, mouth drooping. John sighed and shook his, head, a slight smile playing on his lips. "We have to buy a new table anyway... Just contain it to the table okay?" "Okay!" Sherlock scrambled out of the room. "And you're buying the new one Sherlock!" John yelled, still smiling. "Yes dear now go back to sleep!" Sherlock retorted from the kitchen, preparing for the second time in his life to melt furniture, the first time had been an accident and he hadn't got a chance to catalogue the results. This would be fun.
“Yeah, yeah I’m fine, sorry ‘bout that. Merry Christmas, Dan.”
Piqué turns - A series of travelling turns done on one leg, pointed forwards in quick succession while the other is bent and pointed towards the knee
"Don't worry love" the stranger proclaimed loudly "I'm sure they disinfect the upholstery all the time." Sherlock looked questioningly at him, opened his mouth to rebuke him but was stopped in his tracks by the kind smile and whispered
In the olden days, people had denounced love at first sight as impossible, because for them it was. It took thousands of years of evolution and documenting to reveal the truth of that phrase. It was all in the eyes. There was no real telling signs, colour had a little to do with it but seeing as there were only a certain number of eye colours you could be that helped very little. Sites were set up, showing only pictures of someone's eyes. If they were your soulmate you would know instantly and have to find them, no matter what. As the realisation that eyes were the key to finding the perfect match for you, people made eye contact with almost everyone around them, just in case. It did happen like that too, people would walk down the road and suddenly their soulmate would just be there. John Watson had seen it happen many times. For a while he had searched, just like everyone else, but eventually he gave up, joined the army, protected the bonds people had made with his life against people who wished to destroy them. After all, if one half of a pairing dies the other might as well be because there is only one person made for you, and once they are gone you will truly be alone, a shell of what you used to be, the mark of your soulmate branding you forever.
Which was why Lucia hadn't slept a wink that night. The two of them had stumbled into their assigned room at some god forsaken hour of the morning and slid into bed next to each other. Molly had passed out soon after, but not before lamenting the fact that the first time they slept together wouldn't be at home, wouldn't have all of the trust and hope that the act clearly carried for her. It had sobered Lucia right up, though she hadn't been that drunk beforehand, and forced herself to stay awake at all costs because she was damned if they were going to lose something that meant a lot to Molly for no reason other than her lack of self restraint.
Trusting his instincts to guide him had always worked well in the past, so John kept to that philosophy on the horse. It worked pretty well, he didn't look anywhere near as graceful as Sherlock, but then again he never did. Eventually he managed to catch up and keep pace. "How is it that you manage to look graceful on horseback? Is there something you don't look graceful doing?" Sherlock smirked "No, I was subjected to the pastimes of gentry from an early age, equestrian, polo, croquet, ballroom dance, that sort. It was painfully boring but I picked them up with ease to avoid spending any time on them and then deleted the majority of the information, apart from equestrian. Horses are rather useful to me at times, I'm not particularly graceful at all." John raised his eyebrows and shook his head. "We both know you are, so denying it's pointless. Where are we off to?"
"Merry Christmas Mycroft" Lestrade beamed up at his lover who was still panting from the very enthusiastic wake up he'd received. "And many happy returns my dearest Gregory." Mycroft eventually managed to get his breath back. His phone beeped quietly front the bedside locker and he frowned as he picked it up, but that quickly melted into a smile when he read the text he'd received. "Meretricious, brother mine -SH" Quickly he typed a response. He didn't need to think too hard to picture the small smile on his brother's face, he'd caused it more often these days than he could remember doing since he'd boarded at Eton. "And a happy new year Brother dearest -MH" Perhaps they might make it through this holiday after all.
In John's room he sat next to the bed, watching him. His torso was covered in a white bandage, one for the cracked ribs and the other for the nine holes in his stomach. The doctors had been very clear that the burns would scar, indeed branding John with his military identity for life. The swelling in his face had gone down and John looked like himself again, if battered slightly more than he was used to. It was five am and Sherlock was exhausted. He lay his face next to John's hand on the bed and fell asleep almost instantly. John woke first, wincing slightly at the pain in his chest. Sherlock raised his head to look at John and he smiled weakly. John coughed and grinned back, grasping Sherlock's hand in his own.
He'd packed most of his stuff away anyway, because this, this right here was exactly what he'd expected,didn't mean he felt any less like throwing up. He didn't regret a minute of their time together, and telling Mycroft that he loved him was the right thing to do even though it left him feeling rather empty. The man had to know that he was capable of being loved by someone. Greg rang for a taxi and grabbed his stuff, dumping it in front of the door. He'd hoped, deep down, that Mycroft would rs down the stairs to meet him and tell him that he'd gotten it wrong, that Mycroft loved him too and wanted him to stay, but when the doorbell rang with the cabbie Mycroft hadn't reappeared and he was forced to accept the stark reality of his situation. He closed the door quietly behind him, not wanting to intrude anymore than he already had. "Tufton street please mate." he instructs the driver who took a quick look at him and his ample baggage and drove off in silence. Greg had never been so thankful for it in his life.
That had been back in August, and since then Greg had even met Mary a few times, but not so often that, when her name popped up on his phone, he wasn't alarmed.
A solitary cab sat stranded at the road’s edge, long since deserted by horse and driver both, the carriage itself and ever fading hoof prints the only sign they had ever disturbed the snow.
“Did you really intend to greet this lovely Christmas morning with such manners?” Mycroft sneered.
If they had been anywhere else, John would have picked up the phone. Sherlock still might not have, but John definitely would.
"I want to do it too, and whether or not the government thinks so, it's official to me and to you and that's all that matters. Part of me wishes things were different, that I could tell the whole world about you and how much you mean to me, and one day maybe we'll be able to do that too but for now, I want to marry you, so I'm going to go down to the lake, and in ten minutes exactly you're going to follow me, and marry me in front of the only two people in the world that know about us and it's then we'll start the rest of our lives together." John's answering kiss was lightning and Sherlock almost didn't want to break away and leave, but he had to. John's desire to be with him in the most permanent way he could think of was the only reason he let him go, but the ten minutes he had to wait before following him were torture.
John felt his face go red and he gave a little “hmph” before setting about to finish the rest of the appendectomy on Mrs Collins. Later as the patient was wheeled into the post-surgery ward and John had disposed of his gown and was scrubbing his hands away, Paula sidled up to him, a soft look on her face.
It had never been harder to stop himself from reaching out to touch, from wondering in idle moments if, underneath the layers of armour and shoes, perhaps Sherlock was wearing his gift, enjoying something that John had given him.
John stopped him. "No, no wait, just, give me a second to wrap my head around this. You think that you deserve to be miserable and all that because you made me grieve you for the past two years? Or was it all the times before that when you supposedly made my life a misery? Sherlock Holmes you're my best friend and yes you're bloody infuriating and sometimes I just want to strangle you but that's just you being yourself and I wouldn't change it for the world! I could never really have been happy with Mary once I knew you were alive, the fact she tried to kill you doesn't even bear thinking about. As for this whole punishing yourself business I forgave you weeks ago, it's time you forgave yourself. In fact I'm sorry, for making you feel as if you weren't a totally necessary part of my happiness, because you are. Nothing you can do could possibly change that." Sherlock moved his head out from
Sherlock coughed roughly, his throat still objecting to the rough treatment it had been subjected to when he was intubated. “Well,” he croaked. “I gather that I'm in a hospital, geographically St Bart's is most logical. As for how I came to be here, there was a rather unfortunate dip in the Thames with a stab-happy murderer. Not my finest moment.”
Soon after that Mycroft and Greg arrived, Using their ID's to gain access as John had once back in Baskerville. "Well?" Sherlock asked Greg, knowing that the answer would be the right one. "Dead. I'll have to take your statement, and John's too. Bloody paperwork" This time Sherlock would bring John with him to do the paper work, even if he had to carry him asleep. "I have had some people update the security in your flat. Nothing major, no cameras but an incident like this will beverages happen again." Mycroft added, spinning his umbrella around in his hands. Nervous. "How is he?" Greg asked, openly concerned. He had seen the injuries briefly when Sherlock had picked John up but they had been unclear, covered by his army uniform. Sherlock hardened visibly, obvious detachment techniques.
Angelo's was surprisingly empty. Though the dinner rush had yet to begin it was still unusually deserted. John eyed Sherlock who looked away innocently; he must have planned it this way. John's stomach fluttered at the effort Sherlock had made to ensure his comfort. Underneath the cold exterior Sherlock was more thoughtful than the majority of the population. The majority of the population wouldn't have slipped their coat around my shoulders during a particularly cold crime scene even though it was snowing and they were cold too. They sat down at the table by the window, the same one they had sat at on that first case together. It had become their booth.
Squeezing Sherlock's hand, Father spoke. “Son, you'd be surprised to know that I, too, didn't believe in soulmates, until your mother came along. I may not have looked like it but I was very quiet as a little boy, for a period of time, quite the unsociable outcast. I did not want anything to do with anyone and whatever friends I had, I couldn't keep for more than a year, at best. I had myself convinced that no one in the world understood me. That belief flew out the window when I made friends with this lady right here,” he gave Mummy a nudge and wide smile, “she opened my eyes to what I'd been missing, and more importantly, she opened my heart. Everything else was history, and it was just a bonus that we eventually realised our soulmate numbers matched up.”
Maybe he should have said something to Sherlock. He should have dropped a hint at least, or tried to find out what Sherlock thought of his soulmate mark, if it mattered to him at all. It would still have been too soon to drop the ball and mention what he saw. The man was so unpredictable that John was now having doubts that Sherlock would readily accept John's claim and be willing to explore their (somewhat a relationship) relationship further.
Ah. The light would be filtering through velvet curtains then, was Sherlock supposed to perform? Likely. That was fine, he had no problem showing off.
He was thankfully back to full cognitive function by now and had scathingly refused the offer of a shock blanket and a trip to the hospital. A few cuts and bruises, superficial wounds were all he was afflicted with and he was not in any mood to deal with a gang of doctors prodding at him all night. "I'm fine. We're leaving! Come on John we can walk home from here." Sherlock leapt up and out of the offending vehicle and John half smiled at him, utterly exasperated but happy. "Alright Sherlock, but we have to report to Lestrade first" John gave him the look, the I-am-serious-don't-even-try-and-argue look and Sherlock pouted but rushed over to Lestrade and began talking at a mile a minute. John snorted and the paramedic bandaging his hand looked at Sherlock who was lamenting the stupidity of London's finest to Lestrade.
There was one small, easily ignored part of him that didn’t really want to know. For now, John was a wonderfully diverting enigma, a crackable puzzle that came in an unexpectedly aesthetically pleasing package. Although Sherlock didn’t quite buy into the idea of all that soulmates nonsense, he couldn’t help but admit to a startling level of… abdominal
Sherlock cursed as he ran straight into an intern, and watched as John walked purposefully in from the night, Sherlock tried to meet him half way and hope he didn't notice anything amiss but unfortunately for him John had improved his observational skills. "Er... Sherlock, why does half the Yard look like they want to eat me?" There was a wolf whistle from somewhere to the back and a scattering of laughter. Sherlock flushed as he imagined the reason and John turned to look at the officers and his eyebrows rose. Plastered across every computer screen was the photograph of Mr. June. John turned back to Sherlock with a teasing grin. "You've seen that then I take it?" Sherlock cleared his throat and nodded, not trusting his voice. John grinned lazily. "If that blush is anything to go by you liked what you saw... as did everyone else which is quite nice." He gestured to the room in general and there was a little cheer. Lestrade stepped out of his office and froze when he saw John, who shook his head, amused. "Right. I think the best way to clear the air so to speak is to- you won't arrest me will you?" John asked and Lestrade frowned slightly but shook his head apprehensively, and everyone looked confused. John toed off his shoes and socks in one go and pulled his shirt up and over his head, and stepped out of his trousers to reveal the pants and the room exploded with appreciative cheers and whistles.
Late into the evening the family were sprawled in the study, reading (The Holmes' and Holly) and napping (Greg and John) when the seemingly thunderous noise of the door knocker split the silence, jolting all from their restful states. Orabelle perked up immediately but if anything Sherlock shuffled further into the corner he had chosen. "It'll be fine" John soothed, "I'll be here." It was a comforting thought to be sure, but clearly John didn't understand the Holmes family very well (with one very obvious exception) because the influx of snotty aristocratic types that were waiting outside the door for Sebastian to open it was immense and frankly quite horrid to be around with two notable group exceptions - the majority of the children, and Sherrinford and Aurora. He hadn't missed this at all. A horrendously nasal voice wafted in from the hallway "and then he said that he'd sold his stocks months ago for a fraction of what mine went for but of course they did because I have quite a gift for-" Ah. So Uncle Pierre was still alive then. "Wonderful" Sherlock ground out through gritted teeth. John's hand reached for his with a reassuring pat and then swiftly withdrew. The grateful smile he got in return for that was fleeting as the mask Sherlock had worn during the early days of their friendship shuttered across his face again.
John stared hard at himself in the mirror, carefully adjusting medals and flattening his beret. It'd been a while, a long while since he'd had occasion to wear the ensemble, not since he'd been awarded the medals pinned to his breast actually. That ceremony was one he remembered very little of, the agony of his shoulder, the grief of lost brothers, the emptiness of discharge honourable or otherwise. He hadn't cared what he looked like in the damned uniform, although he suspected the far away eyes and ashen skin would have made him look dead. Now however he cared a little. He'd be stood next to Sherlock who could make literally anything look good, and he'd undoubtedly be dressed to perfection by the infamous tailor that had made almost everything he wore (someone should give that man a medal because those shirts... ) so Sherlock would be the picturesque Armani model stood next to some middle aged guy who was getting a bit grey around the edges. Anyone who thought men didn't fret over their appearances was just not paying attention, and before their weddings? John chuckled to himself and was resigned to the fact that he'd look how he looked regardless of whether he liked it or not. Greg looked very dapper, almost George Clooney-esque with his hair being set off by a dark blue suit, white shirt with cufflinks that had what John could only assume was the Holmes crest engraved on them and a lightly silver tie.
A/N A little lemon for y'all to break up the hiatus a bit!
He only slowed when the door of John's room got in his way. He could hear him, pottering about inside, the distinct sounds of a kettle boiling and a tea spoon clinking off a mug reinforcing the fact that this was real. Subtlety was probably the best approach and so he knocked sharply on the door. "Go away please, I'm not interested" "John?" Mug clattered to the floor. "Sherlock?" "Open the door John. Please." Two quick steps and suddenly door swung open, revealing one to the other. Seconds, an eternity, passed between them, growing and writhing in their unbroken gaze. "John I-" Sherlock was cut off abruptly by John, who flew at him and pressed their lips together, like Sherlock was the only thing he needed to breathe. Sherlock pulled John to him and ran his hands up and down his body, once again mapping it. "I don't know" John whispered between kisses "whether to kick you into next week" his mouth ravaged Sherlock's "Or have a mental breakdown because you're alive." Lips and tongue traced his jaw and followed it down to his neck. "I can explain it all John I - oh" John held a finger to his lips. "Tomorrow you will be telling me everything about all of this and I will see if you deserve a good kicking or not. Right now though, I need to see all of you. I missed you so much Sherlock, And I'm going to show you exactly how much if you close the door." Sherlock pulled the door shut and waited, watching John smile deviously. "Strip and get on the bed" Sherlock did as he was told, not ashamed of the new scars he had accrued over the years. He planted himself on John's bed and looked up for his next instruction. "Good, now put your hands over your head, just like that, okay, I'm going to cuff them up there, and now your legs exactly!" He didn't bother asking why exactly John had these handcuffs but it was probably above board.
Harry Watson awoke to the blurry vision of her doctor staring down at her, and no one else. She didn't have to be a genius to know what that meant. "Tell me then." she rasped out, her throat was dry and it felt as if she'd swallowed nails. "When we opened Ms. Watson, we got a much clearer view of the damage than we did with the CT and MRI. It became apparent that performing the histerectomy would have little effect except to buy some time for you. The cancer has spread at an alarming rate, your kidneys, liver, bowel, and lungs have all been compromised, the damage is irreparable. Surgically, there's nothing else we can do." Harry took a few minutes to wrap her head around this, still reeling from surgery and cloudy with drugs, she really just wanted to know. "How long?" The doctor sighed and looked reluctant to say anything. "That bad huh?" Harry said, trying for levity. "A couple of months is the best we can hope for. I'll have someone come to talk to you about end of life care later on. Would you like me to tell your next of kin?" Harry scrambled to sit up but hissed in pain, forgetting in her panic the surgery she'd just endured for no reason. "
Sherlock smiled broadly, after protesting initially at the nickname he found he rather liked it, only John would call him Lock. "Morning John" Sherlock nuzzled into John's arms and sighed contentedly. The invitation issue would wait. "What's this then, the reason you didn't come to bed I assume?" John peered over his shoulders and read for a moment. "I've seen this before... You get one every year! I knew it looked familiar, the card and envelope, the handwriting, I remember seeing them before" John seemed rather pleased with that for some reason. "Mmmm. My mother has cordially invited us to her Autumnal ball this evening." he waited for the knock down, a rejection. "Oh. Are we going?" John asked, genuinely curious. "I don't really know. I can't decide."
If you are going to read these then I may as well be honest. I miss you. Every fibre of my being misses you and thoughts of you are the only thing that convinces me to keep going. You are an extraordinary man John, and I thought that I was telling the truth when I said that being alone protected me because it always has before, but I was wrong. You have protected me and fought for me and been the best friend anyone could possibly ask for and I thought I didn't need you but I do, more than I need the work or relief from boredom. I need you like Mycroft's assistant needs her phone, I need you like Mrs Hudson needs to reassure us that she is not our housekeeper, I need you like Lestrade needs sleep, I need you like Mycroft needs to be in control, I need you more than I need myself. I can't help but hope that you need me too, because the point of no return has long since passed for me and I think the damage would be irreparable should you leave me. Perhaps the Greeks were right, and we were truly born with four arms, four legs, and a single heart, split into two beings and dropped to the Earth, trying to find one another again to complete ourselves. Perhaps you were given the heart and I was given the head.
"Well Holmes Sherlock Holmes, what brings you to the workplace of Watson John Watson? Or rather, just John?"
John laughed breathlessly into Sherlock's shoulder as they swayed much more softly now on the floor. "I knew you'd be able to dance but where did all that come from?!" Sherlock twirled them both around and cradled John to him just a bit more, yet another guest taking a leisurely stare at his arse in those trousers. "I confess that I always had a certain passion for dance, I only gave it up because it became both too time consuming and towards the end a bit... emotionally charged for me. Still, it appears my love of it has gone unchanged." John inhaled Sherlock's shirt and smiled into his chest. "You're bloody good at it, thank God we won't have to go to ruddy dance lessons for the wedding anyway."
John beamed and took Harry's hand in his while Clara caught her lips. Gosh he'd been so worried that she wouldn't make it back from this but she actually looked ok, although he couldn't be sure because her charts were missing for some reason. "You are dear when you get out of this bed Harriet Watson, I can't believe you put me in that position! I had to call them because of the whole eggs issue and you promised you'd tell him! You're an utter idiot and I was
When he realised it Greg wanted to kick himself. They'd only been talking about the solution to their problems this morning.
Mrs Hudson was the first to arrive, mainly because she had food and needed extra hands to cart it from one apartment to the other. John swiped a gingerbread man when she wasn't looking and winked conspiratorially at Sherlock from behind her back, making him smirk as he continued to hang various decorations. 221b was filled with a cozy glow of warm light from the fire and the strings of twinkling lights around the room by the time everyone else arrived. "Alright John?" Greg smiled as he grabbed a glass of mulled wine. "Alright Greg. How's things?" John smiled warmly. "Good actually yeah, the new place is nice, good neighbourhood." Lestrade gave a half smile and swigged back the rest of the liquid in his glass, nodding at Sherlock who was clearly making a painful effort not to snap at Molly while she chatted at him and had resorted to throwing back drinks. "He's well... He's Sherlock. Pray he doesn't get the urge to cuddle because while the man is surprisingly closed when sober, drunken Sherlock is an indiscriminate hugger. He made me assist him in his experiment. Trust me. I know." The pair chuckled away in the corner of the room, chatting for a few hours about everything from football to cases. When John heard the faint sounds of footsteps on the stairs he made a beeline for Sherlock in the kitchen. Sherlock was lounging against the table on his elbows, a bright smile etched on his face that had even Mrs Hudson giggling as she and Molly spoke quietly to each other, sneaking glances at Angelo, who was talking to Lestrade, every few seconds. Mycroft knocked once before entering, eyes sweeping the apartment. "Apologies, I was delayed" he smirked and swung his umbrella, sidling into the kitchen to grab some of Mrs Hudson's truly phenomenal Christmas cake.
Sherlock was shaking, eyes rimmed red with the tears that refused to fall, yet were still created. John's breaths were shallow and fast, and even Mycroft could see the effort it was taking for him to lie still when his whole being was screaming that he should curl up into a ball to avoid being attacked again and to try let the wounds clot. "Any ideas?" Mycroft asked in a brief respite from the torture. "Three. I want to be certain, and I want to go now but... I might be wrong. What if I am wrong and I go and while I'm gone..." he didn't need rolled finish that sentence. Mycroft too feared that this may well be the last they saw of John Watson. He could only imagine how short a time his brother would remain if that were to occur. Most likely only long enough to kill Moran, and then himself. "I do not doubt you Sherlock, this is your John. You will not fail him." Sherlock turned to look back at the screen and prepared to search again.
Sherlock sighed loudly, throwing his phone across the room, causing John to open an eyelid slowly. "I'm not getting that back for you later" John mumbled, voice muffled by the pillow against his face. Sherlock looked at John for a second, giving him the we-both-know-that's-not-true face before falling back against him. "Not a case then?" John asked hopefully. He was knackered and quite frankly loathe to leave the new found comfort of Sherlock's bed. In a contrast to everywhere else the Sherlock-hurricane tore through his bedroom was immaculate, if a tad dark. John quite liked the colours, dark greys and black accented with purple and navy. It was almost like Sherlock wore his room around everyday.
The journey was not long enough, and when they reached the stable John was almost disappointed that they had to go inside. Mummy, Mycroft and Greg were already saddling up when the arrived. Sherlock lead John past the half doors until they had reached the last two doors. "I'll show you how to mount" Sherlock said exuberantly, his excitement showing through. He strode confidently into the stall with a grey, it's white skin luminous. John watched in fascination at the gentle manner in which Sherlock crooned to the horse while he put on his saddle and bit. He could hear the others going outside, the steady clip clop of hooves on the ground peppered with a quiet swear from Greg.
,’ Sherlock mused as he lay alone in his room once more, ‘
Dinner was going about as well as Sherlock could have expected. Mycroft sat across from him, a knowing grin threatening to break across his face that was smothered only for the more important task of stuffing said face with Christmas dinner. Mummy, as vaguely polite as ever, was waiting for them all to finish their first glass of wine before she started in on him Sherlock knew, and Dad was silent, watching him with a curious gleam in his eye as he work ed his way through his plate.
"Not many people do know I have one. It's supposed to be in a safe in the bank but clearly not anymore. Greg... were you... nervous, before you got married? I should be more nervous than most people, I'm marrying Sherlock Holmes for God's sake but I just... I'm worried he'll change his mind more than anything else. He said he wasn't getting cold feet but..." he trailed off and Greg's heart ached for him. This whole night alone lark got to everyone he'd ever known, made them doubt themselves or their partner and made them stay awake all night, meaning they were knackered in the morning. "Everyone feels that way the night before, trust me, I was a mess, didn't sleep, it was awful because no one could make it better but I think I have a solution for you mate, just promise not to rat me out will you?" John nodded emphatically and Greg stood up and started taking off his tie while John spluttered. "Not for that you numpty, for your eyes" Still spluttering. "As in you aren't supposed to see him but if you can't..." Greg lead and John began to grin. "You my friend are a genius." Greg tied the tie in a knot across his eyes and lead him to the door and out into the corridor.
He was so lost in his mind palace that he didn't register John's hand reaching across the back of his knees until he was already ascending into a comfortable (He'd deny that he had thought it cozy until the day he died) position resting against John's chest. John smiled cheerily down at him "Sorry about this Sherlock but it's the best way to get you home and fixed up quickly. I don't like the look of that cut on your chest at all." The doctor walked down the winding path with Sherlock firmly ensconced in his arms, his strength and stamina astounding the God. He was reminded of the human tale of Hercules, and wondered if by some freak chance was John in a similar sort of situation, because right now he knew (being the God of knowledge was a double edged blade, he often knew things he didn't want to) that he had to have John, or live the rest of his immortal life in utter despondent loneliness and spite. Though the sun was shining, he shivered, and was more pleased than he could say when John held him closer. His mind had registered that (finally!) his mind had cut the pain of his transport out of his consciousness and stuffed it away to deal with later.
They had stopped saying goodbye a while ago, it had become too permanent a word to say, like they would never see each other again. That was what it had meant the last time either of them had said it, a croaked goodbye and a proclamation of love as they rapidly bled to death next to the rapidly cooling body of a killer. It was a minor miracle that the ambulance arrived in time. No goodbyes after that. John sighed as he stepped into the surgery and greeted the receptionist with a smile. Sherlock would probably be at the scene by now, was Anderson the person designated to be his assistant in John's absence? Sherlock would hate that he mused before sitting behind his desk and rolling up his sleeves. Fifteen patients before lunch. He could do that.
Mrs Hudson laughed merrily at that "It seems like all the memories I had of you Sherlock from when you were younger involve that exact face. Oh, remember when you were trying to get him to learn French from that woman... Whatever her name was, and Sherlock here refused to open his mouth for months and there was nothing anyone could do to convince him and then" she had to hold her sides so uncontrollable was her laughter "when you told her there was no point, that she could leave he gave a string of his deductions about her in French?" Orabelle smiled fondly at the memory. "Oui je rappele ça, le petit coquin a l'apprendu déjà. Tu as effaces la langue je suppose?" ( yes I remember that, the little rascal had learned it already. You've deleted the language I suppose?) John was shocked sufficiently to learn that he still understood what she was saying, apparently those French A levels had stayed with him. Sherlock quirked a brow and the corner of his mouth turned upwards.
Sherlock hummed something that sounded vaguely affirmative, his usually hyperalert eyes sluggish and searching.
“You sure you’re alright to work this case, Sherlock?” Greg asked, looking up from where he is slumped over at his desk in exhaustion and just a little bit of frustration.
Greg woke with the distinctive feeling that he wasn't where he was supposed to be. It was probably one of three things that had woken him up: the sun rising in his eyes, the birdsong, or the uncanny feeling of three rocks and a lot of grass under him. He was outside. In the front garden of Mummy Holmes' house. Wearing half a shirt and his socks.
Sherlock quivers in his arms, overcome already, and John strokes his back gently, simply holding him and waiting for an answer.
"Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you, Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you, But in your dreams whatever they be....
“Thing is, I don’t even know if it’s his birthdate on my mark because I had no reason to make him see it, and now he’s gone. I don’t like not knowing, Paula, I really don’t.”
“An army doctor actually Mummy, he was invalided out in Afghanistan.” Mycroft's voice chimed in brightly and Sherlock locked eyes with him, daring another word to come out of his mouth. Mycroft simply slipped his fork into his mouth, the picture of innocence, as Mummy's enthusiasm grew.
." His eyes widened at the sight before him, and Sherlock, once he had caught his breath, realised the situation quite quickly. He flushed red, frozen to the spot as John stared at him in his nakedness, and while he stuttered bits and pieces of an apology and reached down to retrieve the towel, a hand stopped him. He looked up in askance and this time it was John's turn to flush.
With that John was up and away, rushing out of the line of that penetrating stare. He felt its burn all the way out the door.
"Sherlock Holmes, now that's a name I wouldn't soon forget. What brought you to Florida so Sherlock? A girl?" John inquired quietly as the safety instructions began.
“Getting acquainted with the luxury of a hospital bed again, brother dear? Do they provide complimentary tea and biscuits as well?” Mycroft smirked.
He strode back inside to find John reading notes attached to various bouquets, bug eyed at a particularly pleasant arrangement of roses, he spun to show them to Sherlock. "The Royal family sends their congratulations. Bloody hell. I know you're distant relations but Jesus... Media got wind I take it?" Sherlock nodded and John sighed. "Ah well, too late now for anyone to change that, we might as well open this stuff, maybe give some of these flowers to Mrs Hudson, I'm sure she'd appreciate them."
“Stay with me, Sherlock. Please.”
John rubbed his arm gently and moved away to make tea, a solution for every problem. "Well" he called back from the kitchen "You have time to think about it right? Whatever you want to do Lock I'll do, ignore it if you want, I'll happily go with you if that's what's worrying you" John popped his head back out the door "You know that right?" Sherlock smiled wryly at him. It had been worrying him. Their relationship had only been going on for two months and four days now, and they hadn't really been out in public as a couple yet. Cases didn't count and dates were spent inside the flat or at Angelo's so in reality most people didn't have a clue that they were any closer that they'd been two months ago.
Cheers in the form of “Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!” and a few whistles erupted from the small group and before he could protest, John was nudged forwards by a helpful and impatient hand and he then found himself quite reluctantly pressing his lips to Mary’s. Her lips were soft, he could grant her that, but frankly John did not like getting interrupted and he was intent on keeping this kiss a short one. He broke it off and shooting an apologetic look at a very disappointed Mary, announced to the rest, “I’m sorry, I just, I have to go see someone--” and shoved open the lounge door to an empty corridor.
John curled his hands around Sherlock's hips and smiled aginst his mouth, kissing him softly again and again until he shuddered and lost the tense stance he'd adopted without even realising.
"Ah... sorry about that." He said as John methodically stretched his hand and cracked his knuckles back into position.
Greg had not slept at all, he replayed Sherlock's soft cries over and over in his head. If he hadn't before, he now fully understood John's hatred. It was apparently completely warranted. The bed was warm, stiflingly so, and as it had just turned six am, He figured it was an acceptable hour now to ask Mycroft."Mycroft?" Greg whispered, though they both knew he was awake. "Yes Gregory?" "I overhead Sherlock last night, crying out in his sleep..." Mycroft shifted towards him. "It's rather unnerving is it not? Now you are intrigued as to how on earth that could happen, how anyone could touch the untouchable correct?" Greg shook his head. "It's not that, although it was shock enough when he let John... No it's more the fact that he's so... Childlike in some ways and I don't know how someone could do something so horrible that he..." Mycroft sighed. Clearly it was time to tell Gregory the story. John would get it in his own time from Sherlock himself and that would be important for them both.
John loved him back. The words whirled around in his mind palace, filling his John room to bursting. He understood now why people felt the need to say it to each other.
Almost in unison Greg and John gulped, the prospect of meeting mummy Holmes was much more terrifying than it had seemed earlier. Sherlock noticed John straighten his shoulders just an inch, increasing his height and displaying his posture as they drew up to the door.
case, if you don’t mind, detective inspector?” Sherlock spun back towards the evidence board. “Now what can you tell me about these marks on the victim’s body?”
Prompt 13: Want
9:00am
"I'm going, I'm going, time is of the essence and all that, I just don't see why he would put them in--"
Their lips met and John kissed him with all he was, every second of love he’d held back, with every look of adoration he’d ever hidden, and all the worship he felt for the man that had made life something worth living. It was tender and passionate and the collision of planets, suns exploding, worlds being brought into existence, and then Sherlock was sobbing, a guttural sound wrenched from his depths, and John was with him, tears of relief running down both of their faces. John wrapped Sherlock in his arms, laying out on top of him as Sherlock clutched him close.
Molly had to hand it to her, they were beautiful. White gold for Sherlock, Gold for John, Two medium diamonds stood raised on the top of both rings, and a tiny diamond filled the gap between them. "Wine Mary?" Molly offered as she poured herself a glass. "Oh, no thanks, I'll stick to water myself. Detoxing." Mary replied and opened her mouth to continue when a voice announced Sherlock and John.
Sherlock froze momentarily before plucking a picture of the crime scene from the pile. “This is obviously a crime of passion judging by the state of the victim’s clothing and-”
A/N: When I started this story I didn't really expect it would go this way but what can ya do? The pov can be a bit confusing but hopefully you can kind of tell who's telling what.
"Hey, Are you alright?" a warm voice laced with caution intruded on his ramblings and Sherlock opened his eyes to find his face was in the shade of another's. The worry lines marred what was otherwise a very handsome face, all golden tones and bright blue eyes. "I am fine. How's your shoulder?" The man flew back with a startled gasp that bled into a long and hearty laugh. The man wiped tears of mirth from his eyes and Sherlock lay, still flat on his back in the dirt, staring up at him. Sherlock sighed in relief when he realised where he was, finally. He was getting slow. "Alright, I'll bite. How did you know about my shoulder then?" Sherlock smirked broadly "I deduced it. Just as I deduced that you were in the army, probably a doctor but most likely a surgeon and were just invalided out by the very wound of which I speak, or that your older brother recently came out of a longterm relationship and is an alcoholic." He watched as the man's eyebrows clambered steadily higher up his face with a sense of satisfied resignation to the oncoming insults. "That… is bloody brilliant! How did you know all that!? We've just met, I have no idea who you are, and you just… wow!" He was quite vocally awestruck and Sherlock wondered why that made his heart flutter so in his chest. Determined not to show just how surprised and gratified he truly was, Sherlock launched into explanations of his deductions for the man who had laughed not at him but more… he couldn't express it. "I read your military service in your hair cut and your posture, you clearly have medical knowledge as I could see you performing a visual triage on me right away, and your hands are calloused in the precise way anyone who frequently uses medical equipment's hands are. Your left hand was shaking slightly before I fully regained consciousness so wounded in action then, can't have a surgeon with quivering hands - invalided home. The brother is obvious from your phone, an expensive model that someone supported by only an army pension would never buy, a gift then, "To Harry love Clara" with what I assume are three x's because I can't quite see it all is the engraving on the back, evidently given to your brother by his lover and yet you have it now, this particular model is only six months old so clearly he left her, and recently too, he'd have kept it if it had been the other way around, and gave the phone to you in the hopes you'd keep in touch but you're not happy with him, you've never really gotten on, maybe you liked his wife,more likely you dislike his drinking, which is abundantly clear to see in the scratch marks by the charging dock. Shaky hands. Never see a sober man's phone with them, never see a drunk's without them. Did I get it right?" Sherlock finally stopped for breath and the man just stared at him for a moment.
I can't share you John, I was the youngest child in a ridiculously upper class family, I was never taught to share what belongs to me, and surely you know that you are mine? It goes without saying that I am yours also, for what else could I be when you would kill for me, die for me, over and over again you would do it just to be sure that I was safe. I have been yours since the first moment. I know that to have you with me, or to tell you that I am alive would be the death of you, and here I am selfish again because I will force you to live without me just so I don't have to live without you. I am trying desperately to make it safe for me to come home to you, but Moriarty's web was a tangled one and I must break every strand, crumble each one into dust before I can return.
"What did we just witness?" Mycroft asked his assistant from the passenger seat as she typed a brief message to the prime minister. She couldn't help but grin at the discomfort in his voice. "I believe it was your brother's first kiss sir. Should I beep the horn or would you like a minute to stem your gagging?" They were there for a few minutes more before she was allowed to alert Sherlock to their presence, and the entire drive back to his apartment was a test of her professional ability to hold back laughter at the blatant disgust on Mycroft's face and the pure shock on Sherlock's. Maybe later she'd tell the boss that the man who'd seduced his brother was the same man who'd wrote the book on his bedside locker. Maybe.
“He's in intensive care, in serious condition but stable for now. The knife missed all major internal organs and we have him stitched up, transfusing blood we speak. You should be aware that he's currently comatose. This is probably partially because of the medication he's been given but may have more to do with the prolonged period of time he spent without oxygen. I don't want to alarm you, his prospects as regards to waking up are good.” John explained, and it was bizarre to watch someone go from relieved to cautiously alert in the space of two seconds.
When he looked at her face, the cheeky grin lighting up her blue eyes, he wished he could feel something for her other than friendship, but he couldn't. His second, verbal reaction, was to agree to go. Maybe some festive cheer would remind his rebellious brain that other things were important too, and maybe he'd pull himself together enough to actually enjoy it.
He lay on the ground for another couple of minutes before trying, very slowly, to get up - an endeavour that his pounding head put paid to fairly quickly, leaving the detective slumped and panting against the tower of dairy products. A concussion. Wonderful. With no small effort, Sherlock scooted his way over to John, checking his pulse and breathing a sigh of relief at the steady beat and regular puffs of breath visible in the cold air. Hopefully he would wake sooner rather than later because as of that moment, wrapping himself around his husband's prone form, Sherlock had no idea what he was supposed to do next.
It was John in the end, who endeavoured to open the door to the drawing room. He stood back, allowing the other two men to enter before closing the door with a quiet click behind them. Mycroft was lounging in an armchair facing a large fire place while Mummy Holmes was in a chair by the window, her grey hair sitting in a sleek bun on her head. Mycroft addressed the party first.
Sherlock stretched out from his fetal position on the sofa in his apartment. He steepled his fingers under his chin and thought hard about what he had convinced himself to do next. He had no choice really, dinner had proven that he was compromised, and if he couldn't concentrate properly during a paltry dinner because of John Watson, how would he fare on a case? Going to that hospital today, and this was coming from a drug user who'd almost OD’d a short time ago, had been one of the least intelligent decisions he had ever made. Deleting it, all of it, that was the only way to fix this… feeling in his chest. Mycroft had told him years ago that caring was not an advantage and he had, much to Sherlock's disappointment, been right.
“How we hoped the snow wasn't going to hold you up too much.” Their father finished her sentence with a smile as he stepped forward to pat their shoulders.
"No dummy, we're gonna get him laid!" Greg exclaimed and started planning there and then, and when the girls finally got out of the lake they were long since gone, starting to put the wheels of their plan in motion. They scurried back to the bunks, completely ignoring John when they saw him heading towards the sports equipment shed.
“She seems to think otherwise.”
John had sent Clara off to get some breakfast for herself when his phone buzzed.
Holmes held him in place as he whipped around, shock and desire written blatantly across his features. “John.” He breathed, and John couldn’t stop himself, crowding into him, running his hands across his jaw, staring up at those endless eyes, calling his name in return.
The stupid prat had robbed him of all common sense, because that suddenly seemed like a good excuse, and John sympathized with him. More than that. He wanted, needed, to help him. He couldn't, of course, Switzerland and the brother and disappearing all playing their role, but he wanted to- wanted to somehow prove that this life, fucked as it was, didn't have to be so unbelievably boring that you would resort to killing yourself slowly to get away from it.
All the tropes  (Pin up John, with tattoos, Papa Greg being proper friends with Sherlock, John being all body confident, Lestrade - and everyone else - getting hot and bothered by him...) Also! I'm on Tumblr, and I'd love to hear/see any of you there, my URL is 'imakemyselflol' so if you do come along be sure to drop me a line! Ttyl ~S
Almost imperceptibly, Holmes shivered. “And the other? What is the other reason?”
The heart monitors jumped up and down excitedly until a nurse came in and tutted, telling Sherlock that he was interfering with the patient and would be removed. She plodded over to the IV and injected a sedative into it. John had half laughed half sighed into Sherlock's mouth and then broke away,apologizing to the nurse as he tried to get his pulse under control. Sherlock was trying to hide his smile and failing miserably. John hit him softly on the hand "It's not my fault you're so gorgeous! With your cheekbones and your collar all turned up so you look cool... Honestly! You'd think you were doing it on purpose!" he laughed staring at Sherlock again and reminding himself that he had said he loved him just a few short hours ago. "What?" Sherlock had noticed his stares clearly and John beamed. He didn't think he would stop smiling again for a long time. "You love me" he said, snuggling back into his pillows looking rather pleased with himself. "Yes I do" Sherlock said, stroking John's hair as he fell asleep.
Prompt 18: "What do you want this time?"
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock sweetly as he read the engraving on the platinum cufflinks he'd gotten him, it was the date they had met, and, at least for John, the day he'd fallen head over heels for the man who'd given him everything. "I'm glad you like them" Sherlock said, blinking owlishly up at John and looking so thoroughly kissed that John had to kiss him again. As per the agreement they'd made when they'd first become mates, John had gotten Greg to tickets to see a football match, and Greg had done the same for him, meaning they both got to go to two seeing as their Holmes' were totally uninterested. From Mummy, much to his delight, John had received an obviously handknitted jumper that matched the aubrigine shirt she had chosen for Sherlock. He watched nervously as Sherlock reached for the gift he had bought for him.
John gestured for the man to take the seat on the other side of the desk before he took his own. Shifting a little, he leveled his gaze with the stranger, his hands folded on the desk in front of him.
. Of course he couldn't just outright say anything, John might not even be gay and that would be awkward for them both. He sighed and flopped back onto the bed, fingers picking idly at his guitar. A soft melody began to flow from his fingertips and he quickly picked up a notepad and scribbled down the chords, humming along while thinking up lyrics.
"Well shit, I think John's beat us to it! Come on, let's go verify the deed is done before we abandon our efforts." Greg waggled his eyebrows at Mike and together they made their way discreetly into the forest after their friends, keeping a fair distance between them until they made it to the same spot they had been in that morning and hid behind the same tree. The sound of flute music drifted towards them and through the foliage Irene came into view, playing a pretty melody in the sunlight.
“John.” He choked on it, the relief of Wats- John’s continued affection a soothing balm for the nerves he had torn to shreds all afternoon waiting like a pirate to receive judgment. Last night had meant something, the risk they had both taken, the way he had felt, the way he still feels (his soul is ravenous for this man.) Even to his own ears he sounded wrecked, a far cry from the humour of only moments earlier.
6: Choose date and location etc. - figure out what to say
“Does that make me special?” John gave a little smirk.
Goading them into going after him was also a skill of his. Why he never saw this coming he couldn't understand, especially when he was in situations like this. He never could seem to get a hold of his mouth when it started to get away from him.
Sherlock smirked and tucked his phone away, striding down an alley lightly splattered in blood. No cabs would take him, but they would be the ones to benefit from his work on blood spatter on clothing should they be murdered. He'd spent hours working on the fresh cadavers with various weapons. He did regret not bringing John's gun as that was a distinct hole in his data however he would rectify that at the nearest opportunity. He had missed his blogger while he worked in relative silence, rather as silence as it could be when Molly was chattering aimlessly at him. He was however feeling distinctly better for the excursion, the walls of the flat had been closing in on him slowly as the caseless period lasted longer and longer. He'd give out to Lestrade for it but in all fairness he'd been updating him on all cases that were ongoing, they just weren't worth the time it took to read about them. Plus Lestrade was actually not awful to have around, and had his uses after all he'd been rather useful in retrieving John all those months ago. Sherlock would forever be in his debt for helping save John's life. He hated being indebted to someone but for this, he would make an exception. He liked to feel the fluid waves of his ring when thinking about that night, so many variables could have made it so he never had the chance to ask, to show that he loved him.
"I suppose you're here to make sure I don't get into any trouble. Mycroft neglects to remember that I am a grown man."
“Interesting fellow, that Doctor Watson.”
"I feel like we're going to regret giving them the reins in the near future" John muttered under his breath to Sherlock as they sat down at the table and listened to Mrs Hudson and Mummy Holmes discuss a hundred things at once. They were already squealing shrilly, John could just barely make out words like "flower arrangement" and "venue specialist". He sighed resignedly and Sherlock patted his arm "As long as they're happy we don't have to deal with them." John smirked and fiddled with the silverware that was probably genuine silver and took a deep breath to just calm himself a bit. Their future seemed to be revealing itself at a devastating pace and while it was all wonderful from this side of the timeline the chances of successfully maneuvering themselves to live that way were slim to say the least.
Sherlock watched with interest, he had every intention of attempting to soothe John, but a scientific mind finds stimulation in odd places, and John's panic attack was intriguing on a personal and scientific level. Lestrade was staring at him incredulously, disbelief plastered his face as Sherlock simply watched the events unfold from a distance. Sherlock attempted to warn Lestrade to be wary, he knew touching an army veteran during one of these attacks could be detrimental to your health, mainly your heart's ability to beat. The whispered words of caution were unheeded as Lestrade walked over and placed a hand on John's shoulder. Sherlock sighed at the inherent stupidity of normal people. John's arms already had Lestrade's airways cut off and looked to be on the cusp of breaking his neck when Sherlock stepped in, soothing John with his voice until he managed to pry the hands from around an almost unconscious detective. "Ah. You touched his scar Lestrade." Sherlock said to the coughing Detective.
"Have you not heard? Not two weeks ago a journeyman came to study under old Master Harrison, he's taken the residence on the back of the Staunton's place as far as I know. Keeps to himself, very quiet but a wonderful guest, keeps everything neat and tidy, unlike the horrid man who..." Sherlock lost their voices in the crowd as they moved out of the church and into the street, and with the crowd merely milling about he took that as his chance to escape Mycroft's obligations and begin the investigation afresh. He had told the inspector that there was more to the death than an accidental fall beneath the wheels of a pony and trap. Now he was going to prove it.
Sherlock gaped, eyes locked on his hands as they began to slip buttons from their holes, devouring each newly exposed flicker of skin with all the reverence of a holy man. “You, John, you too.” He huffed as the shirt slipped from his shoulders to the floor, angel feathers.
The faint morning light began to stream in, a pink blush permeating the room. The light allowed Sherlock to study John's face. Every little line made him smile. John looked so peaceful, not like he usually did when he slept. Sherlock had taken to watching his flatmate sleep when he was feeling restless. It was a relief to see him asleep and calm, there was no tossing and screaming. For once however studying his face was not helping Sherlock to think clearly.
Greg‘s sceptical side eye burned a hole in the side of John’s head.
" I agree, next week we'll be with Greg and Mycroft. Time to ourselves is all I want while we're here too."
Certain that everything was as it should be, John closed the door to the lounge and made his way over to Mrs Jameson’s room to check on her.
They had fallen asleep much the same way as they had before, wrapped tightly in each others embrace. Sherlock had not slept for long. There was a lot to consider. What they had been doing up until now had been very much innocent, Sherlock could pick out children on the street who'd done much more but it had also been private. While on the case Sherlock had barely had time to breathe and he had only spoken to John to use him as a sounding board for his deductions. In reality Sherlock was, grudgingly, nervous.
"Wha-" John was mildly confused about why they were here exactly. "As the conventional couple we are, it's socially acceptable for us to go out for a meal together, a date?" It was more of a question than a statement. John smiled one of his crooked smiles that made Sherlock's brain meltdown. Even in that hideous jumper John was dashing. "It is, I'd love to go on a date with you Sherlock" They both blushed a small bit as Sherlock hopped out of the car and held out his hand. "Shall we?"
Ten minutes would be great -JW
By the time they'd arrived, the grounds had been inundated with a gang of brightly coloured people with flowers in hair and feet without shoes, some slowly plucking guitar strings along with melodic singing, with a line of beautiful elfin girls dancing around them, the constant scratch of lead on paper coming from all corners as bodies hunched over sketchbook and note pad, others having impassioned debates about, if John was remembering his secondary school years correctly, the legitimacy of the theory that Antonio and Bassanio were lovers all along.* "Wow." Sherlock grunted in response and grabbed his arm, guiding him away from the grass that he'd somehow managed to reach without even noticing and towards the house.
“Doctor, we've got adrenaline on standby-”
As he leaned against the window, John took a moment to check on Sherlock, seated as he was in the passenger side because "Its no fault of mine that the only place in a car that will accommodate my femurs is the front." He was restless and twitchy, shifting constantly although the car was spacious enough. John shook his head fondly and snaked a call I used hand into silken curls, feeling the momentary tense before Sherlock's body relaxed totally back against his seat, pressing into his hand as if there was nothing more he could want in the world than their skin to be together.
"Come on, You can sleep in my room, I have a few bits to do before bed anyway." Gratefully John rose and Greg led him towards the side door of the inn, bypassing the common room and leading straight to the stairs. He handed John the key to the room and sent him off before bolstering himself to talk with Sherlock. A low buzz from his phone made him pause and reach into his pocket.
John Watson was in love, and it is this depth of feeling that outright terrified him.
Prompt 43: Shoes
Sherlock looked down at the hand that the doctor had been holding. It had felt… right, somehow, to have their hands intertwined, the doctor’s roughened fingers warmly nestled alongside his own. Beyond that, though, Sherlock couldn’t seem to ascertain if he felt anything else for the other man.
Admittedly he had been contemplating dashing off. The doors locked when they were closed. She knew him too well. John's mouth had found his neck and in seconds he had forgotten where they were going. Continuing apparently meant a had enough sense to move their suits out of the firing line anyway. "Thank God for sound proofing" John murmured into Sherlock's ear, grinning widely as he wriggled back into his suit, straining around the seatbelt he had managed to wear the entire time. He really was fascinating. Not only with the surprising flexibility but he had in fact noticed the opulence of the vehicle. Always a surprise. "Well if you could stay quiet that would be entirely unnecessary" John feigned an offended expression "I recall hearing the name John being shouted a few times? And you call me loud" Sherlock rolled his eyes and tied his scarf around his neck. "It's exactly 37.5 minutes until we arrive."
John was very pleased at the moment that Sherlock didn't pay attention to his comings and jewelers appointment had gone very well, Sherlock had actually planned to go to the morgue anyway and John has been there and back before Sherlock had even thought about going home. It had been pretty quick, mainly because he knew precisely what he wanted. Well mostly, the ring had been a difficult enough decision but the other thing, that had been easy. The women who ran the shop had been very accommodating, flirting heavily with him though he was obviously not available and they even knew that Sherlock was a man, still didn't stop them from trying. He was going back to pick up his special order. The younger of the two seemed to understand him a whole lot better than most people, especially the not gay thing. He'd expected that people would just assume that he was gay, and he didn't have any issue with that, but she seemed to just know that men, aside from one tall, dark, handsome genius did nothing for him. It was a nice change to have someone see it the way it was. She was who he was going to meet with that afternoon. "Molly?... Melissa?... Margaret?... Mary? Mary. That's it, Mary Morstan." he muttered to himself as he walked briskly to the shop. It would have been very embarrassing not to know her name, but in truth he was having trouble remembering the names of ordinary people these days, they all just seemed to blur together. "Aaand now I'm becoming Sherlock because that's all we need. Two Sherlock's." he chuckled at the thought. One was quite enough. He caught Mary's eye as he walked past the window and she waved him in, grinning. "Hello again John" she smiled as he entered. "Hello Mary" John laughed as she lead him to her consultation desk at the back of the shop. She sat him down and disappeared behind the counter, returning with two boxes. "Here we go then, which one do you want to see first?"
“John would gladly have me out of his hair.” It took a split second for Sherlock to realise what he had just said.
The sight that greeted him was one that wasn’t unfamiliar, but it had variations that gave him pause.
"You're not wrong there mate, you're not wrong there." And as they finally made it onto the plane where Sherlock and Mycroft were awaiting them, John knew this week was going to be unforgettable.
Harry was seated on the end of the bed, waiting for them. She motioned to the chairs beside her in silence, and the air became thick with tension. Suddenly John was anxious. His gut was saying this was not a good thing. "John here's my chart. Read it carefully and then I'm going to tell you something ok? But you both have to promise me right now that you'll understand where I'm coming from ok?" Harry pleaded with them both and if it hadn't before now John's stomach was on the floor and his heart in his mouth. His hands were steady when he picked up the chart. "Oh
