fixing it right now. He shakes his head and rubs John's knees, enjoying the warmth of his skin seeping through the fabric of his jeans.
you---" She breaks off as new tears constrict her voice, and it hurts his heart to see her like this. "I love you," she adds after a brief pause. "I always will… No--- no matter what."
Sherlock’s first impulse is to hide behind the curtain, but that would be ridiculous. John’s eyes have found the window already; there would be no point.
She's come to a halt and is watching him, but when she notices him looking, she nods and then turns to walk away.
A drop of wetness hits his hand then, and he looks down to find that there are tears trickling out from under his friend's tightly shut lids.
things to himself, especially when they involve bodily functions or, well, him relieving himself of baser urges of a certain kind) and tells him to wake up/put something on/get his gun/not forget to flush and join him on a chase through the maze of this wonderful city that, like Sherlock, never sleeps.
My own brain laughs at me at that. He doesn’t have to know how close you came to doing exactly that tonight, right, John?
While he waited, Sherlock worked. It wasn't good without John, but it was something to take his mind off missing him. His brain, alert and fully functional again after months of swinging back and forth between near-delirium and overdrive, enjoyed being used and tested, and his health took yet another turn for the better. He gained some weight. His wounds healed. He slept at least every other day.
"Are you still scared of me, Sherlock?" he asks him, his heart breaking at the realisation that maybe Sherlock
“Yes,” I whisper soothingly. “I’ll stay. You can fall asleep now, love… I’ll watch over you. I’ll hold you all through the night.”
John sighs, gives him a kiss on the side of his jaw, and orders his muscles to cooperate. When he finally pulls away, the mess of sweat and semen sticking their fronts together makes a comical squelching sound, breaking the spell of quiet, serene bliss that’s been lingering in the air. They laugh.
His shirt comes off first. He's naked underneath, all smooth, golden skin and firm muscles. His sun-shaped scar is clearly visible against his otherwise unblemished torso. His stomach is flat, his arms defined, his whole physique still showing that he used to rely on his body being fit and ready to fight at a moment's notice in the past. There's a trail of wispy curls starting at his navel and vanishing into the waistband of his faded jeans. He's glowing in the dim light, all his angles accentuated, inviting me to touch, to taste, to explore.
I gasp out a low, high-pitched moan that I am slightly ashamed of, and he clutches my arse and pulls me in close and then swallows me down until I feel myself hit the back of his throat.
Mrs Hudson often comes over on Saturdays to have a cup of tea with me, and I ask Sherlock over breakfast whether he’s ready to reveal himself to her.
It’s plain to see that something is bothering him, but as worried as John is, he doesn’t press it. He’s sure Sherlock wouldn’t want to discuss it in front of Rosie, anyway. Still, he can’t help but wonder: is it something he’d said? He seemed to have gone cold and distant at the mention of Rosie’s school event. Could it have something to do with that? And if so, why would that make him act in such a way?
He can tell John isn't having it. They discussed this only a few hours ago. To Sherlock, it feels like years and mere seconds all at the same time.
“Sshhh…” Sherlock says and kisses the top of his head. “No. No, John. You didn’t know, and you were very upset. I should never have assumed you’d just stop living until I came back. I behaved in a horribly self-absorbed way and I put you through too much. I deserved it. I don’t hold it against you.”
John rubs his thumbs into the creases of Sherlock's thighs, increasing the pressure until he feels his lover's body start to writhe with impatience, and then he uses one hand to gently grab and knead his testicles and the other one to give his half-hard penis a slow, deft stroke from base to tip and back again.
Not a single pill to keep him awake, or a single line of cocaine to help him work. Not a single injection to make him forget.
He's doing therapy again, and so far it has helped him to control his temper and come to terms with the fact that the unnaturally fierce rage he sometimes experiences when it comes to arguing with Sherlock Holmes has nothing at all to do with the man being a self-centred, pretentious prick. It's more about John hesitating to accept the uncomfortable truth that the life he'd been leading up to the day when he finally moved back to Baker Street had been one huge, terrible lie – and projecting the blame for all of it onto Sherlock. Because God, he
"Help me," Sherlock tells him and turns around to grab one side of the heavy, wooden frame of the painting, apparently intending to take it off the wall. "You take the other side."
He huffs, seeing right through me, and I look up and at his face again. He is wearing an almost playful smile.
Sherlock gazes at him intently, then reaches out and pushes his mug towards him, inviting him to take a sip. He doesn't say anything. John drinks, blinking at him over the rim of the mug in what he hopes will come across as a grateful manner. When he continues to speak, he sounds more like himself again.
"I'm not hungry," Sherlock replies lowly, and John watches the muscles of his jaw work and knows that the other man is fighting to stop himself from grinding his teeth in agony.
"What would you like to eat? Pick anything! Anything on the menu, on the house. For you… and your date!" he says exuberantly and winks at John, who chuckles and fidgets with his napkin, wondering where you can still get gold teeth nowadays.
. I've never been with another man, and he's the only one who's ever made me feel like that. It confuses me more than I can say, but up to two seconds ago I'd always assumed that he wasn't interested in any kind of romantic or sexual entanglement with anybody anyway. He’s married to his work, he always says.
He's staring down at John, his lips slightly parted, and John feels himself fall into the two orbs of brilliant, blinding light-blue directing their gaze at him, and his heart skips a beat and then begins to thump so loudly that he's amazed Sherlock doesn't have to raise his voice to drown it out when he finally speaks.
Somebody turns the slumped form around to reveal the face John's been dreading to see, and everything inside him turns cold. His teeth start to chatter. He feels a wave of nausea wash over him.
"Sor---" he starts, but John doesn't let him finish; he just pulls his hand away and bends down to kiss him deeply, his hips rocking into him, immediately finding a rhythm of quick, shallow thrusts that hit the spot nearly every time.
“I don’t--- know what I like yet,” he answers through clenched teeth while John moves to the other side of his neck to nip at the tender skin behind his ear. “It’s an---
to happen then – maybe Sherlock being surprised or amused or appalled, maybe himself dying of shame, or maybe the floor opening up and swallowing him whole, chair and identity crisis and all.
She pats my hand, and despite the pang the memory of that moment gives me, I have to smile a bit. “My” Sherlock.
He's rambling, and that's what brings Sherlock back to reality with a pang. His hands and feet still tingling, he opens his eyes and looks at John. He spoilt it all yesterday when he started to ramble, and he's determined not to make the same mistake again.
, and that he's finally found the place where he belongs, but he can't let this go any further without talking to the other man about his mistakes, without explaining that by now he's come to see how wrong he was, without making an attempt at an apology, however weak that might turn out to be. Sherlock said they'd talk. Yesterday, when John held him in his arms, when Sherlock kissed him like he never wanted to stop, he promised him they'd talk, and John can't wait to do it, to get it all out there, and to beg for absolution.
“Ever the romantic,” I whisper, and he hums in amusement and catches my bottom lip in a teasing bite.
hard, keeps slipping against his front, and he can feel it pulse and throb against his skin. They share the same breath, keeping their faces pressed against each other even when they separate to catch some air, which happens from time to time, but never lasts very long—eventually they end up kissing again, drinking in each other’s moans, their lips swollen and raw, and it never seems to be enough. The sheer intimacy of the act is beautiful, and John thinks that if he was a tiny bit younger, he could probably do this all night long.
They carried him to the couch and laid him down, and John held up his legs, and he came back around again almost immediately.
"Fuck," he says, looking at Sherlock with a hint of amazement in his eyes. "I can't believe that just happened."
Moriarty hasn't replied yet, and Sherlock has been slowly starting to panic, pacing up and down the aisles of the lab, his hands clasped in front of his mouth. I know he keeps thinking about the plan, and about what will happen if Moriarty doesn't take the bait. Everything depends on this building being the stage for our play to unfold - if the setting changed, there would be no way out.
“I’ll go and get dressed,” I say and smirk at him. “We wouldn’t want to prolong the healing process by doing something rash now.”
There’s a small pause, in which I sense him weighing the pros and cons of letting me in on the details.
Sherlock's lids are open, and he's looking right through him out of his incredible icy-blue eyes. All their expression, their fire, has gone. The blood from his head wound is trickling down his face, stinging John's nose with its metallic tang, and his arm is sticking out at a weird angle. He's so pale.
He pulls the duvet over from where it's bunching up behind John's back and covers the two of them with it.
John washing the dishes, Sherlock drying them. Sharing tomato-flavoured kisses while leaning against the sink.
"I was asking you about the ink stains on the murderer's sleeve. But if you're preoccupied, we can always postpone this."
The translucent hue of pink rises from his cheeks and spreads up to tinge his ears and even his nose, and John’s heart
I feel guilty – for going behind Sherlock’s back, but also for getting Mary’s hopes up in vain. I can’t understand how I could let it get that far in the first place. I have no idea what I hoped to achieve by going out with her. I wouldn’t have cheated on him. Well. I don’t
John sighs and rubs his hands across his eyes, telling himself to get it together. He feels like an extra in a play he doesn't know the script for, but he's determined to catch up.
"John?" Mary calls, and he turns around to see her waving at him. "Are you coming back inside, darling?"
“I researched you," he improvises. "Before we met I discovered everything that I could to impress you. It’s a trick. Just a magic trick.”
He's gulping for air by now, and we're both sweating so much that the sheets are clinging to our bodies. He must be exhausted, but he just keeps going, and then, finally, I feel it build up inside my loins.
“You did so well today, Sherlock,” John says. “You really did. I’m proud of you. I know this was hard for you—on so many levels. But the kids were hanging onto your every word, and Rosie’s over the moon with joy.”
It’s not only the absence of physical contact that’s slowly wearing me out. It’s also the fact that I can’t talk to him whenever I feel like it, that he’s not there when I need to vent my anger at annoying patients, or when I need comforting because there are people I just can’t save.
I lean down to lay another long, soft kiss on your lips. I wish you’d respond, only one last time. I wish I’d taken my time to kiss and hug you properly this morning. I wish the last time I had you inside me hadn’t been a week ago. I wish I’d told you how much you mean to me before you left the flat to investigate, like you’d done a thousand times before. I wish I’d known you’d never come back.
He's fifty-seven. Despite never really abandoning his more or less erratic eating pattern, he's put on a bit of weight, has acquired a small belly and all in all gone softer around the edges, and when he glances down at his groin, he can see that he's not only going grey on his head.
along the seam of his fly, pressing down on the outline of his erection, which is straining against the tight fabric of his black Armani trousers.
I enjoy working with him on his blog, even though I'd never let it show. He's so endearing when he sits there, typing away on his laptop, concentrating, coming up with silly titles. Asking me about the cases, the suspects, the clues. I love watching him when he's writing.
“Off,” Sherlock breathes and lifts the hem of John’s jumper to pull it over his head, and they have to stop devouring each other’s mouths for a second, but then Sherlock returns to nip, kiss and suck, using his lips and tongue to take John’s breath away even more vigorously than before.
I leave the kitchen and listen to her scream at Sherlock for approximately five minutes, during which he doesn’t even try to interrupt her. He has apparently decided to just take it and hope for the best.
What good would it do if he knew? Would I feel better afterwards? Would he understand? Or would he leave me?
Sherlock, however, seems to have other plans. He cranes his head to kiss John’s ear. “I want you,” he whispers, taking John’s earlobe into his mouth and sucking at it for a second. “Inside.”
And that morning, John and Sherlock stand in front of all of them and talk about a few of their cases. Later, John doesn’t quite recall which cases they decided upon—could have been the Edinburgh one, gruesome details and all. What he remembers is the look of utter fascination and curiosity the children give him, and how peaceful and content Sherlock is as he talks about what he loves.
John reaches for his wrist and almost pulls his hand back in shock when his fingertips touch his friend's skin. It's warm, and so very soft. There's no pulse.
John, insane with want, sucks at his jugular, and then gently nibbles at the skin trapped between his teeth.
My eyes roll back in my head and I bite my lip to keep myself from screaming. He grumbles, and it sounds pleased and proud, and I laugh at the ceiling, ending in a low sob when he pulls back slightly to catch his breath.
Sherlock huffs a breath of laughter. “Doubtful. Family history of sleep apnoea. By that time, I’m sure you’ll be sleeping in your own bedroom.”
Sherlock's lips are soft and hot, and John has never kissed so sweetly before. He forgets his surroundings and that he's cold and starving and gets on his toes and tilts his head to lick into the taller man's mouth, and Sherlock's tongue is deliciously shy when he reciprocates, sighing into the space between their faces, breathing John's air.
, he hopes) John is still pliant and open for him, ready for more, and when he slips two fingers into him again, the shudder and moan he gets in response tell him that he doesn't need to wait any longer.
days, that something he's only ever achieved on his own might happen with John around to witness it, just like he's always wanted to – if it really is that particular day, he doesn't want to spoil it just because he's too impatient to wait.
He makes his way up the stairs silently, trying to keep his steps soft and light – he can't talk right now, not to Mrs Hudson, anyway. He needs to concentrate. He needs to let it all flow over him,
Sherlock leans in and kisses the top of her head, speaking into the soft blonde curls. “Excellent deduction skills, Watson,” he says.
When Sherlock utters something that can only be described as a sleepy purr of contentment and puts his head back on his shoulder to close his eyes and doze, John grins at the ceiling.
his own arm then, his teeth pulling at his own skin in mindless abandon, and my world narrows down to this – the two of us, joined so deeply, the feeling that’s spreading from my cock into the rest of my body, stronger than anything I’ve ever felt before, and the knowledge that this beautiful, wanton creature now writhing in pleasure in front of me is mine, all mine, forever. I can’t breathe. I love him so much.
Sherlock has already left. John doesn't know when – or why, for that matter. He's disappointed, and lonely, and he misses his friend. His best friend. He's tempted to leave, too, and go to Baker Street and ask Sherlock what's wrong and why the hell he went and fled from the scene after giving a speech that was basically a vow of unconditional, undying… love.
John snaps the lid open, pours some of the cool liquid into his cupped hand to warm it, aware of Sherlock’s eyes following his every movement. After putting the bottle aside, he reaches down to envelop both their cocks at the same time, spreading the slickness with slow, deliberate strokes.
John pushes in deep, presses his fingers against Sherlock's prostate and just holds them there, and speeds up the rhythm in which he moves his hips, faster,
"I’ll get cleaned up," he therefore says, and before John can reply, he gets up and flees to the bathroom, locking the door behind himself.
sober, okay? I admit I don’t know what happened tonight or--- or what’ll happen tomorrow, but it didn’t happen because I was drunk and horny. Okay?”
"Well…" he says. Somehow it's indeed liberating to finally talk to someone about it all. "I've tried my best to avoid labelling myself – it would have made it all too real."
Sherlock is so fast asleep now, tired out by the events of yesterday, and John smiles and suppresses the urge to touch his pillow-tousled hair. He doesn’t want to wake him. Most days, he's up even before John is, which says a lot, since Rosie usually wakes her father up shortly after sunrise, and after half an hour of cuddling in John's bed demands to be fed and changed and entertained. When John carries her downstairs, Sherlock often sits there in his chair, clad in his pyjamas and a dressing gown, and reads, or works on a case, or simply stares into space.
He pulls Sherlock with him, walking backwards until his legs bump against the wooden frame of his bed. Sherlock's heart is hammering as if this was the very first time they'd been together like this.
Sherlock wets his lips with the tip of his tongue and looks down for a moment to watch his finger slip into John’s body, but then meets John’s eyes again.
Sherlock's cock bumps against his chin as he does so, and he can feel that the fabric covering it is already damp where it is stretching around his tip.
"She could have changed her name," John ventures. "If I was called Emmeline Marlowe-Mottershead, I'd
"Hey," John rasps and stretches languidly. He's still a little out of breath, and his heart is still beating fast. Aftershocks of pleasure ripple through him now and again, and his fingers and toes are tingling. "
This is so intense, much more so than it has been in a long while, and he can't believe that he's so far gone already, so
Sherlock snorts softly. “I was contemplating downing both glasses myself. But I suppose I could make an exception for you.”
Sherlock breathes an open-mouthed sigh against his Adam’s apple and does it again, harder this time, and then again, and again. John stops thinking. From far away, he hears himself moan in time with Sherlock's slow, but forceful rhythm, and also, a little more clearly, his friend's voice, his beautiful deep groans of effort and lust. He’s alight with pleasure, more than he's ever been before.
hair. Despite the fact that my desire to touch him has only been growing more prominent each day - ever since he came back to me after both our lives were turned around by what happened to his wife and my sister and, in the long run, the two of us -, I know I'd never do something about it. He's made it quite clear that he's not interested in
John rises and sits down where Sherlock has indicated, and Sherlock follows before lowering himself onto his knees on the bedside carpet. He takes John’s foot into his lap; he doesn’t waste any more time getting John naked all the way. Soon, his pants and socks have joined the assortment of scattered pieces of clothing on the floor. “
. It feels better than anything else ever has, and he'll do his best to keep it for as long as possible.
suck, apparently putting his whole self into it, and John wonders how he can muster up such phenomenal precision and still be so passionate and sensual about it. He must have practised a lot.
She presses her lips together and furrows her brow, but doesn’t say anything else. I close the distance between me and them and carefully put my hand on her shoulder.
She still doesn’t answer, but just leans her temple against Sherlock’s chest and closes her eyes. He gazes at me over the top of her head.
. This is Sherlock. John has never felt this way before, for anybody, and the fact that he's hurt the other man so much in the past only adds to the feeling that being allowed to make love to him is something huge, something monumental, and something that's not to be taken for granted.
I glance over his shoulder to where Mycroft is standing, still half-hidden behind the doorframe. He’s obviously not eager to witness this reunion – or he just wants to give us some privacy.
John’s heart melts, the surge of affection filling him at Sherlock’s words building a strange contrast to the fire of want burning inside his veins.
Tears are pushing their way up inside Sherlock's throat, and he fights them down, a silent sob making his shoulders vibrate.
Sherlock’s features twist into an expression he’s never seen before, pained and touched and so, so vulnerable, and it makes his heart ache to watch it. His hate dissolves and love fills his chest, absolute and unconditional love for the man standing before him, and he can only guess what he had to go through in the time he was away, but he knows he did it for him.
“Are you making an honest man of me?” I joke and shake my arm to make the handcuffs tinkle. “We could have picked out the rings
. I listen to his moans and thrust my cock against his while I go deeper, crooking my finger in the hope of finding his prostate, but from this angle it seems to be difficult.
A frustrated sigh escaped John’s lips as he set down his utensils to rub his temples. “You, out here in the middle of the night, screaming about bees or something while you made a mess in here, then screwed off back to bed and left me to clean it up. That is what happened, Sherlock.”
Even with the crashing waves that obstructed his view, he believed he could see the faintest sight of ebony curls that peaked over the rock every so often.
This chapter ended up becoming too long to hit, and it made more sense cut it in half as the next section doesn't have much to do with this chapter, but do not worry, I will post the next chapter within a few days and then go back to my normal posting schedule
Sherlock perked up at the sound of his friend calling to him, and swam just that little bit faster to meet him at an entrance to the cave with the giddiest smile he had ever seen on him.
He watched in astonishment as toes were slowly revealed that led to ankles, shins, knees, and thighs all in perfect condition. He dared not to look any further while Mycroft was still breathing down his neck.
The usually morose expression on the older merman’s face was now covered with an attempt at what Mycroft most likely thought was understanding, but seemed more patronizing than anything.
By 12 pm, he had finished his book and began to feel dry, so he went for a little swim nearby the dock. He watched as fish swam beside him in their little schools amongst the lively coloured corals. Sherlock sat up on his rock to see the many children that ran through the waves while mothers tutted at their antics and went to promenade with their other socialite friends. He never cared for how they hardly just let their children be kids in this society before they were obligated to fulfill a role in it at the age of 18, that could explain all of the absurd antics of adults he had seen.
“I wouldn’t know, those stories are whimsical and wildly aureate that caters to the idea that love is like a fairy tale. Are you certain with this decision? You realise that once you agree to it, nothing will be the same, you will have to sacrifice a great deal.”
He had to take a breath as he reached the top of the stairs, his limbs were stretched to levels that shouldn’t be possible to the common person just to avoid a series of creaks that seemed like he would fall through the steps if he placed a foot onto them. He soon turned his attention to John’s bedroom door and made his way over to the piece of peeling wood.
The room went quiet after that, with either of them wielding the courage to look back at one another for a good long while.
Mycroft let out a long sigh as he ran his fingers over his eyes, trifling with children was something he thought was long behind him. “Yes, I was assigned to take you back to England as a prisoner. Are you satisfied with your answer?”
“I… I felt like I could.. I thought I could without you and I just… I don’t know what happened… Ugh, I sound so stupid.”
“Hello Mycroft. I’m going to skip the pleasantries since I have a limit and they shouldn’t be wasted on you. Why are you on my ship?”
I hope none of you mind that I add one of my own ideas into this request story, but I had some time between the lulls in submissions and felt I needed to give my audience something after a week or so without a story.
John didn’t realise how long they had held that tender embrace until he needed to pull away for air. Small gasps for breath escaped him while the young merman gazed at him with a look that John had not received in a very long time, yet he very much enjoyed it.
The gaze Lestrade received back to his comment made him regret ever mentioning the place in front of the doctor.
The night sky was in its rarity tonight. It could possibly be the only time any of them had ever actually seen a vast array of stars in central London, but that didn’t seem important at the moment while they ran through a rain-soaked alley and chased a criminal wanted for three counts of murder.
He decided that he wouldn’t sleep that night, as a continued tingle ran from his head to the tips of his fins, that seemed to be at its most prominent at his lips.
They were so close to the boarding ramp that was placed on the pier, their vision seemingly dead set on making it there that they never heard the commotion behind them. The sound of men being pushed aside and struggling until they heard the sound of Mycroft yelling after them; the sound was desperate and anxious as it always was whenever he found the courage to raise his voice.
He let out a shallow breath as he felt the zipper of his trousers undone and he was motioned for him to lift his hips to pull them down. Sherlock instead took the opportunity to pull down his trousers and pants until the cold morning air hit the hot skin of his genitals.
His free hand moved to run over the merman’s exposed back, possibly out of instinct to keep him close, and kept his eyes on the rock. They never left the stone or the person that peeked over it to watch as they laid together on the small, isolated dock in each other’s arms.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck- Sherlock I’m almost” He covered his mouth as he felt his release rushed through him. The overwhelming rush of relief sent shivers through his body that he hardly noticed that Sherlock swallowed his release down without any issue before he slowly pulled off him.
Sherlock watched with batted breath as the guard broke through the men holding him back and he charged forward, the movement slowed in his head as he waited for the right moment to move.
Mycroft moved as close as he possibly could to him, a little too close in John’s opinion as his venomous voice rang inside his ears.
Mycroft finally relented and let his pass. Sherlock could not swim fast enough as he glanced over his shoulder every so often to make sure he was not still there.
He stood up from his bed and took the two steps to reach the plate. He quietly ran his eyes over the plate without much interest before he picked up the glass of water and drank half of it.
Sherlock could hardly sit still as he began to scramble around him before he began to shove Victor out with less care than he usually gave him.
“Fuc… I told you, you are doing crazy things in your sleep… just- no, Sherlock don’t touch it, it’s bleeding…”
“Yeah, and then I left for a week to go visit my sister in rehab and Lestrade calls me and tells me that you showed up to a crime scene delirious and obviously high as a kite. You can’t fool him Sherlock, he’s seen you at your lowest more than anyone else.”
He didn’t know what he thought in that moment, but it was better than what was his fate would be if he did nothing; He looked him straight in the eyes, and saw nothing but emptiness returned in that gaze. He then got ahold of the man’s shirt and tipped them over the edge.
Lestrade soon raised his head from the ground to look at him, seeing the seething anger in his eyes at the implications he was placing against his first mate. The man that he thought he could trust more than anything.
John took a chancing glance towards Sherlock’s lower half and watched with nervous anticipation as he saw the slight twitches beneath the blanket. It easily could still be his tail, inflamed and aching with the slightest touch, but he took the risk and began to pull the blanket away.
They remained in each other’s arms for a little, or what they could both manage, until Sherlock’s breathing calmed.
He wanted to check on him after all the strange actions over the last few days, but he didn’t want to disturb him if he was sleeping after a long shift at the clinic. He slipped off his shoes and ignored the cold touch of the wood floor against his thin socks as he began the treacherous journey of avoiding each and every creak on the staircase.
Lestrade made quick use of the telescope before he gave Sherlock a silent nod and made his way down the crew’s cabin.
Relief was hardly the word for it as he straightened himself up and stretched until he felt himself freeze in place. In every ordinary way a man walked, they lifted up their cane alternatively, while John leaned very heavily on it. This, coupled with the significant weight difference between John and whoever this was… He felt the cold grip of a hand against his shoulder before he had the chance to get away.
“John, it’s fine.” He laid a gentle hand on top of the one John had rested on his face, a still slightly shaking finger ran over the man’s faintly bruised knuckles from the last time this happened and kept his hand close to him as John continued to lightly move the pack every once in awhile to keep the distribution even.
“…I suppose not, yet I do appreciate the gesture.” He reached for the cloth in the man’s hand and slipped it to sit it on the nightstand, pressing a tender kiss to his palm before he pulled Holmes under the covers with him. Their hold on each other being a more sufficient supply of warmth than the blanket was able to give.
He quickly slid his computer off his lap and attempted to get out of his tangle of blankets before he fell off the couch and had to kick them away. He finally righted himself and set off to the task of dragging Sherlock off their computer table before the legs gave away underneath him, which was not an easy task despite how light he knew the man was.
He wouldn’t stand for this; he couldn’t stand for this. He took a few steps back, let out a shallow breath and jumped.
John gave him a small smile as he patted his shoulder and stood up. He calmly carried away the cotton pads to throw them out and picked up the phone to order for their favorite restaurant. He hardly noticed when Sherlock ran his fingers over the small cut that graced his face and seemed to let out a relieved sigh.
He almost didn’t pick up the light footsteps that made their way from Sherlock’s room, past the bathroom, and into the kitchen. His attention was only drawn away from his computer screen when the kitchen light turned on and he saw Sherlock stood in the middle of the room, facing the cooktop.
A meek voice spoke up from the crowd of men, John turned to see a young man with shaggy brown hair that was far too lithe for the clothes he was wearing. “Lestrade, we were all there when Captain Holmes gave us the order that you were captain. He doesn’t often change his mind, and why would he give it to someone he barely knows?”
“John, be realistic. There’s a very high chance that whatever this is, is permanent and I won’t be able to walk anymore..”
The pain grew significantly worse after that, it felt as though fire had crawled through every muscle within his lower half. Muscles he hardly knew of constricted, the joints of his tail fused, and the fins of his tails seemed to tremble in the air as Sherlock’s nails found themselves clawed into the sleeve of John’s coat while he was hardly able to hold back a cry of pain.
He descended the stairs as fast as he could and made his way into the alley where they fell. His phone already out of his pocket, he dialed Lestrade’s number just as he turned the corner and saw Sherlock crumpled to the ground.
“Uh, hey Sherlock. What are you doing up? I thought we agreed that you would start trying to get a normal sleep schedule.”
“So, why have you brought me here? You seem like a man of remarkable social standing; I can’t possibly understand what you could want with me.”
A shudder ran through his spine as he allowed once again for his hand to move beneath his covers, the searing touch of skin against skin forced him to hold back a whine that would have undoubtedly alerted his fellow residents had he not covered his mouth.
I've been thinking about that idea, but I unfortunately can't write Johnlocks hehe. -Guess_This_Guest
For a mere second, the normally smug expression melted away into something almost resembling empathy. The look shook Sherlock to his very core and he wished he could hide away from the look for the rest of his life.
A gentle hand was placed on his arm that he barely discerned as Lestrade’s that began to pull him back to the boat. His eyes moved swiftly from John locked in the same spot and the man struggling against Mycroft’s men to get past. He could not be serious; John could not possibly think he was just going to leave him here after everything.
He continued to slowly slink his way down the stairs, wary of footsteps seeming to come from every direction of this place and caused him to hide in a small alcove for a good part of half an hour before he could be certain no one was coming down the passageway.
The lack of oxygen began to burn his lungs and he swallowed the last bit of oxygen he held in his cheeks with some difficulty, that was until Sherlock stopped in front of him and held his lips against the other’s. He didn’t understand it, he most likely never would, yet when he was held against his lips a certain amount of calm began to bleed into him and the need for oxygen suddenly became irrelevant as Sherlock pulled him along through the water.
It was rather difficult for John not to take in the way Sherlock had formed himself. The slender and long features from his tail had carried over to his build, where slight curves met with lean muscles to overall give the impression that he was around the age of twenty-five… From a doctor’s estimate of course. Whether or not that was true, didn’t seem like a proper question at the moment.
“Oh, good lord, this book… I’ve never seen an actual copy of it besides in my professor’s classes. Hardly any copies of this are printed anymore.”
“Hm, very resourceful of you brother mine. I’m sure your men appreciate having proper medical care, though I have to have my doubts that was the only reason you took him aboard your ship. Especially considering your past hist-“
He turned back to the ship as he hadn’t expected them to arrive so soon, and was met with the frigid gaze of Mycroft. His figure seeming to loom over him even across the small gap between their two vessels as a sinister grin spread across the older man’s face.
Sherlock felt he understood too well what he meant, that the bruising of his fingerprints was a better replacement than the rough embrace of a rope chord. The sad attempt at seducing was noted, and not enjoyed.
“Mm, I would not be so sure about that doctor. If you describe such a part of the body as the eyes in the way you have, it is not difficult to make the assumption that love is quite possible. Even if it has only been a few days, it is not unfathomable to see marriage as your next course of action.”
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes, and sit down in an empty chair. His posture soon slumping into its normal position. “Then tell me why you came here.”
“That is wonderful news, I am certainly glad to hear it. Now… I must ask an unprompted question but, how on earth did you figure it out?”
The smallest sound of a whimper from Sherlock had John gripping him tighter within his arms, watching as the man that leaned into his touch attempted to curl in on himself and get away from whatever he was feeling. “Sherlock?”
I’d like this to be the start of a new phase in their relationship. Happy ending please. -ShakespearelovedLadyMacbeth
Mycroft moved to sit beside him once again and withdrew a cigarette case from his coat pocket, the swift removal of one with a quick tap against the silver coated case and it was lit within a moment as he glanced back down to his aching sibling. “Convince me.”
“You know Captain Holmes; he can tell you a man’s life in half a minute within meeting them. Yet, he can also be completely unpredictable in the sense that, he did indeed change his mind. He’s seen Doctor Watson’s abilities and has found them incomparable to any other in line for this role, And I…”
“Sherlock, I get it. You don’t believe in this and that’s fine, I just pray sometimes when I’m worried about someone.”
Lestrade let out a soft sigh as he set the items on Sherlock’s desk, he made his way to the bed and gently tapped Sherlock on the shoulder.
I am most skilled with the ship of Sherlock and John, but I am not opposed to trying other ships in the show
John slowly shook his head and wiped away what he tried to pass off as a raindrop on his cheek. “I don’t want to get in the way. I may be a doctor but this is a medical emergency and I’m going to risk Sherlock getting hurt because of me.”
“Yet, there is something that you have wanted for a very long time, it was the reason you came to this beach in the first place, isn’t it?”
His iron grip locked onto Mycroft’s wrist before he even had the chance to attempt the complex process of undoing his collar to lower his shirt.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Maybe it was just some dream you had. The mind does do mysterious things when it enters the REM stage of sleep.”
“I miss you too, John… God, I miss you so much..” Hot tears began to make their way down his face as he attempted to keep looking at John.
“I should have warned you that running would not be a good idea, but I was under the assumption you already knew that.”
He let himself lean over just slightly, and fully expected the man to be exposed there as well, but what he found was nothing like he could have imagined.
They both shared a soft chuckle as John finished up with wrapping his hand, Holmes soon stood up to grab his jacket as he looked out the window to see the sun now rising. “I suppose I should go, this isn’t exactly how I wanted to professionally meet you, but it certainly hasn’t been a waste.”
This fervent want grew inside of him like a vine of ivy, it enveloped every muscle, fiber, and nerve it could reach with a purpose as his body lost control and began in effort to drive forward into the grip of his hand. He was desperate, ravenous, even gluttonous for his release, he needed it more than air, more than life itself-
They both let out a small chuckle as they soon hesitantly parted again. Sherlock finished gathering his things and took a fleeting glance back to Victor, a slight sigh escaped him at how easily Victor thought he could hide some things from him.
Sherlock was quiet for a little while; his small pile of fruit was abandoned while his attention was turned to focus on his tail that just slightly drifted in the water.
He heard a gentle sigh and the door slowly opened, John swiftly turned away from the doorway and looked into the wall. “I said, leave.”
At least, that is what one would assume if you had chanced a glance through the many openings of his little cave. Books were scattered from alcoves to the sandy floor in a wild and frantic manner, algae candles were tipped over and the mirror that had been kept in the corner was gone, any one person would naturally assume that something sinister had taken place.
Sherlock gave a small nod and John focused his attention on opening up the splint and did his best to gently slip his tail inside. He hardly noticed when Sherlock gripped onto the side of his shirt hard enough to pull it out of his trousers as he wrapped the splint around his tail and secured it.
John allowed a slight rotation of his shoulder as he attempted to calm his voice enough to speak. “I’ve just been invalided from Afghanistan.”
His free hand wandered down to undo John’s leather breeches, slipping his hand inside to pull him out of his trousers.
Victor turned his attention to the faint voice that called out to him and looked around until he saw the crop of dark curls and light eyes that crossed his vision.
“Why am I angry? How could I not be? You have absolutely no respect for your health and safety. What if he had managed to see you? What if he had told Lestrade?”
They sat in a calm quiet for a moment, as Sherlock picked at the fruit, which he seemed to have a fondness for, until Sherlock decided to speak up over the crashing of the waves that filled their silence.
“Damnit…” John pushed himself up from the dock and threw his jacket and shoes to join Sherlock’s in a pile, he was just about to follow Sherlock’s lead and jump in, when Lestrade gripped his arm to stop him.
go back, I don’t want… Just please don’t let me go to a care home, John. I don’t think I’ll survive a single day in one of them...”
Mycroft was about to make another quip in their already tiresome back and forth, when the sharp sound of a shoulder connecting to a wooden door drew their attention away and towards Sherlock’s cabin.
By 4 pm, he had himself swimming in circles, literally and metaphorically, underneath the dock as he listened for any passing footsteps above him. He was being ridiculous, he knew he was, neither of them was particularly excellent of being on time, he just needed to wait a little longer. He sat back up on the dock and splashed about for a moment, when he suddenly began to crave the sweet fruit John had let him try the other day. At least it would have been something to distract him.
The touch of his cold hand against his warm skin sent another nip of chill up through John’s spine, the feeling only intensified as Sherlock’s hand slipped beneath his collar to now brush his digits over the uneven area.
Do let me know what you think of this story, I am always grateful for constructive criticism or just what you thought
“I um… I guess it’s just been due to us being so close for the last few years and… It just kind of grew into something more. I honestly thought you knew; I was horribly obvious about it…”
Sherlock finally gave up attempting to get a decent moment of rest, and threw off his blanket. The smile he received from the guard only made him want to go back under again.
John only realized that he should have started to hide far too late when the door was quickly pushed open and Lestrade entered with a usual handful of fresh clothes and a small tray of food.
It was likely half an hour before he decided to open his eyes once again and prepared to leave, when his eyes locked with a small rock that peaked from underneath the ocean. He could only blame it on the idea that he swore he saw movement amongst the stone.
“Hello Sherlock, I apologise if I was late. I just needed to pick up a few things.” He gestured to the small picnic basket that he had set behind the both of them. John could see the interest Sherlock had taken to the small item, and fed that curiosity when he opened it up to pull out a small picnic for them both.
“The process will only work if the person completing it has a compelling reason that will let them complete it. If one does not have a good reason, what is the point in taking the opportunity?”
His eyes were caught when the light from inside of the hotel became visible as a fairly young woman all in black slipped outside and began to pace up and down the small section of road that was seated just beneath his window.
He gave John that same smile as he slipped on his coat, making his way to the door before he turned to shake John’s hand. “I think you’ll do very well here. Again, just let me know if you need anything,” John was about to respond with a friendly goodbye when Sherlock pulled him close by their intertwined hands to speak softly into his ear. A small shiver ran through John’s spine at how eerily similar the feeling was to the threat the man had made to him just the previous morning.
It was just when John had slipped his hands to rest comfortably along Sherlock’s back as he watched the man above him go over each mark ritualistically, when he suddenly stopped and moved to press a hardly there kiss to his lips.
Sherlock quickly nodded and continued to pull on his arm. John finally relented and let himself get dragged to Sherlock’s bedroom, as he now shamelessly watched Sherlock walk in front of him before he was pulled into the room, and the door was shut behind them.
Lestrade stood still for a moment before he turned to John to gesture for him to open the letter. John could feel all eyes of the crew on him as he delicately unfolded the parchment and attempted to read the hastily scribbled and hardly legible writing.
She slipped him a little card that he took a glance at before he slipped it into his pocket and ushered the door closed.
Ugh, I'm making this sound as though I'm leaving forever. Thank you for all your support on this story, and I hope to see you all again in the not too distant future :)
Both of them couldn’t get up fast enough from the floor to dust themselves off, the awkward silence between them was too much for Sherlock after so much of it already and he had to speak up first.
“Oh? I don’t believe I know anyone with the last name Holmes. Patient or no.” He took a moment to shake his head and inhaled another puff of his cigarette that was soon pushed down by a rather large sip of his tonic.
John poked his head forward into the room and took a look around. It wasn’t a very large cabin, but there was enough room to place a wooden desk, chair, an extra table, a few barrels, and a simple cot similar to the ones he saw below deck. The window brought in the dim rays of light already beginning to rise and brighten the room much more than any of the infirmaries he’d worked in before.
Mycroft then slipped his little black book into his pocket, and hardly missed a beat to begin another speech. “If you need more convincing, I’m sure we can negotiate later on. Although, I am sure you will see my offer is more than… sufficient…”
He had hardly sat down in his car when he felt his phone vibrate, and he pulled it out. He couldn’t help that same smile that showed up on his face when he read the text message.
The small, vulnerable voice Sherlock’s voice took on drove Mycroft’s head into his hands as he knew he said the wrong thing.
This managed to silence Mycroft, even if it was just for a moment. They sat in an awkward quiet for far too long, Sherlock was just about to leave and go back home to fall into a comatose state, when Mycroft irritatingly spoke up again.
He was pulled from his thoughts when Mycroft moved closer to him again, a light grin that already began to turn sour when he came close enough to his shoulder to smell his cologne. “What is that?”
“We need to tail that ship, keeping about a 300-meter distance in order for them to lose visual. Luckily, we’ll keep ours as the fog has lost most of its coverage.” He closed the telescope and turned back to Lestrade, how seemed so giddy at the moment as he looked down to John. He cleared his throat and turned back to the crew before John took too much notice of it.
Hello all, this is just a little life update as I will be having a tonsillectomy surgery this week and I am unsure of how... aware I would be to post the next chapter. I will still do my best to post it on the scheduled time, but if you do see some mistakes, just ignore them.
It was now John’s turn to let his hands roam, sliding under the man’s already few layers of clothes to undo buttons and shirts. Allowing for a brief moment without the consolation of having his skin against Sherlock’s to let the man below him to slip off his shirt. His eyes quickly surveying the expanse of smooth, pale skin tinted with red along with the small darkened buds on his chest that drew his fingers to run against them. Quickly learning of the affect such a touch had on the man below him as he released a gentle gasp from beneath his breath.
He eventually felt one of his hands lowered down by Sherlock’s and he looked to see one of his impish grins plastered on his face as they looked at each other.
Strangely, Sherlock never made mention to the fact that he would also drown if he remained underwater for more than two minutes, but at this point his reality was so muddled after the events of the last few days, he couldn’t bother to say something.
The wooden door bulged outward and nearly came off the hinges as the navy men standing in front of it moved out of the way, the next kick to the door seemed to do the trick as it now opened outwards instead of inwards.
He picked one of the many books placed into the stone and moved back to sit on his bed. The gentle glow of the lanterns gave him the sight to try and turn the pages, that seemed to want to fall apart at every opportunity, but he wouldn’t allow it.
Sherlock nearly fell from the balance he kept on his feet at what he heard and caused the door to swing open with a loud creak as both of them stood where they were, motionless and staring.
Sherlock made his way back to his cot and sat down, the glass was soon set down on the table beside him. “We didn’t make a deal, you only stared at me until I stood up got what I wanted.”
Sherlock let out a small sigh as he felt John slip his hand into his own again. He wouldn’t admit that the warmth of his touch calmed him down, even when he could hardly move his fingers.
John looked up to meet his eye, the sudden grip Sherlock had on his hand was enough to keep that gaze.
John took a breath and fully turned to him, his hand resting on Sherlock’s hip as his thumb rubbed small circles into his skin. Possibly for himself more than Sherlock. “I suppose a conversation Lestrade had with me today has made me… disquieted.”
He didn’t receive a response, which was fairly normal for their conversations. He decided to let it go as he was probably just thirsty, and turned back to his computer. Content with just letting him get what he needed without bothering him. That would have been a possibility, if not for the fact that Sherlock began to mumble under his breath.
Oh dear, I do believe I am really starting to enjoy these two as a pairing. Do let me know what you think of this story, and if you like it and have your own ideas of how to continue their story, you are perfectly allowed to suggest something.
A crawling feeling ran up the back of John’s neck caused him to turned back to the edge of the port to see if anyone was staring at him. He saw no one, and turned his attention to water, where he saw the reflection of pale arms settled in the water with dark curls that wavered against the deep.
He turned back to his merman who looked back at him with a sudden worry in his surprisingly expressive eyes. He pressed one last quick kiss to John’s lips and hastily spoke once again.
Sherlock eventually pushed it away when the side of his face felt irritatingly numb. John insisted that he kept it on, but he did not fight him much when he continually pushed it away like a small child.
We only have one more chapter to go! The last will be an epilogue because I enjoy skipping some time to see where the characters would be then, and I can't wait for it
He hardly realised how long they had held that tender embrace until he needed to pull away for air. Small gasps for breath escaped him while the young merman gazed at him with a look that John had not received in a very long time, yet he knew could grow quite fond of.
He noticed only too late when he heard the muffled noise of shouting from the upper deck, the thunderous sound of footsteps running towards his door as the same young man he had just treated came barreling through it. “There… There is a ship in distress spotted a hundred yards away, the captain wishes everyone available to assist...”
John had barely gotten through one cigarette when he heard a knock at his door. He tapped away the ash that he had watched slowly increase as the minutes passed, and made his way to the door and was just about to turn the knob when in his peripheral view, he spotted a manilla envelope that contrasted greatly against the dark carpet.
His breathing grew ragged and his head light as his body found its way back onto the floor, his hand moved to cradle his head in the fall as time began to escape him in a dimly lit haze.
This one however, was the worst of them. A broad, tall man with a constant red face that would never take no for an answer; he’d tried that many, many times.
Sherlock gave him another smile at that, and they soon remained quiet as the last few rays of the sun disappeared beneath the waves and plunged the world into darkness. They curled up closer to one another once this occurred, the far-off roads behind them began to illuminate as the street lamps were lit.
He only received a similar eyeroll to his own as his free hand moved down between them, and with a sudden grip, took both of them in his hand. A slight smirk graced his face when he managed to drag a rather high-pitched whine from Sherlock before he covered his mouth.
“Watson, I would suggest that you keep your voice down. I am willing to offer you a good sum of money and a residence in a prominent part of London, should you take my offer.”
John looked up from where his head had fallen and back up to where Sherlock continued to stare at him. The look of fear and anxiety that previously stayed on his face had melted away into a more serene expression that John had only seen when Sherlock had passed out on the couch.
Sherlock felt some of the rosy colour in his cheeks drain away at such a question. He had never given it much thought of how he felt towards John, although he never needed to. The physical reactions that occurred, the uncontrolled smiles, the reddened face, the quickening of his heartrate whenever he saw that man walk down the dock, told him enough. He had to admit an affection had already begun to sprout without his knowledge, and it brought another unrestrained smile to form on his face when he thought about it.
He soon set the book down and went to lay down, this meant that he needed to help a small snail that had somehow made its way up to his bed, and set it on the small hole in the stone that provided a way outside. He soon settled into his bed, the gentle touch of seaweed underneath him settled his nerves for tomorrow before he drifted off to sleep.
The room stayed quiet for a moment, the two of them just enjoyed the stillness after such exertion that Sherlock didn’t expect for John to speak up again after that.
Lestrade let out a sigh behind him as the creak of wood alerted John to him rising out of his seat. “It would be easier to let you find out yourself, Sherlock is a complicated man to explain. His past is bound to catch up to him sooner or later…”
“Doctor Watson, you are under house arrest for treason against her royal majesty. You are to remain confined within this room until a trial date is to be arranged.”
He turned his attentions back to his merman who looked back at him with a sudden worry in his surprisingly expressive eyes. He pressed one last quick kiss to John’s lips and hastily spoke once again.
“Just pick up the little cotton pads right there- yeah, those. Then get the peroxide… It’s the small white bottle with Peroxide written on it. Okay, then just soak the cotton in peroxide.”
He refocused his attention to the man still swimming in front of him when some movement caught his eye, and it caught the man’s as well when he stopped his motions to look down at what exactly had brushed against his leg, but he saw nothing.
John slowly came to moments later when the quivering throughout his body had mostly subsided, and he emerged from his bed to make his way to the washroom.
He didn’t bother to notify Sherlock, as this was a very tender moment and he did not wish to interrupt him, so he continued to stare. Slightly red hair, pale skin, and scales that shone against the rock’s surface similar to Sherlock’s own peered over the rock with little subtlety. They were being watched and not with much skill.
They both turned their attentions to the ambulance where Sherlock was and John quickly made his way to step in and sit beside him. He watched as Sherlock’s eyes scanned over everything with a panic-stricken gaze before his eyes locked with John.
“Yes… I am looking for a gift for someone, particularly a piece of jewellery, but I am unsure of what could be of interest.”
He merely received a slight shake of the head as Sherlock removed his hands to move in closer to him.
He’d barely laid his head down on his pillow before he fell asleep. The soft fabric around him could not allow for more comfort as the troubles of the day already began to melt away, until his phone began to ring.
Sherlock had taken up the tiresome task that morning of being nice and deciding to get the groceries for once. He didn’t let onto the fact that he was somewhat banned from most of the shopping centers in their area and had to travel around an hour away just to find a suitable store.
The lack of food for several days soon became clear of the energy he had lost as his sight dimmed and darkened, before his frame collapsed to the ground.
Good lord, even the man’s voice sounded like a snake. He did his best to ignore the man, as he was just about done. He gave the young clerk a small smile when he reentered with a lovely velvet box that he set upon the counter for John to have a look.
“mm, yeah I guess I do.” He was eventually able to lift his head up enough for Sherlock to help him stand, before he needed to grab a nearby table for balance.
“Yes, yes I’m fine just let me get an ice pack…” He began to stand up but then fell back into his seat as he felt slightly lightheaded.
“Well, maybe Lestrade can find you one in the morning. Goodnight.” He gave Sherlock’s hand a gentle pat before he slipped his head out from under the blanket and tried to stand up. He was instead sharply pulled back to the side of the sofa and felt Sherlock wrap around his arm like a damn python.
Reading had become common place for his sleepless nights, as it became a nice challenge to help him fall asleep and, in this case, it aided in the task to settle his mind of the events that occurred that morning.
The men turned to look and gathered around in a small crowd around the two, curious eyes looking over them in enquiring gazes to wonder what the announcement could be.
The rest of John’s day was rather uneventful from that point on, only a few men came into the infirmary, and that was mainly due to them thinking it was still a storage room. Yet he had a few who genuinely needed care.
John seemed frozen to the ground as the crew cheered in celebration and lifted him up, the swift movement unnerving to his head as he attempted to catch up with the world around him.
“Look, Sherlock… I’ve been giving it some thought and… I don’t know if you’d even consider this but-“
“Sherlock, there are a lot of things you think I don’t want to know. Right now, I want to know what drove you to start using again.”
“Don’t apologise, let’s just go to bed. Okay?” John linked his hand with Sherlock’s and took a moment to gather himself before he began to walk hand and hand to Sherlock’s bedroom.
John ran his fingers over the salt-stained cover that was already unreadable and turned to the first page that read
The two laid silently for a while, the touch of one another suddenly not providing as much comfort as it did earlier in the day. John had thought Sherlock had fallen asleep and was about to do the same, when Sherlock’s muffled voice rang through his ear.
His worries were calmed by the sight of John in his usual place on the dock, the setting sun highlighted every lovely contour of his face and allowed Sherlock to see the many colours that swirled within his irises.
John stopped in his ministrations to stare at Sherlock, a very obvious look of shock graced the doctor’s features even when he thought he hid it well. It was rather endearing to Sherlock.
John eventually needed to break the kiss after some minutes or he feared he would become unconscious; it did not help that blood was rushing much faster to other places than his head.
John turned his gaze back to the man and was about to give him a rather surprised smile before he watched a bottle Holmes had picked up to move, slip from his hand. He made a quick move to catch it, but was unlucky enough to have the glass shatter onto the table just as his hand pressed down onto it.
Sherlock laid down beside him and ran his fingers through John’s hair, wiping away a few drops of sweat from his face before he placed a kiss to his temple.
I LOVE how not two hours after I posted the last chapter, my computer basically imploded and I needed to transfer everything to a new one. This week has been a stressful one, so hopefully you all are having a better one.
“I’ve seen the way you look at the children that play on the beach nearby. I know how desperately you want a child, but if you choose to be with him, that will no longer be a possibility.”
He was highly distracted; he had to admit that. The lovely brush of Sherlock’s nose pressed to his neck and a tongue that drew small circles on his skin was a wonderful interruption that he hardly noticed the movement from the rock where he first spotted Sherlock.
Men began to run in every direction possible, many ran to reach for the wheel to turn them away to make an escape, but it was too late. The ship was so close, so close that John was able to see the dark oxblood coloured writing on the side labeling the ship as
The cab ride home was a rather strenuous and uncomfortable journey as he knew that the water from his clothes was soaking into the leather seating, he would likely never hear the end of it if his driver decided to start a conversation when they reached his hotel.
It was difficult to disagree with him as the appeal to settle within the lapping waves and allow the cool currents to envelop him completely with Sherlock beside him grew far too tempting too quickly.
It was John’s turn to run over to the edge and looked down. He breathed a sigh of relief as he saw Sherlock had caught onto the ledge and began to pull himself up.
They stopped swimming around 10 meters from their meeting spot, the clearer water allowed for a better view of the merman as he floated within his sight. The tender brush of his nose against his cheek drew a gentle smile from him as he returned the action, a silent comfort between the two to remind one another that they were there. No matter the darkness and isolation of the ocean that surrounded them from every angle, they knew they held each other at less than an arm’s length away.
They made their trek upstairs and Sherlock could have easily grabbed the ice but instead he was pushed into a kitchen chair while John got it.
Sherlock hardly even looked at him, and seemed to stare to the wall behind him to avoid eye contact.
He moved the kneel down on the deck and watched as a young man that gripped onto the dock’s pole came into view. Soaking curls that dripped water from their ends framed the man’s face and drew John’s attention to his eyes, the bright contrast of their pale hue and the murky water that surrounded him could only make him stand out more. These things, added on with prominent cheekbones and supple, full lips that John had never seen so full even on a woman, added to this lovely mystique about him as he hardly looked afraid like he thought he would be, but rather interested as they met John’s own stare.
John met his eyes for just a moment before Holmes thumped the end of his sword against the floor; a man from his crew easily came behind John and dragged him away as if he was a sack of flour. He kicked and screamed as he was led back to the pirate’s ship, going so far as to punch the much larger man who was carrying him in the face, yet he had seemingly no reaction to this. He simply picked John up at a different angle for the rest of the way until John was thrown into a room and the door was locked behind him.
He refused to let out the groan that wanted to escape his throat when he took a seat on the sea worn wood of an abandoned dock that allowed enough privacy for him to finally enjoy the gentle crash of waves against the structure as he allowed it to fill his senses.
It took a moment for John to understand what Mycroft had just said. It was obvious he would never understand the complexities that he had found himself surrounded in, but to say something so cryptic as to what Sherlock did for him, it did not level off the anxiety that John felt building up inside him. “Why… Why would he do that?”
As he finally relieved his aching back to retrieve a needle and thread, he looked to see Holmes’ face with a small smirk plastered on it, a look that seemed infectious as John sported the same once he sat back down.
“Convince me, Sherlock. Why should I change my mind and let this honestly pathetic human crawl out from underneath my thumb? Why should I let him come back to you with the possibility he will hurt you?”
Sherlock delicately managed to pull the book from John’s grasp and moved closer to him, he closed the space that lingered between them and turned John head to face him. It was then that he noticed the slightly nervous look in John’s eyes at was about to occur.
“Sherlock pleaseee stop talking about REM. You sleepwalk, did you know that? You’ve been hopping over the furniture, gripped by arm with some strength I didn’t even know you had, and you said you love someone so that’s eclipsing every other time this has happened.”
Sherlock did his best to sit up and fix himself, his curls were a mess and his face was stained with stinging tears, but he managed to straighten himself enough to save some dignity he had left.
Sherlock froze as the two of them embraced when he felt the gentle brush of Victor’s nose to his exposed neck. He couldn’t explain why, as a few days ago he would have been happy to feel such a sensation against his skin caused by Victor, likely happier than he’d ever truly felt, but this felt… wrong.
Everyone turned to the source of the outburst, which understandably came from John himself. He quickly yanked down his hand and tucked it under his arm as they became crossed. “Isn’t the whole point of pirate life being that you can elect your own captain? What even gives you the authority to make me Captain, Lestrade?”
Mycroft couldn’t help the exasperated sigh that escaped him as he set his glass down and leaned forward, he was already utterly done with this conversation.
“How was I supposed to know he would escape through an attic window, two stories up, with every other exit locked? No one does that!”
They soon begrudgingly separated once again for air, finally taking in that the world had not yet stopped but proceeded right along with them, as the muffled shouts and sounds of drunken men came not far away from them. Sherlock looked back to John with laboured breaths and flushed cheeks and looked to see him in a similar situation, the sight gave him a slight boost in his ego as he moved to place his hand on his face once again; somewhat seeking the touch.
That feeling in the pit of his stomach returned as Mycroft’s previous touch against his shoulder seemed to only intensify this worry that he had since this morning. This icy chill washed over him at the complete lack of emotion his brother gave when he spoke of John, the pain began to move up towards his chest as his tail curled up into himself again.
He only received a hum as Sherlock quickly turned his attention to his phone. John didn’t mind, Sherlock never seemed up for much conversation after he’d just woken up. John simply followed his example and sat down in his chair, his eyes wandered off to today’s newspaper and they both sat silently in their sitting room. John did his best to focus on his own activities, and to mind his own business, but it was difficult to focus as he watched Sherlock’s tail complete so many activities on its own without Sherlock moving so much as a muscle.
Wow, I am honestly so glad to be back after a week of not writing. This is going to be a fairly short chapter, but I decided since I missed last week's post, I am going to post chapter four sometime later this week. I hope you enjoy this chapter!
“n… No, it tasted metallic… and i… I tried swallowing but I couldn’t..” He looked back to Mrs. Hudson with a look that she had never seen on his face in all the years she had known him. Fear in its purest form stared back at Mrs. Hudson as both their eyes moved back to Sherlock’s arm.
His hand instead enveloped his entire wrist to pull it close to his chest, a slight trembling grew in his throat, but he soon swallowed it in order to speak.
His voice suddenly sounded so small, it sounded miniscule compared to the usual grandeur and command he usually held whenever he spoke; he sounded… almost scared.
The man’s head tilted at the question and let out a low sound that John had to guess was a chuckle. He then received his own question to answer in turn, one that he neither enjoyed, nor wished was said out loud.
John is perplexed. Leave it to Sherlock to surprise him yet again and get to the point straight away.
He licks along the shell of my ear, his hands running up and down my chest and abdomen, his fingernails scraping along my ribs, my nipples, leaving a prickling trail of sensitivity in their wake.
Sherlock slows down eventually, and his instinct is perfect – the waves of ecstasy running through John’s body are ebbing away, and he feels himself getting too sensitive to be touched. A long sigh makes its way out of his throat as Sherlock cleans him up with a few last soft strokes of his tongue and then lets him go. He goes completely slack, melting into his chair, his hand still in Sherlock’s hair, and the other man exhales a shaky breath and leans his cheek against his thigh.
"Because---" John breaks off and takes a deep, trembling breath before he finishes the sentence. "Because you're
It doesn’t even occur to me to deny him his wish. I rise and make my way to his room, and when I’m there, I lock the door behind myself. I think I know what’s about to happen. Mrs Hudson usually knocks before entering, but who knows.
"Wanna watch you," Sherlock pants and puts his palms back over John's ears, and John looks up to see him gazing down on him with fire in his eyes.
He puts the wooden box on the bedside table and lies down in the bed that has seen better days, and he sleeps.
"My love," John whispers and bends forwards and down, sliding his palms under Sherlock's buttocks to hoist him upwards a little.
Holmes gazes at me through the half-light, waiting. He does not press me to continue, but gives me time to collect myself, and I could not be more grateful. This is so impossibly difficult, so unfathomably dangerous. What if I do it wrong?
Sherlock mutters something under his breath, and John forces himself to open his lids again and look back down. Sherlock raises his right hand and, holding his gaze, puts his middle finger into his mouth to suck on it. John stares, mesmerised. When the finger reappears and pops out from between Sherlock’s rosy lips, it’s wet and shiny, and John thinks that he’s never seen anything so sexy in his life.
the one who fucked up, Sherlock. Not you. I could have stopped it all, on several occasions. But I didn't. I was scared, and confused, and behaving like a bloody idiot. I've wasted so much time. I broke so many things between us. Even when we'd made up, I treated you so--- I did it all wrong, Sherlock. You needed support, and warmth, and all I gave you was fear."
“Sherlock---” John starts, but Sherlock doesn't let him finish, talks over him to save them the time.
They kiss again, and John thinks that Sherlock smiling against his lips is the best thing that has happened so far.
Sherlock, pale, soaked in sweat, on the floor of this room, spasming, his mouth frothing, gasping for breath. Dying.
My blood is boiling, and listening to his desperate begging only intensifies my craving for release.
, Sherlock…" he tells him breathlessly, his eyes still squeezed shut, and kisses his temple. "God, you feel---
They gaze at each other for a while. John is radiating tension, but Sherlock doesn't know how to react. Why would John be jealous of a woman? He knows very well that Sherlock has never been interested in women and never will be. They've been together like this for months now; they've said
He shudders violently and moans, the sound of his deep, throaty voice vibrating inside my head, and then his lower body jerks forwards and he comes, spilling himself into the space between us and drenching me in warm, wet heat. At the same time, I feel him convulse around my finger, and the two sensations combined are so wonderful that they send me over the edge right after him.
"I do. There's honey in the shed. Big, big buckets of honey. I buy it to stock up the bees' supplies if it stays cold for too long. But usually they manage."
…" he says, his lips sliding lower, first down my ribs, then across my abdomen. "You're so lovely, so stunning, Sherlock…"
Sherlock puts his violin down on his desk again, then turns and steps right into John's personal space. The shorter man tips his head back slightly to look at him, his dark blue eyes glinting with an intense emotion Sherlock can't deduce, and he marvels once more at the riddle that is John Watson. He'll never solve it in its entirety, but he'll always be intrigued, and he'll never stop trying.
can't. I feel like you're blaming yourself for everything I did to you. And that's wrong. It's not healthy, Sherlock. You're worth more than that. I made mistakes, and I beg your forgiveness, but you have to acknowledge that
His cock is on fire by now, pulsing almost painfully, but he’s determined to wait, to be patient. Sherlock needs this now, needs the time to get to know him, and he’ll let him set the pace.
They spend ten frantic minutes searching the house for candles and matches, and lo and behold, they find some in the kitchen (there's also some ancient-looking tinned food, but they're not that desperate yet). On their quest for a place to rest their tired bodies (or
When it ebbs away, he groans and pounds into Sherlock’s quivering body a few times more, enjoying the aftershocks, his release making the slide wet and easy, and then he stills and puts his forehead against Sherlock’s, gasping for air.
Sherlock is beyond words, it seems, sobbing lowly and restlessly running his hands over the nape of John’s neck and his upper back.
When the next thrust hits right home, sending a jolt of electricity up his spine, he sobs involuntarily; the feeling just takes him, without warning, and tears him apart, and there is nothing,
"I'm… overwhelmed, John," Sherlock says slowly. "I'm sorry. I'm not good at this. I--- I suppose I should have tried to find out about this part of you sooner. I deduced that your father abused you very early on in our acquaintance, and yesterday, when you told me that you'd been thinking about me for a while, I assumed that he was the reason you didn't approach me right away. But knowing that you--- that I could have tried to have what I have now when we first met--- I'm experiencing the most irrational notion of regret at the moment."
, John?" Mycroft insisted, and John knew it was no use. "I'll die," he whispered. His teeth began to chatter then, and his head cleared enough to make the realisation hurt. "I'll die," he repeated, and then he opened his lids to look at the man holding him up. The hands gripping him loosened their hold then, and Mycroft switched off the water and sighed. He looked very, very old. "Glad we're on the same page. Now
His voice is shaking ever so slightly, and John despises himself for being the reason for that. This is not how it's supposed to be.
There’s a hint of panic in Sherlock’s voice, but I have no idea whether he’s scared of being arrested or of being caught in the act.
There are tears on Sherlock’s cheeks again, and he’s gone completely boneless, as if he’d fall apart if John took his arms away from around him. He’s breathing fast, moaning a little in between gulps of air, his voice entirely devoid of its usual dark timbre and sounding much younger.
I’ve started working at a clinic – it’s a classic, slightly boring nine-to-five, and it helps to distract me during the long, lonely days. I love being a doctor, and without him being there to give me material to write about it’s the next best thing to occupy myself with.
Sherlock smiles again and wraps his fingers around John’s hand, lifting it to his mouth and setting a kiss onto it. He then sets another, and another. His eyes open, and they are bright and full of honesty. “John Watson,” he says. “Right now, the only wish I have is to kiss you.”
to precise enough, so Sherlock allows himself a low, frustrated whine and pushes himself against John's face, desperate for more contact.
too many clothes. And he’s exceptionally glad that Sherlock doesn’t appear tired anymore; quite the opposite.
He purrs and sinks onto me with his full weight, his mouth next to my cheek, his hips rolling against my arse in slow, rhythmic circles. My cock is pulsing between our bodies, getting just the right amount of friction to keep the waves of pleasure undulating through me coming steadily, and when he starts to thrust a little harder and bites my clavicle, I shiver and buck up against him. It feels so good,
I say sorry for everything concerning Mary, too, again, but he doesn’t want to hear that, either. He’s still jealous, yes. But it was only drinks. He forgives me. Nothing happened. Let it go, John. I feel like I should be happy – I got out of it alright, didn’t I? He doesn’t hate me, didn’t leave me, still wants me around. I shouldn’t question why. I shouldn’t want him to be more upset. Why do I, then?
"Lesson one," he says hoarsely, unable to keep his voice from catching a bit. He doesn’t know if it’s from fury or despair.  "Just because you're the one on the receiving end, it doesn't mean you can't be dominant, or demanding, or in control. So come on now. Fuck me." He pulls John against himself and bucks his hips upwards, faintly ashamed of his own aggressive approach, but also fed up with waiting, talking,
"Fuck," John whispers hoarsely, clinging to Sherlock's back with one hand, to his arse with the other. There's no air. No thought. Just this, this,
"Faster?" he then asks and kisses my cheekbone, his hair falling into his face in wild, enticing curls.
Ever so slowly, he pushes the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders and down his arms, and it falls to the floor with a soft, rustling sound.
—I thought you’d be flattered.” He reaches up and puts his hands around Sherlock’s face to stroke his cheekbones with his thumbs. “I mean, for Christ’s sake, Sherlock. Have you not
I clench my teeth. My cock is pulsing violently; I was so close. I try to calm down and run my fingertips down to the nape of his neck. He shivers.
John grins to himself and nuzzles Sherlock's collarbone, trailing his lips along the graceful slopes that are standing out too sharply, making Sherlock shiver in response.
“I haven’t done all this in almost twenty years,” Sherlock mutters, and John gapes at him, but he manages to get himself together again quite quickly. He doesn’t want him to feel like he’s being pitied.
"I'd let you come back, John," she says, her voice shaky, but determined. "If you find that it's a stupid, one-sided crush based on hero-worship and you getting cold feet because of the baby, I'll let you come back and forget that this ever happened."
of them deserved better.) Those days, the days (and nights) of numbing himself with alcohol and frantic, anonymous sex, are over. They have been over for half a year now, and he doesn't want them back.
," Sherlock moans in a soft, very un-Sherlockian manner, and leans his forehead against John's. "Are you--- does it--- hurt?"
“The floor doesn’t seem to be the right place to do this,” he says lowly, an almost inaudible question mark hanging in the air when he's finished.
Sherlock has found his erection and grabbed it without preliminaries, squeezing it through the thin fabric of his pants. John’s knees buckle even as he tries to walk on. He needs to lie down, stat.
Today, he chooses to be happy. He doesn't know what the future might bring, but he knows that it's not going to be easy. Who knows what his daughter will think of the choice he's made. Who knows if Mary will force him to fight for the right to even see the child. Who knows whether he and Sherlock will work. He pushes all these thoughts, all the guilt and fear and regret, to the back of his mind. He walks back to Baker Street with a spring in his step. He wants to shout it from the rooftops - he's in love with the most fascinating human being on the planet, and this strange, wonderful, beautiful man loves him back.
He does it all almost without thinking – cleaning and disinfecting the wound, stapling his own flesh together, putting on a dressing. It doesn't even hurt that much anymore.
Sherlock folds his hands in his lap and leans back in his armchair. Two steaming mugs of tea are sitting on the coffee table, filling the room with the rich, zesty aroma of Lady Grey – John’s favourite. He knows Sherlock likes other blends better, so the fact that he’s made it for him makes him feel a weird, hopeful kind of warm inside.
Flashbacks of other mornings like this pass by his inner eye, mornings of days long gone. Sherlock on all fours on the bed, inviting him for a quick shag before work. Sherlock joining him in the shower, murmuring sweet nothings about masturbatory fantasies coming true into his ear. Sherlock like this, exactly like this, reclining against his pillow, staring down at him and stifling his shouts as he comes down his throat.
"I know, love," he says softly. "I know. I'm sorry. Just… a little bit, please. A small piece of toast, maybe. And some tea?"
John cries out and thrusts deeply, once, twice, and Sherlock knows that rhythm and braces himself for the impact of the third thrust, which is always the most forceful one.
, John thinks wildly as he goes a bit deeper, running his tongue around Sherlock's shaft, which feels so familiar in his mouth, every ridge and vein having been mapped out a thousand times, every sensitive,
She reaches up to pull the towel off the hook by the sink and covers his exposed groin with it, then pulls a mobile phone from the pocket of her cardigan.
"Good?" John asks, pushing in deeper, a bit faster than before, and Sherlock nods emphatically, causing their noses to bump against each other.
Trying to get off with Sherlock that night at Angelo's was one of his crazier ideas, born of adrenaline and red wine and Sherlock's annoyingly beautiful face gleaming in the candlelight, and looking back on the very final way Sherlock brushed him off he often finds himself a little embarrassed, but at the same time very grateful that he did. What they have now is so much more and so much better than any one-night stand could have ever been, even though John is sure that even a quick, alcohol-fuelled shag with Sherlock would probably have been amazing – and even though he doesn't really know what it
Feeling almost as if he was dreaming, Sherlock looks down and sees the dark injection marks, standing out clearly against his too-pale skin, and he's ashamed that John is staring at them too, and at his most private parts, and he's so terribly uncomfortable because John is standing
John freezes, his hand hovering in mid-air. There's someone inside the flat. Mrs Hudson has re-rented it. Someone's inside, talking, and John almost walked in on them. His arm falls to his side again.
“He is. He won’t be able to contact us for a while, but he says not to worry. Everything is still progressing according to plan – it’s just taking a little longer than we anticipated.”
"It's---" His voice breaks a little and he coughs to gloss over it, then starts again. "It's better like this. You'll relax more."
– I wonder whether we should have done this in my bedroom rather than his, just to spare Mrs Hudson the details, but then again – she’s probably happy to hear that he’s enjoying himself.
He shuffles over and puts his arm around her, and when she leans her head against his shoulder, he kisses her hair.
I smile, brushing stray curls off his forehead. I love his hair; I want to stay like this forever, touching him. His eyes look a darker shade of blue in the shadows playing across his face.
Sherlock looks completely wrecked and absolutely gorgeous at the same time. His hair is a mess, his face red-cheeked and wet with tears, and his lips look swollen from being bitten. His eyes have turned a shade John has never seen before, and John wonders if it’s real or just a trick of the light.
Sherlock purses his lips, but puts his free hand on Rosie’s stomach to caress her, and she wriggles happily. His long, slender fingers look huge when she grabs them with her tiny ones.
He stops and bites down on his bottom lip, breathing hard, having talked himself into a frenzy. Sherlock swallows audibly, his Adam's apple jumping. His heart is hammering against John's palm.
He registers dimly that his body is slumping, ever so slowly, to the side, but he couldn't stop it even if he tried.
I nod. He normally doesn’t resort to subtlety when he wants to communicate something important, but what is being implied here is so monumental that it seems that even the great Sherlock Holmes can’t spell it out as it is. He might be the only one of his kind, but he’s also just human, after all.
She takes a sip of her wine and winks at me. This gives me a little jolt of excitement, but I think it's mostly out of habit. She’s charming. I used to love flirting, and Mary would have been exactly the type of woman I would have gone for.
“Wait a while,” he answers, sounding sober. “You might not like everything that comes with being with me like that.”
They scramble to their feet, Sherlock throwing off his jacket, somehow (John really doesn’t know how) managing to
Mycroft is an idiot, I told Sherlock. He’s brilliant, but he’s also a huge, huge idiot. An idiot who’s “sorry”. Sherlock just pursed his lips and nodded without a reply, his eyes dark and inscrutable, and when I looked at his calm, pensive face, it suddenly hit me. There never was a betrayal, was there? Sherlock confirmed this inkling. He and Mycroft have been working on dismantling Moriarty’s network for weeks, having started long before he decided to destroy Sherlock in front of the whole country. Why didn’t Mycroft tell me so himself? “He chided me for involving you. He probably wanted nothing to do with it. I don’t know, John. Sometimes he enjoys being enigmatic – maybe it’s just that.”
“I know it's too much right now,” I murmur against his forehead. “Too much sentiment. You don't have to say anything. You were so brave today, to open up to me like you did. So brave. Let's go to sleep now. The new day might present us with yet another case that needs you at full capacity.”
“Mmmhhh…” I hum around him, making the sound last, pressing him against my palate with my tongue on every downwards move.
"Kitchen," he answers, and then he opens his lids again and looks at John, right into his heart, with icy-blue eyes that have become much too large for his face. "Thank you, John," he croaks.
“You don’t always have to take the lead, John; that’s not what I want. I want you to be yourself, and comfortable, and I want us to be equal – in our everyday lives, in our work, in bed---”
living arrangements. Sometimes not talking for hours, or even days, on end, Sherlock is the one who's responsible for most of the occasions on which they "give each other space", but John doesn't mind. He likes this kind of peace and quiet, because it never lasts too long. More often than not, he hasn't even started to get bored when Sherlock storms into whichever room he's occupying at the time (and that means
I feel terrible, knowing that he’s trying to protect himself from my pity and self-loathing by dealing with his demons on his own, but I can see why he’s been doing it. I’ve been handling the whole thing like a bloody idiot.
They gaze at each other for a moment and it is obvious to Sherlock that they are both thinking the same right now, remembering the same words, spoken only hours ago in this very same bed, and before he knows it he's wondering if they’ll ever say them again, and in which context.
like without him. He tried to convince me otherwise, Rosie, so many times. But I've made my decision, and I won't change it. I'm really sorry. You've got to believe me. I really am."
might imply, but he thinks he’s okay with that. It’s Sherlock, and there's really nothing he wouldn't do to make this good for him.
For half-hearted conversations and awkward hugs in front of the fireplace? For tea and cake and long-overdue birthday deductions?
John moves his hands to the nape of his neck and runs his fingers through his hair from there, making his way up to the tender skin behind his ears, rubbing slow, soothing circles into his scalp. “I want to show you off to the world,” he whispers. “Look at my gorgeous, perfect man. He’s a genius. He’s beautiful, inside and out. He’s so strong, and so brave, and so fucking brilliant.” John doesn’t hold back; his heart is full to bursting. He wants to stand outside on the street and scream it to the whole of London; he’s so in love.
"Even now?" Sherlock asks, barely audibly. "After me throwing up on you, after--- after watching me soil myself and then having to clean it all up?"
Sherlock wakes up to another person breathing into his ear. For a brief moment he's startled, alarmed even, ready to bolt, but then the events of last night catch up with him and he feels his body relax back into the mattress.
Sherlock laughs at the ceiling, his head lolling to the side. From his pocket, he produces the crumpled piece of paper and hands it to Mycroft, who takes a brief look at it and then puts it away somewhere – Sherlock can’t watch, because the other man's brisk movements make him dizzy.
I remember the way he insisted on helping me out of the hansom and up the steps leading to our door, and gratitude floods my insides once again, warm and overwhelming.
I help him by folding my legs so that he can slip the garment over my feet and throw it aside, and then, in a fit of very uncharacteristic urgency, I shove my hands down the back of his pants and we mirror the process until he is completely naked as well. We roll onto our sides afterwards, as if drawn towards each other by magnets, and I close my eyes. Any second now---
A massive roll of thunder makes the whole cabin judder, and all the lights begin to flicker. John’s neighbour moans as if in pain. He turns in his seat and squints through the erratic half-light, trying to make out her shape.
It’s three in the afternoon and I’m dying of boredom. The clinic is quiet today – the most interesting case I’ve had so far was a toddler with a peanut stuck in his left nostril. I stare at the paperwork piling on my desk and debate getting some of it done. There’s time now, but it’s so, so
John tips up his head and places a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “Hm,” he says. “Alright. Because if there were something bothering you, I’d be happy to let you talk to me about it. Sometimes talking about things can make it better, you know?”
He stretches him open carefully, feels him breathe around it. Sherlock is opening up more and more, his body pulling him in, and John is overwhelmed by the realisation that he’s the only person in the world who’s ever seen him in this state of complete and utter surrender.
me,” he sighs before straightening up again, and the hot air brushing his skin makes Sherlock shudder in response.
John watches him as he follows behind her towards the kitchen, quietly taking off his goggles and tossing them—and the letter—onto the table absentmindedly as he goes.
He is shaking beneath me, his whole large frame rigid to the point of discomfort, or so it seems to me. Regardless of what he says, he
Now Sherlock has started to visit him in his dreams, and sometimes he appears in his waking moments, too. When John's exhausted, but can't fall asleep. When he's in bed, relieving himself of his grief by having a wank, in the hope of being able to rest afterwards. No matter what he does to fight it (drinking, one-night stands, self-induced bar fights), he keeps thinking of Sherlock that way, and it's unsettling.
He breaks off when Sherlock starts to follow his lead and joins him in a slow rhythm of back and forth, and with each thrust it becomes easier to go a little deeper, get a little closer to each other. After the fourth, fifth, sixth time it finally happens,
His fingers come away dusty. He looks at Sherlock, who perfectly fits the description of someone who's just seen a ghost. Or something that's been haunting him, at any rate.
“Pardon?” he asks, leaning away from John, his nose briefly crinkling in surprise. It’s only a second until he’s back to normal, but John knows that look—it’s more than confusion; it’s nervousness.
She giggles and darts forwards, wrapping her arms around his legs, burying her head in his coat. “Love you, Papa,” she mumbles into the thick wool.
Occasional one-night stands were an exception, because things like that naturally require some flirting beforehand, but John can't – and, if asked, wouldn't – deny that the outcome was always much more important to him than the more or less fleeting connection he might, in the course of the conversation that preceded the deed, establish with the woman in question. All he usually wanted was some warmth and a deep, dreamless sleep, and a good orgasm or two tend to help with that.
John's heart goes out to him then, and it hurts a little, but he ignores the pain and concentrates on the knowledge that tonight they are together, and he can hold Sherlock for hours if he wants to, and talk to him, and kiss every square inch of his skin, until they fall asleep in each other's arms.
“I need to--- lie down,” he says, sounding delightfully short of breath. “You indeed seem to have managed to kiss ‘that cocky demeanour’ off--- well, not exactly my
Sherlock looks at John, over there at the other end of the room, typing away on his laptop, and decides that yes, it has got much better.
His eyes meet John’s just as she says those words, and he smiles at him, and John smiles back. “Love you too, Watson.”
Hearing these words is glorious and terrible, and I swallow hard to push down the tears rising up inside of me.
“Okay…” John puts his hands around Sherlock’s thighs and gives him a peck on the lips. “Keep your legs wrapped around me and hold on tight…and when I tell you to, lean back slowly.”
“You didn't,” he says, pouring us tea. “However, I'm not sure I can explain my behaviour in a way that will make sense to you.”
His conversational tone amuses me. I grin lazily and run my hand through his hair, enjoying its thick, smooth texture curling around my fingers.
John looks around the kitchen and sifts through his brain for something to say that isn't too mundane – after all, they've just shared most intimate moments with each other – and still ordinary enough to make the subtle, lingering tension of just having had A Talk disappear.
He's married now. They'll throw the damn bouquet and eat the damn cake, and then they'll dance a bit more, and then they'll go home and have sex and go on their honeymoon and buy a house and get a dog and have a damn
It doesn’t take them long to open every offending button and zipper keeping them from feeling each other skin on skin, but when it comes to stepping out of their respective bottoms, John’s shoes are in the way. They giggle and finally break the kiss, and then John has to bend over in his pants to untie his shoelaces, which, to his dismay, doesn’t look graceful at all because he gets himself tangled up in the legs of his jeans while trying to remove them along with his shoes and socks, but when he comes back up, slightly red-faced, he finds Sherlock staring at him with so much plain
I’m completely exhausted, lying there with the phone still pressed to my ear, and slowly my heart rate returns back to normal.
I can’t let him think like that about himself, not for one moment. I shake my head and fix my gaze on him, hoping that my words will reach his core.
” John gasps and puts his now free hand on Sherlock’s head to run his fingers through his tousled curls. “Sorry, oh God…”
Sherlock fixes him with one of his most scrutinising stares and John just surrenders to the feeling of being turned inside out, taken apart, examined, and then put back together again.
John eventually breaks their connection to look at Sherlock and grips his sides to hold him still. “Can you reach the drawer from here?” he asks. “Lube.”
When Sherlock turns his head to look out of the window and his jaw brushes John's palm in a warm whisper of skin against skin, a spark of
Sherlock pushes his nose into the crook of John's neck, making him shiver. His long legs entwine themselves even more intricately with John's.
I pull back and thrust in again, slowly and gently at first, but then more forcefully, and he holds on to the bed, the sheet slip-sliding towards him as he pulls at it and groans into the crook of his arm. He looks utterly wrecked with lust.
… I'll--- catch you…" he encourages him breathlessly and just keeps thrusting, going harder, knowing that his lover needs him to finish it for him now because he's too far gone himself.
They look at each other silently after that, and Sherlock has no idea how to proceed. It’s all well and good in theory, but how do you stop caring when the person you care about is so close by? So beautiful? How do you stop
“Yes,” I say, wishing I could just go home to find some more of said specimens next to the milk and shout at him about it.
His long, pale neck is extremely sexy, John muses as Sherlock moves his head against his palm, and because he doesn’t know whether he’ll ever get the chance again, he lightly pulls at the strands of dark hair coiling around his fingers to make him bare it a bit more, and Sherlock moans and allows it, his Adam’s apple bobbing when he tilts back his head and swallows audibly.
“Wait,” John pants and lifts his lower body, helping Sherlock to undress him, and when his pants have finally come off and he’s toed them off the edge of the mattress, he turns towards the other man and puts his hand on his stomach. “Please,” he says, breathing fast. “May I?”
Sherlock bids him a lazy, thorough farewell, sucking at him one last time before letting go, and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
, the lover, but is also so different from every first kiss I have ever experienced that I do not quite know how to reciprocate. How fast - and how
I have to tell him now. It's not fair - he's opened up, showed me all of himself, and I've been mute the whole time.
“Sherlock, love, what’s wrong?” I’m fully awake now, and worried out of my mind. “Tell me, Sherlock, come on.”
. There’s no other word that could describe this soft, beautiful feeling blossoming in his chest any better.
“My love,” I whisper, my lips brushing the tender skin of his ear, tracing the shell and marvelling at its perfect shape. “My sweet, darling man.”
Sherlock looks through his e-mails for cases and John sips his tea, and eventually John goes upstairs to put Rosie to bed and go to sleep himself, and Sherlock stays at his desk, wide awake and confused, scrolling through his list of potential clients without really registering what he's reading.
John is speaking fast, his eyes jumping back and forth between his own hands and Sherlock’s face, and Sherlock can tell how difficult it is for him, too.
Sherlock watches him reach out in slow motion, all of a sudden not sure anymore whether he's still here in his messy kitchen or in his mind palace, where the world is different, and then John's hand is in his and he holds on to it as tightly as he dares to, and as his sense of reality collapses in on itself, he eventually stops thinking altogether.
I swallow, willing myself to relax. Then I get up to sit down on the couch instead. Leaning back, I close my eyes and concentrate on the sound of his breath.
"I think it's called falling in love," he states, proud of the matter-of-fact way in which the words leave his mouth.
It only lasts for two seconds, then they let go simultaneously and smooth down their respective jackets.
They kiss again, only briefly, but with an infinite tenderness that by now seems to come naturally to both of them. Sherlock revels in it even as his body screams at him to get on with it. He's never wanted anyone this much in all his life.
"Give me--- a moment," John replies breathlessly, sounding focused rather than pained. "Just… a moment."
, in fact…" John corrects him and administers a playful bite to the nape of his neck. Then he pulls his hands out of Sherlock's grasp and moves them down and across his stomach, teasing his navel on the way. "May I…?"
"Tell me," he adds softly, ignoring the cold wave of nausea washing over him. "You can tell me, Sherlock."
He keeps kneading John's cheeks and starts to thrust again, with both hands at the same time, and although his thumbs are too short to reach the really good spots, it's
Sherlock looks completely at ease with himself, more open and relaxed than John has ever seen him before, and John goes through his collection of the other man's smiles and finds not a single one that is exactly like the one he's giving him now.
“Don’t make rash assumptions… It might be more of a challenge than you think,” he replies instead, lowly,
He’s rock-hard, and I don’t know why I haven’t tried this before – the feeling of his erection rubbing against mine like this is the most exquisite sensation, even through four layers of clothing. I can only imagine what it’ll be like without anything in between.
"I'm okay," he says and blinks to get rid of the moisture gathering in the corners of his eyes, trying to keep it from overflowing. "I'm sorry, love. I'm okay."
the results,” John pants, his own cock now painfully erect and pulsing and begging for attention that he knows he won’t get standing up like this – their difference in height is just enough to make it impossible to stand comfortably and grind against each other at the same time.
, Sherlock," I spit, hating myself, determined to keep looking at his face even though the shock, the incomprehension now visible in his expression is the most terrible thing I've ever seen. "A woman I know from work asked me out and I said yes, because I was angry at you for almost not telling me about your plan, and because I was lonely, and--- and who
“Can I…?” he asks into Sherlock’s mouth and slips one of his hands between their bodies to play with the button of Sherlock’s trousers.
It won't be easy, working through all of this, addressing all the issues standing between them, and he knows there's a long, laborious way lying ahead of them. Nevertheless, he
“I love the way you flirt,” I say and put my hands onto his throat to slowly unfasten his collar. “It's very unconventional.”
He presses his lips together, not looking at Sherlock, but into his mug, a strange, tense smile playing around his mouth.
Sherlock shrugs and flips the light switch to the left of the large oaken door. Nothing happens. Of course it doesn't. They've just broken into a huge, very old, and very remote stately home in Kent, and night is falling rapidly. A few minutes ago it began to rain, and the soft drizzle it started out as has by now turned into torrents. They walked here from the village, which means that if they don't fancy a soaked-through three-hour walk through mud and the kind of complete darkness only the countryside manages to produce, they're now stuck, and there's no electricity and no phone signal either. All they've got are two bottles of water and two mobiles with uncertain battery life. And they didn't even eat lunch today.
"Okay," he says and thinks of Mary and feels guilty, but he can't stop now. He's lost this once before, and he's not going to lose it again this time. "But maybe we can get up and go inside? My legs are killing me. Do you still have furniture in there?"
His voice fades out at the end, and a surge of possessive power John hasn't felt in ages almost overwhelms him with its intensity. Sherlock rarely ever begs. Hearing him do it in such an uninhibited manner tonight makes John go insane with pride and desire.
Even though reminiscing feels bittersweet (Sherlock is, after all, gone, and John is never going to touch him like that) and John is still ashamed of the forbidden visions he allows into his head, he finds, to his own immense surprise, that he doesn't want to forget. Not this time. It was too beautiful.
The closer they get, the more he understands what made Sherlock think that this was indeed the real thing – the likeness is uncanny. If it wasn't for the old-fashioned dress, one could easily assume that this was a portrait of Mary Watson, and because it's so big and the painter did a fantastic job of making her look three-dimensional and lifelike, he can also see why someone with too little food and no sleep might think she really was alive – at first glance, at least. Sherlock's hand twitches in his, and he holds it a bit tighter.
They don't have sex regularly anymore, have tried sleeping together only a few times since they found out about Sherlock's cancer. Sometimes it worked. Sometimes it didn't, and they abandoned the idea halfway through. Sadness, pain, fear, and exhaustion often dampened their enthusiasm, and, as hard as he finds it to admit it, John's age seems to have taken its toll at last. They used to be all over each other when they were younger, but now this wild, insatiable desire has slowly but steadily turned into something new, something much calmer and quieter. Instead of having sex they now cuddle a lot, on the couch or in their bed, and kiss, sometimes for hours on end. But most of the time it doesn't go any further.
I want to say something, anything, just to make this terrible feeling inside of me stop, but I can’t think of a single thing to tell him, so I just stand there and watch him walk away.
"Do you know what I miss most? Falling asleep with you. We've never done that. I wish we could crawl under the covers now and just go to sleep."
"Look at you, looking posh and presentable again, just like that," John jokes and disturbs him in his musings. "And I'm sitting here, all hot and bothered, just because of you
“Papa! You and Daddy are coming to speak at my school next week!” Rosie announces. With this, Sherlock’s smile falters, and the moment is gone.
He barks out a hoarse shout that turns into a sobbing moan and climaxes again, spilling yet another streak of come against John's skin, and John shudders violently, his muffled grunts of exhaustion undulating through Sherlock and surging through the roaring of his own blood in his ears.
It was quiet for a moment, a pleading stare for this young man to tell such an intimate detail of his life without the slightest hint in his eyes that he wouldn’t spread this news to the rest of London while John is carted away for indecency.
It was finally then that Sherlock dropped the tensity he held in his shoulders and ran his hands over his face to calm himself. His hands soon falling back to rest on Victor’s.
He finished putting the perishable food away and left the rest to be put up later. He slipped off his coat and scarf and placed them on the coat hanger before turned his attention to the staircase of John’s room.
Mycroft let out a pained groan as John leant in to now have the chance to murmur in his ear. He could hardly contain the will to bite it off, but that would have only caused more issues down the line.
“Yes, you want to retire and forget your military days. But that… I have to ask you to put that aside just this once and do this for Sherlock.” He held out the sword to him, his eyes attempting to meet John’s and implore him to hear him out.
John let out a small sigh as he allowed Sherlock’s hands to continue its path to touch every strand on his head.
The room was quiet for a moment as both of them took in another puff of their cigarettes, the frightfully calm demeanor in the man’s voice threw Sherlock off his game. He let out another breath of smoke, watching it curl and blow away in the wind as he allowed it to calm his nerves.
The two men made their way out onto the moonlit deck as the sounds of cheerful eating and drinking began to fade from them. The two leaned against the edge of the ships as gentle waves crashed beneath the ship.
John began to understand the use of the word intimacy as he felt truly hot under the collar, and everywhere else for that matter. Although he didn’t understand how it seemed intimate to Sherlock, until he felt the gentle scrape of teeth against his skin that were soon soothed by the small licks to the newly reddened areas.
Sherlock gave a gentle nod that moved John’s head as well. A short chuckle passed between them before they pulled away.
He stared at him for a moment, and watched as he shivered to the point he nearly fell off the couch, and John had to relent and picked his blanket up to cover up Sherlock.
He willed himself to remain the epitome of calm and collected as he watched from the corner of his eye this man sit down beside him, and he almost attempted to swim away, but he felt the urge to throw him into the water when he finally spoke.
The pressure of laughter in his throat built to a crescendo as he turned away from the wound the let out his laugh. He turned back once his fit of giggles was through, a few huffs still in his throat he finished suturing. “Let’s certainly hope so. I wouldn’t know what to think of my skills if I’d managed to pull that off.”
Held cupped his head in his hands, the tremor was apparent in his fingers as hot tears blurred his vision. He needed a moment to wipe them away before he had enough courage to grab a small mirror from his pocket and held it to his lover’s mouth.
Sherlock had to pull away for a moment to allow himself a quiet laugh as desperate John was so much more fun. “Aw, are you sure? I could easily do this all day...”
“Good morning, miss…” He took a moment to take out the card Mrs. Hudson had slipped him again and actually read it as he couldn’t for the life of him remember what it had said.
He felt the blood gush and run down his arm before the pain made its way through his nerves and to his head. The stab of metal shocked his system and threw him off balance, as a haze took over his vision.
John looked around himself and nearly fell off the dock many times to see beneath it, it was only when he was about to give up once again and return to the plan of alerting the proper authorities, that he looked up and met those piercing blue eyes and that sweet smile as the man leaned his upper torso up onto the dock.
He had dressed himself not long after he had been confined to his room, the rumpled sheets upon his bed were only a cruel reminder of what had occurred that last night.
He gained an answer to his questions when Mycroft pulled back to his original position and righted himself once he cleared his throat. “Doctor Watson, I must speak frankly. I would appreciate it if would discontinue your meetings with my brother.”
The marks that littered his shoulder began to pulsate once more and caused a tidal wave of that same overwhelming sensation that he could not place a name to. His hand moved to caress along each marking, to find that he felt nothing when he himself touched it, while it seemed that this sensation seemed to have a mind of its own when it hesitated, but he soon received what he sought for tenfold within seconds.
John instinctively cleared his throat at the rather impolite choice of words he had chosen, although he hardly expected anything less from this man and this often led to the wondering if he and Sherlock were truly siblings, when he moved to scratch his temple out of nervous habit.
They stayed in that position for a little while, the gentle embrace was enough for them at the moment until John’s knees began to get tired and Sherlock moved to stand up, a gentle tug on John’s arm was enough to tell him to follow.
His answer came back in the quietest tone he’d ever heard John’s voice take on, it gave the impression of a small baby sparrow that looked towards its mother and wondered whether if it would be pushed out of the nest, or be fed.
The latter was enough to for him to leave bed before John woke. picking his clothes up from the small pile he’d left them in the day before, he quickly dressed. The struggle to not rip off the sleeve of his coat when his arm wouldn’t easily slip in, did not help the anger.
Sherlock let out a light chuckle and shook his head as he took another bite of fruit. “I quite like it. Doctor John Watson, it sounds very important.”
I will be more than happy to write fluff or angst( Moffat and Gatiss have inspired a generation filled with it), I am a little rusty with my smut but I will do my best if you suggest it!
He was easily dragged down to Sherlock’s lips while his hands fumbled to undo their trousers, and dragged them down to join the rest of their clothing. Hands continually dragged him back to the safety and comfort of his lover’s lips as their hips met each other, causing breathy moans to escape them and fall into the other’s mouth.
He let out a short breath as his head buzzed with unanswered questions, maybe it would be possible to ask Sherlock once he saw him again. The thought itself made an unnoticed smile grow on his face as he moved back to clean his desk up to pass the time.
One day, when he comes home, John notices he's not using his tail as much as he usually does and he's just holding it still and he realizes he's broken it and then comes all the comforting him and doting on him like a mother hen and then Sherlock finally lets John do whatever he wants to bring his tail back to working order and then there's a mentions-of-smut part which wasn't explicit and then the post-sex cuddling.
“Sherlock, you know your voice is such a low octave that I can’t hear you when you do that. What did you say?”
He allowed his eyes to close for just a moment as his hand continued its own ministrations, the idea of what had caused such a predicament wormed its way into his thoughts as the vision of sinfully full lips and stunningly angled features were the first to come to mind.
Lestrade’s smile grew as he placed a hand on his shoulder and led him to the door. Both of them pulled it open to witness the crew just standing around, seeming unsure of what to do with themselves now that their captain was missing.
John was left inside the quiet room to his own thoughts as he undressed and laid down underneath the covers. Why had Greg reacted when he commented on using Holmes’ Christian name? Nothing on this ship made sense to him as he attempted to fall asleep. Finding it easier than usual as there were no drunken men falling on his bed in the middle of the night, no sounds of them touching themselves to the thought of the last girl they’d met in port, just the sound of the gentle waves hitting the side of the ship as he drifted off to sleep.
John couldn’t help the thankful breath that escaped his throat when he heard the television turn to a commercial. He loved his daughter more than anything, but the programmes she watched were grating to his senses after a certain period of time.
It was now Sherlock’s turn to wake up early that next day, the discussion he had with John the previous night did not sit well with him. He was somewhat relieved that was able to talk to someone he could trust, but he was infuriated above all else at Lestrade for confronting John on something that was certainly none of his business.
Mycroft didn’t dare make a comment on easily the argument was resolved with just a little convincing from John, or with the horrifyingly simple comment of
He slipped the box into his inner coat pocket and signed the payment slip before he began to make his way outside. He was stopped by the same man that he looked over to earlier, except now he could see the faint sight of red, almost dark brown hair that peaked from beneath his hat and the slight sneer that seemed to be the man’s smile.
It would have been in absolute darkness if it were not for the bits of luminescent algae trapped in lanterns he had found in shipwrecks, that sat amongst the clutter of his home and allowed him to do the already tedious task of reading.
He felt a twinge of loss at having to witness his swift and hasty exit until he was greeted with a gentle tap to his shoulder. He grunted and made the effort to stand, his cane irritatingly gripped underneath his digits as he greeted the man behind him with what he hoped to appear as a happy smile.
Mycroft found himself ensconced within the small bubble they had managed to create for themselves to place a blanket over Sherlock’s twitching, jolting tail that did not enjoy the new layer that kept the sweltering heat closer to him.
Victor let out a small sigh and let his hand fall loosely into Sherlock’s own to pull him back to the cave.
I’ve had this in my head for a long time. Post season 4. John is parenting Rosie. He’s in touch with Sherlock but they aren’t living together. Sherlock is lonely and depressed and doing his best to hide it. He relapses and uses drugs. He miscalculates and suffers a stroke and is hospitalised (not total disability, but some impairment enough to require hospitalisation). John is called to the hospital by Mycroft. Sherlock doesn’t want John to see him “diminished”. But John is supportive and non-judgmental and just wants to help Sherlock get better; realising all he has been through and how lonely he has been. Basically it’s a hurt/comfort fic with (a non bossy, non preachy) John moving back into 221b with Rosie and having a chance to redeem himself. Happy Johnlock ending please. And Sherlock recovers. -ShakespearelovedLadyMacbeth
Although neither of them particularly liked the idea of staying in Mycroft’s home, they both were completely drained from the day’s events, and nothing sounded more appealing than a comfortable place to lay down and to sleep for the next twelve to fourteen hours.
He eventually nestled into his bed, the gentle touch of seaweed underneath him and the rhythmic currents that ran over his skin settled his nerves for the next day before he managed drifted off to sleep.
The trek back to John’s room was a continuous and hesitant one that caused him to linger at the bottom of the stairs for some time. The bravery to continue only came when he heard John call for him upstairs.
“Certainly sir.” He slid open the back of the counter took out the bracelet for John to inspect further. The intricate hands were made of a lovely smooth gold, yet the only thing that put him off was the dark, almost jet-black stained gem that the two hands held.
John was pulled away from his writing when gentle fingers ran through his hair, and the light brush of lips met his jaw.
The both of them had never been more thankful for the abrasive feel of the blankets to keep them warm as John pressed kisses into his lover’s ivory tinted skin, letting his hand trail down his stomach to take both of them in hand. Letting a small smirk claim his expression at the lovely moan that escaped Sherlock’s mouth. he quickly moved to kiss him, regretfully muffling the sweet noises he made as he began to stroke them both in hand.
“No, Daddy!” she answers with an air of injured innocence. “Papa told me to ask you, and to be sure to include the bit about it being a special family day, because then you’d be more likely to say yes!”
Sherlock walks towards him, looking him straight in the eye, and, as always, a shiver runs down John’s spine. It’s been over a year since they took the step from being friends to being more, being
He, the one who's always protected him, has turned against him in violence. That says something, doesn't it? Something about Sherlock. He's
The vibrations of my ribcage beneath him make him bounce up and down a little, which makes me laugh even more, but then I see the hurt in his eyes and stop.
," he tries to explain. "Rosie… What if--- what if it was Peter? What if you were both old, and the kids had their own families, and you knew that each day without him would only bring despair and heartache and slow decay? What would you do?"
I shiver and incline my head to see myself beginning to leak, and I know he’s seen it too when he hums and reaches down to dip his index finger into the transparent drops of moisture collecting at my tip. Very slowly, he then lifts his hand to his mouth to lick my essence off his own skin.
John and Rosie walk through the door of 221B Baker Street to find the windows open wide and Sherlock busying himself with an experiment. This is nothing out of the ordinary, of course—by now, John is used to entering the flat to see Sherlock engaged in activities of all sorts; usually involving poisonous substances, or exotic weapons, or dangerous clients, or all of the above. This particular one involves a Bunsen burner and several beakers containing murky liquids in varying shades of green—some of which emit tiny clouds of foul-smelling vapour. John doesn’t usually think twice about something as seemingly benign as chemistry, though, even if he is quite certain that it isn’t remotely child-safe.
“It’s okay. It’s okay, Sherlock.” I sit up as well, feeling strangely empty, already missing his presence inside of me. He completed me, and now he’s gone again. “We’ll get through this, Sherlock. Okay?”
He buries his face in his hands and hides himself from the darkness of his own bedroom, ashamed for allowing sentiment to take him,
“Oh!” Sherlock hiccups, and John looks up to find him staring at him out of eyes that are glazed over with lust. He grins and does it again, and Sherlock’s legs tremble in response. “That’s--- oh,
John is licking and kissing down his ribs now, murmuring words of praise into his skin, and as his still half-hard cock slips out of his body Sherlock feels the ghost of his presence inside himself and memorises the sensation. No one else will ever occupy this space again.
When they kiss, he can taste the sweetness on John's lips mingle with his own unique flavour and drowns in it.
"I can make it quick if you like," he breathes against Sherlock's quivering lips. "Or I can draw it out… make you beg a little… make you
John wonders if they'll ever make up for all the words they never said, but then Sherlock gently bites down on his bottom lip and slides his whole front against his side, and John sinks into him, the only thought left inside his brain being that this is real, and that it's going to be alright.
. Because he's always known he would. Because his life has been revolving around Sherlock ever since they met for the very first time, and he can't escape, regardless of how much he hates it.
His voice is muffled, and he sounds so small that John forgets that his own cock is still hard and very much demanding of some sort of release - and soon. He puts his arms around Sherlock and rocks him in his embrace, hip lips planting feather-light kisses on his head.
Sherlock smiles and takes another sip of whisky. John watches his lips touch the rim of the glass and imagines them sliding against his own mouth, so plush and silky and maybe slightly cool, that perfect Cupid’s bow slipping between his lips in a slow, sensuous kiss.
"I love you. I forgive you," Sherlock whispers, swallowing against the tears rising up inside him, and kisses his temple, then his cheek. "I love you, John. Oh God. I love you so much."
He knows it's normal that this first, frantic desire eventually developed into something else, something calmer and deeper, and that, after a few years of being together, they slowly established more of a routine - carefully perfected, guaranteed to please and give satisfaction. And they still sleep with each other, albeit not as often as they used to. He still enjoys sex with John.
- with regard to physical appearance. I am short and rather square-built, and I have lost much of my former fitness due to being wounded in the war and falling ill shortly afterwards. My scar is not pretty to look at, either. Nevertheless, he seems to see something in me that no one else has ever seen before, judging from the way he takes me in and runs his palms, almost reverently, over every inch of skin he can reach, and I feel equal parts embarrassed and flattered to be the sole focus of his attention now.
“That’s what is hidden everywhere inside this room. In the living-room. The bathroom. That’s what I’ve been taking to try and forget you. To be able to… function. I’m sorry. I’m so ashamed. I can’t look at you right now.”
Sherlock allows the tears to come then, because he just doesn't have it in him to both say all this and simultaneously command his body to keep up its composure. He's simply not strong enough. He doesn't think John will make out the wet trails on his cheeks, not from this distance.
He slows down a bit and licks along the inside of the other man’s upper lip, his own lips feeling the shape of that gorgeous Cupid’s bow, and he marvels at how nature surpassed itself when it created this extraordinary beauty. Then the tip of Sherlock’s tongue is there, nudging him, and he smiles into their connection and opens his mouth to give him more room to explore. Their tongues finally meet, rubbing against each other, and the touch causes sparks to sizzle down John’s spine. Warmth is pooling in his stomach and slowly trickling down to settle in his loins.
Still trying to grasp the scope of what has just happened, I shake my head in amazement and look at her, hoping my gratitude will show on my face.
He's put on his coat and scarf before he even realises that he's moving, and it's so easy to reach for his gloves and take that last step across the threshold.
Sherlock’s hands are clasping the back of John’s neck, sometimes straying towards his head to restlessly ruffle his hair. His cock, still slicked up from before and so,
He's been wondering about that for a while, but he never expected he'd ever pluck up the courage to ask.
"I'll stop if you keep the beard," I say against his fingertip, then take it between my teeth for a moment to bite him playfully.
When his head has cleared a bit, he sees that John is already making his way out of the door. Before he's all the way outside, he turns around and looks at Sherlock one last time.
– and John, keeping their faces nose to nose because he can't bear the idea of separating just yet, slips his right hand between them to nudge Sherlock's opening with the tip of his middle finger.
Then he hears it. There's a half-creaking, half-shuffling sound that's coming from above, like light footsteps on old wooden floorboards, and, suddenly awake, John jumps a little.
Sherlock's Adam's apple bobs up and down and he pierces John with a look that sets his whole body on fire.
And then Eurus appeared on the scene, and he found out what had become of Victor, and he got John back all of a sudden just to almost lose him again right away.
After drying himself, he examines his arm and decides that stapling will be enough. He's thankful for that – he's had to do real stitches only twice so far, but it's an experience he'd rather not repeat all too often.
"You can change your mind," he tells him, his palms resting on the backs of his thighs. "We can stop."
“I know they didn’t find him. Mycroft told me. I have no idea, John. Maybe there was another person up there with us and I simply didn’t notice. Or they came and got him out of there while everyone was busy with me.”
Eventually he gets up, goes to the bathroom to dispose of the condom, and then returns to the bedroom to put on his clothes.
"Come," John whispers, his ocean eyes boring into Sherlock's with such intensity that he forgets how to breathe, how to think, how to stand upright and not fall to his knees in front of him. "Don't go. Come with me. Come upstairs with me."
it, but before I am there, before I can close the distance between our faces completely, Holmes raises a trembling hand and puts it onto my shoulder to hold me in place. He is breathing fast and shallowly and his irises have turned into brilliant, bottomless pools of icy blue.
And then he bends down for a thorough kiss that turns sloppy when he starts to move again, faster this time, and harder,
Time flies past after that, and suddenly it's ten o'clock in the evening and they are alone again. John randomly tidies up some of the mess they've made during the day, his head full to bursting and completely empty at the same time, but when he realises what he's doing, and that it isn't what he
Sherlock looks at him silently, taking in what he's heard while licking salt off his lips. He doesn't know what to say. One minute passes, then two. How could he have missed all this? Could he have helped John to come to terms with what he perceived as his dirty, terrible secret? Should he have tried to investigate when he noticed that John was hiding something, something important lying in his past?
” Sherlock presses out through clenched teeth and bucks against John’s finger, his hands shooting up to grip the headboard of his bed. “
… You're stunning…" John murmurs, and from this angle it's more difficult to find Sherlock's prostate, but he manages, and when he does, he teases it with gentle, barely-there nudges and caresses until Sherlock sobs and begins to shiver once more.
I come, my lower body bucking upwards and off the bed, my hips thrusting into thin air, and spill myself over my chest and his sheets. I’m shaking all over, and as I moan in time with the waves pulsing through my body I hear him climax, too. He sobs, then barks out my name along with an animalistic groan that I want to,
John stares at the place where he saw Sherlock's pale, wide-eyed face a second ago, gleaming dots swimming across his vision and painting a negative of the outline of his curly head onto his retinae.
“Would you like some more?” he asks, although he already knows the answer, but it delights him so to hear Sherlock speak.
"Sherlock and I fell out with each other over your mother's death, and over his relapse, but… I think even if she hadn't done what she did--- I mean to say---" He bites his tongue. He can't tell her that Mary shot Sherlock, that she almost killed him. He just can't. She doesn't need that fact weighing on her soul – it would change nothing if she knew. "Even if she hadn't died, we would have separated eventually. It probably would have happened later, because I wouldn't have left her caring for you on her own, but--- I loved him the whole time. I did everything to hide it, from myself and from him and from the rest of the world, but it would have happened either way. I'm--- I'm lucky it wasn't too late when I realised."
"I love you, Sherlock. I forgive you. You did it for me, for all of us. Please forgive me too, for not seeing that when you needed me to. I was blind, and stupid, and self-absorbed. I--- wasn't worthy of you, your friendship, back then. You were loyal. I wasn't."
John huffs. Then he shrugs, his hand sliding behind Sherlock's head to push a curl behind his ear. Sherlock feels like he should say something more, ask John what will happen tomorrow, next week, next month, but he's speechless and weak and just wants to give in to it all and go along with whatever it is that John wants to do.
Then John is suddenly gone, and Mary too, and there's no stage and no dancefloor anymore – it's all just black. And empty. He's all alone now.
" John is half shouting now, his breath laboured and ragged against Sherlock's skin. "Wanted this---
“Tomorrow’s a school day,” he reminds her, trying for a stern tone and knowing full well that he’s going to give in. She’s too sweet, and the day has been too perfect, and he’s high on his loved ones being happy and on being utterly happy himself. “I don’t want any fuss when I come and wake you up.”
His penis twitches in my hand and he shivers, and I squeeze his base for a few seconds before letting go of him completely. He makes a pitiful sound and slaps the mattress with his hands.
Sherlock swallows audibly, and for a brief moment, the apprehension in his eyes is back. But he does as John says and spreads his legs so that John can move between them.
"What's that?" he asks sharply, and Sherlock knows that he's seen it. He was too upset, too lost in his thoughts – he wasn't careful enough this time.
“Sherlock… it will get better. I know it will. It’s all still so fresh now, and you’re weak… but I know you’ll get through it.
I have to identify the body, and I’m glad that Molly is in on the plan – she doesn’t even show me the corpse, but just fills in the forms and has me sign them. Afterwards, we sit together for a while, not talking much. She holds my hand. Sweet Molly.
They’re standing much too close now, so close that Sherlock can hear John swallow after taking a sip, and to occupy himself he gets a mug for himself, too, forgetting that a half-empty cup is waiting in the sitting room, right next to his laptop, getting cold.
He thinks he could probably get an erection thinking about those eyes, and briefly debates going to the bathroom and try, but then doesn't. He's scared that the release he's hoping for will only make it worse.
"Tell me who it is," she says when he has calmed down and blown his nose. She's stopped touching him. "Is it someone from work?"
Sherlock attempts to answer, but then someone knocks on the door downstairs, and a few seconds later they can hear Mrs Hudson call out for them.
John's mind is racing. It's true – Sherlock behaved like a prick when he came back, and John was dumbfounded by it. It made him furious to be treated like that, especially since it had taken him so much time and effort to eventually move on after a long, strenuous period of grief and despair. However, that still doesn't justify his reaction.
"Of course," he answers. "I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I’ll go and prepare breakfast, okay? You can--- You’ll have some time on your own, to go back to sleep, or to get ready, or---"
“It’s nothing. Just a few scratches on my back.” Mycroft huffs and mutters something under his breath, but Sherlock talks over him. “I can lie around on my stomach at home, too. And you can monitor the healing process, John. There’s no reason why we shouldn’t take the next flight to London. I happen to know that’s there’s one this afternoon.”
He raises his eyes, and I notice that there are tears mingling with the sweat on his cheeks. I wonder if he’s alright. Was I too rough?
“I don’t know, Sherlock,” I admit. “I really don’t. I’m so sorry.” I cup the side of his face in my palm and caress his cheek. “But you’re not a bad person. You’re fighting for the right thing. Please believe me.”
“One day I’ll take you to France,” I muse, looking at the ceiling. “I’ll book us a suite at a fancy hotel, and we’ll get room service every day and just stay in bed and make love until we’re sore. Loudly.”
Mary doesn't really like the moustache, that's why. She should have told him all along. He would have shaved it off ages ago. For his lover, his soon-to-be wife, he'd do absolutely anything.
I picture him smiling his sly, reptilian smile, steepling his fingers in front of his mouth just like his brother often does. Looking at Sherlock, the gesture makes me envy the fingertips resting gently against his beautiful lips. When Mycroft does it, it only gives me a chill.
But he’s not that young anymore. And Sherlock isn’t, either, which becomes apparent a short while later.
He shakes himself out of it and pulls at John’s shoulders to get him to close the distance between them completely. Everything smells of John, of them together now, the sheets, his pillow, their skin. They've left their imprint on this room, and Sherlock soaks it up and locks it away in his mind to preserve it.
I can feel my body convulsing around his cock as I ride it out, and suddenly his movements become erratic.
Sherlock pulls himself up to his full height and, towering above John, folds his arms in front of his chest.
Hiding his right hand, which is trembling and wants to ball into a fist so badly by now, under the table, John inhales a shaky breath.
, even if I can hardly believe my own eyes. It's need, and trust, and abandon. He's letting go, letting me see it all.
,” he murmurs under his breath as he leans down to collect her bag. He takes one more quick look a the note before folding it up and placing it in his trouser pocket.
They kiss deeply, John quickly getting over his initial surprise, and Sherlock almost forgets to breathe. John is fantastic with his tongue; even without sufficient comparison data he'd be prepared to claim that he's the best, most dedicated kisser in the world – he goes in with all of himself, with his whole body, each and every time, and Sherlock willingly gives himself over to it and allows himself to be plundered. His knees are already weak.
John looks up at that, his beard twitching in a small grin. "Are you aiming for a second round? Because I really
. It’s more than John can take, and he stops teasing him and takes him into his left hand to give him a quick, tight stroke from tip to base. Sherlock's toes curl into the duvet he’s lying on.
Sherlock sobs out a low moan and grabs John's calves, maybe to ground himself, and bucks up and into the touch.
“Okay, shut up, Sherlock, shut up," John says, his tone determined. "The first time we met--- the first time we met, you knew all about my sister, right?”
I pull away and get back into position, and his hardness is pulsing so violently by now that I can feel it twitch against mine.
He gives himself over to it completely, drinks it in, drowns in it, and when he finally reaches the edge and flings himself over it and into the abyss, the endorphin high is so strong that he passes out for a while.
The plane has been wobbling for a while now, and the seat belt signs have been glowing for the past half hour, but John’s feeling alright – as long as the flight attendants are still on their feet, everything is okay.
Later, when she's fallen asleep again, they put Rosie back in her cot and then John takes Sherlock by the hand and leads him to the bathroom, and they shower together and clean themselves up, and John hugs him and holds him very tight.
"Can't be helped. I didn't give you much encouragement to change your mind in the years that followed. I'm sorry, too."
, he thinks, trying to amuse himself when yet another flash of lightning streaks across the bit of purply-black night sky he can see through his window and the following violent bang makes his ears ring.
"Relax, John…" Sherlock murmurs and shuffles around for a bit, probably looking for a comfortable position, and then he's touching John again, with both hands this time, massaging his buttocks with slow, deliberate movements.
Sherlock doesn't answer, but slides closer ever so slightly, and when his behind comes into contact with John's groin, he realises that he's hard, too. Very,
, but because at first he wasn't sure what was expected of him in return. It turned out that John didn't expect him to say anything at all, but was happy to do the talking for both of them.
They could try to just leave it at this - sex without consequences. No strings attached. “Friends with benefits” - isn’t that what it’s called? Maybe that would give both of them at least a little bit of what they crave.
Something about his tone, and I do not have the words to say what exactly it is, makes me want to walk up to him and put my arms around him and simply hold him, hold him so
flat. It all looks exactly like it did the day he went away, and it all smells like it used to back then, too. Mrs Hudson's baking, the zesty aroma of tea leaves, the papery dryness of the peeling wallpaper, the well-trodden, dusty floorboards. Even a faint hint of Sherlock's aftershave seems to be there, warm, woody, and barely noticeable, but that's probably just his brain playing tricks on him. Sherlock hasn't been around for almost two years now. His scent can't still be here.
Then he licks his lips, slowly, and the sight alone is so sensual that my cock twitches in response. He grins.
Sherlock lies back down and looks at the ceiling, then takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. John knows that the time it took to get ready for this next step has taken the urgent edge off their arousal, at least a little bit, and he wants to get Sherlock back in the mood – he wants him to let go again.
He drops a small lump of sugar into my cup and then stirs, and I watch his jaw work restlessly, as if there is so much more he wants to say, but he somehow cannot find the strength to do so. I am touched by his worrying about my well-being, but he is wrong in thinking that it is he who is responsible for my injury.
At the far end of the room, partly shrouded in shadows, there's a life-sized painting showing a blonde woman wearing a long, black dress. Her eyes are so blue that not even the moonlight can wash them out, and they stir up a confused memory in John, and although he can't get a clear image of what exactly it is that they remind him of, he knows it's something unpleasant. John thinks it's weird that the thing has been put up so close to the floor; he would expect a painting of this size to be displayed above a fireplace or in a large stairwell – somewhere where it can tower over people and impress them with its grandeur.
John chose this of all moments to utter his request. What happened to the urgent, downright frantic desire that brought them here? What happened to John Watson, the seducer?
Sherlock whimpers, and it’s wonderful to hear him do it. He pulls John up a little bit until his mouth is hovering over his cock, which is filling rapidly now. John watches it happen, watches his length stiffen and rise from its resting place to bump against his face, and it’s so sexy and at the same time so sweet to know that he’s the only one who’ll ever witness this, witness
He doesn’t answer, but I can hear him sob lowly – it sounds muffled, like he’s stifling the sounds of his crying with a pillow.
Up and down I bob, faster and faster, with him guiding me more and more vehemently, and then his rhythm turns erratic and his legs twitch against my sides.
He shudders through the aftershocks and swallows down the sick feeling bubbling up in his throat. Then he stops moving. She's gasping for air, but doesn't say anything, and he just rests for a while, still lying on top of her, until his breath is back.
“That was the key element in solving the murder,” Sherlock points out. “We can’t possibly exclude it.”
). He dreamed about shock and fear and Sherlock's arms around his body, about happiness that surpassed anything he'd ever known before, and about the delicate touch of a soft mouth against his own. Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock's pliant lips opening for him, his tongue, so shy and sweet, nudging John's, the low hum of his deep, velvety voice.
He knows it might never come back, but he pushes that thought away to the very back of his mind whenever it rears its ugly head. Most of the time he manages, but today is one of
," John moans and closes his eyes, and Sherlock tilts his head and licks into his hot, slick mouth, his lids sliding shut as well.
A small sigh quite close to his ear startles him out of his musings and he feels the solid weight and warmth of another body shift closer to his own.
“I know you find it hard to talk about these things with me. You don’t have to say anything. It’s just--- I want you to let go when I’m around, okay? Don’t ever hide anything from me. I want to see it all, all the “freaky” stuff, or whatever you consider weird about yourself. I’d never judge you. And if you let me, I’m more than ready to support you in dealing with all those feelings that are confusing you sometimes. I’d--- I’d love it if you opened up to me.”
John watches his daughter try to comprehend what he's telling her and wishes he could make it easier for her, and he feels guilty,
He’s talking fast, and I rub his shoulder and listen. Later, there might be time to say something in return, to tell him that it wasn’t his fault, but I know that that’s only of minor significance right now – he needs to get it out of his head, his heart; it’s like a poison that’s paralysing his soul, and it has to go, to flow out of him, so that he can heal.
I remember holding you, the back of your head leaning against my shoulder, your wet curls tickling my nose. I said I’d never thought you were a cuddler, and you laughed. The whole bathroom vibrated with that sweet, carefree sound your baritone so seldom produced, and I thought that if I had a mind palace, this moment would definitely go in there to be filed away, to be conserved, protected, looked at again and again. I held you tighter then and closed my eyes, and we almost fell asleep.
He misses a beat, but then kisses me back and grips my arse, kneads it slowly. His testicles are already full and drawn up tight, just like my own. They feel so plump, and yet so tender. His chest is heaving. We kiss again, and our tongues entwine even as we pant into each other's mouths.
. The bunks were orderly and neatly folded, with trunks for each man and their personal belongings. Small flickers of light from burning candles on nightstands were their only source of light as John was led to his own bed.
He soon made his way back downstairs and found Sherlock had moved to lay on the couch, His hands rested on his chest while his tail laid limply on his lap.
It was hardly fast enough for him as he watched the sun above him begin to dim further beneath the horizon. John could have already left after waiting so long, what if he decided not to come back after that?
The doctor thought for a moment at what he was getting himself into. Turning against his country to become an outlaw on the open ocean, possibly never returning home without his head on a pike, he could feel the mental agony he was going to give himself and before he could stop, he heard himself say “Alright, I’ll join your crew.”
The man seemed to beam at this news at him being correct, as a quick splash underneath him seemed to signify his legs kicked with happiness. Except… this dock had to be at least eight feet from the water, and unless this man was truly longer than that, there was something going on here.
flat mate told him he was just dreaming and that nothing he was seeing was real. He was not about to sit by and go through that.
It almost felt too quiet as Sherlock ignored John for the rest of the day without so much as a conversation starter during any point to try and break the tension.
“No Sherlock, that’s the issue. I do want to move back in with you. To, to help you recuperate and so you can spend time with Rosie and…”
“It’s just a simple sandwich that many people enjoy with their tea. I brought along some for you to try.”
“Sherlock, I wish I could promise you that all of this is just a bad dream and it will all be fixed when you wake up, but I can’t… But I don’t want you to think that you’ll be left alone in some home to rot away into nothing, I won’t let that happen. We’re um.. We’ll go home together after this, okay?”
“I… I apologise, I shouldn’t have…” His hand began to slip from John’s shoulder, letting it trail down the man’s chest as he wagered whether or not to walk away now and attempt to avoid him for the foreseeable future, when a calloused yet gentle hand was placed along his cheek and he was pulled back to this heavenly embrace between them as their mouths met once again.
By around 9 am, he had read half of the book and had already began to lay bored upon the salt-stained wood as he watched the clouds pass by above him. He enjoyed trying to find the many shapes that they took the form of.
John could not help but recall the way Sherlock’s body had arched into his own when he first sunk his teeth into the pale skin of his shoulder and how tightly he felt his fingers try to dig into his back. If he focused hard enough, he could still feel them there; For a moment, he wondered if such an action between them was how merfolk mated for life, as the marks didn’t seem to leave any time soon.
A small flare of Mycroft’s nostrils gave away the breath he had been holding back from taking as he moved closer to the two.
He must have lost consciousness at some point, as he later woke up to the feeling of a hand resting in his own. The familiar touch of calloused fingers brushing against his, it could have only been one person. The
Sherlock was quiet for a moment; his small pile of fruit was abandoned while his attention was turned to focus on his tail that somewhat drifted in the water.
He looked up the first mate, who was never far from him or Sherlock, and turned his gaze back to Sherlock. “He’s still breathing, but barely. I need to get him back on board.”
John turned to give him an astonished look on his face as it felt fairly odd that Sherlock thought he was not in fact genuinely complimenting him. “Of course, it was. it was absolutely extraordinary.”
“Well son, you should make a full recovery by the end of today.” John smiled to himself as he finished wrapping the new bandages around the young man’s arm, patting the boy’s leg before helping him sit up and allowed him to make his way back to his work.
John stopped his ministrations to stare at him with the most indignant look Sherlock had ever seen on his face since he met him.
Sherlock let out a small chuckle as he continued to play with his hair, and soon pressed a kiss to his lips where John could taste himself on his lips. “Your just tired. Take a nap.”
“…Are you out of your mind? You cannot just drag me into this bar, courteously speak to me for half a minute and then tell me to do something you have no right to meddle in!”
John looked him over under a scrutinizing gaze, only now able to notice the loose fabric of this man's shirt that fit him ever so right, now that it was no longer covered by his jacket. He let out a small sigh as he shook his head at what his mind was deciding to keep prevalent.
He hadn’t realised he closed his eyes until he heard the sound of footsteps once again rattle the ship’s floors. He looked up to see men of all shapes and sizes board the ship with any and every weapon john could think of. To John’s surprise, they didn’t immediately begin running to every person to chop off their hands to retrieve a miniscule piece of jewellery.
He made his way to his office as soundlessly as he could, the lack of glances he received when exiting Sherlock’s cabin gave him some relief as he opened the door into the infirmary and quickly shut it behind him.
The almost pained gasp that came from Sherlock’s throat quickly made John’s hand retreat to the man’s slim hip; this seemed to be a very obvious mistake as Sherlock’s hand quickly found its way to grip his wrist. Their eyes meeting fully for John to see the hungry, burning look in his pale eyes.
“Yes, I’m sure he will be out in a moment. He just has a bad habit of sleeping in late, I’m afraid.”
The warm light of the next morning poured into the room over the two in their lingered sleep, John awoke moments later to a ray of light in his eyes and was greeting with one of the most pleasing sights he had seen in a very long time.
He quietly slipped outside his cabin and looked around deck, it was mostly barren, but he knew Lestrade was always lurking somewhere to work on something.
Mycroft began to extend his arm towards him, and took a rather violent grip on his collar. John knew what he would find there if he pulled away his shirt just far enough down to the side. He would see the light teeth marks Sherlock had left on his neck the previous day that still had not faded, and instead only darkened as the day went on. It was something intimate that was only meant for him and Sherlock to see, and that was not about to change due to some ludicrous offer of a house and money.
He gave John another smile as he made his way out of the room, leaving the door open ajar for John to exit when he liked. The decision to leave later was much more welcoming as John sat on the desk, feeling rather boneless after being practically examined under the heavy gaze of a man who could have easily killed him a good while ago. The thought made the blood drain from his face as the possibility was still very likely, he could do anything to anger the man and he’d be thrown over the ledge of the ship. He needed to be careful around him, not to take risks with his attitude again like he just had.
“next time, don’t think you can’t call me about something like this. We’re a team Sherlock, I don’t want you to think you can’t tell me when you think you need help.”
“Where are you living now, Doctor Watson? The last I heard it was a meager hotel that you eventually will not be able to afford on an invalid’s salary. I can offer you comfort, stability, the luxury of a continuous flow of money without the need to work. All you need to do is sign a document that states you will not see Sherlock again.”
The motion of John’s pistol seemingly falling into place in his hand, as if it was right where it belonged, proved him dreadfully wrong.
While that would have been an unusually pleasant experience to see a familiar face in the wilderness of London, now was not the best time to see the man.
Sherlock let out a gentle hum as he pressed a kiss to John’s cheek before he stood up and made his way to the breakfast table. The dark blue dressing gown that loosely wrapped around him swished in the wake of his movement as he grabbed a piece of toast.
That’s what he thought, until he watched the man’s frantic eyes run over rooftops and he turned, took a few steps back, and jumped.
Carefully, Sherlock turned himself to fully face the man and put on his most convincing contented smile. “do you possibly have a cigarette?”
The two others were still attempting to calm themselves from the previous exertion, as Sherlock removed himself of his coat and shoes. Discarding a few more things that he preferred not to lose before he took a step back, breathed in the cold day’s air, and ran over the old wood past the two men.
Lestrade soon moved his hand away from Sherlock, not allowing the hurt from his comments to show on his face as he quickly attempted to gain his composure. “… you mean the conversation I had with Doctor Watson yesterday.”
It was nearing 10 pm when he drew his tail up to rest underneath his chin and wrapped his arms around himself, as his mind began to run rampant. Had he done something yesterday that caused John not to come? Had he gotten sick from swimming that night? What if giving him a mark was too much for him and he didn’t want to see him again? A sudden crippling feeling began to take over that he had never felt before, a sinking emotion that could only be described as the complete loss of hope.
He may have also grabbed the guard’s stash of cigarettes and stuffed them in his own coat, just in case he needed them later.
“Would you like some tea? I’m sure today must not have been easy what with a woman going into labour in your office and another doctor calling sick…”
“Why do you keep saying that? I’m not apart your crew, even if you didn’t just drag me off my ship and possibly murdered most of my crew mates, what makes you think I’d be so easily persuaded just like that?”
The light wade through the dark water hardly allowed for John to drift from Sherlock, as just a light brush against his foot from some kelp or a fish that couldn’t see him caused him to grip onto Sherlock tighter. He hardly minded though, as he only held John closer to him.
Sherlock remained at the side of the boat, gazing through the scope as he watched Mycroft order the men about to sail towards their ship. He nearly dropped the scope into the ocean when he ducked down at the sight of Mycroft looking almost directly at him.
John could hardly exit the coach fast enough; a random toss of money was thrown to the cabbie as he sprinted inside and hovered by the lobby door until he saw the man drive off.
“What do you mean is that all? I did what you wanted, I told you how I felt about him. Isn’t that enough?”
Important- If anyone has contacted me for a request or just some comment that you left on this story around June 4th, do let me know. I must say this as my inbox told me that a had a message, but when I opened it, there was no new message there. I do not if it was just a glitch or if I truly did miss a message. If you did send me a message on June 4th or after that and I didn't answer please try to message me about this.  If I still don't answer then we have a more serious problem. I also say this due to the lack of submissions that i've received, due to the fact that I can't seem to tell whether or not if someone messages me.
Sherlock had to let out a groan as he attempted to swim past him, but he was blocked with every attempt he made.
The two stayed quiet as Sherlock examined the scar with increased intensity, finding that the man muttered underneath his breath while taking mental notes of it. The sensation of his breath against his skin finally became too much and he had to turn away from the man red-faced, leaving Sherlock to stare at his back in the darkness.
That managed to get a slight smile from Sherlock even through their argument, even through his supposed rage, that smile still managed to soften John in ways he hated and adored all at once. it was enough for Sherlock to know that John’s anger had rather subsided for the moment. He took this opportunity to lean in and pressed a hesitant kiss to his lips, hoping that would deplete the last of his irritation with him.
“Oh, yeah that would be fine. They’ll likely try and make me sleep that long so that won’t be much time wasted.”
I feel that I should explain the way these marks work as they can get a little confusing. These marks are somewhat similar to the ones you would find in an ABO universe, although they serve a larger purpose than to mark that the two are exclusively together. It's more emotionally based so if one were to feel very strongly in one way, it would influence the other as they could feel whether their partner feels love, lust, anger, sadness, etc. Hopefully that helped a little as I feel I can never quite get the intention through with these things in just my writing.
make with every languid touch he wanted to give to him. the slow and doting moments in bed between the two of them when nothing else outside the four walls their room mattered and they could spend hours together, or a quick and fervent moment alone together when they had no other time and they had to rush to finish one another off before someone came to look for them.
John soon raised his head from his journal when he heard the already familiar sound of men finishing their shift and heading for dinner. John contemplated not going and avoiding the awkward introduction of him like last night, but ultimately decided he should ask how Sherlock’s hand was healing.
He glanced over when Mycroft let out a sigh and stood up from the dock, a light touch to Sherlock’s shoulder signaled he was leaving, and he had hardly moved ten steps away from Sherlock when he turned back to him.
