Sherlock closed his eyes in gratitude for this chance to be here. So many points of mischance that could have robbed him of just this moment in the night. One Watson tucked peacefully asleep upstairs, while the other kept Sherlock company in his nightly vigil. Snow blanketed round the Baker Street flats. Waiting for the morning to dawn on a day that would bring change and perhaps..something new to all their lives.
"Yes, Papa."
Sherlock had decided that what he could do was to speak through his violin. To share with John the transcendence he had felt in Romania. Longing for him. Encompassed in a taste of home when he was so lost. The music surely could say what he could not.
The film rolled on. John's body softened. He found his hand on Sherlock's leg again, safely shielded by the polite barrier of the blanket this time. John allowed himself not to think about it.
It was clear that is what they both were. Despite their miles-deep, ongoing denial of this fact.
Sherlock stilled. John felt his own heart beat rapidly. His hand tightened where it lay on Sherlock's hip, until John realized what he was doing. He loosened his grip and retracted his arm, laying it stiffly along his own side. His body an awkward burden of a sudden.
She pulled back out through the door again.
A pang struck John, some shadowed fraction of the pain he'd felt those years ago outside Bart's. Echoed into remembrance of Mary sitting in this room between them, Sherlock still reeling from the bullet she'd put in him.
Nearby, Rosie giggled brightly from Mrs Hudson's lap. They sat together with Sherlock on the couch. The gregarious child beamed under the joint attentions of two of her favorite people. Age-lined hands held her gently upright. Sherlock played peek a boo. He sent Rosie into peals of laughter interspersed with long, quiet suspenseful moments.
Quick note: I AM working on a totally serious S4 rewrite where Mycroft is the one who aired the Moriarty footage and has to deal with the fallout (although I don’t see myself beginning to write it before May next year). This is just for Halloween.
“Honest mistake.” Mary wiped the blood off her finger and detached the silencer from the muzzle, completely unaffected. “I lean towards the left whenever I’m shooting someone I know... At least he suffered.”
And another ping:
It took fifteen minutes and a whole lot of grunts and hisses for Sherlock to narrate the list of Jim’s physical attacks and sleep disturbances, down to each incident and the exact timing. He reported the static when Jim communicated with him on the first day, the continuous spikes and drops in temperature, the bloody message, being woken up at 3 am every night, the scratches on his personal belongings and the stink of rotten flesh and the injuries he sustained thereafter.
“What about Rosie?”
“I-I can’t stay, Mr Holmes,” Spaulding chuckled uncomfortably. “Now, where were we? Right, the process of possession. First, communication...”
Spaulding glanced up at Sherlock and Mrs Hudson expectantly, as if anticipating a laugh on a bad pun, but Sherlock didn’t find anything remotely witty or funny.
Sherlock’s bruises never seemed to heal, and if John had really been living with him, that wouldn’t have been the case.
“I can hear your thoughts too,” Sherlock let out an involuntary yawn and brushed past Jim, “so if you touch my jar of octasulfur, I’ll know.”
“I-I’m his... his only friend,” Sherlock tried to croak, and Mary sniggered in response.
Thankfully, all Sherlock could think was, ‘I need morphine’.
“No, s... stand back!”
“A break?!
(buzz) ...
The client sitting in front of Sherlock—an elderly lady with silver hair, who’d already formed solidarity with Mrs Hudson during her struggle up the stairs of 221B—looked scandalised. At least, that was what Sherlock thought she looked like, even though Sherlock couldn’t figure why. Was this an age thing? Perhaps, John would have more input on the nuances of human facial expressions.
“Be nice,” John tutted, migrating to the sofa, away from Sherlock’s heated glares. Mrs Hudson looked rather harassed.
The newcomer was indeed a lawyer. His carpal tunnel was progressing nicely, and his business cards were numerous and placed in the inner breast pocket of his jacket for quick retrieval and distribution to potential clients. He clearly had a dictaphone in the other pocket, the sort lawyers used to capture meeting notes in their car after said meeting was over. Which also meant he was a solo practitioner who went to clients instead of inviting them over to his cramped office with no secretary or paralegal to take notes for him.
But one day, in a moment of negligence, John saw it. And before Sherlock could stop him, John had reached out and touched them like he hadn’t touched Sherlock in a hundred years. His caress was so feathery, so alluring, so intensely, burningly hot it caused Sherlock to stagger backwards because
“Maybe you should use a thermometer,” Sherlock growled in a feeble show of annoyance, growing pinker with every second John’s fingers lingered on his sensitive skin and his skittish pulse.
“—rendering you psychologically acquiescent and We. Don’t. Want. That. So, bottom line, medical supervision is a must, and do NOT take any psychoactive drugs or painkillers in case you think you’re safe because of the cease-and-desist. You’re NOT! The cease-and-desist is a temporary measure meant to buy us more time, and when it expires, any drugs in your system will leave your mind vulnerable. Fight through the pain, if any. Not even sleeping pills, just to be safe, alright? Nothing that alters the mind. This is a battle for your soul now. Got it?”
did not happen!” Sherlock snapped back. Spaulding laughed despite the situation.
But before he could verbalise them, Spaulding rose to his full height and began inspecting the living room, particularly the fallen headphones.
“Look at the poor baby,” Moriarty teased, kicking Sherlock in the abdomen with an almost bored expression on his face. “He’s trying to understand why all this is happening.”
Sherlock felt for the standing hairs tickling the nape of his neck. The voice was real; it rang in his ears like gales howling off the cliff-dotted coast of Scotland. What was the mechanism for this absurd telepathy? Did they bury a chip in his head during his period of detention for Magnussen’s murder? Was he being monitored? Was this Mycroft? Could John hear this voice too?
“Surprise, motherf—ow!”
“Been there, done that. Can’t do that anymore.”
Things kept falling around Sherlock all the time, and not giving Jim the attention he craved only made him all the more desperate. Jim grew bolder by the hour and often resorted to making his presence known to Mrs Hudson and John. While they couldn't see Jim, Mrs Hudson often declared aloud how she felt sudden chills as Jim teasingly blew on her neck to attract Sherlock's attention. This was usually followed by Mrs Hudson remarking, "Did you break the thermostat again?" and Sherlock changing the settings clandestinely so that if she ever checked on the machine, she'd find something to blame and feel nothing was amiss.
Mrs Hudson gave him a sour look, “Now, don’t you get my hopes up!” She gave the washing machine a suspicious look before retreating to the kitchen, “Don’t know what’s got you into a housekeeping mood, but as sure as the sun rises in the east, I know you’ll soon return to your old ways! Till then, I will just enjoy a clean, toxin-free kitchen in my house for as long as I can.”
"I've even got a possession termination contract ready for you!" Jim chucked a roll of parchment towards Sherlock; it went straight through him into the commode, "I will stop telling you to kill yourself if you just sign this and sell me your soul. It’s that easy!"
John’s shampoo.
The real John—who had refused to believe that Sherlock had seen a demon hound in Dartmoor until he was faced with incontrovertible proof—would never have called a priest, or a demon law specialist, or even have entertained the possibility of demonic possession.
There was no answer from John. Sherlock bit back a choked sob, knowing it was time to stop fighting and give in.
That earned her an exasperated sigh from John. “Mrs Hudson, you really shouldn’t…”
Sherlock said nothing.
Turned out, John Watson’s skilled hands rubbing the numbing ice on bruises that hurt and burnt at the same time was not an altogether unpleasant sensation. And if being possessed by a demon meant John would lavish Sherlock with his caretaking tendencies then, by all means, possess away.
The text bubble reappeared, indicating Spaulding was typing. Then it disappeared. And reappeared. And it went on like that for another five minutes. Sherlock gripped the phone tighter. What was taking the man so long? Had he hit himself in the head? Was he being held at gunpoint?
Sherlock dodged her, making a beeline for his tea mug, “Why don’t you just bring it up here? That way I wouldn’t have to talk to you. Or John. Or anyone. Ever.”
Once again, big thank you to the wonderful
John looked up from his typing, his expression blissfully blank. Oh, what Sherlock wouldn’t give to find out what John was thinking at that very moment? He’d give away his right hand to find out John’s thoughts. He forced himself to look unaffected but on the inside, Sherlock knew there were at least nine different ways John could respond and he found himself wishing, praying,
“Not ‘pretend’ anymore.” The cold barrel of a gun kissed Sherlock’s temple, making him stiffen at once. His eyes darted sideways to the black trousers and the heavy boots (Boots? Why boots?) and the telltale bark of a seasoned Detective Inspector.
Mr Shadid picks up the rosin. "Take this for example. This lets the violin help you. It sweetens the tone. People who are learning can get a good note more easily. You need to use rosin anyway, so why not use something that will help you enjoy it more?"
Sherlock spoke so quietly John almost missed his answer.
"What are you waiting for? No time like the present to start if she's going to show you up."
The music cut across his nerves for a moment, as Sherlock checked the tuning of the strings. John shook his head again.
Will slides his violin out from beneath his chin, folds it with the bow into the crook of his left arm, and reaches out to put his right hand on the teacher's shoulder. He nods.
A group of adults hovered at the water’s edge. John’s captain’s voice rang out. Calling for space, calling for clean water, a blanket, first aid. Sherlock asked if an ambulance had been summoned and conferred with a panicked parent, keeping him at some small space from John who treated the young patient. Another parent, this one calm and attentive, sat by the side of the girl under John’s care. Holding her hand and speaking soothingly. Several adults lectured the two other shamefaced youths. Those had who lingered to see how their friend might be helped receiving the lecture the absent third likely deserved most richly.
Sherlock shook off the sentiment which had sanctified the moment and smirked at his landlady. "After that little performance this morning? Did you finish picking caterers for my birthday before we left or did you do that for him while we were on the case?"
“Shall we continue after we eat?”
Enjoy your wedding, John. - SH
Assistance may have been identified.  - SH
John glowed. No other word for it. "Really?" The happiness flickered, became unsteady. "Then, my God, when you came back, and I and Mary--"
Tuesday 23:18
Sherlock had said vastly too many words this day. He opened the case and brushed a finger down the hazel belly of his own stately violin.  One more task. It had been the first and would be the last for him in the Herculean labor that John and Mary's wedding had become.
They snuggled and spoke quietly. Warm and easy together.
"So how do you know when to play?"
Sherlock nodded, his eyes haunted. John saw, and went on.
“You’re not old, Papa!”
"Don't mind your Dada, Watson. He's just grumpy because he needs more sleep. Don't you worry," John heard him say as he headed to the kitchen and began deftly snagging baby food jars one-handed. "We'll set him to rights soon enough."
Resourceful as always. Should I be worried?
“Sherlock.”
“Let’s set that aside, Watson. I have another question for you. Whom have you never seen play an instrument?”
“What did you gather, Watson? Aside from the obvious information about your Aunt Harriet.”
Banat
Sherlock cleared his throat. “I believe it was a dare that got out of hand.”
Will's playing is halting at times. Coordinating reading the notes with the bulk of the violin and the movements of the bow sometimes escapes him. Playing with someone else is intriguing and exciting, but off-putting and confusing at the same time. Will grits his teeth each time they must grind to a stop over his limitations. Mr Shadid is uniformly patient and encouraging.
The small face scrunched up. “No, I did see Aunt Clara play the piano at a Holiday Fair when we visited.”
John closed his eyes and took stock. His breathing was accelerated. His hands were clenched. His body felt tense. His mind was blank.
learned but didn't keep doing it. Uncle My can read and play, but he's rude about it."
The moment passed. He put his hand back on Rosie, slowly petting her hair. Nodding and commenting every so often as Sherlock continued. But John touched him only with his eyes, and let just his soft smile caress the man.
"It's nothing. Just what a best man would do."
As he navigated city streets that seemed alien from behind the wheel, he breathed in something fragile. Unformed emotions and a single word,
A sunny classroom is filled with children. They mill and chatter. Violin cases are opened, bows are tightened. Chairs are claimed by parents who wait. The instructor calls to the class in a loud friendly voice, telling them to settle down and take their places.
Mrs. Hudson came close to the girl. “On my way, dear. Just wanted to come say goodbye to you.” Rosie put her arms out and Mrs. Hudson picked her up.
Abandoning his task with Rosie’s clothing, John watched the play of emotion wash across his friend’s body. As Sherlock mastered himself John rose, hoisting Rosie into the air.
Violet Holmes brings them lemonade. Mr Shadid thanks her, Will remains silent. She gives the teacher a gracious but noncommittal smile, then leaves them.
A break. The band members scattered, flirting with attractive audience members, squeezing a hug to mother or spouse, getting a cold one. Sherlock saw his opportunity. The recently rapturous violinist stood in a crush of people waiting for service at the bar. Sherlock raised his untouched glass of beer as an offering. He greeted the wide smile and rapid flow of Romani that came his way with an apologetic phrase first in German, then Romanian. He pointed with his chin to the man's instrument and received a clear invitation to join for an inspection.
"Yes, Daddy."
Oh, and then poor sweet Molly. She'd been wearing her heart on her sleeve for so long for their dear detective. You'd have thought she'd have figured it out by now that his interests just didn't turn in her direction. She'd been a bit jealous of how Sherlock let John in so swiftly. How much he clearly meant to the brilliant fool.
“That means intolerant, doesn’t it? I don’t want to be prejudiced.”
Sherlock lay back on the bed. John lay curled up beside him. Their hands lay tangled together on Sherlock’s chest. And John’s free hand made a lazy journey teasing Sherlock’s curls slowly, over and over.
Bodies shift. Circles bloom. Silken gliding medusa tentacles stretching touching. Glimmer silver into the hemisphere of night. The ancient dance. Sperm travel into the endless. From maw to maw, a spiral path home to the cauldron shell of jelly womb. To percolate. To entwine and become. To burst forth, tarry on the ground, the floor of the mother, the sea.
Sherlock hmph'd but followed John into their living room. "She's seen a great deal more skin than this."
"Of course I'll watch Rosie. You've got a case then?" She pulled a few items from the fridge and cupboard: bottle, apple sauce, juice, a hard boiled egg, teething biscuits. "Has she eaten?"
He appreciated how great a concession this was. John was painfully aware of each moment of contact with his best friend, physical or emotional, and the reluctance that accompanied. It was less pronounced since Sherlock's return, and had shifted even more with his growing bond with Watson, as he invariably called John's daughter.
“Hm. Yes, but the reasons for the dare were..romantically motivated, I think.”
John rotated his shoulder and neck as he wondered whether to push or to let him share as he would.
When the ex-soldier was haunted by phantom pains of body or mind, the signs were immediately apparent to Sherlock's attentive glance. Eye and hand twitched. His body in some capricious pose. A mumbled word or formless phrase. On those nights Sherlock often found a gentle action softened the harsh lines on John's face. A hand on his shoulder. A calm whisper,
. Beneath her touch his shoulders relaxed marginally.
two musical staves, the five lines with notes used in modern staff notation to represent music. The grand stave has both
"I'm happy to help, John."
"On you perhaps, but I'd like to keep some lines in place."
“Ah! Aunt Molly can. She plays the guitar, and Nana Hudson does as well.”
You'll have a baby now, John. - SH
felt it, hadn't he? Hadn't dreamed it? But Sherlock knew from bleak experience how swiftly the heat of a moment could shift to bitterness and self-reproach. He had offered support, then taken advantage of John's vulnerability.
"Well. Yes. I wasn't born that day in the lab when we met, you do realize?"
"If a train is coming, you wait for it to pass. If there's nothing there, and if an adult says it is safe, then you can cross. It's like that in the music with the caesura."
Until the past few days.
Sherlock swayed slightly. He'd said it more than once since that moment earlier, but it was still a spare handful of times that he'd heard John call him 'love.' He didn't anticipate being calm about it any time in the near future. His bruised heart glanced away from imagining himself saying the word. But something in him warmed at the suggestion of it on the horizon.
Sherlock straightened his legs and slid down in his chair. He steepled his hands.
Some nights when Sherlock picked up Watson, John would be dead to the world. Despite lightening his work load, he still worked at the clinic and was training up a replacement. Those days when patient interviews and the dressing of wounds coincided with pacing Sherlock to follow down leads or a challenging day with young Watson, John would sink down. A blunt weight on his narrow bed.
Licking his lips, John tore his eyes from the detective's full, tantalizing mouth. He concentrated and shook his head. "We both could stand to take it in. I'll try to stop being an arse now."
. Neacșu is accompanied by a Cimbalom player. See this video of Taraf de Haïdouks performing that inspired the descriptions of the concert in this chapter:
Young Watson was the ideal audience. Uncomplaining with his repetition. In fact, her young mind thrived on repeated cycles of words and games and activities. Soaking up the patterns upon which she would build her sense of the world. Already he thought of a subset of his repertoire as
Many hours later, a raft of people including Molly and Mycroft had been and gone. Mrs. Hudson’s living relatives had been notified. A key had been provided and an hour had been appointed for the funeral director’s staff to collect her remains. There was nothing more for Sherlock or John to do.
Sherlock, scratched his nose to hide a smile. He stood, hefted his violin and began to play the wedding waltz again quietly.
A hand touched his shoulder gently. Looking over at Sherlock's face he was surprised by the shadow of contrition he found there. John released the breath he'd been holding. His raised shoulders slumped. Running a hand through his hair, he shrugged at his flatmate then pushed the play button with a lax thumb. His friend was right. He was neglecting himself. But somehow John couldn't be arsed to care.
“Deal with Mr Holmes first!” She growled, and Sherlock felt his body shudder as both John and Mrs Hudson cradled his head, feeling his brow. Spaulding did not look like he was particularly interested in joining the two of them in examining Sherlock’s physical state.
“Sherlock, the man was ridiculous!” John’s face went a botched crimson, nostrils flaring dangerously, “H-he’s a money-grubbing ambulance chaser! His last words were ‘I’ll invoice you’ before he ran out of the house like a bleeding coward. He-he was clearly deluded!”
Something else caught Sherlock’s attention, and his eyes flickered to the man on his left. Even in his state of confusion and dizziness, Sherlock could tell it was their visitor: ‘the lawyer’—Vince-something. To Sherlock’s annoyance, the lawyer was inspecting him curiously with his beady, insect-like eyes.
"I'm fine," Sherlock hissed, trying to push John away, retreating into his bedroom. But, before Sherlock could swing the door closed, John had magically made his way into Sherlock’s bedroom and laid waste to all plans of ignoring John and throwing silent fits in the privacy of his room.
Sherlock smirked despite himself. Roughing up witnesses just before they gave testimony was exactly Moriarty’s thing while he was alive. “Do you mean to tell me that ‘unsuccessful’ clients were overpowered by the demon?”
“Minimal.”
“Mr Spaulding!” John and Mrs Hudson roared in unison, “Shut up!”
Despite managing his first decent (even if pill-induced) night’s sleep in a long while, Sherlock had felt wearier than ever when he woke at six am. But his head felt clear, with no constant nudging towards suicide, and no sign of mind games from Moriarty, so Sherlock counted that as a blessing.
“I will not need a medical professional all the time,” he declared curtly. “I’m just as capable of ticking off generic symptoms as any doctor. Anything specialised, we can refer to John.”
Sherlock opened the fridge. It didn’t contain body parts anymore. Just food, perishables, items that belonged in a normal fridge. The last item that could’ve irritated John were the packets of infected blood, which had to be thrown away because Moriarty kept emptying them in his futile attempts to frighten Sherlock.
“Moriarty was obsessed with Sherlock during the final years of his life,” John said, “Makes sense he’d latch onto him in the afterlife.”
Sebastian grabbed Sherlock by the jaw, leering at him, but it wasn’t the well-dressed, disdainful banker Sherlock was familiar with. This was Seb from his uni years, white shirt and blue jeans and years younger and with the same lion tattoo as that on the Serbian torturer's right forearm. The Seb whose laughter had always stung, followed him around, in his rooms, in the halls, in the—
"Kill yourself."
“I... I won’t... I won’t tell John...”
Spaulding frowned. “W-which question?”
John pulled out his phone and shoved the screen in both Sherlock’s and Mrs Hudson’s faces. Missed call after missed call to Sherlock.
“No, Mrs Hudson. Just lemon and honey, as usual!” John let go of Sherlock’s hand with a groan, scrambling to his feet, “Actually, you know what? I’ll just go tell her. Her hearing’s gone bad these days. Gotta check up on Rosie too… You’ll be okay for a while, yeah?”
A text chimed in his pocket and Sherlock, out of breath from the sudden exertion, wiped his mirror clean and retrieved his phone to check it.
“Yours was a dream, dear,” Mrs Hudson said to John as happily as she could manage. “It was the pie that took a large chunk of my time.” She adopted a conspiratorial look, leaning closer to John as if confiding a secret. “Do you remember how much of a gourmet Sherlock is?”
But before John could reply, Mrs Hudson, who had been napping in a chair next to Sherlock’s bed, woke with a start. Sherlock nearly flinched backwards in shock at her sudden appearance. How had he not noticed her before now?
Sherlock furiously fought the blush creeping into his face. “Doesn’t matter. He’ll probably just cancel. Again.”
“John?”
Safe to say, Sherlock did not have a lot of faith in Spaulding’s weird words. Although everything the man had said had come true, and he seemed as legitimate as someone could under the circumstances, his attitude made him seem untrustworthy. Sherlock viewed everything through the lens of crime-solving, and he knew very well that money (along with other baser emotions such as love, jealousy and vengeance) was a prime motivator in crimes and betrayals. And he knew John and Mrs Hudson wholeheartedly agreed with him on that point.
He was fine. Right? John said he was fine, and John was a doctor, so he must be fine.
When Sherlock woke up the next morning, he found nine dead, thumbtack-size spiders on his bed arranged in a heart shape, with 'hi' written in blood on his sheets once again. The penmanship had improved over the course of the night, progressing from a two-year-old to a five-year-old level.
And without another word, the lawyer hung up. On Sherlock. Hung up on
"—way to make me kill myself!"
The panicked shout tore Sherlock out of sleep with all the subtlety of a bullet in the chest. Parts of his bedroom swam into focus: the dim light of the bedside lamp, his dresser, the blue screen of a phone being waved in his face. John’s voice was gone, replaced by a feminine and frail one, underlined with the strength and steadfast determination of a long-suffering landlady. Sherlock’s heart was racing, his breathing ragged and shallow, but at least there was no one standing on his chest and no long-nailed fingers clawing at his wounds. And he could breathe again. Oh God, he could breathe...
(buzz)
Spaulding smiled graciously and started down the steps before he turned around, mouthed ‘invoice’ at Sherlock and left quickly. Sherlock shot Mrs Hudson a sharp look, thrusting the glass in her hands.
“Oh, John,” he mumbled, his jaw slightly numb. “Hullo.”
With a grunt, Sherlock surrendered his wrists reluctantly. John slithered onto Sherlock’s bed, crossing the chasm of furniture between them. He held Sherlock's wrist with the same tenderness with which he always handled any wounds Sherlock had gathered over the course of his tumultuous career. John's fingers trailed across one fingerprint, rough and calloused, and pain shot into Sherlock’s flesh, making him nearly yank his arm back.
But the words died in his mouth when he looked up and saw that she had taken advantage of the distraction of the falling glass to swipe the papers out of a stunned Spaulding’s hands. Sherlock let out a defeated sigh as Mrs Hudson flipped through the pages of the contract. That woman would be the death of him someday.
John licked his lips testily, his eyes narrowing at the two of them as if trying to psychoanalyse them both, but he finally allowed himself a smile so small and charming that it made Sherlock’s heart melt despite the situation. “Maybe Sherlock could form a queue behind Rosie.”
“Dr Watson couldn’t be here this morning,” Sherlock answered curtly before Spaulding even had a fat chance at being one of those rare souls with the privilege of completing a sentence in Sherlock’s presence. “He had…” Sherlock faltered. “He had some things to sort out at his old place.”
“What I’m saying is, Moriarty will do all sorts of things to get Mr Holmes’ attention again. So, it’s imperative that he completely ignores Moriarty in my absence. Remember, Mr Holmes, you and he exist on separate dimensions. Ghost him. No touching, no talking, no acknowledging or doing stuff together. Once you begin to destabilise the communication channel, these two will begin to grow apart, and that’s when Moriarty will finally be ready to negotiate a divorce in good faith... By divorce, I mean a ‘possession-termination’ contract, not a ‘divorce’ divorce, obviously.”
“That is the problem, Mrs Hudson. He tells me nothing and leaves me to do all the worrying!” John tossed his fork into the plate which fell with a loud clatter. “I have Rosie now, yes, so maybe I can’t be at his immediate summons but I do call him constantly, Mrs Hudson!”
“Move.” Mrs Hudson took over the tea-making. “Mr Spaulding believes John is keeping you under observation. That’s a lie.”
John frowned. “Back?”
“I don’t know what you think of yourself, Mr Holmes,” the client rose from her chair indignantly, “All they say about you is hyped-up nonsense! Such a waste of my time!”
Jim fell silent at that, and the vacuum that ensued in his ears felt like tinnitus, making Sherlock groan in desperation. Though his methods were amateurish, Jim evidently knew which buttons to push, because Sherlock couldn't deny that his urge to kill himself just to escape this irritating, hellish nightmare was rising.
"I'm a doctor. Let me see," John said for the hundredth time since Sherlock had known him, maintaining the same even tone Sherlock
“Of course, it does!” John grumbled, still standing over Sherlock like a guardian angel, “He-he made simple things complicated. Things that could be said with three words or a simple... touch, the lawyer wanted to draft contracts and subsections and hundred-page appendices to express those and I... I didn’t like that.”
Before Sherlock could react, her grip on his collar slackened, and he realised that her wrist was still aching from where he had grabbed her violently last night. Mrs Hudson let out a soft sob and buried her face in his chest, shaking slightly.
TW: PTSD manifesting in a nightmare
needs a break. She needs some quiet.”
. They’d left things on a good note. Their progress would be as slow as a tortoise’s crawl, but it
John’s smile was polite as he went along with Mrs Hudson’s pretension of normalcy. The fact that Mrs Hudson, of all people, was pretending like nothing was wrong was dubious at best. If anything, she was the kind of woman who beat up normalcy like a piñata and then laughed as everybody else watched in horror.
Sherlock nodded, eyes still shut in case it all turned out to be a dream. “Yes.”
“A glass? Really? Shame on you, Mrs Hudson!”
“Don’t need him now that we’ve got a real baby on the way,” Mary smirked, cocking the gun. “Look at you, Sherlock. So brave. So pathetic. Do you want to sleep, Sherlock? Remember sleep?”
John lowered his eyes. He was clearly growing more and more uncomfortable by the minute with Mrs Hudson’s not-so-subtle bribes-in-guise-of-reminders about the cosy life at 221B. “I understand, Mrs Hudson, but I need...
Moriarty offered. John retracted his caressing fingers at once.
“J-John?” Sherlock spluttered, frowning at the absurdity. The spider, the web, it evoked dark memories for Sherlock, and he tried not to dwell too much on it, even though it was almost impossible not to do so.
"Kill yourself."
“No, Mrs Watson,” he tried to plead, “you won’t.”
“It’s best—for her—that she have some time apart from 221B—”
“Aw, does it hurt?” Moriarty cackled, kneeling so that his nose was an inch away from Sherlock’s.
When Sherlock’s eyes reopened, the first thing he felt was a damp flannel on his forehead.
Sherlock swallowed, tasting bile and copper on the tip of his tongue. “John, where’s...”
need you! And you need both of us. I know Mary’s gone; I know your heart is broken, but cutting me off like this—or Sherlock—is not the solution!”
“You’re... not a religious man.”
(buzz)
Nothing needed to be amiss. Because if John even suspected there was anything in 221B even remotely capable of causing Rosie harm, he'd leave. And John couldn't leave. Never.
John never actually admitted he saw and talked to a phantom Mary the way… the way Sherlock would talk to phantom John.
“Who’re you talking to?”
“You’re gonna be alright, Sherlock,” John’s face reflected the agony Sherlock felt. He attempted to relieve some of the pain by massaging, but it wasn’t enough. “You’re gonna be fine...”
Spaulding inspected the flat and dutifully recorded every minute of Sherlock’s ‘statement’, took notes and was currently running Moriarty’s name through some database in his phone. After a brief snarl, John made Sherlock show the bruises to Spaulding, which now littered Sherlock’s arms and legs, prompting a dismayed tirade from Mrs Hudson. That—coupled with the headphones tumbling off the skull and Sherlock falling unconscious—finally convinced Vince Spaulding that Sherlock was under attack by a demonic entity.
Spaulding nodded, looking extremely smug about the setup. “Yes, ma’am. They’ve been running a tight ship down there for thousands of years. Total obedience and fear like in the Bible, that’s how they roll.”
Sherlock’s eyes darted from corner to corner, unable to locate the source of the whiny, disembodied voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
for beta-ing and their valuable inputs. This fic wouldn't be the same without the two of them! Go check out their fics too!
The voice gave a pantomime chuckle so comically low for Moriarty’s voice that Sherlock could tell he meant to frighten him. He rolled his eyes.
John’s eyes were so earnest, so open, in a way they usually weren’t. Through all the highs and lows of their adventures, Sherlock had always been aware of—and witnessed—John’s tendency to keep people away. Sherlock had made it closest, braved years of uphill battles and ignored all notions of boundaries or propriety to get John to open up. But this... this was John at his most open, most expressive, most vulnerable, and while John usually kept everyone at an arm’s distance, Sherlock, despite being physically at arm’s length from John, had never felt as close to him.
“That is not…” John clenched his jaw, and Sherlock could tell he was teetering on the edge. “There's
It was a text. From John. Sherlock frowned.
“I was being ‘merry,’ Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock lied effortlessly. “I was dreaming of a crime scene where there were four victims, and all of them had different murderers, but the real murderer was not even in the suspect pool.”
At ‘loved ones,’ Sherlock felt something shrivel up inside him and curl, like a tissue catching fire.
“Yes.” Spaulding’s cold glare drilled into Sherlock. “And as much as I’d love to waste the rest arguing with you while I make three hundred quid an hour in consultation, maybe we finish this up without incident so I can get on with drafting the possession termination contract?”
“John’s question. Why not keep you on retainer forever, sending letters once a month? Why bother to... do anything else or whatever?”
Therefore… John never actually shared those moments with him.
“Mrs Hudson, this is too much work.” John let out a resigned chuckle. “You shouldn’t have put in so much effort into lunch for... me.”
The rest of the day was just as terrible. John had texted him that he was going out to look for a daycare centre for Rosie. When John had first broached the issue of moving back to 221B, Sherlock had fired back a text offering to babysit Rosie, keeping in mind that Mrs Hudson had the capabilities of a full-time babysitter who could bail Sherlock out any time necessary. But John had texted that he’d need to think more about it, and consequently, Sherlock hadn’t brought it up again.
whenever he was about to pop out of the flat. The flashbacks to Drvengrad and the phantom grunts of his Serbian caretakers didn’t help either. Rosie’s untimely cries—as much as he didn’t want to admit it to himself, or John—made it worse.
“What are you?” Sherlock demanded. His eyes flickered to the eerie, aurora-like glow around the apparition’s outlines. Except for the greenish hue and the ghostlike pallor, there was no outwardly change in Jim Moriarty’s appearance.
“Hold on,” Moriarty let out a giggle, “I want to try something. This is going to be hilarious!”
“You said this flat isn’t a suitable environment for Rosie. No one said that.”
you heard?” Sherlock retreated to the kitchen and began boiling water for tea. “And when I shout at the top of my lungs for you to read me my texts, you can’t hear that?”
As if it could be anything else!
John’s brows, furrowed with determination, was the first sight that materialised in Sherlock’s line of vision when he finally regained consciousness. Sherlock felt John’s steady, gentle hands on his cranium, pressing, examining his eye and the back of his head, checking for concussions, and felt his breathing return, filling his lungs with much-needed oxygen. The place where he had hit his head still throbbed and, although the magnitude had diminished, a persistent fatigue had taken hold of Sherlock. Fatigue that rendered Sherlock so famished he felt he hadn’t eaten in days.
“Oh, bravo!” Sherlock turned to Mrs Hudson angrily, caught in a tug-of-war between ranting to John and snapping at Mrs Hudson, “Gold star to you! Maybe next time, you should accompany me to the crime scene instead of John, since you’re so adept at taking initiative!”
Spaulding gaped at Sherlock as if he had asked the stupidest question ever, and Sherlock tried to hide his face. Not because he was embarrassed. But because no one had given Sherlock that irreverent look and escaped John’s wrath unscathed.
“I’d like to wait until he wakes up,” Sherlock answered.
John looked down and chuckled at another strong kick. “Guess he doesn’t want to be left out either.”
John shot DI Monae a smug smile as Sherlock continued to rattle off all the things they could do together with the extra time.
“What makes you think that I don’t have it?” John asked.
Sherlock looked over at John’s obvious sarcasm. “Are you feeling alright?”
John nodded and leaned back a little more as he pushed the hospital blanket lower. Sherlock hesitated just a moment before he placed his hand flat on John’s stomach. He wanted to feel the actual skin underneath, but he could wait until they were back at the flat.
“Oh good, you’re home,” Sherlock greeted as he walked into the room. “We need to talk.”
He kept his eyes focused on John as the doctor walked over with a chart in his hands.
“Dad’s still trying to wrap his head around having two gay kids, and my mum’s pretty much a saint when she’s not drinking…” John answered.
“John-”
Mrs. Holmes chuckled. “If that’s what you need to tell yourself. Go and take those biscuits out to John, your father will be home soon with your brother from the airport and then we can have dinner.”
“Oh...hello,” Sherlock breathed.
“...Season tickets to the orchestra?” John swallowed. “...Are you some secret millionaire or something?”
“Thought about asking,” Sherlock admitted.
“Maybe later we could slip off?” Sherlock offered. “Call it an early night? Mycroft and Lestrade will be here just before dinner with Micah which means she’ll have her focus on him.”
“Drinks,” Sherlock repeated as he turned and started to walk upstairs.
Sherlock walked up to the desk to sign them in and paused. “Is Dr. Wright not in today?”
Sherlock returned twenty minutes later just as John was about to doze off and set his phone as he got back into bed.
John laughed a little. “It’s Monae…”
It was that exact moment John felt another kick, and judging by the way Sherlock’s eyes had widened he’d felt it too.
“That was brilliant,” John blinked.
But, there was just something about the man..the air of sophistication he seemed to carry about him, the pale skin, and high cheekbones...Curls that were just as soft as John knew they’d be. And his eyes...
“The girl you called on in class, her name’s Faith and you didn’t ask her to expound,” John pointed out. “Why did you ask me?”
As always enjoy!
“And what might that be?” John asked.
“Don’t know,” John mused.
“If I can solve a murder in seven minutes, I can put together a highchair,” Sherlock told him. He stood and started to pull the box from its place against the wall to the ‘dining room’ and grabbed the knife from the mantle to cut the twine keeping the box closed.
“Shhhhh,” John shushed him again and made his way to the kitchen.
primal in him. He’d admittedly thought about approaching John about possibly resuming the more sexual side of things nearly a month into the pregnancy, though quickly pushed the thought aside when he thought back to John’s words about their friendship.
“As a final act of redemption, I will look over your paper again and give you a fair grade,” Sherlock told him.
I'm so glad you are all enjoying this fic. This chapter kinda got away from me, but I couldn't resist the drunk sex cliche. Enjoy!
“No practice today?” Sherlock asked after a beat of silence.
Never in his life had he ever thought he’d have children, let alone find someone willing to have a child with
“The last person in turn off the lights,” he said as the door to the classroom opened.
“Professor-”
John started to smile, but it fell short as his phone buzzed into his pocket again. He hugged himself in an effort to stem off another panic attack.
“You’re right, you’re right,” John smiled. “So...if you and I are on a date, you know that means we have to ask each other questions of a personal nature.”
John stared at the newest text and felt his stomach roll at the possibility of getting drinks with Moran. His mind was still fuzzy on some of the details from that night but they weren’t pleasant details. His knuckles were still a bit sore, and from what he’d gathered Moran still had the remains of a split lip and black eye.
Sherlock sighed but did as told. “May I at least get a change of close so I can shower?”
John nodded a little understanding and Sherlock led him into the restaurant. Sherlock had only been once before, a few years previous, but he was pleased to find much hadn’t changed as they followed the maitre d'  to their table.
“There’s nothing wrong with Dr. Green,” John protested. “Every one of his patients had nothing but good things to say about him.”
“Tour?” Sherlock asked as he led him inside and upstairs. “Living room, sitting room, office, kitchen, bathroom, and bedroom.”
“No. There’s nothing to talk about,” John shook his head. “Don’t get me wrong, you were fantastic but I don’t make it a habit of sleeping with people in a relationship.”
“And you’re fine with that?” John asked.
Even at dinner, he’d noticed it, the way Sherlock would give small hesitations before he’d do or say something. The evident shock when John showed his small discomfort at how pricey the food had been as if he was just used to people ignoring the price tag and getting whatever they wanted with no regard for him.
“Ah,” John nodded and watched the taller man step under the water to wash his face off.
“Are...are you sure that’s what you want?” John asked. “I mean, I love the idea of us spending that time together...but won’t you get bored?”
So I know I'm terrible for making them find out about the baby this way but the next chapter's got some fluff in it as an apology!
“You want to tell me what that was about?” Sherlock asked.
“If this happened because she was already a fan, and I was
“Yes. That is what I said,” Sherlock answered. “If you’re worried, I already know we’re going to be sexually compatible. Honestly, all you need to do is just lie there and I’ll do all the work if you’re so worried.”
Sherlock chuckled a little as he closed the cold case he’d been reviewing. “Quite alright. I went ahead and ordered us a bottle of wine to enjoy with dinner, and we should be getting an order of garlic bread in a few moments.”
“What time did you call me?” Sherlock asked.
“What are you thinking about?” John asked after a couple minutes of silence.
“Piece of advice, don’t tell a pregnant person they’re overreacting,” John interrupted. “Out.”
“Us…” Sherlock answered as he ran his fingers up and down John’s back. “You and me.”
“It’s still a surprise,” Sherlock answered as he flagged down a cab. He held the door open for John and climbed in after him. He gave the cabbie the address and leaned back in the seat to get comfortable.
John let out a soft gasp and bit his lip as he looked at Sherlock through hooded eyes. Sherlock reached under one of the pillows from the bottle of lube still left there from their last session.
“Sister then?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“I was feeling a bit hot in my-”
“Bit of morning sickness I take it?” She gave him an understanding smile.
“What the hell is your problem?” John demanded. He slapped the paper on the desk. “And where the hell do you get off telling me my ex-was cheating on me?”
Sherlock didn’t think his cheeks could get any redder as John covered his mouth to stifle another laugh, though if it kept earning him reactions like that, it was worse a bit of drunken embarrassment.
“Before we are able to understand the present, we must first go back and understand the-” he looked over as the door of the classroom opened and- “So nice of you to join us, Mr. Watson.”
Dr. Carters was a stout man, with a clear smoking habit. Sherlock took a decisive step away if John noticed Sherlock drawing himself to his full height and placing a hand on his shoulder he said nothing.
“Of course,” Sherlock gave him a soft smile.
“Is it me?” Sherlock finally asked. He twisted the glass of wine between his fingers.
“What’s this for?” Sherlock frowned.
“I could ask you the same thing,” Sherlock pointed out. He was sprawled on his back with the photos from the earlier appointment raised above his head as he tried to make out the small shape of the baby.
John gave him a sympathetic smile. “I told you not to drink so much.” He put his hands in his pockets as he watched Sherlock summon a cab as if out of thin air.
John waited.
“That’s none of your business,” John almost snapped.
“That was you losing self-control?” John asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Oh g...god!” John had to clamp a hand over his own mouth as Sherlock gave a particularly nice thrust against his sweet spot.
“Is...Saturday night agreeable?” Sherlock asked.
John would find Sherlock’s faith in total monogamy and relationships like his parents endearing if his hormones hadn’t decided now was a good time for an argument.
And Sherlock wasn’t there to feel it.
“I like you,” Sherlock answered. “You’re...different than most of the people I’ve been with.”
John shook his head. “No, I can take care of it.”
“I’m sure he’s just as qualified as she is,” John told him.
He felt helpless waiting for the doctor’s to finish getting John hooked up to various medical equipment. He could only watch through the glass window as they slowly brought his fever down. He should’ve made John come in sooner.
“Were you watching me?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he sought the man’s gaze.
“John…” Sherlock turned around with his hands behind his back after they’d finished changing.
John blinked and looked at Sherlock confused as the man started to move around. Sherlock shoved the bunched sheets to the edge of the bed as he climbed on top of John. He braced his hands on either side of John’s head making the other man look up at him. John spread his legs, his cheeks redder as one of Sherlock’s knees came to rest between his thighs, not quite touching his crotch.
“My turn,” Sherlock cut into a piece of raviolo. “Why pre-med?”
“She seems...nice,” John nodded a little.
“You seemed...nervous,” John replied. He played with the curls at the base of Sherlock’s neck. “That I wouldn’t like it, or...enjoy it.”
“Your smile,” Sherlock replied in response.
“I...fuck,” John moaned.
John swallowed as he felt Sherlock’s tongue along the crease of his ass as he pulled his cheeks apart and ran his tongue over his hole. He pushed it in slowly and John bit his lip. He felt Sherlock smirk as his hands came up to rest on the back of John’s thigh, holding his legs in place.
“We’re not doing anything John,” Sherlock replied. “We’re just two people, having an innocent conversation.”
John sighed. “Don’t wear that shirt..wear the blue one, it goes better.”
Dr. Carters smiled. “Of course it’s normal Mr. Holmes, most men do get a bit more sexually attracted towards their partners during the duration of pregnancy, most likely has to do with a certain sense of pride that comes with knowing the one they love is carrying their child. Nothing to be worried about.”
“No, no don’t stop,” John half groaned half whine as Sherlock’s phone began to buzz again on the nightstand.
Mrs. Holmes smiled. “Oh goodness, I forgot the biscuits, Sherlock give me a hand in the kitchen?”
“Who the hell was that?” John turned to look at Sherlock.
“What’s today?” Sherlock asked as he sat up slowly.
Sherlock rolled over and buried his face into the crook of John’s neck.
“Nonsense, cold cases aren’t going anywhere,” Sherlock told him. “And I could easily review it in my head...swallowed his tongue you say?”
“You don’t have to thank me Sherlock,” John replied. “I should be thanking you for asking me. Out of anyone you could’ve picked…”
There was a collective gasp from the audience as the rope snapped, and the man on the chair rolled as the arrow shot through the air and embedded itself into the back of the chair. The wood split down the middle.
John felt, rather than saw the bed dip. When had he closed his eyes?
“Do you like it?” He asked.
Sherlock nodded. “A couple weeks...I should’ve paid more attention.”
He opened his eyes and looked at John. “You said that you couldn’t go on cases while we were trying, and I didn’t listen. I’m so sorry.”
“...I don’t like her,” John declared once they were both gone.
“You alright over there?” John asked. There was a fair bit of concern in his voice and Sherlock reached up to briefly run a hand through his hair in an effort to dislodge the thoughts currently running through his brain.
“Yes…” John nodded.
Sherlock frowned as he listened to John exit the bathroom for the fourth time that night and sat up from his spot on the couch.
“What would you do if I had said no?” John asked.
Chapters currently unbeta'd
He eased John’s leg off his shoulders and grabbed the lube. He took a few deep breaths to try and stave off his own impending release. He leaned over John as he braced one hand braced on the bed next  the other the head of his cock to his hole.
“I agree, less likely for them to feel inferior to the other,” Sherlock nodded.
“Slept wrong, couldn’t get comfortable,” John answered.
“Yet.” Sherlock quipped.
“I’m not sure if I should be scared or excited,” John said as he picked up his jacket.
“It was an excellent drink.”
“John...phone,” Sherlock mumbled into the couch cushion. He used another to cover his head as it continued to ring.
And a little bit of drama at the end
“No, Sherlock I’m not worried about that,” John answered. “Just,” he cleared his throat, “you’ve put a lot of thought into...all of this.”
Sherlock was out of the cab first and paid the driver as John got out and shut the door. He straightened his coat as he looked up at the restaurant and gave Sherlock a curious as he stood next to him.
John yawned as he stumbled through the front door of their flat and all but collapsed face first onto the couch content to sleep for the next twenty-four hours. Preferably.
John smiled softly. “I know.”
“You told me to pick and I did,” Sherlock answered.
Dr. Carters chuckled. “Just give me a moment, I’ll get one of the nurses to bring them to you.
“I hope you’re not expecting special treatment given our previous acquaintance,” Sherlock continued. “Especially a quick shag.”
Sherlock watched the muscles in his stomach tense a little and tried to imagine what’d it could look like in a few months time when the skin was pulled taut and swelled. He looked up to study the man’s face. His tongue stuck out slightly as he balanced on the bed with his left hand while the right tried to keep the bottle from falling to the floor.
Not lavender. Tea. Earl Grey.
“Ca...can’t,” John gasped out.
“Better than this morning,” John chuckled.
“I’m sure it would’ve been a wonderful surprise,” Sherlock smiled and looked down at another kick. “He’s a strong one isn’t he?”
The smooth voice that cut through the air was enough to send a shiver down John’s spine and his head snapped up. No.
“Mmm smells nice,” John looked up at Sherlock. “Where’d you find it?”
“Thank you,” she straightened and crossed her arms over her chest. “Now, we need to set a date.”
“Of course, I completely understand,” she nodded and turned her attention back to Sherlock. “Actually, while I was waiting, got a call in about a triple homicide across town, perhaps we could try out this new partnership, I’d love for you to take a look.”
“Try to find time to shower between now and then,” Sherlock told him. He packed up his things and stalked out of the room.
“Oh…” Sherlock swallowed and nodded. John riding him would be...
He sent Molly a quick thanks and stood up to collect his things and his coat as he left his office.
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked.
“Pardon?” John blinked. “Dinner?”
“Very good things,” Sherlock chuckled and John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s jaw. “Like, taking a shower.”
“John.” Sherlock kept his voice firm but slightly softer in an attempt to wake the doctor.
Sherlock smiled and reached up to put his hand over John’s. “I don’t need sophistication John...I...I just need you.”
He walked out of the room and jogged downstairs to the small cafe on the first floor of the building and returned a couple minutes later. He held out a bottle of water and one of the sandwiches.
“He…?” Sherlock’s eyes widened. “We’re having a boy?”
“You’re staring again,” John interrupted his thoughts. “Do I have something on my face?”
Sherlock let his hand linger on John’s stomach a little while longer before he sat back in the chair and drifted off himself.
“Oh, it’s you,” Sherlock drawled as he stepped into the hall. “Come in then.”
They shared a few more lazy kisses before carefully untangling themselves and with John wrapped up in one of Sherlock’s robe, the tartan one, as he walked to the bathroom across the hall, Sherlock made quick work of stripping the bed of the soiled sheet and found a new one in the hall linen closet. He put the dirty one in the hamper and slipped into the bathroom to join John.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’d say it wasn’t fair but mummy made sure to impose the rule on my brother as well, so for the first three years of their relationship he and his husband had to sleep in separate rooms or get a hotel. Course they got married so now they can share, but I know for a fact they used to sneak and see each other once everyone was asleep. I’d catch Lestrade either tiptoeing to Mycroft’s room or vice versa.”
“I have a key,” she answered. “You said you were going out for drinks.”
“Dinner, Sherlock. I’ve made our reservations for The Ledbury,” she told him. “I never told him about that morning, but I may just have to change my mind.”
“Sherlock?” John started to sit up when he didn’t receive a response from the other man.
“You didn’t mention you were a professor,” John said.
He pulled back and John stared up at him as he gripped the younger man’s hips almost guiding him down on his length while thrusting long and hard.
John swallowed thickly. “Christ.”
Sherlock paid the driver as they got out and the two walked briskly into the building. The warmth was a nice relief from the already near freezing temperatures outside and Sherlock made a mental note to start a fire the second they returned home.
He was brought out of his thoughts when the door open and a girl nearly ran out of the office, holding her bag to her chest.
Sherlock’s phone started vibrating and John leaned down to press a kiss to his shoulder. “I’ll go start the shower.”
John’s heart sank as it went straight to voicemail. “Right...uh, it’s me, just letting you know I’m heading to bed now. Get home safe. I love you.”
He didn’t wait for a response as he poured them each a glass.
“Nothing’s wrong, I’m just...we’re having a boy,” Sherlock answered as he smiled at John. He ran a finger over the photo. “I can’t believe I missed this...you must think the worst of me.”
“Now now don’t be modest, you have a lovely arse,” Sherlock smirked teasingly. “Your level of personal grooming tends to go up when you don’t have practice, and you’re late to class when you have practice.”
Sherlock’s eyes were bouncing between the sand steadily falling onto the plate, and the twine holding the crossbow in place beginning to loosen and rip. The man in the chair continued to struggle, the ropes holding him began to loosen slowly. The lights flickered, and John felt his breath catch in his throat as the twine on the crossbow got thinner and thinner.
“Get some sleep alright?” John told him as he walked out of the room.
“What message?” Sherlock asked. “The only messages I got were from Lestrade, I didn’t get any from you and I had my phone on the table the whole time.”
“You look so gorgeous right now,” John breathed as he pulled him down for a kiss.
“You’re evil,” John moaned.
“...how’d you know Sarah was cheating on me?” John asked instead.
“It’ll do,” he told the waiter. “We’ll a need a few moments before we order.”
“Nice place,” John managed.
“Wait…” John put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulder’s to stop him.
“So...wow, okay I wasn’t expecting that to be honest,” John admitted. “Thought you were at least in your late twenties…”
Dr. Carters nodded.
was written across the top in bold lettering. Followed by a list of books for the course as well as a mini summary of the assignments.
“Sherlock, please don’t keep something from me again,” John tried again. “Whatever it is, I’m sure it’s not-”
“Sherlock... “ John was using his ‘You can't-fool me’ voice.
“Hello…” Sherlock felt as if the air had been punched out of his lungs as he took in John’s appearance.
He shifted between John’s legs. Rubbed the cold gel between his fingers to warm it up.
“You wouldn’t dare,” he pitched his voice low.
“Right…” John grabbed his coat and tore his gaze away from the two figures. “I’ll just be going…”
“Tomorrow,” John told him. “More important things to do than hiding Mycroft’s laptop.”
“It got damaged first day here. Mycroft is taking his sweet time to replace it,” Sherlock answered with a huff. “I’ve had to borrow the phone from a nearby hotel since it’s been a few days…”
“Where are we going?” John asked as he followed Sherlock outside.
Sherlock gave the list a quick scan and closed it with a soft snap. “We’ll start with a bottle of 1985 Chateau la lagune.”
Sherlock sighed. “You are right in that I have been treating you unfairly, and for that, I apologize. I also apologize for not telling you about Irene.”
“What happened to your phone?” John asked. He sat up a little from his spot on the couch.
“You’re right. I would
(See the end of the chapter for
“I haven’t been to a circus in ages,” John said. “What made you think about this?”
“I think...I think you two were kindred spirits, and god that makes me a little jealous,” John admitted as he took Sherlock’s hands. “But, he hurt you. I can see it in your eyes.”
“Seventh times the charm?” John asked with a smile.
John took a quick shower and pulled on a loose t-shirt and boxers before climbing into bed and falling into a fitful sleep.
“Well, that doesn’t seem to matter to her,” John pointed out. “She told you to wear that cologne because I wasn’t going to be there and she somehow found out about my little sensitivity to it.”
thing I could’ve done,” Sherlock replied.
“My reasonings were not half-assed,” John crossed his arms over his chest. “What is your problem with me? Ever since you found out I’m in your class you’ve been nothing but a jerk and an asshole.”
They’d agreed upon a polished dark wood high chair with soft padded on the arms, and black and white polka dotted cushions. It’d only made sense to get one that they’d be able to use for their baby once they would be of age to use it.
John looked up to see a young woman to the left of him had raised her hand. The man’s face was blank, but the look in his eyes suggested he knew the following question was likely to be stupid.
“Are you...are you asking me on a date?” John raised a curious eyebrow as he smiled.
“It’s so nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes,” She smiled. “I love your blog.”
He was clearly on something, John had summarized. He didn’t know what. But the man was high. And maybe that was the reason John had found himself approaching the man.
“Wasn’t sure what the dress code was so I took a bit of a gamble,” John tugged at his sleeve a little nervously.
Sherlock fiddled with it, before finally holding out the small jar. “It’s coconut oil and beeswax based lotion...I read that it can help prevent stretch marks.”
“Better get used to it Holmes,” John told him.
“But enough talk about school,” Sherlock wiped a hand down his face and reached out for John. “While I’ve plenty of fantasies involving school, I also have a couple involving this shower.”
On closer inspection, he did look paler than normal. His face was gaunt, with dark circles under his eyes. Even his curls were in a disarray. John sighed and ran his fingers through them.
A task which takes most professors twenty minutes to a half hour took him two. The class fled from the room the second he was finished.
Sherlock smiled as he titled John’s chin up and gave him a kiss. There were still remnants of chocolate and caramel on his breath as John leaned up to return the kiss.
“John Watson. Pre-med student correct? Why are you taking an intro philosophy course?” Sherlock asked instead.
His curls were a disarray as if someone had been running their fingers through it and his shirt was rumbled with the sleeves rolled up the elbow.
“Oh no, wait, I haven’t eaten since Monday. I haven’t slept since Tuesday. No matter, that nap was sufficient enough to fuel me for another day,” Sherlock answered.
Sherlock tightened his grip on the handle of his briefcase as the two walked away. He stalked to his office and tossed the case onto the couch against the back wall and shut the door behind him with a thud and walked up to the window.His phone buzzed as it began to vibrate in his pocket and he pulled it out. He pressed talk and leaned against the short bookcase. Sherlock could just barely make out John and the woman he’d left with exiting the building.
“They better get here soon,” Sherlock mumbled.
“It’s a good thing that you brought your partner in when you did,” the doctor told him. “Any longer and there might’ve been complications with his pregnancy.”
“Don’t...please, just, let me handle it.”
John’s shoulder’s sagged as he reached into his back pocket and handed the man his phone. He wasn’t even going to ask how Sherlock figured out his password and instead focused on the way Sherlock blue dress shirt brought out the paleness of his skin.
“Surely you don’t need my help to get biscuits,” Sherlock pointed out.
And the glow.
Sherlock smirked and did it again a muffled cry stifled against John’s hand as his pace faltered a bit. John kept one hand in Sherlock’s hair while the other gripped his back tightly content to let Sherlock take over.
“Lead the way.”
John snickered. “C’mon.” He grabbed Sherlock’s free hand and tugged the detective up the stairs after him.
He wordlessly moved just enough for John to see as Dr. Carters typed a few things into the keyboard.
“Are you ready to order sir?” he asked.
“Sherlock, if you don’t let me go I’m going to vomit on you,” John croaked.
“You didn’t have to go to all that trouble you know,” John said once they were outside. “Would’ve been perfectly fine at a way cheaper place…”
“Not Dr. Wright?” John asked.
The man was his teacher. He had a girlfriend. They could both get into serious trouble if they tried to pursue something….would Sherlock even want to pursue something with him? Oh god, what if Sherlock was just humoring him? What if he was just telling John what he wanted to hear? What if he found John’s attention bothersome?
“How...how’d you find me?” John asked.
John gave him a tired smile. “Who knew Sherlock Holmes was a softie.”
Sherlock withdrew his hand and let his fingers trail up John’s back as his cell phone began to chime on the bedside table.
The doctor nodded and quietly left the room. He shut the door behind him with a soft click.
He rolled them so he was on his back with Sherlock on top of him, knees on either side his thighs with his weight braced on his elbow’s. John could feel Sherlock’s erection pressing into his thigh and reached down with his free hand to slip into the other man’s briefs. He shuddered and moaned as he tried to press into John’s hand.
Ah yes, the reason they wound up in this situation in the first place.
“Mummy brought us an extra one,” Sherlock replied in a murmur. “I’ve hidden it in the vegetable drawer of the fridge.”
Sherlock barely remembered to shut the door and struggled to remove his coat, leaving it on the floor. He swayed a little once the coat was removed and before he followed after John. The bottle of wine was standing open on the counter, with John frowning at the lack of cups in their cupboards.
“Yes?”
“At least I’ve got my phone,” John sighed.
“I was just thinking the same thing,” Sherlock replied, with a small smirk. “Perhaps we’ll have a repeat performance.”
“I do John,” Sherlock answered earnestly. “And I would be in your debt forever if you did this with me. And as you know, I don’t like being in someone’s debt.”
John thought.
“When do you suppose we’ll be having a wedding?” She asked.
Sherlock stood as the lights raised and gave John’s hand a small tug. John got up and followed, confused, as Sherlock led him through the throngs of people out of the theatre and outside into the night air.
“Thursday,” John answered.
John tried not to tense as Moran pushed himself off the wall of John’s building. He walked over to him with his arms crossed over his chest.
“As you can see on the third page, I’ve listed each assignment you’ll be working on both in class and outside of class. Each assignment has a word count and word limit. If you hand a physical copy of your paper to me, I will not read it. Electronic copies only.”
“I did,” Sherlock answered.
The two men shifted around in the bed, Sherlock sprawled on top of John, the doctor lying flat on his back to look up at the ceiling.
Their baby was kicking.
“You most certainly won,” Sherlock said once he finished committing the look to memory. “Just let me grab my coat and then we can go.”
It was loose enough that you could only see the barely there curve of John’s stomach, and Sherlock waited with bated breath when the time would come for it to be noticeable. For everyone to see.
“It’s about our previous conversation,” Sherlock continued. “You told me to think and I think two weeks is adequate time.”
Sherlock’s tongue felt like it was stuck to the roof of his mouth as the sound seemed to fill the room when in actuality he knew it was just due to sitting so close to the screen.
“Oh, I thought we might try it the old-fashioned way,” Sherlock said. “The chances of a successful conception are greater. I already took the liberty of seeing a doctor. Given my past addictions and the few injuries I’ve sustained during our cases, I thought you might like to know I was clean. You can, of course, review this all yourself. I’ve also started taking vitamins to increases sperm potency and-”
Sherlock loved him enough to marry him...
John followed Sherlock out of the cab and up to the front door. He could see the nervousness behind Sherlock’s eyes as he unlocked the door and they stepped inside.
“You didn’t want to start your career with a job you were handed rather than worked toward yourself,” Mycroft answered. “Appealed to your humanity so to speak.”
“Craving dear,” Mrs. Holmes patted Sherlock’s cheek. “Wouldn’t be surprised, when I was pregnant with you and Myc I started to get cravings around the same time. Your father, bless his heart, had a devil of a time keeping up with it. They come at all hours of the day really.”
Sherlock. He knew the other man would go stir crazy after a least a week with nothing to stimulate him.
“I think that’s very smart of you take to start your leave early,” DI Monae nodded. “Of course, when I had my twins I worked up until just about my last month, but we should all be aware of our limits, and at your age, I’m sure you’d want to save as much energy as possible.”
Also currently unbeta'd
“Yours had a point. Adam Smith is dull,” Sherlock answered. “Yet there was doubt in your voice when you brought him up. I was giving you the opportunity to explain.”
“I think you need to see another doctor,” Sherlock replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sh...shit Sherlock,” John tugged his hair in warning, and Sherlock pulled away.
“Pity,” Sherlock folded his hands in his lap. “I don’t.”
He pulled his finger out and got a little more lube before pressing in two fingers.
“Let’s see if all that hype about youthful stamina is really in fact, true,” Sherlock smirked as he pushed a finger in slowly.
Sherlock wrapped his scarf around John’s neck and tucked it into the coat. “I know, but we need to keep you cool. Can’t have you overheating. Bit not good right?”
“Hi, Sherlock,” the voice purred and Sherlock felt his blood run cold. “Did you miss me?”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, your father and I are not getting any younger, now I know you and John love each other dearly and I would like to see both of my son’s married before I’m dead, is that too much to ask?” Mrs. Holmes said as she pointed at him with a spatula.
you to stay. I didn’t even want to get out of bed that morning, waking up next to you was...I’ve never felt that way John.”
“Just barely, but I’ll accept it,” Sherlock agreed. “Anyone else? If anyone bothered to check your student emails, you would know I sent out a list of Philosophers for this class.”
“Shall we get started?” She smiled.
“I don’t need the lecture, Sherlock,” John interrupted. “I understand your point.”
his tired mind supplied--was against the idea of letting him go at the present moment. It was with a reluctant huff that Sherlock moved his arm and allowed John to sit up.
He rubbed the crease of John’s ass with his fingertips and stopped when John shifted again. Sherlock bit his lip and did it again, this time he pressed a fingertip against his hole, he was rewarded with a small groan and John unconsciously spreading his legs a little.
“Your curls,” John murmured softly.
“Room for one more?” Sherlock asked as he hung up his robe and climbed into the shower with John.
“I thought I told you not to wear that cologne…” John stood once he was sure he wasn’t going be sick again and flushed before turning to wash out his mouth. He covered his nose as he stepped into the bedroom and saw Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed with his hands in his lap.
Also fun fact apparently about 1 in 6 people in Britain celebrate Thanksgiving.
“My father taught me,” Sherlock answered. “I’ve never picked a wrong bottle of wine because of it.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “No John, I haven’t changed my mind about having a baby after three days. I canceled your appointment because I found a better doctor.”
Oh, he’d said that part out loud.
“Sherlock…?” John’s voice was thick with sleep, ah so it turned into a full nap then, as he started to sit up.
He walked around the coffee table to stand in front of the other man and took the empty glass to set it next to his.
“Your parents had to know, no one can do that for three years and not get caught,” John pointed out.
“That’s all well and good, but pregnancy doesn’t just happen the first time you have unprotected sex. We may have to have sex more than once,” John told him.
“It’s nothing Sherlock. I’m just not hungry,” John sighed. “Can I go back to-”
“Just a bit,” Sherlock chuckled.
“John look at me,” Sherlock’s fingers were warm on his cheek as he turned his head. “Please?”
“Tomorrow evening at eight. I’ll be a little late though, so order us a nice bottle of wine,” she told him.
“Shit,” John surged forward as the man’s body simple slumped forward. “Bloody hell you’re heavy.” He tried not to fall back and shifted his hold on the man as he attempted to maneuver him to the couch.
“I’d say it’s been adequate,” Sherlock smirked and pulled his hands away to shut off the water.
“I simply told DI Monae I won’t be taking any cases with Scotland Yard for the next few months, and that it is her best interest not to contact me directly. Then I called her husband, lovely man by the way, and told him what his wife’s been up to,” Sherlock answered.
“I saw you at practice,” John replied.
“I changed my mind, I'll be finished the second week of February. We’ve found a suitable temp for while I’m gone, and I’ve already started to switch over my patients,” John told him. “It was
John shook his head.
“John,” Sherlock turned to face him. “If tonight wasn’t up to your standards, or if you didn’t really enjoy it, I’m sure there something else I could-”
At the front of the room stood Sherlock. He cut a nice figure in a black suit with a deep purple undershirt, the first button’s popped open to show the pale skin. If John squinted he could still the bruise from where his teeth had left a nice sized mark. Maybe he’d get lucky and the man wouldn’t notice him.
“Oh dear, I hope I haven’t ruined anything,” DI Monae gave him an apologetic smile.
Sherlock held his hand as he led John away from the wall and got them a cab. The air in the vehicle was filled with anticipation of what could happen next. What John was going to say because he knew Sherlock
“It may have come up…” Sherlock nodded. “But don’t you think you’re overreacting? It was just drinks…”
“M’not,” Sherlock shook his head. “I use nothing.”
“Sher…Sherlock,” John moaned.
“But-”
“There are his fingers, and his toes...and Sherlock?” John reached up and cupped Sherlock’s cheek. “Love what’s wrong?”
Sherlock sighed again. “Donavon is giving me looks again, so regrettably I must go. Love you.”
“Well of course,” Sherlock told him. “You told me to give this serious thought and I have.”
John sat up or tried to. It seemed his bedmate--
“Don’t lie John, you’re not even trying,” Sherlock interrupted. He reached up and pressed a hand to John’s forehead. “You’re burning up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded. “Probably going to take the surgeon track…”
Sherlock reached into the cabinet and took down the cookie jar and set it on the counter. He reached inside and fished out a biscuit as he watched his mother check the food on the stove.
John said yes. John said yes to him. John agreed to have his baby. Their baby. Their perfect baby. With-
“John?”
He stepped under the spray and used the moment of solitude to wash up, knowing exactly what Sherlock planned to do once he joined him.
The woman standing at the end of the bed was dressed in a short black dress with her hair pulled up in a bun. A string of white pearls was worn close to her throat and red lips in a thin line, though her eyes were filled with amusement.
He felt another not two seconds later.
the word had bounced around in Sherlock’s head for days after the trip The Village. He nodded in answer. Nothing wrong with a little white lie.
“I’m an idiot,” John choked out. “Such an idiot.”
“As well as one can settle in the hole which you’ve stuck me,” Sherlock answered.
“I love you Sherlock,” John pulled him down for a kiss and smiled more as Sherlock made a pleased sound in the back of his throat as they kissed.
“Dull…” Sherlock sank back in his seat. “Can we go home?”
“You’re brilliant you know that?” John smiled.
“How about a toast?” John offered as he tilted his glass towards Sherlocks.
As always please enjoy!
“She’s not my fiancée,” Sherlock said.
“Yes!” Sherlock pointed at the bottle.
“That was amazing,” John breathed. “For a second, I almost thought he wasn’t going to make it.”
“I seem to find myself with an increase of sudden sexual urges,” Sherlock answered. “Is that normal?”
Mycroft refrained from rolling his eyes.
“Sherlock, we didn’t get home until two in the morning the night before and I just got off of a sixteen-hour shift, with only three hours of sleep in total. You’ll forgive me if I don’t want to talk right this second,” John then let his face drop back onto the pillow.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and after a little maneuvering they were facing each other, John’s leg over Sherlock’s hips and his tucked under the detective’s chin with Sherlock still buried inside of him.
“Does it matter?”
Sherlock deflated. “Rude.”
“It seems odd for your fiancée not to have a key,” Mycroft pointed out.
“What’s wrong?” Sherlock asked.
“Good God man, you sound like Mycroft,” Sherlock answered. “I am prepared to have sex multiple times John. It’s more reliable than an insemination, and-”
“I don’t know...I just did…” There was a hint of annoyance in his voice now.
John chuckled. “Really Sherlock, from what I’ve pieced together, and gotten from the news it’s a pretty interesting case. You can tell me all about it when you get home, and I’ll let you know how things go here.”
“She’s trying to come onto you Sherlock,” John answered. “She wants to have sex with you. She has wanted to have sex with you the moment she saw you.”
John flushed. “Oh...uh yeah, I’ve got rugby practice before this…” He suddenly felt awkward in his tank top and shorts.
"Everything just looks fantastic!” Mrs. Hudson complimented as they all sat around the table.
Sherlock nodded and got more lotion, he had to be thorough after all and went back to massaging. “It would’ve been the least I could do after everything you have done, what you are doing.” His hands still on the middle of his stomach.
It seems right that the first chapter in like 2 years is pretty much just smut!
“Wasn’t my idea,” Lestrade replied. “The Chief thought it’d look good and I couldn’t very well say no now could I? Besides, apparently, she’s a fan of yours.”
“See you in class Mr. Watson,” Sherlock told him as he left.
He sent a quick text to Mycroft, and five minutes later Sherlock was helping John into a sleek black car.
“It’s only for a little bit,” Mycroft assured him. “Just until your little escapade sorts itself out.”
“Why didn’t you just pick Donavon to take over for you while you’re on leave, I know she hates me but at least I know her,” Sherlock crossed his arms over his chest.
As to answer any questions about why Lestrade and Mycroft used a surrogate rest assured it will be answered in the next coming chapters or so.
“Good things?” John teased lightly.
Sherlock blinked and looked John. “Since when do you take sugar in your tea? You always drink tea without sugar…”
r stray away from you John. I love
Sherlock chuckled a bit as John let go of his hand to pick up his glass of wine.
“I’m so sorry that I’m not there. I wouldn’t have skipped it if it wasn’t important,” Sherlock said over the phone. “But, it’s a level eight and I’m so close.”
Mrs. Holmes gave her son a pointed look and Sherlock set his tea down. “Alright alright…” he stood up and followed his mother into the kitchen.”
“I know,” Sherlock nodded.
It took Sherlock a moment to realize he was still standing in the same spot, in front of his chair with John zipping up his coat, and staring at him with a raised eyebrow.
Their waiter arrived shortly after giving them each a menu, followed by a wine list.
John’s breath hitched again.
“You, me, Mycroft, Lestrade, Micah, Molly, Mrs. Hudson and perhaps mummy and father unless they’ve decided to visit other members of the family,” Sherlock answered. “That’s nine people!”
“That is a good thought,” John agreed.
“Because that’s what normal people do,” he answered. Another amused smile crossed his face. He stepped closer and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck, his fingers periodically brushed the nape of his neck. “You don’t get out much do you?”
“Give it back,” Sherlock pouted.
“I told you,” Sherlock said as he pushed John’s legs up. “Fingers and tongue.”
“How did you get in here?” Sherlock remained sprawled on his back with one arm tucked under his head. The other still lay behind John and his fingers were drawing patterns on his skin that made John want to squirm.
“I may have been showing off my excellent oral skills,” Sherlock answered as his cheeks started to color. “I couldn’t look either parent in the eye for at least three months.”
He flung his arms out and knocked the bottle of wine over. He blinked and watched the red liquid seeping out onto the sheets. John quickly righted the bottle and leaned over Sherlock to place it on the nightstand.
“Does this mean we’re done with our shower?” John pressed back against Sherlock’s fingers trying to get them deeper.
“Sherlock, you’re going to wear a hole in the floor if you keep pacing like that,” Mrs. Hudson called upstairs.
“Alone at least~” Sherlock mused as he leaned down to kiss him.
“Sherlock, darling,” she perched on the edge of his desk. “How kind do you think the dean will be when they find out just why you resigned from your previous job? I’m fairly certain professor’s sleeping with their students is heavily frowned upon. So, unless you want that little tidbit to fall into the wrong hands,” she reached forward to fix the collar of his shirt then gripped his chin, “put on your big boy pants junior and pick a damn date.”
“John, I think you need to see a doctor,” Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed.
“Can I interest you gentleman in dessert?” he asked holding out the menu.
“It’s another negative, and we’re going to need more tests,” John sighed as he walked out of the bathroom.
John looked over and found Sherlock staring at him with an unreadable expression.
Sherlock bucked up into his hand and dug his fingers into John’s hair. The cab ride was much too short, to Sherlock’s disappointment and the cabbie’s relief. He shoved the money into the man’s hand and the two stumbled out of the cab and onto the sidewalk.
The woman, Irene, was sitting on the couch, with one leg crossed over the other looking at her phone. She was also sitting on John’s jacket.
“It’s really real isn’t it?” Sherlock asked as John came back.
Sherlock took a step back and straightened his jacket. “How about now?”
Sherlock reached for his phone again but she placed her's over his before he could pick it up. She looked at him with a soft smile, but steel in her gaze.
“How do you get your hair to curl like this?” John asked. He twisted a couple locks around his fingers and gave a small tug.
John had an overwhelming feeling of deja vu as he stared at Sherlock.
He walked down the short hall to his room and stood in the doorway while he waited for John. John watched as Sherlock went to each of the hiding places in his room where he was known to keep certain substances and showed John they were indeed empty.
“Ahh, family then as well,” Sherlock tapped his chin. “Shame. You shouldn’t let what your family think get in the way of how you present yourself.”
John thought.
“Do I want to know?” John asked with a sigh.
“Why?” Sherlock asked.
John had spotted him the second he’d entered the club. He’d come in alone, cheeks flushed from the cold air outside, curls ruffled from the wind. But his eyes. His eyes had a wildfire in them.
And now you know why there's an unreliable narrator tag.
It was hard not to notice how Mrs Hudson took two steps away from him at the mention of paranormal entities. It would’ve been comical in any other situation. “Oh, okay, dear,” she said in a strained voice. “Should I tell John that you’re not feeling well...?”
John’s toothbrush.
Spaulding came across sounding curter than chatty over text. Sherlock wondered whether he should pay the lawyer extra to text in full sentences and not include pointless abbreviations.
Those were John’s arms, pinning him to safety, to his bed, preventing him from lashing out.
John echoed his thoughts. “A lawyer?”
"—by telling me to kill myself—"
Sherlock forced the third-most polite smile in his arsenal, “Nothing, Mrs Hudson. Just being the ideal tenant you always dreamt I’d be.”
Anyway, the bursts of static were dying away and the high-pitched Irish lilt was gathering amplitude. And, to Sherlock, that voice belonged to only one man. A man who was supposed to be dead.
“Mr Holmes, this is Vince Spaulding, your lawyer. Since you weren’t responding to my texts, I thought you should know that I have successfully filed the cease-and-desist order against demon number TR037462, James Moriarty. This should give you a temporary reprieve from the demonic latching, as well as shield your thoughts from the demon.”
“Don’t worry, though,” Spaulding added hastily, “once I’m done with Mrs Hudson’s will, my first stop will be Reverend Munroe's parish—”
"Kill yourself."
“Shh. Sit up for me,” John ordered, sliding a solid hand into the small of Sherlock’s back, and the warmth of his touch felt so unbelievably solid it swept away the rush of chill Sherlock felt right before losing consciousness. He propped himself up with John’s arm and allowed himself to be prodded and examined by John with the same care and attention to detail Sherlock reserved for crime scenes.
Sherlock froze. She was crying. Not fake sobbing like when the CIA had broken into 221B, actually crying. There were only two times he had seen her cry that way: when Frank had hit her for the last time, and when she’d attended Sherlock’s funeral three years ago.
“Wow, they sent an ambulance chaser,” Jim was aiming for levity but Sherlock could feel he had gone serious, “Looks a little too Paul Newman in
“This is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?”
He threw the spiders away, even when some of them reanimated and clung to his wrist. He tossed the sheets into the washing machine before John could see.
John’s angry expression soured. “And you smell like rotting flesh.”
Moriarty let out a snort in response, pressing two fingers into Sherlock’s closed eyes. “Call her Mrs Watson again, and she will put that bullet in your brain instead. You naive imbecile! Did you think reminding her of her brave little husband was enough to impede the flight of that bullet? What a tender world that would be!”
“Oh, I know,” John said. “He never used to like my thing with the peas.”
"Oh, for God's sake—"
Sherlock almost actually never saw any trace of Rosie, he’d only heard her cries at night.
As if discerning Sherlock’s thoughts, John sank to his knees, clutching Sherlock’s hand in his own. Sherlock felt his stomach do a little backflip in response.
“I’ll check,” Mrs Hudson snapped, very much irritated by Sherlock being completely reasonable, “like I always do!”
“In fact,” Spaulding continued, “it might help to have them both around. Most of the possessed are able to stay strong throughout the experience only because they were grounded in reality with their loved ones.”
The lunch was as trite as all lunches inevitably were. It involved sitting down with food—good food, Sherlock had to admit, but no degree of quality could justify sitting still for the sake of politeness and sustenance for more than ten minutes—and inane conversation. Conversations such as how much time it took for Mrs Hudson to prepare lunch. Or how “nice” it was to sit down at Mrs Hudson’s dinner table like old times and pretend that nothing extraordinary had happened.
“Well, you were out while that lawyer was yelling about,” John began, “and then—”
"Kill yourself."
He held out his free hand, and Mrs Hudson grudgingly relinquished the document to him. “Yes, please.”
Rosie wasn’t old enough to open the fridge or tall enough to greet him via his bathroom mirror.
“Mrs Hudson,” John was no longer making any effort at being polite, “thanks for the food, it was really good, but I need to leave before Sherlock,” he threw a resentful glance at Sherlock, “does what he always does.”
Mrs Hudson whimpered. “Oh, Sherlock!” And clung to him as if he could vanish into thin air any moment. He gently tried to nudge himself out of her grip, attempting a reassuring smile.
Sherlock decided to take a nightly stroll through the kitchen, wondering whether this was a localised phenomenon.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. First Mrs Hudson, now Spaulding. It seemed that no one was buying his lies tonight. How inconvenient. But before Sherlock could fire a comeback, his phone pinged with another text.
“Food...”
It should’ve bothered him that he seemed to be able to walk right through Jim, but he had far too many important things on his mind than a demonic apparition that didn’t seem to know what it was doing.
“No, you just said you didn’t want to stick to a script. That wasn’t me you were talking to,” Sherlock hissed, feeling uncontrollable irritation, “Why are you talking to someone who isn’t there?”
She switched off the kettle and added the leaves, her eyes periodically darting between the kettle and Sherlock. “You need medical attention, Sherlock. You need John. Even the lawyer says so. You needed him even before all the horrifying demons and…”
“You said John was supposed to be here this morning. He wasn’t.”
“Drop it!”
“Put the wind up everybody,” Sebastian-John went on, “we hated him...”
“And finally, no verbal communication,” Spaulding kept going, and Sherlock felt he was about to burst, “Write to him if it gets too much. Use an Ouija board, if necessary. That always irritates the hell out of a demon, if you’ll pardon the pun. The slower, the better. Nothing hinders true intimacy like long monologues with complicated words, if you catch my drift—”
“Of course he believes in demons,” Sherlock yawned, flapping his hands dismissively. “He’s the one who called the lawyer, or the priest, or whatever.”
Jim’s face broke into a maniacal grin, “Doesn’t it?”
The penny finally dropped. "Is this the first time you've tried to possess somebody?"
That statement endeared him to John even less, but the lawyer kept talking, wary of the anger in the flat.
“Tut-tut, Sherlock.” Out of nowhere, Moriarty stepped out from behind Seb, shaking his head. “Why won’t you just do what you’re told, Sherlock? I told you to die, but you didn’t. Mary told you not to tell John, but you still told him. Your life could’ve been easy-peasy if you had just
“She was until yesterday,” Sherlock corrected. “She’ll be back when I’m ‘cured’ or whatever term you have for Demon Removal.”
As if on cue, another book from Sherlock’s bookshelf made its descent into the dusty netherworlds of the 221B floor carpet. Numerous mailed letters and envelopes stabbed onto the mantlepiece freed themselves of the oppression of the penknives and sought to join their paperback comrades on the floor. It was as if an invisible miscreant was walking the length of the flat, displacing files, crockery, books, paraphernalia related to old cases one by one. Mrs Hudson curled into her chair, her faith in the supernatural rendering her utterly immobile.
“Nothing.”
“I’ve been trying to tell John about… your state, but every time he asks how it all happened, I just can’t explain it to him because I know he won’t understand. I don’t expect him to, he’s a doctor, after all. He wouldn't believe in demons—”
Mrs Hudson crossed her arms defensively. “You weren’t letting me in.”
John never actually said that he couldn’t lose Sherlock again.
“Food,” Sherlock grunted, and John shut the flashlight off, satisfied. He massaged the back of Sherlock’s head, and it gave a twinge. John’s fingers expertly kneaded the swollen area, and Sherlock leaned into the sensation. It still hurt, but the pain was the nice kind, the sort when one stands up and stretches after a long period of sitting.
“Here you are, Sherlock. A nice cuppa,” Mrs Hudson strode in, carrying two steaming cups of tea. Sherlock wanted to point out that John usually liked his tea in his mug, but stopped himself before he could say that out loud. Mrs Hudson was the source of food in the house, and one mustn’t make holes in the plate one eats from.
John first spoke to him only when the bruises first appeared on Sherlock’s body. Bruises that had signalled Moriarty's growing demonic influence over Sherlock.
“No questions,” Mrs Hudson’s brows creased with worry, “What next?”
"Stop it!" Sherlock bellowed, unable to take in any longer, "Can you please—?"
“Sherlock,” Mrs Hudson’s worried voice interrupted his thoughts, “are you alright?”
The lawyer. Spaulding or whatever he was.
called,” John clarified sourly, perhaps at not being given due credit, “Reverend Munroe christened Rosie. He’s capable of handling this. Exorcism. You know?”
As black as Mary’s assassin gear.
“Uh-no,” Spaulding flashed Mrs Hudson a grin that was too white to be natural, “Don’t want to drink anything from a house with a presence. Got too many of ’em demons bankrolling me, if you’ll pardon the pun.”
Moriarty drawled,
“Gr-Greg,” Sherlock panted, turning to his right, “Please. Let me go, please... John,” he turned to his final hope, “John, please...”
Terror seized Sherlock as he began to lose control of his limbs. He was always in control of himself and now this supposedly supernatural entity was taking over. Vince Spaulding reeled backwards in his seat, looking fearful for the first time, both of Mrs Hudson and of Sherlock’s arms contorting against his will.
“Six syllables,” Sherlock wheezed, but the lawyer pretended he didn’t hear him. Sherlock did not like it. For some reason, it took a lot of energy for Sherlock to correct the man, but mortal peril didn’t justify leaving mistakes uncorrected.
John did not look up from the magazines. “Yeah?”
“Insulting, isn’t it?” Moriarty bared his teeth threateningly, hissing, even as Sherlock kept struggling against Mary’s palm. “I’m sorta jealous, you know. Guess he’s more terrified of you.”
He contemplated adding a ‘you useless sod’ out of sheer pettiness, but the reply came almost instantaneously.
been considering hiring someone to feed him while he’s working away on his laptop on god knows what. I can’t keep climbing those stairs all the time with this hip—”
So, Sherlock lay awake in his bed, staring at the ceiling, thinking that above him lay John and his daughter in the crib next to him. Sherlock had offered John and Rosie his room when they had moved back in: he didn’t sleep during the night anymore, but he’d feel more at peace if John did. But John, feeling himself a burden, had refused before Sherlock could even finish his sentence. And Sherlock had tried not to dwell on the fact that he’d had to use Mrs Hudson as bait for Rosie’s childcaring needs to bribe John into moving back into 221B.
She looked away, and Sherlock followed her gaze. Moriarty, Mary, John, Seb, Lestrade, they were all back, all towering over him as he lay on the floor, spluttering and helpless. Mary drew her gun, pointing it at his heart, her eyes glittering with steel-like resolve. It wasn’t Serbia anymore. He was back in university, back in Sixth Form, back in kindergarten, broken, bloodied, with a group of older, stronger peers standing over him in a circle while his vision began to dim.
“Multitasking is heavily frowned upon in Hell, that’s why. I know you like to think of Hell as some backward, lawless, uncivilised sort of eternal damnation place, but believe me, they are quite liberal. They want all their demons to have fun, you know. Equal opportunity employers and all that, yada-yada. So, you can tell Dr Watson that his daughter is perfectly safe here.”
“It’s... happening all over again,” she said, her voice breaking. “Moriarty is… I’m… trying… trying to fix things… for the two of you, but you just… don’t take anything seriously…”
The first time Sherlock noticed it was when his skull clattered to the ground.
The mirror cabinet atop the sink caught his eye.
“Er, what—?”
“It.”
“No new ones since he disappeared yesterday eve—”
“Are you okay, dear?” Mrs Hudson frowned as Sherlock yielded to John’s expert hands, “You’re... moving weirdly.”
“Perk?” John was starting to sound alarmed. “For what?!”
His gaze went to the kitchen knife on a cutting board, and he found himself wondering something that he often wondered about a lot of people: would Mrs Hudson ever murder him out of spite? Probably not, especially if her back was acting up that day.
He frowned, and the mirror frowned back, the writing rendering his reflection much more ominous. Was this ketchup? Or blood? A sniff and a—he was about to lick it when he remembered one of the blood samples in the fridge contained a culture of a rare pathogen on which he had hoped to get John’s input.
Moriarty’s voice went quiet and, for a blissful moment, Sherlock was relieved it was over. He checked for his pulse and the temperature of his brow before turning to trudge back to his bedroom. But as soon as he turned—
“Alright. I’ll get you a cold compress,” John said while Mrs Hudson helped Sherlock to his armchair and turned her scrutiny onto Spaulding.
to be suspended in the glorious uncertainty of the moment: the moment where John wanted to stay with him, and didn’t want to stay with him simultaneously. To open his eyes, to open the box was too frightening a prospect for Sherlock, and the scream of his blood raged in his ears, blocking out all sound and all senses.
While Sherlock was too out of it to fully fathom why it was happening, Spaulding took note of the disturbance and trimmed his smooth-talking a bit.
(buzz)
“Can you give me an idea of when the occurrences began? Once you give me a clear picture, I can tell you if it is what you think it is.”
Terrible song choice, Sherly-boy. Should’ve gone with ‘I’m alone and fabulous’ vibes. That would’ve really stuck it to John.”
"I'm peeing!"
“So, let’s begin.” Spaulding sat with a notepad in one hand, elbow resting against a black, polished portable Underwood carriage return typewriter retrofitted with demon hieroglyphics. Sherlock glanced at it curiously from the sofa he was splayed over; he had no idea they still made those typewriters. He’d have to update his typewriter model index in his mind palace. “Your medical symptoms, first. Headaches or migraines—?”
A few times he’d lock eyes with Sherlock and give him an embarrassed smile before going back to his dish.
“Uh yeah...how’s the case you’re not supposed to talk about?” John asked.
Sherlock gave him a look as if to say ‘it’s really obvious you know’. “Let’s start with your clothes, shall we? On the days you have practice you tend to wear clothing that can be easily pulled on and off again. Usually a t-shirt and shorts, given that you’ve taken to showering after practice. On days you don’t have practice, you tend to favor a nice button up or flannel with a pair of jeans. Mostly skinny jeans that flatter your arse.”
“No,” John rolled his eyes. “Just wasn’t expecting it.”
“Better than the use of any drug,” Sherlock answered honestly. “I...Thank you John. Really.”
Sherlock bit back a retort and helped John into sitting position. He grabbed one of John’s other jacket’s hanging in his closet and helped him into it before grabbing shoes and helping John into those.
Sherlock leaned down and pressed a kiss to his stomach. “I’m going to do everything in my power to make sure the two of you will always know how much I love you and that I will never leave you. This is a promise.”
John rolled his eyes and stepped towards Sherlock. “Care to elaborate or am I supposed to let you have your way with me.”
Also going to add these past three chapters haven't been beta'd
“My name is Sherlock Holmes. You may address me as Professor Holmes and only Professor Holmes. Not Holmes, not Mr. Holmes, and not Sherlock,” he wrote the title on the board with a quick flourish, “and for those of you who grew up hearing ‘there is no such thing as a stupid question’,” the click of the cap on the pen sounded like a bang as he turned to face the class again, “that’s wrong. There are such things as a stupid question and I will tell you so. Any questions?”
“Right then, what do you recommend?” John asked as he picked up his menu.
Sherlock thought back earlier that evening and this time stood up. He walked out into the hall catching John just as he was about to go back upstairs. “You didn’t eat dinner. Or lunch for that matter.”
“How about,” John closed his menu after another glance, “you order for me.”
“Good morning indeed, gentleman.”
“Haven’t you heard? I’m a knight in black Belstaff, it’s my duty to know where the damsels are,” Sherlock answered.
“Don’t play coy,” Sherlock answered he leaned back on the couch. He started to unwrap the sandwich. “If I recall, I proved just how much I like your ass.”
“Just sugar in tea for now,” John answered.
“Did you now?” John asked as he stood up.
Next chapter will be a bit longer and more John in his rugby uniform and Sherlock definitely having a few ideas
“I wondered if you were going to approach or not,” Sherlock told him as he leaned back against the desk. He crossed his arms over his chest.
“Would you have offered to put it on then?” John asked.
“Oh yes, I really enjoyed reading about the case with the serial killer who based each murder off of a classical literature death,” she answered.
So glad you guys are enjoying this story! Another morning after for our dear John, fair warning the next few chapters are a bit angsty but fluff and romance is on the horizon!
“But...she’s married, she’s got kids, and she knows you and I are engaged and having a child,” Sherlock frowned.
“Perfectly normal you say?” Sherlock asked.
“I...I’m sorry...I shouldn’t...what I said…”
“That’s...that’s wonderful!” Sherlock grinned. “Oh there’s so much we can do with all that extra time! And mummy will be so excited, she’s really been hinting that she’d love for us to come to see her before she and father go on their cruise.”
“I did.”
He set the phone aside and finished brushing his teeth. He shoved his phone into his back pocket and grabbed his backpack and keys as he left his dorm and locked the door behind him.
“You haven’t moved from that seat since you came in nearly an hour ago,” the man replied. He sounded amused.
“Back against the headboard,” John answered.
“Top shelf dear, had to keep them away from your father,” she told him.
“John Locke?”
So we finally get to hear the baby's heartbeat! And Sherlock's finally realized some extra feelings about our lovely doctor.
Though his mind wandered back to a few nights previous and Sherlock. Despite how much he tried to forget about him, he kept popping up in the back of his mind. He was still pissed that’d he’d been lied to, disappointed in himself for falling for it, and horrified that the man’s girlfriend had seen them no less. In their
“Seven people,” Sherlock said as he pocketed his phone. “Mummy and father have a prior engagement. But they want us to join them for Christmas.”
“I’m fine, I’ve done it for longer,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “Eating and sleeping slows the brain process.”
“What?” John blinked.
“Just one of the students I’m advising,” Sherlock answered with a dismissive wave of his hand. “It’s getting close to graduation season for some and they’ve already begun to call and ask for a letter of recommendation.”
John looked between the box and his flatmate. “Sherlock…”
“I’m not so easy as to just jump into bed with a man on the first date,” John teased. “I do have morals.”
Sherlock mentally waved away Mycroft’s voice in his head.
They were both breathing deeply as John sank down one last time fully seated and Sherlock moaned at the feeling of John’s muscles twitching and clenching around him. He was never going to get tired of being inside John.
“Who said I need your help?” John suddenly snapped.
“I’m twenty two...just in case you were wondering,” John said as he set the list aside.
“Good evening.”
“That’s the last time I go swimming in the Thames…”
“Come on, bags upstairs Sherlock,” Mrs. Holmes smiled.
“I didn’t realize you and DI Monae were on a first name basis,” John said as he sat back on the couch. “And didn’t realize she had a medical degree as well. Good for her.”
“I know it takes awhile,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively as their waiter brought over a basket of garlic bread. “I’ve nothing to be disappointed about. Wine?”
He saw the man’s cheeks tinge pink a little at the exclamation and found himself suddenly occupied with some of the medical supplies.
“I love you…” Sherlock whispered to the empty air.
“Seems like it yeah,” John agreed. “Look, we...we had fun and some bloody fantastic sex but we can’t do that again.”
“What?” John blinked. “Sorry it’s just..uh...bit pricey isn’t it?”
Sherlock looked up sharply at the sound of John’s voice and found the other man looking at him with hooded eyes. He looked better than he had nearly a day ago. The color returned to his cheeks and his fever had dropped significantly.
“Nothing,” Sherlock turned slightly to get a better look at him.
Two Chapters in almost two weeks? You bet!
“Sweet dreams, darling,” she answered.
“Doesn’t matter,” John reached up and cupped Sherlock’s face. “I don’t...we don’t know how long we’ll have together, but you and I? We’re together, and…-”
“Really? Your phone went straight to voicemail,” John replied. “Sherlock?” John frowned as the detective suddenly sat up and pulled his phone out of his pocket. “Sherlock?”
“Oh, I thought we might try it the old-fashioned way,” Sherlock said.
The stores Sherlock picked up his clothes from are Charles Tyrwhitt, Burton's Menswear and Hackett London. I made up the maternity store for John.
“I love you,” Sherlock sighed into the kiss as he wrapped his arms around John waist.
Sherlock carefully pulled his fingers out and poured more lube into his hand and hissed a little as the cold touched his skin. He braced one hand on the side of John’s head using the other to guide himself to John’s entrance.
The bottle of wine was quickly finished between the two of them. John’s cheeks had a permanent flushed look to them as they’d set down their forks and the waiter cleared the plates away.
Kicks.
There was shuffling on the other side of the door and an exhale, most likely Sherlock shifting positions. Had he been sitting in front of the door the whole time? John knew Sherlock knew the door wasn’t locked, but he was respecting John’s need for space to calm down and that was bringing John dangerously close to tears again.
“I don’t mind,” John rolled onto his side.
What felt like hours, perhaps a half hour at most, passed before Sherlock was finally admitted into the room. He was by John’s side in an instant slipping a clammy hand into his own.
“But this one is
“In the past, I’ve been told my idea of a date has been...subpar at best…” Sherlock fingered the hem of John’s jacket.
Sherlock’s shifted and John squeezed his biceps again.
“Course Mr. Holmes, what can I do for you?” he asked.
“As you can see, I’ve taken the liberty of cleaning off the table. And,” he turned on his heel and made his way to the kitchen, “I’ve bought us a new fridge. “ He then opened the door. “I took the liberty of stocking it with food. And you can see, no heads, fingers, or various body parts.”
“I have no intention of stopping,” Sherlock said briefly before he pulled John closer by his thighs and hooked his legs over his shoulder.
“Ignore it,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively.
Sherlock mentally shook his head as he typed out his reply.
John slipped off his shoes and sat on his bed suddenly exposed. He rubbed his hands together not sure of what to say.
“And I’m not asking you to eat now am I? I’m telling you, see the difference?” John replied.
Sherlock chuckled and sat next to John on the couch. He draped his arm across the back of John’s shoulders and bent his head down to kiss his temple.
It still gave Sherlock chills to think about.
“Might be a nice touch,” John answered.
“Out,” John pointed to the bedroom door.
Sherlock helped John out of the car as it pulled to a stop in front of the hospital and kept his arms wrapped around him as they walked inside. A nurse was already waiting for them, and Sherlock made a mental note to thank Mycroft.
“I can’t very well call you gorgeous now can I?” he teased.
“I suppose I should tell you that I’ll be turning thirty-five this year then,” Sherlock replied with a wry smile.
“Nice and strong innit?” Dr. Carters smiled. “Would you like a few pictures or a short video? Won’t be long mind you, probably just-”
“Oh, no, it was just fine,” John assured her as he hugged her back. “We had to stop a couple times along the way but Sherlock was very understanding.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I wonder why,” Sherlock deadpanned. “I’m busy.”
Sherlock looked back down at the menu and closed it when the waiter returned.
John raised his arms so Sherlock took to pull his sweater and t-shirt off, both pieces of clothing landed on the floor. Sherlock’s belt joined a second later with a small thud as the buckle hit the wood floor. They each worked their own pants off and John blushed a little under Sherlock’s intense gaze.
“That man loves you Sherlock, I could see the first time we met him, and you love him,” Mrs. Holmes reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. “I understand if you two think it’s too soon to be talking about it, but I just know you would even happier together.”
“But why name him?” Sherlock answered. “Out of all the easy ones:  Plato, Aristotle, Confucius, Socrates, Voltaire...and yet you chose John Locke. I’m merely curious as to why.”
Sherlock looked back down at his phone as it buzzed and chuckled as he read over the message from Molly.
Sherlock chuckled and grabbed the bottle of lube he’d stashed under the pillow when he’d left their bags in the room and poured a bit into his hand to coat his fingers. He made sure to be quick but thorough with the prep, Sherlock knew for a fact he himself was not going to last very long but he wanted it to be good for John.
Sherlock turned and walked back to the sitting room. He picked up the stack of paper he’d left on the coffee table and picked up his pen resuming the composition he’d been working on earlier that evening.
Sherlock let the name roll off his tongue. “Would you like to come back to my place, John? I promise I’ve got better music.”
“Ooh, now that’s exciting,” he grinned.
“Off.” He pulled the waistband of John’s briefs and let it snap against his skin with his free hand.
“Yes well, I found a better doctor,” Sherlock repeated.
“I’m sure we’ll find out,” Sherlock said as one of the nurses called them.
“Really? And when did you read this?” John asked.
“No buts.” He interrupted sharply. “No excuses.”
“Alright. And…?” John asked. He sat up as Sherlock moved to join him on the couch.
“No-”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes a fraction but dropped his hand. “If you’re sure.”
He put his hands on John’s hips for balance and his head fell against the headboard. “Fuck…” He squeezed his eyes shut. If he looked, he’d cum. Simple as that.
“What’s this about spending more time with me?” Sherlock asked as he walked into the lab. He gave Molly back the keys to the morgue. “All the bodies have the same tattoo, same design.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Wish I was.”
Sherlock gave John’s abdomen a pointed look before he looked back at the doctor. “You count as two.”
John may have moved a little closer as the lights lowered. Their hands were still together, not that he was paying attention to how long they’d been holding hands now.
He sent a quick text to Mycroft, and five minutes later Sherlock was helping John into a sleek black car.
“Never did this when we were trying did we?” John chuckled as he got in Sherlock’s lap and started to guide him into his entrance.
Sherlock repeated the three words in his head like a mantra.
“So you
fantastic,” Sherlock reached around to squeeze a bit of John’s ass and helped him raise himself just a little before coming back down and
John could practically feel the man smirking behind his back.
Sherlock stood up and walked over to the dining room table and it was then John noticed the table was cleared of the usual beakers, questionable chemicals, and medical supplies.
John’s lips twitched amused.
John’s toes curled and he moaned at the long strokes of Sherlock’s tongue.
“I thought you don’t do that sort of thing,” John said.
“I’m fine, just a headache. I get them from time to time,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively and swayed on his feet.
Sherlock stroked him through it and gave a few more thrusts before he came. He gave a few more languid thrusts before carefully pulling out and rolling over to lay next to him.
John came first coating both of their stomachs and his muffled shout of Sherlock’s name, with Sherlock coming only seconds after, squeezing one of John’s hips hard enough to leave fingerprints. John slumped against Sherlock as Sherlock slumped back against the headboard panting.
“You’re making that face again. Did I do something wrong?” Sherlock asked. “Would you prefer a bassinet instead? I’m sure we could find one.”
There was a wistful smile on Sherlock’s face but it turned bitter as he drank his wine. “But he wasn’t different. He...blackmailed me at the end of the semester, and when I wouldn’t comply he went to the school board. After a sizeable donation both to the school, and to his bank account, I ‘resigned’...and Irene is becoming my girlfriend…” he finished as he looked at John. “So when I say you’re different John. I mean it in the most positive way I am able to express. Maybe it’s why I tried to pursue you, even though I could get caught, or you could turn out to just be using me…I...l like being with you John, despite the risks…”
No one raised their hand and he smiled. “Excellent. Let’s start with the syllabus.” He pulled a stack of papers out of his briefcase and dropped them on the desk of some poor man at the front of the classroom. “As you can see, I’ve made a few changes. Unlike Dr. Nozik, I will not accept anything half-assed. Most of you are completely capable of writing complete thoughts and I expect as such.”
“I’m sorry,” the man smiled more.
“You said yes.” He repeated more insistently.
“No. No, I think that’s an excellent act of redemption,” John told him. “Thanks…” He shoved his hands in his pockets and started for the door.
“Relax John, or you’re going to pass out,” Sherlock instructed.
John grabbed his phone off of the coffee table and quickly pulled up Sherlock’s number and held the phone to his ear.
He let go once he was sure it wasn’t going to fall to the floor, Sherlock wouldn’t have minded. The wine was not the worst thing to stain his floor.
Sherlock chuckled. “My ego thanks you.”
“You exhaust me,” she pulled on her coat. “Thank God for Kate.”
“Whatever,” Moran huffed and walked away.
“Doesn’t feel innocent,” John pointed out.
“A date?” Sherlock frowned. “Date for what?”
“Why don’t you go start and I’ll join in a moment. I’ve got to at least change the sheets,” Sherlock told him.
He found his jeans on the floor next to the closet and his shirt tossed over a lamp. His shoes were next to the bedroom door and his socks, he gave up after only two seconds of searching, he could buy more.
“Have the two of you thought about another baby after this one?” Mrs. Holmes asked as he sat down.
“I think...drinks are in order,” Sherlock answered as he stepped back. “I've got a lovely bottle of red from my mother she sent as a present for my new job.”
“You’re kidding,” John laughed. “Jump on desks? What mid-lecture?”
John squeezed his eyes shut and turned his head away at the feeling of warm sun on his face. The arm around his waist tightened and tried to pull him in closer than he already was.
He tugged at John’s jumper until the soft fabric was off and tossed into some random direction of the room. John worked on the shirt he’d worn underneath off while Sherlock attempted to get his suit coat. After a minute he let out a frustrated huff and pulled. He ignored the little ‘clinks’ as buttons landed on the floor in different directions. The jacket was tossed, his shirt followed a second later.
Only, they hadn’t had they? No. They ignored it. They eye fucked and John wussed out and left. God, he had wanted to stay so bad. They didn’t even have to have sex, sex was honestly the furthest thought from his mind then. Just being there. With
was written in red capitals, underlined and circled.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She thought it’d be a good idea if I sobered up a bit before I came home,” Sherlock replied.
John turned on his heel and walked upstairs to his bedroom and proceeded to sleep for the next eight hours.
“I don’t know...ten thirty or so?” John answered. “Why?”
“That is proper date etiquette isn’t it?” Sherlock replied. “Alright, you go first.”
“It’s not going to happen straight away, Sherlock. We talked about this,” John told him as he walked over. “We can try again later. I’ve got to head off to the surgery. I’ll pick up some more tests on my way back home.”
“I’m sorry…” Sherlock blurted out. “I never should’ve dragged you with me.”
He tried to will away the guilt steadily mounting his guy as he looked at the man. He’d been close to skipping class in an effort to avoid him. Monday aTuesdayday had passed by easily enough given the class didn’t meet then, and none of his classes were in the science building, but he couldn’t risk missing a quiz grade.
“When did this start?” Sherlock asked.
“Forget dinner, let’s just get to the desert,” John said under his breath.
“Nope,” Sherlock grinned. “It’s a surprise.”
“Piss off,” Sherlock answered.
“Oh that’s brilliant,” Sherlock murmured.
“You’re lying…” John frowned. His cheeks were flushed from the alcohol.
Sherlock stabbed at his salad again. “And here I thought we were going to have a nice lunch. I’m not proposing and you can’t force me to.”
John blinked. “You haven’t slept since Monday?”
“Go on and start without me,” he said as he picked up the phone. “I’ll be but a moment.”
“She is now,” Mycroft replied.
Sherlock poured the dressing over his salad and stabbed at it with more force than necessary. “You gave Irene a key to my flat.”
John sniffed. “Well then stop being nice…be an arse. Be rude and inconsiderate and a prick and...and…”
Sherlock looked back up with a frown the tense air suddenly dispersed. “You bought me that
“Bored? How can I be bored when I’ve got the two of you?” Sherlock asked as he reached down to cup John’s abdomen. “John, when I found out that you decided to take your leave early, the first thing I thought wasn’t how long until the next case, but how we’ll spend these next few months together...getting ready for the arrival of our baby.”
“Jeez,” John gave him a sympathetic smile. “And your parents really won’t let you share a room with anyone you happen to be seeing?”
“That’s enough,” Mycroft interrupted sharply. “We are not going to be having this conversation again. Now I’ve done my best to smooth the ruffled feathers. Mother and father do not need to know the details, though I will tell them if you insist on lingering.”
Therefore… that feeling, that terrible feeling, that nagging sensation that something was wrong, something was out of place was justified after all. Sherlock was right, and if there ever was a time he had not wanted to be right, this was it, and cursedly enough, he was right.
Vince Spaulding, Esquire, had finally introduced himself to them as a ‘Demon Law Specialist’, in addition to his second hobby of threatening the NHS with negligence suits, which earned him John’s instant disgust. Thankfully, the headache was intense enough for Sherlock to suspend his disbelief and actually listen to Spaulding’s version of facts: that, just like the natural world, the netherworld was also bound by inviolable laws, exercised through legal contracts and letters of engagement.
“Kill yourself,” Jim struck again, and Sherlock nearly dropped his phone.
“Shut up, John!” Sherlock couldn’t tolerate the multiple voices interrupting each other anymore, “Let the man speak!”
For the last two years, sleep had avoided him like a spouse in a thirty-year-old loveless marriage: unacknowledging, unsatisfying, and always ready to strike with the same snide remark of
“You’ve done enough!” Mrs Hudson snapped, “Now. Leave.”
“Yes,” John said, “an exorcism.”
“Kitchen!” Mrs Hudson snapped at Sherlock. “Now!”
Sherlock almost rolled his eyes. Spaulding’s money-grubbing ways made him want to set up booby traps with hundred-quid bills around the flat just to see if the man would be stupid enough to fall for them.
Mrs Hudson took a step back, “Isn’t it a bit nippy in here? Why don’t you turn up the heating, Sherlock?”
“W-what?” Sherlock tried to sit up. His phone pinged loudly on the bedside cabinet, breaking him out of his drowsiness. “Why are you—?”
Then came the shock, falling over him like a landslide.
“Now,” Spaulding turned to Mrs Hudson, “since your man is still a newbie, he is most likely accompanied by an experienced demon who
It happened rarely, but Sherlock had no idea how to respond to that. So, he opted to gather more data by silently listening to the man, which hurt his ears far more than listening to hapless younglings at the Yard question witnesses.
“Sherl—”
But before Sherlock could process the situation in the context of their presumably ecclesiastical visitor, the lawyer in question—a cleanshaven fiftysomething dressed in a bespoke suit smelling of courthouse coffee—had scaled the steps up to 221B and approached their flat without being invited in. Mrs Hudson gave a startled jump at the presence behind her, and Jim chose that moment to flicked the headphones off the bovine skull on the living room wall. The headphones clattered onto a dusty pile of books, causing something resembling a hyper-localised sandstorm in the general area of the living room table.
“My firstborn, Mr Holmes!” the client chastised, “The cult asked for my ‘firstborn’!”
Some references and trivia:
John’s eyes practically bulged out of their sockets, “Sorry
3) “Surprise, motherf*cker!” is quoted from Sergeant Doakes in Dexter Season 1 Finale (before Moriarty is so rudely interrupted by a slap on his head).
“... Wasn’t supposed to materialise tonight... burning smell of sulfur on first day... ugh, I’m going to have to come back tomorrow and repeat...”
At that very moment, his phone pinged, a welcome reverie from the constant auditory harassment. It was a text from John.
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson called from the kitchen, “I’m putting some ginger in your tea. Is that okay?”
“Well, fever’s gone down a bit. So has the sweating. You should take a shower before that tea.”
“Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson exclaimed in a manner that tried to make light of the situation. “Although you did do that, didn’t you, John? Remember?”
"—I will actually kill myself?"
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock saw John shake his head as he approached with the tea. Sherlock’s skull was still throbbing painfully, so much so that John’s approach seemed like a slow-motion vertigo zoom, making the kitchen background warp around John, distorting Sherlock’s sense of perspective and stabbing at the back of his eyes. The unease prickled under his skin, making Sherlock want to crawl out of his own body to correct the inconsistencies he was seeing.
A long-ish chapter. Sorry for the delay. I've had this sitting in my computer as a draft for months but I felt it needed more and more edits and now here it is!
“Oh, sure, dear,” Mrs Hudson said in a flat voice. “Dreaming about murders. That’s a thing you do, isn’t it?”
1) (Sir) Tim Berners-Lee: the director of the W3C, the organisation responsible for maintaining the ISO standards for the World Wide Web. He's colloquially known as the founder of the internet in 1989, which is sort of misleading as there’s more to the internet than the WWW. He began it with developing HTTP protocols, but yeah, he's responsible for the internet functioning the way it does today. We all owe him a ton of gratitude.
Sherlock gritted his teeth at the constant bi-directional harassment, stomping over to John to indicate his displeasure.
“How would he move out,” Mrs Hudson said carefully, “if he never moved in in the first place?”
“Now that Mr Holmes has become a vessel, our focus must be on cutting off all communication with the demon. The more you indulge it, the more it feeds off you. Right now, you must be feeling knackered; that’s the entity fighting to take control of you. The more he fights, the weaker you get, and the likelier you are to surrender your free will to him. Like a virus weakens the immune system and makes you susceptible even to common cold, that sort of thing. Questions?”
“What is this?” she demanded, scowling at the lawyer and then at the pages. “What the bloody hell is written here? Is this...” she squinted harder at the shapes, “a language?”
“Surely you don’t think the demons just magically know how to possess a human, do you, Mr Holmes?” Spaulding snorted. “It requires years of training. Possession is a science; its effectiveness depends on how quickly a person’s free will can be compromised so that they give the entity permission to enter them. It’s basically psychological AIDS.”
He scowled at his phone screen, feeling his eyes sting at the onslaught of blue light. There were several missed calls and messages. Some from Mycroft, as usual. Some from the lawyer. And a few texts from John while he was passed out.
The corner of Mrs Hudson’s lip turned downwards in hurt, but Sherlock held his ground. It was the truth after all, and the truth made up for injured feelings. To her credit, Mrs Hudson absorbed the blow and went on as if Sherlock had said nothing hurtful.
Sherlock barely saw anything of John or Rosie as Jim invaded each aspect of his day every day, wreaking havoc on his focus and stopping him from reading the multitude of unread emails containing potential cases. It was almost as if John was the ghost and Jim his real flatmate.
Sherlock heard a frightened gasp on the other side of the living room door. Was Mrs Hudson listening in? Didn’t she understand the meaning of a closed door? Well, to be fair, he didn’t, so why should she?
Spaulding’s voice dropped into an annoyed hiss. “Bruises or any general injuri—?”
“There’s something I never thought I’d hear you say, so 50-50 chance you’ve got a concussion,” John tried a chuckle, but it fell flat.
(buzz)
“Oh, forget about my will, Mr Spaulding!” Mrs Hudson exclaimed, appalled. “I am not the priority right now, and I’m not dying anytime soon! You tend to him!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock felt his brain go haywire, not just because of the fever and the stabbing sensation in his backbone or the dull throb in his skull, starting all the way from his neck, but because of how simply and straightforwardly John expressed his feelings. This had to be a landmark achievement, the crowning jewel in Sherlock’s life’s work.
The man’s continued interest in Sherlock’s life irked him a bit. “Baby Watson. Dr Watson’s daughter.”
John frowned at Sherlock, somewhat offended. Sherlock wanted to tell John that he had been absent from The Game for far too long, hence the cold shoulder from the lawyer, but his head hurt too much to articulate the words. Somewhere, deep inside him, John’s stricken expression stroked up familiar feelings of vengeful satisfaction, feelings like,
“Huh, what? Soul, yes, got it.” Sherlock sat upright on the sofa. “I don’t care about some imaginary wispy thing that is apparently immortal and magically makes me talk and think. Just get rid of Moriarty so I can go back to cases.”
“Talk whatever you were talking before. And nobody,” Sherlock managed a white-hot glare at John and Mrs Hudson, “nobody interrupt him. I can’t tolerate more than one human voice at the moment. Now, answer the question.”
Thankfully, Jim never tried the same with John. Sherlock wasn’t sure why, but he knew in his bones Jim had something more sinister planned for John and Rosie, and that Jim was simply toying with Mrs Hudson to amp up Sherlock’s paranoia about what would finally happen when John would finally become aware of Jim’s presence.
But once she was gone, the flat fell into a dull silence. Even with the background noise of the city, the flat was deathly quiet. No sounds of Rosie’s crying, no John puttering about mixing baby formula or making sardonic comments about something he’d read in the paper. No Moriarty in his head. No crass comments about holes in bodies or losing consciousness without warning. Just… silence. Calm. Peaceful.
“You always do this, you know?” John continued in a low, resigned voice. “Go off and do whatever you want; never tell me what you’re up to.”
“You know he never takes phone calls…” Mrs Hudson was trying to defend him, even if only halfheartedly. “Only texting…”
“And he told me he would be sending a trusty chap over so they can figure out what is going on. ‘Possession termination’, that’s what he called it. Fancy word for exorcism,” Mrs Hudson added in an undertone.
Mrs Hudson turned to John, looking half-confused and defensive. “Worried?” She glanced at Sherlock. “Did Sherlock tell you?”
Jim wouldn’t leave him alone in the loo as well.
“Just as well.” Spaulding tossed the checklist on the table and turned his chair to start tapping the typewriter keys. “All the doctors I know are tied up in that NHS lawsuit. Thanks to me,” he added somewhat proudly. “Though, at this point, I’ve filed so many that I’ve lost track.”
In his bewilderment, Sherlock almost didn’t hear the scrape of feet against the bannister downstairs, followed by a harrumph, the sort one made when they returned to a home that they didn’t consider theirs anymore. Sherlock sniffed the air: Johnson & Johnson baby powder, sterilised cotton and lactose from milk too sweet for Sherlock’s taste. Conclusion: John. And Rosie. He was here. Sherlock thought he could hear heavy trunks being unloaded and the rolling sound of a pram’s wheels.
“If you must resort to reconnaissance, might I suggest using Rosie’s baby monitor next time? It’s a much more elegant way of spying on your tenants,” Sherlock said dryly. “Easier on the knees, too.”
Had he?
When Spaulding rose to take his leave with the half-finished possession termination contract in his hand, Sherlock made sure that he threw open the door sharply enough to expose Mrs Hudson’s hiding place. She let out a surprised yelp and almost dropped the glass she’d been using to eavesdrop on them but Sherlock dove and caught it just before it hit the floor.
“Different how?” John asked.
“And say this professor of yours, the one that’s been a...twat…,” Sherlock stood up and tossed the wrapping from the sandwich into the trash. “Say he apologizes for acting like said twat...would you accept his apology?”
“John?”
“What makes you think I’m interested?” Sherlock asked.
John Watson: 1 Cop Bitch: 0
Lestrade stood up at the knock on his office door and gave Sherlock a ‘behave’ look before opening the door and smiling at the woman on the other side. She was a bit taller than John with strawberry blonde hair, dark brown eyes, and lightly tanned skin. She was dressed in a fitted pantsuit, attention focused solely on Sherlock.
“I may have had too much wine, but not enough to give away the surprise,” Sherlock answered as the waiter returned.
“I trust your judgment,” John answered.
“Ahem right...well I thought, I’d like you to know that they’re empty and I plan to keep them empty because as we will be sharing custody of the baby when they are born…” he stepped a little to the side and John spotted the unopened box with a diagram of a crib on the front, “they can sleep with me some nights. Though I read it’s alright for baby’s to sleep in bed with the parents and seeing as I don’t usually sleep that can also be accommodated, but I thought you may be comfortable with a crib.”
John blinked and rolled over onto his side. “Convero...oh. Wow has it been two weeks already?”
“Yes, I’m quite familiar with that,” John chuckled. “People are going to talk.”
“What were you doing?” John asked curiously.
He got them to the couch and after a bit of maneuvering. The man was so unconscious, John probably could have arranged the man into the shape of a pretzel and he wouldn’t have woken up. In the end, John was sitting at the end of the couch with Sherlock’s head pillowed on his lap.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I didn’t realize I belonged to you,” Sherlock reached down to take his hand.
He tried not to think about the first time they had shared a cab together. He could still remember the feeling of John palming him through his pants and the almost blow job.
She dropped the briefs onto the bed and started to walk towards the open bedroom door. “You’re no fun, darling.”
“Make me,” John teased as he slipped around Sherlock and made a run for it.
“Why don’t you pick the date, and I’ll make sure my calendar is cleared,” Sherlock gave her a tight-lipped smile. “How’s that for being a big boy? Now if that’s all, I’ve got a class to teach.”
“You are?” Sherlock looked at John. “I thought you wanted to keep working until at least April.”
“I must warn you, I’m very good at charades,” Sherlock continued.
“New friend?” Sherlock asked.
“I read about it online, but found the lotion at a little apothecary shop during that case with the nun,” Sherlock answered. “I bought it a few weeks after we found out, and I had planned to give it to you when you started to show…”
“Would you like to have dinner?” Sherlock asked.
“No, of course not mummy…” Sherlock looked abashed. “It’s just...we hadn’t really discussed getting married. I never really thought John would want to have a baby with me, let alone considering having a life with me.”
In which Sherlock's not exactly subtle and John is a bit greatful.
Sherlock grimaced. “I had a roommate. Wasn’t fun.”
Sherlock’s voice closer now.
“Moran-”
“Disappointed. The only texts I received from you today were about dinner and one text asking about your cigarettes,” John answered.
“Come now, there is a bit of Q and A to this lecture,” he added. “I’ll start us off with an easy one. Plato. Now, you.” He pointed to a girl in the back of the room.
“Don’t tell anyone,” Sherlock chuckled. “Get some sleep John.”
“Is it that darling blond you had a few weeks ago? Now Sherlock, you know what happened last time,” she said. “It’d be a shame if I were to tell big brother what you’ve been up to.”
“I almost left you a message when he started, well, I did leave you a message but I left out the kicking part,” John told him.
Sherlock gave a small nod. “I’ve been told I can come on a little strong in certain things and-”
John barely contained a snort of laughter.
“Two spoons?” John asked as he drained the rest of his wine.
“Share you prat,” John frowned and reached for it again.
Sherlock took care of the bill once they’d finished and John had excused himself to use the bathroom and was standing to put on his coat when John returned.
“I could change my mind if you prefer,” Sherlock smirked teasingly.
“Yes John, do keep up,” Sherlock told him. “And I have my decision.”
“Chinese,” Sherlock answered. “Some of the acts mentioned are escapology, and acrobatics...Two tickets under Holmes.”
Sherlock’s voice still rang his head.
“Now, for the entertainment,” he grinned.
Sherlock walked back to the front of the room. “Learn from example people, do not simply blurt the first thing that comes to mind unless you’re prepared to expound on it.”
“Dinner,” Irene answered. “You’ve been avoiding me.”
Sherlock blushed and nodded as they cleaned up after themselves in the bathroom and made their way back to their bedroom. Sherlock would much rather sleep naked, but it was still cold and the idea of either of them getting sick was not a pleasant thought.
Sherlock looked concerned at John’s silence and John moved his hand to cup Sherlock’s cheek. “I want to go back to your place.”
“What do you want?” he asked.
“In return for being your human pillow, you have to eat his sandwich and drink this bottle of water,” John told him.
“At times yes,” Sherlock admitted. “Much to the amusement of my colleagues.”
His attempts were thwarted when it seemed like Sherlock didn’t want to let go. He let out a sigh and his head lolled to the side to rest on John’s shoulder. John closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
“Shall I start with my tongue or my fingers?” Sherlock mused as he tugged John’s towel off.
Sherlock reluctantly pulled away and took John’s hand in his. With a quick stop to grab their coats, they stumbled out into the night air. He flagged down a cab and rattled off his address. His breath caught in his throat as John reached down and squeezed him through his pants.
“Monday.”
“Bollocks,” Sherlock swore and crossed his arms over his chest.
John swallowed thickly and Sherlock smirked. He hooked his fingers into the waistband of his briefs and in by inch tugged them off.
“Someone with friends in very high places,” Sherlock answered. “Now, as I said, leave or be escorted to the Dean’s. You’re choice.”
“So I don't know what I get to eat for dinner?” John joked.
John stared at the clock on the wall. Half past ten and he’d heard no hide or hair from Sherlock since the detective had arrived for ‘drinks’ with DI Monae. He ran his fingers over his stomach and stilled when he felt a small bit of pressure against where his hand had laid.
“Sherlock…” John frowned at the brush off.
He let out a soft sigh as John started to react and reached up to curl his fingers in Sherlock’s hair. Not pulling. Just holding. Sherlock loathed to pull away but they were still wearing too many clothes.
“Why don’t you just,” John gasped and felt his toes curl at the flick of Sherlock’s tongue, “turn your phone off?”
“Mr. Watson, perhaps you’d like to what has captured your attention with the rest of the class? I assume it must be so interesting as you’ve been ignoring today’s lecture.”
“My parents think that I resigned from my former position because I didn’t want a job that had been handed down to me,” Sherlock interrupted as he opened the bottle of wine and set in on the coffee table.
John blushed and shifted a little as he looked at the other’s man face. Sherlock leaned down and pressed their lips together in a kiss.
“You said yes…” He whispered into his skin.
“And so it begins,” Sherlock leaned down and kissed John’s cheek and carried their bags upstairs to his room.
“The longer you stand there the longer I will keep you all after class,” Sherlock announced.
John wasted no time in removing the last article of clothing between them. His cheeks tinged pink again as he spread his legs.
“You’re hurting my feelings.”
“Never?” John raised an eyebrow.
“You get a fifty-word reprieve. You can either be over fifty words or under fifty words of the limit without any penalty. Anything after I will disregard. Think of your essay’s like blog posts. The human brain can only focus for so long and will stop being interested after a certain point. I do not allow rewrites, I am not flexible on due dates. This class meets twice a week for two hours a session. I’ve given you a list of every assignment well before the first is even supposed to be due. There is no excuse for failure.”
“No, I’m not Dr. Nozik. He has been dismissed on grounds I am not permitted to share with you, but they are grounds on which I will not be making the same mistake,” his eyes landed on John as he finished the sentence. His expression was unreadable as he looked at him. There was a brief pause before he turned on his heel and stalked to the board.
“Apologies…I seem to have lost a bit of self-control,” Sherlock swallowed.
So now that the boys have shared their feelings for each other, we can get to the good stuff!
“Humanity? Dull, why didn’t you tell them the truth?” Sherlock asked. “Seems like a perfect chance for you to gloat.”
their date is also going to be two parts so enjoy :)
He hung up and tucked his phone back into his pocket as Dr. Wright walked into the room.
“Dull,” Sherlock answered. “What was assumed to be a level nine was a disappointment. I’ve downgraded it to a level seven.”
He stepped into the room and found John still asleep in bed with the sheets bunched up around the foot of the bed. Sherlock set the phone on John’s dresser and walked over to the bed.
As promised another chapter! Bit more fluff coming your way.
Sherlock bit his lip and leaned forward his chair. “Can I...feel?”
He hung up when the line went dead and he tossed the phone onto the desk. He stared out the window awhile longer, John and the young woman had long since walked away, hand in hand much to his growing annoyance.
“Love you too. Be Careful,” John told him.
“I don’t think that’s any of your business, Professor Holmes,” John answered as he walked over to her.
John took his time, his fingers flexed as he gripped Sherlock’s shoulders. There’d be bruises and that was a nice little memento.
“Sensitive?” Sherlock asked innocently. He leaned down and sucked on one while lightly pinching the other.
“Why a professor?” John asked. “Of all the things to pick…”
“I assumed you’d have taken care of it,” Sherlock set the menu aside as the waitress walked over. “I’ll have a sparkling water, and the house salad. Dressing on the side. Extra croutons.”
John was really starting to hate that name.
“Bloody tease,” John panted.
“Excellent, I’m starving,” John sighed as he glanced over the menu. “Are you disappointed?”
“No,” John answered.
“Why’d you stop?” John whined.
John hoped Molly could feel the gratitude he felt for her at the moment. He could kiss her. Really.
“That explains why your cologne smells so bad,” John added as an afterthought.
“I seem to recall something about plundering booty,” Sherlock mused. “Specifically yours.”
“She was called away on an emergency,” the receptionist answered. “But Dr. Carters is just as excellent unless you’d prefer to reschedule.”
Sherlock looked back at John.
Sherlock changed shirts and pulled on his jacket. “When I get home, we’ll lounge on the couch and watch a few episodes of Doctor Who. I’ll even bring home ice cream.”
“You’re not wrong,” John had to agree.
“No, it’s not,” John’s voice cracked.
“Hmm?” Sherlock asked.
“What do you mean you canceled my appointment for this afternoon…? Have you suddenly changed your mind?” John asked carefully.
“Oh...right…” Sherlock frowned a little.
“I’ve got a match in the morning, but yeah, Saturday nights great,” John answered.
John barely registered the sound of rapidly retreating footsteps. He dug his fingers into his palms and squeezed his eyes shut.
“A joke?” John clenched his hands into fists. “Sadly, you and I don’t seem to share your twisted sense of humor. Trying to drug someone is not a joke.”
“No one’s without their battle scars…” Sherlock gave a small shrug. “Some are just on the inside instead of the out.”
“Whoever told you that, is clearly insane,” John told him. “It also makes me wonder what kind of dates you planned that made him think that if this is what you planned for ours.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and set his phone face down. “Alright fine, what are you talking about?”
“I didn’t want you to leave either,” Sherlock told him. “I
extra: I'm still working on getting my smut right so if it's a little wonky that's my bad lol
“Oh…you used them for argumentative purposes…” Sherlock said after a moment.
Sherlock braced both hands on either side of John’s head and leaned down to kiss as he thrust against those bundles of nerves feeling the way John clenched around him as he came with a stuttered breath.
Wallet? Check. Keys? Check. Breath mints? Check. Nerves of steel? Not check.
without further delay, the second part of the date!
“Mmm no, no I don’t think so,” John agreed with a teasing smile. “You don’t seem the type to take direct orders.”
“Of course there was,” Sherlock scoffed. “I noticed it within the first moment of meeting you. You’re unsure of yourself. I’d say as a result of growing up in the shadow of an elder sibling. Brother perhaps?”
Sherlock glanced over at the man that’d come to sit next to him almost twenty minutes ago. He had to lean in close to be heard over the pulsing beats of the music. He smelled clean, with the unmistakable scent of aftershave and lavender.
He paused and set his violin aside as he picked up his phone and sent John a quick test.
“When?” He kept his voice clipped.
John rocked back and forth on his heels as he waited outside of Sherlock’s office. The paper in his hand was close to ripping from the amount of force he’d been holding it with. There was a red mark on every single inch of the paper. He wished he’d been exaggerating, but he wasn’t. Three weeks. Three weeks he’d dealt with the man’s cold demeanor, his brush-offs and to top it off, he’d said his girlfriend was cheating on him!...Well, the last one had been true. But it was still a dick move.
“Very excellent French food,” Sherlock said. “Quiet atmosphere and...private.”
Sherlock chuckled. “Now, now let’s not be hasty, be a shame if the fun was over before it could begin.”
“I didn’t ask you to be my human pillow,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Yes, you say no, and tell her you’ve plans with your fiance, the man who is currently carrying your baby,” John told him.
John raised an eyebrow.
“Sherlock,” he interrupted.
“Goodnight Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock rolled his eyes but gave her a fond look. He turned his attention back to John once she went to her own apartment. “Shall we? I don’t want to miss our reservations.”
He still had two minutes before the class was meant to start and spent them setting his laptop up on the podium and getting it connected to the projector.
“Oh?” Sherlock asked.
Im gonna try and keep updates coming but they might be spotty due to the need to write some papers.
“Early evening I suppose,” Sherlock answered. “Five should suffice for everyone, I’ll need to rearrange some furniture, get a larger table...I suppose I could ask mummy for a few of her recipes.” He already had his phone in hand as he began composing a text to his mother. “Formal invitations?”
"Is that one of yours, too?"
Will's eyes are downcast. They glisten.
"I wrote the other for the two of you. This one is yours, John."
However, the wheels in that young mind were still turning. “Are there really over a dozen kinds of pauses?”
"Tedious. Stop panicking, John. Your virtue is intact." Sherlock took a breath, then released it. "It's chilly. You are warm. You fell asleep." He paused, looking back at his phone, rolling his eyes. "This won't turn you gay."
A slight smile curved John's lips and a feeling of warmth woke in his chest.
What she saw inside made her pause: Sherlock, still dressed as he had been, lying on top of his duvet, staring up at the ceiling, tears wet on his cheeks.
And that was just at home, quiet the two of us. I loved it, but it hardly counts as dancing with me at my wedding.
Not a man to do something so pedestrian, much less stupidly superstitious, as count his blessings, nonetheless the detective breathed a sigh of gratitude that his brother was not present at the wedding. Bad enough that Mrs Hudson, Molly and Lestrade had been lobbing platitudes in his direction for, it seemed weeks now. About things changing with marriage, about people moving on and growing apart and coming to terms with change and knowing that they'd be there for him.
