Instead of not reacting to this, like he had the first time, Sherlock leaned slightly into John’s hand and John smiled. He had spent so long wishing to run his hands through Sherlock’s hair, and now that he finally could he was going fully to enjoy it.
John shook his head. “Frozen still isn’t a Christmas movie,” he said.
When John woke up he noticed that Sherlock, who was laying next to him, had a slight sheen of sweat on his face and was looking incredibly uncomfortable. He furrowed his brow in concern, but got out of bed and went to the kitchen without disturbing him. He made coffee and breakfast and sat down at the table, opening his laptop to work on a blog post. He typed for sometime before glancing up at the clock in the upper corner of his screen and realizing Sherlock was still in bed. Even for Sherlock, who was never an early riser, sleeping this late was unusual. He went back into the bedroom, where Sherlock had rolled from his stomach into a ball on his side. Beads of sweat were dripping down his forehead and his cheeks looked red, as though he’d been running.
“What? I don’t want to,” Sherlock said, “come sit in my lap again.”
“Annie,” the girl said. Annie, a brown and white English Springer Spaniel, was wagging her tail enthusiastically as Sherlock rubbed his hands along the sides of he face and neck. “Your boyfriend really likes dogs,” the girl remarked.
Mrs. Hudson looked at them expectantly and urged them on. “Well, open them,” she said.
“I did no such thing,” replied Sherlock.
Sherlock, who had gone back to inspecting the cadaver’s toes and hadn’t seen Molly’s reaction made a hmming noise of his own. “Yes, Mycroft is just here to pester me about me boyfriend.” In any other circumstance John would have done a happy dance at being referred to as Sherlock’s “boyfriend,” but look on Molly’s face stopped him.
“First of all,” said John, laughing, “snowball fights are rarely agreed upon before hand. Second of all, this is how you make a snowman. Here, do what I’m doing,” Sherlock leaned down suspiciously and copied John’s snowball, seeming less defensive now that he had a weapon of his own, should he need it, Sherlock followed John’s lead and added more snow to his ball, until eventually it was big enough to roll along the ground, getting bigger and bigger, until eventually John and Sherlock had the bottom and middle portions of the snowman.
“He said to give these to you,” he said. John nodded and continued waiting, eating a few chips as the minutes ticked by. At one point he heard raised voices coming from behind the door, but they were too muffled to understand. Both John and the kid looked at the door, then at each other. A few moments later Sherlock appeared, leading a tall burly man, who looked like a larger, less weedy version of the kid behind the counter, by the shoulder. He steered the man into a seat a few tables away from John.
“Sure it does, it brings people together.”
Mrs. Hudson beamed at them, “don’t you two look nice?” she asked. John and Sherlock shared a dubious look,  it neither denied it. “Well, I’ll leave you to it,” she said, standing, “but I wanted to give them to you now so you’d have the whole Christmas season to wear them.” She smiled and left, pausing to wish them a happy Christmas before shutting the door behind herself. She left a very happy Sherlock and a very perplexed John in her wake, both of whom were getting very toasty, but neither of whom were planning on taking off their sweaters any time soon.
“Molly,” said Mrs. Hudson, cutting her off “I like it a lot, thank you.” Molly’s chest seemed to deflate in relief. She nodded, as if she was reassuring herself.
“I’m going to take this as an offer to carry me around everywhere from now on,” John told him. Sherlock smiled, totally fine with the prospect of carry John from place to place. His strong arms circled John’s waist as he mounted the first step and began carrying John, laughing, up the stairs.
“Good, I’m going to get you some orange juice, you need lots vitamin c, and refill your water glass. Here’s some Tylenol,” he said, pulling out the box and handing it to Sherlock, who began to open it. John went to the kitchen to get him the orange juice and when he got back Sherlock had resumed reading his paper. He took the cup without a word and John went into the living room to continue writing his blog post.
“I know dear,” she said, standing to go back downstairs, “I just hope it doesn’t kill my tomato plants in the process.”
Sherlock put away his Bunsen burner and surveyed the table. It was still covered with scientific equipment, test tubes and pipettes were strewn everywhere and his microscope stood where it always did. John stood next to him, resting his head on his shoulder. “You know, I thought you would be a lot less squeamish about this stuff,” Sherlock said, “considering that you’re a doctor.”
Mycroft started to leave, but before he was fully out the door Sherlock called out “say hi to Greg for me.”
“Oh no, thank you dear,” she said, “I’ve got errands to run, but I’ll see you boys later.” When they got outside they went in opposite directions. As John and Sherlock stared their long walk home Sherlock pulled his candy cane out of his pocket and bit open the plastic.
“Basically,” Sherlock said. “Her fingerprints revealed her identity. She works in government. I figured everything out after that but Lestrade doesn’t believe me. I don’t know why I help him if he’s not going to listen to me when I solve his cases for him.”
“I’ve got photos,” called an investigator from a few feet away, holding up his camera.
“Did you solve it?” John asked from his place by the window.
As Sherlock sifted the flour John added milk and eggs to the butter and sugar. Once he finished sifting together the dry ingredients Sherlock handed to bowl to John, who slowly added it to the bowl of milk and eggs and bitter and sugar. Together they peered onto the bowl as the mixer turned the concoction into the recognizable form of dough. “Now would be the normal time to steal some of the dough,” John said, shutting off the mixer.
Sherlock looked peeved at the idea of going anywhere but his warm flat. “I’ve got an experiment on at home that I need to check on,” he said. John happened to know that the only “experiment” Sherlock was working on at the moment was the jar of pickled kidneys that had been sitting in their fridge for the last month.
John smiled apologetically before paying the cab driver and joining Sherlock by the body. It was a middle-aged woman laying facedown in a snowbank, glittering shards of broken window scattered around her. John stood next to Sherlock and as he bent down John took a deep sniff. “Did you use my shampoo?”
his wife.”
Sherlock gave him an incredulous look. “John, I think this is an incredibly stupid way of getting me to like Christmas, but since you do owe me a hot chocolate I'm going along with this.” They walked to a cafe around the block and when they stepped inside they were slammed in the face with a wall of hot air and festive cheer. The cafe had been transformed into a gaudy Christmas nightmare. There were strands of tinsel and snowflake garlands strung everywhere and every table was topped by a large plastic snowman. Sherlock pressed his lips together, though whether in amusement or disgust John couldn’t tell. “Yes,” said Sherlock leaning down to whisper in John’s ear, “ this is a very bad way of getting me to like Christmas.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and closed the curtains, walking back to the kitchen. “If you say so,” he said, plopping down into a chair across from John and propping one elbow on the table, placing his chin in his hand.
“Well, I don’t want to miss the trailers,” Sherlock said, craning his neck to see how many people were in front of them. The line wasn’t actually that long, considering that it was the middle of the day, not to mention the middle of the week. When they finally did make it to their seats Sherlock settled in and John cast a sidelong glance at him, surprised by his apparent love for animated films. He passed over the popcorn and as the trailers started poked Sherlock on the shoulder, “You turned your phone off, right?” he whispered.
Unable to resist, he slid his arms around Sherlock’s waist and hugged him for a moment, laying his head on Sherlock’s chest and feeling his heart pounding beneath his many layers of clothes. Sherlock didn’t tense in John’s arms, his fear seeming to triumph over his discomfort with public displays of affection. John marveled at the fact that same man he had witnessed face off calmly with murders, was now trembling over ice skating. “Sherlock,” he said, “its ok. You’ll be fine.” Sherlock nodded and squeezed him closer for a moment before letting John go and looking forward, lifting his chin in steadfast determination. John smiled. That was the Sherlock he knew.
Or maybe they could just spend the rest of eternity waking down this Christmas light lined street. Getting wrinkles and growing beards before they reached the end and found workers on ladders taking down the decorations. The sudden image of Sherlock as an old person startled John so much that he had to muffle his surprised laugh by burying his face in Sherlock’s shoulder. “You were picturing me as an old person, weren’t you?” Sherlock asked him.
“Two months, that makes sense,” said Mrs, Hudson, nodding, “and honestly, how long did you think you keep this from me?” This did nothing to help John’s feeling as though he was being scolded by a schoolmistress.
And suddenly the music exploded in intensity, bursting from quiet longing into electrified exuberance. The thing that had been simmering under the surface of the song leapt forward, eagerly dancing through the air. The song turned into to one of buoyant rapture, twirling through the living room on wings of laughter. John could see images of the beginning of their relationship racing through his mind as Sherlock played. The curiosity was back, but it it was more brazen and confident, unabashedly ardent and enthusiastic.
“Do you want me to throw this book at your head?”
When she was gone Sherlock signed, “I have very little hope for those tomato plants.”
For a moment the room was completely silent then Mrs. Hudson burst out laughing. “Well finally,” she said, “you two took so long to get together I thought I’d be six feet under by the time it finally happened.” Slowly Sherlock’s face reappeared from where he had hidden it behind his knees and John’s regained its normal coloring. Looking at their expressions of disbelief Mrs. Hudson sighed. “You two, I can’t believe you. How am I more in tune with your feelings than you are? Honestly. You’ve been pining over each other so long I was about ready to lock you two in the broom closet and letting you figure it out that way.” Both John and Sherlock blushed deeply at this.
“Yes, I suppose I am.”
“Excellent,” said Sherlock, turning the page of his paper. He paused for a moment, then excitedly shut his paper. “Excellent,” he said again and stood from his chair. “Excellent,” he said a final time and quickly strode out of the room, to change out of his pajamas, John presumed.
“Can I pet your dog?” The girl smiled and removed one of her earbuds.
They walked down the street in silence, John with his hands shoved moodily in his pockets, and Sherlock with a smug grin. When they reached the café Sherlock smoothly pulled open the door for John and caught his eye, winking haughtily. John glared, but gave him an affectionate shove on the shoulder when they stepped inside and stopped, standing side by side, waiting for the hostess to seat them.
“Not necessarily, I might not feel like helping him.”
Sherlock pressed his lips together hesitantly, “Um, yes, I did.”
Sherlock signed. “Fine,” he said sulkily. They went downstairs and got their coats on.
As he eased himself from the cramped corner he’d been standing in behind the tree back around to where Sherlock was Sherlock stepped back to assess his own handiwork. John went to stand next to him and leaned his head against Sherlock’s shoulder. “Looks nice,” he said.
“John that is the worst tradition I’ve ever heard.”
“Mistletoe is a parasite you know,” he said. “It kills trees.”
John laughed and linked his elbow through Sherlock’s. “No, I guess it can’t,” he said. Taking a different approach, he skated forward a tiny bit, guiding Sherlock by the elbow. This seemed to work and, clinging to John, Sherlock skated forward a few feet, then a few more, until he seemed to have a hang of the foot motion. After a while John looked over at Sherlock, who now seemed significantly less panicked, and slowly removed his arm from around Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock’s eyes widened for a moment, but, realizing he was still gliding along, even without John’s support, his face relaxed and he skated with only the help of the railing for a few feet.
“Yes, very much.”
“Ok, you still need to get a lot of rest, and I’m going to get you some salt water to gargle.”
“It’s literally just butter and sugar,” John said, “I can’t believe you just-“  but he was cut off by Sherlock, who suddenly swept over and grabbed John by the waist, pulling him into a kiss. John leaned in and tilted his head, disgust melting away slightly as their mouths opened and John tasted the sugar on Sherlock’s lips transfer to his. He felt the sweet granulated morsels dissolving on his tongue and resisted the urge to moan in pleasure. He felt Sherlock smile against his lips at his obvious enjoyment. “You are the worst,” John muttered when he pulled away. But it was with a tiny grin that he pushed the flour, baking soda, and salt toward Sherlock and instructed him to sift them together in a separate bowl.
“Yes, yes, you’re right,” he said, shoulders drooping in annoyance and disappointment. John ruffled his hair sympathetically and got out the oatmeal to start making breakfast. Sherlock stayed on his stool and watched him, casting longing glances between him and his microscope, not sure which he missed more. Not getting to use his microscope and not getting to kiss his boyfriend were his two greatest nightmares.
“Don’t make this about me, we’re talking about you now. Tell me, what sort of trouble did you and your mates get into?”
Sherlock held it up to his eye, making his eye look overly large. “I already have a magnifying glass,” Sherlock said, referring to the collapsible one he took with him to crime scenes.
“Shut up,” Sherlock said, grabbing John by the hand again and pulling him along into the crowd.
“No,” said Sherlock placidly without looking up from his microscope. John rolled his eyes and shuffled over to the table, decorations wavering dangerously, and dumped the stack onto the cleanest spot he could find. “John be careful,” Sherlock called at the sound of boxes clattering, “you’re going to break something.” John threw a fake pinecone at him.
“That’s am invasion of privacy.” Sherlock raised his shoulders indifferently. “I’ve still got this book,” John said, “I could still throw it at you.”
John snorted and put his face in his hands. “Anything else?”
John Watson looked over the stack of Christmas decorations and tinsel that was perched precariously in his arms to where Sherlock was sitting in the kitchen. “Could you at least help me carry these?” He asked, adjusting the teetering stack.
“That was supposed to make me feel better, not worse,” Sherlock said.
“Oh dear,” she said, “I suppose it is that time of year, isn’t it?”
“Yeah, I think Mrs. Hudson is baking,” John murmured.
Sherlock sighed, letting out a long breath of air and John felt his chest deflating with resignation in his arms. “Alright, fine,” he said. John beamed at him, bouncing up and down with excitement. “Now who’s acting like a child?” Sherlock asked at John’s display of boyish enthusiasm.
“Well,” said John, stepping from their stoop onto the busy pavement, “since I owe you a hot chocolate, and I’m in the mood for apple cider, we’re going out for festive drinks to prove to you that holidays are fun.”
Sherlock glanced at him and began tossing lemons into the cupboard. “Based on my state of ennui when you returned what would you deduce?”
John leaned down and packed a ball of snow in his hands. “What are you doing?” said Sherlock, “I only agreed to make a snowman, I did not agree to a snowball fight.”
“Sherlock, that’s not possible.” Sherlock shrugged again, consumed entirely by his work.
“No.”
“Yes you. You’re a mean one Mr. Grinch. Your heart’s two sizes too small.”
“Oh Mrs. Hudson, you shouldn’t have,” said John, looking at the sweater she had made him.
“I’m not squeamish, shush,” he said, batting Sherlock’s hand away.
“Would you two stop being such grumpy arseholes and partake in this please?” Molly beamed at him and the two Holmes wore matching scowls. “I mean come on, it’s not that difficult. Very little of your precious brainpower will get used up.” Mycroft still looked unenthused but Sherlock looked up from the toes he had been inspecting and sighed.
“Well apparently you need protection from rude Americans,” Sherlock said, “so it’s only my duty to provide. I can’t let you walk alone.” John smiled again and leaned against Sherlock as they walked. Somehow, despite the biting air, John felt warm inside, like, by taking his hand, Sherlock had lit a candle inside of him.
“When we found her, she had absolutely no identification,” Lestrade had said, “no ID, no driver’s license, not even a phone.” This may have presented a challenge for the police but Sherlock had shrugged and strode forward to where the body was lying. He crouched down next to it without a word and everyone else went off to search the surrounding area for clues as to her, or her killer’s, identity. John and Lestrade stuck close to Sherlock and the body, John to take notes and assist Sherlock if he asked for it, and Lestrade to keep an eye on Sherlock. They were in a sort of alley or courtyard behind a cluster of buildings. Trash cans were pushed against the walls and there was a stench of rotted garbage in the air.
“Yes, we’ve been together about two months,” said John looking over at Sherlock, who had moved on from the body’s toes and was now closely analyzing its torso. Molly continued staring at him, her face getting extremely pale and her breathing becoming very shallow. “Here, sit down,” said John, moving to pull up a stool for her.
The look on Sherlock’s face made John’s heart splinter. “No, of course not. No,” he said reaching across the table and grabbing Sherlock’s hand. “I love you so much, I was just trying to figure out when my dopamine turned into oxytocin you dimwit.” Sherlock’s shoulders visibly relaxed and he went back to reading his menu. John, relived to have had Sherlock’s clear, scientific view cut through the muddled state of his own brain, also resumed picking out what to eat for lunch.
“I suppose you two already know who everyone got gifts for,” Molly said, looking between the two Holmeses.
“I know, that’s the point,” said John, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, “maybe now you’ll listen to me.” He kissed Sherlock’s smooth, cool cheek and pressed his nose to his temple.
He pulled out his phone, opened a map of London, and began pointing out areas to Lestrade where she likely lived based the salary he thought she made that were in walking distance of where he thought she worked. “If her fingerprints don’t bring up any results you can rule out a government job and eliminate these areas,” Sherlock said and pointed to the map again. Lestrade seem both annoyed and amazed by this, as he always did. “If a missing person report comes from one of those areas that matches her description then you’ve probably found out who she is,” John finished scribbling that last of his notes and closed his notepad, Lestrade nodded.
Sherlock repeated himself quietly, “Merry Christmas, John.”
“Wishing to be an invalid no more,” Sherlock said, setting his book facedown on his lap.
John smiled, “I’ll kiss you again if you help me put away the groceries.”
“Um, yeah,” said John, “we have been for a little while now.”
John rolled his eyes and - “hey, be gentle with those lemons,” began putting his ready meals into the freezer. Sherlock moved on to manhandling avocados. “It’s been kind of slow though, we need to get something soon,” John said, glancing at the stack of bills on the dining table.
“I’m not squeamish, I just don’t want to gaze lovingly at burnt livers.”
“Mmm, I don’t think I can. I think I just radiate a cool, mysterious aura and there’s nothing anyone can do about it,” Sherlock said. They stepped from the pavement on to the crosswalk and John contemplated pushing him in front of a car as they began walking across the street. “Besides,” Sherlock said, “I thought you liked how cool and mysterious I am.”
Sherlock leaned forward with his eyebrows raised, eagerly waiting to see what the gift they had consulted Mycroft on turned out to be. John was also curious, though less overtly so than Sherlock. Greg unwrapped a blue tie, printed with tiny umbrellas. Greg smiled and squeezed Mycroft’s hand. John nodded and looked at Sherlock who smiled up at him. Greg cleared his throat and Sherlock looked at him. “It’s time for you to give me my gift?”
“I know right,” John said, “they’re like human space heaters.” John looked over at him, “so you two are in a relationship know,” he said in the same way Lestrade had said when Sherlock had appeared with his arm around John’s shoulder.
He still woke early every day, a habit from his time in the military. But since he had started sleeping in Sherlock’s room, instead of his own, he’d taken to lying awake each morning with Sherlock sleeping next to him, letting the sun greet him, instead of the other way around. The first half hour of the day passed quietly, with John tucked happily against Sherlock’s side. The only sound was the gentle rhythm of Sherlock’s breath and the subdued singing of the birds outside.
“A trap? Sherlock, this is not a trap. Who would plant mistletoe in our doorway as a trap?” Sherlock took a deep breath, looking like he was about to recite a long list of people who would put mistletoe in their doorway as a trap, but John cut him off before he could begin. “I think it’s pretty clear how this got here,” he said.
John looked over at the girl and nodded, seeing nothing but a girl sitting by a window. “She’s pretty,” he said. Sherlock frowned. “Not as pretty as you,” John reassured him and Sherlock’s frown disappeared. A moment later their names were called and John briefly let go of Sherlock’s hand to get their drinks. As soon as he handed Sherlock his hot chocolate he returned his hand to Sherlock’s and they left the cafe to continue their walk home.
“I couldn’t resist with you looking at me like that, sorry,” said Sherlock, his own voice still thick with the residuals of the kiss.
“Care to share any of them?” John asked.
“Alright fine, I once had a threesome in the library after hours.”
He stopped when his eyes landed on the kitchen. Sherlock’s science equipment was scattered across the surface of the table as usual, but sitting at one end was Sherlock’s Bunsen burner, surrounded by petri dishes in various sizes. Each petri dish was hold lumps of what looked like charred flesh. “Sherlock, what have you done?” John asked, slowly taking a step towards the table, then deciding to stay where he was and stepping back.
Sherlock moved his hands upwards, skimming his fingers along the short hairs on the back of John’s neck before threading his hands through John’s hair and cradling his head. They stayed, kissing in the snowbank, until the snow began to soak through Sherlock’s coat and he sat up to avoid getting soaked. John broke away and grinning. “Was that a yes?” he asked. He stood, helping Sherlock get up and brushed the snow from his shoulders.
“No, it might be a trap, I don’t want you to get hurt.”
When Lestrade walked into their flat he was greeted by greeted by a small army of origami animals. Yesterday Sherlock had eventually moved on, not only from that day’s paper to all of the papers from the last week, but had also advanced into making various other animals. Lestrade moves aside a large paper frog and sat down on the couch. “So,” he said, “triple homicide.”
“Let’s just lay here for a while,” John murmured shifting his shoulders so that he was pressed closer to Sherlock. Sherlock nodded in agreement and they both sighed, letting their breaths become synchronized as they laid together, relaxing in the other’s warmth. John felt Sherlock drifting off again, and he closed his eyes as well, happy to spend his Christmas napping in Sherlock’s arms. Just before he fell asleep he heard Sherlock whisper something in his ear. “Hm, what?” he said quietly.
They napped like that for a while, pressed against one another like nesting dolls, John’s chin fitting perfectly against Sherlock’s shoulder. The morning hours slipped quietly away, with only a whisper of shared breath, and when John blinked awake a few hours later the snow outside hadn’t stopped, but it was lighter and the sound it made was less of a dull roar, and more of a quiet pattering. He stayed tucked against Sherlock for some time, sleepily enjoying the peace and quiet.
The melody built up, rising into something increasingly intense, but something that was yearning for more. It rose, swelling with passion and longing, and John could hear Sherlock falling. It carried on, the music of dark lonely nights and long glances when another person’s back was turned. He could hear the ache, he could hear Sherlock offering up his heart in his outstretched palm.
“And we of course have my brain,” said Sherlock, tapping his temple.
John startled, having had completely forgotten about the cab. “Yes we’re coming,” he said, pulling Sherlock by the elbow into the back seat.
He blew past John, who followed, calmly trotting downstairs in Sherlock’s wake. Sherlock was impatiently knocking on Mrs. Hudson’s door when John caught up with him. They stood in silence for a moment before Mrs. Hudson opened the door to her apartment. “Did you put mistletoe in our doorway?” Sherlock asked before Mrs. Hudson could say anything.
Sherlock bent over the body and gave it a final once over. “Great,” he said, “I’m done here if you want to come over now.”
John sighed, “is every suggestion I make going to be boring?”
John turned to look at Sherlock “Wait when?”
“Yes it was,” John said, running his hands through Sherlock’s hair, sweeping away the snow that was caught in his curls. Sherlock grabbed him by the waist, pulling him in for another kiss. “Sherlock,” John said when their lips momentarily parted, “the groceries.” Sherlock didn’t respond, kissing John again instead. They leaned against a tree, Sherlock with his back pressed against the bark. “We need to get them,” John said, each word punctuated by a kiss from Sherlock.
She bustled through the door after Mycroft and smiled at everyone. “Hello, happy Christmas,” she said. There was a chorus of happy Christmases in return and John went to get Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson drinks. “I see you’re both wearing your sweaters,” she said when John handed her a glass. John and Sherlock exchanged a look. They had both donned the sweaters she’d made them for the party.
“I can’t be annoyed at you when you’re sitting on me like this,” Sherlock huffed.
Sherlock and John said at the same time, Sherlock in a scandalized tone and and John pleasantly shocked. He looked over his shoulder while gently pushing Sherlock up the stairs and Mrs. Hudson gave a little wave. He broke into an astonished grin and continued up the stairs, with Sherlock in tow.
There was a chorus of yeses and yes pleases from around the room. He stood and picked up his violin from the corner. Resting it beneath his chin, he placed the bow to the strings and began to play “Carol of the Bells.” Everyone leaned back, settling in to listen to the song. When “Carol of the Bells” ended Sherlock moved on the “Joy to the World,” smoothly transitioning from one song to the other. They all sat like that for a while, enjoying the music and each other’s company and the Christmas spirit.
“Is something burning?” John said. He was standing in the doorway to their flat, having just returned from work. He had stopped and inhaled deeply when he realized that the smell of smoke was lingering in the air. “Sherlock, is something burning?” he repeated. Sherlock looked up from his book and squinted slightly, eyes moving back and forth as if he was searching the inside of his brain for something.
Sherlock shot him a glare. “Mycroft is not right,” he said. John laughed and jostled his shoulder affectionately. When they got back to their flat they puttered around for a little while, waiting for Molly. When she texted that she was finishing up with work Sherlock headed to the kitchen to make popcorn and John set up the movie. A few minutes later they heard a cab pull up outside followed by a knock at the door. Sherlock went downstairs to let Molly in and as they were coming back up the stairs John heard her laugh at something Sherlock had said.
“I’m sure Lestrade will be pounding on our door soon, begging you to come back to work. Speaking of which, are you feeling much better?” John reached over and touched his forehead to see if his fever had broken. It had and John sighed in relief.
John smiled and buried his face in Sherlock’s hair. “So did mine.”
“I’ll have to start getting sick more often if I get treated like this,” Sherlock said, placing a kiss in John’s hair.
“So then, when he stabbed her, it ended up-” Sherlock stopped talking abruptly. John and Sherlock had been walking up the stairs to their flat, Sherlock prattling on animatedly about a case, when they rounded the corner on the landing and Sherlock silenced suddenly and stared at their door. John, who had been watching Sherlock and not paying attention to much else, turned to see why he had stopped. The door to their flat was hanging open and dangling from the doorframe was a sprig of mistletoe.
“Are you two getting in or not?” the cabbie called from the open passenger window.
“Alright, this is getting a little out of hand,” said Sherlock giving him a sidelong look.
“I didn’t say anything,” said Sherlock as he unlocked the door to 221B.
“Do it again,” he said, giving John a little affectionate push on the shoulder. John, pleased that Sherlock was impressed, but also baffled by it, looked around, waiting for an opening, before skating forward and spinning around twice and stopping, waiting for Sherlock to catch up. Sherlock glided up to him, eyes never leaving his face, and smiled.
They stepped up to the counter a few minutes later, hands tucked firmly together, to order. “Two hot chocolates,” John said. The girl behind the counter nodded and typed their order into the register.
“No, it’s kind of good, try some,” said Sherlock, tilting the bowl towards John.
“Mhmm, you’re squeamish, admit it,” Sherlock said, reaching over and teasingly pinching John’s side.
“Lestrade told him,” Sherlock answered before Mycroft could. Mycroft looked like he was going to deny it, but decided against protesting and remained silent. John raised his eyebrows and looked between them again. The two brothers seemed to be sizing each other up, though for what, John didn’t know. But before either could say anything more Molly bustled out, clutching a stack of paper to her chest, and smiled at them.
They kissed, hands tangled in each other’s hair, for several long moments before breaking away. “What in bloody hell was that, Sherlock?” John asked, slumping against the brick wall, his breathing still heavy.
“To be fair,” said Sherlock, “the experiment was very successful.”
Sherlock sighed heavily, “I don’t know what to do with me sometimes too.”
“You have more power than you think Mrs. Hudson,” John said, placing his hand on the doorknob and pulling open the door, “and just tell him he’ll have Dr. Watson to answer to if he tries anything.” Mrs. Hudson laughed and John left, walking to the nearby pharmacy.
“That’s the first few lines of the song I wrote you,” Sherlock said quietly, pointing to the music notes engraved on the frame. “I um, I started writing it not long after this was taken.”
“You doubt my inhibition?”
“Yes John, I know to turn my phone off at the cinema,” Sherlock whispered back, “I’m not a child.”
“Only for Mrs. Hudson.” When John glanced over at Sherlock a moment later his face was illuminated by the lights and each color was playing off the contours of his expression. “What are you looking at John?” Sherlock asked, turning to meet his gaze.
No one else offers her a chair so The Man feels the duty still falls on his shoulders, and he wants to be able to extend this courtesy. The Man’s entire thought process plays out clearly on his expressive face. The old woman is clever enough to interpret the situation appropriately and take the seat.
alarm. Displayed around the room in red projections was the error code John had read in the base control room, followed by
Piece by piece, the blackness seeped away from the figure standing in the shadow, till only dark, curled hair was left atop a very human head.
“This is Mr Magnussen, sir. Would you care to stay for tea?” Moriarty inquired, his posture perfect, and his tone airy.
John as always was able to use humour in any given circumstance. Not exactly waxing poetic, was he? Where were his love poems now? Of course, nowhere to be found. They were in his pocket with John’s wife’s name written all over them.
The hazy recollection of it left him with a tight feeling in his chest. He stood from the armchair and tried to smooth out his wrinkled suit. He hadn’t intended to sleep there, or at all, yet he couldn’t help but think he’d been influenced by Moriarty’s story from yesterday. John, in his grief, sleeping upright in an armchair for days, possibly weeks. The servants whispering of it, and the whole house affected by the depth of John’s heartache.
“So. What did you think? About the case?” Sherlock asked at last, his eyes still fixed on his plate.
, and the other one had to take more weight. Poor old master, he started to limp!”
“I will sir, only, I hardly know how to break it to you,” the Captain hedged, looking in John’s direction.
He was somewhat offended that the event which would dictate their future happiness was going to take place in a market town outside of Kerrith. The trip should have seemed long, but in the end was rather too short. They were soon parking their car in a square, between that of the doctor who had identified the body, and Colonel Barclay’s.
He wanted to already be back at Manderley. He was walking on air, arm in arm with his husband, who now had no issue keeping up with his stride. They were going back home, and they’d be able to put everything behind them.
When they were freed from eating, the party divided into dancers and card players. Most opted for the former, who all congregated in the great hall where the band was constantly playing. The musicians started with a slow waltz that seemed to never come to an end, one Strauss piece leading into another, with certainly no pause for tuning the sharp violin, and the couples spun to it with no reprieve. The same style, the same dancers, the same smiles. While it was still early, John and he stayed standing at the base of the stairs. The same stairs where John had almost fallen earlier, and they stood shoulder to shoulder, welcoming those arriving after dinner.
“It was all about her losing her pet, that’s why you wanted to take the case,” John concludes with confidence.
He did groan then, and turned his face away to look out the side of the car.
When John didn’t pull back, Sherlock kissed his hand once more. It was a simple gesture, but it crossed a line Sherlock had only ever flirted with before. It felt more explicit than any fantasy of breeches and regimentals could.
“I don’t know,” he stumbled, and rather foolishly continued to say exactly what he truly meant.  “I’d like to keep this moment right now forever, so that I’d never forget it.”
then - poor master hadn’t left his room in days, but he would go. No one could stop him. Not even Lestrade.”
“Out!” And with that, John opened and slammed the door behind him.
As he was already scaling the rocks, he had to concede that Gladstone’s assumption wasn’t entirely off base.
“Well, on that date,” Murray began, “I saw a Mr Jenkins, a Ms Stapleton, a Mrs Moriarty - “
He willed himself to say something clever, deduce something pleasantly shocking that would make Watson smile brightly and exclaim
“Did you know this dianthus is called a Sweet William?” Sherlock murmurs.
“Holmes, you don’t suppose—” Watson started, but broke off to place the pipe back between his lips. With a deep breath, one curled end of Watson’s moustache ticked upward.
“Oh you know, he’s always trying to get me to fix some government problem or another. I suppose some important papers have gone missing or something.”
“Yeah, of course,” she said and told the dog to sit. After holding out his hand for the dog to sniff for a moment Sherlock handed John his candy cane and knelt down.
Finally John coughed and muttered “two months.” He felt like a scolded schoolboy and based on the look on Sherlock’s face, the feeling was mutual.
“Yeah, and I’ve got my notes,” said John.
John hmmed in agreement.
When they had first gotten together, romantically speaking, neither of them had been sure how to tell Mrs. Hudson. At first they had thought they would sit her down and have a talk with her about it. But then they thought, maybe that isn’t necessary since she had mistaken us as a couple at the very beginning. But no, they’d decided, she should be told in an official capacity. So they planned on talking to her about it over a dinner. But when both chickened out John suggested that they just kiss in front of her or something. And somehow, over the course of all this deliberation, two months had gone by and she still didn’t know. At least to their knowledge. And now she had walked in on John sitting on Sherlock’s lap, which had absolutely no platonic explanation.
As he was sitting down to eat Sherlock swayed in, seeming slightly bleary, as he often did in the mornings. “Is that for me?” he asked as he picked up John’s plate, and with it, John’s uneaten toast, and plopped into his chair. John rolled his eyes and got up to make himself some more breakfast. No use fighting with Sherlock in the morning. “Do you have to be at the hospital today?” Sherlock called.
John smiled and lifted his head from Sherlock’s shoulder. “Alright, groceries,” he said. He pressed one last kiss to Sherlock’s lips and stepped back. Sherlock stepped forward as well, leaving the tree and standing next to John. They exchanged a glance before walking from the park and to the grocery store, both slightly dripping with snow.
“Ok, well I’m going to make you some soup and if you think of something that isn’t boring let me know.”
“Christ this is disgusting,” he said, scrubbing at a particularly obstinate spot. When he found the cleanliness of the counter satisfactory he tossed the kitchen towel into then rubbish bin and pulled out the cookbook they had found stashed in an upper cupboard. Sherlock flipped it open to the page with a recipe for sugar cookies and began directing John, telling him what ingredients to get out. “Why do I have to do all the work,” John grumbled as he pulled out the flour from a high cabinet. “You’re the tall one anyway.”
A couple more minute passed and a police car appeared outside. The boy’s eyes widened as Lestrade stepped out and entered the restaurant. He put the man in handcuffs and led him out to the car, the man barely protesting. “What the fuck dude,” the kid said, turning to Sherlock.
“Well, my dad owns it,” the kid said, “I don’t really get a choice.”
That was too easy, “Uh, huh, really? Because we are at a children’s film,” John said. They looked at each other indignantly, but John smiled and leaned his head on Sherlock’s shoulder as the movie began to play.
To John’s surprise, rather than continuing walking, Sherlock glanced around for a moment before pulling him into a previously hidden corner. Somehow, Sherlock had found a pocket of quiet darkness off the side of the bright, busy street. For a moment John could see the wave of people and the glow of the street lamps over Sherlock’s shoulder, before his view was blocked by Sherlock, who leaned in to kiss him.
Sherlock looked up from his menu and blinked. He seemed to consider for a moment, then set down his menu and folded his hands in front of him. “Well it depends on how you look at it,” he said. “Technically no, saying ‘I love you’ doesn’t change any sort of chemical make up in your brain. However, actually being in love does release different neurotransmitters than lust or attraction, which are often linked with testosterone and dopamine. You can feel attracted to someone and get lots of dopamine and norepinephrine released in your brain, but not be in love with them. When you fall in ‘love’ per say, you’ll develop an attachment and your brain will produce oxytocin and vasopressin, which factors heavily into long-term relationships, but can also form as a result of, say, parental affection.”
“Well someone apparently cannot walk, they need horse drawn carriages to take them home and their boyfriend to carry them,” John rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s quip about the carriage ride, “So I’m just doing my duty as your boyfriend and carrying you up the stairs.” He adjusted John into a more comfortable position on his shoulder. John had not asked to be carried, but now that he was in Sherlock’s arms he wasn’t complaining.
“To get some chips,” Sherlock said, “I need to think.” They walked for some time, passing several good places to get chips, which John pointed to confusedly. Sherlock blew past them, not even looking up when John pointed them out, and stopped, several streets later, in front of a small grimy restaurant.
John wanted to tell him it’s not that deep, just hang them wherever, but it was amusing to watch Sherlock laboriously deliberate over each ornament’s placement, and they would undoubtedly have the most evenly distributed ornament, in terms of size and color, in all of London. So he just watched Sherlock through the branches and finished haphazardly hanging the uglier of his ornaments randomly around the back end of their tree.
“Need I remind you of all the boredom, complaining, and salt water?”
“No, I don’t know. What is that?” he pointed to the collection of petri dishes on the table.
“Wait,” said Sherlock as John put his hand on the doorknob. “I get a kiss for helping with the groceries.” John gave him a quick peck but Sherlock slid his hands around his waist to keep him from pulling away. “A proper one,” he demanded. John rolled his eyes but leaned in and obligingly gave Sherlock a long kiss, twining his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and letting them linger.
But now that Sherlock had assimilated to being with him, romantically and publicly, John had no plans on refusing when Sherlock reached out and grabbed his hand. He was all too happy to walk hand in hand down the street with his boyfriend.
Sherlock’s eyebrows shot up to his hairline, “a personal matter? Well this should be fun.” John gave him a kick from where he was sitting in his own chair and nodded a Mycroft to continue.
They walked down the street in silence, John mentally going over their grocery list in his head. When they passed the entrance to the park, John, unable to help himself bent down and scooped up a ball of snow, which he threw at Sherlock’s head. Sherlock, entirely unsuspecting, looked completely stunned for a moment, his body coiled against the impact of the snowball and his face contorted in shock.
“Sherlock, in matters of national importance, it shouldn’t matter whether you feel like it.”
“About the case? Yes, several,” Sherlock replied, but didn’t elaborate and went back to staring pensively at the ground.
“Be nice,” he said. Molly had arrived a few minutes before, hands eagerly clutching a small wrapped gift. She was the first to show up for their Christmas party and secret Santa exchange, which surprised neither John nor Sherlock. They had let her in and John offered her a drink, which she took and stood in the middle of the room, gazing around.
“Yes, I suppose so,” said Sherlock genially.
When he arrived he stood behind John and looked over his shoulder. “Oh my,” he said, “it appears to have snowed.”
Coming out of his temporary stupor Sherlock snapped the lights off and stood up. “Yep, these work,” he said, ruining the moment. John sighed internally and shook his head, turning back to the tree. With anyone else he would have been annoyed. With Sherlock, well, he didn’t. He just felt amazed that he had managed to charm this incredible person, and terrified that one day Sherlock would really shake out his stupor and realize what a sodding mess John was. But for now John just felt content to sigh and start wrapping lights around the tree.
As soon as Lestrade had driven away John turned to Sherlock. “You really forgot that it was Christmas Eve?” he asked.
“We are coming here again, I just thought of a tradition for us,” said John foreseeing an annual bout of holiday ennui in Sherlock.
) - a packed, moving train is overpoweringly unpleasant. Travelling by tube always involves digesting large amounts of data of no particular use or interest to him for an extended period of time and against his will. The worst part especially being
hand steady where it was holding the cup in its saucer. Too many astute men in one room, and he’d been the idiot to forget to clean off thoroughly. Of course, he hadn’t expected an ambush. Or commentary on his masturbatory habits.
Anderson’s functionality was easily returned, unlike John’s peace of mind. The routing bots continued their circulation, which they did whether John was present or not, with Anderson in their ranks once more. John watched over their progress from the video feed in the adjacent control room for the next day, but nothing happened. Nothing ever happened.
At that moment, he wished he were older, or simply different. He had yet to grow into himself, which made him annoyingly aware of when he was ill-equipped for dealing with social situations. Watson was eating early, clearly in an attempt to avoid other people (he would know). Watson also likely wanted nothing to do with him, but would now feel forced into his company by proximity.
This was not the artificial Monte Carlo he had known and hated while playing companion to Sebastian. He couldn’t believe he’d been bored of it, and had wanted to return to traveling about the South of France. As if Nice could compare!
Despite returning to his human form, Sherlock’s visible shock at finding a man in his living room did not recede. He remained at the top of the stoop, mouth agape, staring at John sitting in front of his fire.
, this would be nowhere near where it is now without you, mwah (she also made me some cover art which is lovely, and can be found in the first chapter !)
John looked at him rather queerly for a moment. He relished his ability to shock and intrigue John, though in this case he wasn’t entirely sure what to make of John’s expression. John eventually shook his head as if to clear his thoughts, and relocated himself to his armchair and newspaper.
And, for that to be the case, John could never be allowed to see him like this.
Lestrade returned to the room. All other noise in the room was muted, till all Sherlock could hear was the dull thudding of his heart. Clearly, Lestrade had found Murray.
“Playing tennis with the professional,” he lied easily, placing the cards on the bedside table.
“Unless?” Sherlock asked, almost in a whisper.
His eyes appear slightly glassy and he avoids John’s gaze, and John, as he often does, feels as though he is missing something. He is at once reminded of Sherlock mocking the little girl’s case about Bluebell the glowing rabbit, but then later questioning the scientist on the subject once they were at Baskerville.
A soldier nearest to him made a grab for his elbow, but he never made contact, as John swung out, hitting him squarely in the arm with his cane.
John frowned, which was worrying, but his words were calming. “It’s true that I was very angry with you, at first. But we—in the train car. I said I forgive you, and I meant it. Have I given you any indication that I’ve gone back on it?”
Sherlock scoffed. “I think you’ll find I am not a kind man. Many consider me exceedingly disagreeable in fact, including many of the party here this evening.”
John might not have been much of a ‘people person’, but he had allowed himself to grow attached to the bots. There was an abstract kind of horror in following a trail of Mike’s body parts across a vacant planet.
John clarified, getting a certain amount of satisfaction from his hand gesture for it.
“Well, I won’t get in your way,” John said amiably. “Though I’ll help, of course.”
“I told you everything. Yesterday. In the car. But when I came to see you last night, you wouldn’t even look at me.”
“And nothing can be done to persuade you, I suppose?” Watson asked, teasing him. Being teased by someone in such a gentle way was new to him, yet felt simple and easy with Watson.
“A witch,” John repeated, now annoyed. “As if you don’t know her.”
with him, John realised, while simultaneously feeling his stomach sink. If Sherlock Holmes in this universe now lived past the last novel, that meant John didn’t know what happened beyond this point in time.
“Sorry, what?” Sherlock inquires clicking the ‘t’ sound.
he - ? I’d like him to come give our room another little visit, while I’m around this time.”
Moriarty, ignoring him, continued, “I made up my mind then that you’d grown too big for your boots. Time to punish you a little, and him too.”
Lestrade paused, looking more uncomfortable than ever. “It’s strange to say, but with that wig on, and the outfit, you looked just like her. Like her ghost coming down the stairs, she’d worn something so similar.….”
Almost done folks, one more chapter to go ! Now that I've written chapter 4 I've uh. gone ahead and adjusted the rating to E lol Sorry to anyone who was maybe reading this based on the misleading no rating of the first chapter
Had even a small part of himself believed that he had agreed to meet this man off the net just as friends? As if Sherlock hadn’t indirectly told John, in no uncertain terms, the exact way that he liked to have sex; as if John hadn’t contacted Sherlock because of how much he wanted to fit the bill; as if Sherlock hadn’t asked John about his sexuality, and then told John he was gay; as if John hadn’t dusted off his date shoes, worn his best shirt, and put product in his hair (not anything even close to sweet smelling coconut, but the cheap stuff an army pension could afford); as if John’s mind had been occupied by anything or anyone else since Sherlock had begun a case study with John as his only sample.
“If I come as well, will that satisfy you?” the Colonel asked. “There is no need for an Inspector just yet.”
Sherlock was already incredibly turned on, and stimulated from the friction provided by John’s leg – he knew he wouldn’t last much longer than a few minutes at the mercy of John’s attentions. He had barely felt the cold air on his skin before John’s mouth was at the base of his cock, his tongue licking up the underside of his length. He
“You presume correctly, though I don’t have the pleasure of knowing who you are sir,” he replied, stepping out from the wall. If he was to be found out, he should at least be on the attack. The other man was in his home after all.
“No, but I want to,” he said, and spurred on by John’s concern for him, widened his mouth and lowered himself to swallow the head of John’s cock.
John slipped his fingers free, having covered the back of Sherlock’s head. It was time to start at the temples now, which were difficult to reach in their current positions. John tapped Sherlock’s dropped shoulder.
“You can convince her that Mr Wilson lied to her,” John concluded. “Meaning, they weren’t burglarised by the competitor?”
The alien stepped into the sterile white of the ship’s main hallway, peering around as if looking for the source of Hudson's voice. John attempted to the lead the way to the ship’s bridge, but the alien had swept past him, opting instead to bound down the hall to the living area.
What, why not? John pushes himself up onto an elbow, his torso rising as the plaid throw slips down. He catches Sherlock’s glance at the scar on his shoulder. Does the celery remind you of the five a day you’re not getting?
A silence fell between them that John found comfortable rather than awkward, and gave him a moment’s leave to muse over how strange it was to be in a restaurant with someone who had asked if he wanted to finger a man’s anus. John couldn’t quite imagine the man sitting across from him, with his stiff, upturned coat collar and styled hair, to discuss those topics. The knowledge that he had, and what he wanted, was, in a word, distracting.
Sherlock didn’t respond, which John supposed was answer enough. John’s eyes eventually drifted back to the projection to watch the film credits roll and spin in circles.
“Apologies for the dampness of my touch, though I think you’ll get used to it. Perhaps, you’ll even welcome it?” Magnussen asked, as if speaking to himself. “Seeing as your husband leaves you alone…. with massage oil.”
Except that as he approached the entrance, the man from the day before walked out. Anderson, his memory supplied.
But now didn’t seem to be the appropriate time for having thoughts in that direction. He turned both of John’s hands palm-up and kissed them, John watching him with that same reverence and amazement. He wondered if John would ever come to stop being amazed by him doing the simplest of things.
The alien finished, snapping the book shut with finality, and slid it back onto the shelf with one hand. The two additional arms the alien had been sporting receded back into their chest, and their torso returned to its earlier, fuller form. The gills the alien had been breathing from while outside seemed to fade back into their neck, vanishing into the surrounding pale skin, and the antennae shrunk down till they were two stubs partially hidden by the alien’s dark fringe of hair.
“Here we are,” John said lowly as they turned a corner.
“And yet, her spell lingers on." Sherlock grinned, though it was more like a grimace. It was spoken with such intense bitterness that John could only assume there was quite the story behind it.
John looked heavenward, appearing both amused and exasperated. “Lestrade, would you mind checking to see if the broken thing is beneath the desk?”
“Well, if you’d like to know what they’re up to down there, Mr Watson,” the coast guard said, beginning the conversation he likely had expected to be having, “they’ve been exceedingly quick. The harbour master has already sent a diver down to see if the ship broke its keel. You can see through the binoculars, if you’d like.”
Lestrade was an idiot, everyone was, but even he must have sensed that it was not concern for the empty cottage that had prompted all these questions.
“I want to hear you,” Sherlock choked out, breaking away from John’s mouth. He was nearing his peak, feeling it coming over him. But he wanted to hear it first.
This time, no one responded. Even Harry was frozen, beyond openly observing John’s reaction. He immediately realized the blunder he’d made. How did he manage to be cruel even when he was trying to be kind?
Before he could make the suggestion, a crack in the side of the cobblestone wall behind Sherlock’s shoulder began to extend.
Any comfort he’d found in John’s earlier words vacated the premises.
> Right. I knew it. You’re a right arrogant sod.
hey there buds - taking a week off was grand, hopefully this is worth the wait ^^ Thanks as always to Soli, Solitary_Endeavor, my beta !
> Fine, see you in twenty. If I walk fast enough.
Watson pulled hard on the clutch, and turned the car back the way they had come.
Clara giggled, “Harry, stop!”
If John were anywhere else, he might have wondered if the damage was caused from the bots being tampered with. Except, of course, there was no one on BAK 2212 to tamper with them.
“Pity, but we wouldn’t want to lead the bridegroom astray, would we Gladstone? That wouldn't do.” Magnussen, at last, started the car.
“No,” John lied, his hand twitching at his side. “No, only it seems unfair to accuse someone of crimes without any justification.”
Sherlock wishes he knew his name.
If John had known what Sherlock had somehow concluded from a dead rabbit, he would have skipped Kerrith altogether. Despite his unease, John couldn’t imagine what trouble Sherlock could possibly get into while out of his sight for an afternoon drive from London to Manderley. John realized he had never made so large an error when Colonel Barclay remarked that the horizon in the distance was oddly bright.
They would all be thinking it, and perhaps it was this that prompted them to dive right in, using the hushed tones ridiculous people always did when speaking of the dead.
Moriarty, as if drawn towards the smell of weakness, returned to him, coming much closer than he had before, almost pressing his cheek to his. He startled at the movement, but Moriarty grasped him by his upper arms, holding him still.
His eyebrows knit together, before he realized Magnussen meant John. No one ever called John that. Except for…
John’s eyes unconsciously drifted towards the bridge’s entrance, and the window in the door. “Who knows,” John eventually responded. “Maybe this planet just isn’t cut out for the bots.”
“Don’t - no need to get out,” Sherlock stammered, and then, in a much smaller voice, “can I come in?”
He made his way up the stairs by the gallery, knowing he wouldn’t be found out. The servants were all in their own quarters beyond the kitchen, Molly having been a straggler. He made sure to leave Gladstone behind with a dog treat and a full water bowl, poor thing had had enough excitement for one day.
Magnussen’s lips twitched. “Allow me then to state my purpose. What if I told you that there is a piece of evidence, one that would cast some doubt on Mary wanting to kill herself?”
“You’re a witch then,” John guessed.
When Sherlock opened his mind’s eye, he was in the entranceway of the Hotel Cote d’Azur. His mind worked in mysterious ways, at times surprising even to himself. His organization system, which had once been a childish assembly, an unconnected collection of places used for storage, had reoriented itself. And of course, it had done so around the place he had first met John.
“Sherlock, you’ve suffered through enough with me. This is something I need to do alone,” John insisted, gently pushing him back into his chair where Gladstone lay at his feet. “You never even knew her. It won’t be seen as strange that you’re not there.”
“I suppose you wouldn’t accept John as the answer,” Sherlock said, eyes roaming the room, attempting to identify all the areas where Moriarty had already spilled the fuel.
>> location: BAK 2212
It was also the first time in a long while either of them had mentioned John ever having been married.
“No, no,” Sherlock reassured him, leaving out the rather uncomfortable kisses to his hand. “It was only ever... implied.”
John slipped the mobile into his coat pocket and, after brief consideration, had his gun follow after it. John didn’t hesitate long before taking the tube.
“Right,” John says, leaning forward in his chair with a wry expression. “And since when are we paranormal investigators?”
“Ms Hammersmith,” Sherlock began, “on the evening of February 2nd, between the hours of seven and ten, what do you remember observing through your window?”
Her tutting can be heard to his right.
“As I learned,” Sherlock said drily.
His clothes had left his body, slipping away – or perhaps he had never been wearing any? He was so near to John he could feel the difference between his naked skin, and the starched clothes still covering the other man. His hands gripped John’s hips, his face tucked into the curve of John’s neck, and his groin pushed against the placket of John’s breeches. It wasn’t enough somehow, never enough.
“No John,” Sherlock said, blowing a breath out through his nose in a huff. “What did you want to do with me?”
He would have loved those words more if not for the guilt he read in John’s tone and posture.
“No,” John said, the lines in his face now more concerned than ever. “No, that - that wasn’t kind. Do you honestly not know who Molly’s actually sweet on?”
“Astute of you,” Sherlock said, opening both eyes, and sitting up in his chair. “That’s part of it, and those henchmen are the Queen’s. But I’ve also… made decisions in my past that make them take a particular shine to me. They are primarily meant to hunt rogue wizards.”
After that stirring pep talk, John didn’t waste any time getting back into the swing of things.
“Give me a minute!” John called out from the other side.
Sherlock raises his gaze to John, and keeps it there. Now you know what I mean.
He would have braved the main street had he known he’d find a group of newly appointed soldiers spilling out of the back of an establishment. Fresh to their uniforms, and soon to leave to serve their country, there was too much drink in them for the late afternoon. John could tell in a single glance that they were ready for a fight, if given half the chance.
Sherlock gasped, nearly biting said tongue in the process.
He said ‘kind’ like it was a foul word. And to him, it was.
But naturally Wilkes would also be present at the party that night. He wondered if he would be able to speak to John without Sebastian noticing? What if others noticed? He hated that it mattered. If Wilkes knew of their – their – friendship, he’d never hear the end of it. It’s not like he and John would be keeping
The train jerks into motion with Sherlock standing dumbly in the entrance, almost getting knocked over. He quickly moves to the other set of doors to lean on, where he still has a good view of the back of the man’s head.
“I am surprised it interested you,” John said, voicing what had struck him as odd about the entire drama. “You went all the way to their house, even though you already knew the husband had done it. How did you know, by the way?”
Moriarty, still standing by the tea tray, snickered before resuming his impassivity.
Which wasn’t right – why was John a painting while he was flesh and blood? They wouldn’t be able to go out in the car together this way. How were they going to have dinner, with him like this?
“What? What can’t you explain?” Sherlock asks, pitching his voice to be low and soothing.
Sherlock had actually expected a meeting with Moriarty post trial, but perhaps he should have known that Jim preferred to keep his servant guise in tact.
John removed his suit in the Hudson’s antechamber under the watchful gaze of the creature, who barely kept an appropriate distance as John peeled away his outside layer. John tried his best to not feel self-conscious, sitting down on the available bench at one point to detach and reattach his leg brace, the most annoying step in the process.
“I know,” John said drily, preparing himself for more snide commentary.
> For head rubs? You can rub my head any which way, I don’t think I’d mind. Especially when it’s still cut short.
The story stretches its back with a crack, and continues.
“Uh, mate, you still there?” the bloke from the hotline asked. John had completely forgotten about him. “Also, I didn’t say any of that.”
“Where’s our new bolthole?” John asked, pointing to it. Though the door to the castle was now a full floor below them, the wheel remained above the stairs in the living room, and there was a new bright pink segment that had replaced the red for Porthaven.
What are we?
John was easy to deduce and his computer passwords even easier to guess (jamesbond007,
The following day Sherlock woke with a soreness that he very much appreciated, and the need to make an important phone call. John would never cave in to Magnussen’s threat, and Sherlock had no interest in convincing him to do so. With this knowledge, prior to John waking (as his husband was still drained from the day in court), Sherlock dressed and went downstairs into the small room attached to the library, and made the call.
“John.” And in wanting to comfort him, Sherlock attempted to sit up further in the crinkling hospital bed.
By the time John reached the gallery, the fire had taken full possession of the once grand collection that had been curated by his family meticulously over the ages.
“I’m sorry to hear it,” Watson said, though it seemed he was not sorry in the slightest. “It’s very good of you to dine with me, especially after yesterday. You saw my note, I hope?”
“Now we just wait for the star to fall!” Archie declared. He then untied the scarecrow, and raced through the mud, forgetting about stars entirely.
Sherlock exhaled a breath somewhat close to laugh. “Might I?”
“Of course he has,” the Royal Wizard replied, turning to John. “And who might the representative be?”
Sherlock turns his head slightly towards John, visibly searching for approval.
“No, Sir, he’s never used the room in this wing before.”
Which was why John was still awake when he heard the creaking on the floorboards leading to the bedroom door, and was wide awake by the time Sherlock stepped inside. Closing his eyes, John pretended to be asleep, though may have given himself away regardless when he made a small sound at Sherlock climbing into bed with him.
“It’s all right, shh, yeah, that’s it,” John said, voice still low and sweet. “I’m going to help you get back outside, all right?”
“You did, did you,” he said flatly.
There is now fanart for Sherlock's little library fantasy [emoji man face],
“Shocking! He’s being obtuse on purpose! We have of course all thought of it endlessly,” continued Lady Norton, gazing over at him she did. Subtle.
John had been so free in their time between leaving Monte and arriving at Manderley. He remembered the man he had met that first night, who had been closed off and melancholy. John when alone with him was youthful and alive, much less constrained. John sometimes forgot his cane entirely, despite their travels not being overly exciting. At times he felt John and himself were the same age, and had to remind himself of the disparity.
Wilkes declared all this while facing the rest of the room with John behind him. He might not have continued if he had been watching John’s expression, though knowing Wilkes, perhaps not.
“You don’t need to know what it was about,” David protested, looking at the Colonel as if surprised he didn’t have him for an ally. “Mary made an appointment in the note, plans for after that night. She asked me to drive to Manderley because she had to tell me something. Obviously I never found out what she was going to tell me, no one can speak to that, but for her to drive holes into her boat to - to - to kill herself! God! She would never!”
He needn’t have worried.  When he went to check in on the other man, Wilkes was confined to his room, tucked into bed and coughing weakly. Wilkes declared that he was very unwell, and that he would be staying there for the rest of the day, possibly the week. Sebastian must have felt particularly rebuked by the ‘one good personality in Monte’ for his illness routine to make a repeat performance so soon after the one in Sommières.
“You must mean Anderson,” Lestrade said. His tone was easy, relaxed. Good. Lestrade was no longer suspicious of him. “He always potters about on the shore, wouldn’t worry much about him.”
They arrived back at the castle to the sound of banging from upstairs, and Mrs Hudson’s concerned expression and apron-wringing. “You came back at a bad time I’m afraid,” she said, mostly for John’s benefit. “He’s in one of his moods.”
John startled when a door down the hallway banged open, and Irene breezed by his crumpled form on the floor.
John hummed, his lips drifting to the back of Sherlock’s neck, and upwards to press a small kiss to his ear. “So it was a fantasy?” John murmured while his hand skimmed one of Sherlock’s nipples, Sherlock almost moaning aloud. Embarrassed, he nodded, knowing John could see and feel it. John was teasing him, as he had promised. Sherlock was far too keyed up from just a bit of talking and touching. He was wretchedly hard, his cock now pressed against his stomach under the water.
John would have found this disconcerting, but he was a bit distracted by the fact that Sherlock was not wearing a shirt underneath his dressing gown, and an enticing patch of skin had just become visible. John wondered briefly if that had been planned, seeing as his fondness for Sherlock’s neck had in fact been discussed in the second line of the third paragraph of his unpublished blog post.
But none of the cabs would take him (apparently splattered sheep embryos didn’t come out of upholstery), and so he is pressed into the hot crush of the masses. Worse than that, he is now entirely out of experiments and bored. Bored, bored, bored. Sometimes not smoking is so very hard. Not getting high, even harder. Time to be distracted.
The events of the evening? As there were no thoughts in his head beyond the specific business Stamford had engaged him for, he was unsure what Watson referred to.
> Well. I was just thinking.
If he saw John now, he was sure he wouldn’t know what to say. Not seeing John before leaving was undoubtedly the best course of action.
He bounded down the hall and, deciding he couldn’t wait for the lift, continued up the stairs at breakneck speed, disgruntling staff as he swept past.
Now, John says. Where were we?
“Are you up yet in there? As if you’re having a sleep-in, after you turned in so early!”
“If we knew how she spent that day in London, we could get to the heart of matter, and I would feel I had done my due diligence. Does anyone know?” the Colonel asked, looking to John and David.
"That's all right, Anderson,” he said. “No one is going to do anything to you over a piece of fishing line. All the same, you shouldn’t really be going into the cottage.”
To cross the threshold seemed unthinkable, and this hesitance restrained him from proceeding further. A blessing and a curse, as the estate was the embodiment of bittersweet memories. He was convinced that no place on earth could be so loved and so hated in equal measure.
Magnussen watched the gesture with a strange attentiveness, adjusting his glasses on his face. He then proceeded to pull a cigarette from a case in his pocket. “Do you indulge, Mr Watson?”
John translated this Sherlock-speak into “I’m interested in the sexual and romantic nature of the proceedings,” and felt it was time for a change in location.
“You know what,” he panted.
So that’s what those were. “What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him. I’ll go grab one,” John said, heading up the stairs.
“So,” John said, nestling his cup back into the ridge of its saucer with a clang. “The guide.”
Sherlock was beginning to experience whiplash. While the cocaine remained in his system, he supposed there were only more such visions to come. At least here was John, his John, whose moral code might just extend to areas he had not yet dreamt of entertaining. Was John so wholly on his side?
John broke their eye contact for the first time by looking to the side. “Don’t know what you mean.”
John’s leg gave out, and he was there to prevent the slip with John hanging onto him on one side.
“There’s nothing to
“Thank you Colonel, and thank you Captain,” John added in. “I think we’ll take your advice though about heading home.”
I prefer the one with the cats, Sherlock says. Or the dogs.
“Look,” John said, defensive, “I think you’ll find that I fix them up just fine. Which I wouldn’t need to do, I might add, if you’d stop ripping them to bloody pieces all the time.”
> So I just missed your birthday, then? Happy belated.
Anderson was a bit mad, and easily frightened, and had seemed to have a penchant for going into that cottage. John would never have condemned a man to an asylum if he seemed otherwise harmless beyond one episode - but then, how forgiving could John honestly be?
“No." Sherlock slid forward, and John sputtered as one ringed hand reached into the front pocket of his shirt. He pulled out a folded piece of paper.
“What first task?” Am I in a myth, John wonders. “You mean, I have to solve the case first?”
“I’ve seen you eat mince pies out of Mrs Hudson’s fridge,” John said.
you to -” he began, but was cut off by John’s thumbs running twin paths down the sides of his groin, left thumb briefly pressing against his perineum, while the other found its way down to his furled hole, tracing it in a circular pattern. Sherlock groaned in appreciation. As suspected, it felt completely different from his own hand. Better. More intense. John massaged the outside of the ring with oil for what felt like an age, making Sherlock think he really would need to beg.
Sherlock felt his face flame with John’s blood, and did the only thing he could.
ask are the servants, like Lestrade here, who will likely have to pull it all together,” John deferred, attempting a joke and a rebuke all in one, motioning to Lestrade who had been in the process of sitting a cup in front of one of the guests.
John reached for the ensuite door, pushing it further open than the crack he had created.
John swallowed. Had he studied the excerpt well enough? Nails, lightly. No running fingers through the hair. Start at the back, move his way to the front. John reached out, and first placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, as if he needed a part of him to grip onto. Sherlock jerked under his touch, and then settled. Based on that reaction, John was slow to place his thumbs along Sherlock’s neck, where they slid up until reaching a curl at Sherlock’s nape.
John felt a pang of guilt every time, depriving the man of his room, when all John provided in return was amateur assistance, and a clump of his hair.
That John didn’t want to be tossed out, even if his curse was cured, concerned him most of all.
He was aware most company would consider this rude. Watson only laughed, though with a queer, intent look about his features. It was the same indecipherable expression from their first breakfast together, and which was still beyond his experience to comprehend.  It was amazing how quickly Watson could transform from safe and reliable to mysterious and distant.
John was always keen to take out the one scouter available at the base, which despite essentially being a metallic frame with wheels, was built for driving through varied terrain and adapted for the gravity unique to BAK 2212. If nothing else, John was thankful for the bot breakdown providing him with an excuse to take a trip.
“No,” he said, not sure what more there was to say.
And, worse, why did he feel at all flattered that tall-dark-and-cheekbones thought he was fit enough to sign sex for him?
Sherlock leaned back in his seat in ill-disguised astonishment. His friend had never spoken so plainly on the subject before, and in truth, he had long feared his Boswell could not stay by his side forever. The statement was nothing to be scoffed at, nor was it something Watson would have said on a whim. Watson was not like other men, who might bemoan the caprice of the fairer sex, only to be back in the game by the following evening.
He suspected Jim always had something up his sleeve that kept him from ‘getting into trouble’. Perhaps it was friends in high places.
> I hate to play favourites, but how DO you massage a sensitive scalp without tugging?
John’s hands stopped in their path entirely, while his brows raised. Sherlock slouched further down in the chair, as if he could encourage John’s hands along without having to answer John’s question.
John tried again.
“You mean you haven’t trusted her since that night?” Sherlock asked, piecing it together. But he had put so much effort into convincing John to trust her after the fact, so that John would be safe—
It wasn’t long before John spotted something metallic at the cusp of a crater in the distance, which shone in the small amount of light that reached the planet’s surface from the stars. John sped the scouter towards it, half hoping for an easy resolution, half hoping he’d find something extraordinary.
There wasn’t much talking after that.
He poured a small amount of oil into his palm, and took himself in hand as he usually did. The rhythm he kept was slow to start, gradually increasing. It felt infinitely better with the oil, making his palm slick and hot.
“Yes, right. Helping! Of course.” Sherlock clapped his hands together, and sprung across the room. With skinny, black dress shoes, Sherlock lumbered over his coffee table, and sat on the right side of the sofa, closest to the living room door. It was prim, and proper, as if he were actively thinking about how one sat on a sofa.
“You have just killed a man,” Sherlock reminded him. “A human man.”
He however does not resist the urge to lower his hairline even further, if possible, while rolling his eyes at Sherlock’s usual antics of leaving out crucial information so that he can present it later as a grand reveal.
“Why on earth would John not return from a brief visit to the family crypt, Mr Magnussen?” he asked. He was stepping into the trap, but what did it matter if Magnussen’s ploys would not affect him?
“Oh my God!” John cried. “Me, comparing you to Mary? Thank
“Well, did he think he was being funny just leaving like that? I can’t imagine - “
“Ah,” Sherlock said. After another pause, Sherlock answered him. “I know because I deduced it. You show the signs of everything you think and do, whether you know it or not. People everywhere do. Even where I’m from.”
In any event, there was still no news to tell Greg. Besides the fact, of course, that John had befriended an alien who he was now allowing to live on the ship and was concealing from home base. But other than that, nothing much.
“No, you haven’t.”
“Oh John,” he murmured, muffled by his hands. “You will regret that.”
“We have a different understanding of speaking plainly,” John said, remarkably steady. “Either you tell me what it is you mean to say, or I’ll be happy to escort you to your car, personally.”
“There,” Sherlock said. “Not so old any more. Thank you John, for all your help.”
When the other two men realized there might be a struggle, both drew out knives. Meanwhile, the young boy inched towards his horse. Sherlock, breathing hard, and stepping backward after releasing the man and his coat, evaluated his options. Even with his infinitely sharper wits, a man with a knife in close combat could succeed in getting in a cut. Several, even.
“You give the most mixed signals of anyone I’ve ever met! If you meant to refuse, you could have said no, you could have said no, I don’t know how many times by now.” John’s voice was raised now, and they were both at a state of elevated emotion.
As his mouth attempted to say the words John wasn’t sure he even knew how to say, he was prevented from forming them once again. But this time, instead of being hindered by his own inability, he was stopped by Sherlock’s lips clumsily, but warmly, covering his own.
John’s mouth opened, and then shut again. An image of the hearts back at the castle, moved from the mixing bowls to jars, flitted through John’s mind.
“Um, hey,” John whispered, but thinking better of speaking perhaps, merely cleared his throat as he continued moving closer. John's hand drifted down from his nape to lightly touch his right arm. This was followed by John’s arm sliding forward, until John was holding him in a partial embrace, John’s hand pressed against his chest.
Sherlock made a show of huffing as he twisted back around, but there was a growing smirk in the tilt of his lips. John being able to laugh was a relief. There might not be much more of this. He would have to enjoy it while he could. His smile was long gone by the end of that thought.
Molly’s head was blocked from John’s view by her monitor, but he could still see her hands moving and hear the soft sounds of words being mouthed. John felt a bit bad for dumping that on her, but maybe the man would be better behaved with a woman. He wouldn’t actually try to get her to call the line again, would he?
, why did you break so many if you knew you were at risk of being found? You even said the parts you could get out of them were useless. Did you want to be found?”
He bristled. He knew the exact value of the object, or he could tell it, if presented with the thing. It just hadn’t occurred to him to care.
Moriarty strolled around him in a semi-circle, staring at him with dark, shining eyes. He was now observing the reverse of the transition from earlier, the prim and proper servant Jim reverting into his true self. He turned to follow the path of Moriarty’s movements, never letting him out of his line of sight. This caused him to rotate on the spot, with Moriarty in control of which way he spun. He felt like an insect who had unsuspectingly flown into a web, and now the spider was spooling his thread.
> And he’s gone again.
Besides, he and John weren’t like other people. John knew what he wanted, and he didn’t need to be in love yet. John wasn’t a young man rambling on about passion and swearing impossibilities to him, not meaning half of what he said. Not like how John would have been, when he had asked the first time, to Mary… But he wouldn’t think of that, not any more.
The room was littered with books and strewn papers, with the sofa and wing-back chairs piled high with scrolls and tomes. The mess seemed to spill out from the shelves across the room, stocked with books and jars of powders. Underneath was a work table, covered in mixing bowls, glass bottles of varying sizes, chemist burners, and ashtrays filled with pieces of chalk.
He couldn’t believe that before John had left, he’d been mad at him. They’d had a charged conversation that ended neither here nor there. He hadn’t even said good-bye to John the following morning. He would have likely continued acting out about it, if not for the events of yesterday. John was his ally in this strange life after all, and that seemed so long ago. Any thought of feeling upset or bringing up Moriarty’s eccentricities left him. If John didn’t want to talk about unpleasant things, how could he blame him? It would just put a wrench in his plans to ensure the continuation of the pleasant domesticity which they had finally begun to fall into.
as well,” he said evenly. “I’m sure walking about Manderley is fine as exercise. And when it’s warmer, perhaps the estate is good for swimming.”
_______
“You idiot!” from one soldier currently in full retreat. “That’s the Wizard Holmes!”
“Sibling rivalry. Now we’re getting somewhere.”
John forced himself to inhale and exhale, calming himself to explain exactly why he was
John freed the oil bottle from his clenched hand and laid it on the bedspread before guiding Sherlock from his kneeling position to lay down on his side.
“I don’t - I wouldn’t want you to look any particular way.”
John wanted to move slowly, to savour every touch that Sherlock allowed, but reliving the memory of their first strange encounter made his whole body feel like one live wire. The knowledge that Sherlock had
The Hotel Cote d'Azur in Monte Carlo was the perfect choice for Wilkes’ breed, which was how they found themselves seated in its gorgeously vast and vacuously decorated dining room. This was to be Wilkes’ location of choice for celebrity spying, first and foremost, and dining second. Sitting across the table in complete and utter boredom, he watched as Sebastian spooned multiple pieces of ravioli into his actively chewing gob. Wilkes had a fondness for talking while eating, which he was demonstrating at that particular moment.
- He couldn’t let himself accept that they were ruined, not even for a moment, because then they really would be.
It took him some time, and required opening several opaque bottles, but John found the serum he had seen earlier that had an unnatural shine to it. Archie upended it on his paper star, causing it to glow, and read out the enchantment. But still, nothing happened. John wasn’t sure he’d expected it to.
Following John to the store (where he flirted in the queue). Following John to the newspaper stand (where he flirted with the other customers). Following John to work (where he flirted with the receptionist). Following John to interview a female client for a case where—surprise!—John flirted,
“I am sorry to hear it,” the Royal Wizard said. “If he doesn’t come to receive his orders from the Queen, he will be forced to, and subsequently stripped of his powers.”
“You might actually hurt yourself if you keep that up,” Sherlock called out when he was close enough to be heard, slowing his horse. He was beginning to regret choosing to ride alone, on horseback, rather than taking the carriage with his packed trunk to the house. His eccentricities might one day get the better of him.
John had the good grace to not turn over his palms and openly stare at his hands. He already knew Sherlock was most likely correct.
John didn’t leave him in suspense for much longer, taking him in hand after his clear affirmation, and stroking him firmly. Sherlock did moan then, his feet sliding closer into his body, spreading his legs wider, and his head tipping back over John’s shoulder. Just like in his imagined version, John was hard against him, pressing into his lower back and arse, and he loved the feeling of it almost as much as the hand on his length. The evidence of John’s desire, undeniably real, combined with John moving his fist over him was all incredibly divine, and he began shifting his hips upward to meet the touch. John was rubbing against him, minutely, possibly unconsciously, and the idea made him moan aloud. Sherlock thought of John’s cock, grinding against him, so close to where he truly wanted him. He lifted his hips, high enough in the water for that a moment the tip slid in to press against the space between his cheeks. John groaned in his ear, and Sherlock tensed and spilled hard into the water to the sound of it.
Sherlock moved to stand in front of Magnussen, his hands behind his back. “You didn’t answer. Can I interest you in a scotch?”
“Watson, give the man a cigar, and seat him by the fire,” he said, lighting a match. “Let’s start our acquaintance afresh, Mr Sampson. Prepare to tell me everything you know.”
He wasn’t certain what he expected to find changed, but the inscription remained the same on the first page.  The ‘M’ of Mary was still bold and clear, and there it would stay, long after she was gone.
“Your flatmate reveals he isn’t exactly human, and that’s all you have to say? How dare I come into the toilet while you were having a shower?”
“Sorry, what?”
“No.”
“Jim has collected the whole damned staff in the house and on the estate. It’s fine, it’s fine, they only want to welcome us. You don’t have to do or say anything, I’ll give a little speech and we’ll be on our way.”
“You’re not listening to me. I’ve got evidence! I don’t care if you’ll stick with Watson in this, the law is on my side, and I will find another magistrate! John Watson killed Mary Watson, and I will prove it.”
Admittedly, she does have his attention. John wonders how he keeps falling for these gimmicks.
Why did John look like that, and where had the man with the open-book expression gone? Who was this person he couldn’t read at all?
Except that, as it turned out, it was not a moving one at all.
“I hope you’re—”
The brightness of John’s smile put the natural light spilling through the windows to shame.
He sighed in exasperation, but mostly fondness. Of course John wouldn’t even know what they were.
Catching sight of his limp, one called out, “You served?” as he passed. John dipped his head, but continued on his way.
John paused, his expression grim, but appeared relieved as well. John spoke as though he had been holding this back for quite some time, and at last it was able to spill out without repercussions.
He felt he would very much like to study Watson’s mannerisms and expressions further. The man was misleading. He appeared to be an open book, but one written in complex language. Watson’s eyes said attraction, keen interest, a man looking danger in the face.  But, with his voice and posture, he aimed to convey disinterest. And he was still expecting an answer.
Fourth: John stepped between them, and using Mr Wilson’s outstretched arm as leverage, pulled him forward. With his left foot dragged behind Mr Wilson’s calf, John sent Mr Wilson’s balding head cracking back against the same door that Mr Wilson had not left through the night before.
“No,” John said, “no you –  I mean, I’m asking you to marry me.”
> Anything for the return of medical oddities.
“You like playing little games don’t you? You like guessing someone’s height from their shoes - you would never have guessed she was tall from her slippers, would you?”
“No lackeys to take your calls? How forward-thinking,” Sherlock began, rather than bothering with pleasantries.
There was a strange sensation in the pit of his stomach, like the feeling of falling from a great height. He realized it was loud in his mind because the beating of his heart was almost deafening. Had he heard that? Had he really heard John say those words? Was it possible he was being given all that he wanted, directly on the heels of being told an entirely different fantastical impossibility? Or, was this all a fabrication, imaginary, from all the days and nights he’d desired it to be true, wanting to hear the words?
like he usually did.
> I meant it in a nice way. As in, I mean, you’ve already demonstrated you know how to write in things outside your own preferences. Given, you know, the other guide.
John did, though he ended up falling asleep sitting up in the chair. The fire had burned down to embers by the time the knob above the door changed with a click and a chime, and the door creaked open. John woke at the sound, startled.
“Mind if I cut in?” he asked, maneuvering a wealthy elderly gentleman out of the lady’s claws.
“Don’t look so pleased,” Sherlock said. “I accept your proposal, and I intend to use as much of your magic as you have to give. You will reinstate my protection spells, adding your power to mine. But first, renovations!” At this, he clapped his hands together. “And I know just where to open Mrs Hudson’s new flower shop.”
“Somehow I don’t think you’d leave me here to rot.”
Magnussen reached out, and pressed two fingers to the underside of Sherlock’s chin, tipping his face slightly. Sherlock’s hand moved upwards to push him away, but stopped in its path. “I hope you’re feeling better, Mr Watson,” Magnussen’s lips brushed the side of his cheek as he whispered, “- after your little performance. Won’t you put on another show for me?”
Just reliable, present John. John, who he wanted to believe would always be there for him; always the two of them, no matter what. He had taken that for granted before, and then had doubted it. But he felt more certain now, more assured than he had in quite some time.
, and on the first push inside, the tip of John’s finger just managed to ease its way past the tense muscle. Sherlock’s soft fingers tapped against John’s head, a universal warning and marker of success.
John stared at the screen. SH wanted to continue chatting about the guide, apparently, and John found he wanted to continue chatting with SH. He responded as if they were texting, rather than writing a formal email.
John rocked forward onto tiptoes to kiss the top of his forehead. The kiss lasted for a beat, before John was kissing his left cheek and leaning his face against his. “I’m going to make it up to you, I promise. Bungling the proposal. Let me know what you want, and I’ll do it.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock!” John cried, as Sherlock lifted him from under his arms, and they both soared into the air. Keeping low to the ground, John was flown back towards the odd lone door in a sea of flowers.
“Yes,” John replied at once, surprised. “But why now?”
“Say what you want about me, but lay off Gladstone! Besides, I’d rather he looked colossal than half-starved like the one you keep,” John said, his genteel host act dropped completely.
When Watson’s head lifted, round blue eyes lighted on Sherlock’s face once more, turning serious.
So much for two against one, after all.
Sherlock wanted to taste that too. He wanted to taste all of him.
Sherlock grabbed him by the wrist and pulled, and John’s breath came quicker at even that small contact, as he ran to keep pace. John felt more light-footed than usual, the grass springy against the soles of his feet, till they both rose into the air. John laughed, the buoyancy of his steps lifting his spirits as they half-ran, half-floated towards the top of a hill.
He was grateful for his foresight to have the handkerchief at the ready, as he managed to catch his release in hand with hardly any escaping. He crumpled it up, and tossed the soiled thing back onto his side table. Deliriously, he hoped one of the servants would find it.
” John gasped, the words out of his mouth before he could even think to hold back. His own arousal had ratcheted up several notches, his brain immediately associating wetness with a very aroused partner. John reached for the zip on Sherlock’s coveralls, ready to finally see as well as feel, but he was stopped by Sherlock pressing his hand against their chest, and holding it there.
> That’s what I’d call it. If I were to write it up.
“Are we at an impasse then?” Sherlock asked, lips still trying to curve upward on one side. The question itself was all business, but the look on Sherlock’s face was all play. He still hadn’t moved back in his chair, and neither had John.
“I’ve thought of almost nothing else – touching you, teasing you, for
John lifted himself into the scouter after them, and drove back to base with an alien in tow.
Sherlock was leaking anew John realized, dripping down onto John’s cock as he rocked between their legs, and John wondered if Sherlock’s refractory period was inhuman as well.
He would have preferred prison. There was a cold lump in his belly that felt like it was only growing, possibly contracted from the same heavy feeling in his chest.
He wondered if John missed Mary as much he was going to miss John.
There may be other little Mary things that pop up in the future (someone has asked me to write a little scene from John's POV that I may post here or on my blog, so keep your eyes peeled!), but this is the end of the story officially! Thanks for reading friends xoxo
They finally reached the end of their walk, once again returning to the front of the estate. He was relieved Gladstone had stayed with them, as it gave him something to do while they waited for Clara and John to catch up. He kneeled down on the gravel to scratch Gladstone’s ears, who gazed back at him with adoring eyes. He kissed Gladstone’s head.  He felt very grateful to John for owning a dog.
“That won’t matter much soon, as there won’t be a business at all any more.” The Royal Wizard’s small, tight smile spoke of politeness, while his eyes were apathetic.
He turned to walk up the beach to the path, catching Gladstone by his collar on the way by. Interesting that John and Lestrade were both unconcerned about Anderson wandering around. He imagined the man had a reputation for being off, and no one overly minded him. When he turned his head to look back to the beach, Anderson was gone, the cove empty once again. He hadn’t gotten to do much exploring at all in the end.
As he watched the mirror, its ornate metal frame dissolving around the image, the face staring back at him flickered into a wide, smiling mouth. The head tilted side to side in a reptilian fashion, and he stood abruptly, the chair teetering backwards and dissolving where it hit the floor. The painting he and John had been living in was disappearing around him, and leaving behind nothing but a blank canvas. The only part left in colour, the only thing still
John and Sherlock sat down across from each other and she left them, letting them know their waiter would be with them shortly before turning away. The picked up their menus and Sherlock began perusing his, but John couldn’t seem to focus on the words on the page. Instead he furtively watched Sherlock over the top of his menu, while Sherlock mentally debated his many lunch options.
“I, um, I started writing this when, when I first,” Sherlock paused, his hands clasped nervously before him, “when I first realized I loved you.” John’s heart, which had been hovering with anxious anticipation in his chest, dropped with a sudden and resounding thump, before exploding back to life. They’d never said this out loud before. John had thought it over and over again, I love you, I love you, I love you, but he’d never plucked up the courage to say it aloud. And now here Sherlock was, standing in front of him, eyes scanning John’s face in fear, looking for any tiny negative reaction that he may have.
When John and Sherlock walked into St. Bartholomew's Hospital Thursday afternoon they were greeted by Mycroft, who was leaning against his umbrella.“So, you two are in a relationship now?” he asked and studied them with narrowed eyes.
“Was that really necessary?” he snapped. Mycroft had the decency to look a bit shamefaced but Sherlock continued his inspection of the corpse without a reaction. “I mean, must you two really be so mean to her? You,” he said, pointing at Mycroft “need to leave. And you,” he turned to Sherlock “need to apologize to Molly when she gets back.”
He swung his legs around and sat on the side of his bed for a moment, rubbing his eyes, then casting one last look around the room before standing and going downstairs. When he walked into the kitchen Sherlock sprang away from his microscope, which he had been leaning over. John ran he hands through his hair sleepily and frowned. “What were you doing?”
“Well we’re doing it. Mark your calendar. Next year you, me, and Mr. Snowman here have a date for hot chocolate and apple cider.”
“Do your joints or muscles feel achy?” he asked, trying to establish if was just a cold, or something worse.
Sherlock looked at him with disgust. “You are a child,” he said, but John could see him fighting back a grin. He laughed and it was Sherlock’s turn to roll his eyes. He bent back over his snowflake and continued tracing artistic blue lines through the white icing.
“Well, how long has this been going on?” she asked, indicating between them with her finger. John and Sherlock stared at her wearing matching expressions of embarrassment, dismay, and a touch of relief that they didn’t have to sit her down and explain everything. “Well, how long?” she insisted after several seconds of silence.
“What does that even mean? My heart is perfectly normal. The only thing wrong with my physical condition right now is that it’s keeping me away from you.”
He flicked on the TV, where the news was still playing, and turned his attention to the newscaster. There were still delays all across London and the surrounding areas and people on Twitter were having a meltdown. “Christ, England is falling,” John said, “we cannot deal with weather in this country can we?”
On the ride to the crime scene John looked out the window and realized that London was beginning to look like a map of their relationship. They were headed to Brixton, where they’d solved their first crime together, and they passed the dim sum place where they’d had their first date. John smiled when he saw the park where he’d seen Mike Stanford, who then introduced him to Sherlock. Everywhere he looked there seemed to be a memory associated with Sherlock, like Sherlock had stepped into his view and gradually gotten bigger and bigger, until his took up all of John’s vision.
And thats the end! A huge huge thank you to everyone who’s read, particularly those who’ve who’ve stuck around with me all month and/or commented and left kudos, y’all are the best <3
“Mrs, Hudson,” he said, looking at her over the top of his sweater, “did you make these?” When she nodded several things seemed to click into place in John’s mind. It was in this moment that he gratefully told her she shouldn’t have and Sherlock replied in the affirmative.
Instead he giggled, slightly confused and delighted by the unexpected direction that this night had taken. Sherlock smiled to himself at John’s excitement. He had wanted to pick up John and carry him around for a while now. He had first got the idea a couple of months ago, before they were even a couple, and when John had asked to take a carriage ride Sherlock took it as an opportunity to make an excuses to carry John around.
“For all I know, you can.”
They meandered along, discussing the many ways to kill someone using Christmas candy, and past cases with strange murder weapons, no doubt getting more than a few strange looks from passersby who happened to catch odd snippets of their conversation.
“Fine,” he said, “but whoever I get is not going to like their present.”
“You’ll see,” replied John. They finished putting the last of the groceries and headed down stairs to put on their coats.
John sat down across from him and set his hot chocolate on the side table by his chair. He opened his computer and began to draft a blog post, sipping at his hot chocolate as he typed. Sherlock was still leaning backwards, he head almost entirely upside down. When he straightened himself into an upright position his face was slightly read and his hair was flopping in his eyes. John glances up at him and, seeing his hair in its state of disarray, laughed.
“How did you-? I’ve been fiddling with that damn thing for twenty minutes.” Sherlock shrugged again and they watched the coffee slowly fill the pot, before pouring it into their own mugs.
Mycroft pursed his lips into a dignified frown and Sherlock looked at her blankly, but John smiled. Molly clasped her hands in front of her in expectant excitement, but seeing Sherlock’s blank look, continued. “You know, when you draw a name out of a hat and get that person a gift and we all-“
John laughed. “Don’t apologize,” he said standing up onto his tip-toes again to give Sherlock one last lingering kiss before grabbing his hand and pulling him back out onto the street. Once they were back out in the open John dropped Sherlock’s hand, but they remained close to one another, walking alongside each other, abnormally close together, stealing furtive glances every couple seconds, like they were children, sneaking around behind someone’s back.
Mrs. Hudson had knocked on their door a few minutes before, the expression on her face eager, determined, and a bit hopeful. “Are those for us?” John had asked, nodding towards the two rectangular white boxes in her hands.
“Yes, but you won’t, can’t risk injuring the weak,” he spread out his hands, gesturing to himself and his condition.
“Google search history.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, “Frozen counts as a Christmas movie, shut up.” John laughed at his conviction, but didn’t argue any further.
Surveying their work, Sherlock picked up an astonishingly detailed snowflake, and John followed suit. They each took a bite and sighed in unison, savoring the taste of the sugar, not for the first time that day. They shared a smile and sat at their table, surrounded by cookies and scientific equipment. John gazed at Sherlock and Sherlock, catching him looking, leaned over and kissed his forehead before continuing his cookie. John leaned against his shoulder and ate his own cookie, enjoying the silent company of the person he loved most.
“No.” There was a pause, before he sighed, “the tea helped.”
“Not yet, no. Although that piece of paper is intriguing. Why would she have it and nothing else?” John thought for a moment, but came up with nothing and shrugged. They walked for a while longer in silence. As they did, the snow got heavier and began to stick. By the time they got back to Baker Street Sherlock’s hair was completely full of the stuff. Sherlock shook his head, sending his curls, and the snow in them, flying. John ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair, brushing away the last of the flakes.
Sherlock nodded solemnly and placed his hands together in their position of prayer, as he did when he was thinking. “Well, get him something you know he’ll like, something related to an interest of his,” John said, “and nothing too flashy, you don’t want him to be embarrassed or intimidated.” Mycroft nodded, looking grateful but still incredibly uncomfortable at the fact that he was even asking this question.
They sat quietly, drinking their hot chocolate for a while, Sherlock getting up and pacing around the room at one point. John typed away at his blog, reading through comments and checking his stats. A case from a few weeks ago was getting a lot of attention and his inbox was full of curious readers asking for more information.
He felt like he was in a cocoon, a small pocket of warm safety, hidden away from the stormy word outside. Mrs. Hudson had the radio on downstairs, playing the old music John’s mother used to play and it, along with the smell of the bread she was baking, drifted upstairs to John and added to his sense of security, reminding him of home. It was the smell of bread that ended up waking Sherlock as well, who lifted his head suddenly but groggily and took a deep breath, saying “is that bread?”
“Oh Sherlock,” said Mrs. Hudson, “I’m glad you like it.” For a moment John was afraid they might hug but both sat down without embracing and John let out a sigh of relief, glad they wouldn’t be losing their flat anytime soon. To John’s surprise, Sherlock pulled the sweater on over his shirt and held out his hands as if to say “ta-da.” Mrs. Hudson looked extremely pleased with herself and John, feeling left out, pulled on his own sweater. It wasn’t scratchy at all, instead it was soft and warm and John found himself wanting to never take it off, despite its vulgar appearance.
He and Lestrade both stood back as Sherlock bent down and began to eagerly examine one of the bodies. They stayed at crime scene for some time, before heading to the crime lab to continue examining evidence. By the end of the day John was exhausted, but Sherlock was positively glowing. He’d coughed a few times throughout the day, but otherwise seemed miraculously healed.
The girl nodded sympathetically. In the meantime Sherlock had begun scratching under Annie’s chin and Annie rolled onto her side, tail still thumping in excitement. Everyone laughed at her enthusiasm and Sherlock obligingly rubbed her belly for a little while before standing. He thanked the girl, who smiled. “No problem,” she said. Sherlock retrieved his candy cane from John and they all said their goodbyes, Annie and the girl heading in one direction, John and Sherlock heading in another.
“Right, so, we’ll get started on analyzing her DNA at the lab then,” he said. As Sherlock started to answer flakes of snow began to fall. The trio looked up at the sky as if to check that this was where the snowflakes were coming from. Snowflakes landed on their faces and melted, leaving little water droplets in their place. The snowflakes were melting as soon as they hit the pavement as well, and Lestrade threw up his hands in frustration. “Damn it, all of the evidence is going to be gone when this is done,” he said. Already the pool of blood beneath the girl was starting to get watery and wash away.
As their eyes met Sherlock’s expression changed. “Come here,” he said. John stood obligingly, not really sure what he meant, and walked the two steps over to Sherlock’s chair. To John’s surprise Sherlock reached out and pulled him into his lap, bringing John’s shocked face nose to nose with his own mischievous one.
“So,” said Sherlock, interrupting Mycroft’s story, “who ran off with government papers this time?”
“I don’t envy you dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, standing, “best of luck.” She went back downstairs and John headed into the bedroom where Sherlock was hidden behind a large newspaper. When he heard John enter he dropped it, letting the pages spill widely across his lap.
“I can’t believe you can do that,” he said.
John looked up, searching his face for some indication of what the idea he had just gotten was. Sherlock raised the bow suddenly, cutting the music off mid-note. “I’ve got it,” he said, placing his violin in his chair and pulling out his phone. He called their client to explain his solution, twirling the bow in his other hand as he talked. John listened with a furrowed brow, furiously transcribing what he could hear of the conversation for his blog.
When they opened the door and stepped outside a few minutes later the wind was coming in gusts, catching their scarfs and hair as it blew by and attempting to carry them down the street. They bent against the wind, tilting their shoulders forward to protect themselves against the cold, and headed down the street. Sherlock, who would have been becoming increasingly indignant were it not for John’s visibly eager step, tightened his scarf around his neck to keep it from flying away.
But alas, the ride ended eventually, thankfully closer to Baker Street than where it had began, and Sherlock extricated himself from under John’s cuddles to exit the carriage. John followed him, thanking the driver as he climbed from the carriage down to the road. He pet each of the horses before joining Sherlock on the side of the pavement.
Sherlock paused, slightly out of breath. “Well, what are we waiting for, let’s go,” he said, striding towards the door. John and Lestrade followed him downstairs and Sherlock hailed a cab, which pulled up behind Lestrade’s police car.
Sherlock cleared his throat and Molly look at him. “I apologize if we were insensitive Molly, I didn’t mean to hurt you feelings.”
John rolled his eyes, but didn’t stop doing his little happy dance. “Fine, we’re even,” he said, “but I loved ice skating as a kid, you’re just being unreasonable.” Sherlock was secretly pleased about going skating, just because it made John this happy, but he maintained his outward distain. He stood, lifting John as he did, and walked to the bedroom, John in his arms, to get their shoes.
“Maybe track down a serial killer of two. Then skydiving, I’ve always wanted to try it.”
He smiled, looking up from his coffee to greet her, his sleepy-eyed expression a sharp contrast to her lively one. “Merry Christmas,” he said in return as Sherlock sat back down across from him and with a very grumpy look on his face. “What’s the matter?” John asked him.
“Well yes, that’s technically true,” John conceited, “ but still, holiday traditions give people something they can share.”
“I know,” said Greg, “that one’s for when the newspapers photograph you looking like a proper detective.” John snorted and Sherlock scowled up at him. Everyone else was suppressing amused grins.
Mycroft’s prim frown returned and he looked as his brother with an expression of resignation and displeasure, his discomfort at even being here palpable. “I have his name for secret Santa-“
“Sherlock COME ON, you promised you’d help me,” John called.
“Great you’re all here. Come in please.” She led them into the morgue, where there was a cadaver stretched across a metal table. “Sherlock, you can get started whenever,” she said, gesturing to the body, “and Mycroft, I’m not really sure why you requested to be here, but you’re welcome to... um... help?”
Sherlock shrugged demurely. “I don’t know, you tell me,” he said.
“What’s their name?” John asked the girl as Sherlock began scratching behind the dog’s ears.
John laughed, “yeah, come on.” He leaned against Sherlock for a moment, before stepping out of his arms and walking alongside him back home.
“Sherlock and I were thinking of hosting a Christmas party at our place,” John said, “we were thinking the 22nd? At 8? Does that work for everyone?” Mrs. Hudson and Molly both nodded and Mycroft and Lestrade pulled out their phones to check their calendars. They both nodded as well, verifying that they could make it.
She was turning her head rapidly to look between Mycroft and Sherlock, he ponytail swinging back and forth. “What? Who?” He voice sounded slightly hoarse.
John kicked him a final time and smiled at Mycroft. “Ignore him,” he said. When Mycroft was gone John turned to Sherlock. “You’ve never made a snowman?” he asked. Sherlock shook his head and John stood. “Ok, we’re going to rectify that,” he said, “get your coat.”
John rose early, after spending the night once again in his cold and empty upstairs bedroom, and wandered down to a quiet flat a few minutes later. Sherlock wasn’t in the living room or the kitchen, so John knocked gently on on their bedroom door and opened it softly when Sherlock called for him to come in. Sherlock was sitting up in bed, surrounded by pillows, reading a book.
“Nope,” said Sherlock, “extreme heat, we all panic. Lots of snow, we all panic. All we can handle is rain.” They glanced out the window, where the snow had stopped falling, but there were piles of it everywhere. They continued with their soup and slowly the sun set outside. They stayed where they were late into the night as the world turned into a winter wonderland around them.
His thoughts were interrupted by Sherlock, who stopped and stared, open mouthed, at something down the street. “What?” John asked, looking around at the many Londoners bustling around them, arms leaden with shopping bags, before realizing what Sherlock was staring at. A young girl was approaching them and as she got closer Sherlock called out to her.
“Yeah, come over,” was John’s typed replied. He set his phone down and nudged Sherlock with his foot. “Lestrade will be here in a little while,” he said.
Sherlock grinned. “Yes you are,” he said, reaching for John. John wriggled away and ran into the living room, where he curled up in his chair.
“John, how is that relevant right now?” John frowned and Sherlock resumed examining the body, who seems to have fallen, or been pushed, from the inside of a shop window onto the street outside. According to Lestrade, who brought John up to date on the case as Sherlock analyzed the body for clues, the shop itself had also been burgled and there were several valuable items missing.
“What?” said Molly.
Sherlock shrugged, “temperature affects me less, I guess.”
“Lestrade called, said there was a body for us to come look at later.”
Sherlock glanced over at John, giving him an incredulous look. John thought he looked majestic in this light. His hair caught in the brisk winter wind, his coat and scarf flapping in the breeze, his pale skin illuminated with a golden luster. When Sherlock saw how John was gazing at him his expression changed, becoming softer and more affectionate, instead of prickly and annoyed.
The horses took off, and with a slight jolt, the ride began. They gazed out together at the strings of lights and passing people, all bundled up in their warm winter coats talking on cell phones or with each other. The strings of lights all stood out golden and glowing against the sky now that the sun had fully set. Trees became invisible against the black night air and the lights wrapped around them looked like clusters of floating stars.
“I don’t need a full rundown on the detailed particulars of your experiment. Did you or did you not set human organs on fire inside our flat?”
“Hmm, that’s true. Fine I’ll come, but we’re just making a snowman, nothing else.” They put on their shoes, grabbed an old scarf and hat, a carrot, and some string and buttons, for lack of coal, and headed downstairs. After getting their coats on they went out, walking to Regent’s Park nearby. When they found an empty spot, with untouched snow, John stopped. Mycroft had been right, most of the snow was already ruined by cars and people walking, but they’d found a nice patch of clean snow near the lake.
This was so uncharacteristically emotionally articulate of Sherlock that John almost pulled away to look him in the eyes and make sure it was the same man he had kissed for the first time two months ago. “Yes, you make me very happy,” he said, knowing that was what Sherlock was really asking. “I just want to get as much happiness from you as I can, for as long all you’ll let me.”
Molly smiled weakly and nodded. “It’s fine, I’m fine,” she said, “I hope you guys have a lovely... um, I don’t know, just, good for you I guess.” To John’s surprise, Sherlock was staring at her sympathetically.
“Sherlock what the hell is that?” He asked, eggs still teetering dangerously in his arms.
“You know,” said Sherlock after a moment, and John was surprised to find that his tone wasn’t entirely mocking, “studies have shown that people feel closer to their partners when they are given gifts that remind the gift receiver of the gift giver. So if you two share a memory involving pumpkins or something, get him a gift with pumpkins on it.”
It was the kiss that said a thousand words. John told Sherlock how much he loved the song, Sherlock told John about how long he’s been writing it, how he kept adding to it every time he felt something new. John told Sherlock again and again how much he loved him. Sherlock smiled and returned the sentiment. And they stayed like that, talking, long into the night.
As they walked to Hyde Park the wind died down, and by the time they had reached the Winter Wonderland ice rink it had almost completely gone away, leaving a brisk chill in its place. They stood in the long queue, the park bustling with tourists and Londoners alike, despite it being the middle of the week, and waited to get tickets and their skates. When they finally made it onto the ice, each £15 poorer and with bright blue rented skates strapped to their feet, there were large clumps of people racing past.
Sherlock looked sideways at John before returning his eyes to the café across the street. “I can’t control the wind John.”
“Well,” said Sherlock, “she clearly didn’t have any plans for tonight and she seems like the kind of person who would be sad about that sort of thing and you said to make her feel better, so I invited her over.”
“Relationship addled state?” All of the blood drained out of John’s face as he watched Molly’s head snap up.
