Jimmy looks at me warily, as my eyes widen in surprise, “Oh my god, you do. Yes, Cas and I will sail off into town with Sam and Eileen and when we come home, we will have lots of sweets that we will eat in front of you as we tell you all about our fabulous day without you all”.
He looked at me for a moment but then I saw his lips twitch “Ok” he said quietly “A sandwich”
“We’ll see”. The visitor leaves, but he is not alone.
Even as he speaks, Cas keeps his face averted and I soon see why. I'd edged nearer to him while he talked, and I now see something that nearly breaks my heart. Cas is crying. Over me. Again.
“Ok first up, the boys have chores, we have chickens that need feeding and the coop needs cleaning out, eggs collected, boys know what to do. They keep their own rooms clean at all times and help Rose out with the housework.
I grin at Cas, “Yeah, Cas that was awesome” and because I want to mess with him a bit, I whisper in his ear, “Maybe you can try that move again later tonight” and I’m rewarded with a rapid breath in, and a blushing face.
………………………………………………………………………………………
“Hey Dean, Cas” I hear Jimmy call, followed by a knock on the door.
“Well where we are going, it shouldn’t be a problem” I said
Jack replies, “You forget Dean; the Entity made a deal with Billie to destroy Chuck. If it becomes aware of what we are doing, it could lure the other leaders to its side. And who’s to say it won’t honour its deal. So, we have to convince the leaders that we are the better choice.”
Naomi for her part looked shocked “What, did you find her, is she ok? she asked
Jimmy speaks up, “I didn’t know you could sign Robin. I learned a small bit in school”
Sam patted me on the back and said “Thanks Cas, for letting me steal him.”
“Soon” he replied
Sam replied “She’s still unconscious and I have done everything I can. Her bandages will have to be changed every 2 hours. Dean is taking first watch and I have shown him what to do. I’ll take over in 5 hours. Jack you and I should get some rest.”
She’s of average height, pretty, pale skin with flaming orange hair that curls down past her shoulders. She’s wearing a black one-piece sleeveless jumpsuit that shows off a slender body. Knee-high boots complete the outfit.
Eileen nudges Cas, "You better believe it."
“Do you want company” Jack asked
Standing, I said, “Excuse Cas and me, we have to take this” before quickly leaving the room with Cas on my heels.
Cas buries his face in my neck, “No, it’s a good kind of heavy. Stay a while”
Twenty minutes later I came out laden down with food and drink to last a month if needs be.
Clearing his throat, Dean asks, “Ok, first things first. Won’t Sam and I need bodies if we are going to be tripping around the planes of existence?”
Clearing my throat, I said “Yeah, Robin and I caught up with each other the last time I was here with Sam. We knew each other as teenagers”
She patted my arm and said, “I’ll see you Friday. But ring if there are any problems, ok” she said, before climbing into her car and driving off.
Michael seems to be thinking of something else, and Cas and I give him a moment. Finally, he asks, “Can I tell Jimmy?”
“I’m very well Sam, thank you” Cas answers.
Cas squints at me to check and see if I'm being serious, “You think I’m beautiful?”
“Good morning” I answered, standing up and walking over to the bed. I sat down beside him and bent my head to kiss him soundly.
“Yes sir. Ah the other boys were asking if they could help as well” he said looking up at Cas.
“The morning you left, I asked Dean to take a drive with me to talk about you.
Cas smiles at that, “See, it doesn’t matter who your father is; it makes no difference to who you are. You are the same Michael that you have always been. You do have some special powers that you will need some help with to control. Do you remember Rowena?” at Michaels nod, Cas continues, “Rowena thinks your powers are coming out, like sensing those demons, because you feel safe now. Rowena said she could help you to train your powers, but that is up to you. If you don’t want Rowena, Dean and I can help you, but you have to let us know; if you feel something or sense something ok, can you do that?”
The next thing I know Cas is between my legs with his hot wet lips wrapped around my cock, picking up where he left off last night. This is another thing Cas does with his whole body. His lips and his tongue are relentless in their goal.
“Damn Cas, out of the four of us, you are definitely the most romantic. Man, you have a way with words”
“Wow. Adam” Siobhan said “I’m doubly sorry now that I didn’t go with you. What was he like?
Cas’s groan of “Yes Dean, again” sends thrills down my spine and has me grinding my cock up into his mouth, Cas’s hands on my hips driving me on.
But the biggest change was about a week after he was back. Eileen and Cas had gone off on some vague shopping trip. Sam and I hadn’t thought much about it until they came back. We were sitting at the map table drinking beers when they arrived home and I glanced up to say hello and found myself doing a double take. Cas and Eileen walked down the steps with smirks on their faces with Eileen finally saying “What do you think?
Giving him a look of disbelief, “Of course I’ll tell him”.
Addressing the boys, I said, “Ok if you are up against an adult, because your smaller, here’s a few things you can do. Cas, we’ll start with the foot stomp you showed Claire to do” and Cas nods.
Cas stands and tucks Michael in while I check on the boys.
Cas texted me to say they had arrived at the farm, and Sam was going to set up in the barn to do the spell to reach Hell. Eileen would wait on this side to keep the spell fed.
The Prophet Part 7
I look at Sammy “What?”
I lift each of the boys by turn, swinging them around as I hug them tight, their giggles raising my lagging spirit. Cas is doing the same beside me, and soon the five of us go greet the rest of our family.
I hand him the sandwich and say, “Please eat something. We are going to need all our strength, Dean.”
Sam said nothing at all.
Michael turns to look up at Cas, “When the red lady was here. She made my skin prickle”
“Yes”
Jackie looks between the two of us, “Your story is the most interesting and the talk of the town.”
But also”, I turned to Jack “Once the spell is done, you and I will have be joined at the hip if we ever leave the bunker, because God is going to come to us and we will only get one chance at this.”
Winking at him shyly I said, “Actually Cas, you’re the beautiful looking one, me” pointing at my chest, “I’m handsome”.
Jackie smiles, “She’s good. Busy. But that’s what happens when you're one of the best RN’s in the County. How’s Michael doing?”
I look back towards the house and up to the window that I know Michael can now see out of and I sigh, “It's Cas. He’s so invested already. I’m worried”
“Ok ok, enough” I said laughing “Or I’ll start on the two of you” pointing at Claire and Kaia.
He had seen that phrase before “Aquaductus” meaning “Conduit”, but where.
To be continued
I heard Sammy breathing down the phone with me, “Dean you got this. I know you. But you have to take some of your own advice sometimes. If Cas is busy with this kid and you need to vent, call me, call Jody, call Eileen on Facetime. We are all here for you”
Cas recoils at the last word. “But they are children?”
He clicks his tongue at me, “Well, I ain’t one of them. I have no information for you, Winchester”, and hangs up on me.
Dean finally finds his voice, “Jody?”
“Stakes, iron, silver, salt, knife. I mean, we’re pretty much set to catch and kill anything I’ve ever heard of,” Dean hears himself reply.
“That was Bobby checking in” Sam replied, “He’s hunting a nest of vampires. He has a couple of people with him, he’s good”.
“Well, It’s like this. I need someone to run the farm for a while. Maybe for around six months. I don’t want to close it up as this place is a refuge for the kids and I know the State is looking for any reason to shut me down. Sure, why rehabilitate a kid when you can lock them up, right?” Sonny said sounding uncharacteristically bitter.
He then walked over to Siobhan,
Shrugging I grin, “Way”
“Please tell me there is wine left” I asked
He was wearing light blue jeans, black t-shirt and a light blue denim jacket which I so didn’t notice made his eyes even bluer.
Feeling slightly taken aback at her outburst I asked, “Because you’re a badass??” I said
Both of our cocks were leaking precum that acted as a natural lubrication as I stroked both of us, until Cas joined in, using both hands to my one.
“Yes, but how” I said
Oh god, it looks like this is it.
We rounded a corner and came across four Angels conferring with one another
“Neither did I” said Dean
Richards throws me a puzzled look before I laugh, “Dinner. I have dinner here. It's still warm, but by the time you get to your motel, it mightn’t be”
I took a deep breath “So, Castiel, Siobhan, will you marry me?”
I finally broke down and cried tears of shame. I barely registered Rowena pulling me towards her and letting me cry on her shoulder.
Eileen came up and took hold of both of Cas and me, linking her arms with ours.
I squeeze Cas’s shoulder, “Michael certainly isn’t. He was so relieved that we believed him. He has to be told what he is. Rowena has said that now his abilities are coming to light, they will just continue and grow stronger. He will need to be prepared.”
I stood up trying to accept what Cas and Dean had told me.
“I’m sorry to interrupt” nodding at the book, “But I’m taking the boys into town for some ice cream, would you like some Michael?”
With a sweep of his hand the kitchen table was laden down with food and every kind of alcohol complete with fancy glasses you could think of.
I squeezed Sam once more and then he let me go.
I looked at Cas. He was staring at Jack.
Jimmy nods his head but doesn’t say anything and Sonny breaks the embrace.
I can’t help myself, the last few days of having Cas at my side, laughing and joking and relaxing and now teasing each other goes to my head.
Castiel swallows before running his hand down Dean’s chest, flicking his thumb over his nipple. The gasp from Dean has Cas looking at him curiously, and he does it again.
She then called out that she’d be a few minutes. I told her to take her time. I then set about warming plates and putting on some music.
Jimmy eyes the two of us, looking like he doesn’t know what to believe. I have seen that look on dozens of victims of the supernatural. I hated seeing it on Jimmy’s face.
Nodding my head, I answered him, “Ok, leave it with me. I’ll ask around. We’ll find someone. You might just send me on some information as to what they will need to do with the boys, the farm etc.”
That last statement was enough to stop me asking where Siobhan was. “You want to play Monopoly? You do remember what happened the last time you played Dean??
I had to roar over the noise “I don’t know. We can’t see at the centre if it is having any impact on him. We have to do this now; we have no choice”
“It’ll take roughly 30 minutes” Rowena said
Making my way out onto the porch, I sit down on the swing as Jimmy’s replies to my “Hello Jimmy.”
I looked at Siobhan. She was looking at me in awe and then she opened her mouth
“No that’s ok Jack really. I just haven’t told the boys yet, that’s all, but here, look” I said taking my phone out of my pocket.
But Cas was downstairs again within five minutes. He shook his head at me, “He wants to be alone”.
“Siobhan being an Angel is black or white. There is no grey area. Tell her Castiel. Tell her that when you were an Angel of the Lord you obeyed without question. That it wasn’t until you were sent to Earth and made friends with the Winchesters that you started seeing in shades of grey”
I loved Dean and Cas so much. I could see the years into the future with them even though I knew nothing was guaranteed.
Pointing the spatula at her, I said, “That's not the point. They’re my guests. I’ll look after them”
“C’mon, I’ll tell you on the way”. Releasing Jimmy, I bend down to plant one more kiss on Cas, before stepping off the porch and climbing into the Impala with Jimmy sitting shotgun.
I looked at her and realised, she was right.
I hold out my hand and say his name, “Cas” but he hurries past me with Michael in his arms.
Dean and Cas eyes widened but they didn’t say a word. They stood on either side of me and stripped me of every piece of clothing I had on, kissing and stroking every bit of skin they uncovered. Then for the next few hours, they made love to me until I forgot my own name.
Dean stares at him before his eyes water, and he turns his head abruptly, but Sam continues, “I know how hard it was to ask me, especially when you think I might blow you off, but I won’t.”
“I better go see him” said Cas and left.
Jack was standing beside Eileen, who was crying. She was looking at Sam who was standing with his back to me, looking like he was hunched over someone. It took another second to realise there were arms arounds Sam’s back. Two arms clad in tan sleeves.
Cas lifts my face to his before kissing me softly and chastely, “I love you, Dean”.
The silence would normally have been comfortable, but I sensed a tension in Cas. Moving one arm around his shoulder, I asked him, “Cas, is everything ok?”
“No Dean, there are still 10 ingredients to go” Rowena said
There’s no response save a fluttering breeze that caresses his face and ruffles his hair. When he turns back to Jack, he finds him watching him with a strange expression, as if he isn’t happy about something.
Glancing around at each of them, I answer, “I like the way that Harry, Ron and Hermione come from such different backgrounds but become best friends, against the odds and a bumpy start. It reminds me of another trio I know, who had their fair share of bumps and bruises but came out right in the end”.
And Hell is too big of a risk because I don’t believe that Rowena has total control down there yet.
Dean takes a deep breath, “No, I mean, there were moments when I would feel something between us but then…….”
Then they had lost Cas.
Dean was at my side and I turned Siobhan in my arms to include him. The three of us hugged tightly and briefly, and then let go.
SIOBHAN
When it's time for the boy’s bedtime, Eileen asks if she can help them to bed and Cas and I agree.
“I need Jack and Siobhan to come back with me to Heaven” Naomi said
I waited him out. When the car was pretty much mulch, he stopped. I knew he knew I was there, but I said nothing. Eventually he turned and looked at me. The despair on his face nearly killed me.
Nobody said anything for about a minute. I was slightly stunned from what Dean had just said. The implications of why he said my name, but that wasn’t even the big secret.
Reaching out, I grabbed his hand and squeezed before releasing it and sat down beside him, “Sam says hi and to call if you ever need to”
A Hellhound is tracking someone in these woods. Sam has no weapons, but he cannot leave someone defenceless, timeline or no timeline. He cannot hear any screams or other noises, so the Hellhound isn’t attacking yet. There might still be time. Jogging silently to where he heard the growl, he peers around a copse of trees, but nothing could prepare him to see Eileen writhing on the ground, her mouth screaming silently as jagged slices open up her skin as she is torn apart.
Dean’s eyes glaze a bit, he’s staring so hard at him, but he blinks and lets out a snort, “Yeah, right. What the hell is this? What are you?”
I quickly gave my order “Two full breakfasts with everything” and then went over to stand by the window to wait.
And then I see the reason why this man is Sherriff. He turns steely eyes onto his son and tells him to go back to the office, saying he’ll speak to him later. The Deputy blanches at the look on his father’s face before throwing us a hateful stare. Turning on his heel he marches down the corridor before disappearing into the elevator.
Dean grins cheekily at Castiel, “Well, Cas, seeing as how you stopped me from kissing you the first time, I won’t make that mistake again. So I won’t kiss you untillllllllllllll……..”
“Dean what did the letter say? I asked
The drive into town is full of Jimmy’s teasing of Cas and me until I growl menacingly at him. Laughing Jimmy holds his hands up in surrender.
"Did you have a good day?" I ask him, throwing my arm around his shoulder. He grins up at me, saying "Yeah, I love the lake. It’s really cool there”
Unfortunately, we would have to wait for him to come to us. Which meant we had to be able to communicate with both Rowena and Naomi instantly, when that happened.
Feeling my face go warm, I feel my usual embarrassment and panic whenever feelings especially mine are discussed. But I remember how I felt when Sam was on the hunt and I was afraid he wouldn’t know how happy I was if something happened to him, so I push that fear down and look my brother in the face.
Winking at Eileen I said “The stomach wants what the stomach wants. So, what’s it getting?”
I shake my head, grinning, “Throwing down the gauntlet Cas, rookie mistake”.
“Dean”, Cas tries again.
He told her of his friendship with Sam. How he admired the man, who went from being intended to be Lucifer’s vessel, to a strong proud hunter who was also the gentlest of souls. How all three of them raised Jack and that Jack considered them all his fathers.
Dean and Cas shared a look.
I turned to Naomi and asked her outright “Why didn’t you tell us about your plan to use me to kill the Entity. Was it because you knew the Angels would fall back to Heaven, all of them, demons too? Are you on our side Naomi?
We walked arm and arm slowly back to our room talking softly to each other. When we entered our room, Dean was sitting on the bed looking so lost, my heart clenched in chest.
I had no answer.
“Ok, who’s going to catch me an elephant, because you know, I could eat one? I am starving” I said
………………………………………………………………………………………
“DUDES WHAT THE HELL. YOU PROMISED”
I averted my eyes and had rolled onto my back when I heard “Good morning Dean”.
Siobhan
The journey to Sioux Falls was a quiet one. Everyone was too alert for any sign of danger. I looked in the rear-view mirror and met Siobhan’s eyes. She had insisted on Sam taking shotgun while she sat in the back, in the middle between Cas and Jack. I smiled at her before turning my eyes back to the road. When we were an hour out from Sioux Falls, we made a stop at a Gas N Sip. We stocked up on food and toiletries, enough to last a couple of weeks at least. Then we were on the road for the last stretch of the journey.
A voice at the back of his mind smirks “You have competition Winchester. A lot of competition” which I dutifully ignored.
Cas had done more than reveal his feelings to me that last day, he had told me how he saw me, and how others saw me.
“I told them…………that……….that she left me in charge” Naomi finished
The crash of thunder had me jumping and all sort of alarms started blaring in the bunker.
“What?” Siobhan said trying to detangle herself from the bed sheets. She was still dressed in the clothes she was wearing last evening.
I speak up then, “In that case, I’ll be outside.
“You ok Sonny” I asked, “You look tired all of a sudden”.
Catching Sam’s eye, I indicate to him where I’m going before picking him up, carrying him around the side of the house and into the barn. I sit down on a crate, settle him on my lap, rubbing his back.
Ending the call with Sheriff Winters of Idaho Springs after informing him that Special Agent Willis, AKA Claire Novak was indeed one of our up-and-coming agents, I sat back and looked around the library. The changes were subtle, but it had a more organised look to it.
I was beginning to relax, ok I got this. It’s working its way up. Yes, I can do this.
I laugh and said “Unfortunately no, but don’t worry, my brother is still fighting the good fight. I just thought I was needed here”
After he moves the couch back to where it was initially, Michael smiles hesitantly at Cas and me, “You ok, Michael, you are doing great.”
What was happening? Why now were my feelings changing so fast? What was so different with Cas and I, that the floodgates were blasting open.
I looked at Rowena as she picked up another ingredient. Naomi nodded at her. Rowena turned towards me and whispered “I’m sorry” as she dropped another ingredient into the pot.
Robin blushed again, “Well yeah. But that’s just him, Dean. Not me”
“Agreed” said Naomi and she turned towards the stairs, Castiel following her. After she left, he came back to join me and Dean.
“Well” stuttered Sam “Cas doesn’t like her that way.”
I stared at Sam unblinking. I couldn’t deny it even if I wanted to.
Eileen and Cas have headed into Lebanon to do a beer run. I smile wondering what Cas will come home with this time.
“Dean”, whispers Castiel,  before he flies to meet Arael.
After settling it with Sonny, that Cas would be coming with me, I explained to Cas about running the home, showing him the emails with all the information that Sonny had sent me. Cas went into deep research mode. Looking up ways of making kids feel at ease, parenting tips, even some cooking skills.
Checking to see that the boys are all within my eye line, I edge over to Jimmy and Cas, “Hey Jimmy, having trouble picking something out.”
They are awake but other than looking like they got a fright, they look ok. I had warned them the evening before that Michael might be unsettled again after hearing Jimmy’s news.
Jimmy looks at me as if I had sprouted two heads, “Of course I trust you Dean”
Between licking strips of his skin, Castiel moans, “Dean, I have waited so long to taste you.”
I remember a promise I made to Cas and myself about Jimmy. Pulling out my phone, I text him, asking how he is and telling him Nicholas’s news.
I had no answers, so I let my mind drift back to this morning again, smiling as I remembered.
Sounds and images flash behind his eyes, but it’s over in seconds. As he raises his head, he sees Sam in a similar position, holding his head in his hands.
Well, he’s not staying there, I thought to myself.
“No, Sam you’re right, that sounds great” I said saying a silent apology to Cas for cancelling our plans.
Helen squeezes my arm again, “He’s in shock Cas. Give him time. Once he feels safe again, he’ll talk”
“Yes Naomi” Cas shouted “Yes, we know what you did. We know everything”
“You did that on purpose” I grumble
Eileen and Sam go a fabulous shade of pink with a glare from Sam for good measure.
Rose had gone all out. The table is set for four, complete with tablecloth, shiny cutlery and wine glasses.
Cas and I don’t speak much before bed and when I get in under the covers, I mumble “Night Cas”
We stop to get some ice cream cones before we head down towards the park where the rides and games were set up. The crowd is denser here and I find I’m grabbing for the boys to make sure no one gets lost. Cas swings Michael up into his arms and when I turn, I can see the relief on Michael's face.
Rolling my eyes, I answer, “I know Cas. I live here too”
“Stop Dean. I know where your temper comes from and I know you worry about me, but none of our roles in this apocalypse is going to be easy. And we have to try everything. Everything.” Siobhan said
“What do you mean he’s gone” I asked “Gone, gone where?”
“Maybe there’s a lesson to be learned there” he said staring at me with those all-knowing eyes I remembered from my youth.
Dean turns but still holds Jimmy in his arms. “Dean, we have to contact Rowena. Let her know she has a loose cannon if she doesn’t know already.”
Of all the scenarios I played out in my head, of how this would work out, this didn’t even enter my mind. They loved me, they both loved me and they both wanted to be with me.
Cas and Michael come home from visiting Jimmy in high spirits. Cas said the two boys never stopped talking while he was there, and he even left them alone for a while and checked in with Adam, who reported no problems.
Castiel’s face blanches, “Jack; they could be anywhere.”
“Yes” replied Castiel. “I remember you think……..????”
CASTIEL
I snorted then, “Isn’t that fucking ironic. That douchebag has a devoted mother, and I have a houseful of stand up wonderful boys, and they are …………………………..”
Sam glances at Dean out of the side of his eye, “Yeah, I get that, but Dean, if anyone is an exception to any rule Cas has, then it’s you. If he was out of the Empty…………………..well, I thought Cas would have been the first person you saw, not Bobby.”
SIOBHAN
“Ok as you would say Dean. It’s time to roll credits on this chick flick” trying to make light of it
I imagine seeing them like that in a very different setting. Cas’s face and eyes looking like that, staring up at me while I…………………
Jimmy stands up suddenly, limbs jerky, face flushed, hands clenched, “This everything. The vegetable garden, the days out, the confiding in me, the phone and now the fucking clothes. WHY DEAN. I didn’t ask for any of this shit ok. I just needed a place to crash until my Dad gets his shit together. Same as every other time. Is it to make me change my mind about going home? Because I won’t. I love my Dad. He loves me. Just because he can’t afford fancy days out and new phones and new clothes don’t give you the right to make him look bad. Sonny never pulled that shit.”
I spread my hands wide, “And why wouldn’t she? We’re awesome, aren’t we guys” and I’m rewarded with laughs all around.
Eileen and I, both working on our laptops, looked across the table at Sam and then looked at each other, before I asked, “I’m sorry what did you say?”
We walk over to one of the stalls that’s selling drinks and popsicles. As we are standing there waiting to be served, I can feel Sam’s eyes on me. Squinting up at him, I ask, “What”
Cas looked at Dean in disbelief “You can’t mean that Dean?”
I looked at my brother, the boy I had raised to become the man before me and I was so proud of what he wanted to do next, but I knew there and then, I was on a different path.
Not that I would say it to anyone, but I was on team Cas. I so wanted the second plan to work, though it was the harder of the two to pull off. I got up and dressed in sweats and a t-shirt and made my way to the research room. Books were still lying about from Sam and Jack. Naomi had promised us research material and I wanted them now.
I wipe the tears from his face with my fingers and with kisses, while telling each other “I love you” over and over.
“Oh” I said “I had to get a new phone. Lost my other one. What’s up? I didn’t think I had anything ordered with you” I asked
“Dean” Cas said “Siobhan has seen your life. She has seen what you have been through, what you endured. She knows where the temper comes from.
I mock glare at him and say “Asshole” under my breath, and he collapses back against the door laughing.
Heading down to the water’s edge, dragging my t-shirt on as I went, I hand Jimmy his t-shirt and a hat.
“Naomi said that destroying the Empty changed Siobhan at the sub-atomic level. What if it did more than that? I asked
Grabbing him by the shoulders, I pull him close, “Cas, we need to get home. The boys, particularly Michael, need us. Adam Richards will be arriving soon. I've requested that he keep an eye on Jimmy for us. Jackie says that Jimmy will be here for another week at least. You and Sam need to come back tomorrow to do some protection spells on Jimmy”
The relief I felt at Dean’s answer made me realise that I was right to bring this up. I had a solution, kind of an unorthodox solution maybe but a solution.
“What” I said
“Oh my God, Jack. You are so invited to every party” Dean hooted
I turned to face him….
But no sooner had Michael sat down, feet dangling in the water, watching the boys, Miracle drops a stick beside him. I watch from the blanket as he rubs Miracle’s head before picking up the stick. He throws it right into the lake, and I wince as Miracle dives straight into the water, splashing the boys, sending them shrieking.
I didn’t answer for a minute. I was trying to gather my thoughts and try to decide if I wanted to share my secret shame.
We had no women in the bunker to help her bathe, but Siobhan didn’t seem to be bothered. Dean and I held each arm and helped her into the bath and averted our eyes when the sheet fell.
One by one they each sat down.
I pointed at the coffeepot ignoring the smirk from my brother. I grabbed a mug and poured myself some coffee. I took two deep gulps from my cup before turning to face the room.
“No, Yeah Jody told us, but to see it…… its…….well it’s something” Alex said
“I’m so glad you’re ok” he murmured near my ear and then he said “I love you too”
Sam smiles at his brother, “Dean, no matter what happens today, you helped. You’re helping now by not leaving me alone; I really appreciate it.”
“Dinner sounds great. I’ll cook. You’ll help” I grinned at him.
When Dean arrived in Heaven, much too soon, it took all of Castiel’s willpower to stay away. The pull he felt to be in Dean’s presence and hear his voice was so strong that he nearly went mad.
Rubbing my tired eyes, I asked myself how long I had actually been deluding myself regarding my feelings for Cas.
“Naomi dropped off these books a while ago, and what did I do to deserve that?” I teased
Dinner was a lively affair that evening. The boys were in high spirits after their day out, Rose’s lasagne went down a treat, but only an hour later they started nodding off in front of the telly, the long day of sun and sea catching up on them. Saturday night or not, we half carry them up to their room, before nine o’clock, and shoo them into bed. Even Jimmy follows us up yawning saying he's beat.
Cas seemed to absorb that information, staring down at his empty plate before he stood up murmuring “I see, right, ok, ah excuse me”.
“What it comes down to is this, both armies have to keep Chuck occupied long enough for Jack and Siobhan to get to him” I said
Turning around to find Cas holding out his arms, I fall straight into them.
I make my over to Michael to sit on his bed facing him, “Hey buddy, so I hear you had a rough day yesterday”.
Sheriff Myers nods his head at Cas and simply says, “Message received. My apologies again” before he turns on his heel and leaves.
Dean peers out from Cas’s embrace to see they are in the kitchen of his house in Heaven.
“Good. so, these are your conditions. First, You will have a bodyguard, just until we catch Walker. He’s a hunter. You won’t see him. But he will see you. And Jimmy, he’ll sleep when you sleep, so no all-night keggers at the new place, ok.”
SIOBHAN
I stood up, “Cas, what is it? Is it Michael, the boys? Talk to me”
Cas then hugs Eileen tightly before signing the same message.
“D-Dawg, sit, sit” Sonny says being way too cheerful before 8am.
Jackie, encouraged by my words, continues, “Well, your arrival caused a stir. First that two such handsome men were arriving”
Siobhan
A noise at the door had me turning and there stood Rowena, the Queen of Hell and my friend. My life is so weird.
Turning to Cas, I said, “Cas can you look after the boys and I’ll find out what’s going on” and he agrees, herding the boys and Miracle as he goes.
But I can’t see how to make it right.
“I have to say, your town puts on quite a fair, we’ve really enjoyed our day, so far” Sam pipes up, ever the diplomat.
Michael’s frantic shaking of his head stops Cas, “No they are everywhere, outside. All around us.”
“Yes Siobhan, you will, thank you” she replied
SIOBHAN
Both Sam and Eileen have been texting over the last couple of days, depending on who’s driving to let us know where they are along the way. Between the travelling across the country and the clearing of the nest, they were probably tired or just because they are lovebirds, they have been stopping regularly so they are a bit behind schedule. I can’t really blame them. Looking at Cas, I understand completely.
And the only answer I could think of, was time. I had time.
“That’s a piss poor excuse Naomi.” I growled at her
Cas finally gets his greetings in, having let the boys get their bit of attention from Sam and Eileen first.
“But I thought you liked Siobhan, Cas?” Jack said “When we came back from seeing Naomi and you heard she might not survive the Entity, I saw your face Cas, you were upset, very upset…”
I can barely breathe thinking about Michael sometimes because I love him too. And I feel the same way you do about Keith and Nicholas.
The sky is roiling with dark smoke, twisting and turning through the trees, an evil menace that sends shivers down my spine, but that wasn’t what frightens me.
“The TV is going a bit wobbly” Joseph answers.
Despite their slow pace, both boys are sweaty and clammy when they reach me on the porch.
Now I’m in a full-blown relationship with my best friend. I care about these boys so much that losing any of them would be hard.
“I am, Sam. Or at least I will be if we can find Siobhan” I answered.
Before he can say anything, Castiel speaks, his voice trembling with fear, “Dean and Sam are gone, Jack. We can’t find them anywhere.”
“Jack, what are you doing here? Naomi asked
Travis throws me a wink together with a big smile, bigger than the situation warrants, “No time like the present”.
Holding up a hand, I said, “Jackie, that’s fine. Rose told me as much. We don’t mind. And Rose has been a rock for Cas and me since we got here. It’s all good”
It just hits more home to me how starved these kids are for adult attention and love. They are all wonderful kids, who haven’t given us one spot of bother since we arrived. They look out for each other and help each other out. I hate that life has given them such a bad rap.
Dean snorts, “You don’t know?
Siobhan looked from myself to Jack and said “Dean asked us to marry him”
My role as Conduit was to transfer power. The spell had done was it needed to do. Jack and I communicated together that the merging was done. We slowly detangled our minds from each other, and when we were free, we stared at each other smiling.
“What happens now” Sam asked
“How do we do that?” Sam asks
I look over at Cas, who’s grinning at me while wiping water from his eyes. The boys and Miracle join in splashing and dunking each other. It's hours before we leave the water again.
Curling up bed with Cas, skin on skin, I felt a happiness that I had only read about in stories and I fell asleep with Cas wrapped around me and a smile on my face.
When she lands, she recognises the garden. But, of course, it’s not THE garden. That place is sacred. But she knows it’s a special place for him; that’s why he replicated it here. He’s always drawn back here, sometimes alone and sometimes with Grandfather.
Dean stops him, “I know, Sam but now is not the time to discuss this.”
I don’t know whether it was because Rose didn’t know all the crap I’ve done before, or she was a new friend or maybe because she was in a same sex relationship herself, but I found myself spilling more than I thought I would.
As we start forward, a hand pulls at my arm. Feeling Cas’s hot breath in my ear, he whispers, “Just so you know, I like your freckles Dean. And I’m going to kiss every one of them tonight”
Dean’s eyes lower for a brief moment before he says, “We can ask Jack, he’ll ……….”
“Hey Cas, how are you doing?” Sam asks.
“It’s not working” he said “I don’t understand”
“No” I said “I don’t think I can eat until the boys come back. Do you think they’ll be long more?
Still kneeling over him, no part of our bodies was touching except for our lips, that is until I started exploring.
When Cas comes out of the bathroom, he’s fully dressed except for shoes and socks.
No answer
“Are you sure?” Dean said
Siobhan broke down in tears. Heart wrenching tears that streamed like a river down her face. She was still sitting in the bath and I sat down alongside the bath and reached for her. Her wet arms came around my neck and she continued to cry.
“Hell no, you will always be D-Dawg to me” Sonny says with an answering laugh and he embraces me tightly.
Sitting opposite Cas in Sonny’s office, I explain to him that Social Workers are trained to sniff out bullshit.
Sam snorted “I’m sorry, but did you think we were born yesterday?? After you ladies please”
I looked at him, my heart sinking and I said “Jack, you can do whatever you want. But yes, you will have a lot of responsibility. But always remember, that we are your family, your home is with us, and that will never change. We love you, my son. That will also never change.
Laughing, Donna takes the glass away from him and hands him the other drink she’s holding. Dean eyes it warily before taking a sip. Finding it more to his liking, he sits down on one of the chairs, and they all follow suit.
A bubble of laughter escaped my mouth as I said, “Yeah Jimmy I’m fine, I just got hit with an epiphany”
“Wow you look good, Cas” Sam said “Different, but I like it, but why the change?”.
We need you to be the distraction for Siobhan and me to fulfil our mission.
Thursday passed with Cas and I only seeing each other in passing. He was busy with Michael and I was busy with the boys.
The sharp pallor was gone from his skin, fading slowly after our showdown with Chuck. Those months towards the showdown had taken their toll on us. We had looked a little haggard towards the end. Now I barely recognised us, myself included.
Cas stood back up and took my hand again.
A noise behind me alerts me that Cas has joined us, “All ok?” he asks.
I also worry for Cas when the day comes when Michael leaves us. Shaking my head, I mentally put that in the “cross that bridge when it comes to it” cupboard. Until then I’m locking that door and losing the key.
“Bye, Dad”
Wards or no wards, we were taking no chances.
The tears seemed to be coming from the bottom of my soul. I couldn’t stop. It was like a lifetime of tears were trying to get out of me. I cried for the woman I was and the reason I had to leave my home, I cried for the family I lost, I cried for these two men I had lost and I cried tears of joy that they had found each other. I cried for the future I thought I would have, and I cried for this family that I would have to leave soon. As I cried, these two beautiful men, held me tight and cried with me.
As if he had been anticipating the question, Sam excitedly told Cas all about their plans for the bunker and the future upcoming hunters they would train.
“I don’t think they were translated properly” I said to her
Jackie turns to me, “Of course, Cas, anything.”
Sam looking between us said “Ok what’s going on? What am I missing?
I look at Cas like I’m seeing him for the first time. On his other side I can see Sam doing the same thing. I thank whoever made the decision to break me out of Hell and send Cas into our lives. He always has our backs. Where would we be without him?
Jimmy’s eyes narrow, “Conditions? You can’t stop me from leaving, Dean.”
He took down book after book but couldn’t find any mention of it.
The sound of someone clearing their throat alerted me that we had an audience. I turned and a man passing cleared his throat again and shook his head.
Cas smiles at Sonny as he continues, “After dinner in the evenings, their time is their own until lights out at nine”.
“Of course I’m going to beg” I cried “This is my home. We are all your children. Why would you do this?”
“Dean, we have to stop” Castiel broke the kiss long enough to whisper those words
I can feel myself blushing to the roots of my hair and I stutter “I believe I explained why, the last time I was here. I had a good excuse you know”
I turned serious then and told them what Naomi had said and the promise I extracted from her about the Angels and them not seeking revenge.
Meeting my eyes, he says, “Yeah, Cas.”
At the end of the corridor, Naomi opened a door, and we followed her inside. The door was like a normal door but the room beyond was breath-taking in its size as well as the population of angels that were waiting there.
Rose laughs “I think we’ll have to install a coffee machine in your room Dean so you can be caffeinated before you grace us with your presence”.
And before I can say a word, Cas climbs off the bed and walks into the bathroom. A beat later, I hear the shower, “Fuck”
Sonny had a grill which I cleaned to a shine, and the boys helped with cutting the grass and cleaning the yard to make it look nice. I took a trip to the Walmart in Fallsburg, picking up string lights and bunting to put around the place. Sam and I rarely got to celebrate this. Remembering when we were kids, I had brought him to a field to set off fireworks when Dad was off on a hunt, and we nearly burned the field to the ground.
The past week had been an eye-opening experience.
Man, I love my two boys, but Sam had them beat in the hug department.
“She’s gone” I said
I'm so surprised; I automatically return the embrace. It takes me a minute before I ask, “What brought this on?”
“Michael, you know the downside to feeling better?” I smile at him when he shakes his head, “Schoolwork” and laugh when he actually perks up.
Castiel replied “I know we don’t know her that well yet but no, I don’t think she will”
She sat up and found herself staring into four pairs of eyes, men’s eyes including the man with the kind face and the bluest eyes “Oh crap” she thought, “he is a psycho. In her apartment.” The she realised someone was talking, saying something to her but the noise in her ears was blocking out what they were saying.
I turned to glare at Cas, but my glare vanishes when I looked at him.
Sarah nods, “He should be able to have a shower tomorrow but no bath or swimming for at least another week”.
“Thank you” Cas replied smiling at Sonny, “I’m glad to help”.
CASTIEL
Castiel was still thinking of what Dean had said. He had been with women since he came to earth but none of them had made him feel like this. His time on earth had changed him more profoundly than he thought. He knew he loved, he loved Sam like a brother, he loved Jack like a father but romantic love, he had only felt that for ……………
A scream ripped the air, and all four men ran running to Siobhan’s room.
“Of course” I replied “I understand”
Sitting on the bed, I pull him into my arms and hold him as he cries for everything he’s lost and everything he’s endured.
Cas and I look at each other puzzled, “Us.”
“Oh boy” I replied
The three of us sat on the bed with our arms wrapped around each other. I was wiped out mentally but physically I felt amazing.
Everything was as we left it including the silver pot used to do the spell, well almost everything,
Sam stares at Cas before his eyes go wide as he takes in his beaming smile. He gapes over at me. He seems to get it, taking in my very warm face and sheepish look, he whispers, “No way”
With a big smile on my face, I joined the boys in cleaning the coop, asking them questions about what the chickens liked, and I even got a few tentative smiles back from them, which I would take as a win.
Even if I wasn’t aware of him angelically, the noise alerted me to him. I entered the garage and there was my Cas, coat and suit jacket flung on the ground and he was beating a tyre iron off what used to be a very nice car.
I know what he’s asking. Cupping his face, I told him, “Yeah I meant it. I love you Cas. I have for years. I’m sorry its taken me so long to realise it” before kissing him again.
“Hold on, Jimmy,” I said before indicating to Cas I’m taking the call outside.
So, I might as well do something productive.
“Oh, right right, well I was hoping we could come to visit. We’re really not too far away and it would be wonderful to catch up” Dean replies
Miracle, suddenly not happy to sit in the middle, climbs over Cas to stick her head out the open window.
Sam turns to look at him, and for a minute, he feels real fear.
Spinning around, I demanded, “Rowena, where are we?”
Rose smiled “Well don’t get too used to it. I don’t usually work Sundays, but I made an exception for you boys”.
After that, we all shared chores, including looking after the chickens and the vegetable garden, which was starting to produce fruit and vegetables, much to the boys' delight.
“Sam snorted “Seriously, because you know weird is what we do”
Michael’s question seems to have attracted the interest of everyone in the room. Looking at Cas, who’s grinning at me, I turn back to Michael, “You’re right Michael, I did say that. So, tomorrow, we are going to bring Sam and Eileen to the lake, and you are going into the water, so I think that has worked out perfectly. In fact, while the weather stays good, I can see the lake becoming a Sunday tradition around here, what do you think?”
“Well, that’s a great idea?” Rose exclaimed “I would love to do it myself, but I suck at gardening”.
“Dean her eyes are open” I heard someone say
The rest of the evening with the boys is filled with pizza and reruns of Stargate Atlantis, while impromptu demonstrations of their self-defence moves are practised during commercial breaks with Cas and I shouting instructions or laughing at their antics.
Robin smiles, “Absolutely, I can put the ice cream in proper bowls for you. I can collect them tomorrow when I call for the lessons”.
I enter Jimmy’s room just as he's leaving. I smile and pat his shoulder as he passes me before he makes his way downstairs.
Turning to look at Helen, I ask, “What now?”
Dean side-eyes Sam, “Are you sure this is the right address?”
“Yeah, there’s a lot of that going around” I muttered
“Davie, thank you.” Dean replied. “We owe you big time” and hung up the phone.”
“My car, I don’t think so. This is my car. My Baby” I grinned
“That the angels would follow me………you know……….after” Jack replied
We spend the next few hours, showing the boys some basic moves, including how to make the proper fist for punching. The boys lap it up and kept coming back for more.
Dean kisses his throat and says, “Just happy.”
I manage to wheeze out, “I just lost Cas all his admirers. There will be broken hearts all over Hurleyville tonight”.
SIOBHAN
“I don’t understand” I said
“Are you still on board with this? I know we have been taking things slow, you and me. But I want you to know, you are enough for me. And the only reason I suggested this was because I knew you shared my feelings for her” Cas stated
I peeked around the curtain on the window just as Naomi started calling “Siobhan, Jack are you there? It’s me, Naomi.”
In the afternoon, relaxing on the porch swing, Cas’s head in my lap, I sit listening to the boys playing, the chickens clucking and the drone of insects, while carding my hand through Cas’s hair.
I looked at Dean in exasperation and he shrugged his shoulders and mouthed “I’m sorry.”
While Dean holds Jack in his arms, it’s then he can feel how much time has passed. It’s like he can feel the years stretching out behind him. And the yawning gap that’s missing in his daily life, the space where a best friend should be, feels so acute.
Cas and I got back into a rhythm with the boys, the four of them still sharing a room and loving it.
“Oh Dean” Cas gasped, and I could feel his hot cum spurt inside me, Cas jerking through his orgasm, before we both collapse towards the bed, Cas half on top of me.
I whisper, “Hey Cas” and I’m rewarded with a loopy smile.
Smiling up at Eileen, Sam replies, "We were still going to come for the 4th July weekend."
Pushing his hat back, he bites out through clenched teeth, “Well you might stop making a public spectacle of yourself for a start”
But he also needed to keep his distance from her because of his deal with the Empty. He could not let his feelings for her grow any more than he had.
“Dean look no offense but this Siobhan, can you trust her?” Jody asked
Tapping the roof of the car with his knuckles, Dean says, “Get in.”
Cas has stopped making sense and with a sharp moan he spills all over my hand and his stomach. Watching my angel come undone, sends me over the edge. Holding Cas’s hips with a punishing grip, I shudder as I come and fill Cas up, saying his name like a prayer.
Dean’s “Hey Cas” pulls a smile from me despite the events of the day.
Dean twists in his seat and roars, “THE DEPUTY CAS. That fucker is the one who isolated Jimmy after he was beaten to a pulp and witnessed god knows what.  Jackie says Jimmy is traumatised. He hasn’t spoken after his initial attempts to ask for us. I am going to fucking kill him.”
Oh God, they really were going to be impossible to live with.
Sam said, “I’m on it” and ran from the room.
I grasped his hand and knelt back down beside him, “Yes, Cas you’re really home” I told him.
Once Helen leaves, I make the introductions between the Sheriff and Trace O’Brien.  Once the pleasantries are done, Trace says, “Shall we get down to it”
He shakes his head at me before breaking into a wide smile, my smile, “I can’t be mad at you. You look so happy. I like it”.
Sarah can see I'm spiralling and takes pity on me, “Dean, you are going to be fine. The most important thing here is that Michael gets the security he needs to heal. Security from what I heard; he has never had. I don’t think that boy has felt safe one day in his whole damn short life”.
Without missing a beat, Arael says, “The Entity in the Empty is extremely angry, and it wants to reset the Universe.”
Her skin was being sliced open by razor sharp blades, and she could feel the blood running freely, her skin was bubbling off from being dipped in molten lava,
“Just that shit we think is important, who we are or supposed to be, doesn’t really matter. All that matters, we allow ourselves to be who we want to be, allow ourselves to be happy”.
Siobhan, Cas and I sat at the table in the kitchen. We had worked out how we were going to handle Naomi. Now we were waiting.
I turned to Eileen and she reached across the table to squeeze my other hand, “Yes we will”.
“Yeah, that’s no problem Dean, anything you need”, he gives me a small smile before going back downstairs.
Cas is panting, and he grabs Dean’s hair, guiding him as he sucks up and down his cock.
There was a field behind the house that encroached onto a wooded area.  I could see boys in the distance, hanging clothes on a clothesline, and another chopping wood. Cas came to stand beside me and followed my gaze. He turned to me with a small smile on his face. His reaction took a weight off my chest that I hadn’t realised was weighing on me. This wasn’t just a brand-new experience for me, it was brand new for Cas. And I was never so pleased to have him by my side.
“All go ok? she asked
Rowena was silent after hearing all this for about 30 seconds them she turned to us and screamed ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR FREAKING MINDS?? IF EVERY DEMON AND ANGEL FALLS BACK TO HEAVEN AND HELL, HOW WILL I RETAIN CONTROL.
I'm aware that Cas’s breathing is shallow, and it's only when his tongue darts out to lick his lips that I break eye contact to trace its journey.
Rowena says a name that means nothing to me.
The cheers in the car are deafening with Miracle joining in for good measure.
Eileen signs back to him smiling, “Very well-done Joseph, and it's lovely to meet you too”
Robin replies laughing “I know, I know, I’m just teasing” and she nudges her elbow into my side.
Nearly tripping over a very man-sized shoe that could only belong to Sam, I look up only to see my brother's bare ass bending over the map table, and he’s not alone, and he’s not the only one naked.
I laughed “Jeez Robin, I know that. But I only said that because he was being such a douche”
When he had been dispatched to try coax Siobhan out of her room a week ago, Siobhan had answered the door and told him she was fine and that she was working on something but the one thing that happened that he didn’t tell the boys about was that before she went back into her room, she put her arms around his waist and hugged him, and quietly whispered “thank you for everything”.  He had automatically put his arms around her and had been stunned at the feelings of rightness he felt.
I leaned back and held him by the shoulders and said “We’ve missed you too, you know. How long can you stay?”
And then he’s walking towards me.
Cas nods at Sonny on hearing this information, turning to Jimmy he asks, “Really, you like to work with your hands, Jimmy?”
SIOBHAN
If there was a reluctant hero in all this, it was Siobhan. She didn’t want glory, she didn’t want worship, she wanted family. That’s what she was fighting for here.
“Sit” she said mock glaring at us
“I said no, Arael. So why are you pushing this? I thought you understood.”
I shook my head, “Don’t apologise for that asshole Robin. You did nothing wrong”
We both stand abruptly, my head swimming from the suddenness of it.
“I’m sorry Dean but I couldn’t approach the house with all the warding, I had to throw a stone at the door” Naomi replied
When we reached Lebanon, I stopped talking.
Cas’s lips are sweet and soft, and I lose myself for a minute. Smiling at him, lips still touching, “The universe is open to you. What do you want my angel?”
Jimmy and Michael make their way to the house together, Jimmy keeping his pace to match Michael’s. I can see Jimmy speaking to Michael, bending over to speak into his ear. Knowing Jimmy, they’re probably words of encouragement, to help Michael relax.
Jimmy looks awkward as anything before he speaks, “Yeah, ah, Cas thought I should come up and wake you. Dinner's nearly ready.”
Making a mental note to stay close to them today, I showered and made my way down to the kitchen, wanting to be there when the boys arrived down.
Following Ms Mason out to her car, I ask her what happened.
Shaking his head, Cas continues, “Dean, what could I say except yes. We won’t be able to hide anything from him. And it wasn’t that he knew what Jimmy was thinking; he understood why Jimmy wasn’t ready. It's unbelievable.”
Looking at him in surprise, I said, “No, no actually the opposite happened” and Cas tilts his head looking puzzled.
“You know nothing” he answered angrily. “There are reasons why I’m keeping my distance from you.  And it’s not because I don’t like you in fact, I feel the opposite” Castiel stopped suddenly when he realized what he said
Jody sneers, “Right. Sure you are. And I’d believe that if I hadn’t seen Sam just last month. You’re looking mighty good, Sam. Did you get a facelift, put a colour in your hair, since the last time I saw you? And as for you,” she said, pointing the shotgun at Dean, “Best looking twenty-year-old corpse I’ve ever seen. Fuck you. Fuck you for impersonating him”
I glance over my shoulder at him grinning, “You’ll see” and I'm rewarded with a giggle.
I laid it all out for her, the whole plan explaining everything that had happened in the last while. She got really quiet, and I heard her blow out a puff of breath.
They turn as one and that’s when I see Cas properly. I have to suppress a gasp trying to escape. Cas is wearing dark jeans, black t-shirt and a ruby red leather jacket I had picked up from a thrift shop for him. With his messy hair he looks………………gorgeous.
Dean, Siobhan and I were heavy into deciphering the texts when Jack appeared beside us.
Blushing she says, “I don’t think i can recreate those days out you did for him, not straight away anyway”
I looked at Dean with raised eyebrows.
“I’ll explain later” I muttered making my way to my room
“What do you mean?” She asked
Turning towards the door, we watch as Nicholas runs out onto the porch before stopping suddenly like he’s run out of fuel. Mother and son stare at each other for a long moment, then Nicholas jumps down off the porch before they leap towards each other, squeezing each other tightly.
With only our hands and lips touching, we are enclosed in a cocoon of kisses and tiny gasps. I was only hoping to provide comfort, but Cas had other ideas.
The Sheriff tips his hat back and says, “Yeah, about that. There’s been a bit of a development”
Images tore at me, Castiel and I laughing walking along a boardwalk beside the sea, me sitting on Castiel’s lap at the map table while the boys all sang happy birthday to me, Castiel and I kissing, making love in the bed we were now tangled up in, Castiel whispering he loved me, me whispering back I loved him………… then screaming, coldness, a dark presence behind Castiel before a creature that appeared tore at him and then they both vanished.
He didn’t dream.
………………………………………………………………………………………….
Happy my idea is going over well, I tell them we will do some in the afternoon, but the rest of the morning their time is their own.
“Cas, remember when we were in hell and Rowena started the spell, she started saying to us that the spell was twofold before she shazamed us out of there.”
I opened the door of the car and searched it but found nothing until I checked the glove compartment.
Winking at him, I said, “Fulfilling a promise.”
Sam laughed and pointed at Jack “Ah Hello Pot, Meet Kettle” pointing at me.
Jack reaches to squeeze Castiels shoulder, “Your place is right here. By Dean’s side. I will deal with Eve”, and with that, he vanishes.
“It always is” Jack replied smiling at her, and she smiled back at him ruefully.
Rolling my eyes, before flashing a grin at her, I join the boys at the table, where Keith is excitedly telling Michael all about the lake, and the hike to get there and what they did the last two times, they were there. Michael stares at Keith intently, like he does when anyone has his attention, taking it all in.
Sonny grasps Cas’s outstretched hand in his, “Cas, welcome, any friend of D-Dawg is a friend of mine”.
We leave Helen with the two of them as the rest of us wash up for lunch.
Arael watches as Jack turns to her, “This has gone on long enough. I’m sorry now I didn’t push it. But we have run out of time. It’s time to put our plan in action.”
So, Siobhan explained, everything and it all made horrible perfect sense. When she was finished, I was breathing hard and fighting my anger.
“Weapons” Sam said
When I finally look back at him, Jimmy has moved even closer. “Are you ok Dean?”
Jimmy shrugged shyly, “Well yeah, I asked him about his name when we went for a walk last week. I looked it up when I got home. Castiel, Angel of Thursday. It suits him, don’t you think?”
Rose left a lasagne in the fridge for us and I put it in the oven to heat. Miracle throws herself down on the porch, having had plenty of exercise for the day. I pour water into her bowl and leave it there beside her.
Cas takes the shower first as he wants to get back into Michael. He’d told me that he had got up a couple times to check on him but found him fast asleep both times.
“Yes” I whispered with tears flowing down my face “Yes, yes, yes………..”
I grasp his hand and kneel back down beside him, “Yes, Cas you’re really home” I tell him.
“NO.” Jack shouted Then taking a deep breath he said,
And then he turned to Siobhan and everything that had happened with her. I knew something was going on with them at the time, and I felt a bit ashamed about how I butted into the middle of it, but I knew now I couldn’t give Castiel up and yet
Then it’s just the two of us. I don’t know why Jimmy is angrier with Dean than with me, but there is no logic with grief, as Dean says.
Cas’s hands were still on my shoulders, “Jack told me about your prayers, he told me you wanted me to come home, but I didn’t hear your prayers Dean, I’m sorry”.
I could see Sam’s reaction to both of us. Cas and Dean were staring at us in disbelief.
Cas glances up at me, “No reason why you can’t do both. I could mind the boys if you wanted to go out. I’m sure Sonny didn’t live like a hermit.
I smile as I watch Jimmy. Despite being four years older, he's very patient with the boys. Playing with them, answering questions. Being the good older brother even though in reality he's an only child. He reminds me, well, of me.
Cas’s face doesn’t change, but he nods his head.
“Welcome to Hell boys…………..again” I muttered
“Why didn’t you tell us?” Dean roared
“Well well, what two handsome men you bring me Sonny, makes me almost sorry I don’t bat for your side” she said with a wink at us.
I just nodded, not trusting myself to speak.
Overcome, I press a quick kiss against Cas’s lips before holding him tight, and for once, there’s not a word from Sam.
But everyone else we lost when Chuck did his whammy are back including Eileen, who I can hear laughing down the hall, no doubt at something goofy that Sam had said. I was happy for Sam, for both of them, remembering when Eileen had knocked on the bunker door only a month ago, the look on my brother’s face was nearly worth all the crap we had gone through beforehand.
As we eat, Sam brings us up to date on the boys. Helen calls out most days to make sure everything is ok. Even though she has met Sam and Eileen, they aren’t precisely government-sanctioned to mind wards of state. But for this week, she’s willing to look the other way.
Sam suddenly sits up, “Dean, are you hungry? I could make us something.”
“It’s like there is some barrier shielding her. She can’t be harmed but she also can’t be healed” Cas said
In the silence after this statement, I ask him “Sonny, what’s wrong?”
The only one he is here to rescue.
I eventually leave not able to take any more. It’s not that I begrudge Cas the attention. Like Cas put himself out there and I ignored it. I’m still ignoring it. So why wouldn’t he move on.
“Shall we?” Arael asks, not knowing she just rattled Dean’s world.
“Hello Dean”
“Yes, I am” she replied
“Women’s stuff” I said “She’s part angel, does she even need women’s stuff anymore.?
Why did I always keep hurting him? After everything he has done for me and for Sam, I always kept on hurting him.
After a couple of questions back and forth, Cas tells Sam all about the garden and what they planted and how the boys enjoyed working with their hands. He told him he was trying to come up with new ideas for the boys now.
Dean takes his hand away from Castiel’s mouth, but they are both standing chest to chest. Dean watches in fascination as Castiel’s eyes drop to his lips and his breathing hitches. Castiel notices and his eyes find Dean’s again, asking, “Are you going to kiss me?”
She looks at me pointedly, “Maybe because he’s the Sheriff’s son. Look don’t get me wrong; Sherriff Wade isn’t so bad. He loves this town and does right by it, but he has a blind spot where his son is concerned unfortunately”.
“Well” he said “Under all post offices, everywhere, there’s an entrance.
Rowena’s eyes widen before glancing over our shoulders, her eyes on Michael. Then, turning back to us, she asks, “And the men who did this, his mother, where are they?”
Dean shook his head and said “No no, this is not happening, this is not happening”
Turning to the boys I said,” Did you think I was going to bring you here with nothing? Where do you think I was this morning?”
“She told me she loved me” Jack said with tears running down his cheeks.
“Anytime Dean and goodnight” and he gets up off my bed and climbs into his own.
I wasn’t a virgin when it came to anal sex having explored it with women who were into it with strap on’s. And I knew that if Cas and I wanted to explore that I was going to need to pick up some stuff the next time I went to the drug store, but right now I didn’t care.
Cas listened attentively and asked a question here and there, before finally saying, “Sam, Dean, Eileen, this is a wonderful thing you are doing. Putting all this to good use. I hope I will be able to help in some small way”.
Cas and I sit facing each other in the office, knees touching, hands clasped, eyes on each other. The seconds pass like I’m back in Hell. The time dragging out like string cheese.
Cas and I smiled at each other over the desk, before Cas’s face turned serious, “Dean there’s something I need to talk to you about”
Sam looks on in disbelief, “Your kidding, right. There is no way Cas doesn’t want to see Dean or me. Why wouldn’t he want to see us? There’s no way…………………………….”
Cas is already finished, sitting on his bed wearing tan shorts and a white t-shirt.
Watching them, he remembers his younger self, how he would never deny her anything and never did, including that party, and he hated Halloween.
Castiel and I looked at each other but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t have to; I knew what Naomi had said was correct. Castiel had told me, when I had asked him once what it was like being an Angel.
Cas and I both sleep in our boxers and t-shirts as the attic is warm at this time of year. I can feel Cas’s bare legs against mine as I kneel over him, my hands still pressed against his shoulders, his hands still cupping my face.
Leaning back, I had just said, “I’ll see you later ok” before we can hear whoops and wolf whistles coming from the sitting room.
“Rosario”, it whispers.
Rowena climbed into the car and sat quietly beside me. I initially was annoyed by the intrusion, but her silent presence beside me was comforting.
As we continue to grin at each other, the air between us grows heavy and as I watch, Cas’s smile fades and his pupils enlarge. Fascinated, I watch them go from brilliant blue, to inky black with a sliver of blue like lightening around the edge. It's like watching an eclipse.
Sam huffs a laugh, “Around forty.”
“So, what’s with all the belly aching” I asked.
I turned around and there coming towards me was Roger who owned the auto shop. I bought supplies off him sometimes when my poor “Baby” got banged up.
Cas may not be an angel anymore but the essence of who he was, is still there. It shines out of him. Just like Cas’s presence grounds me, it seems to have a similar effect on Michael.
“You want to lie to Dean and Cas? I asked
After I release him, I tell him, “Cas is asleep. I’m going to check on Sarah and Michael. Can you keep the boys entertained for a small while and I’ll join you at dinner?”
“I’m so sorry Sam” I began
At that, I pull my hand out of his and cup his face, “No, Cas, you didn’t screw up this morning, I did. I need to use my words more often. You are so much better at this than I am Cas. I’m learning from you.”
Arael smiles again, “Yes, I know. Jack has told me all about you. Castiel too. I have wanted to meet you for a long time now. I am sorry it is under these circumstances.”
“I know Dean” Cas said “We’ll find her, and we will fix this. I believe that. I have to believe that”
Cas hands the boy’s bottles of water and he fills a bowl for Miracle.
“Cas came into Sam’s and my life over 12 years ago, right when we needed him. It wasn’t always smooth sailing, our friendship, but we always came back to each other, we have had some terrible fights and differences of opinions, that had us separated for months at a time.
That I can smell bacon as well, hurries my shuffling along. I find Sam standing over the stove cooking breakfast and Eileen and Cas sitting at the kitchen table, coffee cups in front of them.
Siobhan screamed “YES”
Tears fill his eyes as he takes in the photos. In all of them, he’s smiling with his arms wrapped around one of the girls. He remembers they were a balm to his soul after the continued silence from Cas and the message from Jack. Especially Claire.
Jackie laughs at Dean’s mock indignation, “Well, that might be my fault. I helped once. We had to call the fire brigade. Scarred for life, she is.”
“And this is Siobhan” I said “Siobhan, this is Jody”
“Oh, hey Jimmy. Sorry I thought you were Rose,” I said
I grimace “Ouch. Here, scoot over” I grab Cas by the arm and pull him towards me, so he's sitting in the middle of the seat, leaving Miracle to stick her head out the window.
Cas’s face transformed into a beaming shining light before his face fell again, “Dean I don’t know how much more I can take. I’m afraid to enter a room. I’m afraid to sit down. And now it looks like I’m afraid to eat anywhere that is not my room. I’m nearly sure they haven’t defiled there yet”
Each of us looking wiped out. Dean sitting across from me had everything I was feeling, running across his face.
The resulting two hours are spent laughing, cheering and merciless teasing as we try to outdo the other team. I watch my sasquatch of a brother, when his team gets his charade right, hold up his hand for a high five. Cas picks up Joseph to reach Sam’s very high hand. The result is Joseph high fiving Sam, before dissolving into giggles that set the rest of us off.
“So, can you tell us what happened” Jody asked
She turned towards me with the knife raised. Her hair was half out of its ponytail and her face was flushed
I'm going to go to bed and throw the covers over my head and hibernate, but Cas tugs me back downstairs and marches me out to the porch swing and makes me sit down. Disappearing back inside, he's soon back with two bottles of beer.
Settled back in the bed, she closed her eyes without saying a word.
I give Michael’s hand a squeeze before standing up and kissing Cas on the forehead.
“What are you doing, let me go, Sam” I roared
Dean looked down at her and said “We are all going”
I clapped a hand on Cas’s back and whispered “I’ll explain later” while I turned and murmured “sheltered upbringing” to Rose and Sonny and that seemed to settle that.
Siobhan turned towards the door all the while keeping up the mantra in her head saying “Do not look at them, do not look at them, OMG do not look at them.
Sammy’s stunned face when I finished was, I’m sure mirrored in mine.
“But I don’t believe him” I said
Swallowing hard, I whisper, “Yes Cas, I can do that”.
I look down at the ground before huffing out a breath, “I’m going to go in and say goodbye. Send Adam in when he gets here, ok.”
I look back over at him and say, “I miss them, Cas, but with you at my side, I’m more than ok.”
I laugh self-consciously at her antics, but Cas’s face gives me pause. For a second he looks …………………..devastated, is the only word I can think of but he schools his features into some semblance of a smile and says “Well I hope your heart didn’t hurt for long. I know it’s not pleasant”
Sarah hurries over to Michael, but he flinches away from her. Bending down beside Cas, I can finally hear what Michael is saying over and over.
“Well, she did say she was going to find ways to help in the fight. Maybe there is something there. Well, we can ask her when we find her” Cas answered
Castiel shouts as Dean vanishes, “NO.”
“Stop Castiel,” I said “Naomi said she didn’t know, she didn’t know” I put my arms around him and held him tight in front of everyone. This man was hurting in so many ways, hugs were mandatory.
CASTIEL
Dean turns and glances around before zeroing back on him, “Prove it.”
“I’m trying to find the words to make this come out right.”
I hesitate, “Do you want some company?
Dean plunges into Cas twice more before he paints Cas’s insides with a guttural roar, tears running down his face at Castiel's words because he not only understood them, he felt them in his very soul.
Despair at not finding her.
I knew I had gone a shade of pink and resolutely did not look behind me at Cas as I followed Sonny into the house.
Dean reached for me and kissed me senseless. “Dean” I whispered when he finally let me go.
“Well they have been translated badly, from Enochian to English. We could do with the translator here” Sam answered
After Cas and Sam leave, I turn back to Jimmy, who is wilting before my eyes. I sit back down on the bed and look him in the eyes.
Cas’s back arches and his legs spread even wider while his cock is leaking all over his stomach.
I threw myself down into a chair at Sonny’s desk feeling completely out of sorts. I felt I was drifting, and I had nothing to latch onto. I was missing Cas terribly even though he was just upstairs, missing his presence that always grounded me.
I was so happy.
Rowena snapped her fingers and the Book of the Damned appeared on the table beside her. She picked it up and flicked through the pages until she found what she was looking for’
I looked at Dean surprised. Dean rarely swore.
“Cas, I’m not going to last……….” I say gasping
I smiled over at him through my tears and said “They were always difficult people, but they did adore Brodie.”
Cas whispered into my ear, “Wait Dean, I don’t want to hurt you” and I groaned.
The seconds tick by and I'm aware that Cas and I are still staring at each other. Not that, that is unusual. For years Sammy has given me grief over our eyeballing each other.
Tilting his head with his trademark confused look on his face, Cas asks, “I don’t understand, whose side do you bat for?”
Cas snorts at me and Helen looks at him fondly, “What”.
The fair is just as good as the last one we went to. This time we leave Miracle at home to give ourselves a bit more freedom. I can’t help feeling the loss of Jimmy, but his phone call to me before we left the house, filled me with joy. His Dad was taking him to their town's fair, and he was really looking forward to it. I was happy for him. Happy his Dad was making a real effort. It was what I wanted for him, after all.
I looked over at Dean and I saw he was watching her go as well.
My first instinct is to deny it. To fob Rose off. To say she is talking nonsense. That’s what I usually do.
Jack raises one eyebrow and smiles, “Well, technically, that may be true, but for this to work, it’s the true rulers or, in this instance, the true saviours of Earth, who are the true leaders.”
Leaning back in my chair after my fill of bacon and eggs, I said “Rose, that was great thank you”.
“In a couple of months, end of April” Sonny replied
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Then the smile did go from my face “I know it’s dangerous but dammit Cas, dammit, this isn’t fair”
……………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………….
I reach across and put my hand on Cas’s shoulder, “Hey, I wasn’t just talking about you, you know. I have to, as well. I have to admit, I’m pretty nervous. What I wouldn’t give for a rugaru right about now” I said laughing ruefully.
“That would require me to move” mumbled Dean “you will just have to remain ignorant”
………………………………………………………………
“That’s for Naomi to know” Jack replied
We had shared plenty of rooms in the past, both when Cas was an Angel and mostly human. But this felt different. This wasn’t a stop off to a hunt. This was sharing a room for the foreseeable future. We talked for a while about what to expect the next day before Cas eventually said “Goodnight Dean” in that deep timbre of his.
A noise behind us had us both turning towards the front door. Standing there was Dean, who with a soft expression on his face said “Having a chick flick moment without me is so not allowed.”
CASTIEL
Sam mouth opens in awe “When did he tell you?”
“It’s ok, Jimmy. If you don’t want him to know, that’s fine, but just so you know, if anyone can understand what you went through, it’s Dean”.
I looked daggers at them to no effect.
I listened to Sonny and thought ok, that doesn’t sound so bad. Sonny had told us privately that the boys were allowed to leave the farm, but only with one of us, but Cas was heading into town alone for his first trip until we got familiar with the place, or so I thought.
Holding the shirt on either side, I pulled it up over his head, taking my time. Once I had if off, I threw it onto my bed.
“I am happy Sam. Happier than I thought I could ever be. I’m crazy about the boys, and even though it's hard navigating the shitty lives they have experienced, I really feel like I'm helping. And Cas and I have built up this support system in such a short space of time, like Helen, Rose and Sarah. And you and Eileen too, Sam” Sam turns to me in surprise at this.
Because I am not losing my best friend because I changed my mind once it went too far with us.
And I finally meet one of Cas’s admirers, Shelley, from the gardening centre. Cas’s latest shopping spree there to buy the honeysuckle and jasmine for Rose seems to have given her the impression that Cas was using that as an excuse to come back and see her, so when she sidles up to Cas, linking her arm with his, his face was enough to send Sam and Eileen in giggles. I stay back, leaving Cas to handle it whatever way he wants to.
Just as I’m locking the front door, Cas calls to say we forgot her lead, “You mean you forgot it” I call back to him and I’m rewarded with a full body roll of his eyes.
Blowing out a breath, I follow them and hope I can at least solve a math problem.
“That was some stone” Dean grumbled
“And who’s this?” Sonny asks looking behind me into the car.
I couldn't believe it, "Really, I didn't think you could so soon."
Standing up abruptly, I said, “What. Walker’s a demon?”
Sitting on the middle bed, he turns his head and greets me with the biggest gummiest smile, I have ever seen on him. My answering smile is just as wide as I cross the room and sit down beside him.
Clamping his hands over his mouth, he eyes me as I move towards him, "Oh, so that's how it is, is it. You better run Joseph."
And there they are. The words that Cas has said to me on more than one occasion including that last horrible day when we had left to challenge Death.
You will never know how much I wanted to stay, but I messed up. I’m sorry.
Averting my eyes for a minute, I catch Rose shooing the boys in from the front door to give Nicholas some bit of privacy, while Helen joins Cas and me, and we talk silently amongst ourselves.
“What? I whispered” But Siobhan………….?”
Michael nods his head enthusiastically, and I grin. “Thank you, Michael. You’ve made me feel better.”
Cas stops, and I turn to him. Cas luckily has wrapped himself in a towel before coming out. “Michael, I’m sorry, I didn’t realise you were here.”
“I’ll take first watch. You should get some rest. Jack too” I said
I was just going to ask Rose if she wants a hand with anything when I hear her sniffle.
“Jack. What is this?”
“I’m not that bad” lowering my head to get a whiff of myself. Oh boy, lots of lots of soap it is.
All too soon, it was time to leave. Hunger is the main reason, having worked off our lunch with our exertions.
Jody and I returned to the main room where there was a roaring fire burning in the fireplace. Standing in front of it was Dean, Sam and Cas close together with Dean holding both of them by the shoulder.
…………………………………………………………………………………………
Dean can see a shift in his peripheral vision, and when he looks around, he finds himself standing in the kitchen of his house.
Jimmy’s face changes from anger to disbelief as I tell him the way events unfolded at the hospital.
“Jimmy Rogers sir” he answers.
They burst into her room to find her asleep with her limbs tearing up the sheets.
“A friend” I said my heart practically jumping out of my chest.
Arael smiles before it falters, “I think I did something wrong.”
Cas raised his eyebrows at her and said “Well let me think”
So, if you don’t mind, can I just spend some time with my best friend, if you can stand it”.
And now finding out Jack was hurting from losing another woman, a kind of mother again.
Sam gives me his understanding face, “Because we haven’t seen you in days. Cas is moping around looking like he’s lost his best friend. Did you guys have a fight?”
Jimmy takes his hand and shakes it, all the while giving him the once over.
Dean and Sam can do nothing but stare at her, “I’m sorry, what” Dean manages to get out.
We all sat down, and Dean and I tucked into the food.
……………………………………………………………………………………….
“Cas, Eileen and I will stay for as long as you need us, ok. We can mind the boys, for the time being, so that you can be there for Jimmy,” Sam declares.
Jack looked up at me with an unreadable expression on his face.
I smile back at him “Yeah Cas, it felt amazing”
“Ok, ok stop you two. I need to talk to you, well no, I need to ask you both something” I said.
Picking her up, Sam climbs the stairs to their bedroom and shows her how much he loves her.
“No, he won’t. He loves you.” He hesitated “Like we all do” he said finally and then he too walked away from me.
Shaking Cas’s hands, Sonny thanks him again and then pulls me in for a hug.
I knock on Jimmy’s door and enter as soon as I hear Cas say, “Come in”.
We’re received as if we've just returned from battle back at the house, and it does feel that way. As we pull into the front yard, the front door opens, and Joseph comes barrelling down, followed by Keith and Nicholas. Sam, Eileen, Rose and Michael stay watching from the front porch.
Cas’s head appears from under the sheet, eyes squinted and sleepy. His adorable bedhead and bristly cheeks make him look so soft.
Sonny reaches out and grabs my hand a little desperately, “Dean please, let me say this. This place, this place saved me, and I think it saved you too. That’s why I don’t think I could trust the running of it to anyone but you, you understand how important this place is”.
I groaned internally. I had to use superhuman strength not to grind myself against his amazing ass. I didn’t want to move, but I had to. I didn’t want Cas to think I was a heathen that would take advantage of him while asleep.
Jack is standing beside Eileen, who's crying. She's looking at Sam who's standing with his back to me, looking like he's hunched over someone. It takes another second to realise there are arms around Sam’s back. Two arms clad in tan sleeves.
“You’re both good?” I asked “You look good. You look……….like weights have been taken off your shoulders” I finally said
“Jack go back to your bunker and tell Siobhan to come to me. If this is true about what you found, then I have information she needs to know. But I will only speak to you and her”
I could feel tears prick at the corner of my eyes and I swore there and then, I would make this the most amazing experience ever, as I answered him “Yes Cas. This is what I want. I want you. I wouldn’t have started this if I wasn’t sure”.
Jack looked over and me and said, “She’s telling the truth”.
I stare at her in horror, “Sarah, he’s not going to want us to touch him. How are we going to …………………”
“Hello Dean, I was hoping you’d find me” Cas said smiling up at me.
“Absolutely Cas, of course you can. You may be human now, but you were a former angel, and the knowledge you have would help loads of people” Sam replied before stopping, realising maybe at last what Cas had said.
Finally dressed, we made our way to the research room.
Once we were ready, I assigned each boy, “Ok, Michael, you stay beside Cas, Joseph, you're with Eileen, Nicholas, you're with Sam and Keith, you are with me, ok. You stay together and do as we say.”
And that is where we spent the next few hours. Sam and Eileen curled up on the porch swing while Cas has dragged out some of the couch cushions and we sit on those, drinking our beers and catching up.
Cas tightens his grip, pressing Dean closer to him before tipping Dean’s chin to kiss his mouth. The kiss starts lazy and sloppy before lips press together more firmly, and the kisses turn heated, and, unbelievably, Dean’s cock twitches inside Cas again.
I look over at Sam helplessly, who’s watching us with a slight smile on his face. He knows that Jimmy isn’t allowed a phone, and we don’t want to push it in case the Sheriff revokes our visitation rights, so we are playing nice.
As I entered the room, a sight filled my eyes that for a minute my brain couldn’t comprehend.
Entering the kitchen from the back porch, we find everyone gathered around the table, talking and catching up. Michael goes straight for Cas and climbs into his lap. Eileen comes straight to me for a hug. I squeeze her tight before leaning back and signing “Thank you”. When she tries to wave me off, I silence her hands before signing “Seriously, thank you” before hugging her again.
Turning to me she winks and said, “I thought I was going to have to pry Cas from her cold dead hands”.
Castiel came in and said “You better stay sitting down Dean. I have something to tell you.”
“For goodness sake, get over here,” she says, rolling her eyes at us.
Giving Joseph a mock glare he answers, “Wobbly TV’s. That’s definitely a job for Dean”.
“No” Sam all but snarls at me “We were thinking, there is still monsters in the world. And with Garth settled down with a family, there is no one to help out with the new hunters coming up. I thought we could take over, use the bunker as a training base, a refuge if they need a place to stay when passing through or when injured. We have so much lore and we have the training to make a huge difference”.
Rose comes out onto the back porch and says to us, “I’ll keep an eye on the boys. You go ahead”
Sam calls to all known hunters who worked in that area, but no one had come back, knowing anything about a demon presence in Youngsville.
We found ourselves outside my room.
After the kids are in bed, we finally get to tell Sam and Eileen what Rowena said. Sam looks stunned, but Eileen just seems puzzled, “I don’t understand; what’s a Cambion?”
I wait until I hear Cas's reply “Goodnight Dean” before closing my eyes.
And there they were. The words that Cas had said to me on more than one occasion including that last horrible day when we had left to challenge Death.
Cas’s hand rested on my thigh, “That sounds perfect. You should do it. They’ve had a rough week too, Dean”
But the thoughts of her going to Heaven when they didn’t know the situation up there was frightening him more then he could say.
“Really, cause you look like you’ve seen a ghost” Jimmy said, not looking very convinced.
I looked at my brother, the boy I had raised to become the man before me and I was so proud of what he wanted to do next, but I knew there and then, I was on a different path.
Jimmy looks down at the sheets, “I kept asking for you, but they wouldn’t ………………….”
“Jesus Christ, Cas, are you ok?” I mumble into his shoulder.
I made my way over to the car and peaked into the back seat. Siobhan was sprawled across the back seat lying on her back staring up at the ceiling.
What the Hell did he do?
Later that day, I’m sitting in the office on the phone to Helen, who’s apologising for not being able to make her appointment today. Apparently, she’s organising a counsellor for Michael, who’s going to make house calls. She feels Michael might open up more, if he’s in a safe place, then going to somebody’s office. I totally agree with her.
Our very vulnerable family.
Cas turned to me with tormented eyes, “Not them, Dean, I’m ruining things with you”.
At my raised eyebrows, he smiles shyly, “I didn’t trust myself to come out naked. I’d never leave”.
Afterwards, I tell the boys to wait an hour before heading back into the water, so they stay by the water’s edge playing with Miracle, Cas and me watching them from the blanket.
Sam’s phone buzzed, and he said quietly, “Richards is outside. Cas, it’s time to go.”
Breaking the kiss, I whisper against his mouth, “I will never get tired of hearing you moan like that. I wonder what sounds you’ll make later” and get the thrill of feeling his cock twitch under the towel.
“No Siobhan” Castiel said “From now we stick together. No separating. At least not until we get to the cabin.”
Sonny and I both stare at Cas in disbelief with Sonny quickly turning to glance at me questionably, but Cas is staring at the boy with a completely bland expression except for that million-dollar blue stare until the boy actually starts squirming “Ah no sir……no ah it wouldn’t”.
So, we told him, well we told him a PG watered down version, but Jack got the gist.
“But what? Sam asked
Watching her now as she finishes her coffee, I ask her, “Do you live out this way or do you live in the town?”
Amy looks at me curiously and says, “What is it?”. When she sees what it is, she stares at it for a few seconds before smiling, “Yes, thank you”
The question took me completely by surprise. I looked around to see if anybody was listening, but everyone was busy with other things.
Still feeling stunned, “Where?”
Falling back onto my back, I complain, “Sam has way too much energy for someone who only eats salads”, and Dean snorts his reply.
“I know. My angel strength isn’t, but destroying the Empty changed me to allow myself to be a Conduit.
The silence that follows was me trying to understand why anyone would want to visit us, especially other versions of us who didn’t exactly endear themselves to me by driving Baby. My Baby.
“How’s yours” he asked
When we got home, Jimmy went up to the spare room to read and I went to the office after that to ring Doctor Jones to ask for some advice. He told me to give Michael his space to come to terms with the news and that he would talk it over with him on Friday.
Looking up at me with spit slick lips, flushed cheeks, and blown pupils, he asks, “Do you want me to stop?”
I eventually told the doctor to leave, and I might not have been very nice with my colleagues when I complained to them about sending him in to a patient like Michael.
It said a lot that she didn’t protest and gripped me around the neck even tighter. When we got to her room, actually now our room, Cas opened the door and I laid her on the bed.
Holding out my hand I say, “No, stay”
At the sight of the Deputy, my hands ball into fists, and it takes everything in me to restrain myself from beating him bloody.
After that, he asks about his vegetable garden and how Michael really is, and I answer him honestly, “Friday night was a bit rough, but the boys have moved into the room with him. We managed to get another bed into the room. It’s a tight squeeze, but they don’t seem to mind.”
Siobhan smiled up at me and then Cas before she answered Sam “Consenting adults.”
I swallowed hard “What do you mean?”
Adam held out his hand, “Nice to meet you, Jimmy. I’m sorry about the tough time you’ve been through and about your Dad.”
Sonny looked over at Rose, “Rose here gives cooking lessons and I’ll usually give them lessons on how to look after themselves, hygiene, street smarts and sometimes a few self-defence moves. That’s basically the routine. Anything you want to add to that is fine by me. That garden is a great idea Cas, I like it”.
I could feel Jimmy’s eyes on me from the back seat as I pull out of the car park and turn the car towards Hurleyville, but I keep my eyes facing forward and keep from looking in the rear-view mirror too often.
Then I pushed him and pinned him up against the wall. Dean eyes widened as I moved my mouth towards his. Against his lips, I whispered “You will never doubt my love for you again”
Cas smiles down at me “Oh yes, I can see it now. Yes, very pretty from this view”
“Don’t destroy our home, don’t destroy us, your creations. Why do you want to do that?” I asked
Catching his breath, he says, “Sorry, Dean. We were playing, and I slipped. These were my only jeans.”
I looked back at Siobhan “I’m fine. Go do your thing.” she said
Richards smiles back at me, “No, I haven't. Thanks again. I’ll be back in the morning. You’ll be ok for tonight.”
I was feeling somewhat reassured by Dean’s words when the door to the bedroom opened and out walked Siobhan.
“Why?” I asked
I saw Dean glance at it before he did a double take.
Sam held up his hands, “I suspected. But, c’mon Dean, Cas was all about you, all the time. Saving you from Hell, averting the apocalypse, giving up an army, rebelling against Heaven. It was all for you. Of course, I wasn’t sure if he could feel love like we feel it, but he sure felt something for you.”
CASTIEL
“Jack, listen to me. You need to keep that rib on you at all times. So, you can use it when you need. But I want you to know, I hope you never do. I really do hope that, Jack” I said staring into his eyes.
He’s such a good kid. Bending down to meet his eyes, I said, “Those boys are your friends Nicholas, so they will be happy for you, and when you leave, I’ll give you our numbers so you can keep in contact if you like.”
How I didn’t dissolve into a puddle of goo at his words, I don’t know, all I know is I can’t help the smile on my face and Cas’s answering smile is beautiful before we start laughing like idjits.
I speak up then, “Helen should we put him in with one of the boys or give him a room on his own?”
At my questioning look, Siobhan continued “Cas, if the armies attack Chuck here in the bunker, it could bring the whole place down on us. We can’t be here.”
Rose’s eyes widen comically, “Are you serious? I thought you were trying to be discreet but failing miserably. You only got together Saturday night????
I walked over to him as he was finishing up a sigils on the wall above the fireplace. I placed a hand on his shoulder and said his name.
“I know that Dean” Sonny said as he squeezed me tight before pulling away. He bent down to blow kisses at Miracle before climbing into his car. With a beep of the horn and a wave, Sonny was gone.
There’s silence after this declaration, and I seek out Cas again, who’s gazing softly at Joseph with big blue eyes, before smiling at me.
I can feel my face getting warm before I said, “Obviously, I pay attention some of the time. Especially when you talk about bees.”
“Dean that feels wonderful, don’t stop, please don’t stop” Cas breathed jerkily.
I found myself in the center of a hurricane. The sound of angels and demons bombarding Chuck was deafening. The winds were a vortex that I could barely stay upright in. If it wasn’t for Naomi holding me in place, I would never have managed it. I reached out both my arms, but I still couldn’t reach them. Chuck at first didn’t seem to realize I was there, but when he did, his expression was terrible. I was staring into the face of a wrathful God and it was terrifying. Every instinct I had was screaming at me to get far far away, but that was never an option.
I was lying on top of Siobhan, trying to catch my breath, grateful beyond words for this woman. This woman who waited till I worked out my anger and my gut-wrenching fear on the car. Then she held me for the longest time, before we lost ourselves in each other.
Cas’s cock was long and thick, nestled in dark hair. I wrapped my hand around and stroked it slowly, taking my time in this new sexual experience.
Dean and I raise our glasses back, Dean says. “It was our pleasure.”
I feel a bit bad though that Sam’s happiness only highlights what's missing in my life. I miss Jack and I miss Cas; I miss my best friend.
Dean looked so lost when he heard the prophecy that Castiel felt helpless.
The sound of Rose’s truck returning pulled me out of my musings. I walked around to the front of the house to see Rose and Cas unpacking what looked like half of the gardening centre from the bed of the truck.
“Well, I’m human now, so I will need the change of clothes, but I also want the boys in our charge to be comfortable with me. If I dress more like them, I think it will put them at ease more, or at least that is what my research told me”.
Cas winked at me and said, “It was slow good though”
It made me happy. I’m afraid that I’m still getting use to emotions and how strong they can hit me. Before when I was almost human, I always had a small bit of grace, enough for me to manage, a buffer if you will, but now………”
I didn’t have long to wait. Later that evening, I'm cooking dinner, when Cas enters the kitchen at a fair clip.
“Naomi will be here soon Dean” I replied
I walked over to the window breathing hard and stood there with my back to them.
Keith likes the wands and the magic.
Joseph got all that out in five seconds that had me hanging onto both Cas and Jimmy from laughing. Poor Sam looked dazed but recovered quickly, laughing. “Joseph, Joseph, hold on. Let me answer. I am so glad you enjoyed the book and can’t wait to start the new one. I am well, and so is Eileen. She’s not here at the moment, sorry about that. She’ll be disappointed to have missed you. So how did your first Book Club meeting go?
When Sam tells us later what he means by ``covered”, Dean looks at him in disbelief, “Are you crazy?.”
“Woah woah woah, where’s the fire” calls Sonny.
She was so tiny that she was nearly lost in Dean’s arms
“No none of that” I began waving a hand in front of him.
Cas smile was all the reward I needed. He leaned forward and rested his forehead against mine and it was like this, with our hands joined that Sarah found us.
We both looked at her stunned and then I asked, “How much?”
Looking at him, we could hear the sounds of the boys getting up and moving around.
It was screaming, the Entity was screaming, it then seemed to collapse in on itself and then it was gone
I hesitate, wracking my brain before I snort out, “Gordon Walker, my god, I haven't thought about him in years. It was before your time, Cas. Crazy ass hunter turned into an even crazier ass vampire. Sam killed him over 13 years ago. What's he got to do with this?”
After the plates are licked clean (literally in my case), we have a visitor. Sheriff Wade.
“Believe me, I understand, but now we are together and it’s time to let us take care of you. So, first things first, food,” Dean said
Miracle followed us sniffing out every corner of the place. Sonny told us that there were usually no more than six boys at any given time but in an emergency, he could take up to four more but that rarely happens. He had only one staff. A woman named Rose who handled the cooking and the cleaning.
After parking side by side, I climb out and remove a bag from the trunk before we meet in a huddle in between the car and truck.
Cas shouts up exasperated, “Dean for goodness sake, the dinner will be cold by the time you answer the door”
Cas moved beside Siobhan and he put his hand on the forehead. But like Jack nothing happened.
I was about to ask if he needed anything when I heard a voice on Jimmy’s side calling him.
“Tell me about it” Sam said
Cas laughs until I continue, and then his face gets stony. When I get to the point of him mistaking us as being partners, Cas interrupts again.
Warded is what Rowena means, but I'm not taking the chance of removing some wards for Rowena to enter. Not when there is a rogue demon out there, gunning for Dean, Sam and me.
…………………………………………………………………………………………
It's Cas doing his standard quotation marks that has me laughing softly.
Clenching my teeth, I growl, “No but you could have text me to let me know you were alright”
So that’s it. I have all my ducks in a row. I’ve prepared everyone the best way I could.
I got sunscreen, I have towels, blankets, I got a football to kick around, I got fins and if you are not a strong swimmer, you will wear them and I also bribed Rose into making us up a fabulous lunch which is in the trunk.
What she wouldn’t give for a bath, a hot meal that wasn’t fries and burgers and a large glass of wine and not necessarily in that order.
My mind, full of memories of the past mumble, “I will. See you Friday” watching as she climbs into the car and drives away.
“Oh boy” said Rowena “You two can’t be too far apart from each other, can you?”
Well, that's good but also not so good, because if I ever do come clean with Cas, I will have to use actual words and not actions.
Castiel sat up and turned his back to me and said “It looked like the future, an impossible future” he growled
“Ok so where do I find this elephant” he asked
Oh crap, and here comes the headache. He hates time travel.
There was a field behind the house that encroached onto a wooded area.  I could see boys in the distance, hanging clothes on a clothesline, and another chopping wood. Cas came to stand beside me and followed my gaze. He turned to me with a small smile on his face. His reaction took a weight off my chest that I hadn’t realised was weighing on me. This wasn’t just a brand-new experience for me, it was brand new for Cas. And I was never so pleased to have him by my side.
As I kneel beside the bed, Michael meets my eyes. I silently try to convey that it’s ok as I rub his hair away from his forehead.
Dean watches as his brother climbs to his feet, hidden behind a fallen tree trunk.
Sam pulls out his phone and dials Rowena. While Sam waits for Rowena to answer, I go from window to window, checking all sides of the house.
Of course, Sammy was right, it would be the right thing to do by Cas, but what if…………….
Cas answers him, “Yes, of course, we believe you. We have seen some unusual things on our travels, Michael. You are not alone in this, and we will get to the bottom of it, ok?”
In the kitchen, I danced Rose around the room even managing a coordinated dip.
“You have no idea” muttered Dean and I glared at him again and then nodded at Sam.
Huffing a laugh, I told him about my epiphany when I realised how I felt about Cas and that Jimmy thought I had seen a ghost. Shaking my head, I said, “I was so shocked, but I still didn’t do anything about it.”
Jimmy doesn’t respond. He’s breathing hard as if he’s trying to get himself under control. I understand that feeling. I say nothing more, I just sit and wait.
“Jimmy, Cas and I are the same people you have known for the last couple of months. We just had different jobs. Please, Jimmy, tell us what happened. We’ll make sure whoever did this to you pays and never hurts anyone else again.”
I walked Jack to his room and embraced him outside the door.
Sitting across from them at the kitchen table, I know he's probably hoping I will change my mind and now I'm waiting for the rash of counterarguments he'll come up with.
While Cas looks at me in amazement,  I think in for a penny, “I um, kind of confirmed that we were, in front of him and Robin and I know I shouldn’t have without your permission, but he was such an asshole to the kids and now it’s probably all over town and you’ll lose all you admirers and I’m sorry about that and I’m also sorry…………………..”
I turned and Dean was standing in the doorway with a bottle of beer in his hand.
Sammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Cas hasn’t broken eye contact. Of course, we're the champions of eye contact but this time the words accompanying it, stir something in me.
A million different expressions cross over Dean’s face as he absorbs what Sam has told him. He finally clears his throat before asking, “What age are you?”
“DEAN”
I looked at Castiel and Jack and then I looked at Sam. I couldn’t bear to lose any of them. Then the realization hit me then was that I was useless, we all were. This fight was Siobhan’s and all we could do was wait.
The question throws me a little bit because for the first time I think I answer honestly about my feelings for Cas, “I don’t know”.
Cas nodded his head “Good, I’ll head into town tomorrow and get some seeds and utensils to get us started”.
“Castiel, you are my best friend, you have been there over and beyond for me and Sam these last 11 years. I couldn’t imagine the time without you and I never want you to stop being my best friend but our time now could be finite, we might not survive the next hour, never mind the coming months, and Lord knows how many regrets I have but I don’t want you to be one of them”
And when Cas was returned to me, he wore his feelings for me proudly and didn’t try to hide them, even though he thought they weren’t reciprocated. That’s how proud he was to love me. My heart swelled just thinking about it.
And like me, Jimmy will make the decision to go home. I understood it. But I also realise now how hard it was for Sonny to watch me walk out his door.
I laugh then, “He just wants to return the favour. To look after Jimmy, the way Jimmy has looked after him. So first, we have to get Jimmy better, then we get him home, so Michael and Rose can mother him to death.”
Grinning at Nick before looking back down at Joseph who’s still wrapped around me, I said, “Yes, Robin told me about it last week. I meant to tell you, but it went completely out of my mind over the last few days. And I hope it will make up for not getting back to that carnival we passed a few weeks past”
After informing the boys that Helen wasn’t coming, they run outside, delighted with their unexpected afternoon of freedom.
I stood up too. My hands were shaking.
“I think in this instance, and in these circumstances, you could leave it up to Michael himself” Helen says, and I nod my head at her.
Cas pulls his leg up on the bed mimicking me, so we're face to face, “I don’t care. I’ll go with you, Dean”.
“Did you hear something?”
After dinner, I leave Cas in the kitchen with the younger boys to clean up and Jimmy and I go up to his room to dress one of the beds in his room. Not knowing which bed, Michael will pick, we end up dressing both spare beds in Jimmy’s room and one of the beds in the extra room.
“Because” I said “He can get me there in the blink of an eye. The sooner we know if she’s on the level the better and also Jack can protect me if anything goes wrong.”
While Sam is talking, I can feel my mouth falling open at what he’s saying and I can feel my face getting hot again, but he’s not wrong about any of it and especially the last bit. Now that Cas and I are together it's so easy. It's surprisingly so. Day to day with him, it's easy and safe. In our bedroom, it can be erotic and dirty or soft and relaxed. But it's always easy.
Jimmy looked puzzled “You mean like flowers?
Dean and I look at each other before I respond, “We need to talk to Michael about this, Rowena, but thank you for everything.”
Sam studies Dean for a few moments, “You really didn’t know how he felt about you?”
Arael takes off the clothes she’s wearing and dresses in the black garment. It takes a while to figure out how to get into it until she asks the vessel owner for help.
Armed with about ten bottles of lube, I thank god (sorry Jack) for self-service checkouts that will spare my blushes.
I looked at Cas and his face stopped me cold “Cas what is it?
Jack leans in, and Castiel can feel Jack’s power flowing through him, “Cas, concentrate. Find Dean. Concentrate on him. You will find him. You always do.”
Cas looks at me with that crooked smile of his, “This was a choice, Dean. My choice. I have been rebelling against Heaven since the day I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition”.
Rubbing the back of my neck, I huff, “No, well maybe, I mean I just wasn’t sure it would be appropriate, and I don’t want to overstep. I just wanted to check if it was ok”.
Nudging his shoulder, I laugh, “I know what you mean, but you got us on a good weekend.”
I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t think. I couldn’t speak. The pain was like nothing I had felt before. Dean’s face mirrored everything I was feeling, the tears falling silently down his face.
The drive home is quiet, with only a brief stop to pick up a new phone for Jimmy. Both Cas and I are lost in our thoughts. As we get closer to the farm, Cas breaks the silence.
“Sam??”
“I know” said Cas “Let’s go home Dean. We can come up with a plan to find her there”
Cas slumped against the wall rubbing his face with his two hands. He smiled tiredly at me, “I told Michael I would stay with him for another while. I can rest on the middle bed. I’m ok Dean, really. I just……………..I just need to be here for him”
Our eyes locked as I watched as Cas’s tongue licked at the top of my cock, before enveloping the head completely. My head fell back as I groaned into the pillow.
His face crumpled as he said, “He won’t talk to me”.
Beaming over at Cas to find him returning the favour, I practically gush at my brother, “Sam that sounds great. Best news all week. It’ll be great to see you both and I can’t wait to introduce you to the boys”.
Catching his attention, he comes over to me, and I tell him, “Sonny is on the phone in the office”.
Alt Dean starts laughing and Cas and I are left staring at each other in confusion before I roll my eyes.
Cas also stands and hisses at me, “Dean, please keep it down. Jimmy needs his rest. Look, Rowena brought Sam and me up to speed on this Walker guy and what happened after Jack whammied everyone back. Rowena had Hell under control. She doled out the work, and whoever did the best job got the best work. Walker was one of them who endeared himself to Rowena into getting more and more lucrative jobs in Hell. He did such a good job; she made him a crossroads demon.”
Sam holds up his hand, “Hold on, you gave him guitar lessons?”
Dean sees stars and feels he could come just from Cas’s lips and tongue on his nipples alone.
The sound of Rose’s truck returning pulled me out of my musings. I walked around to the front of the house to see Rose and Cas unpacking what looked like half of the gardening centre from the bed of the truck.
I could hear someone shouting, but I didn’t care. I didn’t care about anything but Dean and Siobhan.
Arael nods her head warily.
He's saved from a punch to the face, by the bunker door opening and Eileen calling “We’re back”.
I never thought I would feel that way for another person, not like I felt for Dean but as it turns out, she not just turned my world upside down but Dean’s too and through her we found each other.
Cas jerks off the bed groaning incoherently. Looking up at him, seeing him in a wrecked and frazzled state, I can’t believe its me that has the privilege to love this angel and pleasure him like this. In all the eons and in all of humanity, he chose me.
Castiel was trying to contact both Naomi and Rowena to see if there was a way around the shielding that was stopping us from healing Siobhan instantly.
They both hadn’t noticed the door of the cabin opening and a woman walking out onto the porch.
I'm not sure I can go back to more of the same. I don’t think after everything we have gone through; I can go back to killing vampires and werewolves and the like.
Cas whispers in my ear as we embrace tightly, “I am so happy for him Dean” and I nod my reply, my throat too tight to speak.
Now with the girls back at the cabin and this trip to Heaven, it hadn’t happened.
After the most uncomfortable meal ever (I wasn’t even sure I ate anything) we left Eileen and Sam to clean up.
“An honest to goodness home-cooked meal. I can’t remember the last time I had one. But you didn’t have to go to all that trouble.”
“Yes. If I can share their mind like I shared yours, then yes, I can” he replied
Looking at Cas in shock, I blurt out, “What, you don't think he would hurt Michael?”
CASTIEL
The campus is pretty empty, just a few stragglers running to and from classes. The breeze is cool, and there is a distinct smell of Fall in the air.
I looked at her and said “You have to let Jack in”
Pouring myself a coffee, I said, “Yeah, why do you ask?”
Soon the talk turns to the boys with Sam declaring he’ll have to check Eileen’s bag for Joseph when they leave because Eileen might try to smuggle him home. We all laugh when Eileen said “He’s not wrong. He’s adorable”.
The next hour passed quietly.  I don’t speak much and neither does he. Sometimes you don’t want to talk, but it's enough that there's someone there if you need to.
After seeing her off, I go to climb back up on the porch to find Cas, but he’s already coming towards me.
Getting back on track, I said, “Anyway what I was saying is I think they like getting caught. I think they like the thrill. Never knew Sam was into that kind of thing but there you go”
“Phones busy?” he asked.
At Sam’s puzzled look, I said grinning, “It’s a surprise”
Then we all laughed and for now everything was ok.
My head shoots up to look at her—those words. So similar to the words Cas spoke that horrible day over six months ago, shake me.
Sam, Jack, Cas, Siobhan and I had dinner in the kitchen. It was a quiet affair. The journey tomorrow was foremost in our minds, that we were heading into the end game. We stayed together for as long as we could before we tried to get some sleep as we had a long day ahead of us tomorrow.
“Let me guess Sam, little house on the prairie, white picket fence, couple of rug rats and the two of you sickeningly happy. Am I close?” I asked as cheerfully as I could, wiggling my fingers at the two of them, though the feeling of loneliness hit me like a freight train.
“Are you sure?” I said
It’s an awareness that I have learned not to ignore.
“Jack Kline listen to me”, I put my hands on either side of his face,
Finally, Dean asks, “Is Cas involved in this mission?”
“Any for us?” I called
Sam then made a disgusted sound and turned to Jack and said “They are going to be impossible to live with”
Castiel was in his room in the bunker. Dean and Sam had insisted some time ago that he take a room to relax in while they were sleeping. The room had a bed that he used when he was reading or working on the laptop.
The two men have the grace to look chastised before Sam says, “Sorry, but we kind of raised Jack, so it’s like you're our……..you know…………………….granddaughter.”
The boys run down laughing and jump in. Moving around to the driver’s side, I whistle and moments later, Miracle comes flying around from the back of the house and jumps into the front seat. Laughing, Cas climbs in after her.
I just stared at him and then said “If you are waiting for a rebuke from me, you’ll be waiting a long time”
Inhaling sharply, I place a kiss on the top of his head, as I try to breathe around the lump in my throat.
“Six months” I replied.
I jumped out of bed, pulled on a pair of sweats and ran down to the second floor. I peeked in at the boys, but they were fast asleep. All good there.
Dean jerks his head in that familiar way that says, “fine, do what you have to.”
Naomi was alive as long as Castiel, so the memories and knowledge were extensive to say the least.
What Rowena said is true, I was feeling shaky. What was, that all about?
“How is he?” Cas asks.
Sam smiles, not blaming him in the least. At this time in Dean’s life, the most he had to deal with was vampires, werewolves, witches and maybe a Djinn or two. Coming face to face with your younger brother, who looks middle-aged, would probably take a minute or two to compute.
Jody and Donna both jump when Sam disappears.
Sitting across from them at the kitchen table, I know he was probably hoping I would change my mind and now I was waiting for the rash of counter arguments he would come up with.
Cas and I eventually left the T.V. room to find the others and we found them in the kitchen, drinking beer and eating the popcorn I had made.
That evening and the next couple of days are some of the best and relaxed times I've spent with Sam and Eileen. I love watching their interactions with the kids, having the banter with Rose and even teasing Cas and me on how smitten we are with each other.
“Dean, leave it with me. I’m going to try and get someone to call out to the house. I promise I will call the minute I know something.”
None of them needed to be told twice as they take off sprinting back towards the house, Miracle barking at their heels, leaving the four adults laughing after them.
Cas reaches out for my hand and squeezes it as Sam's voice reassures me, "I will Dean I promise. Can't wait to see you guys".
The look in his eyes tears me apart. He looks so lost, so spent, as if the fire that’s keeping him upright is gone.
After we have the boys in bed, Cas and I settle on the couch to watch a documentary on whales, and I end up asleep on his chest.
Jack beamed at me and then said all serious “Can we wear matching ties?”
I just had time to a give a quick smile to Dean and Cas when Naomi put her hand on my shoulder.
Siobhan stands at the counter in the café trying to get her breathing under control. “What the holy crap was that” she was asking herself. That man had the bluest eyes and the kindest face she ever did see.
“I don’t understand” I said to Cas. “She drove the Porsche all the way to Dodge City but ends up in Harrisonville 50 miles away.”
Dean silences him with another kiss, “Hell yeah, Cas.”
Cas gives me a look that speaks volumes, “Dean, her father was a very devout religious man, and even though he was misguided, he did not believe in homosexuality, and he passed that down to Claire.”
Rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands he slumped a bit before answering, “Yeah, that was the first symptom. I’d be tipping along nicely and all of sudden I’d feel like I needed a nap”.
“She did it Dean” Sam whispered quietly “We now have two armies to help in our fight against God, well maybe two if Rowena can pull it off.”
“I know Dean” I replied
I heard Dean’s intake of breath and copied it. Siobhan was a vision.
Up in my room, I pull the curtains close and strip down to my t-shirt and boxers before climbing into the bed. I grab Cas’s pillow and stick my nose into it before closing my eyes. Cas’s scent grounds me just like his touch does.
I raise my eyebrows at him and said “You do know what a surprise is Cas, don’t you? You don’t find out the surprise until it’s time to reveal it”
Before I can second guess myself, I lean over Cas, who stares wide-eyed up at me with those beautiful blue eyes, and when I'm a couple of inches from his face I said “That’s exactly what I mean”.
Dean leaned forward, keening lowly, “Cas, they handled his physical injuries, he had lost a lot of blood, but he’d regained consciousness by Saturday afternoon when he asked for us. You and me. But the police officer in charge had told the staff he was a prisoner and was not to be engaged with.”
Siobhan held up her hands and said “Sam, I’m fine. It’s just I found something out and its good and its bad, but you will need to make that determination for yourself but first Castiel has to tell you something.”
Jimmy smiles tentatively at me.
“And the Angel part?” I asked quietly
My mind is racing thinking about Jimmy when I feel a hand on mine. Glancing up, Dean is stretched across the bed, “Hey, where are you?”
“Jack” I whispered, but he didn’t acknowledge me. He was looking down at Siobhan.
“C’mon, bed” I said holding out my hand to pull Cas up.
All eyes turn to Nicholas, as Keith whispers, “So do I”.
“Well you did tear the board in half” said Jack placidly
Feeling my face getting hot, I huff a laugh, “So that wasn’t my imagination?”
“D-Dawg?” Cas asks with that endearing head tilt and I laughed.
Holding back a smile, I’m secretly thinking, good for you Jimmy.
An hour later finds me in the office going over the forms that Sonny had shown us. I want to be as familiar as I can in case another boy is sent to us, which is a real possibility. The farm can take up to six boys comfortably and we have only four at the moment.
Sucking him once more before releasing him, I kneel over him and gaze down into his eyes. “I can continue, or I can do what you wanted to do”.
Cas pushes again and this time he keeps pushing until he’s fully in. We both take a moment, Cas’s lips against mine.
I keep sucking gently until he had softened, before climbing back up to pull him into my arms.
Unfortunately, the world is full of ass… amm I mean not nice people” Cas rolls his eyes at my faux pas and even Michael smiles a bit so I keep going, “But while you are with us, we will try to keep you safe. Ms Mason is organising someone for you to talk to, to help you get stronger. But they will come here to you, so you can be close to us. Is that ok with you?”
I jumped out of my bed and climbed into Cas’s.
We turned around and standing in the doorway next to Sam, was Rowena.
I smile thinking of the chessboard in the bunker. “I only learned myself in the last few years. My brother Sam taught me. I’m not very good either but I’d be up for a game if you are”
I look around the room. The ceiling and walls are cherry wood, tongue and grooved in style. A wardrobe, chest of drawers and two lockers beside each bed made up the furniture in the room. Another door reveals an en-suite bathroom with an electric power shower. Sonny laughs when I see it and he admits it's his one bit of luxury that he indulges himself in here. But he deserves it and I tell him so.
I grin down at him, “Sonny came into my life when I really needed him. I loved being there so much that I could see myself staying there with Sonny, and I wanted to, I really did. I could see myself going to school, competing on the wrestling team and I would have stayed if it wasn’t for Sammy. I couldn’t leave him alone. He was my responsibility”.
“Really?” I said
The small smile he sends my way is better than defeating any rugaru.
A shining brilliant light encased us and before it had dimmed, I felt movement in my arms.
Cas continues, signing for Eileen’s benefit, “We didn’t mean to interrupt but, I agree with Dean. You have been an incredible brother and a staunch friend Sam. I hope you know that. Dean and I appreciate all the help you have given, you and Eileen both, and not just since the trouble began. But from the very start. We wouldn’t have come this far without you both.”
After that I take a walk around the property. Surrounded by fields on three sides, there's a wooded area to the rear of the property that Sonny tells me has hiking trails. Halfway between the house and the woods is a big barn. I walk over to have a look around and see it looks the exact same as when I was here 6 years ago. Plenty of storage space for whatever Cas picked up at the gardening store.
Then he hugs Cas tightly before hugging me. I was so happy for him. Nicholas was such a good kid who adored his mother. I had more hope that this would work out for him than I did Jimmy, and this time, I wasn’t taking any chances when their safety was concerned.
“Yes, there look, Siobhan, Siobhan can you hear me?” Cas was calling to me
“You don’t have to do this, Jack” Cas said. “Neither of you do” Cas continued, looking over at me
“Or do you??
After a shower and some breakfast, I was feeling a little bit more myself. I was excited to meet Naomi and find out what she knew but I was also itching to spend more time with Dean and Cas.
Sam and I even thought he was dead at one stage around seven years ago and when we found him, even though I was so mad at him, I felt better inside because he was back with us.
Cas and I sat down to eat the breakfast that Rose had made. Breakfast was a quiet enough affair, with the boys giving Cas and I some side eye looks.
“Dean stop” I said. I looked over at Rowena and she smiled and nodded her head.
I knew Dean didn’t like it, but I was relieved he agreed with me. If any of the angels told Chuck our plan, we were screwed. And one of the things that could screw us up was if Jack and I got separated from each other. Hopefully, I had just sorted that problem.
“You’re Lucifer’s son” one of the angels called out “A Nephilim”
I barely hesitate, “Fuck me Cas. I need to feel you inside me”
He shrugs,  “Will he be ok?”, he asks looking back up the stairs.
I felt Cas shudder in my arms, that I knew was from tiredness. Bone tiredness that never left you rest.
Rose rolls her eyes at Eileen, “It's a miracle you survived”
Jimmy pulls back, shaking his head, “No, Dean, you didn’t do anything wrong. You have been great. You and Cas. Both of you. You treat me like………………………………. Well, you talk to me about stuff, and you never treat me like……………………. like I’m in the way, or my opinion doesn’t matter. And you’ve been so generous, and I did that this morning. I threw it all back in your face. I’m so sorry.”
I turn to look at him in dismay, “Jimmy, no, I’m sorry. No, it wasn’t about Sonny. Actually, Cas and I were going to talk to you after dinner but now is as good a time as ever. We have a new boy coming tomorrow. His name is Michael and he’s eight years old”.
I heard everything Dean was saying, and damn the man made a lot of sense.
I looked over at him “Lying about what?
At nine, we herd them to bed, with no trouble, as another afternoon of fun has wiped them out.
“Dean I feel bad taking the book when I won’t be here”
Miracle is jumping and barking all around us until both Sam and Eileen show her some love.
Standing on the sidewalk, I consider what to do before heading for the Impala. Gunning the engine, I head out of town in the opposite direction from home.
Rose smiles at me, “Dean you’re doing great, both you and Cas. Relax. There will be enough times when this job will tie you up in knots. Don’t stress out the small stuff ok”.
“I know” she replied. “I don’t care. I can smell it on me. The Entity. What I did. I just need to feel clean. Please Dean, Cas?”
“For this. For taking a chance on this. On me and Cas” he replied
We all armed ourselves with knives and guns and Sam and I climbed the stairs with Cas and Jack waiting down below.
“Look at you, you speak Irish” then she stuck her tongue out at me and walked out the door beaming with Sam and Jack falling on the floor laughing.
Cas and I return to the blanket. Sam and Eileen are down by the waterside with the boys as we throw ourselves down.
“Jerk” I manage to get out before he hangs up.
This continues for several minutes and I'm so lost in the sensation, that it's a while before I realise that maybe this isn’t about putting sunscreen on me anymore.
Rose snorts and pointing her fork at me, she grins, “I’ll hold you to that”.
Holding my hand out, “He’ll ring tomorrow, or you’ll ring him, and you can talk then.”
“Hey Travis, is it ok for Michael to say goodbye to Jimmy before you start your session.”
“That’s 300 miles away” I said, “What the hell?”
Standing with my hands on my hips, I said, “What?? I have what one, two, three, FOUR nights tucking in to make for”, and the boys giggle at my antics.
“Hi Dean”
“Then it’s my turn” I said I bent down to pick up Siobhan. She protested saying she could walk fine.
A movement at the corner of my eye alerted me to Jack coming into the room.
But it's his eyes that floor me.
“Jack, is there another way to get to Hell?”
I then put my hands on his head and his shape turned into Castiel
Nicholas whose dark skin can take a bit of sun, giggles when he looks at Keith. “You look like Rudolf”
“Damn Naomi to the pits of hell” I growled “I thought she was starting to show a bit of humanity, but no, just more of the same”
Cas and I sit down to eat the breakfast that Rose has made. Breakfast is a quiet enough affair, with the boys giving Cas and I some side-eye looks.
“Us” I said
Instead, I fall back over onto my back, releasing us both.
As soon as he opens the door, we are reaching for each other. We kiss like we haven’t seen each other in years, not mere minutes. Pinning him up against the tiles, I devour his mouth and run my hands all over his body.
Pressing the call button, and then the speaker button, the phone rang once before being picked up.
Damn thing tastes better than she can sing if you can believe it.
Closing the kitchen door, Cas walks up to me and places his hands on my face. Wearing my smile, he says, “Dean, I rescued you from Hell and I fell in love with your soul right there and then, I didn't recognize the emotion for what it was until later, I just knew I rejoiced in your presence. Since then it has not been smooth sailing for us but even when we were fighting, I still felt safe and content in your presence. The same is true for now. I will face every bigot on this planet happily as long as you are there beside me. Nothing will change my mind”
I look in the rear-view mirror at Jimmy, “Are you sure?”
Siobhan jerked up into the air. Her body bent backwards at an uncomfortable angle. The scream that wrenched the air was piercing.
“Sam, yes I remember. Good to see you again and you too, Eileen welcome” Robin replies
“Then may I make a suggestion. You and Cas will be living together for the next six months, working side by side. No monsters, no apocalypses. Take that time to see how you really feel and if you can’t return his feelings then, you’ll know what to do, and if you do return his feelings well then, I’m sure you know what to do there as well “Sammy said with a smirk on his face.
The Sheriff purses his lips amused at that, “It was my wife’s idea. Seemed fair at the time. She did all the hard work, so she should name her son anything she wants”
The anger that's simmering a low boil inside of me all evening, wants nothing but to burst forth, but I don’t have my usual crutches to help me handle it.
With a sigh, I sent the last text. Throwing the phone on the bed, I feel a hand rub up and down my back.
All four of us stared up towards the door.
Sam has now gone into what Dean calls “his puppy dog look” territory. It is remarkably effective because Dean throws his hands in the air again.
Another thing that happened was we finally got to meet the famous Jackie and have a double date. We set it for the Thursday night after Sam left. The boys had their dinner a bit earlier than usual before taking off out the back door to enjoy the warm evening. Taking this seriously for the date it was, and it was me and Cas’s first official date, I made a quick run into town.
“Okaaaaay” said Dean. “That would be a bit screwy alright but Cas I’m still not following, What’s the solution???”
“You can’t see it, Dean, can’t see the differences in him, that I can. You changed him, Dean.”
Robin winks saucily and says, “You bet” and I roll my eyes at her.
I turn to see the stunned look on Cas’s face looking back at me, before I pull him into a hug. Over his shoulder I see Jimmy looking at us with a small smile on his face before he dives back into the water, and standing by the water, embracing my friend, I thank Jack again.
Wiping my hands, I stand and take my phone out of my pocket. Pulling up the text thread with Sam, I type out a quick message, “Hello Sam. Jimmy went home today. I think Dean could do with hearing your voice later.”
Siobhan was unconscious, her clothes were torn to shreds so we could see her injuries.
Running back down the hall to Sam’s panting, “Sorry Dean '' and Eileen’s giggles, I meet Cas halfway, coming towards me.
“Siobhan you will be transformed at the subatomic level to become a Conduit for the transfer of power. I don’t know what the risks will be to you. Channelling the power of God, letting it flow through you, that’s……….that’s”
When we enter the house, Jimmy is standing at the bottom of the stairs looking up. He turns to me but before he can say anything, I grip his shoulder and say, “Give us a minute”.
The two women release him, sheepishly grinning up at him before Donna says, “Right of course. The Entity”
I swallowed past the lump in my throat and answered “I’m great, better than great actually. Pain is gone but I don’t feel as strong as I did”
Cas searches my face, “She understands Dean. She’s in with Joseph now but she’s seen everyone else”.
I busy myself with setting the table when Rose runs into the kitchen, “Dean, Jackie’s on the phone. It’s about Jimmy”
Tilting my head, I said, “They seem to be, but I thought, Michael here could do with some fresh air. What do you think Michael, would you like the watch the boys, as we teach them?”
Hands on hips she asks, “So you told them they are going to the fair, I take it”
I caught his eye and said, “Let me get a cloth from the bathroom, Jimmy”, but Jimmy sits up, fear bracketing his face, grabbing at my arm.
The resulting laughs from the truck carry over to my car and it’s on this note that we head into the town of Hurleyville.
“We find out if she’s lying her ass off” Rowena said with steel in her voice.
Michael is in the corner of the room, sitting on the ground, between the wardrobe and the locker, knees to chest, muttering under his breath. Cas is on his knees, a bit away from Michael murmuring to him, “I’m here Michael, you’re safe”.
We entered the bunker together and found Sam sitting at the map table with his laptop opened in front of him. Jack wandered in at that moment eating a sandwich (that kid was always eating) and we asked them both if they had seen Siobhan.
Grabbing the other plate, Cas holds out; I say, “I don’t know about Jimmy, but I am starving. I can easily eat his as well if he’s not hungry.”
The rest of the afternoon was spent putting away the supplies in the shed behind the house. Cas had bought not just seeds, but shovels, hoe’s, a rake, even a bloody wheelbarrow. The boys helped put the stuff away and they were excitedly discussing what they would plant tomorrow.
…………………………………………………………………………………………
I clear my throat, “You ok Cas, I’m just taking off your shoes”.
CASTIEL
………………………………………………………………………………………
I looked over towards Cas’s bed and I could just make out his outline in the dark. Lying with his back to me, I recognized the sounds for what they were.
I stare at her stunned, “Until the next time”.
“Dean she’s alive, look she’s alive” I cried
As I make my way down to the kitchen, I look at my watch and see that Michael’s hour with Travis is nearly up. I hoped it was going well, but I dreaded how he would be when he came out.
It was time.
“Of course, Dean, take your time”, Cas replies just as Jimmy comes bounding down the steps.
Jimmy lowers his eyes, and he looks ashamed, “After the black smoke was gone, I……..I…….I tried to run but I was bleeding, and I kept falling. I didn’t even check to see if my Dad was alright. I remember stumbling out the front door of our house and falling in the garden. The next thing I knew, I woke up here. I left him………………..my Dad, I left him, Dean I left him………….” Jimmy broke down in sobs again, and this time I didn’t hesitate. I was up and, on his bed, pulling him into my arms. I held this poor frightened heartbroken boy as he cried for a man who might have finally got his life together for his son, before being brutally taken from him.
What this man did for me as a teenager, he could ask for the moon and I would die trying to give it to him.
He stares at his father for a long moment before he huffs out a “This isn’t over” and a cold stare at Cas before he leaves.
Jimmy stirred in the bed beside us and I stood up to go. Leaning over Cas, I whispered, “Come down for breakfast ok. The boys miss you and so do I”
Dean realises Jack is waiting for him.
Rubbing the heels of my hands in my eyes, I fight to get myself under control. All I can see is Michael on the ground chanting and Cas’s desperation.
I know he’s worried about Michael; I can see it in his face, but I can only concentrate on one thing at a time.
At her dismayed face I try to cheer her up, “Now I really really want to meet Jackie. Maybe we could try for next week”.
Dean turns to me questionably, and I nod, “Rowena, Michaels mother was abusive from birth, kept him isolated. The reason he ended up with us is because ………………...because”
The first room had bookshelves full of books, old and new looking, with a table and chairs in the centre then steps leading down into a room with a table with a map of the world on it lit from beneath.
“That would be Siobhan” said Sam returning with a tray of drinks like we were at some dinner party.
“Thank you, brothers and sisters. I know what we ask is no small thing, but it needs to be done if we are to survive” Siobhan told them.
His name spoken with reverence has him abandoning his eavesdropping. Spinning around, the most beautiful sight greets him, “CAS.”
Glancing up at one stage I catch Cas staring at me over the book he's reading in the corner of the room. He smiles and blushes slightly when I catch his eye, but I only see approval there. It pleases me more than I can say.
“Does that really help?” I ask
I can practically hear Sam beaming down the phone at me, the sap, “She’s great, we both are. We have a few hunters staying with us tonight and they seem to be impressed by what they’ve seen so far, so that’s good. How’s Cas settling in?”
I smile at her, “Thanks Sarah” before she climbs back into the driver’s side.
“What no, it’s a great idea, Sammy, it really is and I think you and Eileen would be great at it, but……..”
“And I’m a virgin when it comes to this situation” I replied
But no matter how much I prayed, I never got a response.
“Hey, you”, I said, catching his arm, “Helen called. She’ll be collecting Jimmy this day week.”
The boys launched into a blow by blow of their afternoon activities to Cas before I held up my hands and said “Woah woah woah”
Cas frowns at me, saying “It is Friday, Dean”
But its Cas reaction that provokes me the worst. Grasping Alt Dean by the shoulder he addresses both him and his brother, “No harm done. Dean and I are best friends, not lovers. I have cooked you some dinner, are you hungry?”
“Dean, she’s mad at us.” Cas answered “And she has a right to be. I know we didn’t know about her son, but we knew what Naomi was capable of.”
I was lying on my side, my body felt heavy with sleep. The memories of the evening before came rushing back at me and I smiled and blushed in the darkness. Boy, did my guys know how to make a woman happy.
Dean said “Siobhan please, I need you to stay”
“Dean” but Cas can’t stop the laugh coming from his mouth. I grab him around the waist and both of us fall back into the water, a tangle of arms and legs.
I know Cas has forgiven me for those events, but I didn’t know then what I know now. Christ.
I took out my phone to ring Jody. She answered on the second ring.
“What are you doing?? He asked incredulously
Sam eyes widen as he watches me, “You know………. How…………..wait are ye already together. Your together and you didn’t tell me, dammit Dean”.
While still watching the boys, I say to Cas, “I still pray to Jack every night Cas, to thank him for bringing you home. I’m so glad you’re here”.
I told them where the best Chinese takeaway was, and they left but not without each of them kissing me thoroughly before they did.
Turning to Dean, I squeeze his hand that’s still tucked into mine, “If that’s what you need, go, I can manage here fine.”
“Crap, I forgot about that. How can you read that? I asked
I squeeze him harder and say, “Can I just say I hate this. Don’t get me wrong. I love Cas, and I love what I’m doing. I love that you have Eileen and what you’re doing, but I also hate missing you.”
“You know you can’t stop me, right? You know this will end the way I want it to end” Chuck continued
The End
I tilt my head at him and give him the look, the don’t bullshit me look, “I said something upstairs to upset you, and that is the last thing I intended, so tell me, what did I say?”
“What!!!” said Castiel his face white with shock
Huffing a laugh, I return the embrace, “Me too, Sammy” and that's how Cas finds us before we climb the stairs together.
I watched Siobhan walk into her bedroom and then I leaned my hands down on the breakfast table. “Dammit Cas, why do I do this? I nearly lost you because of this temper of mine. And now Siobhan”
Eventually I turned my face towards Cas and then he was kissing me.
Sighing, I turn the temperature of the water down until it's as cold as I can stand it and wash quickly.
I was smiling remembering that day when Sam walked into the room while finishing up a call. He ended it and sat down beside me.
“More” Cas pants at me, “Dean please”
“Sam, Dean you remember my brother Sam, and this is his girlfriend Eileen”
Two corridors later I walked out into a large room that joined onto another room.
The town was putting on a day only fair for the 4th, which lands on a Saturday. We had plans to spend the afternoon at the fair, but then we were coming home and having a barbeque and watching the fireworks from the comfort of our home.
Sam laughs “Ok ok, I know Dean, that’s usually your line but ok I’m officially beat”.
Naomi said nothing for several seconds her eyes darting to each of us. Eventually she asked “Why”
Turning to him, I bend my head to make eye contact with him, “But Jimmy, just because I loved Sonny and Robin……………….”
Castiel goes still at Jack’s words, and his arms begin to fall from around Dean. Dean reaches to grab Castiel’s hands to stop him but at the last second changes his mind and squeezes them once before letting them go. As Castiel moves to stand beside Dean, they glance at each other smiling softly.
Eve‘s face goes stone cold and calculating before laughing heartily, “Of course I went with the Entity. When it resets everything, there will be no fairies, no angels and best of all, no humans. Just me and my creations. Living in peace to create as many as I want…………………..on Earth.  And the Entity gets to sleep, and when my creations die, they will rest in the Empty. Win-win all around. All-new rules, all thanks to you, Jack.”
When he goes to move, to return the favour, I moan for him not to.
Turning to look at the surrounding land that’s lush and wild with flowers, oak trees lining the perimeter of the property, I took a deep breath of late spring air, then turned to the man behind me.
Cas shushed me against my skin as he reached the waistband of my sweats. Speaking to me as he lowered my pants, he said, “Dean, please don’t wake the boys because I will be very cross if we get interrupted now” and then he released my very erect, very hard cock.
They loved the day at the lake on Sunday so much that by the time Monday came and Helen picked them up; they didn’t want to leave. We told Helen to pass on to the mother that if she ever needed a break, we would be happy to retake them for a couple of nights.
“Huh Naomi didn’t tell you that, did she?” Chucked asked “Well no surprise there. But then again there is a lot of things that Naomi did, that she didn’t tell you about?”
Tilting her head to the side, she takes it out and examines it. It’s a one-piece garment that would cover both the top and bottom of the body. When she questions the vessel owner, she admits she has never worn it. Arael senses something, some emotion in her vessel; it feels like embarrassment, she thinks Castiel would call it.
As Cas leads him towards the kitchen, he asks, “Oh what was the first?”
…………………………………………………………………………………………
Jack’s grin is back, and he asks, “Do you doubt my mad skills, Dean?”
I still wanted to help people, I still wanted to make a difference, but I thought maybe I could do it legitimately, maybe be the person who cleans up the mess instead of being the one who walks away and leaves the mess for someone else to clean up.
I found Siobhan in the garage. I watched as she tried to control her anger by pacing. She eventually came to a stop next to the Impala, the iconic car that was an extension of Sam and Dean. Siobhan climbed into the back seat and disappeared from view.
“Well, Sam and me.” I replied cringing a little
“What are you sure? That’s only 50 miles from here” Dean said
“Are you ready” I asked more abruptly than I planned.
Cas beams back at me, looking so happy. Michael is giving us small smiles. I can hear the boys, laughing outside the window and I think, these are the moments to treasure. These perfect moments in time, where everyone is well and happy and I was going to start to treasure them, instead of wondering when they’ll end.
“Sorry” I said “That happens when Jack and I come back close to each other”
I was in love with Cas. And I think a part of me always knew it.
“Where could we go?” I asked
Cas reaches out tentatively with a hand that hovers over Dean’s chest before meeting his gaze, “You’re sure, Dean? You’re sure about this? About me?”
Helen looks shocked at the suggestion, and even Cas starts beside me, “Dean, no, the boys are crazy about you. They only sing you and Cas’s praises every time I meet with them. I just don’t understand what’s happened with Jimmy; you and he were joined at the hip; I just don’t……….”
More tears spill down Amy’s face as she thanks both Cas and me again.
Over her shoulder I could see Siobhan, Dean and Cas coming in with food and coffee.
Jack smiled that sweet smile of his and said, “I can stay a while”.
When the phone pinged, Dean scooped it up and opened the picture.
Four pair of eyes turn towards me, but it's Michael that speaks, “You’re not coming,, Dean”
Winking at Eileen I said “The stomach wants what the stomach wants. So, what’s it getting?”
My chest swells “I love you Cas”.
This is the time. Words, Dean Winchester, use your words. “Cas I already found……..”
“What about all your admirers??” I ask meekly.
Sonny leaves out a belly laugh and looks around the table “Can’t say you haven’t been warned”.
Afterwards, he held me in his arms until I fell asleep feeling satisfied and loved.
Jimmy peeks another look at me and says, “I know I made a stupid joke about it, and I’m really sorry and if you don’t want to tell me its fine, but you and Cas, are you married?”
My dearest Castiel & Dean
He could hear Sam and Rowena talking. Breathe in, breathe out.
I must have made a noise because Rose turns and sees me standing there. And yep, her eyes are red. She doesn't try to hide the fact she’s crying either. But she does give me a mock glare.
“Mmmmm Hello Jody, Hello Donna”
I'm smiling remembering that day when Sam walks into the room while finishing up a call. He ends it and sits down beside me.
“Siobhan came across it in some research. In the few instances that she found it, it was always alongside the words Final Prophet and Nephilim. That’s Siobhan and me isn’t it?” Jack asked
I looked at him wondering what was wrong, “Cas, he’s ok, isn’t he?”
Cas recoils at the last word. “But they are children?”
I watched in disbelief as I saw Siobhan falling to the ground in a dead heap. Chuck fell to his knees, as did Jack. The bombardment of angels and demons stopped as suddenly at it started. Rowena appeared beside Sam, just as Naomi stirred on the ground in front of us.
Dean stares at the young man. Now he remembers him. But he had only seen photos, having never met his nephew.
The mental image gives him a satisfying orgasm before pulling out to the sound of clapping.
Dean still doesn’t say anything. Sam sighs, “I can’t make you talk, Dean. God knows I learned that lesson well. But when Arael comes back, I’m going to help, with or without you.  I’m not going to stand back while I get erased out of existence. I need to tell my wife. I am so not looking forward to that conversation.”
“Cas you need to rest, c’mon let me get you into bed, please. I’ll stay here with Michael. He’s getting used to me”
“Dean, how about a trip through time.”
Cas squints up at me from his seat on the ocean floor, the water swirling around him and he holds his hand up for me to pull him up, “Ariel?
Castiel’s mind was running overtime.
Cas jumps and pulls away, “Sorry Sarah, sorry Michael. I’m ready”, he grins at me before climbing into the car.
Helen didn’t like the sound of that.
As we enter the restaurant, I spot Robin herself behind the counter. She smiles when she sees us and comes around to greet us.
And when he told me this, it was the expression on his face that blew me away. It was so open, so joyful, with tears running down his face and then I lost him.
He knew Dean was taking it upon himself to make the hard decisions, just like always, but this was Jack. This boy who was the closest thing he would ever have to a son. So, he would bury his feelings with work.
Cas snorts at my air quotes. But it makes him smile and he has made me feel better.
Hours later, the kitchen is cleaned, the boys are in bed and I'm sitting on the porch swing drinking a beer, when the screen door opens, and Cas is standing there. He looks tired and rumpled but still so beautiful.
After saying hello to Sarah, Cas got Michael settled in the back seat.
Cas interrupts me, “Dean I’m sure that’s not his real name”.
The looks on Sam, Dean and Jack’s faces said everything.
Find my own way and leave the boys the way I found them. That was a lot of if’s I know, but making the decision made me feel better. I would not break up this family.
It’s been a month since everything changed and I’m still processing it. Lying on my bed in my room in the bunker, Miracle atop of my feet, I’m still cataloguing our losses.
I laughed softly, “Of course I’m sure, that’s what I was trying to tell you before you left the kitchen, did you really think I was going to leave you here, you are my best friend and I just got you back, but Cas you don’t even know what you’ll be doing with me”.
“I don’t think I like your parents, Siobhan” Jack said in that innocent way of his
Cas and I take our time getting up but it’s still before nine when I stumble into the kitchen for coffee, as Rose is setting the table. The boys are on my heels, greeting myself and Rose while grabbing bowls for cereal, while I lean against the counter, mug of coffee in hand, and just watch.
Eileen looked pleased as punch as Sam said, “Head massage?”
Startled, as the words didn’t come from Eileen, I see in the doorway behind us are Cas and Sam, the words coming from Cas.
Sonny breaks into my thoughts, “Boys these guys here are my friends and they will be looking after you for the next while. This here is Dean Winchester. Dean stayed here himself when he was 15, that’s how we got to know each other, and we’ve kept in touch ever since. And this is Cas Winchester”.
Holding his hands up, Sonny replied “No problem with me. How about Jimmy?”
Dean’s voice is soft, but it reaches Sam, “Cas told me he loved me.”
Waving them in I follow them down the stairs, where my Sam, Eileen and Cas are waiting.
“I know that Cas but this……….” shrugging my shoulders and looking back at the farmhouse, “this is unlike anything we have taken on before”.
At Sam’s look, I tell him. “He goes home in two weeks”
The screaming was relentless and non-stop now. I couldn’t bear it.
I keep up the pace as Cas jerks into my mouth saying my name like a prayer and a curse.
I could barely breathe past the lump in my throat.
Ok, a date, a date with Cas and Dean, a date with food and drinks and then I thought about what happens at the end of really good dates……………I turned and ran to my room.
Cas shoulders me, “You like him”.
Travis holds out his hand to Jimmy first. “Jimmy it's a pleasure to meet you”.
“What? No, of course I do. They’re family. I’m not ashamed of us Dean. I just wanted to make sure we are all on board. I don’t want there to be any secrets between us. Any of us.”
“No Cas” I said “Please let me finish. I know that you are both it for me. For the rest of my life, I want both of you and no one else. And I know that it won’t be legal in any state, but I don’t care, I want to marry you both”
Miracle follows us sniffing out every corner of the place. Sonny tells us that there are usually no more than six boys at any given time but in an emergency, he can take up to four more but that rarely happens. He has only one staff. A woman named Rose handles the cooking and the cleaning.
I broke from the kiss with Dean and stared up into his green eyes. My heart was pounding. An hour ago, before I met with Crowley, I was miserable and missing these men something fierce. And now, my heart is soaring and filled with such love, I could barely stand it.
Dean looks over Sam’s shoulder, and Sam follows his gaze as Jess and young Sam walk arm in arm back towards the library.
I couldn’t answer him.
“Alright, alright, that’s enough from the love birds” I said prying Cas away from Sam. “Let’s get you to bed”.
“Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me. Don’t touch me”.
“No, no” I thought “This is so bad”
Leaning into us, he whispers, “The monsters are back. They’re everywhere”
I said, “You can ask me anything, Jimmy. Anything at all. I know you don’t know me, and you were comfortable with Sonny, but I want to change that. I want to be someone you can come to, and count on, so ask”
“I’m so proud of you Cas
I raise my head and look Cas straight in the face, “If his father hurts him again Cas, they’ll be no Jack, no Rowena called, I mean it Cas. I will end him myself.”
I snort a laugh and together we run into the water together to rescue Cas. By the time we reach him, Cas has lost his balance and has fallen over into the water, taking Keith with him.
Jimmy stares at me for a moment before he shakes his head, “I think I’ll just stay here for a while.”
I looked up at him as he descended the stairs and said “You know, you remind me of someone. I was completely ravished in the garage a few hours ago and the perpetrator then just ran off into the night. Do you know anything about that? I asked him with a smile
Cas with a last look over his shoulder at me, followed Sarah down the stairs
I beamed at them.
After parking the car in the hospital car park, I turn off the engine and scrub my hands down my face. There was much to tell Dean. But how much of it to tell Jimmy. He was so upset with them.
“You were screaming my name” Castiel said “while having a nightmare”
I hate feeling helpless. I hate leaving my fate in other people’s hands. But here I was, doing both. The bottle of whiskey I had snagged on my way to my room wasn’t even making a dent.
Castiel is still sitting there and he is so close, too close.
The boys tell them of the days we went to the lake and the beach and the hikes, lapping up the attention from two more adults.
Raising our joined hands, I kiss Dean's knuckles, “Yes, he did. He said he seems like his Dad is trying harder this time. And he sounds good, you know. We’ll keep an eye. And Dean, even if something does go wrong, Jimmy is not too far away.”
All four boys shake our hands and then Sonny sends them off into the kitchen to get their dinner.
“Cas”, Dean whispers, the corners of his mouth creasing upwards slightly, “You’re the best. But I’m not falling back into bad habits. I may want to, but I’m not going to; I just need…………………. time.”
In the quiet of the morning, sunlight streaming in through the curtains, I lie beside Cas, cupping his cheek while kissing him gently. It feels like the most natural thing in the world as if we have been doing it for years instead of mere days.
It looks like he’s making all the same mistakes up here in Heaven that he did on Earth. Like running and hiding from any kind of emotion or feeling. Why didn’t he insist on seeing Cas and hashing stuff out? In the end, what did it get him?
Jack returns the hug resting his face on Sam’s shoulder. The sight has Dean swallowing hard.
“DUDE what the hell was that” I ask standing up and throwing the phone on the couch.
After the best shower in the world, I dried and dressed in record time. I was looking at myself in the mirror, smiling at my bright eyes, pink cheeks and slight beard rash on my chin, when movement behind me caught my eye.
Arael hovers near Castiel and says, “I’m sorry, Grandfather. Jack asked me to ask you one more time. I’m really sorry, I am your family. I did not mean to upset you.”
When I eventually try to move, Cas’s arms tighten around me.
This is a hard time for Dean and Cas so this chapter is from both their points of view.
“So, my friend,” I said, “The question I wanted to ask you is, are you in love with Siobhan as well??”
A warm hand squeezes my shoulder. A hand that calms and centres me.
Sam, who had been watching my face the whole time I was talking, looks down at that last remark with a slight smile on my face.
I watched until the car was out of sight, then I turned to face the house.
So, it was up to him……………….again.
Even so, we take our time, walking casually, talking in fits and bursts with Cas’s hand snug in mine.
Grabbing him in a hug, I kiss his temple, “It was our pleasure, Jimmy. Don’t be a stranger and if you need anything, please call me, you hear. I don’t care what time, day or night, ok.”
I placed a pencil on the table in front of us and said, “I want you to move the pencil.”
“Hello”
“Stop, stop I can’t breathe. Oh god that picture is never coming out of my head” before she started laughing again.
Cas sat up, “She does use sign language Jimmy. I have an idea. Why don’t we learn a greeting for Eileen for when she arrives? She’ll be delighted with that and It will make her feel right at home”.
“Cas”
I’m getting married. I’m getting married. I’m………
Shelley's mouth drops open slightly before she recovers herself. Holding out her hand, she says, “Dean, it's nice to meet you. Forgive me, I did hear from someone that you were together, but I just thought it was gossip. How are you settling in?
I grinned and said “That’s Miracle, I did mention her, right?
SIOBHAN
Dean feels like someone hit him with a Mack truck.
“In case she doesn’t” I finished.
The following day I’m awake long before my alarm goes off. My stomach is in knots, thinking of the day ahead: the danger, the demons, Jimmy.
I just nodded.
Cas is looking at me in bemusement and Michael is staring with his big blue eyes.
The other thing we had to do was talk to Michael about who and what he is. I wanted to wait but Cas insisted we be upfront with him, “His powers are starting to manifest, and he needs to be prepared. Dean, I am not making the same mistake I made with Jesse. We tell him the truth. Michael trusts us, Dean, and I'm not giving him a reason not to trust us. If he’s a Cambion like Rowena says, we can’t go even a little bit wrong here.”
As we tell our story, I’m more than amazed at what we have gone through. I’m afraid Jimmy won’t believe us. That he will think we are making a fool out of him.
Instead of laughing, Sam actually got teary eyed and hugged Cas back “Yeah Cas, it’s really good your home. We missed you”.
For the next two days, the only time I leave the room is to stretch my legs.  Jimmy has an en-suite, so I don’t have to leave the room to clean up. And Cas and I take turns to hit up the cafeteria, eating on either side of Jimmy’s bed.
There’s silence on the line for a few moments before he asks, “Can I talk to him, Dean, please.”
Kissing him once more, I move towards the bathroom. Cas grabs me and pins me up against the wall, “Where are you going” he growls against my lips.
“Cas you ok, you look like your dead on your feet?” I ask him.
Oh crikey
“Oh ok” Sam replies and bless him, he actually sounds disappointed.
My heart sank. Cas looked as upset as when I found him in the garage.
Cas actually giggled, “Well I have to admit, you do snuggle very well”.
Standing beside Jack I looked at Dean, Sam and Castiel and said “We’ll be back before you know it”
Castiel’s eyes widen before he reaches out with his mind to speak to Arael and relays the information.
Tapping my fingers against the steering wheel, I asked “When do you start treatment Sonny?”
At Dean’s puzzled look I said to Dean “You look young, Dean. You look happy. You look like you’re in love”
She patted my arm in consolation just as the boys burst into the kitchen.
Donna squeezes his hand, saying, “Go, find them.”
The bestest of friends and I hope I will be again in the future.
“Well, well, what do we have here” and I turn to see a man appear behind Robin, dressed in the uniform of a Deputy Sheriff with an ugly expression on his face.
But I knew I wasn’t as strong as I had been. I didn’t admit it to myself how worried I had been that I would lose it but here I am.
I know its selfishness on our part for both of us to be here, but Jimmy needs us, so Cas goes home to reassure them.
Castiel bent down to check on Naomi, never taking his eyes off of Siobhan and Jack.
I want his lips, I want to look him in the eyes, I want to drink him in as he takes care of me. I want him to see what he does to me, I want his lips on mine, when he makes me come.
After a beat Dean replied “Give us 15 minutes”
I grin back at him, “I know. This is what it's about. Getting them home or, if that isn’t possible, getting into a good home. But Sam, Walker is still out there, and I don’t want a repeat of what happened to Jimmy and his Dad.”
Jack looks over at Dean, who’s standing with Castiel’s arms still around him from behind, “Yes, I had my suspicions, and they were confirmed by Eve when we met with her. She knew my history with the Entity. All of it. She knew I wasn’t lying to her. I believe Eve has been with the Entity from the start.”
I swallowed hard but I answered “I think they are called Leviathans”
Sam looked at me and nodded towards Cas. Cas saw this and he looked from me to Sam and asked “What, what is it?”.
Sam and Dean glance warily at each other before Dean laughs, “Yeah, all the time. She still calls me Hasselhoff.”
Sam holds up his beer, saying “To Jimmy, Keith, Nicholas, Joseph and Michael”, and we all join him.
I laughed like I’m sure she hoped I would. “We need to make plans”
Feeling a frustration, I don’t recognize rising up in me I said “Cas, I’m not interested ok. I just want to help the boys and spend time with you”
“Hello Boys” she drawled in her strong Scottish brogue. “What brings you to my little corner of Hell. Wait, don’t tell me…………the world is ending”
Michael needs someplace calm and peaceful to heal himself, body, mind and spirit. Not a high-strung functioning alcoholic with a borderline personality and a bottomless pit of rage.
Fifteen minutes later, they pull up outside a house that is the complete opposite of what you’d expect a witch’s house to look like.
“You're an idjit; of course, I came. It’s my story too,” Sam replies
Even then he doesn’t let go, gently licking and swirling his tongue until, I come back to earth.
Siobhan looked over at me and smiled “Why am I not surprised”
"Michael do you want us to stay, me and Cas, because we will," I ask him, but he shakes his head.
When he saw my eyes widening, he said
After that she sat on the bed looking exhausted and I had managed to persuade her to get some more rest.
“Yes, Dean Winchester. It’s nice to meet you” I answer her, “Please let me help you there” and I relieve her of the files.
“Of course we came. Do the boys know?” she asks.
Sonny leaned back in his chair and looked at me not unlike the way he looked at the 15-year-old Dean (cocky as all hell) Winchester, “I have to say, I was surprised it was Cas you brought with you and not Sam. But I’m glad you did. He has a quiet way about him, but knows how to cut though all the bullshit, you know”.
He turns to look at me and I notice a light dusting of hair running from his belly button, that disappears under his shorts. I have to make a conscious effort to bring my eyes up to his face to find Cas’s gaze on me looking puzzled.
Dean stopped when I turned and he saw my face “Siobhan??”
Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean asks, “Realm’s, what realms?
“Yeah, I can tie her up near the garden hose out back and wash her there” Jimmy replies.
Now it’s Rowena’s turn to be surprised, “I thought you knew, seem as how he’s with you?
Seated on the porch railing opposite Michael and Cas who are sitting on the porch swing we watch as Sarah drives into the yard. Today is the day Michael is getting his stitches out and the bag removed.
Cas grasps my face with his two hands, “You didn’t make it harder, Dean. His father did. If his father were any kind of good father, we wouldn’t even know him. But we do, and we…………………..love him. And we won’t stop. Even if we never see Jimmy again, we won’t stop caring for him, will we?”
Naomi pursed her lips at that.
I couldn’t lose him.
