Well, Castiel’s family.
After a hot shower, he got dressed in his usual outfit.  A black tee shirt, a short sleeved red and white flannel, blue jeans and his brown boots.  He wouldn’t be caught dead in shorts.  He was bowlegged after all, which didn’t help.  Dean grabbed his phone, slid it in his pocket and looked out the window again, and he suspected to see the man from before, but instead was a tall boy with dark hair pushing the mower.  What happened to the older guy?
As Castiel skipped up to the porch, he gave Dean a nod and opened the door then walked in, letting Dean take his precious time in following him—- which he did, but not because he was scared..
“Fuck!” Dean groaned loudly, as he threw his phone on his table and ran his fingers through his light brunette hair, pulling at it.  It was too damn early for this shit.  Dean just graduated High School and got a job at his dads auto repair garage named “The Family Business” that was ran by his dad and his uncle Bobby.  He had just turned eighteen the past January and this was his first real job, where he usually worked Monday-Friday and had Saturday’s and Sunday’s off.
“Grab some hangers and hang those up.  I’m going to put on some music.  Do you like the Beatles?” He asked, as Dean nodded as he caught the shirts.  “Yeah, man.  I don’t care what you play, but I do like the oldies and classic rock.” He said, as he walked towards the closest to grab some hangers and not long after he heard “Hey Jude” playing, making him smile to himself.  His mom used to sing it to him when he was little.  Its been years since she did that.
“What’s this?” Sam asked, already reaching for it, with a sickening feeling that he already knew what it was.
“Yup,” Dean beamed, leaning over to help his brother get a better hold on the box. “All of them – I got another box of ‘em in the car.”
“C’mon babe,” Dean tried to persuade. “I’d rather not talk about this just now. Instead I’d quite like your… Where are you going?”
This was an exciting and strange new experience. He was starting college, moving away from home for the very first time and into a small shared apartment with a stranger (although they had met several times before today and did get on quite well) and now he was going to have to provide for himself. He knew his Mum was already crying upstairs, having roped Dad into helping her unpack Dean’s kitchen stuff – and the thought made him almost back out… he hated seeing his Mum upset. But he also knew how proud both she and Dad were of him and after everything they’d done, he couldn’t throw it all away like that; Mum for starters wouldn’t want him too. His parents had been putting money into a savings account for him, from the very day he was born; they encouraged him to do what he wanted, be
“Just his upper body and feet, if you don’t mind,” Gabriel explained as he stepped back towards the front desk and the million clipboards spread out in front of him, ready to delegate other patients care to other staff. He looked back up at Castiel with a smirk and a wink. “We don’t want to elevate the man’s blood pressure too much!”
“Alright,” Gabriel called to the onlookers. He let go of his brother and turned to address the others. “Back to work! Hannah, take over here,” He ordered to his next-in-line, before placing a hand on the back of Castiel’s shoulder and ushering him down the hallway and into his office.
And then the sounds of Claire waking crackled through the baby monitor on their bedside table.
“Thank you, Sir,” Dean nodded, clearly checking him out. Cas crossed his arms and tapped his foot impatiently. Dean noticed, and quickly rectified how Cas was standing. “If you could please keep your hands where I can see them…”
“My heart.”
good; Cas was practically drooling.
Some Sunday’s they went out; to the zoo, to the park or on a road-trip, for example. But some Sunday’s they just curled up together in the big bed and ordered take-out, as they watched movies and just relished in each other’s company. Those type of Sunday’s were the best.
That was all Cas needed to say, and Dean was scrambling off of the bed and into Cas’ arms. Cas lifted him up, letting Dean curl his legs around his waist, and his arms around his neck.
instead!”
“You got my shirt ironed yet?!”
“I know. And I’m really sorry babe,” Cas shushed back. “Start of the school year is always busy.”
“That may be. But we don’t favouritise our employee’s. Are you going to give Cas special treatment?” Sam asked, although he knew that was a stupid question.
John Winchester said nothing. A moment later, he stood up abruptly and turned to face Castiel again.
Sam watched on, truly fascinated with seeing this different side of his brother and best friend’s relationship.
Cas carried him back over to the bed, laying him down gently and slowly crawling up his body.
“Fine,” Dean sighed, because he honestly couldn’t deny it. John Winchester would just listen more to his eldest son. He wriggled his hand into his jeans pocket and pulled out his cell.
And when Sam realised what happened, he let the gun drop, putting it away a second later.
“Yeah. And you’re an assbutt,” Cas grumbled, with no real malice behind the words.
As Sam started to clean up from dinner, he realised that Cas hadn’t actually answered his question in regards to his gender. He would ask him later. He wasn’t about to interrupt Dean and Cas just to find out!
“Dean,” Sam started, slowly. He couldn’t find it in himself to crush his brother, like Dean so obviously thought he was about to. He had known a lot of people, especially at college, who had experimented with a lot of kinks, and he had a few himself; so, who was he to shame his brother. “You are who you are; if you become your Daddy’s Princess…”
“Ugh,” Sam groaned at the sight of his brother, knowing straight away what his brother had been up to last night. “I really shouldn’t be surprised!”
“Got a day or two,” Dean mumbled between each open-mouthed kiss.
As he walked away, Meg called after him.
Cas threw his head back in frustration and annoyance, groaning low and loud. His hands tightened on the steering wheel as he contemplated where stepping on the gas and just driving away would get him. Knowing Dean, he would just use it as an excuse to drag him to the station and keep his eye on him all day!
“Well, as a gay person myself, Dean Winchester, I don’t know why you keep it so hidden from me!” And Charlie did sound upset. Not for the first time since he’d tied the knot had he thought about telling her the truth.
“Cas,” Dean whispered desperately, at the short intimate kiss his boyfriend pressed to his lips. He fisted his hands in Cas’ clothes, holding on to him desperately. Cas smirked and pushed Dean against the nearest wall, hands holding him up.
They went out for burgers and the rest was history. Before they knew it, they were both in way over their heads with each other. Dean absolutely adored Cas; even if the guy rarely let him top (although, to be fair, there wasn’t really any complaint from Dean)!
joking. Dean grumbled, but reluctantly pulled his own boxers back on and begrudgingly sat at his desk, disgruntled that his back was now to Cas.
“Secret?” Cas questioned, quiet with thought. “What secret?”
Dean hated when Cas spoke the truth like that.
“Larceny.”
Sam chuckled at the older man’s explanation of events, but then couldn’t think of anything to say and stood in the hallway a bit awkwardly.
Dean shrugged his shoulders, before retuning his attention back to his breasts.
Sam nodded, thinking about the whole thing. He bit back the smile at finally seeming to get through to his tough-as-nails big brother.
“We got a tip-off.”
“Dean…” He started, as he rolled down the window. He went to continue, except Dean cut across him.
Castiel changed the channel, before Dean spoke again.
“A bit of flirting never hurt anyone Sam,” Dean replied after a moment of thinking. “Don’t mean I’m going to be taking her home.”
Periods were something he didn’t think they would have to deal with, with this spell. He didn’t even know it was possible. But again, he’d been proven wrong. Sam was going to need to get some supplies in.
Cas stumbled backwards, almost falling as he grabbed his shoulder. There was blood; a lot of blood. Dean wanted to;
He approached the door labelled
do him.”
“I got her,” Dean smiled, pressing a kiss to Cas’ lips before jumping out of bed. He shook his hips, suggestively to the room, as he walked out onto the landing. Cas smirked at the retreating form of his husband, shaking his head and reaching for the TV remote.
He knew, in a heart-beat, which one he’d choose.
it made when the weapons inside connected with the wood. He kicked the boots off that he was wearing, suddenly thankful that they had only been a size or so too big for him, otherwise he would have been driving home barefoot!
“Oh come on, it can’t be that bad,” Sam playfully scolded. “You’ve had worse from a vampire before, and you barely complained then.”
It was Cas, holding the door open. Dean followed him in, a slight limp to his step that would be unnoticeable if you weren’t experienced in all of Dean’s movements. Sam smirked into his glass, before schooling his features and raising his hand in welcome.
“There’s nothing wrong with them,” Castiel reassured him confidently, lowering the man’s gown once again. “They look fine, Dean,” Castiel promised, reaching over to straighten the cover back over Dean’s legs.
“Yeah – comics.”
Sam rolled his eyes. He seemed to be dealing with it worse than Sam was. Dean was having problems adjusting to his new ‘body’, finding the simplest of tasks difficult.
Castiel had heard that it was a miracle the man had even survived the crash, let alone survived all the injuries he had.
“And then maybe we can go back to mine afterwards and you can check if my testicles are black again?”
“12 years!” Charlie cried. “Jesus. You’re really gone for each other then?”
Dean looked at Charlie as if she had grown two heads.
“Hey Sammy,” Dean smiled at the other man, letting his hand come up to cup the other man’s cheek. “Miss you.”
“What did he ask?” Gabriel prompted when it became obvious that his brother wasn’t going to continue.
“So,” Sam took a deep breath, changing the subject. “There’s a load of lore on this, but nothing concrete,” He explained.
, for help.
he wanted, to achieve his full potential and to strive for greatness.
“Oh,” The woman laughs slightly, cheeks reddening as she shakes her head. She relaxes again, sitting back in the booth. “I should have known. They always are.”
“Ignore it,” Cas ordered, mouth finding another sensitive spot and sucking another bruise into place, to join the map he’d began making of Dean’s body.
“Yummy!” Dean licked his lips, hands reaching out to dust over Castiel’s as he put the tray down. “Thank you love.”
Cas cracked one eye open wider than the other and stared at the other man in the room. He yawned again, raising his hand to ruffle his own hair, before refocusing on his husband. He blinked a few times, trying to ground himself.
Dean smirked, breaking away from his act.
“What?” Dean shrugged, not surprised with the response from his brother.
“I hope you don’t plan on actually calling her,” Sam snarked as they left the diner.
"Dean?" Sam asked as he watched his brother fumble around in the comforter for the phone, unable to grab it in his haste to pick it up again. The ringer was on speakerphone, and kept pulsing as it waited to connect with the other phone.
“I’m a knife,” Dean exclaimed, a hint of pride dripping in his tone.
“What are you on about, Cas?” Dean asked lightly, still soaring from Claire’s display.
“My apologies,” Dean rolled his eyes sarcastically. “I didn’t realise there was a right, or wrong way to write a to-do list.”
She twisted her hair around her fingers and dipped her tongue out swiped her bottom lip. Dean had to give her credit, she was really trying, and if Dean wasn’t taken, and was straight, he probably would have enjoyed the company.
“Meg,” Cas raised his eyebrows at the familiar woman.
Before he’d even finished, there was a flap of wings behind him.
“Oh, for goodness sake, Dean,” Castiel huffed. “The front porch is not the place to have this conversation. Nor are you dressed; and you know how I feel about that. Invite the woman inside; I’ll make us all some coffee while you go and put your clothes back on.”
“No promises, Samantha. No promises!”
“You know… the thing we do…” He mumbled.
Sam opened his mouth to say something, but lost it. He knew he should have a problem, but he honestly couldn’t find it in himself to care. Cas was a good guy, and as his brother-in-law, Sam couldn’t deny him a little special treatment.
“Don’t worry about it,” The student licked his lips and didn’t hide the fact that he was very clearly checking Dean out. “What’s your name, freshmen?”
“I can cook.”
Sam debated his own college options with Dean, as he didn’t have much time left to decide what he wanted to do and told him about this really cute girl that he’d started to see. He told Dean about the first time they’d kissed and how magical it had been in the rain, and then laughed when Dean shuddered at the thought of kissing a girl. It made him ask more about him and Cas.
“Cas I…” Dean tried to rescue himself. Cas held up his hand to stop him from continuing.
Most just called him stubborn.
Cas rolled his eyes at his husbands hurried demand as he placed the iron down at the end of the ironing board and picked up the shirt in question.
“Dean rolled his eyes, laughing.
“Perks to being head of department, right?” Dean posed his statement as a question and knew he kinda deserved the exasperated look Cas shot right back at him. “Right, right,” Dean waved his hand before pointing over at his cop car. “Police escort?”
“It’s not my fault that you’re late for work!” Cas hit back at him, voice loud enough to be carried through the house.
“Correct,” Cas nodded once, saying nothing more. Dean’s smirk grew wider, but the man tried to hide it behind a mouthful of mac and cheese (of course, Dean had mixed bacon and chicken in with his, to make it edible, obviously).
“You love it,” Dean smirked, checking his expensive wrist watch and sighing, almost disappointedly. “I’ve gotta get to work,” He explained, shutting his laptop and slipping on his suit jacket that had been slung lazily over the back of his chair. “Don’t forget about today, okay?” He reminded his husband seriously as he gathered everything he needed together and stood up.
“Still only an inch shorter than you, jackass!” Cas yelled in response, smiling wide at the sound of Dean’s laughter.
“Slow down,” Gabriel scolded lightly, perching himself on the edge of his desk. “Start from the beginning.”
“I’m gonna go get some breakfast, requests?” He was already sliding out of bed. Cas looked up, but Claire shocked them both.
“Oh baby, come to Daddy.”
For a moment, no one said anything. The tension in the room was high and Cas could tell that neither of the Winchester brothers wanted to be the first to break the silence, both clearly unsure of what the other’s reaction was going to be. Cas decided to step up and try to diffuse the awkwardness, anger and worry that he could almost smell; he also knew what Dean’s family thought about people like himself and Dean and got ready to defend his boyfriend if necessary.
“How was work?” He asked, lightly, conversationally. He tried to ignore the bandage and sling that Cas’ arm was in.
text, with a million kissing emojis attached before moving to put the iron and ironing board away.
“I…” Sam stammered. “No, that’s not what I meant, not exactly!” He tried to reassure Cas, not wanting his brother’s words to offend the easily confused angel.
“C’mon. Can’t we cuddle? I really want to cuddle. I can do this tomorrow.”
Dean began pouting at lack of response he had received from his brother. Cas couldn’t help but feel smug, and mentally praised Sam. It wasn’t that Dean was trying to get Sam to laugh at Cas, but he would have thought that he would be as shocked as he was when he found out… because this was Cas; gruff voiced, dry-cleaned suit and dark hair that turned even the straightest man gay! (Dean could vouch for that!) It seemed weird that Cas had once been female!
“He asked if his test results were back.”
Dean was a little startled at the question but answered readily enough.
With that statement, a very handsome, very shirtless man stalked into the kitchen. He scanned the room, settled on the shirt that he needed before stalking forward and snatching it up.
“Come on babe; please say something,” Dean begged. His husband’s tongue darted out to wet his lips.
“Words Cas,” Dean prompted. “I really want to hear you say it!”
reading.”
Dean couldn’t.
“Yes Dean?”
“I’m such an idiot Gabe!”
“No, you don’t!” Gabriel called after him.
Except, John Winchester didn’t listen to his wife.
“Uh…” Cas exclaimed, momentarily confused as he let his daughter move his hand and push it away. She then took her own hand and placed it in Dean’s. She wrapped her own fingers between his much larger ones, and he helped her bring his arm closer around her in a hug.
An hour and a half. That’s how long it took him to complete all his outstanding work. And once Dean had gotten a proper idea of what his professors were looking for, it all started to come naturally. The whole time that Dean was at his laptop, furiously typing away at his keypad, he could hear Cas behind him, chuckling at his phone. There were a few times that Dean tried to turn around, just to catch a glimpse of the guy, but Cas seemed to have a sixth sense for him and was ordering him to turn back around without having to even look up from his phone.
“You must have caught up by now, Dean,” Sam sighed, feeling exasperated with his brother.
~COMIC BOOK LOVERS~A little while later, Cas worked away in the kitchen putting together a homemade apple pie, declaring that they were going to celebrate. Sam wasn’t entirely sure what they were celebrating but was excited to try some of Cas’ famous pie. Dean on the other hand was celebrating the fact that his brother had accepted him for who he was, no questions asked and still loved him in exactly the same way. While he was baking, Sam and Dean sat together on the couch, catching up.
“Excuse me, little boy?”
“Well, as I’ve pointed out a few times,” (
Dean blinked at Sam once, glancing from his face to the panties he held out.
Dean sniffed but nodded before slowly standing again. He still clutched the blankets around him, clearly not wanting anyone to see. Dean started mumbling to himself about how unfair this all was, as he left the room and headed towards the bathroom.
“Gabe!” Castiel cried when he saw his brother still working at the desk. “Gabe!”
Dean licked his lips again, and desperately wished that he had a drink that he could gulp down to try and return some wetness to his dried-out mouth.
He heard Meg shouting for them to lower their guns. But since when had that ever worked? Cas was stood right at the front of the mob. He didn’t even have a gun in his hand, although Dean could see the one at his hip, and knew about the secret one he kept tucked close in the trench coat he always wore.
“Yeah!” Dean sighed, flopping himself back down in his chair.
“How do they know that you’re even competent enough to even wipe his ass?!”
“Ugh,” He groaned, hands splaying across his tummy. “It hurts so much!”
Dean had thought that he’d been joking. But the smack to the ass he’d received for telling Cas to
“The magic is old,” Cas hummed after a moment.
“Uh-huh,” Dean breathed, filling his lungs. His tone suggested that he didn’t believe him; in response Cas just rolled his eyes.
“Are my testicles black?”
“It could take weeks to break,” Cas continued, in his low, gruff, monotone voice.
“Dean…” Sam pursed his lips. “This… This wasn’t what I meant when I said make a list…”
The man had sustained life-threatening injuries, had to undergo countless x-rays and body scans, and he’d spend an unprecedented amount of time in theatre to remove the metal pole that had fallen from the lorry upon impact and impaled his chest.
The boys are getting to know each other and maybe soon enough, they’ll become even closer?
The house is NOT haunted, by the way.  It’s just a rumor, right?
“Cassie!  Who’s your friend?” A shorter male with light brown hair asked, as Castiel closed his eyes for a minute then forced a smile to his elder brother and then to Dean.  “Gabriel, this is Dean Winchester, he lives in the house across the street with his family,” he said, then took a breath, “Dean, this is my older brother Gabriel and he’s the closest thing to a damn ghost you’re gonna find in this place.” He smirked, as Gabriel chuckled lightly.  “Cassie here just gets mad that I’m sneaky, Dean.  So what are you two doing?” Gabriel asked, as he offered his hand to Dean to shake.
Naomi and Mary ended up sitting on the couch with cups of coffee, just gossiping about the town and the neighbors, talking about their families and what all there was to do here.  As Dean and Castiel looked at each other with an awkward silence between them, before Dean shoved his hands in his pockets and looked his way, catching his eyes.  “Uh, so, why’d you guys move here?” He asked, as they headed out the door, closing it behind them.  Castiel skipped down the steps of their porch, with Dean following a little too closely behind him.  “My dad wanted to move to a new place, he picked at random, so he could get his book series out there.” Castiel said, as he rubbed his cheek, almost embarrassed about it.
“Cas?  That you?” Came a man’s voice from another room.  Castiel sighed and walked in further, as Dean closed the door behind them.  “Yeah, Dad.  I brought a guest, so please tell me you’re wearing pants…” Castiel said with a plea in his tone.  Dean chuckled.  “Do boxers count?” The voice said back, making Castiel grumble and turned to look at his guest.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  He’s so weird..” he said, shaking his head and putting his palm to his forehead as he continued to shake his head.  Dean put a hand on the other guys shoulder and smiled.  “At least your dad wears boxers, I’ve seen things I shouldn’t have.. countless of times, and he thinks it’s damn hilarious to scar my fragile mind.” Dean chuckled, trying to lighten the mood.  It worked.  Castiel smiled.  “I feel for you, Dean.” He nodded.  As Castiel was about to head for the staircase to head up to his room, he felt a hand on his shoulder.  He thought it was Dean and was about to ask what the problem was, but then the color drained from usually tanned face.
Castiel sighed.  “Dean is going to help me unpack.  He thinks the house is haunted due to some rumors.  I’ve invited him to stay the night.” He said, as Gabriel’s eyebrows shot up, as he put his arm around his brothers back. “You work fast brother.  I’ll wear my soundproof headphones tonight.” He winked at them both, before skipping past them and up the stairs, as Castiel rolled his eyes at him as Dean blushed.
Why did the world hate him?  And where the Hell was the noise coming from?  He decided curiosity won over sleep, as he threw his legs over the side of his bed, as he rolled his fists to his eyes as he tried to get the sleep out of them.  He stretched his arms above his head and then grabbed his white t-shirt from the floor and threw it on, as he walked in just that and a pair of boxers to his window, where he peered back the curtain and moved the blinds and had a look see.  “Holy shit!” Dean gasped, as he hurriedly closed his blinds and moved the curtain back, as he looked around for his gray sweat pants and slid them on and padded his way down the stairs to the downstairs area.
Naomi looked behind her and put her hand on her sons shoulder.  “This is my son, Castiel, he’s been helping his father mow all morning,” she chuckled, as Dean wanted say something smart about not mowing that early, but bit his tongue as he stared at the other boy, who had his mother’s striking blue eyes.
It wasn’t until one random day in June when Dean was sleeping in on a Saturday that he heard the sound of a lawn mower close by.  He rolled over to his stomach and held his pillow over the back of his head and covered his ears to try and drown out the sounds.  It didn’t help much.  He rolled to his side to grab his phone from his side table and saw that it was only 8:00 AM.
Dean and Castiel make it to the /haunted/ house and the scariest thing Dean meets is…
He walked into the kitchen, where his father was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee and a paper on his lap.  “Dad!  Dad!  Did you see that someone is mowing the haunted house’s lawn?” Dean said quickly, as John raised his brow, sipping his black coffee.  “No, but I heard it, of course.” John said, as he lifted his paper up, covering his face.
Onward we go!
“That’s all you have to say?!” Dean asked, as he pushed down on his paper, causing John to glare at him and pull the paper out of his hold.  “If you’re so interested, why don’t you go over there and see what’s going on?” John suggested with a smirk, as Sam padded inside the kitchen with his large ass socked feet.  “Yeah right!  Dean is a chicken sh—-“ Sam said, cutting himself off when John gave him a “I wouldn’t finish that sentence if I were you” look.
Dean walked across his room and grabbed his phone and dialed Benny’s number.  After four annoying rings, the vampire-like boy answered in his southern drawl.  “Brother, why are waking me up this early on a Saturday?” He asked, as Dean snickered as he looked out the window, one hand holding back the curtain.  “There’s some dude across the street at the haunted house mowing the grass, man.” Dean explained, as he saw the guy pick up a drink and down it, then went right back to mowing.
“Okay?  And are you gonna go over there and make their acquaintance?” Benny asked with a yawn, as he talked with his eyes closed.  “No.” Dean said simply, like that was obvious.  “Then why’re you calling me, man?  Go talk to the ghost mowing man and let me know if he kills ya.” Benny replied, before hanging up and going back to sleep.  Dean grunted and rolled his eyes once more, before throwing his phone on his bed.  He needed a damn shower since there was no way he could fall back asleep with that noise.
“Dean.  The Novak’s are moving into the house across the street.” Mary said, making Dean’s eyes go wide.  Who the Hell would move there?  Didn’t they know the rumors?  “Yes.  We’re from Illinois, so this is a big change for us.” Naomi said, as she hummed.  Mary smiled at them all.  “I was telling Castiel here that you have the weekend off work and would love to help him unpack, and tell him all the lovely things about the neighborhood.” Mary said, as Castiel smiled Dean’s way, almost giving him a sympathetic look, like it wasn’t his idea, but hers alone.
Title is “Hey Jude” by the Beatles.
Dean decided to have breakfast, watch some television with Sammy, and relax for the day.  He even nodded off on the couch for about an hour before he heard a knock at the front door and his mother answering it politely.  Dean shrugged, opening one eye as he looked the way of the door, then closed his eyes fully again when the voices stopped.  Weird, but oh well?
Dean and his family lived in the house just across the street, but none of them crossed the road to pay witness to the old building, even though Dean has been asked several times by his father to help out and his best friend Benny even tried to dare him to step foot on the porch, but no way, José.
The windows would creak, and people passing by always said they heard a howling sound coming from inside.  The mind likes to play tricks on us, so who knew if these stories were true.  All the residents of Lawrence just knew to stay away from that house and it was true, they did.  It’s been for sale for so long that the sign in the yard was starting to fade and it was always falling over, almost like it didn’t want residents moving in..  the house was deemed as haunted, but by whom?
Castiel was prepared to reply, when Mary cut in.  “Well, it seems you boys have a lot to talk about.  So, why don’t you follow Castiel over and he’ll tell you what he needs help with.” She smiled at her son, then the other boy.  “You’re welcome anytime, Dean.” Naomi said.  “Don’t worry about my husband, he’s a little eccentric, he’s an author and acts like a big shot sometimes.” She chuckled, as Castiel rolled his eyes.  “He writes fantasy novels, mother.  They don’t even sell that well.” He rolled his eyes, as Dean smirked at him.  Naomi smacked him on the arm.  “Hush now,” she chuckled, as she turned and looked at the door.  “Go on, you two head on over.  There’s fresh pie on the counter, and lemonade, if your father hasn’t drank it all by now,” Naomi said as she looked from Castiel, to Dean, to Mary.
ok I know your dads are like. already married but damn i ship it
"Okay, then how do you know about that? You've done it before?" Dean doesn't want to admit that the thought makes him jealous, but—
"Okay!" Jack smiles and turns back to go inside.
"No, Cas, look at me. Who said anything about vessels? I want
better yet FOR WHY
A door to death's library. It's pretty useless, actually, cause only death can read their books.
"Balthazar and Gabriel, of course. They did enjoy... sharing stories of their adventures. Such unions occur very rarely, though. The most famous one was between Gabriel and Mary, that's why people considered her a virgin — she actually was. But something similar has been happening between human souls here, in heaven. Although I'm not sure how close it is to the union of a soul and a grace, but the descriptions match, so far. It's only been happening since Jack built the new paradise. Before, as you know, all souls residing here were separated from each other."
"They all want to know if you have your own tiktok account!" Claire exclaims the next day at breakfast. Jack looks up from his cereal and makes a questioning noise.
Hello, people on twitter!
why doesn't the telescope work? why did a crazy woman poison you and run into the woods???? so many questions so little answers
1. just.
"Why didn't you let us meet earlier? Having an older lesbian friend is amazing!" Charlie looks in the same direction as Claire.
Hunter. Mechanic. Cheeseburger critic.
STRONG FEMALE CHARACTERS! STRONG FEMALE CHARACTERS!
Followers
Joined: October 2012
Jack approaches Sam a few days after Claire made that first video.
a. you have any suggestions re: what tiktok should jack make
"Okay, alright, I am deeply sorry for even suggesting we do something so horrible. How's that?" He looks sideways at Cas.
"Okay, but you know I'm not like other children, Dean!"
with your own eyes. Dean never really considered how huge Cas would be in comparison to him, but — wow. Cas could literally squash him like a bug if he so pleased.
i think reading about his traumatic experience is a traumatic experience
"Well, yes, it is, but— you know what, nevermind, we'll have that talk later," she sighs and drops back to sit on the windowsill again. "Right now I need you to sit down and give me your phone. We're making you a twitter account."
“I’m still going to be here when you finish. And then we can cuddle as much as you like.”
From the moment they’d bumped into each other, Dean had been unable to forget the student ambassador with the blue eyes, the funny name and the god damn beautiful voice. He’d been unable to jerk off to anything but the mental image of the guy for weeks after that. He had been adamant that he would see the guy again around college; he would be able to give him a proper introduction, and maybe even get a chance to invite him on a date – or at the very least give this guy his number.
“Okay,” Gabriel started once the door was closed behind them. “What the hell happened?”
“Today?” Cas asked, actually looking up from his mug of coffee with a look of surprise and confusion.
Despite being in pain, he was smiling from ear-to-ear. He took a deep breath, and Castiel knew that the man was having problems with his broken ribs which were no doubt making it hard for him to breath properly. When he spoke, his voice was shaky and slow.
“Dean,” John started, voice gruff and frim.
“No idea kid,” Benny shook his head and then started walking towards the kitchen area. “But you could always do me a favour and wake him up; that’ll get him back for the time he decided to blare ACDC on full blast at 8am last week.”
“I think that’s you’ll find it’s your period, Dean.”
“And who are you?”
Castiel found himself smiling at the mini speech, feeling grateful for Dean in that one second. Dean was old enough to dictate his own care, and even if his father complained and demanded another take over Dean’s care, if Dean was capable to make that decision himself (which he was) his say would automatically override his fathers.
“Son of a bitch!”
“At 5.30?” Dean asked, voice muffled from where his cheek was pressed against the mattress. Cas noticed his partner failed to keep his eyes open.
a. you have any suggestions re: what tiktok/tweet should jack make
"So, Jack, how do you feel?" Kaia smiles at him warmly. Jack turns to look at himself in the mirror again and smiles, too.
She opens her hand and shows it to Claire. Claire claps once in excitement.
#justmakesense
Someone walks into the shot. Camera only catches them from the waist down. They're wearing a lilac nightgown.
It's the first time they're going to celebrate Christmas properly. The last one with Mrs. Butters notwithstanding, they've never had so many guests before, and this time there is no apocalyptic scenario to fight against. Jack is very excited by the idea of celebrating together and giving each other gifts. He wants to make everyone else as happy as he is about spending the holidays together.
A war room. It's fully functional except for the map in the middle. That only works if Mrs. Butters is here, but she left us to go live in the woods. I miss her smoothies even though she intentionally poisoned me. They were that good!
Jack is still frowning, but he complies and goes to sit down next to Claire. She immediately snatches his phone and shoves her socked feet under his thigh. "What's twitter?"
who did not reciprocate
Jack grins at that, puts the box to the side and takes another small gift. He opens the flat box and looks in surprise at the buck knife as he pulls it out.
Dean puts his hands on his hips. The nightgown looks weirdly flattering on him like that. "Claire, come here."
Sam has hosted a hunter meeting a few days ago and, while most people have only stayed for a few hours, some have decided to spend the Christmas at the bunker. Charlie is here with Stevie, and Jody and the girls are, too. Eileen usually comes and goes, never staying at the bunker for too long. She still prefers to hunt alone or with her other hunter friends, but she does make sure to spend as many holidays with them as she can, and this time is not an exception.
"Oh. Alright, I'll try not to show your faces on camera."
like I'm doing this to hurt you? I mean, my emotions are... weird, at the moment, but there's nothing malicious coming off me, right?" Cas looks back at him. Still trippy, this is going to take a lot of time to get used to — that is, if he doesn't fuck this up and ruin whatever relationship they have forever. Cas is confused again.
Claire slaps him on the shoulder, then claps her hands and lets out an excited half-shout.
"I'm in charge today, though. Doesn't that make it my kitchen? I'm the chef!"
Jack takes a moment to think about how to answer. "Not really? But when I was with the girls, they pointed out how much my clothes resemble yours and Dean's. They encouraged me to look for my own style. I hope you don't mind?"
"Sammy's always been scared of clowns," Dean fake-whispers.
He smiles. ]
Cut to Jack standing in the cereal isle. Other than him and a lady picking wheats in the background, there's no one else there. He has a very serious look on his face.
CRONCH
Following
"Yeah," Jack smiles at her.
much. So many different things, different colors, different
likes
"But then why— this happened a long time ago, why didn't I feel you the same way back on Earth?"
? Because of
omg what if they film hunting together?? that would be so cool!!
Replying to @
Jack frowns. "Do they? That mannequin is wearing something very similar to what Patience let me try out. The clothes fit me well enough, and I don't think it made me a woman. I'm sure I would've noticed if something like that happened."
Dean thinks he needs to sit down right now, and he's already sitting down. Cas was
"Yeah? And what happened to the whole "i gripped you tight" shtick?" And the annoyance is back. Dean thinks about what a miracle it is, that Cas loves him so much, when he's apparently just annoyed with Dean eighty percent of the time.
Claire perks up at that and looks up from her phone. "Hey, why don't you try something on? You like it, right?"
"I do, Dean, of course I do. In any way you would let me. It's just that it's different, now. You see, I was falling, Dean. For a long time. You remember, how my powers were fading? It was nothing but my own fault. I always— I always loved you, Dean, from the moment I touched your soul, but that was... well, in the beginning, I was a divine being, fascinated by your existence — by your soul. But as time passed, I— it wasn't just your soul I started looking at. I was still fascinated, still adored you, but I— just existing in the presence of your soul was not enough for me, anymore. I began to crave your touch, your body. It could be argued, I suppose, that after losing my grace, gaining it back, dying a few times, it would make sense for my grace to be weak, but— I was made a warrior. Injuries of all kinds were expected and easily treated, but this— I gave in to lust, Dean, and my fall has truly begun. At the very end there, I think in another few weeks — months, if I got lucky, — I would've become completely human. But Jack, after rescuing me from the empty, he mended my grace, restored my full powers. It's— well, it all doesn't really matter anyway, now. You're here, I am here, too. I have no need of a vessel, and there's no way for me to really change my form, unfortunately."
b. you noticed any errors/typos.
Joined: august 2012
"Yeah! Absolutely! The theories about what's really going on with you keep popping up every day!" Charlie is waving her hands around excitedly as she says that. Some piece of decoration shines in her hand.
b. you noticed any errors/typos.
a. you have any suggestions re: what tiktok should jack make
Sam, Dean and Cas all sound solemn as they say that.
[Jack is sitting behind the wheel of the impala. The car is stationary and he's alone. Outside the car is an empty road, there's a diner off to the side. The sky is grey. It looks like the middle of nowhere.
Following
you can reach me
"Yeah, and
istg im gonna delete this app
"You really want one?" Claire is looking at him now, surprised, her bad mood seemingly forgotten.
[ "Okay, next, Jody," the woman sitting next to Stevie groans at Dean's words.
Before Jack can say anything, Cas answers from behind the camera. "Well, Dean, it might surprise you, but not everyone is allergic to anything green the way you are."
Jack is confused. "But why?"
Jack grins and does a twirl, letting the skirt flow wide around his legs. "Thank you, Dean."
Jack proceeds to choose more cereal.
ok but that person saying the bath story happened in their town had me google and it's true. although it was really hard to find info on this. im starting to believe this shit, too
oh absolutely. in fact, this is the most fun i've ever had
"Claire, Charlie, say hello!"
An interdimensional telescope that doesn't work.
"Satisfactory," Cas says, not looking back at Dean but down at Miracle. She's sitting in front of him, tail wagging. He gently pats her head and ears.
"Alright," Dean's voice sounds very close to the camera. Either he's the one holding the camera or it's someone next to him. "Most interesting monster you fought and or best hunt of the year. Charlie, go," a hand appears in the corner of the shot, pointing in the direction of Charlie. The fingers of the hand are intertwined with someone else's.
my sister Claire helped me make this! #literallymylife
"Well, no. But I'm the one in charge of shopping right now, so you can't stop me from buying it."
"Oh," Dean's voice sounds faint, but not far away. "Do you— do you really think that's necessary?"
gesture, something Dean knows and recognises, it makes his heart clench.
They both turn around. Claire rolls her eyes at the camera and goes back to looking down in concentration. Charlie smiles, looks above the camera.
Jack smiles at the exchange, then looks back at the camera, as if he forgot it was there for a moment. He doesn't say anything more, just grins and waves.
eat you — neither of which is something Dean wants, thank you very much. Although, there was Benny, of course, but that was— irrelevant, at the moment, because here he is, presented with all of his wildest dreams wrapped in one — and this is
Jack drives, eats sweets, creates a twitter account and doesn't drop any plates.
"Well—"
#literallymylife
"Yes, I can and I will! I gave you a gun on your
— Cas' mood turns extremely bitter, suddenly. Dean looks back up at him as Cas turns away.
this did not go 0 to 100 this started out at 9000
likes
"What do you mean, Dean?" Cas sounds kind of— kind if scary, as if, if Dean gives the wrong answer here, he'll have to face some sort of punishment, or something. And Dean— Dean just thinks it's super hot, what the fuck is wrong with him? Yeah, it's one thing to be excited by a scary sexy lady, but this— this is supposed to be a completely different level of scary. But his dick doesn't agree, apparently. As much as he wishes to go straight to divine retribution though, he has to clear this all up first.
enough to me," Cas looks away from Dean again — he seems nervous.
i dont know if it is but i am INVESTED
"Well, I just...What did— what did you really mean, back then? When you told me, you know," Dean really wants to end it there but, fuck, he's already dead, why is he being such a coward about this? Sharing his feelings isn't scary (this isn't like with dad). What would Cas do, eat him? For a moment, Dean actually imagines being engulfed by— wait, no, that mental image needs to leave, now! Before he makes them both even more uncomfortable. What was he talking about? Right. "When you told me you love me, what did you mean, exactly?" Dean looks into Cas' eyes. Well, he can only do it with a few of them, but it counts. Cas looks back. Dean doesn't think a single eye has
Following
"Yeah, I guess... I guess not, huh?" Dean sounds slightly choked up. Charlie loses her smile, gives the hearts to Claire and goes behind the camera. There's a ruffling noise and a dull clap. Claire looks at the camera, cups a hand on one side of her lips and mouths silently:
There's a choking noise from the left of camera. A woman on the left side of the shot turns to the sound. She signs as she speaks.
like. Cas is still Cas, of course, with or without a vessel, and it was never really about the looks for Dean, anyway (that's a lie, he did find Cas' vessel hot, but it was still more because of who's
, Cas. I don't think I
virgin Mary? Jesus was Gabe's son? Shit, Jesus was a
(See the end of the chapter for
idolise mediocre pussy? i dont have any kittens. i have a dog, though! her name is Miracle, but she's not mediocre, she's extraordinary!
Silence hangs for a few seconds. Jack fidgets in his seat a bit.
serious question: could your dads adopt me? your family seems like so much fun
"Well, Dean, maybe—"
i love sugar. god.
retweets
"Yeah—" Sam's voice is hoarse and faint. "Yeah, I'm fine, Eileen, thanks."
"There. You know, soul sex and all that spiritual stuff is nice and all, but this— I still understand nothin' about how matter and energy and whatever interact here, but this right here feels physical enough to me,
"I think dad bought something sweet, too! I gotta go now, bye!" ]
"Okay, so, to sum up the relevant info: I can feel your emotions, because a part of you is now a part of me, and because there are less barriers between my soul and your grace here in heaven. Correct?" Cas rolls his eyes at that — all of them. Dean can't stop paying attention to how surreal it is, with the amount of eyes Cas has.
"Chuck, yeah. The bastard."
"It's just. Okay, let's try from this angle — what stood out to me, when I thought about it later, is how you said that there's something you can't have. What did you mean?" Dean gets an impression of one of Cas' emotions again, and it seems Dean has upset him, somehow. Cas' wings pull themselves closer to his body, in a gesture that is guarded and protective, and Dean can't help but think about what it would feel like, to be held,
2. jack whining about being god and in charge in the kitchen is the fault of
what if he's just a bored rich kid? tiktok is full of them. at least this one has some imagination
"Oh, hey! Are you filming for your tiktok?"
"That is
okay but I WANT TO HEAR THE PENNYWISE STORY!! bev is that you
"What's the matter, Dean?"
Coordinator of volunteers for wildlife control.
"Of course, Dean, thank you for your concern."
"Apples!" Dean exclaims and points the knife victoriously at the camera. "I like green apples, so take that!"
likes
former god is current god's grandfather?????? my brain is too small for this imma wait for smart ppl to explain this in a tumblr post
Claire rolls her eyes, "Quit it, you two. My turn," she leans forward in her seat a bit. "Hands down, my best kill this year is Pennywise."
, this isn't just some porn fantasy — this is a whole person, someone who
"Do you really think so, Dean?" Jack knows he sounds hesitant, but he can't help it. Dean's opinion always mattered to him a lot.
[ Claire and Charlie are almost falling over eachother laughing instead of decorating the tree with Christmas baubles. When they finally stop, Claire sighs dramatically.
"Oh, it stands for alternate reality game. It's like— the evolution of video games, you know? The concept is similar but everything happens in real time and real life. So yeah, a lot of people think you're a character in an ARG." ]
likes
"Oh, really? And is cereal the secret ingredient?"
I wanted to post this chapter on christmas eve but it just kept writing itself!!! idk what happened its 5 am
"Yeah, can't wait for you to tell that to Sammy," amusement haven't left Dean from the start of the conversation and it keeps growing. Jack waves his hand dismissively.
im just here thinking how their family probably has The Straight cousin instead of gay one
Claire thinks some parts of tiktok are actually cool, Patience's patience is running thin and Jack finds out what "a look" means.
[ The tree is fully decorated. Claire and Charlie look at it proudly.
like if you're cas in this scenario
likes
y'all keep saying tv show this arg that but what if it's all legit? like, have you considered?
"Shut up, the gay side of tiktok is great," Claire's response is half-hearted, like it's a conversation they've had a lot of times before. She's already tapping something on her phone. "Okay, I'm not going to do anything fancy, just film you and you do whatever, okay? Like maybe wave and do a little twirl or something."
"Of course, kid. Anytime."
Camera shows Jack sitting in the bunker's library. He smiles at the camera and waves.
"Yeah, and I could've been even better if someone didn't distract me with incessant flirting," Stevie elbows Charlie slightly, but she's smiling, too. ]
Dean has his own house, here, too. It's more of a cabin, really, and it's— well, it's cozy, there's no other word for it. It stands at the edge of the woods, next to a huge lake. On the horizon are mountains that sun rises from every morning. You can actually make it any time of day you want, here, but Dean likes to keep up this small routine of normalcy. Plus, he always enjoyed witnessing the sun raise and set. It's a beautiful sight. Always makes him feel calm, grounded. Proof that he survived another day — an ironic thought, now that he's dead.
deserves to finally
the time.
"Jack, get it off my shirt!" Dean, pissed.
"Dean, you already have me. Forever, in any way you want me," tears finally spill down Dean's face at that, even though he tried with all his might to hold them back. He quickly wipes them away with his sleeve and stands, so that he's even closer to Cas's faces.
Followers
"Father, yes."
like arousal, there? Dean isn't sure how it works, and he's not going to question it, either.
thank you for reading, i hope you enjoyed!
you, in any way and for as long as you let me have you," it is probably the most emotionally open Dean has ever been, but he thinks Cas deserves to hear this.
"But it's not a— a shtick. It's just who I am."
he looks so soft? and floofy? how are you real
feelings," and it's Cas' turn to be confused again. His eyes narrow, and this time, his two other heads turn to face Dean more fully, too. It still gives Dean whiplash — or maybe it's all the light. Dean doesn't think his eyes have fully adjusted to the brightness, yet.
clip (if the link doesn't open with the timestamp it's 1:06)
thank you for reading, i hope you enjoyed!
please leave a comment if:
And the fact that this— this eldritch horror, this mass of light and energy, eyes and wings and limbs and whatever else — knowing that it's here, with Dean, that something so
"Dean, did you make me clean your shirt from batter only so you could use it as a napkin later?" Jack sounds genuinely confused.
"I think, you can feel some of my emotions because... a part of my grace has been fused with your soul, and now that it's so close to... me, to the main part of itself — it can pick up and translate some of itself to you? Although I'm not entirely sure — this isn't precedented, unfortunately," even as there's uncertainty in his voice and words, Dean also feels that Cas is... pleased? Yep, he's definitely pleased with himself. Dean wonders what that means. Is it just Cas being smug about solving a riddle? Or— yeah, no, he's going to leave all thoughts about possessive angels laying a claim on him for
As soon as they get back to the bunker Jack goes to his room to try and make a "look" out of his new clothes. He chooses a white long-sleeved shirt and a knee-length flowy blue denim skirt. He leaves white socks on, but changes his velcro shoes for white sneakers that he ties with new rainbow laces, and goes to the library.
i literally want you to crunch on my bones like that
There's an awkward pause as everyone turns to look at him. Then Dean clears his throat and speaks.
likes
"Yes, it is, because I have over thirty five years of experience with knives, and even then I still started practicing when i was older than you."
Whirlwind of emotions Dean experienced the moment Bobby mentioned that Cas is here, too, is — it was a lot. He was relieved, happy, nervous, scared. His first instinct was to avoid Cas at all costs, actually, now that Dean knew Cas is fine and doing his own thing.
"Anyway! Let's make the cake first! And then I will make the pasta while it's in the oven!"
[Jack stands in front of a camera. The background is an average teen's room. Jack is wearing a yellow sweater with little bees on it, a white pleated skirt that ends just above his knees, white crew socks and white velcro shoes. His hair is very fluffy, and he may or may not be wearing some blush. He bops his head to the music and holds his hands up, as if in an exaggerated shrug. He wiggles his shoulders to the beat. The caption on the screen:
. Dean always knew Cas was all big and strong — and he didn't lose any of his strength while being in a vessel, but. The sheer size of his true form — it's one thing to know something, theoretically, and another completely to actually
"Yeah, Dean, Claire's great, and we get along so well!"
, and Dean— Dean isn't sure how to feel about that.
Jack looks thoughtful. He seems a little upset. "You know, I never thought about it in these terms, but I just realized that my grandfather killed me."
Joined: just now
"Huh, actually—" Sam kicks him under the table. "I mean! Of course — of course you look great, Jack!"
i mean at least he seems happy now. and he can play lego with his kid that's wholesome((
"Hey, hey! Come on, guys, it's Christmas! I think all the roots just add to the atmosphere, you know? The holiday spirit!" Jack looks gratefully at Charlie. He didn't think the tree could be a problem. He just wants to make this Christmas good for everyone.
“And say what? I missed? Babe; my aim is the best. There would be serious questions asked if I hadn’t shot you!”
“Are – my – test – results – back?”
“10.30,” Dean corrected him, walking around the kitchen island to press a kiss to Cas’ temple. “Damn, what would you do without me?”
Once Cas was sat opposite Dean at his large desk, he felt better. At least this way, his knees couldn’t give way beneath him. God damn it, why was he acting like a love-stuck teenager who had only just met Dean for the first time today.
He groaned in annoyance (his arousal suddenly evaporated), as red and blue lights lit up the inside of his car. This is just what he needed!
“You sure babe?” Dean asked, playfully accusing as he ran a hand down Cas’ arm as the man approached him.
“Mmmm,” Dean hummed as they pulled apart. “I can still taste the cherry pie from last night!” He smirked and winked and it made Cas blush deep red. Dean chuckled, and went to say something else, but his radio cut across them.
Dean wouldn’t admit it to anyone, but he was a sucker for cuddles.
“Don’t apologise,” Dean soothed. “It’s an easy mistake to make.”
and his brother stormed out.
“Cassie, Winchester is due a sponge bath. I’ve assigned that job to you.”
Sam did feel sorry for his brother. He ripped the sheets off the bed and made his way to the laundry room, hearing the shower switch on as he went past.
“S’not fair,” Dean sniffed in complaint. “Just wanna cuddle.”
!” Cas spat, voice so heavy with sarcasm that Dean felt like he was drowning in it. “Cracked a new deal with a neighbouring gang, managed to recruit some new members, killed a few others; oh, and I WAS FUCKING SHOT BY MY HUSBAND!”
“I didn’t
This was so embarrassing!
When Castiel started breathing faster again, and turned his back to the man, Gabriel had his answer.
“You’d like pie for breakfast too, wouldn’t you angel?” Dean mumbled, more to himself than anything. It was true that their daughter had a real taste for pie, probably more so than Dean; if that was even possible. Dean loved afternoon’s when it was just the two of them and he could sit her in her highchair with a dusting of flour and wooden spoon to play with, as well as some apple slices while he baked pie after pie, talking her carefully through each instruction; Dean was going to have her be a master-pie-baker by two, that was his plan!
“Why don’t you show me how much you want this job?” Dean suggested. Cas’ hands reached up, but Dean stopped them with his own. “Take your time; this could be the deciding factor.”
“Cas,” Dean whined, sounding very child-like.
“Daddy missed you baby,” Cas hushed, relishing in the feeling of Dean’s hips riding up and pressing into his.
“Pie!” Dean called after him.
“So glad to see you man,” Sam greeted getting off the bed to bring him into a hug.
over and over again, heartbeat speeding up and breath becoming short as he let Cas take the reins.
An almost visible weight lifted off Dean’s shoulders at that admission.
She paused for a minute, smiling at ‘Mr Winchester’s’ response, before nodding.
“Good boy,” Cas praised when Dean went pliant beneath him, once again. He rewarded the man with a sharp bite, but not hard enough to draw blood.
“He wanted test-results! Test-results!”
“Castiel,” Gabriel warned. “You are not making much sense here. I cannot help you until you tell me what the hell just happened.”
“Good. Shall we say 11? At Nancy’s?”
Sam was out rightly ogling his brother still. Dean wasn’t looking up from where his face was hidden in the crook of his elbow.
Benny smirked, understanding what was going on here. He knew how secret Dean kept his sexuality from his family. But Benny wasn’t sensing anything but pure surprise from the youngster in front of him.
~TEST RESULTS~
“You haven’t been very organised lately, and it’s been making you slack in all departments!”
“Oh, work was
“Love you too!” Cas replied, sighing once the front door slammed shut and the sound of Dean’s beloved Impala drifted into the distance.
“Are you crazy?” Castiel demanded to know when his brother informed him of this the next morning.
As if to show his brother what he meant, he took the folded piece of paper back out his pocket and started to rip it into tiny pieces. He let the wind blow them all away.
Cas heaved angrily a few times before calming down. It was obvious that he had finally finished his mini rant.
Dean groaned at the dull throb around his hip, moving slowly and gingerly to push himself into a seated position. He was aware of Sammy calling his name, but Dean was too concerned with the kid he’d bumped into. Dean glanced over to him and was blinded by a god-awful yellow polo. It was a student ambassador.
“If you become your Daddy’s Princess sometimes, that’s fine. Who am I to judge? You’re my brother; and I love you. No matter what,
Castiel went on to prepare himself, slipping disposable gloves onto his hands as he explained what he was here to do.
“I’m sorry,” Dean breathed, clutching the Tupperware box tightly in his hands. “I really am, babe. I just… you shot my highest-ranking officer! What was I supposed to do?”
Dean licked his lips, trying to rack his brain and think about just how he could get out of this.
“Thanks Meg,” He replied, and he was sure that he had heard Meg mumbling something about him not needing it, but he couldn’t be certain.
“Correct,” Cas praised with a small smile. “And why’s that?”
“Yeah, whatever,” Dean grumbled, walking down the stairs at a much slower pace than Sam.
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother’s trademark curse. Turning his head towards the bathroom door, Sam waited, counting backwards from three.
“The boys will be lining up from here to Timbuktu to try and take our daughters hand,” Cas explained. “One day, my love, she’ll let go of your hand and walk into the arms of another.”
Dean turned his attention on Castiel and smirked.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, not pausing in his task, placing one gun down and picking up another. He handled them as if they were precious items and gave them as much attention as one would a new born baby, making sure every nook and cranny was cleaned and looked after before declaring it ready to go.
~FORBIDDEN~
Claire laughed, but snuggled closer to her Daddy.
“Of course,” The woman smiled kindly, but at the same time another voice cut across her.
Dean smirked, and it was the first time that he had let his ‘cover’ slip.
“Yes Sam?” Cas asked kindly, putting down his fork and giving the younger Winchester his full attention. He knew what Sam was going to ask, and he didn’t mind; it couldn’t be as bad as some of the things Dean had come out with recently.
“Yes please,” Dean nodded with a mini salute. “Add an extra slice of pie!” He called after Castiel’s retreating form.
Cas came to a stop next to Dean, his heart beating fast. He had no idea what to expect. And then Dean let his legs fall open slightly, leaving a Cas sized shape between his thighs.
Dean shifted awake slightly when he heard the quiet alarm go off. It stopped almost as soon as it had started, but it had still been enough to stir him.
close underneath the blanket. Both of them were bare chested, and they had been slotted against each other too intimately to be considered even slightly platonic.
“Oh, come on Cas,” Dean grumbled in displeasure, eagerly trying to slide their lips back together again. “I don’t want to talk about how much freaking
Sam smirked, feeling the adrenaline starting to pump through him and the need for mischief alight in his eyes. He took a deep breath, flicked on the light and screamed.
be sharing this moment with the class thank you very much.
“And we will. I promise. It won’t take you long to get this done Dean,” Cas encouraged. “You’re too smart for your own damn good and you’re going to make a fabulous Doctor someday. I don’t want my presence to cause you to fall lax though.”
Castiel ran. He rushed to where he hoped his brother was still working.
“Dude,” Dean prompted, trying to get a reaction out of his brother.
“I’m going to order,” He explained. “Usual?”
“Right,” Dean laughed, almost nervously, typing furiously away at the laptop again.
“No Dad,” Dean’s voice was still slow and careful, but he removed the oxygen-mask, so everyone could hear him better. (Castiel had to make sure he was focusing on what was happening in the room right now, and not what had happened this time yesterday!).
“Oh, I dunno,” Dean brushed off. “Last I heard, he was busy in Illinois with a vamp nest.”
Dean, who realised that Sam was letting him have this, jumped up.
Dean was surprised. Sam wasn’t making any fuss over the fact that he’d basically just found out that his brother was fucking their best friend; Dean thought he was going to have a field day with that information. Instead, he get’s scolded for not writing a to-do list correctly.
“Have a good day, baby!” Cas called after him.
“Look, just start of small okay?” He suggested, looking round the kitchen to think of something. “Make a list or something? A shopping list? We need to do a food run, so a shopping list would be good!”
It was that look; that look did things to him. It made Dean’s breath catch in his throat, his heartrate accelerate and all the blood rush to his groin. He found himself softly licking his lips, and teasingly, solely grazing his teeth over the plush wet surface as he lost himself in the angel’s stare.
“I think we met once. On Dean’s very first day, 3 years ago?” Cas explained.
“Hey kid,” Benny greeted, voice a little gruffer than usual. “Wasn’t expecting to see ya this weekend.”
good,” Castiel agreed.
The room was almost pitch-black, only a slighter of the gorgeous sunny morning light getting into the room via the gap at the top of the curtains. Sam could just about make out Dean’s unusually tidy room, a huge pile of comics beside the bed and a Dean shaped lump buried underneath the blankets, snoring softly.
“Occupational hazard!” Dean declared, arms going wide.
“Marital status?” Dean asked, after having typed some more on the laptop.
Dean laughed slightly, comfortingly.
“No, don’t hide it!” Dean complained, only half-jokingly. “Such a pretty ass should never be hidden!”
~FORBIDDEN~
floor.
“As enticing as that sounds,” Cas started pulling on his running gear. “I really can’t. I’ve got to get to the office this morning and do a couple things before Gabe gets in.”
Gabriel sighed, before stepping back slightly and taking on a more professional look.
“One of these day’s Benny,” Dean grumbled, more to himself as he made his way to the door. “You’re going to forget your keys and I’m going to be out or visiting home and then what are you going to…” Dean paused as he opened the door and realised that actually, it
Cas jerked at the sudden touch; Dean could hear his heartbeat skyrocket at the abrupt wake-up, and the almost panicked look on his face had Dean feeling really guilty for accidentally waking him. He instantly when he realised it was only Dean.
Dean could feel the sweat on his brow. He could feel the hairs standing up at the nape of his neck. He could feel his heart beating rapidly in fear. He could feel the pressure of his fellow police officers and knew they wanted him to shoot. Meg personally, kept uttering into his ear, pushing him to pull the trigger.
So, he approached the man and gently pulled back the covers. Both legs were tightly secured in casts, and Castiel was so, so careful not to jostle the man (especially when he was clearly in so much pain at the moment) as he lifted the man’s hospital gown.
He had no idea what they were going to do. How long were they going to be stuck like this? Was it one of those spells you could break? Or would they just have to wait till it wore off? How long was it going to take? Surely there was something they could do?
“Look,” Sam started again, putting down the knife he’d been using to butter bread. “When I was at the store, I brought some other stuff, to help.”
Dean watched in confusion as Cas untangled himself from the bed and pulled his underwear on.
Dean picked up the pen and started writing quickly on the notepad. He spoke to himself as he wrote.
“I’m sorry for colliding with you.”
“We eloped Charlie,” Dean grunted in frustration, mainly because Charlie already knew this, but also because Dean didn’t want to currently be here, hunting down his husband right now. “You know my Father wouldn’t approve of my choice of lover!”
~IT GOES LIKE THIS~
“The Mob Boss and the Chief of Police,” She stated. “Who would have thought?”
He closed his eyes and prayed.
“Address.”
Sam rolled his eyes.
Dean gulped when he saw Cas collect his gun off the coffee table.
Nancy’s Place was a nice, small, local café. It was the perfect pick for a late brunch date. It was just down the street, and Nancy made a mean pecan pie!
Cas flipped Dean the finger, which earned a laugh from the other man. Cas decided to stalk moodily past his husband, heading straight towards the brewing coffee. He poured himself a large mug of the steaming, black goodness and turned to sit at the kitchen island too. He sat down and took a few, long sips of the hot coffee, letting it settle inside him and willing it to wake him up a bit more.
“I’m sorry Dean,” John apologised, sounding anything but. “But I can’t stand for this.”
Sam smiles at him. "It really suits you."
Dean looks on as his eyes start to finally, finally adjust, excruciatingly slowly. All the light starts to take shape, and it looks like so many things at once. First thing that becomes clear is — it's wings. Wings all over the place, of different shapes and sizes, shining like a rainbow colored light show. Then — limbs, vaguely humanoid, but all different, too. Some of them would not look off on various animals, probably. Rings of what looks to be just pure light (or is it fire?) rotate in a sphere around the whole of— it. There are several heads, too, but Dean can't figure out what they are no matter how hard he tries. The whole thing is just. It's barely comprehensible. Even with all Dean's effort he seems to only be able to catch glimpses of the truth of what's standing before him.
Shit. Now Dean feels both horny and like he's about to cry. At least Cas doesn't seem to notice his out of place arousal.
"Let's go, lesbians!" - my sister
oh come on these must be actors. how did they manage to stay so serious?? angel??? (camera guy doesn't count lmao)
p-permission to simp, sir? 😳
"I mean— I guess, yeah. Yeah, why the hell not, kid. We can share it."
Claire doesn't looks impressed. "Well, Dean, you gave me a gun, remember? You don't really have a leg to stand on here. You can't judge me."
It's just— everything about Cas is— it's hard to put into words. It's the emotional aspect, of course, of being so small and insignificant yet feeling important, feeling seen by something so
[ On the counter are a giant pot filled with creamy spaghetti and a chocolate cake that looks slightly crooked but still delicious.
People on twitter, please stop bullying my sister. You're upsetting her.
Discussing knives, guns, and other blow dryers.
this guy really goes from "i am god. look at the huge pentagram we have in our sex dungeon" to "my dads don't allow me to eat sweets and use my phone in the car" WHERE IS THE LIE
. There's feathers, and fur, and scales, and something shiny, almost metallic, and something that looks like floating liquid — Dean has a fleeting thought about waterbending. And Dean just wants to
HSGSGSHDJDDHSSJKDJSHSHSS
b. you noticed any errors/typos.
to realise and admit his feelings for Cas back on Earth, but a single look at his true form here was enough for Dean to be ready to climb him. He wonders, for a moment, if it's breaks heaven's etiquette, to ask your eldritch horror boyfriend to punch your dad in the face.
"Firstly, I understood that reference. Secondly, this is a very serious matter, but — if you insist on food metaphors — it's more like a lasagna. Different layers stacked upon each other, all of them different, all of them separated, but together they make a whole. And, back to your original question, the way matter and energy interact is different here and on Earth. There, souls are restricted by their physical vessels — they don't interact with matter in any direct way, unlike in heaven, where a soul is the only physical manifestation of itself. And human souls are incredibly powerful. In heaven, they are easily capable of manipulating matter and energy surrounding them. The only exceptions to that are other souls and different such powerful phenomena — angels, for example," Dean's head feels like it's about to explode with all of that information. He also thinks that it's very sexy of Cas to show off his divine knowledge like that, but—
Then Dean feels it — doesn't hear it, not in any conventional way, but feels it. Cas' voice. It's everywhere around him and inside him at the same time. Dean can't tell if it's high or low — it feels like everything at once, kind of an echo effect, but not really. Everything about Cas is
Jack smiles at that and nods. "Good."
how does him being three make any sense dhdhhd what is this.THE MYSTERIES KEEP PILING UP!!
Jack posts his first tiktoks, goes shopping with Sam and puts people from tiktok in a state of cognitive dissonance.
"I don't think giving him my clothes was part of that job's description," Patience looks at Claire sceptically, then sighs and looks at the ceiling, "
"Oh yeah? What are you gonna do about it, punish me?" Dean wants to slap himself the instant the words leave his mouth. Why can't he be a normal person for once and
I like insects far better than angels
Jack looks back at the pine. Snow has already started melting, sliding off the branches and ending up on the floor with a quiet slapping sound. "Oh, of course."
"Just, you sure you want to go there? It's a place that only sells women's clothing."
imagine if your dads had a sex dungeon but told you it's just a storage room
likes
you can reach me
also username generator got repetitive so i slapped whatever came to mind as ppls usernames. you might exhale a little harder from your nose than usual if you pay attention to them
Followers
He found out a lot of new things, surprisingly. For example, Charlie and Jo got together, even though they've never met each other in life. Dean thinks it's weird, at first, that you can actually make new connections in the afterlife. Heaven in the form of reliving your best memories makes a lot more sense to him, if he's being honest. The way it is now — Dean's not complaining, of course, but it confuses him. It's almost the same as living, except it's also nothing like living. Things, whole places just... appear, out of thin air, prompted by thought. The only factor you can't control are the people around you, but there are not a lot of conflicts, anyway, because everyone he's seen so far is happy and content.
THE REPRESENTATION WE DESERVE
Jack's wrist is still held by Cas. He narrows his eyes, looks first in the direction of Cas, then behind the camera. Suddenly, he disappears. There's a weird loud noise — like a pop and a flop. A dog starts yipping.
He's staying with Jody and the girls for the weekend. Alex is on a shift at the hospital, but him, Claire and Kaia are all in Patience's room, helping her sort out her wardrobe. Well, the girls are the ones helping, Jack is just watching the proceedings with great interest.
by them, preferably while one of Cas'— Dean really wants to punch himself. Right now is
"What? What happened, Cas? What upset you, just now?"
we get some answers we have more questions
Dean has been in heaven for a while. He's not sure for how long, but he doesn't think time matters here anyway. He already visited most of his family and friends, even some acquaintances he made during life.
Sam looks up from his tablet, eyebrows raised. "Uh, sure? Is there anything in particular you want?"
Someone whistles behind from behind the camera. It's probably Dean.
"As you can see, yes."
"Okay, yeah, nope— Cas! Come hold the camera," there's some shuffling, the camera shakes a bit. Jack is standing still, frowning.
no!! but it's like i can't put my finger on it
is no one gonna mention dean's grandpa nightgown tho?? and he still looks hot lmfao
"I... do not understand what you're asking. I thought I was making myself very clear," Cas seems genuinely confused, and he tilts his front head to the side slightly. And that— that's such an authentic
Replying to @
"Dean," is said softly, but that makes it sound all the more threatening.
jack, YOUR MIND!!1
"Well, it's a good thing I have
FACE REVEAL WHENNNN
"Why did you decide it would be a good idea to give Jack a knife?"
Cas gets interrupted by Dean, who's gesticulating widely with his hands as he speaks. "No, Cas. No knives for Jack in the next few years. I will
Dean lifts the hem of his shirt to wipe his face, flashing his abdomen to the camera in the process.
i wish i had such an accepting family
"Well, Earth and Heaven exist on different planes of reality. They are parts of the same universe and dimension, but it's like— different layers of the same thing." Dean can't help but smile at that.
The only ones he hasn't seen yet are his parents and— Cas.
"Yeah, next thing you tell me the universe is like an onion," Cas' expression doesn't really change — with the way he looks there's not much
He hasn't prayed to Cas since he came to heaven, but he thinks it's time. If Dean keeps on thinking about this on his own he'll just get more and more confused, most likely. And when was he ever a feelings expert, anyway?
i think cas the angel is like a fictional character???
don't yall ever wish you had a housewife like dean tho *sad clown emoji* 12-23
"And it's done!" Jack sounds very excited from behind the camera. He moves the phone around the pasta, then the cake, showing them up close and from all sides. Indistinct conversation is going on in the background. Then, choking. Jack lifts the camera so that two men's torsos are in the shot. One of them is coughing, the other is shaking with laughter. It doesn't sound like Dean, so the viewer can conclude he's the one choking. Cas pats Dean on the back lightly.
But what was it about, then, when Cas said that "he wants something he can't have"? What's that supposed to mean? And Dean would've noticed the weird words if he wasn't so confused, in the moment, when the only thing on his mind was the fact that they're about to die, that Cas' resigned tone and expression could only mean the stupid son of a bitch was about to try and pull some self-sacrifice bullshit — again. Excuse Dean for not paying enough attention to his words.
"Hey, Cas? I'm not sure if I actually said it yet, but— I love you. I have loved you for a very long time, I think, although it took me a while to figure myself out, and then to stop lying to myself about it. But I just. I loved you then. I love you now. I love you and I— I
just look at him being so excited about sweets i cant.
"Dean," it's Jody who finally speaks. "That's
Charlie's smile widens. "Dude! You're like, properly internet famous already."
"I'm not sure, Dean..." and Dean feels very stupid,
Following
been looking at him the whole time, and the thought of that—
please leave a comment if:
ok this one has a few references/inspirations
"I did. And what about it?" Claire's voice sounds far away.
"I— I meant I heard your apology, Dean, your forgiveness. There was nothing about..." And Dean feels so stupid, in that moment. He should've pushed, should've said it, anyway, just for the sake of
"There is— a way, in which an angel and a human could be intimate, that is more... spiritual, than anything. It is an act of absolute trust. A human soul and an angelic grace laying themselves bare in front of each other. Connecting into one whole for a single moment that would feel like an eternity. You would know all of me and I would know all of you — it is like experiencing the entirety of each other's lives in the span of second. Such bond, it— transcends space and time. I'm not sure if that— if that's something you would want, Dean," there is so much in that sentence that scares Dean, and again, not in a sexy way, so he chooses to focus on—
