Bruce frowned as he and the boys waited outside in the car, the others having gone inside around 40 minutes ago. His eyes, however, kept straying to the gate at the bottom of the driveway. He had a bad feeling in his gut about leaving it open, it was telling him that, at any moment a group of Deado’s could get in easily. If the group from earlier came back, they could be potentially overrun and killed in moments. The longer he sat there, the stronger the urge to close the gates got. After 20 minutes of waiting, the urge was unbearable. He was blaming Hulks instincts for this.
“We should turn it on, the longer we take to answer the worse things could be getting for Steve and whoever else they have taken. The world may have gone to shit, but we are all still the Super Hero’s that once protected the world. We can’t let this Francis intimidate us, not now.”
Taken back by Tony’s abruptness, Steve falters before pulling himself back together. “Ok, well how much food is there left? Do we need to make a run to another nearby farm? Or to the city?” There’s a pause as Tony thinks it over, mentally going over all that’s in stock back at the house.
“That and sex. Hey think we could get Tony to agree to some old fashioned movie troupe like sexy times? Me and you or just me in a tree with a scope? Watching him tease in a window, hell maybe you’re in there with him to tease me. Watching you two get it on while I can only watch-“
With a final glance at the note and pack on the table, the group leave. Steve pick up Peter so that they can move faster. Tony surprisingly not putting up a fuss when he did and nether did Peter, who had thankfully been quiet and obedient the entire time.
Tapping a finger on his cheek, Tony leans on his left hand as he sips his own drink, contemplating this.
Shoulders back, head high and weapons were drawn, the Avengers make their way up the stairs to the front doors. Mentally preparing themselves for what lays beyond.
“Yeah about that Stark” Clint put his chin in his hands leaning on the table, “Why bother with homework?”
A quick check and fiddling around with the boiler and Tony declared it working. Places this far out and this big usually ran on its own system. Hopefully, the water would last. At least long enough for them to make a working renewable system.
Rolling his eyes, Tony gestures to the kettle with the small pack of coffee next to it.  “As little as possible though, try to make it last for as long as we can”
Shrugging, Tony rests his head against the cool metal of the car frame at his back. “It was bound to happen sooner or later. I’m surprised it just happened so soon”
From the sunroom doors that lead to the inner main building, Natasha and Sam burst through, eyes lookin around almost frantically before spotting them all outside.
Angling his body to face her properly, Logan looks down at her as he crosses his arms, hardly impressed with her posturing.
The storm raging outside had even muted at the revelation Tony threw at him. The sub had been unnaturally fearful of his reactions, it was that fear that mostly kept Steve quiet. Inner turmoil buried for now.
“Er, doll- what are these?” Bucky holds up a weird rubber-like spiky ball. “Another explody device?”
Pulling back, Steve shakes his head at the group and motions for them to silently walk back. At a safe distance Bucky whispers to him, “What did it say?” “dead inside, lots of them” “Shit...” Grimacing the group back to the house.
Right then though, Tony could barely manage a wrinkled nose at it all. His mind playing back the Moment Wade had revealed the bite. His own mind torturing him over what ifs. What If they had brought the kids inside with them? Would this whole thing of been avoided?
“I’m going to stop you there Cap, now isn’t the time to talk. Unless its about the farm lets save any issues until later, alright?”
Climbing out quickly, Bucky uses the height advantage to leap as far out as possible. Landing in a roll on the other side, he’s never been so thankful in his life for the serum as he was right then. Standing up quickly he moves backward lashing out and taking the dead one after the other.
“Aye, the Avengers are a strong group, joining together we would be stronger. We have vehicles outside to move you all back to our place tonight if you wish to join us?”
“We have to, I can’t really leave him in here by himself while I show you guys around. So yes, he will be with us.” Next to him Peter cheered at that and beams before shovelling in the last of his eggs into his still mostly full mouth. “Ew, Petey! Swallow the first lot first! Honestly it’s like I raised an animal!”
The contact was broken as the water pipes spluttered for a moment, the water turning a bit colder before heating again. It was enough to cause Tony to jump, breaking the eye contact between them. After a brief pause, they both chuckled a bit. Tony’s head still floating a bit but not deeply.
“The hell Steve! You nearly gave me a heart attack!” Snarling, Tony shoves the chuckling Dom away and tried to get up but is held in place by Bucky’s stupid metal arm. “Let me up Terminator!”
“Peter!!” Turning, Tony ran as fast as his legs could carry him to a window facing the front drive. He was only Barely aware of Clint Running after him, the Walkie crackling as Steve’s voice comes over worried about the scream. Tony has no time to waste replying. He simply throws it over his shoulder at the Dom behind him as he frantically searches the ground below.
It’s been a week since the group left the farm, food has run low, the car has lost all fuel in the middle of nowhere. Being made to walk and find shelter where ever they can, one night they had to resort to using trees ton sleep in. Tempers are getting high due to the stress. But despite all these factors against them, they have managed to keep together. Barely there bridges of friendships building. Tony can now talk to each member with minimal snide comments, however his sarcasm is still intact, just not as malicious as had been before. Something Steve is grateful for.
“Take me to him.” Nodding Natasha leads the group to a complete house that must have been the show house. Going through the side door through a kitchen and locking it behind them, she leads them all through to the front room. The windows luckily have heavy black out curtains keeping them hidden from anyone outside. In the centre of the room on the floor is a man. Skin dark, hair buzzed short with a thin beard that just circles his mouth. His body is slightly muscular from what Steve can tell through the clothing he’s wearing. He looks to be just a bit shorter than he and Bucky and has a calm feel to him. His actual clothing looks tattered and its obvious he hasn’t been able to change his clothes in a while. The hem of his jeans are frayed and ripped, same for his left knee area. His shirt is stained so much you cant tell its original colour.
“He...I never told the father, didn’t think he would have wanted a part of this. Me and him didn’t part ways on good terms. I didn’t want to seem as though I was looking to trap or trying to gain attention...”
Again, they all worked together to get everyone inside, Loki and Bucky coming out to help as they had been watching through the windows, awaiting their arrival. Once inside, everyone seemed to let out a collective sigh of relief, no longer a moving target out in the open.
Panting hard, Clint ran as fast as he could. The more time ahead of the horde he had, the better everyone can hide. The safer they will all be. Dodging into the housing estate, he makes a beeline for the house first. Perhaps Tony and Bucky had already gotten back?
Pushing that thought away and placing it under a folder ‘last resort’ in his mind, he grabbed his pack while ignoring all the snarls and teeth clacking outside the car. Trying to ignore how much groaning the car is doing under the pressure all the dead are putting it under. Shifting through his pack he tried to see if there was anything useful in it he could use.
Stammering Tony could only stare at the brunette in front of him, completely unprepared for the amount of charm that oozed off the Dom. Even Steve next to him was coughing trying to hide how affected and surprised himself he was by Bucky’s admission.  Bucky had never mentioned that. Only that he would be open to including the smaller brunette.
“Right...” Frowning, Steve didn’t like the sound of that, “We will take shifts in the front room keep a look out, we will make sure its pitch dark before opening the blinds a bit. Best to have a look out in case” Looking at him for a long moment, Tony nods his consent to that.
“That Jack Frost Is a flashing bouncy ball “ Smirking, Tony herds the kids downstairs, Wade is carrying the dog that seems happy to go along.
So in a sense, there wasn’t any real bad blood between them, more awkwardness of not knowing how to act around the other. The awkwardness that comes from not seeing someone for so long and having no idea what to say. Like with Natasha, Tony could understand Bucky’s stance on things. He wasn’t ready to forgive the others who had recoiled from him almost violently but he could see himself forming tentative bridges with Bucky and Nat.
“Shit! That’s going to be hard to outrun, even with super speed.” Leaning over the edge of the truck, Tony watches the horde stumble into the trees, leaving only a few around the truck. Easier to get past and get rid off. “What do we do?” Tony looks at Clint in hope he may have a sudden bright idea.
“Is the house safe?” Peter piped up curled into Tony’s side, at that reminder Steve sat bolt upright again.
Wade unfortunately hadn’t had much to say about himself but he was quick to snark and sass him, Bucky loved it. Wade was very mature for his age as well. Able to stay quiet when needed to be, followed instructions well and was surprisingly good at tracking for his age. Bucky felt pride oddly swell up in his chest at how competent the kiddo was. However sadness also hovered at the back of his mind, he hates that kids are having to grow up so fast now. No longer would any child left in the world would know what a childhood filled with fun and games was like.
Mentally, Tony mulled over this for a few moments, did he want to shower with Bucky? Oh god yes. However, was he ready to? It hasn’t been long that they had talked about being a three-way back at the last house, after the talk they have shared the same room but not slept on the same bed. The dom’s had seemed content to move at a slow pace for Tony. Letting him control the situation for now, which Tony was very grateful for actually.
Many had seen sub service actions beneath them and purely a Sub trait, Tony had only heard of Dom’s willing to serve their Sub’s in articles online or in rumours.
Pretty soon they were walking through residential area, quietly they made their through. Ducking behind cars to avoid any singular Deado. Not wanting to be slowed down or possibly attract any others hiding in the area. The search was going painstakingly slowly as they checked any house they think Thor may have taken residence in. Turned to be a lot of potential houses.
Making sure that he has his knife on him Bucky kneels on the seat to open the sky light roof window, thankful for the raised car putting the roof out of reach. Lighting the flares he throws them in three different directions, drawing away several on the outskirts of the group making it less for him to fight through.
“Winter special over here! Come on assholes, lets play tag for a bit huh?” Baring his teeth at the horde he continues to slowly lead the group away making sure to make a lot of noise to draw away as many as possible. He has to give the kid as best a chance as he can.
hey! i'm thinking of adding in Wade wilson,  but young, around 8/9 ish, would that be sonething people would like to see? if so any suggestions on how to bring him in, i have a few ideas but new perspectives are nice :) happy first of december!
There’s a few flares and some food and one bottle of water in it still, as the rest of the supplies are in the back. Taking out the flares he hands Wade the pack.
“Me and Sam were out collecting tissue samples for Bruce this morning. We didn’t go far don’t worry, just down by the gate. We left a message with Nat; did she not tell you?”
Freezing, Natasha stares down at the revealed object, grief and fear crawling up her throat as her eyes seem unable to tear away from the blood splattered shield.
“What If they’re not here? We gonna stay instead as its starting to get dark old man.” Pausing to cuff Wade lightly for that old man comment, Bucky nods in agreement. “Yeah, we will stay ether way kiddo”
Heaving a sigh, Tony walked down stairs passing other rooms on his way and hearing some of the others settling down or quietly chatting. He heads to the kitchen intent on getting some food to eat finally when he notices that it’s the two super soldiers that are still up. Apparently on first watch.
“We will take two of you to meet the others of our group, talk and see if they all agree to join groups. I can’t make decisions for everyone, we decide as a group what to do.”
“Still as charming as ever Loki I see” A smile is the only reply he gets when he suddenly remembers the kid in the car. “Wade!” Turning around, Bucky runs back to the car wrenching open a door in his panic to make sure Wade is ok.
“…Please don’t be cannibals…” muttering to himself, Bucky clutches the knife tight. If he had to he would use it to ensure he survives. The net swings to a stop, spinning slowly in circles making Bucky go slightly green.
Both Dom’s seem look at Tony like sad puppies, their eyes wide as if worried Tony may snap at them or lash out.
“Tony, can we talk? The three of us?” Steve asked, his tone portraying his unease. As if he fully expected the genius to refuse and walk away. Taking a deep breath, Tony plasters on a smile, turning to face the two Dom’s and leans against the counter.
“I know, damn Bruce, if we had the equipment we could potentially figure out a cure or preventative” Tony pauses as a thought comes to him, “Bruce, would the small medical centre in town have blood analysing equipment?”
“Oh god, I’m sorry….” Mumbling, he repeats those words over and over again. Bucky is pretty sure their not aimed at him either.
Forcibly swallowing bile Steve looks away with his eyes closed trying to steel himself as Bucky comes in behind him.
He knew there was no way she could have survived the apocalypse, not unless her home was extremely lucky. He just prays that she was given a graceful death. A mercy ending.
With frantic steps, the group hustle as fast and as silently as they can to hide behind a large goods lorry.
“Go get them I’ll hide her” nodding Bucky goes to remove the body, Peter doesn’t need to see it if they can help it. Going back out Steve called the other two in quickly.
A blinding flash forces him to squeeze his eyes shut and shrink back ducking down to cover his head. A boom reverberates overhead, a crack snaps above and the snarling in front is drowned out. He waits for the inevitable hands to grab at him to start tearing at his flesh. However, he instead’s smells something putrid burning. The sickening scent burns in his nose making his eyes water and gag.
“Rogers, may I remind you that we are some of the more faster and sneakier of the group? Yes Barnes is faster than Stark but his arm could reflect the sunlight. Catching the eye of a group of those things. Thor is useless at sneaking and you and him are both bright and large. The best options would be me and Stark and you know it.”
Despite seeing it several times already, it was still hard for Tony to believe that Bucky would aim this smile at him.
“Daddy, can I come with you outside today?” talking quietly, Tony smiles at his son. Peter had just woken up not to long ago forcing Tony himself to get out of bed. Munching on some eggs they still have, Tony nursing the coffee cradled in his hands; soon it will all be gone.  Joining them from one last sweep around the house, Bucky sits opposite the father and son accepting a cup of coffee for himself. Just barely holding in a moan at the taste.
“I wish I could be a pirate…” Peter chirps up once Tony finishes the latest chapter, turning the pages to start the next one. Curious, Wade nudges Peter to elaborate.
The group shuffle and murmur nervously, wondering what could possibly be causing such distraction in Asgard that Heimdell would leave his post?
Pulling Wade close, Tony rocks the distraught child soothingly, rubbing his hand up and down his back trying to calm Wade.
Dread slivers through Nat the more Logan talks but she can’t help but wonder why they would take Steve, they must know he’s one of he more dangerous ones of their group so why the risk?
“I’m Natasha, this is Sam and that’s Clint and-wait..where’ Steve?” Natasha looks around alarmed at the still lack of Steve.
That is until, they came to a split in the road. Both for major towns, problem was, which road do they take?
“You can get in the truck!” Leaning out of a side window, Nat shoots as some people come from between two buildings, guns in hand but are forced to take cover at her shooting. “Hurry your ass up Clint!”
“We have to be nearly done by now…” grumbling Tony readjusted his backpack. He had grabbed it as it has his gadgets and medical stuff should he need it. He didn’t feel comfortable leaving his stuff in the car with the kids unsupervised. Peter had a nasty habit of nosing into things when curious.
So far he and Clint had only come across three maids. Obviously, the staff that kept this place clean. The group on the bottom floor have already come across far more in the kitchen.
Grinning, Tony leant forward, chin tipped up in a silent request for a kiss as Steve approached them, which Steve happily gave him. Just a gentle press of Steve’s lips against Tony’s that filled both of them with warm contentment.
“Thank you for the consideration” Charles smiles softly at them all, still held in Logan’s arms, wheelchair being carried in Logan’s other hand.
Seeing as Cap was taken this time- a super soldier beef tank that took down hydra in his prime, was a massive cause for concern. Could they now take on the Nordic Gods? Hulk? Why attack and kidnap and not ask the Avengers to join instead?
Grinning unrepentantly in the face of Tony’s sudden silence, face going red from the compliment. It’ been a long while since someone had paid him any compliments on his appearance, having long since passed his prime what with his more squishy body and belly. Lines starting to show on his face.
“Thanks for the help getting inside man” Sam nods at Bucky patting his shoulder as he passes him. “do you know which rooms are set up for these guys?”
Cautiously the group head into the town. Still taking precautions they drive slowly through. Moving fast but quietly as they can if anything ends up in their way. Slowly but surely, they make their way across the small town to the other side. Following the map, they head up the road that leads up a small hill. Back into the trees. Following the road, they come to a massive double iron gate that closes off the mansion that lies beyond.
Shaking his head, Tony smiles at the playful Dom as he flexes his hand with the electrified gauntlet on. They had no clue if other aloe humans were here. Or even dogs for that matter. He felt safer with the gauntlet on.
“Yeah, hoping to get out quick before the horde comes back. Or stragglers reach this place. Bucky…he’s not with us for now…he’s the one leading the horde away.”
Smiling fondly, Tony grabs his already packed bag and tools.”Another town, we can’t get to Asgard today so we’re looking for a better home ok?” Checking the room once more for anything missed, Tony pulled out his makeshift electric emitting glove and hands the two super soldiers some of the stuff he had been making last night.
Bucky grinned when he saw the chemical name of the medicine, however the grin fell when he saw it’s common name above. Seeing the common name, Bucky cursed a blue streak in Bruce’s name, that lil scientist dick. Still, Bucky couldn’t help the grin on his face from forming.
“Yeah! Missed you lots, I have so much to show you! There’s this awesome bamboo garden outside that Steve and me found!”
“I..you…” Tony struggled to find what to say to that, all thoughts had flown out of his head. Damn shame as well as he had worked hard on his internal speech for this very situation! But being faced with this moment for real? The genius was struggling to remember what he had mentally prepared. Looking down at his hands clasped on the table, Tony took a moment to absorb their apologies and examine his own feelings regarding this.
“Thor, how can we trust that he will help us? He tried to take over our world!” He growled at the shot eating grin the god has on his face as Thor sighed, conceding to that point.
As the come in, Bucky comes back into the front room and Peter is over like a shot. Hugging his legs with a cry of happiness. “Bucky!”
This morning upon awaking, Tony had pulled up his metaphorical bootstraps and put his emotions back into check. Keeping Peter close and taking down any Deado that got within 10 feet of him and his Son. He was continually Snarling at Steve to back off, as he had taken to hovering right at Tony’s elbow since the incident. Quick to try to push Tony and Peter back or trying to keep Tony outside of the shops incase of Danger.
Later on, out in the gardens, Thor sat in the bamboo den with the two kids playing some kind of game. Loki, Bucky and Steve stood nearby listening to Tony explain his and Bruce’s conversation from that morning, Sam was sat next to Tony on a bench facing the three standing Dom’s. None looked to happy to take Tony out in a potentially deadly situation, but none could dispute Tony’s statement that none of them even remotely knew what to look for.
“Not one hint! Not one word all these years! I had a son all this time Nat, and not once did he seem like he was going to tell me! If we hadn’t of come across them that day- stumbled and stayed at that farm. If we had carried on? My son could be dead and I would have never known!” Tears prick at corners of his eyes, squeezing them tight, the tears stream down. The pain spoken words had taken them by surprise but the tears had stumped them. They have never seen Steve this torn up over something. Not once had he ever cried in front of them. Never lost his cool enough to. He was usually so composed and focused.
“Of course I have a plan in mind. We talk to the group if we find survivors, get a feel for them and ask questions to see if we can get any clues as to their intentions. That’s why I want you and Nat coming with me; you both have good people reading skills, Sam and I are  the distractions if you like. A deterrent mainly from outright attacking us. “
The world froze. No one wanted to react in case it broke whatever spell had been cast. Hoping the beings outside may have somehow miraculously missed the sneezes.
The next morning they woke up to mist and rain that drizzled lazily outside. Patting soothingly on the windows. Groaning in protest, Bucky rubs at his eyes; mournful of the amazing dream he was having. Dream Stark has a great ass and it should be a crime to have to cut such a enticing dream short.
“Tony can go, you need to rest after the last few days of watching over Wade. Me and Clint have been up all night so us going would be risky as well.” Natasha cut in, her tone like steel as she levels Bruce a look, she disliked it when Bruce neglected to care for himself at times. However, Tony could see the signs of exhaustion from the nights being up and stressing over Wade and having to be constantly on edge. She and Clint had taken most of the shifts, alternating with Sam and Bruce to minimise the contact between Wade and Peter and the possibility of the virus being carried over.
“Awwww!” Pouting the younger the two pick up a card grinning excitedly he shows the brightly coloured fish to Wade.”look what I got!”
As Clint look at the cars down he end of the street, focusing on a red, dusty Toyota, he thinks he saw something move by it, as focused as he is he doesn’t realise movement from the building to his left on the roof. Which also happens to be in Nat’s blind spot as well.
Tony grabs his arm grounding him for a second, the Sub pheromones enough to calm him a bit. “Have you warned Bruce and Sam” Nodding quickly Clint confirms he has. Placated, they abandon the tractor heading to an office not far behind them. Locking themselves in.
Taking a deep breath, Tony yanked open the next door on the right side of the hall. Staying to the side of the doorway he threw in a bouncing ball after making it start flashing and listened.
“Morning already? God I feel like I’ve been hit by a train…” Mumbling to himself Tony rubs a hand over his beard and hair. Oh god what he would give for a razor and grooming kit. His hair hangs in his eyes at the worst of times, and he misses his once prized van dyke beard. With the precise lines and shapes that took years to perfect and grow.
“Is Peter ok?!” Steve shouted from the front. Worry in his voice as he finally slows down the car. Going a near silent cruising pace. “Yeah! Yeah...he’s ok, just scared” murmuring in his son’s ear soothingly, he rubbed his back trying to keep Peter calm. Eventually he drifted off, the lulling of the car sending him into fitful dreams.
Some days he desperately wished this was some big sick dream, that he would wake up from any moment now.
With a dry chuckle Tony looks out the window, a bitter sweet look on his face, “Yeah she is amazing, she helped me deliver Peter. The little rascal came two days early, it was the middle of the day. Peak traffic. The doctors wouldn’t of gotten here in time, and he wasn’t waiting around. I was already pushing by the time the SI private helicopter got here. God I thought I was going to die the pain was that bad...5 and a half hours from start to finish...” Surprised, Natasha looks at him alarmed.
The next few moments happened in what felt like slow motion. Trying to stand on the shuddering roof, that was somehow holding up by some miracle. That miracle ran out. Tony’s and Bucky’s eyes connected for a brief second, long enough for Tony to see the wild look of terror before the roof gave out, rolling along the top of the horde.
Blinking in shock, Steve looks over his shoulder at his best friend- where had that random question come from? Since Loki and Tony had left to do the recon, Thor moved to sit in the truck in case they need a quick getaway while Bucky and Steve were stood in the middle of the road, backs together as they keep watch both ways.
“Undoubtedly” Bucky pursed his lips in irritation. Its way to late to deal with this but again, it could be something they will want to deal with sooner rather than later. If this has something to do with Steve, they will want to know tonight.
“I am, this here is Yukio, those two over there is Logan and Negasonic” Colossus points to each person as he introduces them to the trio.
The information on the attacking group was depressingly little yet alarming, to have such a powerful group that supposedly had control of such a large area, yet was staying well hidden from any passing groups. Tony took a mental note of the leaders name; Francis, the only solid information that Colossus could give him; and tried to think of anyone he could have met in the past, that could fit this mystery before them.
Groaning as he rolls his head from side to side to try and reduce the ache in his neck, Clint scowled up at Steve who stood in front of him, arms crossed over his chest as he looks back at Clint patiently.
“Both I guess? I don’t know, Steve stayed behind to help this new comer to hold off the ones attacking us. He told me to come help when he saw you get hit so come on, in the truck!”
Logan himself is a tall guy just topping 6 ft, his body and arms muscular in that way that tells you he could easily pop your head off your shoulders’, maybe not as big as Colossus’s muscles but still big enough to be intimidating up close. Hell even from a distance he would strike as a fearsome figure despite this modest woodcutter appearance, wearing denim jeans with a red flannel button up shirt and steel toe capped boots. In fact out of the four of the X-Men group, he looks the most casual and laid back clothes wise. The others wearing what looks like worn out ripped old suits.
Quickly, Tony moves over to him, Gently placing a hand on Bucky’s shoulder to still his metal arm, turning Bucky to face him Tony quickly undid the buttons with deft fingers. Carefully and gently, Tony eased the jacket off, murmuring to himself to check it over once their clean and he can see the arm properly.
“Barely a wink, I’m not used to having others in my house. I kept expecting someone to come in and try eating me. The image of a Zombie hulk came to mind- now that is just terrifying but I can’t help but wonder if Banner is immune”
“Stark... call me Stark, we’re not friends Steve.” A pang of sadness hits him at that. We hadn’t wanted Tony to be kicked off the team. The anger at the time stopped him from helping Tony, now, he and the others wished they had helped.
Swearing under his breath Bucky kept running, the original horde he led away from his group had grown. Other groups near by had heard he hungry snarls of those behind him and joined the hunt. Some nearly blind-siding him as they come from all directions. Rotting hands reaching out for soft flesh.
Nodding, Sam steps forward as Tony moves back and uses his hight advantage to cut the Deado down. Swapping his knife out for a machete, Tony pulls one arm out away from the body before swiftly hacking it off. The skin and muscles easily giving way due to their weakened state. Once the arm is free Tony casually chucks it too Sam to catch, who instead yelps jumping away to the side, as if the arm could suddenly attack him.
“Next horde, Steve can take a fucking run.” Grumbling he pushes away one of the deado’s and dodges another’s grasping hands. Overhead he could hear the start of a thunderstorm brewing and cursed. He was really starting to hate the rain as well now.
The room looks like your typical sex dungeon, racks on the wall filled with various implements, all laid out carefully for use and easy to find. In the main floor areas are chairs and tables with cuffs positioned at various points. On the far end there’s a sterilising area where everything can be cleaned after use. There’s even a few chairs where spectators can sit to watch the goings on. Thankfully they were all empty but near the sterilising area, suspended in midair by ropes that’s wrapped around artfully it’s captive, is another female. She’s hanging horizontally with her belly facing the ground. Or what’s left of her belly. Her chest and stomach as torn allowing the previous insides, to hang freely and splatter the floor. Bites and chuck missing litter the rest of the body.
“Down James down…” Tony muttered while trying to gain some form of control over himself, trying to hide the spark of interest that went through him. Trying to keep his pheromones from broadcasting just how affected he is.
Another awkward silence. Apparently unable to take it much more Clint nudged Tony’s foot with his, “So Stark, what kind of farm did you run? Didn’t take you to be the wheat kind of farmer personally. More corn I bet” Grinning at the ribbing Tony snorts at him.
“We can go on a run first thing in the morning then, Cap?” Clint asks, eyes scanning the tree lines sharply for any movement, bow at the ready but pointing down.
Cursing again, Steve can already hear the fencing groan and creak, splinters already happening as the massive horde rush the fencing. Desperate for the warm flesh they know to be close. Behind he hears Clint grunt as he takes down the dead that are coming up behind them all. Hurrying he opens the car and urges Tony and his son in, Bruce running to the other side with Bucky as they both get in. Turning to call the spy’s to jump in, he hears the fencing give way and the horde Surge forward. Stepping over fallen ones in their blind search.
“No…no no no!” Grabbing the shield in shock, Natasha swings her gaze this way and that way seeking out a hint that Steve is just playing some horrible prank. As if hoping he will jump out with a gotcha! Damnit Steve was meant to be unbeatable, how on earth did he get taken down?
Much to Bucky’s delight, Steve’s facial journey was a thing of beauty and couldn’t help but wish Bruce was here to see it himself. Bucky decided to commit this to memory so that he could tell Bruce how successful his prank is.
Looking into Tony’s eyes, Bucky could see a similar look in his, along with understanding. They both had too many scars to count, all from various things such as stupid childhood stunts to accidents to battle inflicted wound. They both had scars that weren’t visible to the naked eye.
Tony had voiced his concerns and the others had agreed, the bonus is that it will give them extra precious minutes to run should the dead get in past the first fence.
Stiffening a bit Bucky paused in his work to look over his shoulder at the kid. Peter seems to only be curious though, not a speck of fear that he had come accustomed to seeing. “I had an accident, fell off a train”
“Thanks, it has been getting worse..” He watches as the Sub genius gets the plates open. The moment Tony sees the inside he lets out a pained whine, clutching at his chest as if in horror.
In the middle of the front room Bucky was pushing off a now definitely dead Dominatrix, dressed in a very black widow like catsuit that has a boob window with the front laced up exposing skin don the torso. Over the knee boots with a heels that practically make the foot go vertical. The dominatrix even has what once must ave been vibrant red hair, now clumps are missing and matted. Freezing Bucky turns to Steve.
“Tony...he-...He told me who Peter’s father was” That got both of their attention’s. Tony actually told him? “He told me that...I was Peter’s father” At that part Steve looked down rubbing his face, suddenly bone tired and weary. All the emotions he bottled up last night due to the shock, came pouring out of him. Like an unstoppable force of nature, unfurling and spilling out of him. Faster than he can hope to stop them.
Frowning Tony glanced between he two of them. “Why did  it take you that long to get come to that decision…”
After a small way into the area they decided to park the car near a row of shops. They should go look for some stuff while the were here.
“Tony look! We can get onto the roof and jump across to other buildings. Clint, hurry give me that chair!” Without a second thought, Clint dragged one over, one wall started to cave in and the dead pouring through the gaps. Yelling in fear, Tony leans as far away from the grabbing hands as he can, the air is saturated in their combined fear. Trying to keep a level head, Bucky climbs the chair and throws open the door above and grabs Tony first, hauling him up and shoves him through the opening. Scrambling, Tony crawls through the hole and looks down just as Bucky hauls up Clint. Precariously, the balance on the sloping roof, just about keeping their footing.
“So I can see..”Steve gave Bucky an unimpressed look as Tony slapped away Steve’s hands so he could go get dressed. Steve couldn’t help but watch him walk away as Tony dropped his towel to grab his clothes. Blushing, Steve quickly looked away politely, instead he caught Bucky’s eyes. Raising an eyebrow, Steve gave Bucky a questioning look. Shaking his head, Bucky understood what he was silently asking. If they had been playing around in the bathroom.
“I was just wondering, who’s Peter’s dad Tony? I know you said before, back at the farm you didn’t part on good terms and all but...I guess a part of me is still curious. He’s a great kid Peter. I just have a hard time imagining any good Dom leaving you behind... Maybe the father is still alive?”
“Pete? Wade? Time to go, kids, grab your stuff ok? Did you feed Punk Wade” Tony moves about grabbing bags and handing them to the two young kids who had been quietly playing with Punk on the floor?
Earlier while the super soldiers were out, Wade had accidentally dropped his hood back when playing with Peter. Tony had taken it in stride and in return shown Wade his own scars. Told him that nearly all of them had scars, proof that they were strong and survivors. It had helped calm Wade a bit. He had brightened even more when Peter didn’t seem to even care and still tugged on Wade’s hand to keep playing.
Steve and Bucky were barely able to contain themselves as they waited for the final verdict, Tony was writing random equations out on small bits of paper as he talked to his son. Trying to redirect his own nervous energy as well as Peter’s, to prevent either of them from just running up the stairs. Neither were any good at waiting, and today was no exception, the only thing really keeping them in place was the threat of Bruce’s disappointed glare.
The two new comers that had helped Natasha at this end of the street make their way to the truck once they are sure all attackers are gone. Getting out of the truck, Natasha raises a hand gun at them in warning.
“They found this outside the gates on the way back home, it’s obvious that it’s Francis playing with us. We wanted to have everyone vote on calling now or waiting, find our what everyone thought as if we turn this on, there will most likely only be stress waiting for us on the other end.”
“Kiddo, you ok?!” Leaning in Bucky peeks further in to see where Wade is hiding and exhales heavily in relief when his head pops up from the foot well.
On the other side of the kitchen is Bucky, gutting a rabbit to add to the veg to make rabbit stew. Tony had set traps during the night to catch and just preys no walker gets to the trapped animals first. The atmosphere in the kitchen had loosened up a bit but with the child it was still a bit awkward. At least Peter hasn’t started awkward questions yet.
“Sure, lets do that, Bucky, Nat watch behind Bruce in the middle ok? Clint point with me” getting into formation, they quickly make their way over to the barn. The closer they get to it,they can see a note attached to the front. At the top in bold marker is the word –‘Danger’
“Thor is here? I knew that lightning was him!” They quickly leave and push the dom back into the room before closing the door behind them.
Colossus’s group was not what Sam expected at all, despite the various hints about their group, Sam was still surprised when Thor and he were introduced to them.
Moving to the front of the kitchen, Steve stands facing the door as it creeks open, Bruce’s head pop’s around the corner first before the rest of him quickly follows. The group in the kitchen moves closer anxiously, all eyes trained on the Doctor as he fiddles with his glasses.
The storm rages all night, in the early hours of the morning they had all woken up to shooting, screaming of the pain of someone alive being torn apart, the snarls of the undead and growls as they chased the living. Luckily the rain was heavy enough they didn’t actually hear the person actually being eaten. It had been Natasha’s watch at the time, silently she woke everyone up. Packing up everyone waited, tense but silent except for a few frightened whimpers from Peter which Tony tried to quieten. They waited incase they had to flee into the storm but thankfully, the horde passed without any trouble.
Dophinder seemed to be the one in charge of watching Al as he helped her into the camper with the others. Most bags being thrown into the back of the truck so that everyone could fit into the camper.
“Miss me doll?” Teasingly Bucky look over at him as he picks up Peter and makes his way over. The nickname causing Tony to snort in amusement to cover up how his eyes are shiny with tears.
Each team moved to their end of the room, spreading out to check through the boxes for anything of use. Tony gave a little uttered cheers when he finds something particularly useful, a pile near the doorway rapidly forming.
Shaking his head Steve looks around a bit paranoid that the people from earlier may come across them again.
“It doesn’t matter now. Anyways” Clearing his throat pointedly Tony looks at Steve’s feet still not looking him in the eyes. He hates it. “who’s taking first watch?”
“You’re not a deer…” the child in front of him spoke, disappointment clear in his tone as he stands, completely at ease in front of Bucky. Confused Bucky eased up and stood up straight, regarding this child. He couldn’t pick up any signs of others which was odd. Did this kids group just let him wonder off alone?
“I don’t know, Daddy didn’t tell me. Says it doesn’t matter” Smiling Peter Shows her his work proudly. “Finished!”
They both shampooed their hair twice to get it feeling clean again, each helping the other, playful teasing between them as Tony leant his forehead on Bucky’s chest. Eyes closed as Bucky’ magic fingers worked out knots in Tony’s hair.
“Something is on your mind. You’re distracted, a danger to us all if your not paying attention to your surroundings. So spill, what’s on your mind?” A stern look was all it took from her to cut off his immediate denials and excuses.  Thinking because, honestly how does he put all this thoughts into words?! It takes him close to 5 minutes of silence, the only sounds are leaves rustling around them from Clint’s shuffling and the wind.
“Stop there, who are you?” Natasha keeps her voice even, despite their help they have no idea if they are actually friendly or not.
With a startled yell he’s pulled up high by a net. Safely thankfully; out of reach of the dead bellow. Panting as adrenaline flow him anew at this situation, he tries to twist around in the net to see who had caught him.
It not for another 35 minutes, before the hoard is fading away to the west. Leaving the town just as Bucky predicted. Once the last noticeable moan disappears, he waits for another 20 just to make sure the hoard doesn’t return. Satisfied, he nods to Loki he had watched his back for him. Taking out the odd Deado that came across them. Together they head back to the cars to tell the others the hoard is gone.
Clint pauses as he gets out and looks at the barn, thinking as he turns to Steve, “Lets check the barn first? I mean it would be the fastest one to clear?” Steve looks at the barn before nodding himself.
“Nah, just a large chuck to take samples of; preferably the brain as well a normal tissue in-case their any different from each other, so maybe an arm as well as the head?” Apathetically, Tony flips out a hunting knife from a sheath on his ankle,  with a quick jab he finishes off the Deado. “Ok lets cut it down and take what we need, the quicker we get this over with the better.”
Taking a breath and pausing for a second, Natasha calms her self and uses her training from the red room to push aside her inner turmoil. Looking around at the ground for any indications as to what actually happened here.
However that lightning was telling a different story. If Thor was here, they would have a greater Chance to survive, maybe even possibly get what other survivors they could and taken to some place where they could be much safer. Hell, he would willingly live in the Antarctica if it meant safe from the dead right now.
Clint nudges them suddenly hissing, “You mean like now?” crouching low suddenly, they all still and look to where Clint was looking, down the road. Another horde, a small one but big enough to want to avoid. Swearing Steve pushes them to go further back into the under growth.
Laughing, Clint shook his head as they moved over to where the boiler sat. Checking in to see if it is working. Oh, it would be bliss to have showers again.
Still, Steve ‘mother-hen’ Rogers still insisted that some of the group went with. Due to the unknown danger, Peter had to stay with Steve upstairs to help dig holes in the gardens with the Asgardian brothers. Wade was still inside his room with Bruce and Sam.
“Look daddy! We’re playing go fish and I picked up this card!” Grinning Peter shows Tony the same card he showed Wade. Humming Tony look at it and grins, “nice card kiddo. Unfortunately it’s bed time you two hellion.”
Hesitantly, clearly uncomfortable at leaving another behind, but Steve is right. They had to, there are other to think about. He takes the pack to the table just as the others come down. At the bottom of the stairs Tony stops, looking at Steve who can see guilt swirling in those chocolate brown eyes. Peter silent at his side keeping a tight grip on his daddy’s hand.
Glaring at the smirking god, Steve kept his aggressive stance. After Loki’s last attempt at enslaving this planet, he wasn’t about to trust Loki any time soon. He could feel his eye twitching and his hand flexing as the Dom god of chaos  moved closer to Tony. The wicked gleam telling Steve, Loki knew what he was doing.
“I’m sorry Tony,” Steve cooed, eyes still twinkling with mirth as Steve ran a hand through Tony’s hair soothingly, giving the pouting Sub a quick kiss on his cheek. “But Buck is right, your yelp was adorable-“
I took them nearly an hour to find a car in fairly good condition still that they could use and where soon driving. Wade seemed content to continue watching the scenery as they drove the 4x4. Bucky didn’t care about the model or make, just that if needed it could drive off road as well as on and even through snow if they could keep it going that long. They stayed on the road for most of the day driving past the odd deado on the road, easily avoiding them and keep right on going on their way.
“Yes we need to go out again, we need to find all that we can while we can including a caravan or an RV if possible. We also need more clothes as well for spares as a lot of our clothes are way to stained by blood to be safe. So we need you, Sam, Natasha and I to do a quick run. Maybe we will even find signs of other groups while we are out there”
Putting one of Clint’s arms around his shoulder’s, Sam helps get Clint into the other side of the truck while dodging stray bullets, once sure that Clint’s door is secure Sam raises his rifle. The attackers are starting to retreat as more of them get hit, now that Sam is looking around, there was loads that had managed to surround them.
“I’ll go get Tony, Bruce, Nat and Clint if he’s up. You go see if Loki, Thor and whoever from the other group wants to join us. Meet you in the sun room down here in 20 minutes?”
Loosing himself to the world of electronics, he methodorically fixes and cleans the plates and the insides. Clearing away any rust or grime thats built up from lack of maintenance for a while. He’s so absorbed that he doesn’t even notice when the group go silent. Clint and Natasha splitting to check the windows. He only realises when the lights are snuffed out, and Steve’s hand over his mouth to cut off his protests.
Oh man i rewrote this so many time and was stuck for so long which is the main reason this took so long to write but i did make it extra longer so forgive me? :)
Loki gave them a run down of which rooms in which sections they saw the most Dead, using a stick he drew a rough map in the dirt.
“Here, a few things I made up for a few of us to carry, a few chemical bombs that will have enough of an oomph to blow up one, maybe two Deado’s if you’re lucky.” Tony hands over the bombs to them, the vials won’t be reactive until the chemicals inside are mixed by pressing a button. These had taken him a while to fiddle with considering the environment he’s had to work in. For these, he had made sure the kid were out of the room before making.
Taking a slightly longer way around to the main town centre, hoping to loose whoever was maybe watching/following them as they take many seemingly random roads.
Feeling the Hulk getting too restless and irritated was a pretty good indication usually that he should do something. The last thing they needed was for the Hulk to make an appearance. Huffing irritatedly, Bruce mentally told Hulk to stuff it as he grabbed a walkie-talkie and turned.  Handing the radio to Wade to keep ahold of.
They had come across a small parking lot when they spotted the mini camper van on the back of a truck. The truck itself had two Deado’s inside. After a quick check to make sure the Deado’s are secure, the group chose ignore them and their quiet snarling in favour of inspecting the camper van instead. Peering through the grimy windows as best as he can, Steve looks for any signs of someone hiding inside. Behind him he can hear the gentle purring of their truck pulling up into position.
Hearing Rumbling above, Steve looks at the near black cloud heading their way, the sounds of thunder reaching them.
“Oh you- get you’re big ass over here!” Grinning cheekily Bucky made his way over to Steve who pulls him into a crushing hug. Squeezing Bucky tight Steve was overcome with relief that his best friend was alive, glad that his delaying and deciding to check this town was fruitful. They stayed in that embrace for a few moments longer, Steve murmuring nonsense in between kissing Bucky’s temple. Eventually they managed to pull away from the other but still holding the others arms.
Tony could feel the half hard cock resting against his thighs, that Bucky seemed content to ignore. So Tony pushed it from his mind. They were both half hard from the gently soothing touches. The intimacy making their bodies feel good but there was no urgency to get off. They were both happy to just hold one another.
“Oh my god you’re really Thor! You are awesome! Is that Mjolnir? Is that Loki? Can you fit your fist in your mouth?”
So far Wade was doing well, only a mild fever is the only symptom to manifest since the bite. Upon learning of this and that Wade had survived the night, the tension over the mansion had lifted a bit. Hope spread through them all as they passed the 12th-hour mark- the maximum anyone has seen someone hold out before.
Sam was never so happy before in his life to see the drive and gates that lead to the mansion, drawing close to the gates, he pulled to a stop letting Thor off to open the gates.
They all wait, huddles together, barely daring to breathe as they hear the first sound of faint snarls and moans.
Screaming, Tony nearly vaults over to try to save Bucky, but Clint hauls him back to safety. Clutching him to his chest as they both watched in horror. Unable to look away.
Smirking, Steve teases him from over the top of Tony’s head, “what’s wrong Buck? Never seen a kid before?” He chuckles at the answering glare he gets in return.
“Fine” Thor grins visibly happy about this and claps Steve on the shoulder when Steve’s ears pick up a small bark coming from the direction of the kid. Looking over he takes in the new kid finally. Noting that the kid is taking great care to keep any Skin he can hidden. A hood pulled low hiding his face from others. In his arms however is a small puppy.
“Are you hurt?! What happened?” With a quick glance, he could see Bucky open a side door and picking Peter out o a foot well to check him over. A quick search and Bucky relaxed in relief, he nods at Tony to let him know Peter is ok. Relief swamped Tony, reassured somewhat he turned to Wade. He needs to check the older boy over first.
hope you all enjoyed! come scream at me on tumblr under the same user name! comments are really appreciated, but im afraid any guesses at whats gong to happen i wont be able to answer XD
That thought alone was enough to make him cry most nights. He felt like he had failed Peggy again and no amount of logical thinking was helping either.
Nodding, Peter continued to poke at his food, despite it being the first warm meal in ages that they got to eat. “I remember Daddy”
Tony could see that Bucky; who had yet to leave his side since Nat returned; liked this group, Loki had even given Tony a nod after Colossus had finished talking to indicate that Colossus hadn’t lied to them. Having the god of lies on your side was proving to be handy.
Taking deep long calming breathes, Steve managed to get himself back under control just as Loki and Tony came back, walking around the far left of the building, the very same direction that Steve was currently facing. Relief flooded him, as Steve started walking to meet them half way, his eyes moving over Tony critically looking for any signs of injury.
“I have ideas for weapons and and small traps, I only need around half these machines to make what I need!”
“Tony, sweetheart” shaking his head, disagreeing with Tony’s statement. He decides to take a risk and cups his face. Tilting it to make Tony look up at him properly. “It’s not your fault ok? Bucky will be ok, he will find us again. Have faith in him, like me? Us super soldiers are hard to get rid of you know?” Cracking a small smile Tony nods.
“Bruce could go with! I mean, he struggles to keep the big guy in due to the constant stress; so gong to Asgard would allow him to take a breather. After a while, He and I can swap. At least, if that’s ok with you, Bruce? The kids will have someone they can trust nearby, and we can help keep Hulk calm?”
Much to the groups relief, the cluster of houses Clint saw came into view. Quickly they hunched down, ahead Steve could make out the spy twins making their way to the houses. Minuets ticked by, tense the group try their best to keep still, little Peter doing well to keep quiet as he sits on the floor between him and Tony. The moment he sees Natasha he heaves a sigh of relief and motions the group forward, the thunder storm nearly upon them.
“To tell the truth, I may not be as angry as back then, staying angry for so long is exhausting…especially when I had Peter to worry over. But I still can’t just forgive you straight away. Though I am sorry you found out the way you did. I wanted to get to know the group more before I told but I was going to.”
“That’s pretty! Good find Petey” beaming, Peter adds it to his hand, some cards the wrong at round an some on the verge of falling out of his hand altogether.
“I think we take out these guys, get back to the house and ask Steve. He’s the one in charge of the group.”
Taking a deep breath, Steve looks at Bucky- Who’s looking back warmly, nodding at him that he likes this plan. Grinning, Steve faces forward again. “Looks like we have a plan then, lets find a small village or something and get a map!”
Extending the offer, Thor looks between each person but settles his gaze on Charles, sensing that the elder man is the one that calls the shots here. Thor’s heightened senses can tell that Charles is a Sun, his calming aura only evidence of a lifetime using it to his advantage to influence situations and keeping everyone level headed. Even Thor can feel the effects and all tension bleed out from him, yet he knew nothing bad would happen to him not Sam here, that Charles was most likely trying to avoid any conflict or simply does this without realising now.
“There’s a massive horde on the other side of the fence coming from behind the barn. We can probably sneak out to the cars but there’s a few on the other side of the house. We will have to be quick.”
They came from the sides, a large group must have been just around the corner when they heard Bucky make a racket. Snarling the wave of dead tumbles around the corner, quickly spotting the two humans.
With a soft smiles his own, Tony leaned back into Bucky’s chest, secured as Bucky brought his arms up to keep him in place; grumbling as he snoozed on. Snuggled back into place Tony answers Steve’s question just as softly so to not disturb the Dom behind him.
With a loud SNAP, the wire tightens around the Deado’s foot, hoisting it off the floor but it’s back hits the floor with a thud before it’s entire body is fully lifted off the ground. A large bit of skin from one of the arms peels off from where it collides with the rough ground. With a furious snarl, the Deado looks around for the shiny thing it came for and starts to reach for it, uncaring of the missing skin or that fact that its caught.
Like a bucket f cold water, dread washed over Tony as he stares at the mark. His own face losing colour. He hears a cry of despair and anguish. It takes a few moments for him to realise that that cry was him.
Placing Peter into a chair at the kitchen table after lighting a few candles he turns to the group. “I suppose your all hungry, well chop chop, I’m not doing all the cooking make yourselves useful!”
Pulling up the long drive, they pass massive fields on both sides, at the end of the drive is an old rickety two storey house. It’s in dire need of a paint job but it looks secure. Shutters are still attached to windows which would be useful. To the left of the house, a small distance away, is a old rusty red barn. The paint really faded but still visible.  What Steve thinks, is a well out in the field which means, separate water supply which he hopes is clean. The most important detail though, is there’s no walkers around. Out side the house is an old jeep that’s covered in mud. But the mud is dry and would brush off like dust.
Hands squeezing the back of a chair that Loki had claimed, Tony’s knuckles where white from how hard he was gripping the chair. A near futile effort to keep calm and still, when all he wanted was to get in a truck and get Steve right then and now. It took Bucky a few moments out in the hall earlier, telling him; just as much for his own benefit as Tony’s; that they needed to make a plan before running off. Steve would kill them if they ran into this half cocked.
“Daddy, do the others not like us?” Pausing in doing up Peter’s shoes, Tony looks up surprised at his son.
“We got separated by a horde of those things you bbq’ed a moment ago. I found this kid while on the run.”
Inside the building, Bucky throws off the blanket and stands looking out at the decayed faces that look back at him. Eyes hard he looks around for anyway to escape the quickly crumbling building. Next to him the other two spring to their feet.
Frowning, Bruce hums quietly as he thinks it over, accepting a new coffee from Sam as he passes them all new cups.
“Who’s an animal?” in the doorway, stood the rest of the group slowly shuffling inside of the kitchen. Yawning widely Clint sat next to Bucky and rubs his eyes, sniffing he catches the scent of coffee and his mouth practically drools as he looks at Bucky’s cup. “I don’t suppose there’s...?”
Besides him, eating out of a metal container, is an elderly old, blind women, her dark skin has laugh lines and crows feet same as the man besides her. She’s wearing a tatty purple jumper that has obviously seen better days, she wears dark soft looking joggers.
“Who? The ones attacking us or the ones helping us?” Clint pauses as he realises that he can’t see Steve. “Where’s Steve?” Ducking out of his hiding spot briefly to fire at some people hiding behind a car, managing to hit them before Clint pulls back to hide.
The flash seems to go as quick as it appeared. Hesitantly, Bucky peeks out through his hair that had fallen in front of his face. Shocked, Bucky lower his arms to look at the very much barbecued Deado’s that littered the floor.
Something in Steve’s chest ached as he watched Tony, turning to the side he caught eyes with Bucky. Surprised to see a soft expression on his face as he to was watching Tony. He was waiting for jealousy to spark, but it never did, instead he found himself wondering. Before his thoughts could get to carried away be abruptly put a holt to that train of thoughts. Now was not the time to speculate what could have been.
Bruce peers out his window squinting out as the sun is starting to set behind them. “I can’t see anyone, maybe they fled?”
“You could say that. Say Tony, how do you think Wade survived the bite? Not one person before has survived and yet, here is a small kid who has actually beaten it. Simply amazing…”
“The truck needs more fuel, I’ll top it up while you guys go look for stuff. Clint can stay and we will take that side-“ Nat gestures to one side of the street,”once the truck is filled again?”
Two hours later, the due had gotten around the massive horde, and slipped by most stragglers. Bucky only had to take out a few on their way back to where his group had last been. Privately he suspected that Steve had urged the group on as per their agreement. The entire way back when Bucky had been sure they were safe, he told Wade about the group. The names of each member and what they looked like, a little bit about their personality.
Deciding not to dwell on it, Tony just stayed still, only moving when prompted and enjoyed being looked after for a few moments. Just this simple act of kindness made him relax more in Bucky’s presence.
“Me and Natasha set up the wing opposite ours, for everyone’s comfort both groups have a distance from each other, while still maintaining a sense of closeness and safety” Loki draws as he walks around the group, heading for the stairs leading up to the upper levels.
“Perhaps if they got equipment in the early stages of all this to handle local cases, most local centres where given extra equipment to try and give them a chance to find a cure or at least keep the spread minimum. So if this place managed to get some before it was to late, they would have pretty much all the equipment we would need.”
Walking out of the bedroom carrying Peter, Tony leads them down stairs carefully, all the windows are carefully covered and shuttered.
“It’s fine Tony, but thanks” Smiling Steve catches his eye to show that he means it. “I er, I hope it’s not to personal, but um, who’s Peter’s dad? He said you never told him?” Almost instantly Tony’s face shuts down, any relaxed posture is gone. All laughter gone from his eyes. Replaced by guilt as he looks away from Steve, suddenly unable to meet his eyes.
Well when put like that Tony had to grudgingly admit the star spangled an had a point. Sighing resignedly Tony sat forwards, leaning his elbows on the table, his hands laced under his chin as he looks at the two before him. “You’re right. My god I actually said that? We should get this out of the way. Better sooner than later.”
Peeking out at him, the earlier spark and attitude coming back as he grins back. “Really? I can come with!” Nodding with a warm smile, Bucky stands up fully again.
“Well, I have a map here and two towns over is a place that has a mansion place  just outside  of the town and a small medical centre nearby it.” Sam looks up from the map as Nat pulled it to her to look at where he’s pointing, to memorise the route. “I don’t know about you but small towns usually mean less Deado’s in the area and mansions are usually pretty empty anyway.”
Throwing the door open he pushed Wade inside first before jumping in and slamming the door just as the smaller group reaches them. Shoving everything to the side Bucky makes an effort to keep calm as he hurries to get the car going, but the larger group are close and those around make it hard to go forwards without jamming the wheels.
“Hopefully soon, Bruce is just going to check on him right now baby boy ok? Remember when I said that Wade was a bit ill? Well, Bruce is just checking to see if he’s better again ok?”
“I can’t believe he was this close by all this time” Pausing in his peeling, Steve looks over at the table with a soft almost yearning look. Could this of been his had Tony had been able to stay? “Yeah...I wonder who the father is? I can’t imagine a dom leaving a kid and Tony behind...”
Looking over Bucky’s face, Tony looked for anything that would indicate that Bucky is lying. He only found sincerity. A tension, that Tony wasn’t even aware of, left his muscles.
However, they could hazard a guess that the attacking group has possibly got access to labs, as Colossus explained how that before the attackers would only go for the easier ones to kidnap. Using devices they had never seen before to restrain or capture. Stronger ones that could pose to be to dangerous to approach where left alone. Until now.
Taking calming breathes, absorbing the comforting smell and presence from the Dom at his side, Tony clasps the device in his hands resting in his lap. Tony is going mad being in this place, no suit to fly to bust Steve out from where ever he’s being held. So many times Steve has helped him on this journey and protected him and Peter, Tony hates the feeling of helplessness that he is experiencing right now.
After Wade had come in, Natasha and Clint silently slipped into the kitchen, Clint making a beeline for the coffee; glad that they had found some on their newest raids. All clean from the newly working showers, everyone looks much better after having been able to finally clean themselves properly again. Quietly, Tony makes his way to Bruce’s side who was sat next to Natasha at the table, leaning his head on her shoulder.
Concerned, Colossus speaks up. His face drawn into an uncomfortable frown, everyone pretty quickly got the impression that the big guy was very protective of every one around him; be it sub, dom or switch. Because of this, Tony found he felt no offense at Colossus’s concern for him, it came from genuine concern and not a sexiest view that he wouldn’t be able to handle this. The action reminded him briefly of how Steve is.
“Clint? What the hell, is everything ok?” Worriedly Bucky stands from his crouching position on the floor. “Where’s Stevie and Nat?”
Yukio directed him a little way outside of the main town, a small drive that has trees on both sides of the road, leading to a small cottage like building. The darkening sky making the place look more ominous than usual, over grown bushes and plants hid any pathway that would usually be there.
Ok so i split this chapter into two parts as i was really struggling with the next part to this so while i struggle with an action scene you guys get an early update yay! :D come scream me on tumblr (under same user name) as i dont always check messages on here. I love hearing what you guys think and what parts you loved reading!  Enjoy !
Quickly, the group shuffle out. As the two spy’s said, the Deado’s are far from them for now. Luckily they have also yet to be seen. To their left a few are roaming at the side of the house, due to the dark they haven’t caught sight of them either. The group make it halfway when the first hungry snarl is aimed at them. As if acting like a homing beacon to the other Deado’s, more snarling and growling gets louder as the ones at the house side spot them. Stumbling they reach out for the fresh meat trying to get away. The snarls are loud enough for the ones by the fence can hear, like a surging wave; they crash into the fence snarling; wanting the prey they can’t quite see but know is there.
Nearby, Bucky is leaning in the corner right by the kids, in the shadows and the perfect angle to see both the door and window, arms crossed over his chest as he broods. Body rigid and tense with the need to go and look for Steve himself. He hated being idle when someone he cared for was in untold danger.
Gulping in deep breathes, Wade greedily took in Tony’s scent. Allowing the scent of a Parental Sub, to calm him. The combination of the soothing tone, the rubbing on his back and the Orchid-like scent helped to calm him enough to be able to speak.
“I’m not your sweetheart...” Grumbling, trying to hide a slight blush Tony accepts some food for him and Peter from Bucky. Steve tries to hide a smile behind a cough, due to recent events he and Bucky had put their dating on hold, but before all this had happened. They had been started dating, despite the taboo behind two dominants dating, they had made it work. Sure they bumped heads a lot but they worked things out. Besides, the one sub  either of them would had considered dating, is the one sub neither can seem to have.
“Are we sure it’s OK for Tony to call? You all had an emotional day, perhaps we can contact on your behalf?”
“Damn it Bucky, if you got your ass killed I’ll kill you..” grumbling to himself, Steve grabbed his own bags and a few left in the back of the car.
“You’ll… you’ll come back right?” Shuffling nervously, Wade bit his lip. Wanting and needing reassurance. Bruce felt another flash of guilt at leaving the car but determinedly pushed it away. It’s not like he walk-in away forever.
“Thor was definitely here in this area recently Steve. But where is he now?” As if on cue they hear clanging and swearing coming from a nearby house. A voice that sounds just like…
Still, Bucky locks the door behind them, in case if Peter comes running up he assures Tony when he asks.
Quick as he can, Thor makes his way to the gates, glancing around to make sure no one is hiding close by when his foot kicks something on the ground. Pausing and looking down to see what it was he kicked, Thor sees a small black walkie talkie. Taped to the front is some writing that he can’t make out in the dark, bending to retrieve it Thor realises it says Stark on the taped on bit of paper.
So lost in his thoughts as he rejoined Clint in the corridor, it took a few moments for a scream to register in his mind. Freezing, Tony recognises the scream as Peters.
Once Steve shut the door, Bucky opened one eye lazily to see him and gave a lazy twitch of his lips in greeting before shutting his eye again, to content and sleepy to move. Tony gave a much more enthusiastic greeting, as he looked up from the book that now laid forgotten in his lap.
“I can tell you have a question, so just say it and get it over with.”  Gulping but nodding, relaxing a bit Steve looks at Peter shyly.
“I thought I had at least another hour on watch,” Whispering she turns back to the window. The night blessedly still.
“Not good, he didn’t like being separated from Wade, kept shouting and screaming to see him. Then suddenly he went quiet and did this. Didn’t even move one inch once he was like this, he has only just fallen asleep. Steve, what are we going to do? We can’t just leave Wade to suffer.”
More bolts hit the camper and truck, whoever it is shooting must have shitty aim and just got lucky with Clint- or their distracting them. Keeping them pinned in place. Realising this, Clint swears to himself as he tries to crawl along as best as he can.
“Wanna go test the showers doll? I bet we both could use a good soaking in hot water” Chuckling, Bucky winks at Tony as he directs Tony towards their rooms.
Tony seemed to think over his answer as he checked the maths ticking everything that was right and pointing out any mistakes, circling them. “I want to keep things as routine as possible, he’s a bright kid Barton. He needs stimulation, reading he will need to recognise words on things that he may need to look for in the future. The maths, well, he likes it. Taking away structure to his routine makes thing’s more difficult.” Looking up Clint can see the sadness in his eyes, “by doing this, I can try and keep things as calm and as normal as I can. Let him have as much of a normal childhood as I can, for as long as I can. He’s going to have to grow up quickly sooner or later.”
Movement in the corner of his eye draws Clint’s gaze to a cluster of cars, just outside of the parking lot and down the street, nearly out of sight from where he’s standing. Standing straighter, more alert than before, Clint whistle out a quiet bird call to alert the others that he’s seen something. He hears Steve pause his movements before slowly making his way out, trying to keep things casual so to not tip off whoever Clint saw that they know they are there.
“Thank you Snowflake for that oh so wonderful compliment. Really warms my heart,” snorting Tony shook his head as the last of the shampoo was washed away. He let out a surprised eep when two arms pulled him back into Bucky’s chest, his nose shifting to sit behind Tony’s ear. A steady breath could be heard as Bucky simply held him.
Memories of the war flash through his mind suddenly. Swallowing bile that tries to climb up his throat, Bucky tries to force the traumatic memories away. His body shaking at how vivid they are. The flash of the bang grenades. The smell of burning bodies in the fields. With tremendous effort he pulls himself out of his head and shoves everything to he back of his mind. Compartmentalizing Natasha would call this. Shutting away thoughts and separating them to  be able to deal with the present.
Them moving the table and throwing the blanket over themselves must have kicked up dust into the air, dust that was currently trying to kill him right this second.
Using old household products he made the bombs and even a few nail ones to keep on his person. After finding out that flashing lights draw Deado’s just as well as sound he had made sure to acquire flashing bouncy balls to throw.
It’s not long till they all hear footsteps coming down the hall, even Loki pauses from cleaning his weapons to see if Bruce brings good news. Excited, Peter drops his cutlery as he scrambles out of his chair and he would have fallen off in his rush had Steve not managed to grab him in time.
“No, stay by the truck and keep it ready to go at a moments notice, even if me and Sam aren’t on it- you see a herd or a group of other survivors that look non-friendly, go ok? We will make our own way back.” Giving her a stern Look, Steve leans on the door his head closer to Nat so that no one not right be the would be able to hear. Leaning into Clint’s side, Sam murmurs as well so to not be heard.
The ride back was slow but silent, not wanting to attract any Deado’s  as they made their way through the streets, they were also on high alert for any ambushes from Francis’s group. Weapons gripped tightly and senses dialed to 11. The hooting of an owl making them all jump at one point.
“Bruce! Sam! Peter! Grab your bags we have to go!” Letting go of Tony, allowing him to run upstairs to help his son, Steve pulls his bag onto the kitchen counter and grabs a pad of paper and his last working pen. Hastily he scribbles a note for Bucky should he return to the house that they had carried on with the plan.
Steve moved about the next day in a sort of daze. Dangerous for him and the others. Last night kept replaying in his head.
Alarmed, Bucky rushes forward to yank Tony away from one of the monitors that he had started to rip apart.
“Damnit! We’re trapped!” Clint looks around franctically and pushes anything he can against the walls to try and further delay the deado’s. Tony however is just pale, looking out at the group with pure dread and hopelessness at their situation.
However, as their luck seems to go, the biting minions from hell started to rain hell on Earth putting them on hold. Despite this fledgling romance between them, they know when to put aside their desires and emotions. Being in the army at one time had helped them be able to compartmentalise their thoughts. Bringing logic to the front and block out anything else.
Lightning flashed in the not so far distance as the group pulled up outside a house on an seemingly empty street. It brought back memories of Thor to Tony who wondered often how the God was. Was Thor trapped on Asgard? Did he deem the human race doomed and turned his attention onto another realm? So Many unanswered questions running around his head.
Shifting through a box, Bucky cleared out anything perished or useless, the next box was filled with medicine for all sorts of ailments and conditions. Many names jumped out at Bucky, more than half he had no hope in properly pronouncing but some he recognised. The ones he did he placed in his backpack along with a few boxes from the list. Just as Bucky was about to move the rest of the box to a pile to take but not priority, he spots a certain name. One that Steve had shown him and looked at many times in confusion since Bruce had given it to him.
“Stay safe!” Tony lifted his head to call out after Steve, he couldn’t help but worry each time a group left to go out. He had a weird feeling ever since they came to this town. It felt charged somehow, like an electrical storm brewing just off the horizon but quickly approaching. It set his mind on edge and instincts jittery, despite the calm outer appearance he puts on; Tony wasn’t sure if it was just him though that felt this or if any of the others did.
“I’m sorry…” quickly, so to not allow his mind to hesitate, Tony shoves a knife into her head. Destroying the brain and ending her misery. Giving her her final death. Carefully, he wipes off the knife on the edge of her dress and rightens the wheelchair to place her in. Wheeling her into the hall, so that on their last sweep on the way out they can easily remove the bodies.
“Sorry to be a party pooper, but weren’t the medical centres and hospitals the first to go? I mean how big a medical centre are we talking about here?”
“Shut up and go watch Peter for me? Bruce fancy helping me tear a apart a few mor machines? We need to start preparing for a fight”
“Not even a footprint. We checked any and all buildings we thought Bucky may of taken shelter in. Nothing.”
Belatedly, Tony heard Bucky murmur to him and gesturing for him to sit on the toilet seat, as he starts the shower to test the water. Idly, Tony watches Bucky test the temperature, grinning sleepily when Bucky cheered as it actually heated up.
Opposite the Group stands a man. 5ft 7 man, his messy brown locks gently curling around his head, his once pristine beard now a full short fuzz instead. His Golden wide eyes watch them coldly. An arm is raised with a gun in it, he must have gotten it through a farmer permit. He’s wearing a red plaid long sleeved shirt and washed out well worn jeans. His feet have heavy duty boots on. The more (is possible) shocking fact, is the small child at Tony’s Side. The child looks to be around 4 years old watching them with fear filled eyes as he hides behind Tony’s legs.
“Thor?! As in the lightning god?” Eyebrows disappearing into his hairline Sam put his mug down after draining it. His breathing leaving him heavily at the nod of confirmation Steve gives him.
Bucky smirked at him as he ruffled Peter’s hair, “sure is kiddo, I was just checking out down stairs in the basement last when you guys came in. In fact me and Stevie best go make sure it’s definitely clear…you stay up here with daddy ok?”
Barely waiting for a reply Clint hurries back down the stairs, near leaping the entire thing in his haste.  Behind he can hear Sam hurrying to catch up and flees the house. Knowing Sam will lock up behind him.
“Welcome Sam” the old man nodded at him as he greeted him before turning to Thor and nods at him as well, “Thor, I am Charles Xavier. This lovely lady besides me is Al and on the end is Dophinder. On the floor here is Negasonic who I’m sure you have already met, Logan and this is Johnny. We call him Pyro”
“Who are they?” Tilting his head, Wade leads up the hill a bit, leading Bucky into the bushes and trees till their out of sight from the dead before veering to the right. “Oh right, Steve is this dom punk that leads our group. Tony is the fireball of a sub that’s the dad of Peter who is the little boy I mentioned.”
Leaning forward cooing gently, Bucky smiles slowly at him, eyes half lidded as he takes Tony’s hand.
“No worries Capt, we will all be careful” grinning, Tony winks at Steve before moving to kiss Peter’s and Wade’s head goodbye. “You two be good for Bruce ok? You do what he says and make sure to let the dog out to wee and feed him ok?”
“Who the hell are they Nat and where the hell is Steve and Clint?” Standing in front of the kids, hand covered in a makeshift repulsed glove that’s aimed at the new comers, Tony asks his voice hard like steel as his eyes stay focused on the large metallic man.
Chuckling, Bucky reached up and switched off the water, despite the pout Tony aimed at him. “None of that now, Junior needs to use the bathroom” winking, Bucky ducks his head to peck a kiss on Tony’s lips before slipping out of the shower stall. He grabs a towel, wrapping it around his waist securely, grabbing another he wraps it around Tony’s shoulders. Unlocking the door he herds Tony out into the bedroom and pushes him gently towards a shocked Steve.
“Aye, in all my years as a warrior, it was always better to take a little bit of extra time to properly prepare an attack or course of action, rather than rush in foolishly rush in-“
None of them had seen anyone to survive being bitten but that didn’t mean it wasn’t possible. They just all had to remain hopeful.
Chuckling, Bucky allows the Sub to drag him along to the bedroom, through to the bathroom that’s attached to the bedroom. Private and risk-free of anyone accidentally walking in.
“Loki and Thor- take that end and sort through what’s useful or what wont be, basically take anything that isn’t perishable or is machinery” gives them a copy of the list Bruce gave them, including that certain item that Steve still has no idea what it is. “Here is a list, make these priority if you can”
At that both soldiers blush once they realise exactly how close they were sat. The moment almost comical if it wasn’t so damn serious right then. Almost like a light bulb going off above his head, Bucky realises why Tony tried to pull away from Steve just then. Tony remembers why he liked Barnes now, he was the smarter of the two. And frankly better survival instincts as well compared to Mr. Lemming there.
Bruce looks at the place nervously, for obvious reasons. “I’ll stay out here with the kids and the dog…we will sit in the car and beep if anything happens ok? But er, I don’t think me going in there would be wise…”
“Not cool nat assassin before compassion!” Confused Sam raises an eyebrow at the two, he opens his mouth as if to ask what the hell that meant but thinks better of it and shakes his head.
“Ok,” Clint nods in acknowledgment to that, “say we do find another group, how do we determine they’re safe to bring back?” Raising an eyebrow, Clint tilts his head to the side to look up at Steve from a  better angle, “I mean, for all we know they could try playing us right? I’m assuming you have some form of plan of action in place?”
Nodding his thanks Clint makes a beeline for the coffee. Turning to the others Tony directs them to the eggs and toast and such to make breakfast. Silence falls upon the kitchen, only broken occasionally by Peter chatting to Tony about his homework. As son as possible, Tony herds his son upstairs with a quick statement over his shoulder for everyone to be ready as soon as to get the tour over with.
Giving a mock salute, Clint scampers up a tree, everyone else huddles together, the days are getting colder. They should try and find thicker clothing soon. With a thud, Clint drops down grinning. There’s a small cluster of houses just down this road, looks like an old construction site where they were making new houses!” Excitement thrummed through the group. A potential place to settle if they could find materials to fortify the place, and if it’s not already claimed.
“No, there..there was…” Bucky notices the poor boy shaking and starting to sniffle. Without thinking Bucky tipped Wade’s head back to try and comfort him but pauses as he sees the burn scars. His face must show his shock as Wade quickly tries to cover his face again, panic flitting across his face. Shaking his head to snap himself out of his surprise, Bucky tops him from covering himself completely.
“I bet they saw lot of whales Pete, maybe one day we may end up on the ocean? We never know, I mean- we’re kind of like pirate already hmm? Pillaging buildings for things we want” brightening Peter grins widely and nods excitedly
Smirking she sets up the mugs to be filled, “sorry Tony not my type but if you give me the first bit of chocolate you find next supply run..” she trails off teasingly.
Nodding in agreement with Natasha, Tony claps a hand onto Bruce’s shoulder and grins, “I will take care of it ok? I’ll to the guys and we will figure out an action plan ok?”
Heaving a sigh, Sam approaches forward a bit into the crowded room, eyes trailing over each person as he silently evaluates them all.
“We don’t know exactly who they are, all we know is that it’s lead by someone named Francis. It’s a large group that extends out for miles; we have no idea where their main base even is. All we know is that they attack smaller groups and take anyone they think could be useful to them somehow. We had a group follow us for days trying to take us down and steal Negasonic and Yukio; me and Colossus are too dangerous for them to attempt to try and take.”
Biting her lip a bit she mulled over his question. Usually she would say yes, but she has no clue who the father is. Is he the type who likes kids? Would he step up to help protect Peter in this troubled time? Or would he sneer and walk away anyway? To many variables for her to make a proper answer. Choosing her words carefully she puts a hand on his comfortingly.
As Tony worked at the desk in the bedroom, the two kids behind him chatted as they played a game of go fish with some card they found in the house. Punk the dog sat at his feet already snoozing contently after having been fed for the first time in ages most likely.
“Why the hell do we need these?!” Bewildered, Bucky pockets the one of each on his person, Steve pockets a bouncy ball but hands back the bomb, not quite comfortable holding it. He prefers his shield as a weapon of choice.
It’s Natasha that answers, her shoulders hunched almost as if she’s afraid to speak, “Clint is being seen by Bruce, he was hit by a crossbow bolt in the leg.”
Sighing softly, Tony gently runs his fingers through Peter’s hair. In the peripheral of his vision, he sees Sam slip out- most likely to go loo or to check on the others. Bucky closes the door behind Sam before making his way to where they are and sits down by Peter’s feet.
The search also helped delay them to give Bucky time to catch up, so everyone was content to spend the whole day scavenging the town and the supermarkets. Taking the cars so to make quick getaways and also easier to carry everything they do pick up. Tony had even found a few books on guns and bullet making to keep around. He himself already knew how to make the bullets obviously, but he was pretty sure the others weren’t as well versed in weapons making as he was. So having a few books on hand should they find a suitable facility, would be useful should for whatever reason, he was unable to make the bullets himself.
Admitting defeat in chasing info about Francis, Tony turned his attention on Colossus’s own group; it is a relatively big group considering Tony had only seen duos or singular people before now; the  group consists of an old man in a wheelchair called Charles, an older teen/young adult called John but went by his super name Pyro. A man called Logan that had helped save Nat’s group earlier, Negasonic, Dopinder and finally an old lady called Al who is blind.
“Jesus fuck Bucky” coughing uncomfortably, face bright red as images again sprang to his mind, making his body heat up in both arousal and discomfort. “Now isn’t really the time to be talking about things like that jerk.”
“ I’m going down to the gate to check for any Dead. Possibly closing them as well, the Hulk is uncomfortable with them being open. I want you two to stay in here and stay quiet ok? Any trouble comes you hide in the footwells and call the others. Got it?” Satisfied when he gets nods in acknowledgement, Bruce grabs his bag for just in case and gets out, Wade following him surprisingly.
As planned, Tony and Bucky had gone to get the fuel and had immediately noticed, nearly all vehicles gone from the area. All that remained, were the larger machinery. Peter had stayed at the house with Bruce and Sam. Both men packing and waiting for either party to come back.
“This is the last well, I have three to take from over the course of the year, sometimes the others dry up quickly if there lack of rain. So don’t be alarmed if water stops coming out as you pump. That there is the pump. That fence over there is the far end of my property.”
finally an update for you all! i have included a fan poem that i had been given permission a while back to share and include. written by thoughtfulbreadpolice- no dead nation. hope you all enjoy her poem as well as this chapter!
“Got it” nodding, Sam turns to face away from the vehicle and scans the parking for any trouble. The group were beginning to worry that there wasn’t anyone else left in the continent, they have yet to pass anyone that wasn’t at the time being chased by a large herd, beyond their help. As much as they hated it, some people they had to pass by, knowing that nothing they could of possibly done would have saved them.
Sam and Thor helped the group pack up for the journey, helping Charles get his battered wheelchair loaded up while Logan carried him. Logan seemed particularly protective of Charles Sam noted, nearly always hovering nearby Charles when he could and being the one to help him when Charles asks for help.
“Their continuing on, but we hafta hide. A horde is on its way” Tugs on Bucky’s arm to get him going, the urgency and nervousness of being seen making him jittery.
Steve isn’t going to give up hope just yet. He can feel it in his gut that Bucky is still alive, all they had to do was give him time to catch up again.  Meaning he had to try and find new ways to stall for as long as possible before the group forces him to move onwards.
Outside the mansion gates, the sun sunken halfway down the sky with night quickly approaching, a Deado shuffles along the path- It’s mind focused solely on finding it’s next meal. It doesn’t care how far it needs to walk or what it even finds, it just wants fresh warm meat from a still heart-beating body. Jaw hanging loose as rotting skin started to peel and fall apart exposing bone and rotting muscles; how the dead could still walk and move despite the state of their bodies, was one of the many mysteries of the Deado’s.
Thor grins as he sees them approach and look down at the young kid, patiently waiting for him to get control of his excitement.
“Do you think this has something to do with Francis?” Sam wondered quietly, his voice barely above a whisper in the suddenly vast entrance hallway.
“Steve, it’s ok I can take care of myself,” putting a soothing hand on Steve’s arm, Tony gave him a reassuring grin. “You know Lo-Lo is right-“
Walking around, Tony had taken time to show the group all three wells and pumps and the boarders and to also inspect the fences for any weaknesses. So far everything is good. The fields all clear of deado’s, as they head to the last fence to check it over, Bruce and Natasha stay at the well with Peter to pump the water. Moving to be walking next to Tony, Steve glances at him out of the corner of his eye. Noticing how Tony had tensed as he came closer.
“I’ve found one!” Clint calls from just ahead of the group, grinning he holds up his hand to wave tem over. A land Rover is the car he was looking in. Keys still in the ignition, ready to go. Gas full, or near enough full.  A quick check in the back seats and the boot reveal the car to be clear of any hidden surprises. With a determined look Steve takes the drivers seat as the others pile in and they drive.
Walking to the front door, Steve carefully opens it holding his shield up and a gun at his side as they enter the house. Inside looks like any other home, furniture clean, tv on a stand facing the sofa. In a corner is a pile of children’s toys, of building blocks and stuffed animals, on a small shelf are some books. Oh god he hopes the child isn’t here...
Brightening up instantly, Peter nods enthusiastically shovelling in a mouthful of food finally, much to Tony’s joy.
“Remind me again, why we needed to catch one of these? We’re not taking that thing inside are we?”Sam eyes the Deado dubiously, it has finally noticed them and is making grabby hands at them from where it hung.
The place itself its two stories high, it wide giving it an intimidating appearance as they park outside the front door. Ivy grows up the sides of the walls. Obviously, this has been here for a long while for this much to grow. The windows have already started to get grime on from the elements. It’s not been long enough for dirt to obscure the windows but they’re noticeably dusty.
Grinning Natasha just winks at him and sips her own drink daintily. During their banter Peter wakes up yawning and rubbing his eyes accepting a small cup of juice that gets handed to him and Tony running his hand through his hair soothingly.
I split this into two parts as the next bit I was struggling to get right so I decided to post the first half now for you all! Hope you all  enjoy!
Steve glances around trying to find an alternative route should they get discovered. Its a blank wall behind them belonging to an old factory.  Silently cursing he kneels down by Bucky to peek under as well. Sharing a glance they both grimace when realising how bad their situation is. Bucky quickly goes back to keeping watch.
“…you promise? Promise that you will! In fact, pinkie promise!” With a determined look Wade sat up holding his pinkie out to Bucky, eyes narrowed at him. Bucky was unable to refuse him on this. The kid had been abandoned once already. “I pinkie promise Wade” He linked their pinkies smiling at him.
Cursing Steve thinks for a second as they all head to the front door. “Alright, Buck, you and me will go first clear the way if we have to” gets his keys out of his pocket that he always keep on him, “Tony, Bruce you two will go in the middle with Peter. Nat Clint bring up the rear. We have no time to grab out stuff- has everyone at least got a weapon?” Soft yes’s answer him, with a nod he opens the door as gently as he can.
“We continue the plan that we made, Sam take Natasha and Clint to your truck. I’ll take Bruce, Tony and Peter to the car. We will head on west to the next village. Tony did you and Bucky manage to get some fuel?”
Before all this, this would have been easy for the ex-black widow, but weeks of being on edge near constantly and sleepless nights from old nightmares as well as new ones, has drained her as it has all of them. Even the super soldiers where often looking worse for wear, whereas before they could of gone strong for days in a row. They all took the chance to rest when they could, not knowing when they would next have that chance.
At the bottom of the drive, snarls of more Dead at the now shut gate could be heard. Frenzied by the smell and sound of humans shouting.
Turning, Natasha sees a man that seems to be made entirely of metal and standing at 6 ft 7 tall- roughly. At his side is a Japanese teenage girl who looks tiny next to the metal guys bulk, her face appears friendly and open as she smile at the, her dark hair with a washed out purple/pin ends is pulled up into a tight high pony tail. They both stood about 4 feet away to give them space but still be heard. The man that had spoken had a Russian accent, mentally Natasha went over her memories and recalled a file on a guy who’s description fits this one in front of her.
“Yeah. I saw Bruce leave the room as we came up, Wade is doing well” smiling, Steve sat in an armchair, awaiting his turn. He smiled brighter as Tony seemed to sag a bit in relief at that news.
The easy atmosphere was a nice change from the usually charged and tense one that was usually present. For once the Sub could relax more. The air between them seemed less loaded. Perhaps Steve had the right idea to talk. Get all this out of the way now while they could. His heart felt lighter than it has in years, a feeling warmed him on the inside that feels like closure? Tony wasn’t sure entirely what it was he was feeling but he liked it.
“What can I say? He’s full of surprises. 6 pounds and 10 ounces he was. Absolutely the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I couldn’t believe he was mine...”
“Well, considering we have all that shiny new tech and stuff from that centre, me and Brucie-Bear spent most of the night setting up a lab into working order. He wants to see what the difference is between our blood, Wade’s and the Deado’s. See if we can come up with a vaccine or something you know? we may as well try while we still can.”
“I think it would be a good idea to bring them in, more people to split into defending this place while also getting Steve back. Hell, we maybe able to save more people out there from hoards, if we have a bigger group. Start a new community, draw other survivors to fight back against the dead”
“Cross my heart Cap, I’ll be a good boy the entire time, scouts honour.” Smirking up at the Dom, Tony cheekily salutes at him, winking for added measure. “Oh and Bruce wants this if anyone can find it,” smirking Tony hands Steve a piece of paper that has the item Bruce wants scribbled down on. Raising an eyebrow, Steve gives Tony an incredulous look but nods pocketing the bit of paper without another word.
Tony had never been so relieved to see a Dom in his life than he was that moment. His legs shaking from his own adrenaline staring to recede now that the danger is past, Tony would have vaulted over and kissed Steve if he had the strength. Opting instead to grin weakly, Tony nodded.
“We need to make that run into town sooner rather than later then. If any machines are salvageable, we want to be the ones to get them.”
“Agreed, keep eye out for more of them ok? And don’t forget to eat. Food very important” Scoffing at Colossus’s mothering, Logan mutters as he waves his hand in acknowledgment.
The air seems relaxed for a bit, they had to otherwise they would go insane worrying about everything every second of the day, every day. Didn’t mean they cared any less.
Occasionally they came across a Deado or two; staff members that had been locked out of the room where the rest where; but were able to swiftly dispatch them before they could make much sound, alerting others of the alive humans nearby.
“How diid your guys search go?” Steve’s voice is a low rumble, at any other time Tony would have found soothing and pleasant. Right then he just found it irritating after the long day.
Without warning the net drops to the floor causing him to sprawl out, face mushed into the ground from the impact. With a pained groan Bucky pushes up and struggles out of the net, not liking being so vulnerable like this. Once free he rolls to his feet and settles into a defensive stance, eyes glancing around for any attacks. Hs muscles coiled, ready to spring at a moment.
“Another group has come to the area, near the town just down the road, they have made camp at that mansion it seems. They actually went into the medi centre and cleared it out. That’s not the most interesting part though.”
“Ddaddy....who are they?” Steve turns his gaze back to the kid, so young, by themselves they wouldn’t last long out there. Tony looks torn at how to reply, he sneaks a worried look at him before turning back to his son. “You remember I told you about the Avengers kiddo?”
Scanning the area where Yukio say’s they last saw Steve, Natasha I near desperate to find him; who knows how many Deado’s their shooting drew to the town or out of unchecked buildings. Something glinting from the corner of her eye draws her attention, signaling to the others that she’s seen something she hurries to a cluster of boxes and bins, shoving hem aside to see what it is she saw.
“Further along the road, gotta grab some fuel if they left me any to use out by the working offices. Then go find a car to use and get to the next nearest town, Steve may continue on but he would drag his feet when and where he could to give me a chance to catch up.”
Grinding his teeth in irritation, Tony eventually lowers his hand and nods at Sam. He will listen for now.
“Tony? Come on sweetheart time to get up” voice soft as Steve can manage he smiles gently a Tony scrunches up his nose before large Bambi like eyes blink awake. It takes a few seconds before his eyes settle onto Steve’s. carefully Tony extracts himself from his slumbering son and sits up stretching.
