John took a sip of his beer. It seemed more bitter than it had earlier. He frowned at the can and sat it back down on the side table. He stood, regretting that standing meant displacing Sherlock’s hand. With any luck, his flatmate would put it back.
“You’ll get better with time. I'd appreciate it if you continued being my page-turner.”
So John sat in the chair opposite his friend and quietly watched him for a moment. The younger man lazily sipped at his drink, humming contentedly. John rarely saw this side of his friend. He wished there was some way for him to have this while sober. There were times outside of intoxication when Sherlock would look this way: relaxed, happy, pleased to be alive. At times, he would look that way after they had solved a case. They would smile together and enjoy the relief of finally winning. Sometimes they would be eating breakfast together, and John would catch his friend looking dreamy and relaxed for no reason at all.
So he did.
So John moved to sit in the chair next to Sherlock and aimed himself toward the music stand. Sherlock began to play, and, try as he might to look at the music, John felt his eyes drawn to the man. When his friend would play or compose, he normally faced the window. From this angle, though, John could see a story written on Sherlock’s face as his grey-green-blue eyes followed the lines on the page. There were no words to the song, yet John felt like he knew what the piece was about just by Sherlock's facial expressions. The music was soft and delicate, and it made him think of snow. He got lost in the thought of how snow might look in Sherlock’s hair when his friend suddenly met his eyes.
Sherlock snickered and handed him the can. John took a sip and savored it for a moment. It was sickeningly sweet, almost too sweet to enjoy. Sherlock preferred that to the best liquors in the world. That thought made John chuckle. Sherlock was pleased to have gotten that laugh he wanted out of the older man.
bad.” Sherlock was leaning forward a little bit. John’s heart hammered in response.
, more pliant. John was excited beyond words about that hand, but he couldn't show it, couldn't ruin the mood. He couldn't let himself be carried away by hopes that only existed because of booze. Suddenly, Sherlock regretted doing all this while under the influence. It was obvious that John didn’t think any of what they were both clearly feeling was real. He thought it was the cocktail talking.
“When did you get back?” Sherlock asked, his smile evident even in his voice. John had imagined that Sherlock would be depressive when intoxicated. It turned out strong drink made him a fair bit more chipper.
ing noise and pointed at the upper left corner of the top row of lines. There was a squiggly bit (a treble clef?), several letter b’s sprinkled next to it, and a fraction (four over four).
Sherlock quickly finished his second can and wandered over to the refrigerator. John knew that there was only one more Jamaican in the fridge. Sherlock wouldn’t touch beer with a ten-meter pole, so the bottle of white wine was certainly next. John hoped they could split it. As Sherlock meandered back to his seat, he dragged his free hand across John’s shoulders. There was a silly smile on his lips, like he knew something John didn’t. John tensed a bit at the touch, though not out of discomfort. Sherlock sat down, smirking. He gave John an obvious once-over and cracked open his canned cocktail. The shorter man sipped his beer. They maintained eye-contact until John could hardly stand it anymore.
“That was all me,” Sherlock said.
John grabbed a Fuller’s from the refrigerator. The beer wouldn’t even get him the slightest bit tipsy, but at least Sherlock wouldn’t feel alone. He cracked it open, returned to the sitting room, and took a sip. Sherlock took a sip of his drink, too, and for a few minutes, they sat in silence. Sherlock stared at John. John stared at the lamp. The sounds of the city carried on outside, even at that late hour. London never stopped. At least it broke up the quiet.
. John took another drink and set the can down beside him, then turned to look at Sherlock. He hadn’t noticed the younger man observing him and realized rather acutely how close their faces were.
“I suppose that might be a bit entertaining. Let’s give it a try,” Sherlock said, handing his violin off to John. John had never held the instrument before. Even when he tried to organize the sitting room on off days, he never touched Sherlock’s violin and music. It was the only thing John really felt was off limits in the flat (even the body parts in the fridge needed to be shuffled around sometimes, and John was not afraid of that task). The violin was a bit heavier than he expected, and it was in pristine condition, contrasting with the disarray of the room. The instrument was clearly worth a lot to his friend. He liked holding it.
Sherlock was a hair's breadth away. John’s breathing became shallow.
“Not too long ago. Sit with me.”
John liked it. A small part of him hoped that he was at least
John’s mouth made a little “o”. It would take an expert performer to make a random spot on one page connect seamlessly with the start of the next, without warning. He adored how talented his friend was. He thought he saw some of that adoration mirrored in his friend's face, but he wasn't sure.
When John met Sherlock, he assumed the younger man would have expensive tastes. In many aspects of life he did; Sherlock always had the best clothes and drank the rarest tea he could lay his hands on. John assumed that any strong drink Sherlock chose to consume would be similar. John expected his flatmate would have a cabinet of rare liquor. What he found instead was quite the opposite.
A smile pulled at the corner of Sherlock's mouth. John’s heart beat a little bit harder, maybe out of nerves, or maybe because Sherlock was smiling
he could take black and white and create colorful melodies. He painted stories in the air with his bow. Before, it was just pretty background music. Now it felt like more.
“Fruit and a bit of rum. Probably not your thing.”
Sherlock sipped again. John wondered if it was any good. Even more, he wondered what had gotten into his friend aside from alcohol.
John to laugh this night.
something. He looked so pleasant.
So John closed the gap to taste that sweet drink on the lips of the man he loved, and soon, John was feeling quite drunk, too. And they kissed until all they knew was Jamaican Me Crazy and what it felt like to be in each other’s arms.
“I like this,” Sherlock said, giving John’s knee a squeeze. John’s breath hitched.
That mind he loved.
“Please tell me that isn’t just the booze,” John whispered, moving back in, needing to kiss him again, needing to know it was
this sober.
Sherlock hoped that John getting up didn’t mean he was doing something wrong.
“What are you making that face for?”
“No, I mean here, being
“You wouldn’t drink it if it was
And on, and on, and on…
“I think I will.”
“You got a head-start. I have to catch up,” John explained, already pouring a second glass. Sherlock smiled again, moving to place his hand back on John’s knee. Again, John did not remove it. When they had polished off the bottle of wine and John had started to feel a bit looser, he leaned against Sherlock. He took a drink of his now-warm beer, which tasted even more unappetizing than it had earlier. He already wished he had more wine.
“Alright.”
There was no case one particular winter day, and when the silence of the flat became too oppressive to stand, Sherlock picked up his violin, flipped to a random piece of music on his music stand, and began to play. John looked on from his chair, just barely able to see the music past Sherlock’s torso. Every so often, Sherlock would stop playing to flip the page, and John took that as his in.
"What. Do. You. Know." Each word was carefully enunciated, Sherlock's fist clenching and unclenching.
Mrs Hudson sighs and eases herself out of her comfy armchair. Her hip is aching and she’d hoped for some quiet time in front of the TV  before bed but the laughter and splashing coming from upstairs is enough to bring a blush to even her worldly cheeks.  She is thrilled that her stupid boys are finally seeing each other clearly but she really doesn’t need to hear every step forward in their relationship; their very loving and active relationship if the change in sounds is anything to go by. Mrs Hudson ensconces herself in her little kitchen and reaches for her radio, the first channel is  classical music, she usually uses it to soothe her to sleep, but no - not tonight, she shakes her head ruefully as a load groan followed by what she knows to be an aroused chuckle filters down, she needs something loud. She finally settles on something with a thudding, heavy beat and, deciding that peace and quiet will be absent guests this evening, pulls one of her favourite cooking books off its small shelf and grabs her mixing bowl from under the sink.  From the sounds of activity coming from upstairs she thinks that her boys will benefit from a sugar-loaded snack in a few hours time.  She flips through the glossy pages of her recipe book and hums along to the music blaring out of the radio, eyes flicking at each photo of gloriously decadent desserts before finally deciding that they all seem just a bit too ‘fussy’.  After a little bit of scrabbling through various bits of paper Mrs Hudson retrieves a simple sheet of lined paper that is covered in beautiful, old fashioned cursive writing.  It’s an old family favourite, a recipe for mince pies written out by her mother and given to Mrs Hudson as a wedding gift to ‘help keep her husband happy.’  A wry smile crosses Mrs Hudson’s gently wrinkled face as she allows herself to think of her husband and their marriage during better times.  They’d not known each other for very long but the chemistry between them had been instant and living in a time when sex outside of marriage was frowned upon a wedding was the obvious next step in their romance, especially when she had thought she was expecting. Mrs Hudson unconsciously pats her slim stomach, no baby had ever lasted long inside her, she simply hadn't been destined to have children that were genetically her own.  With a deep sigh she breathes out her fleeting sadness and thinks of her ‘sons’ that are finally getting their own lives together.  They’ve brought her as much happiness and worry as sons of her own blood could ever have done and she loves them with a protective force that still sometimes takes her by surprise.
He blinks rapidly, trying to work out what it is that woke him, all the while taking stock of his bearings - hospital room, mid-morning, John.
John leans onto the table, his elbows resting at the edge, his body angled towards Sherlock. He smiles as Sherlock mirrors his actions, their positions turning their outside table into an intimate setting for two.
And as the mirror says we're older
"A child's movie. You are comparing the work of one of the greatest criminal masterminds we have ever known to that of a child's film?" Mycroft looks distinctly non-plussed, sending John off into another fit of giggles.
Dinner is a quiet affair, shy glances are exchanged and feet entangled beneath the table; gentle, light hearted but mostly silent flirting. John is quietly surprised by how much Sherlock eats and keeps tempting him to try bits from his own plate, enjoying the way that Sherlock's lips wrap around the end of the chopsticks and his eyes close as the flavour hits his tongue. His own appetite is stronger than it has been in a while and he knows it's because he is sharing the whole experience with Sherlock, back where he belongs. The wine indeed adds to the celebratory atmosphere and somehow it feels like tonight is the real start to the rest of their life together and despite the rising tension between them and their acknowledged eagerness to be sexually intimate, neither man is rushing this moment.
"Why is it important that we know where he's been walking, Sherlock?" John folds his arms over his chest and resists the temptation to push his chair back on two legs. "If he still had the jewels he would hardly have chucked them in some pond somewhere!" He knows he shouldn't reinforce Sherlock's theory that everyone in the world is an idiot but sometimes he just can't resist winding Sherlock up a little, some harmless teasing guaranteed to get a reaction.
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
“Correct.”  He places a large, warm hand on John’s shoulder and squeezes briefly.  “You’ve been to war, John, you can survive one date.”
John gasps when Sherlock moves to nibble along his jawline, each graze of teeth sending surges of pleasure straight to his groin.
“Maybe they’re just people holidaying here?  People Mycroft thought might be of interest?”  John answers off-handedly.  A little too off-handedly.
They carry on kissing and a high sound escapes Sherlock when John undoes his trousers, the touch of John's strong, skilled fingers so close to his penis pulling something that sounds too close to a needy whine for Sherlock to admit to. He steps out of his trousers but keeps a firm hold of John, not allowing the kiss to completely break. Sherlock is overly aware of how all of his body is straining towards John, eager for his touch. He shivers as John's gaze travels slowly over his body, unconsciously wetting his lips when his attention stills briefly on Sherlock’s boxers and the undeniable shape of a full, hard cock.
John smiles as he slides in to bed on the left side, immediately turning to lie on his right side, body language more relaxed now.  “You know, it’s bloody fantastic when you do that.”
I thought …”
“Yes, thank you.” Rosie answers very seriously, before breaking off in to giggles.  “You’re so funny, Uncle Mycroft.”  With this statement, she gives Mycroft’s legs another brief hug before settling in John’s armchair with a teddy and a book, happily ‘reading’ to her toy.
The comment goes unaddressed and John allows the conversation to move on.
"What makes you think Lestrade will do it?" Sherlock asks, genuinely confused as to what the answer may be.
"And you did, sweetheart.” Mary mocks.  “You saved him for me.”  She walks into the light, she's had time to change and wash since taking Sherlock from his home.  Now she wears a simple pair of black trousers and a red top, her slim figure on full, deliberate, show.
Lowering his voice, the surgeon continues. “I hope I am not overstepping the mark, John, but I, and other members of the staff, have observed that a certain level of animosity exists between your wife and others close to you, I take the liberty of mentioning this as no attempt has been made to keep this level of antagonism secret.
Finally, Mary had been the one to raise the subject of Sherlock and tell John to return home.  In the quiet of 221B John was able to admit that she was a far stronger person than he; he hadn't deserved her.  Doubt suddenly clouded his brow - why would he be any more deserving of Sherlock? The man had put his life on the line for his friends, for John in particular, never truly knowing if he would survive.  John had felt the evidence with his own hands that Sherlock had not returned physically unscathed and he knew from his own time facing possible death on a daily basis that Sherlock wouldn't have returned mentally unscarred, either.  If that bastard Moriarty hadn't already blown his own brains out, John would be more than happy to do it for him, but only after inflicting serious pain on him for every hurt he had ever caused Sherlock.
"I'm so pleased you only had that bloody sheet on Sherlock.  I'm not sure my bravery would have lasted that long if I hadn't been able to see what my words were doing to you." John ran his tongue firmly along Sherlock's cock once, before lifting his head again. "I've wanted you for so long." John slowly licked along the length of Sherlock's cock again, smiling at the sensation of Sherlock's hands tightening in his hair.
“Nope.”
"Ah. That would explain the need for Mycroft to be involved. I thought a lot of these 'senior' members chose to be celibate, or had he not?" John noticed that both their glasses were empty again.  He quickly filled both, leaning even closer to Sherlock, enthralled by his story.
Sherlock feels himself nod, but it almost feels as if he is watching all this happen to someone else.  He can hardly believe what he can see on John's face.  Love, devotion, passion and openness, nothing hidden.  He feels himself growing light headed, John steadying him.
Both men are now lost within each other, each thrust and clench driving them closer to their climax. Sherlock alters his angle slightly and the head of his cock brushes against John's prostate. John arches up and digs his nails in further, certain he will be leaving half moon marks on the white skin. A few well aimed thrusts more and John feels his orgasm barrelling down upon him; he clenches around Sherlock and gasps at the resulting throb. Sherlock's thrusts lose their rhythm and become more frantic, before he suddenly stills and John feels hot pulse after hot pulse surge into his body. Sherlock's eyes are clenched shut and his lips parted, his face an expression of pure bliss and it is that look that pushes John over the edge, his own come pulsing between them, painting stripes over his stomach and up onto his chest.
Lestrade studies the woman more closely, trying to imagine her in modern clothes and with her ornately styled dark hair worn differently.
"I loved the woman that I knew as Mary Morstan; maybe not enough, but I did love her. But that woman never existed, so my answer is easy." A cleansing breath and John continues. "I want nothing more to do with her. I want a divorce. I want my belongings removed from the house and I want her gone. Let the punishment fit the crime, I say."
“I’m afraid I have very little information for you.”  Mycroft shifts his weight until he is leaning lightly on his umbrella, removing his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder and resting it, overlapping the other, on the handle.  His outward appearance is suggestive of detachment but the way his hands periodically clench is a tell of emotional disquiet that Sherlock has been able to recognise for many years.  “John remained in a deep, apparently restful sleep until approximately thirty minutes ago.  He then appeared to stretch before going stiff, this was followed by a series of convulsions.”
"I left home at 18. Mycroft was, by then, 25 and had been living with Michael, discreetly, for a few years. I'd been at university only a year when I received a phone call from my mother. There had been a train accident and both Mycroft and Michael had been injured, Michael fatally so. I discovered later that Mycroft had held Michael as he took his last breath, waiting for help to arrive. Mycroft did not take it well, as was to be expected, locking himself away in their flat, wearing his 'promise' ring always in memoriam. When he finally did re-emerge, months later, he was a colder, harder man than before."
John returns from the bathroom and kneels next to Sherlock, his weight causing the mattress to dip and Sherlock to tilt slightly towards him.  Carefully, reverently,  John cleans Sherlock's stomach and chest before throwing the cloth in the rough direction of the wash basket.  Pulling the sheets over their cooling skins, leaving their chests bare, John snuggles into Sherlock.  His head rests on Sherlock's shoulder, an arm and leg trailing over Sherlock's body.  Slowly Sherlock wraps his arms around John's strong torso, pulling him closer.  Both men sigh in contentment and John trails his fingers in random patterns over Sherlock's chest and flat stomach.  Tilting his head down, Sherlock kisses John's ruffled hair.
A slight movement from the bed alerts Sherlock to the approaching consciousness of the man ensconced upon it. The anaesthetic has taken precisely the amount of time Sherlock was informed it would to wear off.  His limbs protest when he stands, still weak from his own injuries and subsequent decampment from his hospital bed.  A bid to protect a dear friend, an ultimately futile bid.  He shakes his head to clear the image of a body lying on the cold, concrete floor of an empty house, in a pool of its own blood.  Now is not the time to be dwelling on those events.  A quick visual sweep of the bed reassures Sherlock that the person is suffering no distress as he walks, albeit more slowly than he is accustomed, to the door, dragging his drip stand along with him.  The morphine delivery is on as low as possible whilst still allowing him to maintain a clear head and a manageable pain level.
"Not necessary, both tested clear after the bio hazard scare. Neither of us have been with anyone since." Sherlock's gasped words all John needed to hear. Leaning forward slightly John used his hand to position Sherlock's cock at his entrance. Sherlock thrust his hips slightly, causing the tip of his cock to press into the sensitive area. He met John's gaze with his own, both men's faces were flushed red, their eyes dark and intense, their lips parted, breath panting. But on both faces there was a look of love, deep and powerful.
"What did you order, Sherlock? I caught one and two in amongst it all, but I admit I missed the rest."
"You've not had sex with Mary for a while, not since..."  He spoke automatically, pausing only to study John again, noting the sucked in cheeks and averted eyes.  "...... And before then you were always careful to use protection."  Sherlock for once avoided stating the obvious, that John had not had sex with Mary since Sherlock's return from the dead, but was internally reeling at the revelation.  What had caused John, a physically loving man, to stop having sex with the woman he was engaged to? Sherlock distractedly pressed his fingers over his cheekbone, wincing at the sudden stab of pain: tender, swelling already apparent, skin broken and bleeding.
“Yes.  For my suit.”  John says slowly, as if talking to the idiot Sherlock has occasionally accused him of being.  “The suit I plan on wearing at some point over this weekend.”
"Come home with me, Mycroft. I'm sure I can track it down somewhere for us to watch. We'll grab some wine and some food, too; make a night of it?" Greg's words are light but even John can hear what is actually being asked.
Sherlock insists.
“I need to see him, Mycroft. I need to see him with my own two eyes.”  Sherlock is already off his bed and grabbing for his dressing gown.  With difficulty he manoeuvres the drip bag through its wide sleeve before hanging the bag back on the drip stand.  He falters in his progress momentarily before Lestrade helps him to slip the dressing gown on properly.
“Cheers.”  John laughs, his face wreathed in lines of genuine happiness, knowing how hard small talk is for Sherlock and appreciating the effort.  Leaning closer, John reaches up and removes a tiny piece of lint from Sherlock’s shoulder, his hand lingers for what seems like an unending moment before slowly stroking down Sherlock’s arm.  Sherlock shivers in response; somehow the gesture feels more intimate than anything that has preceded it.  Apart from their lunchtime kiss.  A not-so-mere kiss to the cheek.  That stands alone.  With the ping of the lift door John steps slowly away but not before sliding his hand in to Sherlock’s once more.  Sherlock misses his proximity immediately.
John settles more comfortably into the pillows and gradually relaxes. The last thing he remembers before sleep overtakes him is the sensation of Sherlock's deep breaths against his chest and the feeling of Sherlock's steady heartbeat.
"And was that just 'hand-jobs and rubbing against each other'?" Sherlock queries.
"No, together, 'There's always two of us', that's what you said." Sherlock's voice grows weaker as a wave of tiredness hits him. He can see that his morphine level is still quite high, enough to keep the pain relatively at bay but also enough to make him sleep for many more hours than he would like. At the back of his mind, he realises that John must be monitoring his levels and that he considers it important for Sherlock to sleep. Distantly he recalls that the body often does its best healing whilst asleep.
"Why, Sherlock?" John was now looking directly at him, dark blue eyes fixed on him, giving him no escape, his voice dangerously calm. Meeting his gaze, Sherlock realised he could not avoid answering anymore.  Chewing on the inside of his lower lip Sherlock tried to gauge how much to say.  If he said too much, John might leave again, but if he didn't say what needed to be said, he would be alone again anyway.
John’s mood lifts a little when he sees his outfit all laid out and ready for the evening; he has been strangely looking forward to this party ever since the invitation got stabbed on to the mantlepiece.  It’s their first social event since he and Sherlock reconciled.
Sherlock places his bag on the single bed, glancing briefly across at the double, his face wistful. "This will be fine for me, John. I'm sure I won't sleep much. You have the double bed, you need your sleep."
"My contacts tell me that Doctor Watson was seen accompanying Mary Morstan in an ambulance during the early hours of yesterday morning."
“I’m ‘is protege, Doctor Watson.
John can't hold back any longer and he pulls Sherlock down, mashing their lips together, the kiss is hard and frantic, the pace of their thrusting picking up to match. One hand clutches Sherlock's arse and his heart pounds at each clench and release of powerful muscles beneath his fingertips; his other hand is wrapped in Sherlock's hair, pulling Sherlock further into the kiss. Sherlock is not resisting in the slightest, his breath comes in sharp huffs against John's cheek and his tongue is probing John's mouth, tracing and tasting, the sensation driving John close to the edge. Just when he thinks that he is at the point of spilling against Sherlock, Sherlock pulls away and stills his hips.
“And Mary?”
Sherlock studies John a moment longer before raising his coffee to his mouth and draining his now tepid drink.
Sherlock sleeps for a couple of hours more before awakening to the sound of a nurse speaking quietly to John, informing him of her actions as she performs them.  John is still sedated and Sherlock appreciates the professionalism and respect the nurse shows for her sleeping patient.  He uses her presence to excuse himself and make use of the small toilet facilities that are opposite John’s room. The mirror shows a more haggard reflection than Sherlock has seen since his return; the effect of his own injury, his confrontation with Mary and John’s hospitalisation.  Splashing cold water on his face and running his damp fingers through his hair he tries to tame his unruly curls.  He smooths his hands over his pyjamas, trying to rid them of the worst of the creases, wincing when his drip-feed snags.  He thanks a deity he does not believe in that in a day or two he will be off the bloody thing and able to regain some freedom of movement.  Not that he's planning on going anywhere, not until John is back on his feet.  Risking a final glance in the mirror he observes that no amount of cold water is going to hide the worry and strain he feels. He gives his reflection in the mirror a brief nod before turning away.
“And then he goes and walks around Wimbledon Common in a thunder-storm dressed as a Womble!”  She laughs, patting John’s arm gently.  “Oh honestly John, I wish you could have seen him, you’d have laughed for weeks!”
“Oi you, less of the old!”  John replies good-naturedly, licking some jam off his thumb.  “I’m not that much older than you.”
I know who Mary hurt and killed.
“That you did, love.  How was your dinner?”
Suddenly it was Sherlock's turn to be amazed. John took control of the dance once more, effortlessly moving them around the floor of the flat.  Opening his mouth to say something, anything, he found he couldn't. Blinking rapidly to clear his confusion he realised that the noise in his mind was not much more than background noise, like an itch on the edge of his consciousness - needing a scratch later but nothing to concern him now.
"Did I disturb you, John?" Although Sherlock's attention appears to be back on his screen, John is very much aware that Sherlock is actually studying him instead.
John’s words are heartfelt and he is already making moves to get out of bed, his movements still a little slow, still a little shaky.
“Your brother practically dragged me out of bed this morning and insisted that I be here for when they took John off the sedation medication.”
“Text, idle texts.”
John places the tray on their disconcertingly clean kitchen table and allows Mrs Hudson to shoo him away as she sets out the meal.
"Obsessive behaviour? Was he trying to control her life? Not allowing her out of the house? God, that's awful."
"Michael John Arthur Allen?" He reads. "Allen? That's her real surname isn't it?" He glances around at the faces of the men in the room. "Is it her father or something? I thought he was dead. An uncle perhaps?"
“Our ‘romantic weekend’ has started.” Sherlock clarifies, even as his heart sinks at the knowledge that this contact is just part of their persona for the case, he shoves the foolish hope back down that had sprung up at John’s touch.
Sherlock wakes before John, pleased to have done so, as he watches the play of emotions over the ever-expressive face.
Their Ferienhaus is a beautiful stone cottage, ten kilometres outside of Hardegg. The small path and parking area is completely surrounded by trees, rendering the little dwelling very secluded and peaceful. John is struck by the beauty of the place; as much as he loves the hustle and bustle of city life, he could get used to a country escape very quickly. He's not sure how Sherlock would feel about so much peace and tranquility, but he's relatively certain he could find something for Sherlock to do to keep him occupied. Some of the many occupations that he could provide Sherlock with suddenly flood his mind and he stops mid-step on the way into the house.
John opened his mouth to argue but snapped it shut again when Sherlock put a trembling finger over his lips, closing his eyes John relished the sensation of it against his lips, the sensitive skin tingling at the touch.
Did you hold my hand?”
God. I'm so bored!! - SH
“You’ve not deleted that?”  John pours them both a glass of ice water from the jug on the table, his hand perfectly stable despite his laughter.
Sherlock allows the conversation to end, as John obviously wishes, faking interest in whatever mindless drivel passes as daytime entertainment.
John is pushed, almost roughly, against the wall before Sherlock backs away, pacing for what seems like an eternity to an anxious John.
“Yeah?
“Yes.”  Sherlock agrees, his head tilted back, his features illuminated only by the starlight.  “They really are.”
"Never." John feels something akin to a hug as Sherlock briefly tightens his hold and squeezes his nape. "I promise."
He smirks.
John wakes to the sound of clattering in the kitchen. His first instinct is to leap from bed but the warm and relaxed presence of an injured Sherlock on his chest tempers his reaction. Slowly and with great care, John extracts himself from Sherlock's embrace and slips out of bed. He walks on silent feet until he is pressed up against the bedroom door. The clattering continues but it is obvious now that the person is trying their best to make their presence known, rather than wishing to surprise the residents of the flat, but also not to wake them if they are still sleeping. John relaxes a little when he realises who it is most likely to be, the subtle scent of flowery perfume drifts under the bedroom door accompanied by the soft slip-slop of slippered feet. Mrs Hudson. Unexpectedly, the footsteps head into the living room , not the bedroom as John had originally supposed. Hushed voices momentarily confuse him and he slips into his abandoned clothes, pondering over who could be in their living room. As he opens the bedroom door, the voices become clearer, no longer muted by the wood. He shakes his head, realising he must still be groggy from sleep. There are not that many people who come to visit the flat, even fewer now that Sherlock isn't taking cases and, considering the current circumstances and the fact that there are two male voices to be heard, the only solution is blindingly obvious; Mycroft and Lestrade. John allows himself a moment to be thankful that he had cleared away the evidence of his and Sherlock's frantic coupling and that Sherlock is still asleep and oblivious of John's mistake, before walking through the flat and entering the living room.
Sherlock spends long minutes lavishing attention on John, gradually working his way further down his length until he has his nose pressed against crisp, honey-blonde hair.
The same nurse they spoke to previously is at the desk and eyeing them warily, obviously concerned of what may be asked of her next.
“Christ, say it a bit louder why don’t you?  I don’t think they heard you at the back.”  John hisses, glancing up and down the railway car before running a hand over his face, the colour high on his cheeks.  “There is such a thing as masturbation, Sherlock.”  He says quietly, leaning over the table a little to limit the amount of people who might hear him.
The earnestness on Sherlock’s face convinces John that Sherlock, at least, believes this to be true.
John has been on the verge of waking for a while and their arrival wakes him fully.
"I guess it means it's real then." John states dully.
John glances over his shoulder at Sherlock, his hand still outstretched under the spray of the shower. He quirks a grin even as his cheeks flush with colour under Sherlock's gaze. Sherlock's stomach flips; something he knows to be scientifically impossible but really couldn't care less about explaining now - not with an extremely naked and smiling John in front of him - and he reaches out until his hand is resting on the curve of John's shoulder. He decides that his hand look ridiculously large and spindly and moves to retract it, suddenly conscious of his lanky gawkiness next to John's compact strength and easy good looks. He doesn't get far though before John's small hand rests over his, stilling his movement. John pulls slightly, encouraging Sherlock to move closer. He keeps pulling until Sherlock is standing so close that his flaccid penis rests against the strong curve of John's backside. He breathes out a sigh at the contact, ruffling the hair around John's ear, causing John to pull his arm further forward, linking their fingers. Sherlock slides his other arm around John's waist and closes his eyes, cutting out the sense of sight and allowing himself to just feel. He can feel the warmth that John puts out, can feel as it works its way through his skin and seems to make a home in his very bones. He can feel the slight roughness of the hair on John's legs where it comes into contact with his own, the way it tickles as they sway slightly on each breath. And he can feel the way John's skin breaks into goosebumps when he leans forward and nuzzles light kisses onto the nape of John's neck.
A firm squeeze to his bicep shakes John out of his memories and back into the present.
For the first time Sherlock notices that the door to John’s room is ajar and a member of staff is altering the settings on many of the machines.
Slowly, they began to move to the music, Sherlock all the while watching John's slightly lowered face, watching his lips move. Chanting. John was chanting the movements to himself. Together. Left. Right diagonally. Left to right. Right back. Left diagonally. Right to left. Suddenly Sherlock realised that John was actually taking the lead in the dance, moving them both through the moves, the realisation sending a sudden, intense spike of desire through him.  Desperately searching for a way to break through the sudden confusion he spoke, the words breaking John's concentration, making him falter.
The waiter shakes his head and gives a small shrug.
Marry me
Clamping down firmly on his own fear John knelt beside Sherlock's thrashing body.  He knew from his experiences of nightmares/PTSD episodes, call it what you will, that to be suddenly awakened would cause extreme distress to the sufferer and put the other person at risk of injury.  He had no fear for his own safety, knowing he could keep himself safe, but he did not want to add to Sherlock's obvious distress.  John knew that in the past Sherlock's violin playing had often pulled him out of the clinging grip of his own personal terrors and soothed him into a more peaceful sleep. John's own musical skills were laughably inadequate for the task, so instead he started to talk, keeping his voice calm and even.
Sherlock spread his strong hands over John's hips, guiding him further down.  The feeling was intense, he could feel strong muscles encasing him, biting his lip he fought against the approaching release, he never wanted this sensation to end. He could feel as John tensed his thigh muscles lowering himself further onto his cock, the sensation causing them both to groan aloud. They both took it slowly initially, savouring the sensation, controlling the intensity. Sherlock's grip was tight on John's hips, fingertips leaving red marks whenever he altered his grip. Without warning Sherlock pulled out and flipped them over, pinning John beneath him, thrusting his cock back inside the warm tightness of John.
Another instalment now awaits, I hope you enjoy it. I would say we have definitely passed the halfway point for the story.
"Oh my god." John's breath was coming in gasps again.  If he hadn't just come he was sure he'd be coming again, just the sight of Sherlock aroused was hugely erotic, but to be the reason for that was overwhelming, in the most indecently wonderful way.  John felt like he was a teenager again, riddled with hormones and amazed to be in a sexual situation.
"Are you ok Mary? Can I get you a drink? Nice cup of tea maybe?"
***********************
The intensity of the situation was almost too much for John's iron self control.  He could feel the heat coming off Sherlock in waves, each breath he took was permeated with Sherlock.  He was wrapped in Sherlock's essence, each particle of his being flooded and entwined with him. He was captured, beyond hope of rescue, and God help him, he wanted no rescue.  John wanted Sherlock. All of Sherlock. The intellect that could tear people down or build them up. The softly curling hair that added to Sherlock's unique beauty, the sharp eyes, the bloody cheekbones, the perfectly shaped lips. Oh fuck, how much he wanted those lips.  All of his carefully hidden desires flooded to the surface, he no longer cared if Sherlock would see them. All rational thought had gone, only want remained. And oh how he wanted! He wanted to close the gap between them, to pull Sherlock's lips to his own, to feel their strength and tenderness interwoven with his own, all words momentarily stilled. Wanted to rub his thumb along the jawline, to feel the fine stubble under his finger tips, to run them down that long neck, feeling the vibrations of escaping moans. Wanted to ease Sherlock's lips open with his own, to entwine their tongues, to see the flush rise on Sherlock's cheeks as his body responded. Wanted to carry out his own investigations.  Wanted to discover what Sherlock felt like in those hidden places, what he felt like when they were pressed together skin on skin, length against length.  What he smelled like when his skin was covered in a fine sheen of moist desire and John's lips were tracing lines of worshipful prayer over it. Wanted to run his tongue over long limbs, savouring tastes and textures. Wanted to know what he sounded like when John's gentle explorations caused Sherlock's control to melt, to moan and gasp aloud. Fuck. He wanted to see Sherlock come undone, to lose himself in the moment, to arch his back, to throw his head back, to clench his hands against John's skin as John stroked him to completion. He wanted Sherlock to know what he did to him, how being with Sherlock made him completely whole. Wanted him to know how walking into Bart's all those years ago had completely altered his life, saved him.  Both men stood frozen in time, eyes locked on the other, lost in their own worlds, neither daring to close the final few feet between them. Through his haze John was able see that Sherlock's face was flushed, pupils blown wide, breath coming in short gasps. Could feel the searching look on Sherlock's face as his eyes darted from feature to feature, his expression a complicated mix of confusion, guilt and lust.
“You look very nice.”  John comments as they leave their room, sliding his hand into Sherlock’s, his chin tilted up so that he can see Sherlock’s face clearly.  Sherlock resists the ever present temptation to lean down and kiss him.  Here, in the corridor, there are no witnesses to see their pretence and therefore no excuse for him to hide behind.  So Sherlock does what he has always done, he pushes the temptation away and enjoys his time with John, however they spend it.
"About bloody time, you're going to look like........" Looking up from his food the words die on John's lips. He is suddenly faced with acres of flushed, pink, extremely bare skin, Sherlock's only concession to modesty is a white fluffy towel secured low around his hips. John licks his lips, his face still upturned as he looks at Sherlock, swallowing against the sudden flood of saliva in his mouth.
"Nonsense, John. You needed the sleep and I didn't mind. Any mild discomfort I may have now will pass."
You will sleep regularly.
“You don’t look too well, Mr ‘olmes.”
Patience is a virtue.” Sherlock pauses, passing a lingering look at where his fingers and mouth had just been. “Although perhaps not one of the many virtues you possess.”
"No, but I can lean into you a little.  I trust you not to hurt me."
“Of the five surviving people, two have been very forthcoming and we have some interesting leads to follow up.  One remains on life support, the other two are being more reticent but I believe they will yield soon.”
"Back? He was never in my bloody good books to begin with! He made the wrong impression the first time I met him and did nothing to alter that in the time that followed. The information he provides us with needs to be nothing short of fucking miraculous for me to even think about opening my 'good book' for him!"  John can feel the blood rushing to his face and is aware that he must be glowing red in anger, the tendons taut in his neck.  He crosses his arms in an effort to calm his agitation.
"Yes! And now I'm going out! Coming or not?" Sherlock's words seem their usual imperious selves but John can hear the nervousness behind them. Despite John's laptop being back on the desk, his mug back in the kitchen and his clothes (shirts hung - not folded) back in the upstairs bedroom, Sherlock still seems to believe that John is only visiting, not living permanently back at Baker Street, back where he should always have been.
“Shut the hell up.
I am a user.
"The evidence is all there," John enlarges the picture, honing in on the information contained around the picture. "it's yesterday's date. She had the scan done at Bart's, she knows I know most of the people on staff there. I've either trained or worked with them or I've referred patients to them. I did a lot of work at Bart's whilst you were gone, Sherlock. I forced myself to." John pauses, taking time to calm himself before continuing with the original conversation. "I know the sonographer, Kalvindar Kular. I did some training with her before I joined up. We've met a few times for lunch, she knows Mary, likes her."
John's heart shatters at seeing this usually self-assured man doubting himself, doubting John. He wishes he could just rewind time, somehow delete the time he spent with Mary and never make the foolish mistake of choosing her over Sherlock. Even before the whole assassin debacle he knew he was making the wrong choice, he was just too cross with Sherlock. No, now is not the time for lies, he can admit it to himself, if to no-one else. He wasn't cross. He was afraid, petrified in fact. Afraid of the strength of feelings he felt for Sherlock, afraid that he'd be on his own again, afraid that he'd watch Sherlock die again. But he'd ended up experiencing all that, hadn't he? Because he'd made the wrong choice. Now he knew without a doubt that he would always be at Sherlock's side.
“She wasn't supposed to be like that.” John chokes out.
“Allow me to help, Doctor Watson.”
“Sherlock too.”  Sherlock reassures.
“Oh god, Sherlock!” John grinds out between clenched teeth, sweat dancing on his brow, the intensity of the sensation overloading him.
(See the end of the chapter for
An hour passes before Sherlock is called to the staffroom for his breakfast.  He enters the room and is unsurprised to find Gethin, his Mycroft allocated nurse, awaiting him.
John’s voice sounds weaker than Sherlock would expect it to, even accounting for the barrier of the door between them.
I know where they live; I know their phone numbers.
Looking down at Sherlock John's heart ached at the vulnerability he saw there. "For a genius you really do tend to miss the bloody obvious Sherlock." John's words were softly spoken but intense. "This thing that's between us? It's bloody perfect! Making love with you was honestly mind blowing, but having you here, beside me, in my arms, it's the best thing ever. I don't want this to be a one off. I want this to be a forever thing. Do you understand Sherlock? You and me, forever."
“Not yet, got another hour or so until it’s my turn.
Sherlock gives a sleepy acknowledgment, grateful for the knowledge but regrettably aware that he lacks the strength to enquire further.  Before long exhaustion pulls him into the depths of sleep.
It hasn't been easy but it’s a journey he has been happy to undertake, he feels better both mentally and physically.
“What about when you were using?  At
“At least, not with her.”
"Sherlock! Just stop now! I really don't think that's any of your business!" John finally rediscovered his voice to interrupt his friend mid flow. He was not surprised to see Sherlock studying him, his face angled to the side, hands in their habitual 'thinking' pose. John fought against the strong desire to turn his face away, instead making an effort to school his face to show as little of his inner turmoil as possible.
Enid finishes her tea and nibbles at the very edge of her mince pie, musing over how it’s such a shame that she can't eat the whole thing, the pastry tastes wonderful but she can’t risk eating even a small amount of the filling.  After ten minutes Enid gets up quietly and goes to look in on Mrs Hudson.  The old dear is sprawled out on her bed, her head at an awkward angle.  Enid moves her until she appears more comfortable.
John shrugs it off, he knows the words may come back to haunt him later; after all, hearing Sherlock refer to a cold blooded assassin touches rather close to home. He continues to watch as Sherlock paces, it never fails to amaze John how animated Sherlock is at these times. The life that John had thought lost - twice - now glows out of Sherlock's skin like starlight. John could watch him for hours,
John’s laughter accompanies Sherlock’s short, and somewhat ungainly, walk to the bathroom.  Sherlock happily accepts John’s laughter, knowing he does make a rather ridiculous figure with his stiff, wide legged shuffle.  He smiles to himself; a satisfied, ridiculous figure.
“Apart from me.”
Sherlock, I'm at work, this can wait. - JW
For a moment John looks less than happy with the reasoning for the decision but nods in agreement, before getting up from his chair, using their joined hands to gently encourage Sherlock to stand.  He moves the few steps that are required to bring him closer to Sherlock.  Slowly, allowing Sherlock time to move away if he feels uncomfortable, John stretches up on to his toes.  Again, he meets Sherlock’s gaze before he closes his eyes, golden eyelashes fanning across sun dappled cheeks and Sherlock is mesmerised.  His own eyes flutter shut as John’s breath lightly caresses his skin, a second later the merest touch of John’s lips is felt against a cheek that he is sure has never been so sensitive before.  Nerve endings light up under John’s touch and for a moment Sherlock is overwhelmed, surely a kiss to the cheek shouldn't incite such a reaction?  People do it all the time; parents to their children, friends when they greet each other or say farewell.  He has kissed Mrs. Hudson’s cheek on numerous occasions and her own lips, decidedly different to John’s, have touched his cheek in greeting, in amusement, with affection.  But still this kiss feels different.  Sherlock knows that it is only for their act this weekend, he does, but somehow he can't extinguish the small flame of hope that ignites at John’s touch.
Sherlock nods over at the glass of water, indicating its presence to a grateful John.
"She never loved me then.  It was all just a lie." The words are coldly spoken, their delivery flat.  John leans back to gaze into Sherlock's face, refusing to look away from the pain he sees there.
John wakes suddenly, immediately lurching to sit upright. Damp sheets pool around his waist and his heart is making a dedicated effort to escape his chest. Gasping, John leans over his lap, clutching at his soaked t-shirt. He squeezes his eyes shut, desperately trying to rid himself of the lingering dream images; Sherlock broken and bleeding on a London pavement; Sherlock bleeding to death on an office floor; Sherlock flat-lining on an operating table; Sherlock collapsing on the floor of their home, bullet wound re-opened; Sherlock; Sherlock; Sherlock...
Sherlock studies John, grey-blue eyes darting to and fro as he observes the way John is sitting - outwardly relaxed but some tension about the shoulders, growing more noticeable the longer he observes; the way John is smiling - hopeful, earnest….. apprehensive; the way John is looking at him - again hopeful and apprehensive, like he thinks Sherlock will read something he will react badly to; the way the sunshine dances over his features - highlighting strong cheekbones that others ignore, the cleft in his chin, mobile lips that promise… irrelevant.  Sherlock snorts, annoyed at the direction his observations have taken him in and returns to the matter at hand.  He studies John once more, noting the way John’s gaze flicks hopefully to the view outside the window.
Sherlock's body trembled with the strength of his fantasy, his wet curls framing his face as the water streamed over his pale body, his eyes closed but fluttering with each stroke of his fist.  His full lips parted as his breath became shallow, his chest flushed pink with both the heat of the water and the strength of his fantasy. His hand moving firmly, rhythmically up and down his long cock, squeezing and teasing until finally Sherlock felt himself getting close to his climax. His hand sped up, the stroking becoming more frantic and his breathing broken.  Throwing his head back the water ran in streams over his long pale neck as he came with a loud groan and shudder, John's name on his lips.
“God.
For a moment, he allows himself to imagine what it will be like to be lying in bed next to this man twenty years from now. John's hair will be completely silver but still thick and luxurious, prone to waywardness when overly long. His reading glasses will rest on top of his paperback on their bedside table, little indents from their frames showing on the sides of John's nose. John's chest hair will truly be the silver it is pretending to be now and his skin will be criss-crossed with the signs of ageing. His chin may well be more rounded and less firm but no less able to take on a stubborn slant. The idea of still being with John in twenty years, thirty years - more, if possible - fills Sherlock with an equal mix of fear and contentment. Fear because he knows that losing John will be the hardest thing he will ever have to do and at some point he will lose him, either through his own death or by John's. Contentment because he finally has everything he never knew, or more truthfully - never admitted - he needed.
Molly is also exceptionally good at calming Rosie down when she throws a rare tantrum, John privately believes she’s so good because of spending so many years with Sherlock - and, he reluctantly admits - himself.  Rosie likes spending time at Molly’s, fussing over her cats and playing dress up;  John has photos on the fridge showing Rosie and Molly dressed as pirates, 1950s gangsters - complete with penciled on moustaches, dinosaurs and his very favourite, Bo-Peep and her big sister and all their sheep.  When John had commented that the sheep looked an awful lot like a bunch of disgruntled cats he had been told by both Rosie and Molly that he’ lacked imagination’ and that they ‘felt sorry’ for him.
“It’s not for you to decide, Sherlock.  She broke the law.”
“Hello, love.” Mary smiles before pressing a kiss to his cheek, rubbing the lipstick away, none too gently, with her thumb.
"Shall I order for you, too?" John raises his voice to carry over the sound of running water.
"The name of the group." Anderson answers, a light flush on his cheeks. "Because, well, the hearse was empty, wasn't it?"  He pauses, waiting for confirmation, when none is forthcoming he continues with his narrative.  "They agreed with what I'd seen, that it was Sherlock solving the crimes and that he was on his way back home.  I remember Helen, or whatever her name was, studied the map quite intently, more so than anyone else.  After that meeting she didn't come for quite a while, maybe a month, six weeks? And from then on, only every few weeks.  I know she definitely wasn't there when we received the news that Sherlock was alive."
Sherlock flinches when John clenches his hands in reaction to the query but doesn't pull his own away. John ducks his head and Sherlock can see the pain his question has caused and his chest aches from more than just the bullet wound, but this is something that needs to be known, the answer will influence how they move forward from this. He watches as John sets his personal feelings aside and truly thinks over the issue. He alternates between chewing on his lower lip, sucking his cheeks in and huffing, it's such an expressive face and under other circumstances Sherlock could lose himself in observing and cataloguing every nuance and expression.
John remembers that he had been reticent to do so - not wishing to relive that pain again - but had eventually conceded;
“But why now? And why me?” This time Sherlock meets and holds John’s gaze, eyes wide and curious.
He had explained the change to Mary the previous night, saying that he was working on a top secret case and that he would be unable to commit definitely to work at the surgery and felt it best that he just cleared the whole week.  He had mentioned that he might not be coming home until very late, if at all on some nights.  Mary had looked disappointed but said that she understood; he had felt bad lying to her but reasoned with himself that it was almost the truth. He was working a case - The Blogging Bridegroom - it was almost top secret, he had sworn Sherlock to secrecy and he was not going to tell anyone, not yet anyway.  He had tried to ease his guilty conscience by rationalising that, in the end the dance practice would make things better for Mary; he wouldn't look such an idiot when they danced and she would have no reason to be embarrassed by him.
"Is that what you did then? Ignore erections?" Sherlock queries, genuinely curious.
************************
“Don’t want to be caught snogging in the corridor by my big brother?”
Apologies for this chapter, it kind of got away from me! Blame John, it's all his fault!
Sherlock knows John is deliberately trying to lighten the atmosphere and decides to play along.
The dream fades and for a moment there is only darkness.
“The convulsions Doctor Watson experienced were an immediate cause for concern as his notes indicated that he had struck his head when he was shot.  He had shown no symptoms or indications that this would cause anything other than a nasty headache.  Unfortunately, the convulsions were indicative of something more serious, the CT scan confirmed this, showing a medium sized subdural haematoma on the left side of his skull.”  He indicates the position on his own head, pausing to ensure that both Mary and Sherlock have understood.
“I’m not sure I’ve ever actively wanted a child.
Sherlock responds before his eyelids slip shut and his breath evens out, his face still turned towards John.
." It is now John's turn to moan as he feels Sherlock's breath on his hand, followed by Sherlock's warm lips caressing him. The touch of a warm tongue between his fingers causes his breath to falter, before gulping in a deep gasp at the firm touch of a hand on his shoulder.
Finally John moves his hand away and averts his gaze so that it is fixed on the ice in the cup he is idly rocking in his hand.
He gazes up at Sherlock, his expression soft, their bodies not touching anywhere else, the heat coming from one, warming the other.
“You’re still doing nothing!  You’re just standing there, chattering on!”  Mary shouts, exasperated.
“May I know what happened?”
I’m okay, just over-exerted myself.
"Guide me, Sherlock."  John's words are breathed against the delicate skin of his inner thigh even as his hands are placed in John's hair.  For a moment Sherlock panics, this is utterly new to him, he has never allowed - never wanted - anyone this close to him before.  Only when John caresses him once again does his mind still once more.  With each long, strong stroke of tongue on his penis Sherlock holds John's hair a little firmer.  When John takes the head of him in again, circling his tongue gently under Sherlock's foreskin, Sherlock tugs a little on the hair in his grasp.  The ensuing vibration from John's deep, pleasured moan encourages Sherlock to grip more firmly onto John's short hair and guide him so that more of his penis is encased in the hot warmth of John's mouth.  John moans again and Sherlock cannot stop himself from thrusting his hips up.  John's grip on his hips alters, then increases.  To Sherlock's wonder it is not to hold him still, rather the altered grip allows John to gently encourage Sherlock in his thrusts.  Tentatively Sherlock thrusts again, and is rewarded by another pleasured moan and deep suck of his penis.  The idea that John is gaining as much pleasure from this as he is is astounding to Sherlock.  He remembers vividly how it felt to have John in his mouth, hard and throbbing, how torn he was about wanting to keep John in his mouth for ages and wanting to taste him as he flooded him with his release.  How each moan, gasp and pulse from John had only pushed his own pleasure closer to the edge.
His hands move to Sherlock’s head, fingers tangling in the soft curls as he rides the waves of pleasure he is currently engulfed in.
"Sherlock.  I've been so rude sitting here worrying about my problems.  How are you doing?" Mary asks and Sherlock reflects how the casual observer would never know that everyone in the room was fully aware of just who shot him in the first place.
“Shut up.”
So the following is pretty much male on male sex, there is emotion, there is love, there are orgasms. If any of this is not your sort of thing do not read on!
"Re-examination of the fire reports would indicate that the fire was professionally and purposefully set. It is believed that Ms Morstan set the fire in an attempt to remove her parents from their lives and that Michael ran back into the house in an attempt to rescue them and was injured during the process. Michael was taken to the local hospital where he remained for four years. At that point, he was transferred to a private care facility in Ohio, where he remained until he was transferred here, to London. All of his medical bills have been paid by an anonymous benefactor since leaving Michigan. The medical costs that were run up there were met initially by the family's health insurance and then, as now, by an anonymous person. Michael's continuing existence was only removed from the system in the last six years, coinciding with his removal to St. John's Wood and the emergence of the alias of Mary Morstan."
I hope you've enjoyed the story! I do have other work posted, please check it out! Currently I'm trying to write a quick little pwp (a challenge from my beta!) to see if I can do it and that should be up soonish!
I'm surprised that it's Mycroft."
Sherlock pours a measure of whiskey for both of them, before joining John in their seats by the low burning fire.  Sherlock swirls his drink in his glass for a moment, his eyes on the amber liquid as he mulls over what he wants to say.  Deciding there is no easy way to say it, Sherlock downs his drink and dives right in.
John saunters over to Sherlock, carefully examining his pallor and posture as he goes. The painkillers Sherlock took are fast acting and John has been downstairs with Mrs Hudson long enough for them to take effect. John thinks Sherlock still looks a little pale, which admittedly isn't unusual for him but he is still lacking a certain something that John can only think of as his 'glow'. There's a slight flush high on Sherlock's cheeks that could be indicative of a temperature that John vows to monitor and dark bags under Sherlock's eyes caused by stress, pain and lack of quality sleep. John dreads to think what his own face must look like; he's never considered himself attractive in the conventional sense but he knows he has a certain something that he can turn on to attract and charm a prospective partner when needed. Unfortunately, he also knows that pain, stress and lack of sleep show strongly on his face. He rather expects that he currently resembles an old elephant; skin all grey and sagging, the bags under his eyes large enough for Nellie to pack her stuff in as she runs away from the circus! He snorts at the bizarre way his mind works and the sound causes Sherlock to look up. His eyes are blue-green now, the colour of a forest lake, John thinks as they flash over his face, their unknown depths reading goodness-knows-what before Sherlock breaks into an easy smile.
"What? Your hair?" John leans back a little, confused, trying to get a read on Sherlock's face.
"Of course John. I'm here to stay. Sleep well." Sherlock angled his face up to meet John's gaze and the softness he saw in his expression took his breath away.  He kept his gaze fixed on John as he approached his chair; John's left hand no longer moving with restless emotion, rather it was now stretched out towards Sherlock's face.  Sherlock felt his eyes drift closed as John's soft palm cupped his cheek, his thumb briefly passing over Sherlock's lower lip, causing him to shiver in pleasure at the tender caress. Sherlock felt John's breath ghost over his forehead, causing his hair to dance gently against his skin.
He studies John's face for a long moment, reading the sadness, the worry, noticing the moment that John decides to believe him.  Slowly, he lowers his face to John's, stopping when their lips rest lightly together.  He sighs when he feels the touch of John's palm against the nape of his neck.  The grip is both tender and strong, guiding him deeper into the kiss.  Their lips part and the tension in John's shoulders melts.  The kiss is still very chaste in the grand scheme of things, nothing more complicated than the soft meeting of lips and the sharing of breath but both men slide closer, Sherlock's right hand coming up to caress the side of John's face, his left going to the curve of John's back, urging him to move even closer.  A small moan escapes Sherlock at the first touch of John's tongue against his.  He can't believe that after all this time, after everything they've been through, they've finally arrived at this point.  The soft sound is met with an echo from John and the kiss deepens, John wrapping his left arm around Sherlock's waist, his pyjamas forgotten in his hand.
"I love to dance. In fact I adore it! And I'm actually very good at it!"
“Now, that’s a view I could very much get used to.” Sherlock’s smirk broadens into a full smile when John colours and takes a playful swipe at him with a towel.
“I think the ejaculate currently coating the inside of my underwear is testament to the fact that I found it all immensely pleasurable; and something I look forward to repeating in the future.”  Sherlock tugs at the front of his jeans, nose wrinkling.  “Preferably with less clothes.”
The taste of John blooms on Sherlock’s tongue, a heady mix of clean sweat, John’s natural musk and an undertone of his aftershave.
Molly ignores him, directing her focus purely at John. "Did either of you touch anything other than the soap and water?"
John's rushed words had hurt Sherlock to the core, his heart starting to shatter. He had lied to John, saying that it wasn't important, not to worry, that he understood, that of course he would delete it - and all the time his soul had cried out silently in pain.
Sherlock offers to pay for a cab but she refuses him, stating that she has her bus-pass and that she always meets such nice people on the bus.  He’s reluctant to see her go home on her own but knows better than to interfere with her independence.
Sherlock met John's eyes as he stood just inside 221B.  Home.  Their home. John's eyes were sparkling with barely contained excitement, their dark blue depths intensified.  Sherlock slowly forced himself to study the rest of John, committing each detail to memory.  John's smile was as true and natural as his own, the pure joy shown in every line of his expressive face.  John always seemed so much younger when he allowed his happiness or excitement to show. Sherlock was now fighting to keep his breathing controlled as he catalogued all the details before him. As always John fascinated him.
remember that I was going to suggest that you came and stayed with me and Mary whilst you recuperated, so that we could keep an eye on you whilst you healed, help you where necessary.
Sherlock is now muttering furiously to himself, pacing quickly, his hands in his hair.
John moves so that he has easy access to Sherlock's right arm and flicks up the cap of the bottle, pouring a generous amount onto his palms. Rubbing his hands together, he spreads the oil out evenly before taking Sherlock's upper arm in his hands. Initially, he keeps his touch light but firm, sweeping his palms over warm skin, taking note of how defined Sherlock's biceps and triceps are. The oil allows his skin to glide over Sherlock's, the repetitive action pulling a low groan from Sherlock, and John bites his lip in an effort to keep his own murmur in check. A small noise must have escaped him though, as Sherlock turns a hazy gaze in his direction. The contact between them is negligible in the grand scheme of things but the promise of what is to come, and the firelight, seems to be amplifying simple looks and gestures. Sherlock's head remains turned in John's direction, his eyes studying John's face, not dissembling, just observing. John squeezes Sherlock's arm a little more firmly, then starts to work his fingertips into the tight muscle he finds there. His oiled fingers slide over Sherlock's skin and he is able to feel each bump and ridge of muscle and sinew, each dip of scar or rise of freckle. John knows, beyond any shadow of a doubt, that he wants to spend days running his hands over Sherlock, mapping out each contour, memorising each feature. But, for now, he contents himself with pressing his fingers into the knotted muscle of Sherlock's arm as, gradually, he feels the tension dissipate, before trailing his left hand up on to Sherlock's shoulder. The muscles twitch under his questing touch and Sherlock moans, his honey-toned voice heavy with desire.
“For what reason did Doctor Watson require surgery?”
She deftly hands Rosie over to Sherlock before pulling her camera out of her apron pocket.
Vividly, he recalled John sweeping him into a low dip, how it had felt so right to be there, John's strong arm underneath him, a look of adoration on his handsome face, how he had felt the laughter welling up in him despite the shock of the sudden movement.  Then he had met John's  gaze, had seen the intensity of John's desire, had felt his own body responding, his breath coming in gasps, heart pounding. He had felt the frisson between them, more powerfully than he had ever felt it before.  Then he had seen shock race across John's features, heard the surprised gasp and then felt himself falling as he was dropped. He had instinctively reached out to break his fall, grabbing onto John's shirt and pulling him down too. For a delicious, breath stopping moment he had been crushed beneath John's weight, hyper aware of every element of him, the heaving breaths, the heat of his groin pressing into his legs, his lips scant centimetres from his own.  Sherlock remembered how suddenly the moment had been broken as John had wrenched himself away, embarrassment and arousal warring on his face. He had seen poor John struggling to lighten the moment and had joined in with the awkward laughter, surprised when it had become genuine.  He loved these moments with John, the way that something so awkward or stressful could be transformed into a moment of joy.  The enigma that was John Watson would never be boring.
John was supposed to be getting better; he was supposed to be on the road to recovery. John had been admitted to hospital for a bullet wound, nothing out of the norm for a busy city hospital.
“Don’t worry, love. I’m sure you’ll remember soon.”
“Mr Holmes,  I have a compromise, of sorts, for you.  It is insisted upon that you return to your own room at night whilst Doctor Watson is in Intensive Care.”  He raises his hand, a mute appeal to allow him to continue, anticipating Sherlock’s need to interrupt.  “No-one will check to make sure you are where you are supposed to be.  I will come to wherever you are to address your medical needs but I am not your babysitter.”
“Good.”  John answers emphatically, needing to make Sherlock understand.  “Because I’ll still be there, getting lost in the work alongside you.  Still falling asleep in my chair of an evening.  And  I’ll still be an arsehole too.”  He reaches out, running his hand down Sherlock’s arm before weaving their fingers together.  “I don't want some idealised Sherlock.  I want the Sherlock I fell in love with.  The man who throws tantrums on the sofa, who tortures his violin, who thinks that almost everyone is an idiot.”  Once again he pauses, allowing Sherlock processing time, before continuing, his voice quiet but clear.  “The man who plays the most beautiful music in the world when he knows I am struggling to sleep.  The man who always has a cup of a tea ready for me when it’s all been just a bit too much.  The man who ensures that I eat, even when we’re on a case.  The man I'm raising a daughter with - our daughter, Sherlock.  The man I love.”
John quickly typed out another text.
Reaching the foot of the stairs, Sherlock took a steadying breath and walked towards Mrs Hudson's flat door.
"Oh, Sherlock." John sounds sympathetic but Sherlock shrugs it away.
Work.”
“I knew you'd get it Sherlock.”  John’s smile broadens, his face alight with happiness.  “I thought if you weren't interested then you'd let me know, and probably in no uncertain terms.  But if you were …..” He swallows, still smiling, his eyes soft, loving.  “If you were interested, then you could respond to my, admittedly clumsy, advances; encouraging them if you wanted to.”  Slowly he takes Sherlock’s hand in his own before guiding them over to sit on the edge of the plush bed.  “I admit it wasn't the most sophisticated of plans and, I admit, I was somewhat worried about the morality of it; but I was sure that I’d seen flickers of interest from you.”  He looks at their linked hands, seemingly fascinated by the sight of their fingers entwined, before looking back up.  “I dropped hints.  On the train I talked about how I would want to spend a weekend away with the person I want to spend the rest of my life with.”
John is still a little wary; jealous - a small part of him admits, but he makes an effort to chat with him and observes how Gethin works with professionalism and pride, just the right level of assertiveness in his voice as he deals with Sherlock.
The bedroom seems suddenly empty and Sherlock listens carefully to the small sounds coming from the bathroom.  He can clearly hear the sound of the toilet flushing, the taps running and the soft sounds of John getting changed; all normal homely sounds that are strangely reassuring.  With these comforting sounds for company Sherlock readies himself for bed; changing into cotton pyjama bottoms and a soft cotton t-shirt, aware of how thin the fabric actually is and how little it will hide.  He jolts when the bathroom door opens, startling him from his thoughts.
Sherlock fervently wishes everyone would just shut up.  His head is beginning to pound and his eyes are gritty from too little sleep, with each blink feeling like sandpaper being drawn over his eye.  He knows, realistically, that if he is left to his own devices he will agonise continually over John; dissecting all their interactions until he is too exhausted to be of any help to anyone, least of all John.
"You lick along my length, your tongue sure against me. I can feel when you groan, savouring the taste of my pre-come." John pauses, concentrating on the feel of his cock in his hand, trying to transpose that to what Sherlock's mouth might feel like. "You t....t..tease me. Swiping your tongue over the head of my cock, flicking with the tip of your tongue over my fraenulum before dipping into the pool of pre-ejaculate that has formed during your teasing."
He opens his eyes, focusing intently on John.
John stands slowly, almost afraid that any sudden movements will startle Sherlock and send him running, his common sense returned.
As I've said before I've taken some liberties with the fireflies!
"Yes. Empress Elisabeth's, if I'm not mistaken. She was extremely proud of her hair John, let it grow very long; wore it in all sorts of elaborate styles. It really was her crowning beauty." Sherlock's long fingers reverently stroke the long lock of dark hair, before he wraps it up once again.
John's not an idiot; he knows there will still be times when they drive each other to distraction, when he will need to leave for a while to clear his head, when Sherlock will need to throw himself into his experiments and composing to clear his. Times where they will argue and sulk and somehow that warms him to the core.  The knowledge that they will essentially be the same people as before but now with the added levels of intimacy and sex, John really hopes sex, just makes him even more happy that they are at this turning point in their lives.  This is what love is, accepting and cherishing the other as they are - faults and all.  He fell in love with the eccentric madman, the genius mind and the limited brain-to-mouth filter and he wouldn't change any of it for the world.  Further tightening his arms around Sherlock, John smiles at how their relationship sounds like a line from a teen movie - so the soldier with trust issues fell in love with the self-diagnosed sociopath.  Not such an awful thing after all. In fact, it seems perfect.
“We never did get to dance together, did we?  Not properly anyway.” John says, a look of sadness briefly flitting over his features.  He moves so that he stands before Sherlock, his hand out in offer.  “Would you do me the honour?”
I was lucky enough to meet with one of my  readers, and dear friend, the lovely Angel Annunnaki and she introduced me and my daughters to the delights of Mauritian food, heaven on a plate!  Thank you so much, I'm sure that Sherlock would appreciate those delights too!
"But how.... ? Actually no. That explains a lot. 'Round and round the  bloody garden.' Makes sense now."
“I found them.  Years ago.”  John’s face remains open, even as Sherlock’s heart begins to close off.  Perhaps he had been wrong, the ‘years ago’ would certainly seem to indicate so.
“A pirate, how very predictable, Sherlock.”
"Sorry." He speaks quietly, not wanting to break the little bubble of understanding in which they exist.
The same sensations of dread and ineptitude he felt that day flooding over him once more.
Sherlock pulls his lower lip between his teeth, nipping it lightly before releasing it, deep pink and glistening.
Greg’s voice grows wistful.
John pauses, sucking nervously on his lip. “Part of me very much wants to just sit back and let that happen, let Magnussen do his worst……. but I know that is my anger talking ….that once I calm down I’ll be horrified by my thoughts but I just want to live in a simpler time.
“No.  Never appealed to me, all that snooping around and making deductions from the pattern of a footprint or the way the sun has faded the wallpaper in a certain way.  I’ll leave that to you and Doctor Watson, I’ll stick with my form of fixing people, Mr Holmes.”
How Can I Not Love You - Joy Enriquez
John strokes the edge of Sherlock’s pillow before folding his hands together on the edge of the low bed.
"Of course." John laughs as a vision of just how much Sherlock would
Sherlock just stares at her, amazed and disappointed once again at Mary’s continued ability to always put herself first, pregnant or otherwise, whatever the situation.
"Ugh! Boring John!" But Sherlock sat still. Or at least as still as he was capable of.  Fingers beating out a tune on the arms of his chair, feet keeping the rhythm until finally, finally, the ten minutes had elapsed.  Suddenly launching himself to his feet and grabbing the remote for the CD player, Sherlock pressed the play button, pulling John to his feet.
"God, you're so amazing. Beauty and brains." John looks up as he speaks and catches Sherlock looking at him like
Sherlock studies Gethin with narrowed eyes, noting the moment that Gethin admits defeat.
"Another lot of shampoo?"
John actively decides not to worry about how things might change in a year or two and to concentrate on enjoying tonight.
“Oh, give him a kiss, sweetheart.
"You want to share a bath?" John questions.  Sherlock resists the temptation to roll his eyes and merely nods.  John laughs aloud and Sherlock realises that perhaps he hadn't resisted the eye roll temptation as thoroughly as he had thought. "That's a lovely idea, but keep it shallow and we'll change your dressing directly afterwards."
“Mr Holmes had rather predicted Doctor Watson’s reaction.
Sherlock lies languidly upon the bed, towel abandoned carelessly on the floor.
"John?" Sherlock's voice pulls John from his distracted musings of the scenery. He has been standing outside for ten minutes and although he still hasn't got his mind under complete control, the red of his cheeks can easily be explained as the effect of the cool wind.
"I'll change it, if you don't like it."
“Wow.”
Say you will
“It’s not like she’s been hiding that she collects china rabbits or something, or she’s a secret cosplayer for some lame TV show.
(See the end of the chapter for
It is only when he glances at himself in the mirror that he realises he'd been so absorbed in the sensation of the new clothes against his skin that he had neglected to put his shirt on. Laughing, he shakes his head at his forgetfulness and
“And what about her brother? Michael, wasn't it?” John queries.
Walking closer to what John can only think of as a furniture explosion, he can finally focus on the construction and realises it is a blanket fort and his annoyance at not finding Rosie where he had expected to find her starts to abate.  He realises that the whispering he had been hearing has stopped as he takes the final few steps to what he thinks must be the ‘door’, for want of a better word.  He is just about to call out when he notices two pairs of blue eyes peering up at him, one pair wary, the other pair excited and far too awake for this time of night.  With that, the last of John’s bad mood melts away.
“Well, I don’t!” Sherlock retorts, pale eyes flashing; the emotion in them taking John by surprise.
Sherlock’s knuckles turn white from where he grips the drip stand so fiercely, noticing this Lestrade swiftly moves the conversation on.
"I think we'd be better doing this in your bedroom or the kitchen, it's so damp in here I doubt the adhesive will stick." John's voice sounds loud after such an extended silence but Sherlock delights in hearing its warm tones. He had spent too many years with only the memory of John's voice to hush John now.
Judging by the wide eyes and parted lips, John would say that Sherlock is feeling overwhelmed at being the centre of John's attentions. He stretches up slightly and nibbles along Sherlock's jawline, nipping as he draws closer to Sherlock's right ear before finally sucking on the lobe. Sherlock's eyes flutter closed and he pulls his lower lip into his mouth, stifling a moan. The sheet gives up its final hold on Sherlock's hips and slips to the floor, puddling around his feet. John takes a minute step back and allows his gaze to travel over the naked beauty in front of him and watches as a dusky pink blush warms the skin on Sherlock's face, neck and chest. Slowly, he places his left hand over the bullet wound on Sherlock's chest, taking a few deep breaths and places a gentle kiss over the scar.
"I'm so sorry for what you've been through, dear. I'll just pop back downstairs and leave you to get sorted." She pauses for a moment before pulling John into a motherly hug. He resists for the merest second before dropping his bag and curving his free arm around her, allowing himself to lightly rest in her embrace. The moment he feels the threat of tears, he pulls away, pinching at the bridge of his nose and clearing his throat. He manages a half-grimace, half-smile when he feels the soft skin of Mrs Hudson's palm briefly caress his cheek before he hears her walk slowly back down the stairs.
He’d been alert and talking, swearing really, all the way to the hospital.
His unease around Mary isn’t something new either, it is merely another thing he had buried deep in his subconscious - a place John acknowledges must be cluttered up with decades of unaddressed and unacknowledged issues.
“Later.”  John whispers, it’s a promise to himself as much as to Sherlock.  He allows himself one more brief kiss before moving away, his hand stroking over the front of Sherlock’s coat before falling to his side, his fingers tingling.  “Hungry?”
John's breath caught in his throat, did Sherlock know that is how John felt the moment he saw him in the lab at Bart's?
He goes straight to the nurses' station and requests that a message is sent to Mr Rajkoomar asking him to come and speak with John.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock collapses slightly on John, letting John’s legs flop on to the bed.
Author's Note. 23/07/2015
“Hmm.”  Sherlock answers distractedly, sipping his coffee, eyes flicking around the room, observing the other diners.
Sherlock rolls on to his side, mirroring John’s position, a soft smile on his lips. “I’m glad you still feel that way.  Now, slide over here and give me a goodnight kiss; we’ve both got a lot to think about.”
"I nuzzle my face against the front of your trousers and breath deep, savouring the scent of you." Sherlock inhales deeply. "
"Bugger, really?" John fumbles around for his phone before realising he's left it in the bedroom. He ineffectually continues to pat at his pockets before asking what the time actually is.
"Sherlock, as much as I abhor sentiment, I think you should contact him."  Sherlock turned his cold eyes on his brother, his  glance taking in the too rigid posture, carefully feigned indifference and lack of eye contact.
“Ah.  Mycroft Holmes.  Stepping up to protect your baby brother?” Mary’s dispassionate tone does little to mask the fact that she had started at Mycroft’s words. In one careful move she reaches into her trouser pocket and retrieves her handgun.
I know where to find people who hate her.
So who wants to know what song John was listening to when Sherlock said yes? Here it is, please find it on YouTube too, it's a wonderful song.
Looking up from his observations, John finds Sherlock studying him intently. His breath catches in his throat but he refuses to look away. An awkward cough from behind them causes John to break the connection with Sherlock, looking down again at the unfortunate man on the ground.
"Are you having problems, Sherlock? Has an infection set in? I can check it if you like?" Sherlock fights down the shudder that threatens to overtake him.
He swings the coat on with a flourish and catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror, very happy with the overall look.
"What are we looking for, Sherlock?" John works on keeping his voice calm and focussed; he knows that at moments like this, Sherlock can easily become surly and short tempered.
“I’m sorry, love.” Sherlock flinches at the endearment, looking down when Mary smirks in his direction. “I’m just really tired, I was wondering if you wouldn't mind heading home a little early?”
"Mycroft." Sherlock's jaw was clenched shut and the name came out as barely more than a growl.
"And if that is the truth of the matter then we will deal with it. Together. As we should have done everything." Sherlock squeezes John's thigh before looping his arm around his shoulder and tugging the man against him.
“What about men?”
"Yeah, course I am. I'm just going to take these upstairs; I'll be straight back down." John fights back the urge to just take Sherlock in his arms. He wants the first time he holds Sherlock to be in their own flat, somewhere he won't have to rush to let go, somewhere where he can let the embrace linger. "Leave some of those cinnamon swirls for me." He gives Sherlock a swift wink before running up the remaining stairs.
John checks the keycard he is awkwardly holding along with his luggage and glances down the corridor, before he has a chance to work out in which direction their room is Sherlock drags him off to the left.
“Are you sure you're still alright to have Rosie overnight?”  John queries, his hands shoved firmly in his pockets.  “I can leave the party early and take her, it’s not a problem. I don't have to spend the night at the hotel, it’s not far from here.”
I'm a bit of a John, I love listening to classical music but I don't really have the skills to explain the intricacies, only my reactions.
"Ok. Tell me....." The words are unexpectedly husky. Clearing his throat he tries again, valiantly ignoring the enquiring look Sherlock sends his way. "Tell me about this case. Why are we in Austria, Sherlock? I know Mycroft has been in contact with you about a missing Austrian diplomat, but I distinctly remember you telling him it was dull and not worth your time...... and yet, here we are." John waves his hand about, encompassing the room and apparently all of Austria.
Every hour has come to this.
Mrs Hudson seems to understand what John wants to say, even though he is still struggling to find the words.
John chews on the inside of his cheek unsure, his stomach lurching as a sudden thought strikes him.
"Oh shit, Sherlock!  Oh God, I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have tried that, delete it. It was wrong of me to put you in that situation."
With a final wink Sherlock takes long steps into the the bedroom, hips moving enticingly.
Sherlock watches them almost wistfully before someone catches his eye on the other side of the dance floor and he goes to join them, John watches as he walks away, admiring the breadth of his shoulders and the way it tapers in to a slim waist, lamenting the way the coat hides Sherlock backside from him but allows his eyes to travel down the length of Sherlock’s long legs.
Go on then, go and get ready.  Shoo.”  Mrs Hudson good-naturedly ushers them out of her flat, after another quick round of goodbye kisses, and on their way to their own.
That I was just wanting to keep you to my-”
“Are we grabbing a taxi or is Mycroft sending a car?” John manages, proud of how normal he sounds.
Quiet.
"Not enough to remember her name though." Sherlock answers pointedly.
I am so very sorry about how long this has taken! My personal life has been completely topsy-turvy! Some health upsets and accidents delayed the start of writing and then I just lost all confidence in my ability to write!
“If you’re worried, John, you should talk to the consultant.
“You.”  Sherlock rests his chin on one hand, meeting John’s gaze.
You will rest.
To my framily, S and D for not being too shocked! To S for putting up with me chat about these two like they are real! And to D for being willing to read stuff that is mostly definitely not your sort of thing and giving me the support I needed. And also for accompanying me to a James Blunt concert and not laughing too loudly when I cried!
“I don’t care who tells me, just as long as someone actually does! Whose idea was it to involve Mrs Hudson?”  His usual animated arm gesticulations are curtailed by his injuries and the pain they cause.
"Guess you weren't the only one affected." There is a chuckle hidden in his words and Sherlock smiles with him. "I said you could ask me questions and all I've done is talk. What did you want to ask me?"
." Sherlock lowers his hands to the table and looks away.
, you don't mean hunting the woods for hair gems, do you?" Sherlock steps forward and puts his hands on John's shoulders. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to do, John."
“I’m right here, John. There’s no need to shout.” She chastises.
"When did you get back John?" Sherlock saw John's shoulders tense as he stilled in the motion of stirring the teas.
“And he does? Did?”
Frowning, Sherlock could now only see two stumbling blocks in the way of an actual physical relationship with John. Mary, obviously, and the fact that he and John were absolutely useless at talking about their feelings. Now he needed to be patient, to allow John to make his own decisions about where this was going, give him time to make the break from Mary - he'd seen the moment John had made that decision - and to come home to Baker Street. Home to him.
“Lucky me.”  John can’t help stealing another kiss before leaning back.
Sherlock feels like he can't breathe, too many thoughts and emotions are trying to break through at once, clawing at his chest and throat, desperately trying to escape. He takes great gulps of air and grips onto John's hand, he is conscious that he is blinking rapidly but seems unable to control his own bodily reactions to the situation. The touch of calming hands wiping away tears he hadn't realised he had shed helps to ground him.
“Yeah?  That’s probably bloody lucky then.”  John grins sheepishly before going to get changed.
“And no-one thought to wake me and alert me to the news?”  Sherlock’s sleep heavy voice still manages to convey his irritation clearly.
“I am thinking about how many times I have refrained from doing something that I really wanted to.”
The look on Sherlock's face causes John's breath to catch; Sherlock has obviously licked his lips at some point and they now glisten in the late morning light; they part slightly in a secret smile, meant only for John. Sherlock's eyes are sparkling, bright blue-green today, and his voice when he speaks is teasingly intimate.
Flirty.” John glowers at the door.
John’s attention drifts lower and his breath catches in his throat; the beige trousers that had only hinted at their close fit from behind and below the edge of the frock coat, leave nothing to the imagination when seen from the front.
"Most definitely, yes." John smiles broadly. "You're gorgeous, and it was obvious even in the short time I'd known you how intelligent you were and you made me feel alive for the first time in months. It was instant attraction and I'm afraid my mouth was in motion before my brain was in gear."
I apologise to any firefly experts out there, I did thoroughly research them, and then played with my findings for the purpose of this story! I've tried to keep it all as feasible as possible!
221B is silent except for the noise emanating from that kitchen as John puts a tea tray together, obviously trying to delay the moment of finding out just how duplicitous Mary has been. Finally John returns to the living room, putting the tray down and politely asking Anderson how he takes his tea before handing Sherlock his mug, removing his own and taking the tray back into the kitchen. The sound of John opening and closing cupboards and the fridge as he puts the tea stuff back away drifts back into the living room.
“Mrs Hudson?  What the hell are you doing here?”  Mary calls out, incredulous, confused as to why John would bring Mrs Hudson, of all people, with him.
Sherlock gulps, knowing that his cheeks must be flushing at the memory, he hovers for a moment until he is certain that John is in safe hands before escaping into the damp air of their bathroom and the excuse of a shower.
quick and erratic but most telling is how erect his penis is and has been ever since John first grabbed his backside in the corridor.
. The person had been wrong, not the situation. He knows it will be a long time until Sherlock is recovered enough to be running around again, solving cases and the idea of spending the many quiet days that will be required with just Sherlock doesn't fill John with dread or worry. In fact, he looks forward to it. They can talk or ignore each other in comfort; maybe Sherlock will play his violin at some point. They will watch telly and Sherlock will shout about the idiocy of the shows. They will eat, or rather John will eat and Sherlock will sulk and then steal food from John. John will ask for cold cases from Greg to stop Sherlock from being utterly bored and they will just enjoy their time together. Come what may, John knows that the rest of his life will be spent by Sherlock's side.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson.  We’re having a lovely time.”  John answers, deliberately ignoring her last question.
“My name is Mr Rajkoomar.  My specialism is neurosurgery and I operated on your husband earlier.”  He keeps his wording simple, not wishing to overwhelm Mary.  “Mrs Watson, if you would care to follow me we can discuss your husband’s case further.”
"You left Sherlock. You left again and I had no clue where you were, if you were safe; if you were even bloody alive! You left again without....." John's voice trailed off, but the unspoken 'without me' was apparent to Sherlock.  "How could you do that Sherlock? Hmm? How could you do that to me again?"
He leans in for a kiss.
"Know what, John?" Sherlock looks at John but his gaze slides briefly to the floor.
"But, but.... Mary? What about Mary? He loves her, they're getting married." Sherlock's eyes still did not leave Mrs Hudson's  face, darting round each feature trying to determine the truth of her words. The confusion in his voice was clear.  If John needed him, wanted him, why was he marrying Mary?
Nodding in agreement, Sherlock put the package back inside his jacket pocket. "It reminds me of you, John."  Sherlock's voice was so quiet he was unsure that John had heard him until he risked glancing across at him.  John's face was flushed, his happiness at being thought of, obvious.
Holding John’s gaze, Sherlock leans down and uses his light hold on John’s neck to guide him up, eyes falling shut as their lips open.  His fingers drift into John’s hair as the kiss deepens, the sensations threaten to overwhelm Sherlock but he can’t stop; not now he finally has John in his arms.  They move together as if this were not their first kiss but the continuation of innumerable kisses and the promise of innumerable kisses yet to come.  Their tongues brush against each other, heightening the sensations, and Sherlock pulls John to him more firmly; groaning when John responds by clutching at his back, gathering Sherlock’s shirt in his hand.  Some part of Sherlock becomes dimly aware that the tempo of the music has changed, no longer a romantic ballad, instead an energetic beat that requires rather more co-ordination than he currently feels capable of.  Reluctantly he breaks their kiss, keeping John close and pressing an almost chaste kiss to his forehead before resting his cheek against John’s temple, his heart pounding.
Laughing, John gently extracts himself from Sherlock's embrace.  "I'll take that as a yes, shall I?  Sliding from the bed, John heads towards the bathroom.  "I'll just get us something to clean up with and then we'll snuggle."
"I won't bore you with tedious questions as to how you are doing Sherlock. Doctor Watson has kept me well briefed on your daily progress, and how you've been doing since you awoke. He assures me that your mental faculty appears to be back up to its full potential, such as it is, and I think it's now time to decide what we do about the woman you both know as Mrs Mary Watson."
John wakes in the early hours of the morning, the sky outside the French windows is still dark and he estimates it's about 3 am. Sherlock is sitting on his own bed, laptop resting on bent knees, his features highlighted in stark relief by the light from the screen. John doesn't think he has moved but Sherlock knows he's awake; his eyes are an extreme pale grey and oddly haunting in the strange light. John shivers when they quickly flick over in his direction.
She returns to the kitchen and prepares a plate of mince pies and waits for the noise from upstairs to quieten.  When it has been silent for over twenty minutes she walks silently upstairs with her ‘gift’, she places it in the exact place she knows that Mrs Hudson tends to leave her baked goods and then gives in to temptation. Mary eases the bedroom door open and wrinkles her nose at the stink of stale air and sex that hits her but refuses to take her gaze from the bed and the semi-naked forms of the men who rest there.  The thin sheet that covers them is crinkled and stained but neither John nor Sherlock appear concerned, they rest peacefully in each others’ arms.  She notes, coldly, that John has no problem being cuddled up to when it is Sherlock he is with, he had always hated that level of intimacy with her, claiming it made him feel caged in.  A slow smile drifts over her lips as she allows herself to think of all the things she can inflict on John that would show him what ‘caged in’ meant; but first she needs to get Sherlock out of the picture.  She was getting paid extremely well for killing Sherlock but she hasn't been told to make it quick, something she was thankful for, she intends to make Sherlock suffer for taking something that belonged to her, even if it was something she had never particularly wanted in the first place.
For the first time since waking up John’s attention is drawn towards Mary.  His brow crinkles into a frown as he studies her but he soon looks away, dismissing her as unimportant, his focus firmly back on Sherlock. John is smiling again, his eyelids heavy, giving him the look of the mildly inebriated. Once again Sherlock is unable to keep an affectionate smile from drifting across his face.
"Sherlock!" It is only when he feels a cool hand on the nape of his neck that John realises that he is shouting out. Instinctively he tugs at the other hand on his chest, pulling it over his pounding heart, clutching at Sherlock's arm with both hands. He fights hard to still his rocking body, forcing breaths in through his nose, out through his mouth. As his heart rate begins to slow he can hear Sherlock's voice, his mouth close to John's ear.
Gently John's kisses moved onto Sherlock's throat, the soft brush of stubble against his lips intoxicating. Licking lightly along Sherlock's jawline before moving his lips lower.
"Well done, buttons.  You have fought bravely and now the battle is almost won.  I salute you."  The words are whispered against the damp skin of Sherlock's heaving abdomen.  Glancing up he doesn't think Sherlock has heard his secret words, he seems to be lost in a world of sensation.  Sherlock's arm is thrown up covering his eyes, his lips parted.  Sherlock's colour is high and the fine sheen of sweat is causing his thin shirt to accentuate the lean contours of his muscles.  John's mouth waters at the sight stretched out underneath him.  He has always known Sherlock is a gorgeous man, but seeing him in full sensual abandonment makes John's heart ache at the true beauty before him.  Slowly he shifts his body so that he is lightly straddling Sherlock's thighs, the movement presses his weight briefly against Sherlock's straining erection, eliciting a gasp that is quickly cut off when Sherlock bites against his lower lip.  John's eyes remain fixed on Sherlock's face as he quickly slips the last few buttons free of their buttonholes.
Wincing at the thought of how wrong she had been, and the sudden exhaustion that swept over her, she allowed herself to be led to the comfortable  sofa, letting John fuss over her with his soft hands and sad face.
Hello! Trying something a bit different.  I've been very busy relaxing recently, first beautiful West Wales and now London.  It has meant that my internet access has been sketchy at best! I finally have internet but I'm struggling to get the story to copy across which means I am re-typing the whole of this chapter (challenging with limited time and two daughters! One teen, one pre-teen) as such I am going to post only half of the chapter today and try my best to type up the rest very soon there after.
"I need to feel more of you." Sherlock's voice was a deep growl, the sound of it sending a pulse through John's cock.
Sherlock’s own body is responding eagerly.
Very sexy.”
“Honestly, I don't give a damn who catches us snogging but I’d like to take this further than kissing.”
In his younger days, John had been fiercely protective of Harry, often earning a smack around the head for refusing to get out of the way when his father was on the warpath. His calves still bear the scars from where he was whipped with his father's belt, the buckle biting into his skin when he had blocked his father's way to the front door. This had given Harry time to run to her girlfriend's house and claim sanctuary. She had never returned home again and John knows she is still unaware of the scars he bears for her. John clenches his fists at the memory of their over-bearing, ignorant, arrogant, arsehole of a father. Years in the army have taught John to channel his aggression elsewhere, his single-minded focus allowing him to both save and take lives as necessary. John supposes he has his father to thank for his bull-headed stubbornness. Unfortunately, he also has him to thank for his quick-to-ignite temper and the inclination to drown his troubles in a bottle, or two, of strong alcohol.
“Shower’s all yours if you want it.”  John says, putting on a pair of black trousers, before pulling out a red shirt from the wardrobe. He slips the shirt on, turning to face Sherlock as he buttons up, his open trousers resting loosely on his hips. “We’ve got about thirty minutes before we need to head down to dinner.”  He smiles up at Sherlock, his hair already neatly styled;  Sherlock is surprised that he hadn’t noticed the sound of the hairdryer.
For a moment both men are silent, contemplative, except for their heavy breathing and then the silence is broken by
“There’s no need for that, John.  The bed is more than big enough for the two of us.”
"Is that so, Doctor?" Sherlock breathes against John's lips, his often cold eyes warming at the implied promise. He reaches for a menu without looking, grabbing one at random. "This one. Order from this one."
It's what the broken hearted do.
“Sherlock, now, I need you now!” John begs, his head pushed back into the pillows, one hand tugging at Sherlock’s hair, the other flailing at Sherlock’s back, encouraging Sherlock to move up.
"Ok. You're going to be unsteady on your feet, and your legs will probably feel very weak. Don't worry, it's temporary, we just need to feed you up and get you moving around a little." John's words are iconic Doctor Watson, but the warmth in his voice and the gentle squeeze of his arm around Sherlock's waist is classic John. Sherlock feels strengthened just by his proximity and taking a deep breath, he slides off the bed, trusting John to take his weight where needed. He stands for a moment, letting the gentle swirl of the room slow and some strength to return to his legs. He flexes his hand where it is gripping John's bicep, indicating that he is ready to move. John understands Sherlock's unspoken directive and together they slowly shuffle forward. They pause when they are close to the edge of the toilet, both men looking down at the innocuous item with matching expressions of awkward discomfort. Taking a steadying breath, John breaks the moment by asking the question that is parading across Sherlock's mind.
When do I not want you here in my arms?
Hmmm.
"And you think they don't already? Let them, why should we care? Step on John."
Sherlock sinks slowly to his knees, the smooth fluidity of his movements making John bite his lip, anticipation pooling in him as never before. Hooking his fingers into the waistband of John’s chaps, jeans and underwear Sherlock eases them down, his eyes fixed on the skin that gradually comes in to view.
Easing Sherlock carefully back onto the bed until he is lying flat, John chases his lips for a kiss. He lies parallel to Sherlock, his body flush against the long length of Sherlock's side. Leaning over, he rests his weight on his elbow and deepens the kiss, tilting Sherlock's chin with his free hand. Warm, full lips open beneath his, encouraging him in with a brief touch of wet tongue against his lower lip. John moans at the teasing touch, chasing the tongue with his own. The vibration of Sherlock's answering moan sweeps through John, igniting his nerves and sending a surge of heat to his groin. John's cock twitches with interest against Sherlock's hip and again, Sherlock moans, pushing up into the kiss and guiding John deeper into it with a firm hand at the back of his head.
"When Mary came out of hospital we had a very frank conversation about where I needed to be.  Well I say 'we' but mostly she talked and I listened."
He watches as John twitches in his sleep, obviously dreaming again.
“Sherlock, John presented no cause for concern.”  Mycroft reasons, one hand smoothing his hair, a tell of self-soothing.  “You said yourself that he never lost consciousness, that his speech was normal.  The ambulance crew examined him at the scene and he was then examined again upon admittance to the hospital, nothing suggested that this was on the horizon.”
“You’ve nothing to apologise for, you only spoke the truth.” Sherlock presses on when John attempts to apologise again. John owes him no apology. Sherlock knows that he is the one in the wrong and that knowledge sits heavy in his chest. “It’s quite a long story, are you sure you are up to it?”
John nods his head, once, twice, before gradually loosening his grip on Sherlock's arm. As he slowly calms, John becomes aware that Sherlock is half kneeling, half sitting by him, tucked close to his left side. The heat of Sherlock's body helps to soothe him more and he sags slightly. Sherlock's left arm is pressed against John's chest, his hand splayed protectively over John's heart. Sherlock's rhythmic rubbing at the nape of his neck calms John further, such simple touches grounding him.
Marry me
“I’m fine,”
"John? What's the matter?" Mary's soft voice broke his reverie, her book now forgotten on her lap and her eyes focussed on his face, concern obvious.
This is one ‘battle’ he can’t back down from.
"Brother dear, Herr Brün, you've made excellent time, I hadn't expected you for at least another hour." As usual, Sherlock has avoided shaking hands and has taken full control of the room. John thinks it's an impressive feat considering his present attire and his lips quirk into an indulgent smile. "Of course, I would love to offer you a cup of tea after your journey, but I'm afraid we have none, a frightful oversight on John's part." John's smile turns into a frown and a small knot of dread forms in his stomach. "He did bring a bag of such thoughtful supplies from Vienna, torches, maps and ......"
She was home, she was well on her way to being fully recovered and John had been growing more and more absent by the day. Oh yes, his body was physically there, but his mind, his soul even, was wherever Sherlock was.  Those two were linked by a deeper, more profound bond than anything she had ever experienced and she was loathe to stand in its way.
"Probably not." John's voice matched Sherlock's in its lightness, a sheepish grin now pulling at his lips.  Sherlock watched as John rubbed at the back of his own neck, a nervous habit that belied the light words. "But then you've always told me I'm an idiot so why should I change a habit of a lifetime?"
The room glows a bright white under the harsh glare of the hospital lighting, leaving even healthy skin looking sallow under its bleaching effect, visitors and patients pasty in its wake.  The bedcovers lay smooth and crisp over the prone figure, the form somehow diminished in its almost complete stillness.  The only hint of life comes from the slight rise and fall of a slim chest and the reassuring mechanical beep of the heart monitor.
“Waves?” John queries again, making a vague gesture with his head. He swallows, trying to force some saliva down his obviously sore throat, causing Sherlock to wince in sympathy. “Sea.” John’s speech is already beginning to slur and his eyelids are drooping, exhaustion starting to wash over him. Sherlock knows it is to be expected but still the fear of John not waking if he sleeps again threatens to overwhelm him. Instead he tries to decipher what John may mean with his perplexing words.
Shirt and tie, no jumper.
"There's no milk."
“Uncle Mycroft!”  Rosie shrieks out happily, running to greet the austere man.  It never ceases to surprise John at how good Mycroft is at bearing Rosie’s exuberant hugs and shrieks.
The singing gradually loses volume and then stops altogether, leaving Sherlock straining his ears for the sound of washing or movement.
“Yes Daddy!”  John listens as his daughter gives a long, if somewhat hard to understand, description of everything she has been up to.  Sherlock asks her a few pertinent questions, eliciting more excited squeals and laughter.  Eventually, Rosie grows bored with their conversation and starts wriggling to get out of Mrs. Hudson’s arms.
"I really, really do. I want this." He slides his hand along Sherlock's cock, twisting slightly before moving back down, fully uncovering the dusky head of Sherlock's penis. "Do you want me to?"
devious at where they hide them now.”  Mary is almost crowing in her defeat of Sherlock, it’s been a long time coming and she is determined to savour every moment of it. “And I’m certain you’ll be in no condition to speak when I’m finished with you, Sherlock.  In fact, you'll be in no condition to breathe.”  She laughs at her own macabre humour and squats in front of him.
"You're healing exactly as we expected, Mr Holmes. At this rate, we should be able to release you into the care of Doctor Watson and you'll be able to return home in a few days."
"Look at me Sherlock! Damn it, I've seen you when you've gone without sleep before.  This is more than that. Let me examine you."
“I know I don't say it as often as I should…”  Sherlock begins and then falters. “but you're my conductor of light.  You make everything clearer, brighter.”  He kneels down to hand a toy to Rosie, averting his face.  “I can do what I do
"Oh." John never thought that Sherlock would admit to being a cuddler.
John tilts Sherlock’s face so that he is looking directly at John. “It’s only you for me, as it always
"Talk to me.  You're still concentrating too hard."
“Fuck.” Sherlock knows John wants to be able to say more, to express himself more clearly but that his brain is still off-line, he can’t help but feel a little bit smug.
“You know what happened.
The music is a mix of genres and seems to appeal to everyone in the room,  John drums along with the beat on his knees or the table top, his two glasses of wine lowering his inhibitions just enough for him to stop worrying about what other people may think of him.  Sherlock loves seeing him like this, relaxed and enjoying the moment.  He watches as John sips at the last of his wine, admiring the way the movement puts the lines of his strong jawline on show, emphasising his cheekbones.  He smiles when John looks over at him, aware that he isn’t anywhere near as a handsome as John; Sherlock feels his relaxed look tends to make him look rather idiotic, all double chin and wrinkles - although it appears extremely likely that John, at least, finds him attractive.
He clambers off Sherlock's lap, laughing again when his legs tremble as he tries to walk to the bathroom. He is still smiling when he looks into the mirror above the sink. He looks years younger, skin flushed and eyes bright. He can see his wedding ring shining in the small amount of candlelight that comes in through the open door but no longer hates the sight of it. It is no longer Mary's ring, it is Sherlock's.
John reaches up and grasps firmly on Sherlock’s nape, the other hand wanders restlessly along the length of Sherlock’s spine, leaving goosebumps in its wake. He shifts his hips, trying to encourage Sherlock to move, the fullness he is experiencing feels incredible and now he wants to feel more, wants to know what it feels like to be fucked, to be made love to.
Johns states but doubt starts to creep in and his words falter.
“John? Can you lean your head a little to the right for me? I’m going to change the dressing on your head and see how are you are healing.”
"Don't be an idiot, for once in your life. All this 'stuff' that he believes he must do to keep me alive, to keep me safe, it's killing him. He's not as strong as he tries to make people believe. He is far from being the unfeeling ice man he allows people to believe. Don't let him lose himself, or lose you, in trying to protect me." Sherlock's words are heartfelt and earnest and Greg is obviously finding it hard to form an appropriate response.
John can't quite hold back the smile that pulls at his lips. Here and there are photos of her cat, Toby and although her office is organised and efficient, Molly's personality has made its mark. Little cat figurines nestle amongst the medical books, a framed photo of Molly and Toby sits next to the light-box used to read X-Rays. A baby pink scarf rests over the back of a black leather office chair, it's softness at odds with the solid bulk of the chair. He sits in the chair that Molly directs him to, taking off his coat and jumper and rolling up the sleeve of his shirt.
to, taste the semen from your cock."
John's barely recovered cheeks flushed again at the suggestion and he immediately chastised himself for his juvenile reaction. He was sure he could see a light blush on his friend's usually pale cheeks; this suggestion was obviously causing him some discomfort and John felt a wash of sentiment when he realised that Sherlock was willing to try anything if it helped John learn to dance, even at the expense of his own comfort.
“So,” he says when he’s eventually able to breathe again, and downs the remains of his drink. Sherlock is still across the room, still watching intently, his face a mixture of amusement and concern. “I think I’m going to go over there and kiss Sherlock. Probably quite a lot.”
“Is that real? Can you see that happening? I’m not high - I haven’t knowingly taken anything so I don’t have a list-”
“What…what…” he opens his mouth a few more times, but nothing comes out.
Apparently, in his first year of uni, Sherlock had been looking for a quiet place to have a smoke, and come upon one of those situations that everyone knows happens, and nobody ever talks about. Three rugby players whose parents had never taught them what ‘no’ means and a girl who’d had rather too much to drink, everyone knows the story. Sherlock, sixteen years old and small for his age, had apparently waded in with a combination of whirling fists and cutting deductions, with the result that the rugby players had been too busy trying to pin down the skinny little bastard in order to give him a lesson in manners to notice the girl slipping away. They’d noticed her come back, alright, since she came back with the rest of the rugby team and every girl at the party, and while Sherlock had been a bit bruised around the edges, he was much less battered than the three would-be-rapists.
“Thank you for last night, darling,” she says. “You were marvellous.”
“And his
“I believe that when you confronted Eurus in the prison and at Musgrove, some of the things she had done became…damaged. And they are being damaged further-”
Eventually Sherlock appears in his bedroom door and calls them a pack of chattering harpies and tells them to clear off. John is pretty sure that if he tried that he’d  be getting things thrown at him, but they laugh and kiss Sherlock’s cheek and tell him that he’s an absolute marvel and clear off, leaving empty teacups and a melange of different perfumes drifting about the flat. John stares into space, trying to banish the mental images his brain is presenting him with or, failing that, the erection that is determined on making itself known.
“I have to go - I have to go apologize-” She’s trying to stand but John finds that his hand has fixed itself around her wrist, so tightly that it probably hurts.
“God, Sherlock, you-“ he says and presses in,
. Sherlock will come, and he will find you, and he will keep you safe.
Things come to a head when Sherlock is invited to attend a reunion. Apparently uni reunions are a thing, although honestly John’s never heard of one. Sherlock would probably not have gone, except there are no cases on and John thinks that getting out of the flat for a bit would do him a world of good. Sherlock eventually agrees, on the condition that John come with him, which suits John fine – he could use some time outside the flat as well, if he’s being honest.
“I don’t know why you said what you said,” John says finally. “But you have to know that it’s not true. Sherlock has been a father to you all your life, in every way that matters. And I think that you know that. Sherlock loves you with all his heart, and that’s a beautiful gift. But that means you can hurt him more than anyone, so you need to have a care, my darling.”
They eat in silence and when her plate is empty Claire rises with a motion so graceful John is reminded of lions, effortlessly graceful in the African sun. She puts her hand in Sherlock’s hair and ruffles it even more – it’s already a disaster, anyway, it’s not like she can make it worse.
“Sherlock, what’s this about?” John asks, and Sherlock starts as though he’s forgotten that John is even there. “Is this about the case?”
Sherlock starts, but she glares at him and he leaves off. Perhaps now isn’t the moment for a David Tennant impression.
, and he loves that he has me like this. I raise both hands to him, a supplicant, and breathe his name, and he comes to me, fitting his warm naked body against mine, and every point of contact is a blazing fire within me, my sensitive skin reacting to his.
“But I don’t want to hurt you, Sherlock,” she says, and sits up. She takes his face in her hands and they stare at each other. “You didn’t kill my mother,” she says fiercely. “She got herself killed, and got you to blame yourself for it. And she nearly killed you!”
“John-“
“It’s okay, Dad,” she says, and puts her hand on his head. “She shot Sherlock.” Like it’s that simple, like someone who shoots Sherlock doesn’t deserve love. And John hates that she has to reconcile this with her picture of Mary - whom they had never painted as a saint, but nobody had felt the need to bring the assassin bit up before.
Mycroft arrives twenty minutes later, out of breath and looking worried, because Sherlock has never, in their forty years of knowing each other, phoned him willingly.
Suddenly, John finds himself laughing. If this were anyone else, he’d be telling them where to get off, but it’s Sherlock, and if there is one person in the world who can successfully cock-block himself by filling his bed with people of the wrong gender, that person is Sherlock Holmes.
“Hmm, of a sort,” Alice says thoughtfully. “Quite pretty, in a skinny sort of way. Said he was bisexual but I think he just wanted to have what nobody else could get, because he certainly never went for any blokes after he dumped Sherlock – and he’d have had to, because none of us wanted anything to do with him after that. He got quite nasty about it afterwards as well, told the whole world that Sherlock was too uptight to put out and so on.”
and it was cruel, and I’m so sorry, Sherlock, please say you’ll forgive me!”
She turns a blinding smile on him and her grass-green eyes flick over him from top to bottom.
“Back to Bart’s,” he tells the cabbie, who is grinning at them in the rearview. No doubt at the thought of his absolutely massive fare.
someday, but right now John needs to make sure that her first doesn’t belong to Sherlock.
By the time he helps me from the bath and dries me with exquisite care, I am…I am floating high above myself and I’ve never been more connected to my body, both at the same time, and his every touch overwhelms me. His hand on my elbow sends sparks skittering up and down my arm, raises gooseflesh on the back of my neck, makes my eyes fall half-closed with desire.
Once she’s gone, Sherlock sighs.
“Oh, yes, and that went so well last time,” Sherlock groans. His voice is muffled – probably he’s trying to dig his way through to the back of the sofa with his face again. “It was
Claire shrugs.
from him, slamming the bedroom door behind him, and
Sherlock freezes when he hears the click of the bathroom door’s lock.
“It doesn’t matter,” he says. “It’s true anyway. It’s all true, I’m just being stupid.” He summons up a smile for her, but it must look dreadfully fake because her face crumbles and she starts crying again and oh God, he made her cry!
I make a sound somewhere between a moan and a sigh, and he kisses my bloody mouth, and I cry out and shudder against him as he licks his own blood out of my mouth oh
“You should tell him,” comes Mycroft voice, light and certain through the open door.
“Right. And…will you be seeing her again?”
“I told him he’s not my real father,” she says quietly - and it’s the most ridiculous thing John’s ever heard, because she says those words, those hateful words, in the posh accent she learned at Sherlock’s knee. “And I said that I know he killed my mother.”
Rosie doesn’t look at him, doesn’t move her eyes from the middle distance.
She smiles again and tells him her name is Claire, and goes back into Sherlock’s room with two cups of tea, leaving behind the faintest trace of perfume. John hears a deep laugh that can only be Sherlock’s and it’s not like he’s
, and he’s running and shouting but it turns out not to be necessary, because the man screams and the knife hurtles out of his hand to stick four inches into a stone wall.
I realise that I’ve pushed open the door. I don’t remember climbing the rest of the stairs. Mycroft is standing, smiling at me. Sherlock is a rigid line on the sofa, trembling with…fear? Horror?
, I can’t bear it, I could stay like this forever. He kisses my face and my cheeks and my neck, and I raise my chin to let him kiss me there, on my long neck that he loves so much (the long and tempting curve that cost me my mortality, two hundred years and more ago) and moan and moan and moan, because every
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
Sherlock stumbles to his feet and takes her in his arms. They end up on the floor, Rosie in his lap as she was when she was tiny, just a tiny bundle of smiles with a tuft of golden hair, and she clings to him to tightly, as though she thinks he might run if she lets go. As if he would. As if he
She smiles at him and hands him a drink.
The following weekend it’s Anne, and then Grace, and Sally (not Sally Donovan, thank God, John thinks his brain may actually implode at the thought of Sally Donovan marching out of Sherlock’s bedroom) and then Grace again. And all of them are perfectly polite and incredibly gorgeous, and John puts that together with ‘not really my area’ and comes up with ‘???possibly a gigolo???’.
“John, please-” he starts, but breaks off when Rosie’s golden head peeks around the door. “Oh.”
By the time he stops, she’s crying into her hands.
. Such a nasty little word, but on the other hand, I’ve found out some fairly interesting things through eavesdropping over the years, and it’s not like Sherlock’s never-
and his whole face twists up like the time they’d arrived at Mycroft’s unexpectedly to find Lestrade answering the door. “Oh my God that’s
“You know what’s happening to me,” Sherlock says. “You’ve been expecting this.”
“Mmm, thanks,” he says. “So, I didn’t catch your name.”
She nods once and then she’s up, racing back towards Baker Street with her hair and her coat flying behind. John follows at a more leisurely pace. He stops to get himself a coffee on the way.
It becomes sort of routine, and to be honest John is kind of starting to look forward to Saturday and Sunday mornings, because Sherlock’s…conquests are really very ornamental and although Anne can’t make tea she has the most amazing blue eyes, and Sally kissed John on the cheek as she handed him his tea – which is more physical contact than he’s had with anyone of the female persuasion for
“So I was standing outside just now, and I was thinking,” I say. “I was thinking I’d like to find the person you were pining for and leave them on your doorstep or your pillow like a cat, except probably I wouldn’t disembowel them first. I mean, I can’t promise anything, because honestly the thought of you pining for someone else has me seeing red, just a bit. And then I started thinking how nice it would be if I was a cat, because I could bring you dead mice to experiment on, which I think you’d like.”
“You! You think…and Sherlock…Oh my God this is the most hilarious thing I’ve ever heard. Holmes! Oi,
? How…what? Eight? John isn’t even sure how that would work, because after all Sherlock has only one…and there are eight and…it’s all very disturbing, and basically all his mind is doing is going ‘so much skin…’ and he’s very confused.
!” One of his crowd of admirers pulls him down to whisper in his ear and John has never seen Sherlock looks so revolted in his
“Sit. Explain.”
And okay, now Sherlock is crying again, but only because he feels as though his heart is about to burst out of his chest, and Rosie puts her arms around him again and just holds him as he cries, his magnificent, brilliant daughter, whom he loves more than anything.
Everything becomes clear the moment the blood touches my mouth. His smile, his eyes,
“I guess what I’m trying to say, Sherlock, is that I’m rather desperately in love with you too, and I haven’t deleted anything about sex and I can tell you that you’re pretty much spot-on with the licking thing.” Sherlock’s hands come up and touch my back, my shoulders, and I shudder, my eyes wanting to close. I lean closer, my lips millimetres from his. “I had fish and chips for lunch, Sherlock,” I say. “Come experiment on me.”
Right now, I honestly couldn’t care less.
. For me.
when I said it,” Rosie continues. “I…he looked like I’d shot him.”
With the other hand, he rubs around my entrance, cool-slick with lube, presses inside and makes me cry out. One finger, at first, and my entire being narrows down to that one digit, moving inside me, setting me on fire. One becomes two becomes three, and by the time he pulls them out and leaves me gaping and unfilled I am sweating and crying, blood seeping from my skin and veiling my vision with red, leaving smears and streaks on the bedding. I am a creature of scarlet and marble now, nothing left of me but aching, unfilled desire.
chair!
The second time it happens a murderer is stabbing at John’s back with a wickedly sharp knife, and Sherlock is
Mycroft scoffs. He’s a champion scoffer, that one, could scoff for England.
John does not put his lips to my skin again – if he tried, I like to believe I would be strong enough to stop him – but his hands roam everywhere, as he folds me up, as he gathers up my hands and folds them around my knees so that I am holding myself open for him, as he leans forward and presses a single closed-mouth kiss to my bottom lip.
“No, no he didn’t” John says.
Sherlock’s breath hitches, and John stops dead. He knows that sound, he’s heard it before, in the dead of night when Sherlock thought he was asleep, and once on the floor of a morgue.
“And you’re definitely sure he’s gay?” he asks.
John is confused and disturbed. Yes. Confused. Disturbed. Not jealous, and definitely not aroused. He doesn’t care if Sherlock is apparently getting off with half of London, he’d just rather not have to worry about walking in on an orgy every time he comes back from the pub, ta very much. Only how exactly does one go about talking about this kind of thing? “Mate, I respect your life and your choices, but do you think that maybe you could move the sex elsewhere?” is not likely to go down well. So he just keeps it quiet and resolves to ignore the situation. Besides which, if he starts telling Sherlock that he can’t bring girls home, Sherlock would be well within his rights to insist that
Neither of them say anything as Sherlock makes scrambled eggs on toast for three. By the time he’s done, Claire emerges from the bathroom in a cloud of steam wearing one of those ensembles that can go from professional to on-the-prowl with a roll of the hem and some red lipstick. Her hair is tamed into a French braid and her make-up is flawless.
John is, once again, confused and disturbed. It’s not that he doesn’t believe that Sherlock could have friends. It’s not even that he doesn’t believe Sherlock can have girlfriends – after all, he’s seen Sherlock faffing about the flat in his pants, and also there’s Grace and Claire and Alice and all the rest – it’s that he finds it hard to believe that Sherlock has had
“John, please,” I say, and my voice makes him shudder, the deep rough silk of it, wrecked on the altar of John Watson, made rough with desire, with its inhuman harmonics filled to the brim with
Sherlock’s eyes are gleaming in the low light of the room and John shivers at the mere thought of what Sherlock is implying.
“I have always believed you to be dangerous, Mary. I tried to ignore the evidence in front of me, to convince myself that I’d read you wrong, it does happen, more than I’d like to admit.  I wanted to believe that you would be good for John, that you offered him that mix of danger and security he craved, that you truly loved him.” Sherlock manages to work some spittle into his mouth, allowing his words to come out more smoothly, a hint of bitterness tainting them.
Sherlock feels cold steel pressed against his temple and closes his eyes, at least he will die surrounded by the people he cares about; his family.
“So? Have you?”  John asks again.
With a final round of farewells, John and Sherlock collect their bags from the hallway and go out to meet the awaiting car.  Molly, Mrs. Hudson and Rosie all wave them off from the front steps before going back inside.  Something catches Sherlock’s eye as John is loading the bags in to the boot of the car, having refused the driver’s help.
Keep the wound on your arm as dry as possible.
“What would you suggest?  Partners? Sweethearts?”  John pauses, uttering his final suggestion just as the lift doors open.  “Lovers?”
"Mycroft had a friend, a lover really, a few years older than himself that I became quite attracted to. I was 12 and Michael was 22, I followed him around much like my childhood dog had followed me around. It annoyed Mycroft hugely; he didn't want to share Michael and resented that I was always appearing and interrupting their 'moments'."
Her husband smiles and places a tender kiss on her forehead just as the lift opens on the first floor.
~~~~~
John’s fingers twitch with the temptation to touch but he does what Sherlock has requested and remains where he is, just watching.
“Tonight, with the rest arriving in the morning.  Odd timing, in my opinion.”  John smiles down at what remains of his goat’s cheese and walnut salad, fully aware that Sherlock has no need to fact-check with him but appreciating the effort.
"Sherlock? What is it?"
"I bet she did." John's brow darkens at the thought of Mary and her implications. "Sholto was my commanding officer, and yes, I admit I felt something for him, a bit of hero worship I guess; but I never wanted to initiate anything between us even though I suspected he may have had feelings for me. A quick fling wasn't worth the risk of my position or my reputation. Despite what the media may say the army is still not the place for homosexual relationships to exist."
Sherlock shoves the offered tablet into his mouth, gulps down his tea and rapidly gobbles down two biscuits, glaring at John's laughter. "What did she say?" Sherlock grinds out, every word over enunciated.
John clumps down the stairs, mumbling to himself and trying not to be too agitated about seeing Mycroft mere hours after he and Sherlock have had sex. He had intended to wake hours ago; he had wanted to smother Sherlock in affection, to explore every inch of him with his mouth and his fingers - and other parts of his anatomy had Sherlock been willing - but he had been so worn out from their earlier activities, and from the relief of them finally getting together, that he had slept the sleep of the dead, nothing disturbing either of them until now.
chatting me up that first night in Angelo's?" Sherlock queries. He's never been entirely sure, stopping John before he could get too far into his speech.
“Where is John Watson?” Sherlock demands abruptly making the nurse flinch, all efforts at politeness abandoned, if they were ever employed at all.
"What was it you said last night, John? 'Half the joy is in the anticipation. Everything is better if you have to wait for it.' Believe me, John. You'll be ecstatic that you waited for it."
Sherlock's eyes had fluttered closed during these loving kisses, his full lips partly open, soft sighs escaping, never had he felt so loved, so appreciated, so needed. The knowledge of John's feelings for him, all of him, bringing tears to his eyes. He felt the tears being kissed away, John understanding they were tears of joy, no awkward questions needed.
“Everything alright?” John queries, his chin resting heavily on Sherlock’s thigh.
“I understand, John.”
Sherlock chuckles, brushing his fingers once more over John’s prostate.
Sherlock trails off, not wanting to vocalise his hopes only to have them dashed to bits.
“You have underestimated me in many ways, Mary.  Untie him, let him go and I swear to you that you will leave this building alive.”  John’s voice is emotionless and although he speaks at his normal volume the words carry crystal clear.
Finally, to everyone, you AMAZE me!
Sherlock stops pacing and swiftly takes off his coat, throwing it over the end of his bed.
"These need to go," John mutters, tugging at the loose material of the pyjamas. Sherlock lifts his hips, easing the removal of his nightwear. "and so do these." John removes his boxer shorts, sighing in relief.
“That would about cover it. Yes.”
"It was like listening to something pure and hopeful, yet somehow sensuous and full of longing.  It made me want to listen forever." John's words were softly spoken, private, meant only for them. The quietness pullled Sherlock from his musings far more effectively than any shout.
John does not object, merely licks his lips and tilts his head; all anticipation.
"Erm, thanks, but what have I illuminated this time?"
“I didn’t allow Mycroft, or myself, to look beyond the story that Mary gave us.
*****************************
than an extra pair of hands at a crime scene, someone to praise you and clean up after you.” Mary insists, her voice growing shrill in her anger.  “Even now he means nothing to you.  You're only fucking him because it’s the easy way to keep him.  No effort required on your part, you can just lay there and think of England while he thrusts and groans.”
John's eyelids were growing heavy and his words were whispered.  Sherlock was tired too but knew he must be heavy on John's chest, weakly he tried to move away.  The strong arms that were wrapped around him held him more tightly. "You're not going anywhere."
“Yes. Well.  Good.”  John responds awkwardly, clearing his throat before continuing to talk, obviously determined to get his point across. “You’re still not actually listening, Sherlock.”  Sherlock forces himself to focus on what John is saying, clearing the inappropriate images from his mind.  This time, Sherlock allows himself to lean in a little, knowing that this conversation is important to John, no matter how painful it might be for him.  “What I’m trying to say is that sex isn’t a prerequisite for a relationship with me.  If the person I’m with doesn’t do that, then it’s fine, it’s all fine.” John’s face is earnest, the truth in his words obvious.
Sherlock stares at John, at all the bare skin on display.  The light filters through Sherlock's thin curtains and casts a soft glow over John's skin and Sherlock's hands twitch with the need to feel that skin beneath his fingertips.  He wants to trace the way each muscle sits and moves in John's torso, to run his fingers through the smattering of hair over John's chest, follow the darkening trail on his abdomen to where it dips beneath the sheets.
~~~~~~~
He is dressed as a flamenco dancer, all skin-tight clothing and heeled shoes; it’s an unexpected choice for the usually conservative, slightly scruffy, police officer.
"Can I mark you Sherlock, like you marked me? So that people know you are mine too?" John's lips brushed over Sherlock's pulse point as he spoke, he felt Sherlock's pulse spike at the suggestion of being John's.
He grimaces in pain as he tries to suppress the shudder of revulsion that Magnussen’s presence and
Sherlock knows the man well and wonders how long he has been standing there, knowing he has the uncanny ability of passing unseen and unheard - an ability that Sherlock has often utilised.
You wear white and I'll wear out the words "I love you"
Grinning Sherlock caressed his lover's face. "If I'd known you were there I would have had you in my shower and I do mean 'had'! "
"Great! So, I married an assassin who not only has a damn good go at killing my best friend but fucks around too!" The words are loud in the small room and Sherlock's eyes dart to the corridor outside, it's empty but he can hear hushed voices coming from the nurses' station just down the hall. "Sorry, sorry." John apologises for his outburst, letting go of Sherlock's hands to cover his face with his palms. "God, I sound like a jealous husband. " He drags his hands down over his face and then rests them back on his thighs. Sherlock is surprised to see relief clearly displayed on John's face. "And I'm not, I'm really not. I'm praying that she has been unfaithful so that if there is a baby it's unlikely to be mine. What kind of man does that make me, Sherlock? Hmmm? I'm newly married and all I want is for my wife to have been screwing around so that I can get out of the worst mistake of my life and into my flatmate's pants!" John colours at his final words but doesn't deny them.
"It could be someone else's scan, John. It might not be Mary's scan that we are looking at." Sherlock tries to reason but his voice sounds flat, his face carefully blank.
“Name?”
“Right, you remember the drill, good arm around me, let me take the majority of your weight and into the wheelchair.  I’ll then tuck you back in and you'll take that flask of drink with you. You’ll do what I’ll tell you to do, or, so help me, Sherlock, I’ll push you down the nearest set of stairs and Greg here will help me make it look like an accident.”
*********************************
"What?" Sherlock follows John's gaze and is apparently surprised to see himself massaging his own arm. "It's nothing." He lowers his arm slowly, keeping his eyes away from John. The effort seems to be taking some serious control on Sherlock's part, the tendons in his neck pulling taut.
"Sherlock, it really isn't my job to keep tabs on your friends ....."  Sherlock could hear the sneer in his brother's voice, contempt almost dripping from the word, 'friends'.
You really do realise that shouting via text doesn't actually work don't you? - JW
John looks up, making eye contact, one hand rubbing light circles on Sherlock’s back.  “No.”
**************************************
His thoughts must have shown clear on his face as John let out a long, shuddering breath, clearing his throat before moving away from him on the bed.  They both know that soon the tension will break and they will take everything the other has to offer.  Neither wants that moment to be on a hospital bed, and Sherlock knows John is  worried about his still-healing wound; unnecessarily so, in Sherlock's opinion.
"I..I.." John halts, forces himself to breathe evenly before answering Sherlock, "You're right."
“I have a scruffy police officer and a fat busy-body at my disposal, I’m sure one of you will be able to help.  If not, one of you can distract her and I’ll simply look up the information for myself.”  Sherlock challenges as he leaves the room, making a beeline for the nurses' station.  His pace less strident than usual but still cutting an imposing figure nevertheless.
"You're right," John's voice is intimate but he has kept it clear enough that Sherlock can hear every word.  "I should have answered your message, told you exactly how I felt about the baby.  I'm just finding it much harder than Sherlock is to move past the fact that you shot him."  He holds up a hand, seeking her silence.  "The baby makes it all much simpler, doesn't it? We all need to be in the correct places when she comes along don't we?"
Greg teases, a large grin on his tanned face.
Lestrade indicates for Sherlock to continue, his face world-weary, tired with but unsurprised at all the ugliness the world had to offer.
“Plenty to mull over, gentlemen.
John concurs, curious about the light blush on Sherlock’s cheeks.
“It’s nothing.”
Forever can never be long enough for me
“And what did he ask for in return?”  Sherlock asks, knowing that Mycroft never does anything for free.
“He will wake, when he wakes.”  Mary shrugs.  “No words from me will alter that fact.”
At the thought of the wedding John had gone cold. He loved Mary, she was easy to be around and made him laugh, but the relationship seemed to be dull and lifeless compared to his time spent with Sherlock. When Mary had cuddled into him in bed he had initially returned her soft kisses but had then frozen as things had become more heated, Mary obviously wanted to take things to a more sexual level. He had extricated himself from her arms, saying he was tired after a long day of working with Sherlock, had kissed her briefly on the cheek before rolling over onto his side and faking a few deep yawns.  He had felt her confusion washing over him and was grateful when she had given him a small hug before whispering good night and letting him sleep.  His mind had been racing when he eventually did fall asleep, remembrances of being held against Sherlock flooding his mind. His dreams too, had been full of Sherlock.  Sometimes serious ones where they were working cases, where they were reliant on each other totally.  The two of them against the rest of the world. Other times the dreams had been silly, where he and Sherlock were dressed in top hats and evening suits dancing their way through a starlight sky. In all of the dreams he had known that something was different between them, that something had changed. He and Sherlock had been more than flat mates, more than best friends - they had been lovers. He had awoken feeling satisfied and fulfilled only to feel his heart plummet at the realisation that it had all been only a dream.
Claire enlists Grace and Alice to tow John to a table, where they sit him down, ply him with strong drink, and tell him the story of how Sherlock Holmes had had more women in his bed than John had ever met, all without sleeping with any of them.
“Damn it,” he mutters, and fidgets with his hands.
My brain is blank. Completely and utterly blank.
“I do sleep with women, you yammering harlot!” Sherlock calls back. “I sleep with you
“Sit,” he says.
She sits, and John begins to explain. He skips the parts she already knows - Moriarty and the Fall, and the wedding. He starts with when Mary shot Sherlock in the heart. He can see from the way Rosie’s jaw clenches that this, at least, had not been in Sherlock’s diary. Probably he’d never written it down, protecting Mary even in his private writings.
, Sherlock! You have made me extraordinary. Everything that I am, everything that I’m proud of in my life and all the things I’m going to do one day - that’s all because of you. So don’t let anyone tell you you’re not my father, because you’re the best father anyone has ever had, and that’s final”
“Don’t be ridiculous, Mycroft,” Sherlock says, and this is definitely not the way he usually talks to Mycroft. He sounds tired, despairing. Definitely not how he usually talks to his brother. From the sounds of it, he’s got his face in the couch again, and my mind helpfully supplies details – probably wearing his gown, curled up on the couch, bare toes wriggling sulkily at the universe (and I’ve certainly never thought about kissing those ridiculous monkey toes, about reducing Sherlock to a babbling wreck by sucking on them one by one, and…okay, maybe I have thought about it. Once or twice. A week. Since we met. It’s definitely not my fault though – if people are going to go around having alluring toes, then other people are allowed to have…thoughts about them. I’m pretty sure it’s in the rules.) “It’s not that easy.”
“I’m saying that without you, I would have grown up speaking only one language. I would never have learned the violin. I would have had a miserable father and a lying mother. I would have learned normal, boring things at a normal, boring school. I would never have gone to Germany and pretended to be a runaway and saved a hundred people from the worst thing I can imagine. I would have no idea what the inside of an eyeball looks like, or what bees do when they think nobody is watching. I would have grown up, and I would have been ordinary, and maybe I would have been happy, but
, and it’s
“John, I-“ he says.
I…what? Me? Sherlock’s been…oh, god, I can’t even think the word.
“It’s not true,” she whispers into his neck. “None of it’s true, Sherlock.”
Five minutes later Sherlock comes around the corner, the blonde on his arm, and they both duck into the car. Sherlock has red lipstick all over his mouth, and the blonde woman is smiling, although her hands appear to be shaking.
He looks at Mycroft and curls his fingers on themselves.
“There’s more,” he says. “Sit down, please.”
He throws out a hand and flings himself across the room, and it’s not until she’s safe in his arms that he notices that the books seem to have frozen mid-tumble. As soon as he does, they fall to the ground.
“Oh, this is just like the Victor Trevor thing all over again,” she says. “Sherlock, remember how we had a talk about mixed messages and how you probably should have told Victor about the Arrangement before he found you in bed with half the netball team?”
“Blinded me how? Stop talking around it and get to the
“It’s exactly that easy, brother mine,” he says. “The next time you see him, just…open your mouth and let the words come out. You never usually have a problem with letting words come out, I’ve always found the difficulty to lie in rather the opposite direction.”
“More lies, Mycroft? I’m really getting tired of these games, you know.”
Sherlock isn’t sure how long he cries for, but when he stops, John is standing beside them, watching them with a smile.
, until I can feel him in the core of me, and I beg and beg and beg until he presses my knees back and fucks into me
She reaches around Sherlock to greet John (because for some reason all of Sherlock’s lady friends immediately know who John is, is Sherlock talking about him in bed? Everything about this situation is wrong, wrong and confusing and strange and wrong) and introduces herself as Violet. She gives an address to the cabby and kisses Sherlock on the cheek with a whispered ‘thank you’ before getting out.
“Just…just wait,” he says.
Sherlock shrugs.
John doesn’t mention anything, and neither does Sherlock.
“You look upset, John,” she says. “What’s wrong?”
John doesn’t say anything.
, Mycroft!”
“If you’re not sure you can get home, you text Sherlock. He takes you to his place, you sleep it off, nobody gets lost or murdered. Sometimes Mrs Hudson lets you in if you can get there yourself. It’s a good system, you know? It works.”
comes, with a cry that sounds almost painful, I can feel him flood me with his hot essence, fiery inside my room-temperature body, and I stiffen and arc against him and scream as his pleasure takes me by storm.
can’t bring girls home, and, well, John is still hoping to get a leg over at some point in his future.
“There is a world beyond the one we live in, Sherlock. Beside us, every day, invisible and unseen. You were meant to be a part of that world, but when she attacked you on the night she burned Musgrave to the ground, Eurus not only erased every memory of herself, but every memory of the world we were born to, and blinded you entirely to its effects. Three years ago, Sherlock, I could have done this in front of you and you would not have reacted. Your mind would have filled in the blanks and created a story you could believe, because it had lost the ability to see this.”
