"I think she mentioned baking some cookies the other day," John said with a smile at Hamish. "But on Christmas Eve, you know what we're going to do? You, me and Papa are going to try to make cookies for Father Christmas all by ourselves. Just us, no help from Nanny Hudson."
"Sure, of course, love. I'll put a lot of marshmallows in it for you." John promised and kissed Hamish's cheek before he stood.
"Thank you, 'Mish." He whispered before he wrapped his arms around his son and pulled him close as possible. Maybe it was just migraine, the signs seemed pretty clear that it might be. That wasn't too serious, a migraine. He could take pills for that. Pills and rest. That would not ruin Christmas. "Can you turn the lights off, Sherlock?" John asked in a soft voice, finding that if he spoke quietly his head didn't throb as much. "Light is hurting my eyes." Sherlock quickly swept through the room and closed all the curtains. He dimmed the lights by wrapping a towel around the lamp. He then hovered by the bed on pins and needles waiting for the doctors' knock. Hamish simply cuddled up to John and went to sleep, enjoying the feeling of napping with his Dad. As soon as Sherlock was sure that Hamish had completely dropped off he started spinning his ring again, hovering between the door and the bed. John could almost feel the panic coming off of him, but he was so tired.
"You get 'em Papa!" Hamish cheered. Greg walked over to the computer and looked at the family.
"Shut up!" Hamish snapped. "No you don't." He was crying. "You just left. Daddy was sad! Papa is sad!" He tried to pull away and Victor refused to let go. "LET ME GO!" He shouted.  He was behaving just like Sherlock. Unable to properly express his feelings so he got angry.
"I'm sure he will simply tell us how he knew and we were idiots for not seeing it." John said softly, a smirk in his voice. He was tired and fighting it. His forehead warm against Sherlock's neck. "I love you." The giggles dissolved into a violent coughing vit.
"Hm, let's get back to the flat." John grinned. "You two have fun," He shook their hands as Sherlock had done.
"Papa found you." John corrected, glad to see that Sherlock had calmed down even if it was only a bit. He rested his hand on Sherlock's shoulder as he closed his eyes and thought back to the day Sherlock found Hamish. It had been raining and they were freezing and cold, desperate to get back in the car and go back to the flat. The case was solved but Sherlock refused to let them leave yet. "Papa wouldn't let us leave the crime scene. He wouldn't explain why but he made us all be very quiet. Then, to all of our surprise he pulled up a trap door and then there you were, crying and scared. The second he picked you up you stopped crying." He opened his eyes to smile at Hamish, running a hand through his hair. "Since then you've been our baby and we love you so much." He hummed. Sherlock blushed slightly and looked down at Hamish.
"Thank you Mrs. Hudson. Dr. Evans," Sherlock strode forward and shook the man’s hand. "He's in the bedroom. We got into a bad scuffle yesterday. He had to have some stitches in his arm. He refused A&E and had me stitch the wound. He seemed fine last night... But now he says he has a migraine, is cool to the touch, and pale. He's also photo sensitive." Sherlock said all the words very quickly before leading the man into the bedroom. "Our son is with him, just so you aren't surprised." He knelt over the bed and gently nudged Hamish until the boy slipped away from John. "John, love, the doctor is here..." Sherlock didn't know what to do so he just stepped back out of the way and waited for John to wake up and talk to the doctor, spinning his ring the whole time.
"He doesn't have to know anything." Victor gave a wince and looked at Sherlock with a shrug.
"Be kind to him, Victor." Sherlock ordered while John was in the kitchen. "That's one of my rules too. "You can't treat him poorly because you're jealous." Victor laughed as he stared at the ceiling.
"You thought I was innocent virgin?" Sherlock asked with a sly smile. "You're not wrong. I am a virgin. I've only given head to a few guys before." He confessed softly, not allowing the emotion of the statement to reach his eyes. "I've never had anyone do anything to me." He brought a curious hand to John's hair and ran his fingers through it slowly.
"I'm proud of you," Sherlock hummed as he wiped his own forehead that was covered with sweat. "John, I hate to bother you but as soon as your done, I... I'm really hot." He panted slightly, falling back onto his chair. Victor looked at Sherlock, a frown appearing on his face.
John, meanwhile, was panting for breath as he entered his and Sherlock's room. As soon as the door closed behind him the damn tears he'd been fighting fell down his cheeks. A full blown panic attack swept over him and he couldn't stop it. He flicked off the light and crawled into the bed, burying his face in the pillows and biting down on his lip hard to stifle the sob that tried to wrestle its' way free of his chest. He coughed and cried and forced his breathing, his entire existence melting down to grief, worry, and sorrow. Sherlock's scent was overwhelming and it brought back that look. The look of Sherlock not knowing him. The look that made him want to cut himself open to bleed out the pain. This pain was so much worse... Worse than anything else.
"Greg text me that Sherlock broke yours and I knew that it was dangerous for you to not have one right now. I will only say this once: I am sorry if I upset you but I am trying to look out for you two. I care deeply about my brother and just want what's best for him. Clearly that is you but not if you don't take care of yourself."
"Go into the bedroom and lock the door. Now." He ordered as he jumped onto his feet and grabbed another blanket off the couch to wrap himself up in. "Now, John, Go." He hissed in a whisper. John was bleary eyed and grunted, rolling up but he went from sleep to full alert potential-danger-is-afoot-awareness in thirty seconds.
Sherlock gave an almost squeal of delight as he sent the last message.
"He goes to the grocer?" John asked with a snort of laughter, the two of them dissolving into a fit of giggles for a few minutes. When they finally stopped laughing he looked a little more serious. "Well if he ever does decide he wants them you will definitely be the Godfather." John smiled, he felt a pang of sadness though at the thought of Victor leaving. He looked down. He'd gotten used to Victor being there and the casual touches that had helped him stay strong when Sherlock was distant because of brooding or a case. But it was selfish to want Victor to remain there, to stunt his personal growth. He smiled. "I'm really glad this happened for you, Vic. It's good to see you doing so well." He barely met Victor's eyes because every time he did he wanted to cuddle him. His mind flashing back to a month ago when Sherlock had abandoned John to follow a clue and John had gotten caught in the rain on the way home. John had been miserable, cursing about how he was going to catch a cold as he trudged home. He'd arrived back at Baker Street utterly soaked to the bone only to find that Victor had seen him coming down the street and found clean clothes, a towel, a large fluffy blanket, and put tea on. Victor met him on the stairs and wrapped him immediately in the towel, forcing him into the bathroom to change and setting up a blanket nest on the couch in which the two of them had cuddled together - on the pretense of keeping John warm - until they'd heard Sherlock on the stairs. He blushed slightly, feeling ashamed. "What should we do until he gets back? Do you want to go out a celebrate or something?"
"Oh shut up," Greg told John with a laugh before looking back to Mycroft, but he was blushing just slightly. "Could we really go? I'd love to. It'd be one of the most romantic things you have ever done." He said with bright smile and a sort of awe in his voice.
"Your antics aside Sherlock, giving Victor money is not a good idea. Why did you do it?" He paused and his mouth thinned into that damn condescending sneer. "Consequently John, where are the other drugs?" John grunted and slowly moved up the stairs to retrieve them, his mind still in a haze. While he was out of the room Mycroft spoke softly to Sherlock. "Sherlock, you are putting him in danger! Are you aware of that?"
Sherlock was so focused on the case file he didn't notice Hamish until he almost tripped over him in his pacing track. Hamish rubbed his sleepy eyes and Sherlock was forced to smile because he'd somehow found one of John's button downs and slipped it on. It dragged slightly on the ground and the sleeves were far too long. He held his arms out asking Sherlock to hold him. Sherlock hesitated a moment as he normally did not try to hold Hamish when he was in case mode but the little boy looked so desperate for the affection he could not deny him. He swept him up in his arms and looked down at his face.
"Sorry, Sir." Victor sighed.
"I don't know about being beautiful, Sherlock... I'm just... Me." He shrugged a bit. "And I'm not afraid of showing that side to you, you're the only one I could ever show it to." He whispered softly, his eyes positively drinking in every movement Sherlock made. "I love you, God I do." He whispered, his hand finding its way back into Sherlock's hair. "I wish I had told you that sooner, but I was too afraid..." He blushed. "I told you that shower was pointless." He chuckled softly, pulling Sherlock back for another kiss. Using the time their lips touched to purely worship Sherlock with his kisses, gently nipping and licking at those slightly swollen lips attached to that bloody brilliant mouth.
John and Victor has become closer in the last few months and haven't known that Sherlock has been baiting them. When he finally gets what he wants will it prove to be more than he was ready for?
"This is all I've got. Sherlock doesn't let me keep much in the house - which is probably a good thing. He'd poison it or something and I wouldn't be able to taste it." He tossed it to Victor. "That's the strongest we've got. I can go get more tomorrow if you two are okay enough to be left alone for a bit." John paused as he had a slight coughing fit, ending up bracing himself against the wall. Victor felt concern well up in his chest and made a motion to ask if he needed help, but he shook his head no. "But I can tell you it won't work. The only thing that works is that insanely annoying thing called talking about it."
He then decided that he should text Lestrade before he silenced his phone.
"I never said I wanted to play with
"Well, that's lovely." John sighed but he couldn't do anything but laugh. It took a good five minutes for him to stop. "Figures I would go and get sick now." He let his hand reach up and cradle Sherlock's cheek. "I'll be alright but we will have to keep a careful eye on you. Your immune system is down. I've got some medicine in the bathroom I can take if I get to feeling any worse." He sighed. "I guess we know why you felt like I was on fire yesterday morning." While John was laughing Sherlock stared down at him with a puzzled expression. Maybe the fever was causing him to hallucinate? Sherlock wasn't sure because he couldn't see why John would be laughing. Having the flu wasn't funny at all. Especially having it now.
"You haven't taken your medicine yet this morning. Why don't you go rest for a bit? Mycroft and I have to go out and do some Christmas shopping for Marius and get a few things for Mrs. Hudson and the like. You can rest and Greg can play with the boys. Then you all can go out later for a walk?" He offered softly, holding him close. "We'll go on holiday as soon as we're able."
to Sherlock - what it was that made Sherlock so careful in their interactions. He wanted to see the unbridled truth contained within the cold, calculating mind that dazzled and delighted him. To see the only man he'd never seen falter give in to that side of himself that would only ever be wild and uncontrolled. "Please," He barely breathed. Sherlock simply couldn't take anymore, hearing John begging like that broke him. He threw the riding crop aside and pushed John onto the bed until his chest was on the bed, his ass in the air.
"What?" John asked with confusion and he heard Hamish mumble something about 'taking care of Daddy because he was sick' before Sherlock easily lifted him into his arms and carried him into the bedroom. "What on earth? We can't just leave him in there alone." But John quickly realized he didn't have anything to worry about. There was a slight noise of a chair being drug over and Sherlock easily pictured what he son was doing in the kitchen, a small smile on his face.
“It terrifies me when you get hurt because I can't imagine a day in this world without you. You're my anchor. You keep me grounded and rooted." Sherlock was whispering, blushing slightly. He still wasn't used to the amount of sentiment that John inspired in him. "I'm okay..." He promised, his nails digging lightly into John's chest. "I just need you to be okay too. No more lying to me about your feelings."
"No gun." Sherlock answered simply their mouths almost touching. Victor smiled, so it was true.
"We'll discuss the dog situation at home." The detective said curtly. "Thank you two for watching him."
"Looks like Mycroft should have expected that happy announcement a little later." Sherlock said and the moment he heard John giggle he let out a laugh as well, unable to stop himself.
"I'm sowwy." Hamish said softly, his eyes going wide and tears filling them as he saw Marius' face. "Dat was bad." He started to cry. Mycroft pulled both the boys in his arms, sighing softly as they clung to him.
"It won't happen again, I swear, John. I'm sorry it happened in the first place." He rubbed John's back as he sobbed and shook. He started to hum when John finally fell silent. Trying to soothe him in the few simple ways he knew how. "I love you, John. Don't forget that, okay? Even if I don't remember you, it's you I love." He promised, murmuring it over and over until John finally responded.
"Look, because I give a shit about you and I know how fucking insane your withdrawals can be... I'll even give you this for free." He handed the bag to Sherlock who took it without thinking. "See, you are scared. You're terrified. I understand. Just be careful, Love." He pecked his lips before he started to walk down the stairs. Sherlock gripped the bag hard in his hands, shaking slightly as he just watched Victor move.
"Get it away from me." Sherlock begged as he dropped the brown bag to the floor. "Get it away. Get it far away." He pleaded desperately as he went back into the fort and curled himself in a ball as he started to shake. "Throw them away. Take them some place I can't find them. I don't need them around me,
"Yeah I know. Instead it will make me feel like I'm relying on two men who don't really want me here and who feel obligated to take care of me." Victor snapped from behind the door. He was lying on the bed, grunting. He had tried to make it to the bathroom  but he had almost collapsed on the way up, so instead he'd deposited himself on the impossibly clean bed. "Fuck it would be easier if I just left and started using. I'm already too far gone as it is." He was almost in tears now but he would never admit to being upset. "It was a mistake to come here. I only came because I thought Sherlock really wanted to help me but he hates me just as much as he always has."
"You've wanted this too, haven't you?" He whispered into Sherlock's ear. "That's why you left us alone, so you could punish us when you caught us doing exactly what you wanted us to. Isn't it?" He let go of Sherlock's hair, watching the two of them closely.
"Don't you dare do that at the table." Sherlock snapped suddenly, shaking his head. Greg went slightly red and chuckled.
"John, what is going on?" He demanded and John started slightly.
"The world has gone mad..." Sherlock whispered softly, but held John close.
"Don't stop on my account, you two," He said with that familiar pout that he would never admit was pout. He helped a giggling Victor up before looking to John.  John expected some sort of anger or jealousy but instead he was met with the annoyed look he got when Sherlock realized John had not kept up with him on a lead. "When did you come here? I asked you an hour ago to give me your wallet." When John explained he had been here for at least two hours. Sherlock raised his eye brows and pulled the wallet out his pocket. "Well, I guess I just mugged someone by accident then." He muttered. "I must have scared them to death when I demanded that they give me their wallet." He chuckled. John giggled but was very, very red. He looked up at Sherlock before standing. He walked over and slowly pulled Sherlock's coat off his shoulders, checking him over as he did.
" I love you too," Greg whispered so quietly it not have even been heard. When his partner turned a shade of red, he chuckled and mumbled an apology before turning back to his food. John and Sherlock both watched them transfixed as Mycroft cleared his throat and looked back down at his food.
"I don't have to fucking tell you anything, John!" Sherlock shouted right back at him. He was totally enraged by the language John was using. He pushed John away, making him stumble, as he himself stood on shaking legs. He had to leave. He
When the sounds of John helping Sherlock cope with his believed failure reach the two other adult Holmes in the living room Greg ends up tormenting Mycroft - only to discover Mycroft is not as innocent as he purports to be.
"No." He said simply, shaking his head. "Not after all this time. He's moved on by now." Sherlock closed his eyes, shaking his head. "I mean it makes no sense. Why would he love me after all this time? I hurt him when I left him. He should hate me." John had to fight not to smirk as Sherlock reasoned it out, aloud.
"Don't worry, Daddy. You won't always be sad." Marius promised with a yawn.
"Jack Frost!" Hamish said in an excited whisper, giggling. Sherlock removed his hand dramatically. Sherlock leaned back slightly and easily slipped off his shoe, slipping his socked foot under John's trouser leg and playing with the edge of John's sock. Sliding it up and down against his leg. His face was normal, relaxed, and blank except for his eyes which betrayed his amusement as he tormented his husband. "Wow!" Hamish giggled and clapped. "Daddy that's cool!"
"I think we need to punish him." John smirked.
"Earthquake!" He giggled loudly.
"No, I will. You're part of me. I will say you said Merry Christmas, your my husband now and I know they don't approve, but I don't care. I'm not ashamed of who we are."
"Now what?" Victor asked.
"I can take a warm shower first if that would make you happier. But the water temperature doesn't get to me. When I was in Afghanistan it was take what you could get." He smiled but tensed slightly. "So I can handle it. I will need to retrieve some clothes and my shampoo though." He grinned and sat Sherlock down on the edge of the tub. "Will you be alright for a minute?"
gotten the Holmes brother's to be... Friendly?"
I am so sorry for the delay in getting this chapter out to you guys. It required a lot of editing as the roleplay format when we are each playing so many characters is easy, but putting it in story form where it flows nicely is rather a challenge! I also worked harder on the editing as I wanted to improve the typos and language a bit, so hopefully this will show improvement over the previous chapters! ~Holly
"Victor, he turned to you when he couldn't deal with me. I think that's a pretty clear sign of how important you are to him. He trusts you completely and that is something I have only ever seen him do with me. He's fought against Mycroft to even get to this moment here. To get you to be able to come here and into our care without someone breathing down your neck. As sick as he is, he is desperate to see you get well. He doesn't know what he's doing with feelings and trying to be sentimental and caring. Those aren't his things but he's doing the best he can by offering you money so you can survive. And now a safe place to get clean and sober. A place where you don't have nurses breathing down your neck every five minutes and you have friends to sit with you when the world is spinning and your stomach is going to give way." John sighed softly, but not as frustration, in a sort of '
"That's not uncommon in drug addicts though. You can't always pay with cash so you pay with your body." He said it mechanically, because it was a fact. "Thank you for telling me Sherlock," He whispered, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's cheek. "It much have been very hard for you to have hanging over yourself when you were at the worst." Sherlock slowly opened his eyes, one at a time and found himself even more confused by the look of soft acceptance on John's face.
"Mummy." When Sally came and told him that the boy's father was in the bedroom already dead he sighed.
"Mycroft is going to lecture us to death." He sighed as he finished the stitches and pulled out an alcohol wipe to clean the surface of the wound. "This is going to hurt." He whispered, trying to prepare his lover. John nodded knowing full well how much alcohol burned. He bit his lip and gripped the car door handle.
"Close your mouth dear, you'll catch flies." Alex teased, closing Victor's mouth by lifting his chin and smiling fondly at him. "I'm just as shocked as you are but I suggest we pretend as if it's all normal because if we cause too much attention to their wonderful behavior they could start acting like their old brooding selves." He gave him a quick kiss, giggling and choosing to ignore Sherlock's sudden hissed 'Get out.'
Sherlock gave a sigh, now just feeling frustrated as he hit the bed with his fist once.
"Better," Was all Sherlock could manage as he turned his head to look at Victor who was trying his best to swallow the toast. Sherlock could see on his face that he didn't want to do any of this. He was only doing this for him, a thought that was both comforting and worrying. "Victor, thank you for coming here." He muttered and Victor laughed darkly.
"Your pupils are all wrong, your movements are slowed like you're moving through something thick instead of air, your words and reactions are slowed." John spat the words out like venom, ticking off each assessment as if it was some sort of hateful list. "Fuck Mycroft." He growled.  "And you know what? Fuck you," He spat viciously. He felt like he was going to snap. How the
"Wow... Erm, thanks." John said softly and he closed his eyes sighing. "I know you mean well Mycroft but you have to give him a chance. If he doesn't fall he won't learn what happens." John wordlessly sank into a chair when Mycroft gestured and Mycroft set about making tea.
"I love you too." Sherlock whispered, feeling that the words were too inadequate in the face of this moment. Wishing he knew a better way to properly show John Watson just how much he meant to him.
"Oh... Thank you Mycroft, that was very... Erm thoughtful." John smiled but he was feeling very tired. "Greg, thank you for doing so much work, I'm sorry I couldn't help. And thank you love." John smiled and leaned his head against Sherlock's. Sherlock smiled despite how sick John sounded, it still meant the same thing to him. John's forehead was warm, Sherlock furrowed his brow with worry which neither Mycroft nor Greg missed.
"Marius," Mycroft said softly, kneeling down slightly. "Hamish comes to visit our house all the time and I'm sure your Uncles will let you come here. And maybe if your Uncles don't mind Hamish can come and stay with us for a few days so you don't have to sleep alone in your room."
"One of? He's romantic often?" Sherlock asked without thinking, it sounded a tad rude but he was honestly just curious. John almost chuckled. "My Brother, Mr. 'caring isn't an advantage,' is romantic?" Greg looked at him as if that was a very stupid question to ask.
"I loved this," he began and they all knew there was a 'but' coming after that, "But... I don't think it'd be wise if we ever did it again." John raised an eyebrow and looked squarely at Sherlock. It was clear he expected an explanation to follow.
please
"I... It was too much... You didn't..." His voice was scratchy and dry making it hard for him to speak. "I couldn't sleep... I couldn't be in there." He whispered. He coughed again, his entire body racked by the sound of it. Sherlock was tense and concerned, John was shaking and absolutely ill. "Are you okay?" He asked quietly, trying to push himself to be strong again. He tried to stand and swayed before falling.
"You don't have to be sorry, John." Sherlock whispered taking John into his arms and kissing his temple. "You're safe now, you know that? Everything is fine. Sometimes they're isn't a good reason for having a panic attack. " Sherlock felt the top of his head and saw that he was beginning to get a fever. "Want me to go get a cold wash cloth? Your face and neck are starting to feel pretty warm." "Don't worry, I will be okay." John said softly and stood, pacing a bit. "I'm scared." He laughed. "I'm scared of losing you." He needed to move but he kept putting his hand on Sherlock as he passed. "Scared I will wake up and find this has all been a dream. That..." It hit him hard and he grunted.
"Yes my love?" Sherlock knelt down so he was at the boys' level.
"You should be taking care of yourself, John." He snapped as a reply trying to get the conversation off himself. "I know how Sherlock can make you forget to do things like, that but you sound like you are on the verge of having something much worse than the flu." He curled up on the couch, listening to the music, and wishing he could go back to those simple moments when Sherlock was first introducing him to it.
"Because when people love each other it's just what they like to do." Marius considered this for a moment.
"No... I just heard your tones. I didn't want to move because you were so afraid.." John's voice caught, revealing just how much Sherlock's fear had affected him. "But I could tell from the tone there was some bond there."
"Then I will just have to work harder." John whispered and kissed down over Sherlock's jaw and onto his neck. He heard his phone chime in the other room, knowing it was Mycroft or Lestrade but he didn't move instead he focused his attention twice as intently. His hands now running over Sherlock's arms and chest over his shirt as he suckled on that gorgeous neck. "Talk out loud, Sherlock. Tell me what you experience." He whispered, his fingers finding their way under his shirt. Sherlock sucked in a breath, he had never been touched like this. Not once in his life and it was exciting and utterly terrifying.
"Thanks for the offer, Sherly, but you're just as fucked up as I am right now. You'd probably vomit on my clothes." Sherlock gave a groan.
"Oh my God!" John shouted as he shook and groaned, wrapping one arm backwards around Sherlock's neck, pumping his hips back into Sherlock and forward into Victor a few times. "It's fucking incredible. It feels so good. It's like I'm connecting you two. I don't know where any of us end or begin. Christ..." He let go of Sherlock because he couldn't reach him to kiss him and he desperately needed to kiss someone. So he leaned down and attacked Victor, kissing him furiously as his hips started moving between them on their own. Desperate for more. His face was red with lust and he was moaning and growling, completely lost in how the two of them were making him feel. "Fuck me harder Sherlock. Fuck me so hard you are fucking Victor through me." He whimpered. Sherlock couldn't even find a reply. The genius was no longer capable of speaking. All he could do was moan and growl. He sounded like ana animal but he didn't care. This was the most exotic thing he had ever done and the noises coming out of John were like instant lust in his veins. He gripped John's hips tighter, his nails digging into the skin that they would leave bruises as he slammed into John.
Hello dear readers! This is the second fic by CayCullen and I. When we started out writing it, we expected it to be a short and sweet little one shot. Instead it blossomed into a full length fic of it's own.
"W-What happened, John?" He asked quietly. His voice breaking as he sank down on the landing beside him. "Why are you out here? You look so sick, John. What happened?" He asked terrified. His pain didn't matter anymore, it was only John that mattered. He cupped his cheeks staring into his eyes. "What's wrong? You've been crying. Oh you've been out here for hours! You're freezing! What's wrong, love?" John reached out, almost shyly to touch Sherlock's face. The motion took all the energy he had and he almost collapsed as Sherlock grabbed his hands. They were like ice and he was shivering from head to toe with cold and exhaustion.
"Yes... It does. It only didn't earlier because I was upset..." John smiled against Sherlock's lips, he was still thankful that he had this power over his husband. His mind could get so carried away and sometimes he just needed to stop thinking.
"Oh for the last time, I am not brooding." He sighed impatiently. "I am trying to finish this stupid case so that perhaps everyone can go back to their normal lives for once." He ran a hand through his hair, and though he was trying to keep up the front of being grumpy, the edges of his eyes and mouth betrayed that he was really just fighting the same guilt and sorrow from earlier. "I didn't mean to upset you John. You don't have to keep up with me. You're ill and supposed to be resting." He sighed and closed his eyes. "I got Hamish the violin and a chemistry set. I also got an entire bag of clothes for Marius on the way home. Mycroft had Anthea buy Marius some presents and he also got Hamish a mountain of things, which looks like his entire Christmas list and then some. So promise me tomorrow you will rest so we can get this migraine over with." He begged angrily.
"I love you!" John grunted and his body tensed, wanting so badly to release but he fought it, waiting to follow Sherlock over the edge. "God, give it to me!" He clawed into Sherlock's hip with one hand, the other clutching him closer for an almost violently passionate kiss. The moment Sherlock tumbled over the edge John went with him shouting Sherlock's name into his mouth but not breaking the kiss. His body tensing from the tips of his fingers to the tips of his toes before going utterly limp as wave after wave of release shot through his body. Sherlock collapsed on top of John with a loud moan. He couldn't possibly understand anything in this moment, though his mind was instantly trying to pull its beleaguered self out of the pleasure filled blissful state it was in to examine how his lover had enjoyed their experiment. He had never in his life experienced so much pleasure so often. He relaxed his grip on John only so he could wrap his arms around him in a proper in embrace.
"He's happy," Greg whispered once he heard the children giggling.
"I'm the idiot?!" John yelled and it took all he had not to punch Sherlock in the face. "Why in the
"I'm sorry I scared you," Sherlock whispered wishing he had handled the situation a bit more calmly. He couldn't stop himself from feeling terrified of him though. Victor knew how to manipulate him. He carried a gun around with him and Sherlock felt he had a good reason to be afraid. "And our bond wasn't that deep. I mean...I cared about him but I didn't love him."
"Are you sure you're ready for this, John?" He purred as he grabbed the lube and poured some onto his fingers. "You've never done anything like this before." He pointed out with a chuckle as he started to press his fingers into John.
Mycroft tensed his mouth and hummed in displeasure. He dried himself off and pulled his pajama's back on, before forcing Greg up and drying him off. He was limp in his arms, already mostly asleep. Mycroft disliked physical labor but as his husband was seemingly unable to carry himself, Mycroft hoisted him up as best he could and managed to carry him down to the living room. He quickly scanned the bed to ensure no little ones had clamored into it while they were gone and set Greg down. He managed to get him under the covers and then moved to ensure the boys were both still sleeping. He kissed both of them on the forehead before ensuring that there were no wakeful noises coming from Sherlock's room and returning to bed. 221B Baker Street was eerily quiet and for the moment a sense of peace had settled between the six Holmes men inside it. Something that happened far too infrequently.
"Yeah, finally finished them a few days ago." Alex said with a smile. "We're getting married in March."  He said, leaning over to kiss Victor's cheek. "We actually could get married in January but it will be a bit warmer in March so we figured that was a better time." He added, suddenly feeling as if the silence had become somewhat awkward. John finally finished eating and he placed a hand on Sherlock's leg, rubbing it gently as he smiled at Victor and Alex.
"Now, read it. I wrote this a few days after you shot that cabbie for me-" He sighed and tried to say the right words. "You're not being childish, John. You feel ordinary and unwanted. I made you feel that way because I ignored you, but you're not. Read this file so you know that I never thought you were and  never will be." He ordered. John slowly sat up to look at the file, taking the well guarded laptop easily in his hands.
"I can't believe you two used to be so... Close." Greg said, his surprise clear though he spoke with a chuckle. "For as long as I've known the both you, you've acted like you could never get along. Yet here the both of you are acting like you are best friends and with the joy of being children again."
"You're going to tease me
"Oh God, I will break the damn thing to pieces for making me walk away from
me here. This is the first time I've had your attention in almost eight minutes." John whispered and continued his work. "Brood all you want, Sherlock. I'm your doctor, your partner, and your lover - I'm going to take care of you the best way I know how. You've been dangerous before, hell you attacked me... But we both know I can hold my own." He kept up his work, smoothing over the muscles with expert care. "You need me and I won't leave you when you need me the most." Eight minutes? That wasn't too bad. He knew they both were used to the times when his mind would get so stuck that nothing could get attention for three days. Eight minutes was almost nothing in comparison. He leaned into John's touch trying again to keep his mind here with John. He wanted to stay with John. Victor wasn't important. John was.
"Go. I paid you. Now go." Sherlock snapped and Victor eyed him curiously.
Sherlock watched John with a concerned frown, he wished he could do something to make him feel better but he was just as sick as John was. All he could do was lay a hand on his chest and rub it in soothing circles.
"Dressed?" John grinned. He dried off and hung the towel up. "Didn't you say something about rebuilding our fort? I don't remember taking it down, I wonder if Mrs. Hudson did." John mumbled, fishing around for his clothes.
"Did you two used to make breakfast on Christmas Eve morning?" He asked curiously.
"I love you." He whispered, a few tears of his own falling. "I don't know how I got to win your heart but I am glad I did. And I'll keep that in mind but for now I just want you." He closed his eyes enjoying the comfort of the embrace. Was this really happening? We're they really engaged now? Christ it had all happened so fast. Almost by accident. It was like the moment they met all over again. Didn't even know each other properly and they moved in together. John shot a man to save his life within only a few days of knowing him. They had always done things like this. Extremely fast.
"You have to promise to tell me when you get lonely." He said softly, his eyes still focused on John. "I..." He sighed and his jaw tightened again. "I know you told me you never wanted me to change but you have compromised over and over again for our relationship and I have remained the same. It's not logical that you should be a doormat and I should just abuse you like that. So from now on I want you to tell me when you need me to stop and I'll try." He smiled a bit as the fear that had wrapped around his heart loosened some. "You deserve the world and then some. I want to give it to you." He bit his lip a little nervously, realizing he shifted from one extreme to the other so quickly. He looked down, his eyes staring at their hands together.
John checked over the groceries Greg had put away earlier, trying to force his flu addled brain into some semblance of focus. He knew he owed a lot to the detective and that dealing with the love of a Holmes couldn't be easy. So he decided that while he still felt strong enough he was going to cook something for them to eat for lunch too. Most likely Greg had taken a long lunch just to come over and help the two of them out of another mess, it was the least he could do. He fixed the table easily and then set the kettle to boil. He was digging through the pantry when he heard a door close, he leaned up from digging in the cupboard a packet of something between his teeth and a package of rice in his hands.
"What's happened?"  Greg asked quickly as he dropped down in the seat beside John, he noted that Mycroft's face was also tight with worry. "What's happened to Sherlock?" He asked John just as much as he asked Mycroft but John stayed silent and tight with emotion.
"Let me go, John." He hissed angrily. It felt like he was in a straight jacket. "I am not going to tell you a damn thing unless you fucking let me go, you ridiculous idiot!" He shouted. Sherlock knew he was speaking without thinking, spewing hateful, hurtful words he would regret later. But that was what the drugs did to him, they made him stop thinking. "I took heroin. There I told you, now let me go!" He commanded as he struggled in John's arms. He knew at once that it was not the right thing to have done, John tensed so tightly that Sherlock swore he heard something inside the man snap.
"I always wondered what you were doing when you starting acting like that." John giggled, grinning. "Shoving me into the wall or into a police car, pressing up against me so your erection pressed into my rear or my leg... Just generally causing trouble. I wasn't sure what you were doing especially because you had everyone rather convinced you don't do sentiment or physicality. I really should have put you over my knee." He kissed him, shoving their mouths together. "You are trouble."
"But Papa it's late." Marius said with a pout not understanding why Greg would be so tired, after all he and Hamish had gone to bed fairly early. "'Mish says it almost lunch time." He pouted and Mycroft couldn't stop the soft chuckle that escaped him. It was nowhere near lunch time but these two adorable boys felt like ages had passed. "'Sides, me and 'Mish are hungy." He crossed his arms, still pouting. Mycroft could see that Marius was still tired and that it was making him a bit grumpy. Which supported Mycroft's suspicion that his nephew was like his father and had woken early, woken Marius, and Marius was too stubborn to go back to sleep.
Sherlock didn't respond instead handing John his phone, he'd already text Mrs. Hudson about it earlier and she had replied that one dog would be okay. He then handed him the receipt from his pocket where he'd gone to an animal shelter and picked out a younger adult dog. He leaned forward, putting his hands under his chin, still very much in thought.
"This is your ship, if you step off the bed you're in the water and you could possibly not make it back to the ship in time." He said firmly.
"Yes, please show me a good time." Victor said as he moved closer to them, he brought his lips to the other side of John's neck and kissed a bit softer than Sherlock was.  John groaned and almost melted between them, clutching at them both. He whimpered and moaned, clawing at whatever part of them the two of them he could reach.
"How do you two do it?" Sherlock asked gently, turning to face his brother more fully.
"Normal is boring. The four of us don't do normal. You two would rot and Greg and I wouldn't have anyone interesting to be romantically involved with. Speaking of you and Greg how long have you two been an item?" John asked casually, softening the conversation. "I'm kind of surprised you didn't tell me Greg. Least of all to cushion Sherlock's reaction." John put his hand on Sherlock's leg in a rather innocent way, knowing that the touch would soothe both of them. Once the conversation became a tad friendlier Sherlock relaxed sipping on his wine comforted by John's hand on his leg. Greg smiled at John's question, reaching over to place a hand on Mycroft's knee because he knew the elder Holmes wouldn't be as comfortable with taking his hand in public.
"I'm sorry that something involving me drove you to drugs. That I didn't figure out sooner..." He was stumbling and he stopped, his emotion threatening to overwhelm him. Instead he focused on explaining what he was feeling. What Sherlock was doing to him. "It feels like tiny electric sparks run through me when you touch me. I hope you enjoy it half as much as I do." He pushed his fingers through Sherlock's hair again, keeping him focused on the sensations of the positive things.
Mycroft and Sherlock dug through the pantry and the groceries Mycroft had delivered the day before to find what they needed. Both of them easily sinking into stride next to each other in a way that made the boys look on with wide eyes and happy gazes as the two men began making breakfast for everyone. They talked and laughed with the boys, teased each other, and generally forgot that they normally were ready to rip out the others throat as they seemingly turned back the clocks of their minds to some Christmas past. To some point when they were younger and still enjoyed being together on the holidays. They were so ingrained in their tasks that they didn't notice they had an audience as they worked, John and Greg standing just outside the kitchen in the living room watching with awe as the two brothers chuckled away and answered the million questions the little boys peppered at them. Greg and John enjoyed almost an hour of uninterrupted observing before Marius could no longer stand it.
"I'll help you, John." Greg said and stood to follow the doctor.
"Mrs. Hudson, come have breakfast with us." Sherlock pointed to an empty chair for her. "There is plenty." He smiled warmly at her.
"I..." Everything dissolved into the one inescapable feeling he was fighting, fear. He was absolutely terrified that Sherlock was going to give up on him. That he was going to lose him. That he, John Watson, simply wasn't enough for him. He reached up and grabbed Sherlock's hands tightly, so tightly his knuckles started to go white, because he couldn't force the words out. He turned to look at Sherlock and searched his eyes. "Why me?" He asked in barely a whisper but his body slowly relaxed some. Sherlock wasn't expecting this. He was honestly hoping John would relax, lie back down and just realize that he loved him. Why did there need to be a reason. Despite his hands being gripped so tightly, he managed to stroke a thumb over the top of John's hand as he gazed into his eyes.
"Evil Island King? Dat's Papa." Marius giggled but he crawled to the edge of the bed and held onto the bed frame. "May we peas pass? We wanna go... 'Mish where do we wanna go?" He giggled looking over at his cousin.
"Then you've never talked about sex with him. He'll make excuses to get out of talking about it." He whispered with a grin.
"Marius, why don't you got see what your Daddy is doing?" Alex suggested putting Marius down. The little boy pouted but nodded and ran off to find Greg in the kitchen.
"Virgin maybe, innocent never." He laughed but then moaned softly as Sherlock's fingers ran through his hair. His eyes fluttered closed and he tightened his fingers against Sherlock's chest. "God that sends shivers down my spine." His voice was breathless, completely caught in the feeling. "You..." His face was still red but he couldn't stop his reactions. "You never seemed interested in having someone do anything to you. You seem more like..." He blushed again, licking his lip softly. "Like the one to want to be dominant, not dominated." Yep... Just like that he'd given himself away, proved that he'd had more than one night of imagining the aloof emotionless detective in compromising positions.
"I am well aware of what I need to do to take care of myself." John said softly, though there was a bit more of the 'doctor' than the 'man' behind the tone. "I am taking medication and doing what I need to. I don't need constant supervision, you two do." He sighed, Victor didn't respond so John looked towards the bedroom. He should probably check on Sherlock. "I'll be back." He sighed and he moved into the bedroom. He moved softly to the side of the bed trying to check on Sherlock without waking him. He wavered slightly, his legs wanted to drop out from under him but he buried the weakness deep down. One of the three of them had to act like a functioning adult and right now it was clearly going to have to be him. It was like having two teenagers in the flat with the two of them. "Love, are you awake?" He asked gently, barely placing a hand on his arm. Sherlock hadn't been but he woke at the sound of his lover's soft voice.
John being so submissive. He had no idea this sort of behavior was concealed inside this military man. A man whose nerves were almost stronger than his own. It was doing horrible things to his ego again, so he let it embolden him to proceed.
"You'll have to discuss that with John. I'm not allowed to touch them save for eating... Well not since that experiment. Do you know we sometimes still find pieces in the wall?" Sherlock said it conversationally but grinned knowing it would miff John. John didn't show his reaction on his face but Sherlock laughed all the same.
Also a few other notes -
"Ah," Victor hummed a knowing smile on his lips. He understood that feeling completely. "That's what being in love with him does to you. I feel the same way. That's why I offered to sleep with the both of you." He was sure Sherlock had told him about the offer and his lack of response seemed to indicate that was true. Sherlock trusted him and he was starting to trust him as well. "I was just... Trying to give him what I thought he wanted but apparently he doesn't even find me attractive anymore." Victor opened the flask and sighed, "You got me talking about it." He took a sip and closed it again. "Damn you." Victor smirked slightly as he and John met each other's gaze.
"Why do you do it? What do the drugs give you?" He asked softly before his heart got the better of him, "And do you even want to try?" There was a sort of hopefulness in John's words, like the desire to want to meant more than whether or not he was able to. He didn't let the hope fill his chest, because inside he was convinced this was it. The man he desperately loved and needed more than anything in this world was going to turn his back on him for chemicals. Sherlock, subconsciously leaned into John's touch. He needed the comfort. No one had been willing to show him comfort when he was like this, but John was. After everything he’d done, the lies, the betrayal, everything John was still here, still willing to comfort and support him. So willing to take another blow just to stay close to him. He kept his eyes closed, not wanting to start crying as well. He could stay strong. He had to.
him. "That's it love." John whispered softly, startling him back out of his momentary thoughts. He finished washing Sherlock and then quickly washed himself. He shut the water off and stepped out of the shower grabbing Sherlock's towel and gently drying him off. "Are you more comfortable naked?" He asked him quietly as he dried himself off quickly. "Or do you want your robe?"
"True but that is because you're the officer who arrested him." Sherlock pointed out with a faint smile.
"I don't mean it like that. John is very adaptable. If Sherlock requires his constant attention that's what he gets, without respect to himself. Sherlock doesn't want to injure or hurt John. He is simply impulsive." Mycroft put his fingers in front of his chin and sat forward on the couch, contemplating what would be best to do.
"No, I don't but I want to feel my husband. Can't I be allowed to do that, Monsieur?" He purred and that was the only French he knew. He smirked happy he at least knew that. "I just want to hold you closer, Monsieur." He said, faking his innocence by batting his eyes.
"Yes." Greg said, his cheeks red with embarrassment. He was breathless and very close to crossing a moral boundary if they did not stop this discussion soon. "Yes, I really do. I want you to give me orders in languages I don't understand and when I don't follow those orders I want you to punish me." He leaned closer again, desperate for one more heated kiss.
"Careful, Greg. My Brother has been bossing people around since he could talk." Sherlock bit his lip the moment the words left his mouth.
"I'll go fetch them." John said as he sat Hamish down on the floor promising him he'd be right back.
"Come on." Sherlock said softly and scooped Hamish out of bed. "I will make you breakfast. Let's let Daddy sleep more." In the living room Mycroft said almost the exact same thing to Marius as he stood and scooped Marius out of the bed.  Sherlock kissed John gently and strode out of the room, closing the door behind him so the weary doctor could continue his rest. Mycroft smiled as he saw him and the two convened on the kitchen, settling the boys on the counter so they could watch.
ever thought about quitting, Victor?" He asked and Victor scoffed as he stood on the last step to glance over his shoulder at Sherlock.
"Nothing like that. We need help but we also need freedom." John snapped, ignoring the comment about the panic attack. But the thought wormed its' way into his mind and he felt himself sink back into his body and it was true. He had been having a panic attack but his mind and body had been split on it until just now. He trembled a bit harder and tried to hide it as he reached for his tea.
Hope that makes sense without ruining anything!
him close. He kissed John's temple as they stepped out into the cold night, enjoying watching the way John's skin reacted to the chill. Sherlock looked around for a moment taking in the scenery as it had been a while since he was actually outside and in control of his own faculties. "I didn't know it was going to be this cold," He muttered as he wrapped his coat more firmly around himself, watching as John fixed his scarf and buttoned up his jacket.
"That... I don't like that. You should want to take care of yourself because that's what people are supposed to want to do." Sherlock argued sounding unsure and nervous. He had never dealt with something like this before. With Victor before drugs became a part of their relationship they did everything independently. Victor would take care of himself, Sherlock would take of himself, and occasionally they would get together and do normal couple things. "I.. John, I'm sorry if I seem like an idiot right now but I've never been an a situation like this before." He wasn't exactly sure how he got in the shower but now he was here, standing with John's arms around him.
"Can't behave like grownups for five minutes..." He muttered quietly to himself, not noticing the pair come into the living room.
"And if you ever want to be alone with John, just let me know." His fingers moved to play with the dog tags around his neck. He hardly ever took them off anymore. "Can we leave you alone here for just a moment, Victor?" Sherlock asked and Victor, knowing exactly what Sherlock wanted to do, grinned.
"Of course you can, you two go talk and me and Victor will stay here." Alex encouraged as he pulled Victor onto the couch and kissed him a little bit harder than before just to tease him. Ignoring the noise Sherlock made at them as he walked with John into the kitchen and pulled him into a tight hug.
"Fuck, John, please!" Victor begged and he wasn't even sure what he was asking for. He just wanted this teasing to end. He couldn't take it. He needed more. So much more and apparently these two were going to make him beg for it.
"The smell of Christmas trees and baking. Nanny Hudson does lots of Christmas baking!"
for children. John felt like every holiday was for children and one of his greatest joys in having Hamish was that he could finally show off his love of Christmas. "We'll have to find you a Father Christmas cap while we're out today 'Mish, so you can wear it." John smiled as he took Hamish's small gloved hand in his own and held it gently. Hamish sighed happily, leaning back against Sherlock. "Then we'll all take a picture together and put it on Daddy's blog so all the nice people can see how handsome you are." Sherlock tensed and gave off a very Mycroft-like look, sighing softly.
"Let's see where was I..." He purred against Sherlock's ear, one hand running up to Sherlock's knee and back down to his ankle. "Oh yes," He grinned and nipped at Sherlock's tender ear lobe again, groaning softly into it.
"We both know he'd be jealous if I took you out all by myself. He'd either murder us or destroy the restaurant in question." Victor said with a chuckle and he shook his head. "Maybe later though when we can all go. Besides he'll want to take you to dinner when he gets back... He's been planning it for a week. He has a surprise for you." Victor said with a wicked grin. He'd helped Sherlock pick out John's ring a few weeks ago and Sherlock had mentioned giving him his ring on this particular evening. "A very nice, very expensive surprise." He giggled.
"Papa I want to help!" Hamish said suddenly.
"Pretending can be fun though." Mycroft said softly. "When appropriate." He sank down beside Greg and Marius. Not responding to the incredulous look that Greg gave him.
"Thank you, Master..." John muttered, his breath hitching in his chest. He needed release but it quickly became clear to him that he was not going to get it this way. That his entire body was desperate for Sherlock's command. "No... No one has ever... Seen me like this.. Only you. Only for you!" He couldn't stop himself as he grunted and shifted his hips just slightly. He knew his arse was likely just as red as his face. His cock throbbing in his own hands as he stroked himself as he came undone again for Sherlock. "I can... Hear the need in your voice." He whimpered, panting for breath. "Please Sherlock," He begged. It was so dangerous to need this man, this much - but he was passed the point of caring.
." He whispered with a slight smirk.
Sadly Sherlock didn't make it through the night without an incident. The first time he woke up it was around four and what woke him was his aching stomach. He felt all sorts of wrong, was covered in sweat, and John's arms around him made him feel like he was on fire. He ran to the bathroom and vomited the contents of his stomach and of course this woke John as well. John was instantly at his side, helping him as he could. When they finally crawled back into bed again Sherlock collapsed to sleep due to the pain and exhaustion. He woke less than an hour later though due to a nightmare in which Victor had stabbed him repeatedly for being unable to pay him. To Sherlock's embarrassment John had shaken him from the dream and asked who Victor was, but Sherlock wasn't ready to talk about it. It was bad enough he was having nightmares, he was not about to confess to having one that was so
"Oh alright dear. Lord knows what he was doing..." She muttered before wandering out.
"Come on 'Mish, your gloves and scarves are down stairs." John reminded him as he lifted the boy back in his arms and walked down stairs. Sherlock chuckled slightly as he heard Hamish rattle off questions demanding why John carried him everywhere and for what reason he always needed to wear gloves. Sherlock met them at the base of the stairs with a smile, offering John the boys' gloves. "He certainly will never be bored with all the curious questions he asked." John handed Hamish to Sherlock and smiled as he watched the detective hug him tightly and press gentle kisses over his cheeks.
"Maybe if I can sleep for a bit I'll feel better, okay?  You don't have to sleep with me if you don't want to. You can go in the living room or turn on the telly if you want. Just keep the sound turned down." He kissed his cheek once more before drifting off. Hamish just nodded and snuggled into John, clinging to his shirt as he drifted off as well.
"What on earth happened to you?" He asked.
"I know you won't," Greg said with a laugh. "I'm just... Excited." He confessed, his cheeks flushing red. "I need to sleep." He mumbled, as if saying it out loud would allow him to ignore the fire coursing through his body. Mycroft was silent, continuing his machinations on Greg's arm, but Greg could feel the weight of the silence. Mycroft was waiting for something. "I need to sleep." He repeated with a giggle but then he had a wonderful idea. "Or... We can go shower now." He offered hopefully.
"Is that enough? Can we carry on now?" He asked, honestly not realizing how childish and stubborn he was being.
punishments." Alex chuckled.
"I always am, John." Sherlock said with a slight blush feeling a tad shy as John sounded so amazed. "I can't really stop myself from doing it." He confessed as he set the half eaten plate down. He leaned into John's touch and kissed his cheek once. "It's a reflex." He explained simply.
"I just... I miss you." John whispered, looking down. "I shouldn't and I try not to but I do. It's just not the same anymore and..." He tensed.
"I am not sure that won't set the guards on you but I will think of something to tell them so they don't rush here." He whispered softly. It felt wrong, his gut told him not to do it but he had to try to trust Sherlock. He had to try to show him that he wouldn't coddle him like the others. "I can go down to the cafe or something..." It bothered him that Sherlock wouldn't tell him what was going on, he felt a gnawing ache in his stomach that Sherlock was putting himself in danger but he desperately needed him to stop looking so afraid. He tightened his arms around the detective pressing their bodies together. "I'll figure it out, it'll be okay." He murmured. "Just... Tell me you will be safe. I... I can't lose you..." His voice shook but he didn't care. Sherlock felt relief seep through his body as John spoke.
did it break?" Sherlock looked over at Greg and smiled.
"No, I don't mind at all. He really doesn't have anyone besides Victor to talk to if he needs to talk about you, I understand." He said sincerely. "But Victor didn't want to tell me anything he was thinking at first, I kept begging for him to and finally he just told me I needed to let him get comfortable enough that he could speak up for himself. So I stopped bugging him about it and then one day he finally opened up to me."
"Thanks for the therapy session, Doctor Watson. But I'm really not in the mood to hear it." He said the words sharply, forcing his emotion from his voice - but John could hear how the tone had softened. He left the bedroom locking himself away in the bathroom and immediately turning on the shower. John sighed and heaved himself up out of the bed, taking a moment to recover himself before heading back down the stairs. John knew that feeling, he knew that pain. He also knew, with a stab of guilt, that Victor might not ever get to feel the counterbalance. The joy of Sherlock's adoration, in the way Victor wanted to. When John finally made it all the way downstairs it was to find Sherlock was half asleep. He snapped awake once he heard John's footsteps on the living room floor.
"Then just tell me and you two can be alone. I don't mind." He kissed Sherlock's nose which caused his cheeks to flush.
Meanwhile back at Baker Street Mycroft had been keeping careful guard of the two other Holmes men. He stood near the bedroom door for almost two hours watching  over John and Hamish as they slept. When John finally shifted to looked and see who was in the flat with them he finally spoke up. He knew John was upset that the boys had gone to the case, but he also knew it was a necessary evil.
being in control. John's breath hitched more, to the point he was almost heaving for breath. His entire attention fixated on the need burning inside of himself.
"You like watching your boys enjoy each other?" Victor asked and Sherlock suddenly very breathless, nodded. John could only watch at the two of them stared at each other, both panting with desire.
"I'm not talking about your sex life Sherlock!" Mycroft moved over and sat down next to him, anger on his face but concern there as well, using the proximity to make Sherlock give him his full attention. "What possible use can talking to Victor have for you? Victor will not stop until he claims you and that means he will not stop until John is out of the way! He could be hurt!"
"Don't let him get to you," Greg whispered.
?" Victor tried sipping on his tea and yes it did help the cold numbness he was feeling but it wasn't strong enough. He needed something that could make his mind stop thinking about Sherlock. The only two things that had ever worked were drugs and alcohol.
"Not... Your... Fault." Sherlock groaned. He fought not to start grinding into John's hands. "My fault..." He whispered, moaning loudly. He bit down on his hand to keep from shouting too loud. "Oh God... John... I... I know..." He grunted. "I wish you did... Touch me... Every... Day." He clawed into the bed, moaning louder.
"You two been jogging?" Greg teased, because he knew it would make both of them blush.
"Do I please you, Sir?" He asked, keeping up the talk he knew John loved. "Do you like to watch me stroke my cock while you use my arse?" Those words seemed to be some sort of triggers because one he said them, John started slamming into him harder and faster. "Oh, Oh John!" He moaned, his back arching as he continued to wank his cock.
"Yeah but clearly you're not that insane." Victor said with a shrug. "You got him. I didn't. Clearly you were doing something right. I wasn't." Victor looked down, he knew everything he did wrong and he'd give anything to go back and change it.
"You bloody, idiot..." He growled as he started pounding into him. "Tormenting me..." He growled, slamming into him, forcing his face down toward the mattress. John let out strangled cry of pleasure as he was pushed into the mattress.
"I forgive him as long he promises to behave," Sherlock said, gazing at Victor who nodded quickly.
"Well I really was fine but until you brought it to my attention that I wasn't. I'm cold and I feel very nauseous." Sherlock bit his lip, so nauseous that he would prefer to not talk about it out of fear of vomiting. "Victor may want to give himself the medication, he has... Trust issues." He whispered, trying to distract himself again.
good, I'll even put on my old uniform I just stumbled across." He grinned as he pulled back, pressing a kiss to Sherlock's mouth as he did. "So what do you say, pet?" He let go of Sherlock's hair, withdrawing all of his contact from Sherlock in such a way it left him desperately wanting. It took everything Sherlock had not to say, 'Fuck, Dinner' and just stay here so he could try to talk John into putting on that uniform now. He stayed exactly as John had left him, utterly blown apart and desperately submissive to the arousal flashing in John's eyes. So he nodded eagerly suddenly unable to remember how to make proper words come out of his own mouth.
"I'm trying," Sherlock whimpered as he took John's face into his hands. "I'm trying to focus on you." He gazed into his eyes trying to keep his mind there, to keep it with John. He couldn't let Victor get to him. He didn't need the drugs. He didn't need them. John would be here. John would be here to help him through it. But Christ he hated when he imagined things. He got violent when he imagined things. He would never forgive himself he ever hurt John in anyway. He pressed his nose to John's, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes.
"I do too." Mycroft conceded and pulled Greg back to himself, holding him against his chest. "Everything will get better, love."
"He's never had a migraine before." Sherlock forced out, his words were quiet and full of the panic that was nagging at his heart. Dr. Evans bore Sherlock's panic easily, as he had seen it many times over the course of the young man's life. He waited until Sherlock stopped spinning his ring but  Sherlock only did it to stop the look on John's face. He moved over and ran his hand through Hamish's hair instead, giving himself something to focus on aside from the guilt and panic threatening him. "Should we be concerned that there was nerve damage?" Sherlock's voice carried gently to the doctor.
. He knew where the jealousy came from but he was sort of enjoying the idea of taking it out on Mycroft, after all the man had been being rather annoying as of late. "After all he has never really been to dinner with us, and Greg seemed pretty flustered when he thought Mycroft told us about their little relationship." He slipped his hand into Sherlock's as he headed for the door.
"First," He forced out, "You must say the magic words. Which are... Jack Frost." He decided with a laugh, picking the first thing that came to mind. He sprinkled powdered sugar on Hamish's pancakes.  "Go on, say it or Jack Frost won't help Daddy make snow."
"Bad, Sherly." He scolded playfully and Sherlock only giggled.
man? Why did I choose to love Sherlock Holmes, a man who can never possibly love me back?' And it's all fine and easy to deal with when you're absolutely sure that's the truth..." He turned back, his eyes betraying some sentiment. "But when you see how someone else has managed to work their way into the mind of Sherlock, into his constant thought... It's like a knife in the heart." Sherlock suddenly understood - John was referring to
"It is a matter..."
"I'm fine," Sherlock said quickly forcing a smile. He wasn't really fine - he felt this horrible sickness in the pit of his stomach and knew that it had nothing to do with the flu. It was because he had to face Victor now. He was absolutely terrified of this emotional minefield he was facing. He didn't know how to address all this properly. He wanted to but he didn't know how. John gave another ragged cough, pulling Sherlock from his thoughts. "Go get in the shower, doctor's orders." He pecked John on the lips before ushering him towards the bathroom. "I can handle this." He said but he sounded like he was trying to convince himself more than anything.
"That's between us, Greg." His tone held a bit of warning but his face remained relaxed. "I'm sure Mycroft can show you the tape later if you
"I said stop calling me that." Sherlock snapped, pouting more. Victor laughed even harder and John chuckled slightly. Alex laughed too but his eyes betrayed a bit of jealousy at how easy it was for Victor to simply fall back in stride with John and Sherlock. That was one thing they didn't have. Their communication required a lot of work and effort, negotiated conversations, discussing their feelings, and trying not to assume what the other was thinking. Here, with them, it just flowed easily and naturally.
"This is my older brother, Mycroft and his..." He looked too his brother, expecting him to deal with whatever term he wanted to use in public.
"I think we should go out. I haven't taken you out to eat in a while." Sherlock pressed his lips to Johns for a brief kiss before he crawled out of the fort and walked into his bedroom to get dressed. "Comb your hair, John Watson. We are going out." He commanded sounding a lot happier than usual. Things felt good like this, things felt right now that he knew John loved him back. He felt happy and surprisingly his mind wasn't focused on the absent drugs at all, it was almost perfect. John giggled.
It was amazing and awful being teased like this, Sherlock could see those boots and the cuff of those pants. Not only that he could smell the uniform. It smelled clean, so clean. Like it had been cleaned many times just to try to get the scent of sweat and dirt out of it but Sherlock could still smell a hint of it and it made it all the more desirable. If he just turned his head a bit he could see all of his perfect soldier. He wanted to. He wanted to just peek but he knew how much trouble he would be in for peeking so he forced himself to shut his eyes as he bent over the table properly.
So different than Sherlock's kisses, a completely different creature in and of itself. His tongue darted out to taste more of Victor, to memorize him. Victor opened his mouth very willing letting John do whatever he wanted with that perfect tongue. Sherlock watched in awe, his breath tightening in his chest as he saw how John so lovingly explored Sherlock's former lover. Victor tried to climb off Sherlock's lap to get closer to John, but Sherlock wasn't very keen on that idea. He gripped Victor's thighs tightly, a warning that he couldn't get any closer to John than this. He didn't want Victor to do anything to John. No, John was his to touch and use. But John was more than welcome to do anything he wanted to Victor. Those were the rules. John could touch and use but Victor could not. It briefly occurred to him that he probably should have told them that.
"How do I do it?" Marius asked, looking down curiously at Mycroft for help. Mycroft moved effortlessly over and took Marius' hands in his own, guiding him to slide the star on the top of the tree.
"You didn't hurt me," Sherlock promised with a soft smile. He began to stroke John's back softly, kissing his shoulder and breathing in his scent. He blushed at the sentiment of it all but he nodded in agreement. "I need you too." He whispered.
"Papa you need to eat!" Hamish said suddenly trying to force pancake into Sherlock's mouth. Syrup smeared all over Sherlock's face and he couldn't stop a soft chuckle. He looked up at his brother for a moment and Mycroft began to chuckle too until both of them were laughing loudly, almost with tears in their eyes as they remembered some private thing.
"He certainly does. Now come on, get these gloves on so we can go out!" Sherlock grinned and he set the boy down helping him put them on. As Sherlock helped him fix his scarf Hamish rattled off more questions, his eyes roaming over the face of his parents. He stopped suddenly, his eyes fluttering over to John who had a sort of dreamy expression on his face.
"Fine." Sherlock said in answer to John, lowly so only John heard him. He walked over and picked up the bow for his violin, fiddling with it as he settled down on the couch.
"You're logic is infallible as always.” John said a bit coolly, his face tightening. “I'm sorry I hurt you." He whispered, looking down, Sherlock sighed in relief as their eye contact broke. "People who lo... Care about each other don't just leave when things get rough, Sherlock. They come back and fight. Try to prove to the other person that stupid things happen but they're still worth effort." His voice caught in his throat. "That's what you taught me. You could have left me here to sit, thinking my leg was useless... Feeling like I was useless. You could have stayed gone, started a new life somewhere else… But you… You came back for me." Tears were falling again, damn it... "I'm only going to leave if you're going to keep using and only because I don't want to watch you disappear." He looked at John with sad eyes. He was crying again, John never cried. Never in all the time they had known each other had he cried. Not even when he thought Sherlock was dead… And now he was a sobbing mess, because of him. He had done this to John.
"This afternoon, thought about taking the last of my stuff before I came here but I figured it'd be best to start welcoming withdrawal now." He was shaking like a leaf as he moved to sit down on the couch. "B-B-Be careful with that bag, Sherly. It's everything I have to my name." John surveyed Victor cautiously and set the med kit down on the table where Victor could clearly see inside of it. He snapped straight into doctor mode, all signs of his own illness disappearing.
making a mess of things. He, without thinking, started spinning his ring a bit faster and bouncing his leg as he descended into his brooding thoughts. His thoughts were racing and uncontrolled. It was getting so loud in his head. It ached. He didn't want to think. He didn't want to go to this dark place. He wanted to hug Hamish and hear him and John laughing. He wanted the quiet.
"Something John likes to think he can make want to be submissive with." Sherlock replied and he moved Victor off his lap. "Sit right there for just one moment, Victor. I want to prove something to my
"Greg," He whispered as a warning, reminding him that two small children were nearby. His breath moving thickly through his chest. "I didn't know you liked it
"I have perfect control over myself, thank you." Mycroft snapped softly, laying down as he did. He huffed a bit, rolling his eyes. "I do not believe there is anything you could tell me that would make me want to engage in... To have sex with children nearby." He said it as firmly as he could, but his blush was not fading.
"Love, I can handle the tea. I promise not to do anything more strenuous then fixing the table leg. Please help Greg." He wanted to help Greg but he felt achy and weak. He hated feeling so useless. He looked down fidgeting with the edges of the shirt as he did. Sherlock sighed it was hard not to do what John wanted when his nose sounded all stuffy. He frowned and walked over to him giving him a kiss on the cheek.
"If I was unwilling I would be a bad husband and lover." Mycroft smiled and kissed him. "It's your turn to share." He teased, settling in.
"I'm sorry Papa." Hamish muttered.
"So what were you texting Victor about earlier?" Sherlock asked, knowing that John wasn’t ready to talk about his mumblings which he heard perfectly. "And don't say you weren't. He and I are the only ones you text after it gets dark."
"Because this is feelings, love. Not logic." John said and stood, swaying slightly on the spot. "Not tonight but talk to him tomorrow." He said softly. "We have to give you an injection before bed. I will set an alarm and get up in a few hours to check on him." He ran his hand over his face, he felt worse than before. He had to focus, he had to do this.
"Are you alright? Is the light or noise too much?" His words moving as quickly as his thoughts. John stared at Sherlock curiously, shaking his head.
Hamish and Marius had tottered into Hamish's room and Hamish was eagerly showing Marius his toys by pulling almost everything out of the bins they were kept in. He kept showing him toy after toy trying to spark his interest, however nothing seemed to garner much.
"It's freezing in here." Sherlock pouted, trying to convince John to snuggle closer to him.
"Oh, I already knew about that one." Greg said with a chuckle. "He's just a bit shy about it is all."
"I know he needs us. And I swear I won't be like this all the time. I won't be a sopping mess. I just... I haven't let myself... Feel." The only thing that made it obvious that he
"Daddys are home for Christmas! I have a new cousin!" He exclaimed happily. Mycroft simply smiled and walked over, kissing Greg's cheek. The boys kept bouncing and Mycroft sighed happily.
"Because I love your Papa." John explained simply as they ducked into Hamish's soft blue bedroom.
"This is going to sound awful of me but I'm pretty grateful you were shot." Sherlock whispered, blushing just slightly.
John gave Victor another long kiss, his chest purring happily as he found his robe and pulled it on. He followed Sherlock into the living room and before following Sherlock to where he stood he walked over to the couch and dug in his jacket. He pulled out the ring box which he secreted in one hand and silencing his cell phone with the other, before tossing it back on the couch.
"I came to you because besides John... You're all I have. You've ways been there for me because your my friend. And you kissed me a few days ago, I didn't kiss back. I should have thought that was clear."
"Wow, you're covering all the bases. You'll be the best Consulting Detective/Doctor/Violinist in the world." John chuckled and ran a hand through his hair. "Daddy will tell Santa. How about your own medical kit? It will have a stethoscope and everything." At Hamish puzzled looked he smiled and placed his hand over his heart. "It's that thing can hear that strong heartbeat of yours."
"I'm not brooding." Sherlock argued, trying to his best to focus on his lover. "I don't brood." He mumbled even though he knew very well that he did.
"I wasn't sure if you would ever want to explore anything else." He whispered, biting his bottom lip. "I don't want to pressure you into trying something with me that you don't want to try." His voice was soft as he explained himself, a small smirk toying at the edges of his lips as Mycroft reacted.
"Okay, okay," he panted. His cheeks flushing with embarrassment. "Please, I want your cock, Master, Please."
"Civilized, yes." Mycroft said softly. "Consequently why haven't you..." John cut him off in an authoritative tone that took Mycroft by surprise.
"More? I thought you were the one supposed to be touching me, tonight? I thought that's what you wanted earlier." He teased as he started to leave a love bite on Sherlock's neck. "But if you need me to touch you, I can do that too, very easily." He moved his lips lower, down Sherlock's chest and nibbling on his nipple while he smirked up at him.
"No. I won't have withdrawals. I'm fine. I'm just coming down. This isn't withdrawal. Don't be stupid," He snapped the words off quickly and gave away his defensiveness as he did.
"Aw." John couldn't stop himself from saying. He swept Hamish off his shoulders and into his arms. "We're sorry, ‘Mish. We've just been really busy with work. But we're going to stay with you the rest of the month. One of us will always be home, probably even both of us most of the time." He assured the toddler." He explained, running a hand through his hair and smiling at him. "But Santa is coming soon," He remind him and when the boy lit up he giggled.
John took the change easily and rolled over so he was still close by Sherlock. He was sort of annoyed at the mood change but he also had experienced it before. Sherlock was easily affected by his environment. It did however get the doubt rolling again in his stomach, that thought that was pervading his mind and telling him that all of these moments with Sherlock could be snatched away so easily.
"Fine, for the moment," Sherlock said with a smile but as soon as he sat down on the couch, he let out a sigh. "I'm sure it won't last though, it never does."
"Angelo, can you bring us some wine?" Sherlock asked as he began to lead John to their table by the window, which was thankfully empty.
Sherlock just nodded as John promised him they would go back to bed and he would be okay. Allowing himself to relax just a bit because he knew they were alone for the moment. He pressed their foreheads together and closed his eyes for a moment.
"Sleep well, my love." Mycroft whispered as he slipped into the bed and wrapped his arms around his husband. Greg mumbled, opening his eyes and surprised to realize he was back downstairs and comfortably snuggled into the bed.
"Oh, I should have recorded that. You've never said anything about you being wrong before." Greg teased, giving a kiss on the cheek. Mycroft shot him a warning look.
"Yea he got in the shower." John said softly. He sighed. He felt tired, and wrong, and a whole host of emotion that he didn't know what to do with. "He cares about you a lot." He said gently, giving Sherlock a sad smile. "Why don't you go to bed for a bit. I'll sit up and keep an eye on him then we can switch in a couple of hours." John felt guilty. Like he should somehow... What convince Sherlock to love a man who used him? Like he wasn't worth Sherlock's love and Victor was? Suddenly nothing in his head made sense. But he knew Victor was hurting and he knew what it was like to think Sherlock didn't care. He actually ached for Victor, he felt some sort of unspeakable bond with the man. The sort that came from choosing to do something so wildly crazy it forced you to become friends. That's why John and Greg were so close. They knew what it was like to live with a Holmes.
He let his hand sink down so he was holding Sherlock's, wanting to have some sort of contact with him. He nuzzled deeper into the blankets, his other hand clutching the purple shirt around him as he slept, shivering just slightly. It only took a few seconds for Sherlock to drift off. Content in the moment even though he still felt like he was about to be sick. He slept through the nausea, his hand tightly wound in John's even in sleep. Though he knew it must have been hours later when he was jolted away by a knocking at the flat door it felt like he had just closed his eyes.
"Oh no, you are buying me a real ring. I think I deserve that at least." He laughed and then coughed again, curling up in a ball as he did. "You can get a tattoo if you prefer but I want to see what you pick out for me." He blushed a bit but sighed happily at the feel of Sherlock's hand on his chest. "I hope you can sleep." He fumbled about setting a soft alarm for four hours later and his head falling to the side slightly as sleep tried to claim him.
"Sorry, Sir." He whispered. "I'll stop moving, I promise." He swore but then he felt John's fingers at his entrance and it took everything he had not to buck against
"I used to do it all the time when I was a child, John." He told him with a giggle. They started to walk into his bathroom to shower again and Sherlock realized that taking a cold shower was good for him, but maybe not John. "You don't need a cold shower, John. You'll freeze."
," Greg said breathlessly with a chuckle because he knew damn well that Mycroft wasn't joking. He pulled away quickly and got out of the bed. "Where's the bag?" He asked and when Mycroft pointed toward the kitchen he quickly but quietly fetched it. He wasn't surprised to see Mycroft waiting by the stairs, expectantly. "Let's hope we don't wake anyone." He whispered as they crept up the stairs into Hamish's room but quickly moving into the bathroom, "Lock the door." He added quickly.
"Are you tired?" Sherlock asked him softly, concern clear in his voice.
Sherlock didn't notice but his hands were shaking now as he replied. John felt trapped in the room, Sherlock was distant and nothing was reaching him. He was fixated on Victor and their conversation. It was sort of like a punch in the stomach.
Another Chapter? So soon? Yes!
"I've never actually seen him so flustered." Greg added and Sherlock scoffed.
"Don't be an idiot." John teased back and he met Sherlock's kisses with equal intensity, moaning loudly as he did. "Thank you, Sherlock. I know it's hard to share all of this with me, but thank you. I needed it."
convincing." He leaned back and crossed his arms, removing all his contact from Sherlock. Sherlock grinned and tried to search his mind for everything he had ever read or even seen. He tried to think of things he thought John would enjoy. Things he thought he would enjoy if John did them for him. He kissed John hard on the mouth, his hands rubbing soothing circles into his crossed arms. He crawled off the couch only to kneel on the floor in John. He started to stroke John's thighs, gazing up at him with pleading eyes.
"I'm here." He promised giving John a soft smile as he pressed their foreheads together. "I'm right here," He repeated as he grabbed John's hand and placed it over his chest so he could feel his heart beat. "You have nothing to be afraid of, John. I am right here. I'm not going to go anywhere. I'm going to stay with you until you get sick of me." He promised, holding John tightly.
"Yes well... I am but I... I never expected you'd been with a man before. I mean..." He was fumbling over his words, while trying to seduce Sherlock. He was freaking John Watson!
"He wasn't allowed to tell anyone. Of course Sherlock could have told you, if you had been interested." Mycroft was watching Sherlock closely now, realizing he was holding himself back. A slight smile playing on his lips.
"I think I do understand!" John raged, shaking slightly. "If Sherlock wants to give the guy a chance then he deserves one. Just because you think all addicts never get clean doesn't make it true Mycroft!" John's anger diminished some when Mycroft turned to look at him.
"Also you were correct about this dish John, it is quite wonderful." Greg was actually very moved by what Mycroft had said so he squeezed his knee and whispered.
"Why do you even want a puppy?" John asked his son. He was trying to change Hamish’s mind about the dog because he was getting the strong feeling there was some reason Sherlock didn't want a dog in the house."Wouldn't you like a toy or something better? Like a toy TARDIS that spins and makes that sound?" He asked with a bright smile. "Or Sonic Screw Driver, or that chemistry set your Papa said you're too young for?"
"I don't wanna play now." He pouted, trying to pull away.
"I... I'd be nervous to try something like that. All I really want is you, but sometimes I do wonder what it was about those two boys that you enjoyed so much." He confessed, pressing his lips to the corner of Victor's mouth. "I've never done anything as...  Adventurous as you have." Victor chuckled and pressed kisses all over Alex's face.
"I will. He is pretty. I’ve always wanted a co.. Co.. Cousin." Hamish grinned. Greg smiled and kissed Hamish cheek.
"How long have you two been kissing in the hall?" Greg teased as he followed after the boys.
"We were very close until I went to University..." Mycroft said softly, something tightening in his face. He looked at Sherlock with some confusion, as if he'd just realized something. Sherlock flushed just slightly.
"Pretending is hard." Mycroft conceded as he pulled Marius into his lap, putting his forehead against the boys'. "It's hard to pretend that things are magical or different when things are so tough all around you. Isn't it? When you know how hard things are for Mum and Dad." He held the boy tightly, protectively. Greg and Hamish both watched in a bit of awe as Mycroft so easily consoled and spoke with Marius. Marius who was nodding sadly as Mycroft spoke, his little arms wrapped around Mycroft's neck. "You're wonderful Marius and pretending or not pretending is all okay. Hamish can teach you how to pretend if you want and if you don't you don't have to." He promised and Marius blinked away a tear, Greg did too looking out the window for a moment.
"Please, what?" Sherlock asked getting close to John, his cock pressing against his thighs. "What do you want? If you want something you need to tell me. Maybe I'll be generous and give you what you
"We'', we will have to see, won't we?" Mycroft said it firmly his eyes flashing mischievously. Sherlock made an impatient noise.
"Hey, hey, who said that no one is happy?" John asked with worry as he hugged Hamish tight and kissed the top of his head. "We are perfectly happy." He promised and it may not have been the truth but they were trying to be happy again. "I'm happy right now, it's Christmas and I have all of my favorite people here." He murmured
John thought as he forced himself to look away from Sherlock and to his son.
"He's asleep at the moment. Get in here." He hissed in a whisper. It was an order and once Victor stepped into the room Sherlock pointed toward his phone. "You can stay in here if you like but I think it'd be safer if we talk through text. I don't want to wake, John. And I'm sure as hell not leaving him." Victor looked mildly confused but he picked up his phone, he slid down so he was sitting on the floor and read the text.
but by John it was even better. The thought rocked through Sherlock, he hadn't even known he would love it until this very moment.
"Oh no..." Mycroft whispered softly but smirked. He leaned down and scooped Marius up, hugging him. "Do you like that jumper?" He laughed.
"No. You marry people you want be related to but aren't yet." Hamish said softly. "Hm..." He pouted but looked thoughtful, Greg knew
than John does." Mycroft's eyes flashed possessively, as if suggesting there was some sort of competition between the brothers over whom had the more submissive husband. Greg pulled himself out from underneath Mycroft's pin, which surprisingly took a lot of strength and smiled at Mycroft. If he stayed put he would lose control.
"I..." Sherlock looked at John, his face betraying the sort of mental anguish that statement brought on. Put off a case? He'd never done that before. He wrung his hands and resisted the urge to spin his ring. "I'll... Try." He said softly and smiled. "They're asleep."
"Victor you look well. The reports in the papers say you're doing very well at your father's company. I saw that Alex got a promotion as well. Congratulations." Mycroft smiled as Victor flushed slightly.
"Why on earth would you be sorry? You didn't do anything wrong, John. You were just being yourself. You're perfect...marvelous, caring self." Nervously, he leaned up and brushed his lips across John's cheek. Trying to reassure him both that he was worth the effort Sherlock had put into avoiding his feelings as well as for Sherlock feeling them in the first place. "You didn't do anything wrong." John moaned softly as Sherlock's lips grazed his skin and looked up to meet his eyes.
"It sure as hell feels like it." Sherlock mumbled as he held tightly onto John.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John from behind, leaving tender kisses on both his shoulder and neck trying to make John’s tightness fade away.
"When Sherlock was younger and our parents would go away for business he would refuse to eat for days. The only way to get him to eat anything was to catch him by surprise. One year father had business in France just before Christmas, with the household staff on holiday we were left alone. Our family had the tradition of making breakfast together on Christmas eve morning from the time I was old enough to remember and in order to protect Sherlock's fragile emotional state I wanted to ensure we stayed as close to our routine as possible. So he and I made our usual breakfast but Sherlock was so upset with our parents - who'd promised they would return before Christmas,  he refused to eat. He hadn't eaten on Christmas Eve so Christmas morning I told him if he didn't eat I would make him eat. He refused and preceded to tell me all the reasons he might never eat again, so I found a solution. He has always been long and powerful so I knew a direct attack would be a failure. I tipped his chair back and started forcing pancakes in his mouth, one at a time, laughing as he choked. He retaliated by arming himself with a can of whipped topping which could not go unanswered. By the time our war was over and victory negotiated and peace restored there was food everywhere. All over the walls, the windows, our clothes and hair, and just... Utterly everywhere. We started laughing, descending rapidly into a loud fit of giggles just as our parents walked in. I shall never forget the looks on their faces." Sherlock had his hand over his abdomen as he laughed hard, apparently remembering the look as well.
"Sometimes Dads are like that, yea?" John offered softly, swiping his thumb over Sherlock's hand again. "I like being able to do this." John smiled and squeezed Sherlock's hand to indicate his point. Sherlock's cheeks warmed a bit and he leaned closer place a soft kiss to John's cheek.
He silently fell utterly apart dissolving under the weight of the emotion. He desperately wanted them to go upstairs, every moment they lingered in the living room was like rubbing salt in the wound. He sat up against the headboard, a pillow clenched in his arms, and he knew he would not willingly sleep. He couldn't let himself sleep because the nightmares would come and now they would be worse than ever. He leaned down into the pillow and clutched at it so hard it might tear.
good boy." He smirked, once again Sherlock was drunk with this power. The sheer force of it making him have no control over himself. They were both reduced to pure instinct and desire, their minds blissfully blank as they focused on one thing - driving each other insane. "Now to make this more interesting." Sherlock laughed in a low deep growling way. "Every time I spank you with the riding crop you have to thank me." Sherlock climbed on top of the bed and started to squeeze John's ass. "Now, how many do you think you deserve, hm? You've been a good pet. Should I give you ten? Or do you want more than that? I think ten is very generous."
for even a minute." He nipped Sherlock's ear again before slowly extracting himself from their embrace and padding out to the living room to scoop up his phone.
"There's food grade peppermint oil in the drawer to the left of the sink, John." Sherlock said softly, still holding Hamish tightly. Mycroft looked at his brother for a long moment. "Hamish do you want to go help you Daddy? You can show Marius how to make Cocoa?" Sherlock asked softly.
"You did the best you could with what you had." John said and he was convinced it was true. "I mean I didn't even do anything. I gave up. I resigned myself to thinking he would never feel the same for me that I do for him and that it was okay. That I could find a way to stay here with him and take what I could out of our interactions. I had no faith he could ever be able to or would ever want to love me." He sighed, admitting it hurt. "At least you tried to get his attention."
"What are you guys doin?" Marius asked curiously as walked closer, holding the rabbit close to his chest. "I wanna pay to." He pouted and Alex lifted him into his arms.
"I-I'll try. That's all I can promise you, John. I want to stop. I do, but I can't promise that I'll be successful." He hated admitting that he was so weak but John needed to know the truth. "My stash is under the bed." He whispered.
blushing?"  John asked with utter shock as he turned to register the look on Sherlock's face. He was red and flustered but looked tense like he was expecting someone to pop out of a corner and attack.The brothers were silent as Mycroft came back with the coffee pot and set it down, feigning like he was confused as to why everyone was so concerned. Sherlock crossed his arms defiantly, glaring up at his brother as if daring him. Mycroft simply stopped and placed his hands on his hips, turning his attention fully on Sherlock as everyone else in the room stopped and held their breath. Their faces were unreadable and even their husbands couldn't tell if they were playing or serious. Sherlock refused to eat, primly wiping syrup off his face before crossing his arms again. Mycroft's face settled into a terse grin, quirking one eyebrow.
"Don't worry he'll get his turn,
"I think you're going to agree to get some rest and possibly go shopping for me tomorrow afternoon? I can stay with Hamish while you get him some more gifts?" He rubbed his nose to Sherlock's, giving him a quick peck on the lips. "Oh, maybe I'll go and find us a tree, or should we do that together? We did that together last year. Maybe we can decorate together and it all still counts." John was rambling now, his mind now lost in what was about to come when the sun rose. "We should already have a tree but we go so busy that I'm just now thinking about it. I hope we still have all our ornaments and lights." Sherlock put his hands firmly on John's shoulders to make him stop talking for a moment.
"Hamish it's fine." Mycroft said, giving him a soft smile but it was clear he was focused on Sherlock. "What on earth are you talking about? And stop throwing paper about you'll give someone a paper cut." He scolded darkly, heaving a sigh as he turned toward Hamish and lifted into his arms. He gave him a kiss on the cheek, greeting his nephew and knowing that Sherlock was no longer able to entertain "Daddy" mode as he was in full on case mode.
"Oh but I think I dare..." Mycroft grinned darkly, challenge flashing in his eyes.
"And it's exactly what I want." Sherlock purred as he moved behind John and wrapped his arms around him. "I only ever want you inside me," he whispered in his ear. "Just you, I belong to you." He kissed his neck, biting just a bit because he couldn't resist. "But Victor, now, he belongs to the both of us, and I suggest we show him a good time."
"I'm fine. I'll be fine." John mumbled grumpily as he moved very slowly to lie back down. He held Hamish close, hating that his son was the one having to comfort him. His brow furrowed in anger as his mind drifted momentarily to Sherlock and worried that he was in danger. He felt the slight shift in Mycroft’s energy though and turned to look at him for a moment. He was going to say something snappish but he seemed to think better of himself and instead said: "Thank you, Mycroft. But I really just need to rest at the moment. Just let me know when the tree gets here. I want to try to help decorate." He insisted. He kissed the top of Hamish's head and gently rubbed his back "My little 'Mish," He whispered softly, smiling as the boy's bright eyes turned up to look at him. "You've been so very good this year. Santa is going to give you everything you want." He promised with a sniff, his tears easing some.
God part of him screamed to break the rules just to see what Sherlock would do but he wanted to please Sherlock more. He wanted to hear him happy. In fact the need to please Sherlock was gnawing away at his gut more than anything.
"Thank you," He whispered and when he felt John slowly pull out of him, he gave a whimper. Sherlock moved to sit up but apparently that was what finally did in the old table. The second Sherlock heard the crack of wood breaking he jumped up and moved to hold onto John. When he turned around, one of the tables legs broke off and the table fell. Sherlock let out a giggle as he hid his face in John's neck. "We actually broke the fucking table." He giggled. John fell back against the counter, holding Sherlock to him and dissolving into a loud fit of giggles.
"It tastes awful. It usually taste good." Sherlock sighed, shaking his head. "I want to try to eat more." He insisted. Subconsciously, he began to stroke John's leg because it made him feel a little warmer.
Victor looked down at his hands, away from Sherlock. He let out a soft sigh.
"I want to sit with Mish." Marius whispered to Greg who nodded.
Sherlock leaned his head against the tile, the coolness biting into his skin. The water was ice cold as it beat down over his skin. He was trying to shock himself out of his mind but it hurt, especially on his cuts. He'd done too well with Hamish. The boy was exceptionally smart and quick to notice anything emotionally off about his fathers. He knew something wasn't right. Sherlock shook as he fought the grief in his stomach. He had to find a way, a way to be more for John. A way to stop risking their lives in these dangerous situations... John deserved better. His breath was shallow, his mind racing again. It hadn't been this out of control since he's been using... Since John saved him from himself. He closed his eyes, sinking into the chaos of his mind palace. It was unorganized and cluttered. He was unorganized. His mind trying to overrule his heart again. He stood there, perfectly still, as the cold water lashed his skin. Sherlock's mind slowly ground to a still, he just stood there in his mind palace alone. He would have to fix this. He could. He hadn't always been so distant. It was because of Victor. They'd both loved him. They'd come to rely on him and his presence. It had become a crutch. He flipped the water to steaming hot, grunting as he did. He would have to find a way to make more time for his family. He needed balance. He still didn't move to wash up, still deep in his mind. Hamish smiled and snuggled into John.
"God," He whispered, his head falling back against the wall as he moaned louder. "Every day is a new day. I won't always be like this. I promise." He shivered slightly. "I don't want you to get sick if I have something." He whispered trying to be logical and rational though his body was already quite pleased with the progression of the moment.
John." John tried to think of where he could put it for now. He knew if he took it to his room Sherlock would be able to guess where it was. He didn't know what to do so he hid it the best he could before coming and wrapping around Sherlock as best he could.
taken care of." He grinned at Mycroft.
"How am I pushing him?!" Sherlock shouted, but he bit his lip knowing he needed to be quiet, John would be hurt if he knew they were bickering over him. He glared up at his brother. "I have never done anything John couldn't handle. We're like any other couple, Mycroft. You do not have to march in here just because he and I have an active sex life." He forced himself to take a sip of some tea before he continued. "This is the healthiest I have been while I am detoxing. I am fine. John's fine."
"You tell him that for his Mummy and Daddy there is no more pain, no more suffering. That the bad people will pay for what they've done and that if you have any control over it, you'll make sure he never has another bad day in his entire life." Sherlock said it so quickly it was almost as if he'd memorized it.  Sherlock’s voice was a bit hollow as he spoke, betraying some deep emotion. Greg furrowed his brow and looked over at Sherlock, noting the tightened look of his features. "I have to tell Hamish that at least once a month. It's what we told him when he finally asked us at a year old, why he didn't have the Mummy he barely remembered. And as far as the clothing goes I know I didn't have to do it, but I did. He needs comfort and continuity right now."
"Move your hips." He whispered against Victor's lips. He obliged and slowly began rubbing their cocks together. "Oh, Sherlock." Victor moaned and Sherlock locked their lips together again.  John smiled some, watching them. He stepped back towards them and let his hands run through their hair as he bent over to press hot kisses against Sherlock's neck for a long time before kissing Victor's neck.
"You say that like it's my fault." John hummed as he placed his other hand on Sherlock's thigh. "It's not my fault you weren't here for me to you touch you." He said with a bit of pout. "Even when you were here you didn't want me to touch you because of cases." His hand reached Sherlock's length where he took it in hand and began to stroke him gently. "I want to touch you like this every day, Sherlock... I hope you never think otherwise."
"You talk about me like I'm not here," John pointed out but he had a bright smile on his face, enjoying Sherlock telling Hamish about the changes John had brought into his life. "I do though. It's very magical. With Father Christmas coming and eating all sorts of sweets." He said excitedly, giggling with Hamish. "Oh and all the snowball fights, snow angels, and snow men." John blushed, he sounded like a child but then again Christmas
"You're under the arrest." Greg said breathlessly, but turned to try to help Sherlock.
"To breathe." John grinned and kissed him again, pressing his body against Sherlock's. He wrapped one hand gently in those dark curls, pressing their mouths back together eagerly.
. The one place Sherlock had never been touched by another person.
"No, it's fine." Sherlock said and it really was because he could hear the pain John was in and it made him want to do anything he could to make John care for himself. "I'll go take care of him." It was about time he faced him. He wrapped his arms around John and hugged him tightly, pressing gently kisses to his forehead. "You go take a shower and go back to bed. I'll... Go see what I can do to help Victor." He stood grabbing his pajama pants and t-shirt off the floor. "Do you need help getting in the shower?" He coughed. John walked over shaking as he did and wrapped himself around Sherlock. He almost clung to him, knowing it was a stupid needy thing to do but he did it anyways. He nuzzled his face against his chest for a moment and then slowly pulled away. He ran a hand over his face and may have even brushed away a tear.
"Yep, blushing." John announced.
"Papa is taking a while isn't he?" He asked the little one who nodded, his mouth full of pizza. "I'm going to go check on him, you stay here." He carefully stood, making sure not to step on the food or Hamish. He walked into the bedroom and saw a bunch of steam coming from underneath the bathroom door. He frowned, that was a bit usual considering they never turned the water hot enough to create that much steam. John gently knocked on the door, his heart racing with a bit of worry.
"Oh, Sherlock." He panted at least a dozen times before he released his grip and looked down at the mess all over them. "Shit," He said with a giggle. "Oh, that... That was brilliant."
"Marius do you like chocolate chips?" Mycroft asked very seriously, but his smirk was still toying at the edge of his lips. Something had shifted in the Holmes brothers' from the night before and here in the kitchen they fell into an easy stride beside each other in a way they hadn't done in ages. No terse remarks, no anger, instead all of that replaced with hidden smirks and silent conversation. Hamish watched with rapt attention, enjoying the way his Uncles were both rather relaxed and happy as they worked.
"Is he okay?" Greg asked standing outside the fort because he refused to go in.
"You wouldn't." Victor shook his head and began heading for the door.
"There's other ways to quiet your mind, Sherlock." John's voice was almost breathless. He hadn't answered the question but his words tried to give John hope. He started panting a bit again, on the edge of a breakdown. "So..." He tried to make his voice even, tried and failed, spectacularly. John bit his lip, another sob trying to claw its way out of his chest.
"Yes, studying others was the first thing I learned. It is something I have done as long as I can remember. It was one of the few ways I could actually get information. We didn't talk about a lot in our family. Just look at the relationship I have with my brother." They watched Hamish crawl over the playground, play tag with a few other children, and just run all over for awhile while they relished the easy moment. Eventually Hamish came running over to them, giggling like mad and asked Sherlock to pick him up. Which he did, nuzzling their noses together.
"I'm sorry. I'm acting like a child." He muttered and they just looked at him, expecting him to continue. "Don't make me say it. Can't I just show how much I want him?" He asked, wrapping his arms around Victor.
"Oh very good..." John grinned and leaned down, kissing Sherlock roughly. "Lock the doors, I want you naked in the kitchen when I get back. Hands on the table, back to the living room." He gripped Sherlock's hair claiming another vicious kiss as he stood and strode to his room.
"He wants the best." Sherlock shrugged. "I'm ignoring him, you both should too." Sherlock pulled his phone out, cleared all the message alerts, and turned the phone to silent. Hamish was humming softly as he colored on the piece of paper that Sherlock had given him. Sherlock always kept a few blank pages and a small box of crayons in his jacket for Hamish when they went out. The boy seemed completely in his own little world as he colored and Sherlock simply smiled as he watched him. "It's alright John, I'm not going to work on it today. If I work on it at all I can go out for a few hours tomorrow afternoon. Right now it's not important." John gave a sigh, choosing to do exactly as his husband said and ignore it. It didn't matter. This breakfast, their family together was what was important.
"I think we're going to Alex's family?" Victor asked softly, turning to look at his fiancé for confirmation.
"John!" Sherlock shouted with panic as he hurried to catch his stubborn love. "Stop worrying about me right this instant." He ordered harshly as he took a deep breath and lifted John into his arms. "Shit," He hissed when his head gave painful throb. "It's okay, John, I've got you." He assured him as he hurried him into the bedroom. He lay him in the bed before picking up the heating blanket and turning up as high as it would go. "Christ, you're freezing." He muttered before wrapping it around him. The initial terror subsided some but the fear was still there. John's lack of attention to himself could result in him progressing to pneumonia which would require him going to the hospital. Sherlock climbed into the bed next to him, wrapping the covers around them and hugging John tightly to himself. "Don't you
"Yes, Doctor." Sherlock said with a weak grin at John. He slowly sat up, taking the blankets with him but his head throbbed as he did so he winced. "The rooms not spinning but my head is still killing me," he explained. He also couldn't help but move closer to John as soon as he was in the bed. John was just so warm and he felt so cold even though he knew he must have a fever. "P-Please." Sherlock said, hating to even ask for help but he knew he needed it. He took a deep breath, his jaw twitching as he conceded his weakness. This was John. It was okay if John saw him like this. He wouldn't make fun of him for showing weakness, he never had. "I'm going to have to ask you to feed me, John." He pouted hating to have to ask for such a childish thing. "I'd do it myself but I want to stay wrapped up." He explained though he knew it was unnecessary.
"Papa does dat when he finks too much." Hamish added. "Daddy! We wanna build a fort!" Hamish said a bit loudly through the door. Mycroft chucked softly.
good to have a mouth around his cock.
Sherlock took all of John's words in and once he actually understood them all he felt this icy pain in his stomach. Pain because he was quite sure he didn't feel the same way for Victor. He didn't love him the way Victor wanted and that made him feel like a despicable person. Victor had loved him for years and there had never been one moment where Sherlock even thought it was possible he loved him too. Where he thought it was even possible to love him that way. It was that simple he just couldn't feel that way for him. He loved John. His sun. His brilliance. Yes, Victor was important to him, yes he loved him in some capacity but he wasn't in love with him and that made him feel terrible. Sherlock was again faced with emotional logic, the type that made absolutely no sense to him and the only person he trusted to explain it was John.
"Can we get our tree now? They already have theirs." He pointed to the other children.
"I love you too." He hummed as he watched John react to his touch. He was so relaxed and that made Sherlock relax. "Maybe it's nothing, maybe you're just stressed. You could need some more rest, that's all." He said hopefully as he rinsed the shampoo out of John's hair. He stated to wash his body off smiling at him whenever he caught John looking. "Don't look at me like that, I'm going to behave today. No sex." He said firmly. Christ, he hoped that was easy to do as it was easy to say.
"I sort of guessed as much from the sound of the water." Victor said softly and moved so he was at the opposite end of the couch. He tensed a bit and sat up rigid and firm. "So what he sent you in here to babysit me? I'm an adult. I don't need you two breathing down my neck." He was trying to be harsh but the emotion wasn't behind the words, something even Sherlock could read. "What's with him anyway? He's going to crash and burn at this rate." He again tried to remain unaffected but Sherlock detected the attachment in his voice. It intrigued him but he knew better than to push too hard. Victor seemed to trust and care for John, perhaps that was something that would make this easier?
"I'm not worried about that, Sherlock." John said softly, reaching up to touch his cheek. I'm worried about overwhelming you or appearing to be just like any other normal
"You look gorgeous, John." He whispered as he stared at him with love in his eyes. Letting their game of dominance fall away and just enjoying the fact that he was going to get to claim John. That John was his and writhing and moaning because of him.
"Shall I alert our handlers?" John said grandly as he grunted and rolled out of the fort. He started heading up the stairs to get dressed, stopping to peek in on Sherlock as he got ready. Sherlock shot him a warning glare and he giggled and continued on his journey. His heart felt light but he knew the darkness was still lurking. As soon as he entered his room he pulled his pistol out of his end table and made sure it was loaded and the safety on. He didn't think they'd need it but he couldn't stand not having it just in case.
"Okay..." Hamish kissed Sherlock's cheek and walked over to take Marius' hand. "It's funny to watch Daddy cook. He burns stuff." Hamish giggled. When the boys skipped into the kitchen, Mycroft sat down next to his brother, leaning forward and putting his elbows on his knees and his hands in front of his chin. Sherlock curled his legs up on the couch in front of him and hugged his knees.
"I'll make the tea." John said softly, looking somewhere between amused and annoyed. "And some food since
"Thanks Greg. I'm going to eat in the kitchen so the smell doesn't bother Sherlock. I will be quick." John wolfed down the breakfast quickly returning only a few minutes later.
"Liar." He mumbled. "I bet I'll have to carry you to bed tomorrow before Hamish." His words faded away as he started to drift to sleep.  "W-Wake me if you…" He couldn't finish his sentence. He was already asleep in his husbands arms a relaxed smile on his lips. Sherlock smiled and he continued to run his hands through John's hair for a long time. His thoughts racing here and there as he tried to sort everything out. John wanted another child, a girl... And a dog... Sherlock had been neglecting his family... He needed to be sure he was there more for them. On and on his brain went until John, still deeply asleep, slid his hand up onto Sherlock's chest over his heart. A warmth spread through his body at the feel of the gentle touch and without intending to he was slowly lulled to sleep exactly as he was sitting, one hand in John's hair and the other balled up against his chin, his index finger on his cheek. The exact position he remained in until he was woken the next morning.
"I don't want to hurt you," He whispered, "I hurt people when I start seeing things, John."
Sherlock was sitting rigidly, his eyes closed as he sorted through information. Mycroft had one of the books down, flipping through it with mild interest. The two them were much closer than they would have been previously, indicating a shift in their dynamic. Sherlock would occasionally open his eyes and ask his brother a quiet question and receive an equally quiet answer before returning to his thoughts. If there were hit men, they were being ordered by someone. This ring of birth for money needed to be stopped before another family went through this. Sherlock's fingers twitched slightly as he worked. John and Greg stalled slightly, watching the two brothers and it took Hamish to bring them back into the room.
"He is absolutely adorable. He told Victor that Hamish was his best friend."
"I hope Hamish won't be too upset to see you hurt." Sherlock said with a bit of frown.
"Nothing is going to take me away. I'm sitting here with you. In
"Come on Daddy, don't just stand there staring all day." Sherlock teased lowly in his ear. "The sooner Hamish goes down for a nap the sooner I can tell you just what I said."
"Greg deserves better." John said with a smirk but he didn't really mean it. Mycroft could be alright, sometimes. John knew he was privileged to see a different side of both the Holmes brothers that the world didn't get to see. "I don't care what he thinks about us. Never have and I'm certainly not about to start caring now. But he needs to give you space."Sherlock nodded. He completely agreed with John. His brother seemed to have very poor timing when it came to his needs. When Sherlock needed him he was never there. Then when Sherlock didn't need him he was there smothering him with unwanted attention.
"We can go get a tree together in the morning. We'll take him to the breakfast place he likes so much before we go. Then we can go pick out a tree and you two can decorate it while I go shopping. The ornaments and lights are in a box in Hamish's closet." Sherlock sighed and leaned back against the headboard. "I'll stay here and hold you, but I'm not likely to sleep tonight love. My mind is too full."
"Oh.... He might." Victor grinned. "No, no I want you to ask. I will be right there with you. After all, it was your idea." He teased.
"He's important to you," He finally forced out in a tiny voice. He felt incredibly stupid but Sherlock was right, he'd shown his feelings, so now John needed to. "If you'd... If you'd rather..." He took another deep shaking breath and closed his eyes. "If you'd rather be with him or something I'll help you make it okay. I just... Need you safe." There he'd said it, the stupid childish feelings that were banging around his chest: jealousy, anger, hate, insecurity, all of it. "I just... Fuck this hurts." John grunted. Sherlock's eyes widened with hurt and surprise.
"Would you like to try to hold him?" Greg asked hopefully, his eyes on Mycroft. "I've been holding him for hours now, maybe he'd like to be held by someone else. Usually I'd be worried about him sleeping so much but I'm sure it's because of what he's been through." He smiled softly at Mycroft, "Cradle your arms and you can hold him while he sleeps." Mycroft tensed a bit and nodded. Hamish got down and went into the kitchen, getting himself a juice box from his clearly labeled drawer in the fridge. Mycroft gently took Marius from Greg, trying to do so as carefully as possible. "See? Isn't that hard now is it?" Greg asked with a soft smile. Marius had woken up a bit, mumbling about his Mummy again but he opened his eyes and looked up Mycroft as if surveying him. He curled up against Mycroft’s chest even more tightly than he had against Greg’s. When Hamish came back into the room with his juice Marius still had his eyes opened. He wasn't crying anymore, he just gazed up at Mycroft and then he looked around the room. He felt a bit comforted when he saw a little boy about his age crawl onto the couch. But he hid his face in Mycroft's shirt when Hamish tried to reach out and touch him. He whimpered and shook his head.
"I wasn't aware you had such a grasp on my food preferences, John." Mycroft's voice was guarded.
"You kept me waiting, I got bored." Victor said with a simple sigh as he poked at the fort with his foot. "Where's that
"I'm saying it's a strong possibility." Mycroft’s voice was tense and tight with emotion. The fact that Mycroft was even showing emotion worried and confused John all the more.
for Mycroft to slip into the roll. He quickly flipped the water on and began to pull off his pants and trousers, freezing when he saw the look on Mycroft's face.
Sherlock can't turn his mind off, all it wants to do is think about John in a way that he isn't sure he can handle, so he turns to drugs. But when John finds out and Sherlock's past comes back to haunt him will the two be able to navigate the minefield of detoxing, Sherlock's history, and their blossoming love without falling apart at the seams?
"First
things for me. For me not him. And I cannot even imagine how much that hurts. It makes me hurt for him. It makes me was to disappear so he can be with you. It makes me feel a lot of things all at once." He sighed softly, looking at Sherlock. "You are like the sun Sherlock. Once you have seen it's brilliance nothing can ever compare."
"Victor, when's the last time you took anything?" Sherlock asked concernedly as he let go of John's hand to grab Victor's bag and help him inside. Victor chuckled.
"I promise," Sherlock said as he quickly crawled off John. "Stay here." He said now entirely focused on John. He climbed out of the fort and went into the bathroom to grab a wash cloth. He soaked it in cold water and squeezed it tightly so it wouldn't drip everywhere. He crawled back into the fort and placed the cool cloth on John's forehead. "Better?" He asked hopefully. "I can start moving your things from upstairs if you want. You really do need to rest."
"No, No, I don't think it's the soups fault." Sherlock argued. "I'm sure if I wasn't going through the detox from hell, it'd taste fine." He assured John. "I'll keep eating it, I need to." He insisted but to show John his appreciation, he kissed his cheek. "You're such a good, Doctor. Do all your patients get this much attention? "
"Of course you can." Mycroft assured him, though he wasn't sure why the child would want to. He suddenly understood the catch to his situation. Greg would want to give Marius a brother or sister to help. He gave his husband a knowing stare as he gently held Marius close. "We'll never be far away." Then it all clicked with John. Oh.
John's phone chimed and he sat almost straight up, making both of the other men jump with surprise. It hurt him to do so and caused a coughing fit, but John was hyper alert. He fumbled for the phone for a moment, having trouble getting it in his hand. His brain was fogged over from the lack of sleep and the deep illness but he still tried to focus. Victor made a move as if he was going to get up and stop John, actually getting to his feet. Sherlock tensed and his mouth tightened into a thin line.
"My, my, Mr. Holmes is that a gun in your pocket or are you getting off on this?" Victor asked leaning towards him.
"A doctor." He laughed and snuggled in to Sherlock. "I pretty much knew what I wanted to be from the time I was five or so. Though I did waver between being a vet and a medical doctor." He hummed softly. "I could see you as a pirate." He hummed, musing over the thought.
"You still love us?" Hamish asked hopefully, his body shivering with a sob.
"When the tree gets here?" Mycroft looked confused.
John was sure he looked like shit. He felt like shit that was for damn sure. But a long night pressed against the railing on the tiny landing just outside their flat wasn't likely good for him. He hadn't moved since he'd gotten himself into the ball he was curled up in and now he was literally quaking with cold. It didn't matter, he wasn't going to move. He was going to stay exactly where he was until Sherlock either remembered or he passed out. He didn't care which. His face was blank, all of the emotion rolling around in his chest having broken the mask he'd been trying to keep up. His phone was locked in his hand in a sort of death grip, cutting into the side of his hand as he held it so tightly his knuckles were white. His eyes were unfocused and his gaze blank as he simply stared at the wall in front of him. He supposed he would be stronger against this if he hadn't been so sick to begin with but he was desperately ill, exhausted, and consumed with worry. His lips were moving, muttering to himself, but no sound was coming out.
"You two are daring going out now..." Victor offered.
"Go meet her," Greg urged as Marius took Hamish's hand and quickly left with his cousin.
"I'm fine. I just feel... Shaky." Yes, that's exactly how he felt. He felt like his insides were trembling. Hell, he might even be trembling. His mind was trapped on another part of his history with Victor now and he kept thinking about what Victor said. How Victor said that John should know about their history. Sherlock swallowed nervous, knowing the only way to find out would be to ask. "Do you think you should know about my history with him? I mean do you think you should know more about it?" Their eyes met and John was taken aback by the sudden shyness he found there. "Victor thought I should tell you some things I've been keeping from you."
look very well.
. To admitting he needed something. He was so used to doing things for himself and just getting by on what he could get. But if Sherlock wanted him to do that, if he was willing to try he would try also. "But you have never treated me like doormat. I would never let you treat me like a doormat." He assured his husband but he began to worry about whether or not that was actually true. Had Sherlock been ignoring John's needs so much that John had begun to also?
"Yes, fuck me, yes. Cum inside Victor!" He growled as he continued to slam into the both of them. He was on the edge of an amazing orgasm as well. It was so achingly close his movements were becoming harder and faster. Then just when he thought he couldn't take anymore he felt John tighten around him. The moans that escaped both of his lovers lips caused him go over the edge with such a powerful orgasm it literally took his breath away. He didn't know how long he stopped breathing but once he started again he gasped and clung to John. His body shaking as he rode out the aftermath. "Oh God. Oh my God." He repeated over and over again, no other words coming into his mind. John and Victor shouted loud as they orgasmed and John just barely stopped himself from collapsing on Victor. He held himself up so Sherlock was braced against him but it was clear he would not be able to hold their weight long. He could not speak or even try form words. He just panted and shook as he stared at Victor. He was boneless and wanted to just fall down, his arms shaking hard.
"You took so much into consideration." He said, his voice cracking a bit as he slid it onto his finger and stared at it. He span it just to see how it would feel and he let out a laugh. Yes, he would spend his days spinning this ring on his finger while he though. He turned his face to John and kissed him as hard as he could through his tears of happiness. "I love it. I love it so much, John. I'll never take it off." John flushed with pleasure and pulled Sherlock close to his body, kissing him and laughing slightly at the stupid tears the two of them were shedding.
"Oh, he not a bad guy he a Lego." Marius said seriously.
"Jesus, I may not be able to keep up with you." Sherlock teased but he pulled John on top of him and made him straddle his hips. "Would you like to ride my cock, pet?" He asked with a grin as he ran his hands over John's legs.
"This won't play out well," Greg mumbled as he looked up at Mycroft, listening to John's angry footfall retreat down the hall. Mycroft stood and moved to the window to watch John's exit, sighing. "He's never seen Sherlock when he's high. He's never seen him on edge like we have. He doesn't know there's no talking to him. No reasoning with him. All that matters to him is the high. When's he's using he doesn't care about anything else. Why are you letting him go back to him? Won't that just make things worse?" Greg stood, walking over to the window and joining Mycroft watching John get in a taxi. His mind wandering to Sherlock and wondering what had made to Sherlock chose to go back to his addiction? He thought for sure John would have been able to keep Sherlock clean. "He had been doing so well, what made him relapse?" He tentatively placed his hand on Mycroft's back, offering his lover support.
"I want to try to eat something again." He mumbled but his eyes watched John as he grabbed the needles and bag from under the bed. Part of him wanted to snatch them away from John and run. But he kept himself content in bed by remembering what they had done together in this bed. By remembering what John had so willingly given him. His mind had been blank and it had been better than the drugs. He looked away from the drugs and got underneath the covers even more, using the action to hide the shame flushing across his cheeks. "I need you in this bed too."
"I was wondering if you were going to suggest that." Mycroft whispered very softly in his ear. "I think if you want to have any chance of sleeping tonight you'll get our shower bag out of the duffel and lead the way up there. Otherwise I'm going to lie here and torment you... All... Night... Long." He promised, nipping at his shoulder to emphasize each word. He could and would do it... It unhinged him knowing that Greg had thought about such naughty things.
"Getting pretty cocky aren't we, John?" He teased his lover with a grin. The kisses to his chest didn't affect him too much, they were very nice but they thankfully didn't make him whimper or moan. He brought a hand up to John's hair and ran his fingers through his hair. "Cocky has always been very sexy on you, I cannot lie about that. The only thing sexier was when you pulled rank at Baskerville."
"Thank you, John." He panted and Sherlock feeling particularity generous, grabbed Victor by the neck and pulled him closer to John.
"I can't tell him now. Maybe after Christmas... But if I tell him now it will only cause him more worry." At Victor's firm look he sighed. "I swear I will tell him after Christmas though." He said seriously and he turned his back to Victor to grab a few of the presents out of the back of the car. "I'm fine. I'll be fine." He insisted.
again." He ordered darkly before kissing his forehead. John started crying again and could not stop it no matter how hard he tried. It was stupid to cry, he felt stupid for doing it but he'd not had the best five hours. It broke Sherlock's heart to see how utterly broken John was as he cried, it made part of him want to rush upstairs and throttle Victor. John looked up at Sherlock, his eyes almost pleading for some sort of confirmation that this was reality and not some crazy dream.
"Do it." He ordered and once he felt the burning sensation he winced and muttered. "Son of a bitch." He pulled his arm away from Sherlock with a groan. "Shit. Fuck." He continued swearing as it burned. He shut his eyes for a moment, shaking his head to try to distract from the pain. "Well, this is the second night in a week we've had to leave, Mish with them." John said through gritted teeth. Once the pain began to fade away, he opened his eyes and let out a sigh. "Christmas is in four days and I haven't gotten a damn bit of shopping done aside from filling Hamish's stocking."
did you see fit to tell my husband about these murders in order to try to provoke me into taking these cases?!" His voice was soft but dark, his eyes narrowing angrily. "Do not lie. He has been extremely sensitive lately which can only mean something has been weighing on his mind. You told him and somewhat recently. Within the last two months. So he's been feeling selfish for wanting me home and berating himself for it. Why would you do such a thing?!" He didn't raise his voice or grab Greg but it was clear he wanted to throttle him.
Hamish closed his eyes but was peeking;  so Sherlock chuckled softly and put one hand over the boys eyes. Partially so John could do what he was going to and partially because the look he gave John was purely indecent. John met Sherlock's eyes and could easily read the message.
giving John the idea he didn’t want him. He was giving him the impression he didn’t want John around because he didn’t talk to or rely on him the way a true friend would have. “It’s not you John. I can’t talk to you because you wouldn’t understand.” He snapped, it wasn’t a lie but it also wasn’t the full truth. “I’m not trying to anger you, I mean it. You wouldn’t understand. No one ever understands.” His voice was bitter, the acid of disappointment creeping into his words.
"What's this?" John asked shyly.
Hamish woke a bit later and gently uncurled himself from John's grip, slipping out of the bed and padding out to the main room. He went into the bathroom and came out about ten minutes later, his hands still wet from washing them. Mycroft almost laughed because the sleeves had unrolled and he looked absolutely adorable in his father's oversized shirt with his bed head and sleepy eyes. Mycroft would never admit it, but despite not being Sherlock’s biological son, the boy looked startlingly like his brother had when he was that age.He saw tree and started to get excited, clapping his hands softly and bouncing on the balls of his feet. What he didn't notice, because it was cleverly hidden in the corner was the small mountain of gifts.
"You... Okay?" John finally forced out, weakly clinging to Sherlock but utterly wrecked. His head falling softly to the side as he fought the exhaustion harder and began to lose.
"Oh you are. I can see it on your face," He chuckled.
"So gentle and caring." Sherlock hummed, as he met John's eyes. "Absolutely perfect."  John went slowly, moaning softly. He was desperate to make sure Victor felt amazing.
"It's a fort for pretending." Hamish announced proudly.
me." He smirked, winking before he swept down the stairs.
"He is ours; he doesn't have a normal life, John." Sherlock grinned. He nuzzled John's cheek with his nose. "We haven't been spending enough time together. Any of us. Greg has become too dependent on you and me solving the cases. I make no promises of miracles but I will try to slow down." He pulled Hamish into his arms tightly. "Shall we take him to bed?"
Sherlock couldn't focus on John at the moment, his mind racing away as he planned all the violent things he would do the next time he saw Victor. It was all he could focus on. John didn't know what to do so he just kept running his hand over Sherlock. He knew this pattern. Sherlock was stuck in a cycle in his mind, but he'd... What hoped he could work miracles?... He tugged at Sherlock's sheet until he found a way to slip his fingers against Sherlock's skin using a bit of pressure to massage his shoulders, trying to coax the muscles to let go when the mind wouldn't.
"Mummy." The boy kept crying over and over again. Not being soothed by Sherlock's words at all. The child knew something was very wrong. His Mummy was bleeding and she wasn't moving anymore. He didn't know what exactly that meant but he knew it wasn't good. "Mummy!" He sobbed again. He had no idea he'd lost both his parents at the tender age of two. He didn't know his father was even in the house, having believed he was still at work. Greg helped the officers get the two assailants into police cars and then helped do a sweep of the house. Sherlock had scooped the boy up again, trying his best to soothe him with his injured arm. Greg came back down the stairs and felt Sherlock's guilt as if it was his own. The Detective's face betraying every sentimental thing he was feeling.
"If it gets to bad I can sedate you. I have enough to keep you out for three days." John whispered, cuddling Sherlock close. "We will get through this together. You aren't alone this time."
"Uncle Vic is coming?!" Hamish almost screamed.
"I know you don't. And I don't feel guilty about texting him, he's really the only person I can go to who understands you like I do." John brushed his lips over Sherlock's cheek. "If we both knew how to talk to each other properly, we wouldn't worry about each other so bloody so much." He sighed, running a hand over Sherlock's chest. "But I didn't choose the wrong lover. You're the only one I want to be with. You're my husband. I miss our time with Victor but you're my world. I can live without him, I can't live without you."
"You're just trying to get me as far away from Victor as possible," Sherlock told his brother simply. He took a bite of his food and shook his head when Mycroft started to say that wasn't the case. "Don't lie, Mycroft. I know you. You don't even like the fact that Victor knows where we live. But you need to relax. Victor has never hurt me... Well never hurt me physically anyway and I doubt he would start now. John and I are perfectly happy and safe at Baker Street." Mycroft looked somewhat furious.
"What you're just supposed to be civil and you win?" Greg asked with a chuckle and Sherlock nodded. Greg raised his eyebrow.
"Well your lack of responsiveness last night was rather concerning. Are you quite sure this is a reasonable course of action?" Mycroft sneered.
"What I ordered. Fettuccine Alfredo." He stroked his thumb over Mycroft's hand, gazing into his eyes. He was hoping he would just calm down.
. He slowly shifted, turning his back - but apparently the effort was too much too soon for his body, because he broke into a loud coughing fit. He covered his mouth, trying vainly to stop it and looking at his lover.
"Absolutely adorable." John whispered and helped Sherlock as best he could. Sherlock shook his head at the mention of being adorable. He wasn't adorable. He was anything but adorable. "You're thinking again," He whispered, seeing the look on Sherlock's face. was thinking again, wasn't he? He hadn't even noticed. John just made him forget about thinking all together. "It's alright, your mind isn't your own right now. I don't expect you to be your best." John fumbled about for the shampoo, not letting it show on his face that some movements hurt slightly. He slowly began to massage the shampoo into Sherlock's hair, as gently as he could - using the one thing he knew could calm Sherlock - himself. He Sherlock lowered his head some so it would be easier for John to reach but he kept a hand on his stomach and his eyes closed to keep from throwing up. He did not feel good at all. John's hands in his hair felt wonderful, but his whole body felt achy and sick.
"I don't think that's what he would want." John sat back, sighing softly. "I don't think he would want you to bottle up the feelings because truth be told it might make the drug cravings stronger. You're not being a dick and considering all of the things you could have done you've been rather polite." John grinned and Victor found himself grinning a bit at the comment despite himself.  "And I bet it is hard. All of this mess must be hard on you." He looked down at his hands wondering about everything. "Is there anything
"Sorry Daddy." Hamish giggled as he tried to balance a marshmallow on his nose and failed.
"That's..." Sherlock kissed him hard. "Very unhealthy. Tell me what you are feeling." He kissed down over John's jaw and onto his neck but with gentle, passionate but loving kisses instead of his usual hard, fast, 'mark him as mine' style. He was going to worship John. To remind him he was worth everything he needed. John let out a gasp at the kisses on his neck. They were so different than usual. This was tender, gentle kisses. These were the type kisses they honestly never spend enough time on. John could only recount a few times where they'd taken things slow and easy: their honeymoon, one winter by the fire in the living room, and once after a particularly bad case where John had almost lost his life. He leaned into them a soft smile on his face.
"We really should stop cuddling when he's not around like this. We're always so cuddly when he's gone." Victor said but he was giggling like an idiot just because being near John simply made him feel like he was floating. "He's going to find out we like to do this if we're not careful and it might be bad if he did." He whispered with a wicked grin.
"Greg." Mycroft said it softly but it was a bit of a warning. "We can discuss this
"Stop abusing me, for one." Sherlock snapped, his patience already worn thin. He knelt down, surveying the area. His coat billowing out behind him as he knelt down to look not at the houses themselves but the yards in front of them. "There." He said quickly and pointed to a house across the way. The door was ajar and they could hear angry shouting. "Gun out, now." He commanded and from somewhere amongst his many pockets he withdrew a pistol, tightening his grip around it. The two swept silently toward the house. Greg did a precursory check of the area noting that only one car aside from theirs was on the desolate street. When they approached the door Sherlock held up a finger, a little boy could be heard crying. Sherlock held Greg back with a hand trying to assess the scene from the voices.
"I'm sorry." He whispered, and he meant it. Being unmade sounded painful and he never intended to do that to John. He felt his cheeks warm again as he gazed into John's eyes. He didn't want to answer
"Nonsense, you look just as handsome now." He assured John moving so he could kiss his cheek. "You're just a tad softer now, a civilian soldier, and I love it just as much." He turned to look back at the pictures a smile on his face. "And I would never make you wear something like that on a case... Well not unless you wanted me to make you." He added with a wink. John blushed more and smiled, keeping his attention on the pictures.
"John, would you and Greg put together the kitchen and living room tables somewhere in the living room? There just simply isn't enough space in here for us all to eat." Sherlock kissed Hamish's forehead before sitting him down. "Mycroft and I need to get dressed before the boys arrive." Sherlock smiled.
"Uncle Gweg?" Hamish said softly, looking up at him. "Thank you for getting the bad guys with Papa." Mycroft and Sherlock had lapsed into silence for awhile and it was Sherlock who broke it.
"You looked handsome." Sherlock assured him sounding rather amused. "You calmed your hair, shaved, and looked pretty clean to me." He offered a small kiss to John's hands because it was within reach. "But I did feel it, that pull. The moment we locked eyes." His voice betrayed the same emotion John felt clawing in his chest as they talked about it. "I just... I knew that you were important. I couldn't figure out how or why, but I knew if you didn't live with me, my life would be awfully dull." He relaxed which a very noticeable thing because every tense muscle just let go. "I do remember thinking that you were handsome. I tried but I couldn't stop myself thinking that." John blushed slightly.
"I am fine." John grit his teeth. "My system is run down and I need to rest. Thank you for your concern and for buying groceries." And with that he busied himself making the toast. He made the toast how Sherlock liked it and moved to sit in the living room near him hoping the detective might be tempted to take some.
"Oh.... Oops." But Hamish was so happy he couldn't contain himself. He cuddled closer to Sherlock, fighting to keep himself from squealing.
"It'll be alright, Marius." Sherlock said softly, trying to calm the boy. But he didn't have to be a doctor to know the woman wasn't going to make it. Greg was suddenly on his knees beside them trying to help Sherlock however he could.
"God yes," he groaned as Sherlock pulled up slightly. "Yes... Master." He flushed bright red, averting his eyes.
"No, we aren't talking about cases right now. Sherlock has to have his full capabilities before he goes on any cases. He is under my care, and for now that means no cases."
Some how this chapter ended up without any smut, don't worry the next chapter will more than make up for it. We promise you.
"Get the damn trunk, Sherlock. Come on. Put it in the bedroom at the foot of the bed." Greg ordered as he walked into Sherlock's room. "We don't have all bloody day."
"Just shut up about it right now, Mycroft." Sherlock argued in the same soft stone. He didn't want to give John more reason to be stressed. As much as he wanted to shout and argue, he wouldn't. Not with John so close to having a break down. "I really don't think right now is the best time to discuss it." He continued to stroke John's back trying his best to keep him at ease until the pair were gone. "If you would like, we can discuss this later, but I really must ask you to go right now."
"I'd rather not say." Victor said and the embarrassed blush on his cheeks was very clear due to how pale he was from the drug use. "I don't have any clean clothes. All the clothes I have are in my bag and they haven't been washed in a while." He confessed as he turned his back to them and closed his eyes. He felt helpless.
lover looked like with him sunk deep inside of him. Sherlock helped him as he wrapped those long legs around himself and slowly, carefully started to push in. He wanted desperately to ravage him but he forced himself to hold back - to make their first time equated with pleasure not pain. Sherlock gasped as he felt John's length press inside him, his eyes fluttering shut as he clenched the sheets so hard he would be surprised if they remained intact and in place. It hurt but felt so utterly fantastic at the same time, it was completely different than he expected. He was gasping, panting, and trying to catch his breath. This was completely different than when he touched himself. It was incredible - sparks rolled through his body, burning the thoughts away as they went and leaving behind one thought:
." He scooted closer to John, his eyes flashing slightly. "Which isn't fair." John’s head gave another painful throb and he shook his head.
"What do you want to play with Mar?" Hamish finally asked, looking worried.
"Fuck! Fuck, fuck!" He groaned. "Master that is so good! That feels so amazing! Please don't stop, please!" Sherlock smiled as he watched John respond to his touches. John was being a perfect little soldier not moving at all, so of course Sherlock wouldn't stop. He hummed around John's length in response and gave his lover a wink as he continued to bob his head up and down. While he worked John's length he stroked his thigh. His own little way of praising him without actually saying anything. "Fuck, you are driving me mad!" He whimpered, clawing his fingers tighter into his palms. It hurt but it didn't distract him from wanting to move. "Master, I am so weak to your touch. Please..." He groaned Sherlock's name. Sherlock already had him teetering on the edge. "
"What now?" Victor growled and Sherlock gave him a smack on the thigh for snapping at him.
Now blissfully peaceful in his drug induced state he lay on his bed completely still, once again his mind was quiet. No thoughts, no deductions, just pure, blissful nothingness. John meanwhile, hailed a cab back to Baker Street and barreled through the door of the flat unceremoniously slamming the doors to downstairs shut and locking them as he entered. In effect building an angry a wall between Sherlock and the outside world. He moved angrily around the flat ensuring everything was locked and secured while trying to find Sherlock and doing his best to hide his feelings. He noted there was a light on in Sherlock's room so he moved towards the door, pausing outside it to catch his breath and still his nerves. Sherlock's eyes were closed as he enjoyed the silence of his mind, which was all jarred away when he heard the doors slam. His eyes flew open and his heart began to pound as he realized the angry thudding footfall could only belong to John.
"Oh fuck..." John whimpered as he brain registered that yes he did in fact like it, much more than he expected to. He blushed and moaned at the sound of enjoyment in Sherlock's voice, apparently he liked it too. "It's unexpected, I never expected to like being punished Master..." He groaned, his skin flushing more but trying to continue on with his words. Sherlock made him a fumbling mess and he couldn't do anything to stop it, nor did he want to. "But the sharp sudden feel of your skin contacting mine so roughly leaves a dull ache in my groin..." He tried to be as vivid as possible to put words where Sherlock might not have feelings. "It's painful but it quickly becomes pleasure, especially knowing it was delivered by
"Yeah I tried alright." Victor said with a sad smile. "Only I did everything in the world he hated to get his attention. I started dragging him to parties. Then there was the drinking.  Then the drugs. Then I talked him into doing drugs... My efforts were pretty shitty, John."
"What on earth are you doing, Myc'?" Greg asked softly, blushing when John giggled as his use of the pet name.
"Sherlock, think you have room on your lap for Marius too?" Sherlock looked suddenly a bit tense, his eyes going a bit wide. Mycroft almost laughed, but checked himself just in time to protect his brother. Sherlock was scared of holding Marius - unable to check his reaction because he was used to the fear that came with holding his own son. This was his brothers' child... That made things quite a bit more frightening.
as caring for his son and enjoying the company of friends and family around the holidays. Something Sherlock never seemed interested in before. His attention shifted to Greg, smiling more as he watched his best friend positively glowing with happiness as he watched his own husband sink into a more normal state of being. Mycroft grinned as Marius praised the pancakes and the cook before gently ruffling his hair. When he looked up and saw Greg looking at him, he blushed a bit and smiled more. Victor was in utter shock. He simply sat and stared, his mouth opened in surprise, completely taken aback by everything he was witnessing.
"You have no idea." Mycroft smirked just slightly and then chuckled when he caught her eye. She was grinning her knowing grin. She patted him on the arm and then returned downstairs. A short while later Mycroft stood from his seat on the couch and moved to the door. "Ah Matthew, perfect. You can leave it all right there on the couch." Mycroft smiled as the man brought in several large bags up to the flat. Anthea and another man were not far behind him. The three of them made six trips to the car. Mycroft surveyed the receipts that Anthea handed him and hummed in approval.
"I am far luckier than you are. What you have done for me..." He gasped as John's hands wound in his hair again. "What you have done... Is... More..." His thoughts were derailed as John tugged gently. He closed his eyes. "John..." He panted, melting against him, their hips still rocking together.
"My, you are energetic today! Perhaps we need to take you to the park and let you run around first." Sherlock suggested quickly, looking to John.
"You... You don't remember?" Victor asked with worry, he could see the emotion shifting in John and it made his own heart ache. His eyes glassed over.
"He's right though we should get some sleep. You fell because we were arguing and I grabbed you too hard. I'm not going to party anymore Sherlock. I'm going to get clean and fly straight. I'm not going to do any of that anymore." Victor whispered as he sank down on the couch next to Sherlock. It would be so easy to give in and pretend that this was all real again. His heart quivered in his chest. The thought was tempting but he remembered the look on John's face, how the ache echoed in his own heart. "Your head hurts because you fell, love." He sighed. "That's why the doctor is here. He's your friend, your good friend. What's the last thing you remember?" Sherlock moved close to Victor, resting his head on his shoulder with a sigh.
"You could have had a concussion or head trauma. I should have made you go to A&E..." He said quietly.
"It s a good thing Sherlock. I'm glad you all are so happy. You deserve it." Victor said with another warm smile.
"I'm sorry, I didn't..." Victor muttered, concern on his face. He swallowed hard and looked away.
"Rest John. After all we're getting a new edition tonight and you'll need to be well rested for Hamish's squealing in the morning." He gently carded his hands through John's hair. "Text me if you need anything and I shall come straight home."
"No, Nothing's wrong. Honestly. I'm happy." John assured him, giving him a soft kiss. He pulled away a bit of a frown on his face knowing he need to confess. To tell Sherlock that something really was wrong. "I have a bit of a headache. And no, I wasn't pretending to be healthy. I just thought I would be okay after a while but it’s getting worse. I think yesterday's brawl is finally starting to catch up with me." John closed his eyes for a moment, "I'll be okay though." Sherlock's fingers fluttered here and there checking over every inch of John that he could reach. He checked his skull for swelling, his eyes, his pulse again, his temperature, everywhere he could. Concern clearly written on his face.
"Me? Jumpers?" Sherlock asked, his face screwing up at the thought. "I don't think jumpers were made for me." He said simply, smiling at John. He moved a bit closer his lips hovering near his ear. "Maybe I'll wear one of yours around the flat though. Maybe it and nothing else." He whispered into his ear, leaving a gentle kiss before he pulled away. John went slightly pink and Sherlock grinned. At the suggestion about his coat collar he turned it up swiftly and gave John a challenging stare before he took John's hand again and held it tightly. "We're getting a cab. A nice, warm, heated cab." He said playfully but with a stern edge to his voice. Sherlock flagged down a cab and once one finally stopped for them, He let go of John's hand so he could open the door for him. "After you, John."
