(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly, Dean felt his body crash into Castiel’s own. Cas had abruptly stopped walking, which Dean only realized too late.
“Thanks,” Dean said quietly once he was standing, looking Cas in the eyes and offering him a grateful smile as he did so.
Cas’ voice shook, it sounded raw. He could still feel the tears pooling in his eyes and spilling down his cheeks.
Castiel sighed. “If you would just let me finish.”
With only a few feet between him and his room, Dean thought maybe he should call out to Cas, so as not to startle him by his sudden presence.
“It’s fine, just… are you alright? You’ve been acting weird.”
“Oh, sorry about that then…” Dean looked away from Cas, a bit embarrassed.
“Well I appreciate the support, Sam, but I can assure you that everything is fine. I’m just grateful to be back.”
“W-what?” he stuttered out.
“Balthazar.”
chair.
Eileen looked at him, a stern look in her eyes. He could tell that she was not going to waver.
“Let’s just wash up a bit first and then we’ll get the egg shell out, okay?”
“You think I don’t know that?” Dean nearly yelled out, clearly frustrated over the bites and giving Cas yet another reason to be smug.
“Well, goodnight,” Castiel spoke before turning around, preparing to stand up.
Jack looked away again, guilt flashing across his face, he knew Cas was right, he had to make it up to Sam and Dean somehow. He had just abandoned them there, even if he had told them he was never really gone, it still wouldn’t be the same for them. They lost half of their family in those past few weeks, first Cas and then him. He knew that he would need to try and make it up to them, one way or another, but he also knew that he couldn’t do it alone. He needed help. He needed Cas’ help.
“Yes, but Mary, you have to promise me that you won’t tell your husband.”
to him. He was always around, he even followed him into the bathroom once, which seemed to be a surprise to them both.
Cas pulled back from Dean then, one hand on his shoulder now. He could feel the tears wetting his cheeks, but he didn’t care if Dean saw them. It wasn't a weakness to show emotion. He looked Dean in the eyes again as he spoke.
That seemed to break Cas out of his trance, shaking his head and not meeting Dean’s eyes. Before he could say anything, the door opened and in walked Sam, hands carrying coffee.
No injuries seemed to be as serious as the one Dean had suffered, at least those sustained externally. For the most part, it was all cuts and bruises, but for those who’d been there the longest, had begun to feel the effects of a lack of food and water.
, who doesn’t bring bug spray when they’re going into the wilderness for an entire day?”
He didn’t know what to say, he was too close already and Cas was speeding up, it was becoming more and more intense. Cas’ movements becoming rougher and more chaotic. Dean was having a hard time not just flipping them over and taking that angel, but he knew Cas would not be very happy about that. He didn’t want to risk Cas becoming unhappy and subsequently, punishing Dean for his actions. Dean couldn’t handle it if Cas decided not to let him come, or if he decided to make Dean wait. Dean could not wait, not this time at least. He needed Cas, he needed this and he was not going to screw it up for himself.
Dean said this before he could even register what he was saying, but thankfully Sam and Jack hadn’t seemed to notice, as Jack was already asking Sam to help him put it on top of the tree. Cas, however, was looking straight at Dean, eyes widened slightly, and a small smile on his lips.
Trying to distract himself from whatever this was that he started, his mind started to wander. It didn’t wander far though, really only to the back seat of the car and what was sitting precariously in the middle of the seat. It was that fucking bag that Cas had brought. Where did he even get it from? It didn’t look new, he could tell that much. It was a dark blue colour, with a few loose threads here and there. He could see it had been worn down a little. Maybe he had borrowed it from Eileen or something, he sure as hell knew that it didn’t belong to Sam or him.
“Cas…?” Dean asked this time, his voice becoming more serious, losing the humour that had filled it previously. “What’s wrong?”
Cas was the one to remove his lips from Dean this time, a smirk on his face and he licked his lips for a moment while looking directly into Dean’s eyes. Then he reached down, hand gripping at the waistband of Dean’s boxers, waiting for him to lift his ass up slightly so he could get them off him fully. He got down to his knees then, looking up at Dean who was watching him, lip between his teeth, just waiting to see what Cas would do next.
Dean knew that voice, but why was it so close by. Then his surroundings came into clearer view and he tilted his face up, being greeted by a gentle smile from a blue-eyed angel. His gaze then travelled back down to where his head was resting, lifting it up so he could see properly. His eyes widened as he realized that he had been basically laying on top of Cas, with his head resting on Cas’ thigh and one hand had been gripping the angels.
“Don’t you dare come back.”
"That doesn't mean there aren’t any around anymore. Just think about it, the area and the timing both seem right. Didn't Jody say the last time that happened here was 27 years ago?"
Castiel’s dick twitched at the sight, his eyes unable to move away from the man standing before him in his fucking panties. He felt as if he were dreaming, praying that if he really was, that no one would disturb him. Ever.
When his first creation stood before him, he smiled, so proud of himself. He did it. It took a few minutes for the new angel to become conscious, he was a bit worried at first, but then he reminded himself that Chuck told him it was normal.
This was followed by a distinct smacking sound.
He’d spent too long shutting Sam out, Sam didn’t deserve that.
“Tradition?”
“I know… and I- I'm trying... I even-” Cas looked down again. “I even told him how I feel and nothing… nothing happened.”
Dean felt a finger prod at the outside of his rim, he clenched at first, not used to the sensation.
“Yes, Dean?”
“I also probably wouldn’t have made it through the past year without you. When I lost my grace, I was so broken, but you found me and you helped me put all the pieces back together. You made me realize that having all that power and strength wasn’t the only thing I was good for, that it didn’t define me. You showed me that I deserved so much more and that I deserved to be loved, that I deserved your love.”
“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you,” Dean said with a chuckle.
"No, you're not gonna clean them by yourself, I still remember how you almost flooded the whole bunker. I'm gonna do it."
He wanted to go to Sam, to tell him that Cas was back, that it would be okay, that they shouldn’t give up hope, but he didn’t, he
“Okay.”
“Jack. You wanted my help to build a heaven that they could be at peace in, so I’m telling you this. If John Winchester is here, then this will never be heaven for Dean or even for Sam.”
, but could we maybe move somewhere more comfortable?”
Things were getting more heated this time, as Cas parted his lips and swept his tongue against Dean’s lips for the second time that day. Dean eagerly opened his mouth, granting access to Cas, allowing him to explore his mouth.
“Are you sure, you sound a little strange.”
“Thank you.”
“Woah, woah, woah. Cas, calm down. I didn’t
“Oh… what do you mean by not doing too great?” Cas asked, pressing for further information.
Anything that Castiel was going to say was cut short before he could even get it out as Jack came rushing at him, enveloping him in a hug. It was so tight. It felt as if Jack was worried that if he let go, that Cas would just disappear and in that moment, he knew how much pain he must’ve caused Jack. He was the closest thing he had to a real father, and he just left him. Sure he had Sam and Dean, but he knew that it wasn’t the same. He and Jack had a bond that was different than what he had with Sam or Dean. He understood Jack in ways they could not, he knew what it was like to be an angel and the things that came with that. Sam and Dean couldn’t understand what it was like to have that kind of power, they also weren’t always the best at using their words so Cas had to try his best to explain this to Jack and why sometimes, Dean especially, got so angry about something Jack didn’t understand.
“Cas, please.” He whined out.
He likes women.
Dean broke away to take a breath, he couldn’t breathe.
What confused him next were the tears he felt forming in his eyes, they weren’t his tears because this wasn’t his pain, but at the same time, they were. They were Dean’s tears, they were there because of Dean‘s pain, the pain that Cas was now feeling, the utter brokenness Castiel felt inside of him, the emptiness. Cas couldn’t tell where Dean’s pain ended and his own started, it was all a blur.
“I uh, I guess it just slipped my mind…”
“Well, even if you don’t want my help, you are human now, meaning that you will die one day. One would probably assume that your soul would be going to hell when that happens, but if not, and heaven falls, then your soul will just be left wondering the Earth for all eternity. You would never find peace.”
Cas looked back up at Dean’s face, his eyes still wide, like a deer caught in the headlights, as he noticed a slight blush paint its way across the hunter’s cheeks, subtle, yet still there.
Dean’s eyebrows knitted together in confusion. “What sound?”
“Looks like I made a mess…” he trailed off, glazing down at the now completely soaked panties. “Guess I better clean it up.”
“Hey… it’s okay,” Cas pulled him into a hug then, holding onto the hunter tightly as he felt the sobs wracking his body.
“Seriously?”
Dean pulled his head slowly away from Cas’, chuckling as he did so.
“Well, I guess I’d gotten used to being stuck with broken wings…” Cas said sadly, but before Dean could even think of something to say, Cas continued. “And besides, I haven’t really had the opportunity to fly or needed to since I returned.
“Yes I do but- well I don’t know if her randomly getting a call from my phone would be the best idea. What if it freaks her out or she doesn’t believe it's really me? I was hoping that maybe you could give her a call- with your phone of course, and maybe let her know that I’m back and that I wanted to talk to her…?”
“Alright,” Cas responded simply.
Dean looked at Sam, the two of them exchanging a confused look, before Sam spoke, trying to lighten the mood.
“You do know I can still smite people.”
“Yes, I can’t see that, but why? Were you trying to replace me?”
“Maybe I should be calling you the meat man, as well, huh,” Dean chuckled.
It was late, just after 3:00am when Sam had woken up to use the bathroom. He stumbled out of bed and was heading for the door when he heard a noise. It seemed to be muffled slightly by his door, so he slowly reached his hand out to turn the door handle, his door opening with a creek.
“I’m fine, Jody, everything’s great.” He really did mean it too, unlike so many times before when he lied through his teeth while speaking those exact same words. “How’s everything going there?”
“Like I said, I don’t mind, Dean. Why don’t we go find Sam and Jack, I’m sure you’re hungry and dinner should be ready soon.”
Rusty thought, Rusty couldn’t stand it, they were so close, yet so far away. He was so close to achieving his life’s dream, but it was snatched away, or so he thought...
“Dude, I have a freaking former soldier of God as my backup. It’s fine. Besides, we’d probably be done by the time you were here.”
Dean walked over to the fridge and cracked it open. He was taken aback at first when he opened it to see it flooded with food. Amongst the usual things, there was a wide selection of fruit spread across the shelves. Dean slowly went to grab the rest of the bacon and the eggs.
“So, what you’re saying is that it’s just a big gender reset button in hell?”
“It’s alright,” Cas stepped in, looking at the woman. “No need to apologize, just a simple misunderstanding.”
A light flush painted Cas cheeks at that, feeling a bit embarrassed at the way he’d completely shut out what was going on around him. “Sorry…”
Cas placed hot, open mouth kisses over the bulge of Dean’s pants, while Dean writhed beneath him, pleading Cas to stop teasing and just touch him.
Then his gaze shifted to the angel on the other side of him, his eyes meeting Castiel’s.
“Dean…” Castiel started, his hand now replacing the spot where his own hands had just been. Dean’s eye’s fluttered shut, just for a moment, as he felt Castiel’s thumb brushed away the last of the tears. “Are you alright?”
He slowed for a brief moment, just to prepare himself before he opened the door.
This must’ve been going on for a few minutes because Dean was feeling out of breath now and was getting even more confused by the second.
Reassuring Castiel that John would certainly be treated be hell’s best, she pulled him away, one hand on his arm.
He bent down after finding one, but then, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye. He did a double-take, feeling curious, but it was hard to make out as he was several meters away from the mysterious object. He squinted through the bushes, and yet he still wasn’t sure what it was that he was seeing, but he figured it was worth investigating.
The likelihood of Cas even returning Dean’s feelings was slim, especially since he was an angel. Angels weren’t built for emotions, for love. At least not in the same way that humans were. Could Cas even want a relationship?
“Well… I’m not really sure if Jack really wanted me to say much about this but I guess he’s not here. So, before I came here, back to you and uh, and Sam, I was in heaven, which you already knew. But I was there for longer than I let on. With all the angels that had returned, there was a lot to be done, along with a few changes that Jack had wanted to make to heaven.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“This is the least I could do for you after all that you gave me. You never gave up on me, Cas. Even when the world was screaming at you to do just that, you never did. You always believed in me and I’m so grateful that you did.”
As he rushed out of the kitchen and to the stairs leading to the bunker’s door, he felt hopeful for just a few moments, because maybe if Cas was back, everything could be okay. As long as Cas was back, everything would be okay. They might not have had an actual plan for defeating Chuck, but with Cas back, that almost didn’t matter to Dean, not right now anyways, they’d figure it out, together.
was he even here?
He thought he was actually quite sneaky here, being all ninja-like. A sense of pride swelled in his chest before he realized he was on a mission. Mission: find out why the fuck Cas is acting like this.
“Care to elaborate?” Dean asked exasperatedly when John didn’t continue, his hand splaying out in frustration.
Cas sounded worried, with his brow furrowed as he looked Dean in the eyes.
“Really, and how do you know I didn’t choose this? That I’m not perfectly fine like this?”
"Wait, so you wanna tell me that if I'm not
“Maybe that’s why he was always gone for so long, why he sent me on that first case with the nuns all by myself… I don’t know, I just knew back then that I had to do what he said. If he said something was evil and needed to be killed, then it had to be done, I had to do it, no questions asked, even if I didn’t want to, even if I didn’t understand why it was so bad.”
“Okay, just a sec.”
Dean just stared at Cas for a moment, trying to determine if he was really kidding or not.
“Dean, are you alright in there?”
Castiel certainly seemed to snap back into reality quite quickly. Before Dean was even able to turn off his annoying phone or even take it from his pocket, Cas was fleeing the room and out of Dean’s sight.
Cas offered Dean a soft smile and then took the few steps over to it, letting himself take a seat on the chair,
When they got to the store, both of them got out of the car, but not before Dean reached around to the back seat to grab the bags that Sam had insisted on him using. After listening to Sam ramble on about all the benefits of using reusable bags he gave in, if not only to get him to stop talking so he could leave.
“Well, yes… I guess it really is about Dean. Seems that’s what it’s always about.”
Sam stood up, basket in hand and started walking away again when Dean called out to him.
“Okay, so what’s the plan, what’re we making?”
you while you were gone? Why? Did he leave any messages?”
“I didn’t call him a bear, just bear-like. There’s a difference.”
Dean didn’t know what else to say so he got up out of bed and headed to the bathroom to have a shower.
Hearing those words meant that Dean couldn’t allow himself to deny that he was loved, even on his darkest days. He had heard them from Cas, he had felt every bit of love that Cas had felt, had felt it from his words, the meaning he put into those words, and in that moment there was no kidding himself with who they were meant for. Him. Only him. It wasn’t like those other times when Dean believed or tried to tell himself that Cas was speaking to everyone, Sam, Mary and Dean. But now Dean saw it, he really saw it. He knew what Cas meant back then. It was always meant for Dean, it was always directed at Dean, but Dean was too stupid and doubtful to see it.
Cas hung up the phone. His call with Claire went pretty well he thought, at least as well as it could’ve gone. He couldn’t shake what she had said about Dean from his head though. She said Dean was crying, that he had worried everyone. Dean showing emotions like that, especially outside of him and Sam was quite rare, so this seemed to be cause for concern. He’ll just have to add it to the list of things he wanted to find out more about.
Dean looked up again, a little surprised by Cas’ offer. He hadn’t stayed with Dean like this in a long time. It felt like a lifetime ago when Dean would wake up, startled to see the angel hovering above him, watching as he slept. He found it a bit weird back then, but in a strange way, he also found it calming, reassuring even. He felt safe.
Chuck's interest seemed to be sparked by this, so Jack continued.
Dean must’ve noticed too, the sporadic movements of Cas’ body, the extremely heavy breathing, the way his eyes had twisted shut. Dean knew that Cas was close and he didn’t mind, not at all, in fact, he practically dared him to come, with only a whisper in his ear.
The sounds coming from Dean were almost too much for Cas, all this pleasure it was causing him, was trapped inside his own, too-tight pants. Cas needed to release the pressure, it was becoming unbearable, and he needed to focus his attention on Dean. Cas released his mouth from his pants, much to Dean’s disapproval, and got up, going as fast as he could to get his pants off.
“G’night, Cas,” Dean said back, feeling himself start to drift off, it was almost 2:00 am now after all.
An awkward chuckle escaped his mouth. “Can you believe… she really thought that- that we…” Dean trailed off when he saw Cas’ gaze shift towards the ground, avoiding Dean’s eyes. “I mean, I didn’t mean that that would be a bad thing- I just uh, nevermind.”
“What kind of changes?” Dean asked curiously.
“Okay. Let's just go put this other one back then we can get going.”
Strawberries, raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, grapes, they all littered the fridge. When Dean turned around, he also saw some cut up pineapple, bananas, chocolate and a few cans of mandarain oranges on the counter.
“C-Cas?”
“Don’t try to deny it, it’s not going to work,” Cas rubbed his face, “ Look, I don’t know why in that moment that’s what I felt, but I- when I raised you from hell… I rebuilt you, piece by piece, cell by cell, and somewhere along the way, somehow after that tedious process, a part of me, became a part of you. I think… that part found a way to reach out to me without you knowing, only partly under your control. I think it was just trying to help.”
Sam seemed to realize that he should say something, that the silence couldn’t last.
“No no Cas, that’s not what I-“
Jack sighed, “There’s still a few things that I need to take care of before I can really remove myself. I’m glad you’re back, Cas. I really am, I wanted to get you out, I swear I was trying but I wasn’t able to yet, I- I didn’t know how…”
“Goodnight Dean.”
With a huff, he got up from his bed, setting down the bottle of whiskey on his bedside table and walking to the door. He opened it cautiously, just in case Sam was waiting for him or something.
Sam shot Dean a look, but Dean just ignored it.
He shifted in his chair, readjusting his trenchcoat across his body, feeling Dean’s eyes jump back to him at the sudden movement.
Dean froze. He dropped his phone in the process out of pure shock. There stood at the foot of his bed was his angel. Dean couldn’t breathe, he couldn’t think, he couldn’t move.
“No, who the hell is this? It isn’t funny!”
“Hey, I wasn’t the only one who had their head in their ass…”
When his eyes returned back to Castiel’s own, he noticed that they were no longer meeting his own, and that was entirely Dean’s fault. Well, partly. Apparently, he had involuntarily begun to bite his own lip when his eyes wandered and Cas had not missed a thing. Slowly, Cas’ gaze made its way back up towards his eyes.
Cas reached out a hand to Jack’s shoulder, catching his gaze, “I’m here now. It’s okay.”
Well, that was fun. I love Balthazar so there was no way I wasn’t going to bring him back. He 100% deserved more screen time. Also, I'm sorry but no I could not resist slipping a little Cowboy Cas is here again because reasons.
He just laid against the table as Cas basically slammed into him, not holding anything back. He tried to use his arms to support himself a little, but every time he got a grip, the force of the angel would unbalance him. Eventually, he gave up, just letting his cheek lay flat on the table, feeling the angel’s thrusts getting more sporadic as he went.
It was loud, and his basket fell to the floor, causing everything to fall out.
They had made a whole day out of decorating the bunker. The library had a tree sitting alongside a bookshelf, decorated with lights, tinsel, and a whole bunch of ornaments that they’d gone out and bought together, letting Jack pick out the best ones. They had almost left the store, when something had caught Dean’s eye. It was this little angel tree topper, he wasn’t sure why exactly it caught his eye, but it did, and something about it made him smile. He grabbed it quickly before they left the store and decided to surprise everyone with it once they’d decorated the tree.
Dean felt the tears starting to swell in his eyes as he looked down at the floor, anywhere but at Sam.
On another note, midterms are starting up for me this week so I won’t be posting this weekend and my next update will be on Valentine’s day weekend (and instead of chocolate you all get a very therapeutic chapter). I wanna say that this will be the only 2 week gap, but if it’s not then I’m sorry but it would only be like 4 updates max at a rate like this before I resume my weekly updates. Uni is kicking my ass right now and I need to stop falling behind because of my writing. Oops.
“No, sorry, but I can keep an eye out for it.”
“Shut up,” Dean mumbled.
“Castiel, are you in love with my son?”
, but come on Cas, I’m not a kid, I can take care of myself without you babysitting me.”
“I have a bit of a confession to make… When Jack came to see me, he told me a few things that I didn’t mention. He might have told me what happened between you and Dean before you died, and a few other things that Sam had recently told him…”
they don't kill their victims right away, well, most of the time.. So, if I just go willingly, then it won't even hurt me."
“I know and it's understandable that you still care about him in some way. I’m sure he wasn’t always like this… I guess one thing we’ll always have in common is understanding complicated relationships with fathers.”
The journey was exhausting, but Cas knew it was well worth it. Both for sending John to where he truly belonged and the chance for him to see Rowena again. The latter he was a little nervous about though. He just hoped she didn’t notice anything about him that was different like she did last time. She was very observant, nothing seemed to get by her.
“Cas, I’m sorry, I know that it’s not what you want, but I thought it would be the best thing for everybody. I thought- I still think that it’s best if I’m not involved with things.”
Poking out from under the considerable-sized pile of clothes on Dean’s bed was something that looked like a cord. Starting to feel a swell of accomplishment, Cas walked towards the bed to get a closer look, fairly certain that this was what he had been searching for.
His body was spent, needing this time to just rest, but eventually, the feeling of the now cooling stickiness in his boxers had him coming back to reality. With an annoyed groan, he used his grace to clean himself up before standing up once more, doing his pants back up. He took another minute in the bathroom before finally deciding to leave the little private bubble that was the bathroom and head back into the room where his best friend laid sleeping, unaware of what he had just done.
“Okay,” Cas replied quietly. He seemed different, his voice sounded small and vulnerable, it wasn’t something Dean was used to hearing in the angel. He felt a little bad.
“Can anyone hear me? Please! I need your help, I need- someone please!”
Another song started playing. Cas was dead still as it started. If the other songs hadn’t registered in Dean what these songs meant, then surely this one would give it all away. Cas couldn’t have written a better song than this if he tried.
Jack had a good point there and he knew Chuck knew it.
“Guess you should’ve brought bug repellant…”
“Everything’s going good.”
“He does this a lot. Most nights I wake up and I hear him,” Jack said quietly.
"That's exactly how it's gonna go, man. As soon as I'm in their nest, you'll sense that I'm not moving anymore, right? So you're gonna haul ass and be there in no time. Then you cut the ropes, we kill that thing, done. It’ll take a few hours tops."
Cas shook himself out of it, he needed to focus on what they were doing. They were doing something nice for their family and he didn’t want to ruin that.
isn’t the time, that thing could be back at any moment and I don’t really wanna be stuck up here when that happens.”
“No problem,” Sam turned around to start walking out of the room, before turning his head back to Cas one last time. “Just let me know if you change your mind.”
Eileen told them a bit about the case she was on as they all dug into the food. It was nothing too crazy, just a simple haunting in Iowa. She did let slip out though that she had been gone for four days, something that caught Cas’ attention immediately. If she had been gone for four days, then why hadn’t Dean noticed she was gone or that she was on a case? It didn’t seem like the time to bring it up though, and he also didn’t want to interrupt Eileen. He made a mental note to ask Dean about it later.
Cas let out a sigh of relief, “I just- I didn’t- I thought maybe you might have some regrets over this, it all just happened so fast and I-”
Cas cut in this time. “We just need to know what happened that night, if you could just walk us through it as best as you can. We know it won’t be easy, and you might not remember-”
“Cas, just- just get inside me already,” he panted.
Sighing, he decided maybe it wouldn’t hurt and if Cas didn’t want to talk about it, he could just say so, right? At least it would break this damn silence between them. Honestly, he would've given anything to break it. It was driving him nuts and they still had a little over seven hours left in the drive. There was no way in hell he could survive that long in here with no talking. Also, if the silence didn’t end here, when would it? Would it just continue once they’d found a motel and for the rest of the night as they did a bit more research about the case? Would it continue till the next morning? God, he didn’t want that, he just needed Cas to talk to him, to
Although Dean would never admit it to Sam, these bags were actually quite handy. He didn’t have to pay for all those shitty plastic bags or worry about them breaking if he filled them too heavily. Plus, the handle was a lot nicer to hold onto with the fabric instead of the plastic thinning out and digging into his hand or arm. Maybe he could get behind using them… maybe.
Cas could tell that he was close, so fucking close, so he reached down between them, wrapping one hand around Dean’s leaking cock, giving him just that little push he needed to send him over the edge and coming between them, similar to what Cas had done earlier on that very table. The eventuality of Dean’s orgasm had him clenching down on Cas as he did so and then Cas wasn’t able to hold back either, spilling his load inside of Dean’s ass, as his sporadic movements continued as he rode out his orgasm.
Dean eyed his friend for a moment, but then he nodded with a quiet sigh.
That was all the warning Cas had gotten, before Dean was shooting white, hot spurts all over his chest and Cas’ hand as he stroked him through his orgasm.
“You have a family now, Dean. A real family that loves you for who you are, not for what we think you could do for us or what we want you to do for us. I- We love you. All of us.”
"Just make sure your grace doesn't get up my ass," he mumbled with his mouth still full, too afraid to look up. He could hear a little huff then, which sounded a bit like a quiet laugh before he could feel a tingling sensation on his right butt cheek, which made him jump immediately.
The amount of utter shock and fear he felt when he opened that door was completely unexpected. Dean was devastated, it wasn’t Cas. Cas was still dead. He felt his heart shatter once again, but it was worse this time, so much worse. This time he had dared to hope, to dream. He dreamt of that moment that he saw Cas in the doorway, how badly he needed to hold him, he dreamt of saying those words back to him, hoped that Cas still felt the same way, still meant what he said. He had hoped for a future, one with Cas. This was the biggest mistake Dean could have made.
"Dean, actually I can-"
“We’re not giving it yet another advantage by letting it hunt when it’s most comfortable. We also still need to be sure that’s what it is. We’ll get more information about the missing campers and where they were supposed to be camped out tomorrow. Plus, you drove all the way here, you need some rest."
When he glanced back up at Cas’ eyes, he noticed a dark look had appeared, something he had not expected to see.
Dean didn’t know how much longer he was going to last, Cas had hardly touched him and he felt like he was going to explode. He couldn’t take it anymore.
A few hours and two gas stops later, he was so close, maybe ten minutes away and he still had no idea what he would say or do when he got there. In almost no time, he was on the road leading to the bunker, and then there it was. He could see it.
Quickly, Cas stood up, pulling the chair that had been so inconveniently placed with him. His eyes, flashing back to the sliver of red as it disappeared with Dean’s movements.
“Hey…” Dean said as he leaned over into Cas, brushing their lips together, “What’s going on?”
“And did it help?”
“I didn’t choose to be here, okay? Now, will you just cut me down from here already?”
Once the food was just about ready, they heard voices coming from the hallway, Sam and Eileen were finally awake.
“What? No, he’s going to-”
In Cas and Dean walked, following Roger to the living room, watching as he then left the room. They sat there, waiting for him to return.
“Damn right I am,” Dean said, placing a quick kiss to Cas’ lips, before heading back into the kitchen.
After Dean had talked to Sam about what had happened, things started to become slightly better. He was able to manage it all a bit better and he felt comfortable talking to Sam again if he needed to. He even managed to stop himself from calling Cas’ phone again.
Cas’s head shot up, looking at Dean hopefully. “Really?"
“I wouldn’t be who I am today if it weren’t for you. You- you taught me what it was like to care, to care about everyone. You taught me how to love. None of this, nothing in the world would be here if it wasn’t for you and your ability to love so fiercely.”
“But, Dean I wanted to-I wanted to do this for you...for all of you. It was going to be a surprise...”
” he groaned out, “I want- I want you to fuck me.”
“Okay fine, just like, go sit down or something. Over there.” Dean said gesturing to the armchair that was only about five feet away and still facing his bed. “You don’t need to stand right there, do you? You’re gonna give me a heart attack, man.”
“Okay, Cas…”
With that, the conversation was over, for now at least, but neither one could stop the questions that were racing around their heads. There were so many things each wanted to say, to ask, but couldn’t. Not tonight. Both of them stayed silent for the rest of the night, lost in their own heads, in words unspoken. Both of them left to wonder about what the answers might be, if it could be what they hoped or something completely different.
Cas tilted his head to the side a little and brought his mouth right up against Dean’s ear, lips brushing lightly.
“Oh.”
“H-hello?”
Together they all worked to finish off dinner, assembling the burgers once everything was done.
Dean narrowed his eyes at Sam, pointing his spatula in his direction as he spoke.
Looking at the photo now, he still didn’t love the hat, but it wasn’t as bad as he remembered. He still wasn’t really sure why, out of all the photos Dean must’ve had, that this was the one he chose to put as the background. He wasn’t even sure why the photo was of himself. Part of him wanted to ask Dean about it but part of him also didn’t. He wasn’t sure if Dean would even want him to know it was here.
He had finally had enough of this. Dean was tired of waiting, he needed Cas and he needed him now.
“It’s fine, I’ve survived with less,” Dean spoke gruffly as he slowly sat up, stretching his arms out as he did so. “So, what do you wanna do first?”
Dean didn’t have long to dwell on these thoughts though, he didn’t have the time. When he saw the face of who was really greeting him, the face of another angel who he presumed was long dead, who he thought was going to stay dead.
That day they caught a break in the case, when Sam had left early that morning it was to follow up on a lead. They were pretty certain they knew who one of the wolves were, it was a man they had spoken to on their first day there. He was a local, Tommy Davis, and worked at the restaurant they went to for dinner the first night. Sam had stopped by the restaurant early to find out more about him and was told that he had called in sick the past two days. He had managed to get the man’s address. They weren’t sure how many people he lived with, but his manager was sure that he was living with some family.
“Hey, Mary! I’m back!” A deep voice called into the house, a few moments later, the figure that it belonged to came into view with another not far behind.
After a few minutes, Dean heard Castiel mutter a quick goodbye to Sam before hanging up. He could also hear when Cas’ footsteps grew louder as he walked back towards the nightstand to return Dean’s phone.
Cas takes a sharp intake of air and nods, so Dean closes his eyes and slowly leans in, trying to ignore any thoughts he might have about why this is a bad idea.
Cas gave him a smile as well, “Your angel, always your angel…”
They didn’t only gather angels though, there were a few demons too, not many, and to be more specific there were only two, but hell if those two didn’t matter. Crowley and Meg, he couldn’t forget about them, both had sacrificed themselves for him and the Winchesters, they weren’t completely consumed with hate or evil like most other demons, they had some good parts to them too. They did look slightly out of place though amongst the hoards of angels and Castiel had to be careful. He tried to keep them away from the majority of angels, in fear that some would not agree with this one choice, but they had done much for him, how could he not try to repay them. He also knew that he could count on them to help, even if Crowley may have only done it for selfish reasons, or at least, that’s all he would admit to. Meg, on the other hand, had shown such kindness and care for him on Earth, and he would never forget it.
Cas wished Dean could be like that all the time. Just happy. Not having to feel the weight of the world on his shoulders.
“M-Merry Christmas, Dean.”
“‘s been a while…”
Castiel, fortunately, didn’t ask what he was thanking him for, instead, all he offered in return was a soft smile and a quick, “Of course,” before standing up and walking over to the nearby chair, content to sit there, reading a book for the rest of the night. How he did so in the fucking dark still amazed Dean, but he knew better than to question an angel about seeing in the dark.
Cas hesitantly pressed the answer call button, bringing it to his ear, not sure of what to say and still entirely confused. He heard a breath hitch on the other end. Cas spoke after a few too many moments of silence.
Without warning the clown had shoved Dean onto Rusty. The clown had hurt Dean, but it also made Rusty's deepest wish come true, to finally nail the eldest Winchester.
to eat in the kitchen before he starved because apparently, they were overdue for a supply run. Having already checked the fridge and freezer and was halfway through looking through the cupboards when he heard a strangled sound coming from behind him. He’d been reaching up, feeling around the top shelf of one such cupboard when he’d heard it.
Sam makes a face, “Okay, Dean that’s disgusting, don’t encourage Jack to be like you.”
“Cas.. please. Need to feel you…”
Cas had enough to deal with and Dean shouldn’t complicate things or pressure him after all that he’d gone through. There were also other important matters to attend to, such as
All sensible thoughts were slowly fading away until he was left with only one thing. A strong sense of desire. Damn, he really,
Dean had been so adamant upon him wearing it, saying that they needed to blend in, that the local police wouldn’t trust them or something if he didn’t wear it. Cas to say the least, wasn’t convinced, yet there he sat in the Impala as Dean plopped this hat on his head. He hadn’t even needed to see himself in the hat to know how ridiculous he looked and Dean had even agreed after examining it, which really didn’t help with his embarrassment.
Dean was grateful to finally head to sleep after that. The day had been strange. Cas had been hanging off his every more, even more so than he had been doing the past few days, but it was now also a bit awkward. Dean didn’t know how to act around him after last night and this morning's events. He had basically been laying on top of the angel, and Cas hadn’t done anything about it. He just let Dean latch onto him in his sleep and hold on for dear life without a single complaint.
“I- four thousan-”
“So, you don’t have it on all the time then…? Just at night?”
“Oh um, here I’ll help you.”
“I don’t like the idea of us being bait. And besides, what do we just hope that it finds us and maybe we kill it before it kills you and then what about the people it’s taken? We’ve better off protecting ourselves until it shows and then hopefully, it’ll give up once it realizes it can’t get to us and we can track it back to its hideout and deal with it there.”
It felt like they had been screaming for ages when finally they heard another noise, a slurping, gurgling sound and then they saw the morphing of a black gooey liquid. It screamed at them, pleading for them to stop, begging them to stop. It couldn’t handle all this noise. They were torturing the ancient cosmic being, causing it to writhe in pain. Then, they halted, each one of them becoming silent as Castiel took a few steps toward the being, breaking away from the group.
A small smile formed on Dean’s face, “Y-Yeah, of course. Stay as long as you like.”
“Hey, guys I’m-”
Cas looked uncertain, “I, I’ll do my best.”
As always thank you for the kudos and the comments! I love hearing from you guys!
“I’m not-”
A little awkwardly, Dean reached out to hand the book and then pencil back to Cas, offering up a reassuring smile as he did so as to make sure Cas didn’t think he was upset about the drawing.
“Just- just leave whatever it is outside and go.”
“Is there a reason she would mention anything about you?” Cas questioned back, while not really answering his question.
he was being pressed against a wall. Cas was there, face inches away, he could feel his breath on his lips. His earlier anger melted away as he looked into those ocean blue eyes. They both just stood there quietly for a minute, just staring into each other’s eyes, getting lost in each other's gaze.
“D- Dean, I didn’t- what-“ Cas finally tried to speak. Not doing a very good job of it though. The words were broken, his voice was low and hoarse and god would Dean have loved to hear his voice like that in a completely different situation, one that required less awkwardness and fewer clothes, but that was not where they were and that was not what was happening.
Dean really hadn’t thought of it like that, but how could he have? And he’d be lying if he said that he wasn’t starting to tear up a bit. I mean, what was he supposed to do after just sitting here, listening to Cas pour out his soul. Those drawings, they were a piece of Cas, not one that anyone was ever meant to see, yet Dean had just invaded that privacy without even asking. I mean he couldn’t really have asked back then, but that wasn’t the point.
“Sure, we wouldn’t want you to die early from some disease here or from being malnourished.”
“We’re here… since apparently, you hadn’t noticed. God, it took me like five minutes to get your attention.”
“Mornin’ Cas...or uhh should I say Merry Christmas.”
Cas looks at Mary with pleading eyes.
“Shut up, Dean,” Cas commanded as he gripped Dean tight and raised him off of Rusty. Dean gasped, feeling the pain, feeling the blood, feeling everything seem to shift and want to flood out of his body.
He did keep an eye on his though, for any signs as to what could be bothering him. If he hadn’t, he would’ve missed the way Cas pulled his coat tighter around his body. Maybe, he was just embarrassed about the mess... Dean was about to mention it, but Cas was faster.
Sam was starting to see further changes in Dean. He thought that it had pained him when he had started to get used to finding Dean passed out drunk, sometimes having to help him up when he couldn’t even stand without assistance, and half carry him to his bed.
It was fairly quiet on the walk back, aside from the small discussion that they all had regarding what they’d need to tell the authorities about what happened. They decided to keep their stories similar to what was already assumed about the attacks since it’d make everyone more willing to believe it. They’d say that a bear got into their campsite or wherever they were at the time and in their escape, got lost in the woods without any gear. Eventually, they’d found other people and that’s when they managed to find their way back.
By the time they were done putting everything in its place, Dean was feeling a bit hungry. He really could go for a good burger right about now, so the only option seemed to be to make one. Sure, it would take some time to do it from scratch but the taste to come was one that was well worth it. Off he went, set on his mission to make some burgers, wanting to make enough for everyone.
“You,” he said bluntly, before realizing he should probably elaborate. “I mean- I just don’t understand how you’re here. I mean I’m thrilled about it and I’m not trying to accuse you of hiding things from us, but some of it just doesn’t make sense. Like first of all, how did you even wake up? The first time it took Jack to do it and you didn’t mention anything about Jack helping out so-”
“Okay, I’m leaving, alright?”
“You’re really gonna regret leaving me there like that…” Dean whispered out, his voice lower than normal. Without warning, Dean spun the angel around so his back was facing him now.
“Dude, what the he-” Dean started, but quietened when he managed to get a look at the expression on Cas' face. “What’s wrong?”
Cas gave Dean’s bare arms a disapproving look then and Dean decided to give in, even if he didn’t want to head back to the bunker just yet.
“Cas, please. Stay.” Dean whispered out.
Before Dean could say another word, Cas had gotten up from the table and headed towards the cupboard to get the popcorn, leaving Dean there dumbfounded and confused about what the fuck had just happened.
“Hey, hey, calm down. It’s okay.”
“Okay, so why are you back? Is something wrong?”
“Yes, Dean, I know what mistletoe is, but… why is it there? Seems like a strange place for it…”
Cas jumped a little in his chair. “Y-yeah?” He asked, shifting uncomfortably in the chair now.
“N-nothing,” Dean choked out, trying to calm himself down. “‘t’s just that you… you really think I could replace you? With a dog?”
“How do you know that though?” Jack questioned.
Cas paused for a few breaths, but Dean stayed silent through this, even as he glanced over to see Cas was still gazing out the window. He wasn’t used to Cas talking this much about something so personal, none of them ever really did this, but it was nice. He didn’t want to miss a word and he really didn’t want Cas to stop.
“Jack, how did you find me? How did you even know I was back?”
Castiel couldn’t imagine the pain they were causing and he was beginning to wonder why it hadn’t given in yet, how it had held on for this long and then he saw white.
Before Dean had even finished speaking, Cas had taken his egg in both hands, and applied a little too much pressure, causing the whole shell to be crushed, resulting in several pieces of the shell plopping down into the bowl along with the runny insides.
Everything seemed to click in Dean’s brain, the pieces of the puzzle finally coming together. Cas knew. There was no doubt about it. Cas
“Dean, come on,” Sam sighed, “I know you’re there and I know you can hear me.”
“Cas, please, what… was that really you...?”
He laid there, fighting a losing battle with the side of his brain that decided to imagine countless scenarios in which a person, more specifically Cas, would be making those kinds of sounds, and even more specifically, scenarios that involved Dean being the cause. That was something he definitely did not need to think about right now, especially when Cas was only a few meters away from him and even more so after the events that occurred earlier that night.
“You’re right. I have been keeping some things from you, or at least… I wasn’t sure- I didn’t really want to talk about it in front of Sam, and since you hadn’t asked… I just didn’t bring it up.”
It turned Dean on, even more, having Cas just do that, having him just take control.
“Yeah, you’d know all about that wouldn’t you.”
Dean went to toss his shell in the trash and scurried back to Cas.
“Sam,” he said, his voice low, almost like a warning.
me, Sammy...”
Dean let it all sink in. “Alright, I get it, it’s just- he’s still my dad, Cas.”
“Why not?” Cas questioned, squinting his eyes at Dean.
He wasn’t too concerned about walking out of the bathroom like that. Partly because he’d done it plenty of times before and didn’t care much and also, even if he did, he knew that Cas wouldn’t be back for a while now. It had only been like thirty minutes maybe since he’d left.
Dean scrambled to get out from under the tangled sheets of his bed, his leg getting stuck in the process, causing him to almost face plant on the ground. Once he was finally free from the tangled mess and had picked himself up off the ground, he quickly started to make his way to the bunkers’ kitchen. The closer he got, the stronger the burning smell became. When he was only a few steps away from the kitchen, he heard some muttering.
He peaked his eyes open and waited a few minutes, but nothing happened so he continued.
Cas sat there and watched while Dean brushed his teeth and then walked over to the light to turn it off.
With a frustrated groan, he leaned back against the cold bathroom wall and pulled off his boxers, kicking them away and across the floor.
Jack offered Cas a small nod as he left. Once Cas was alone, his mind couldn’t help but wander to the night he spent with Dean, the night he told him everything.
“Promise?” he asked, with hopeful eyes.
Jack must have stopped walking because now Cas was approaching him, his eyebrows furrowed as he placed a hand on Jack’s shoulder.
before squirting some onto his fingers. He spread it along his cock as he looked Dean in the eyes, making a bit of a show with it.
“Come here and put it on… please.”
"You'll be fine, I know, but you have to promise to do that."
In the past, when he lost Cas, he knew death wasn’t always the end and it still tore him apart, but now there’s nothing left. Nothing left without him. Nothing left without the hope of seeing his face or hearing his voice. Seeing that look he had in his eyes whenever he saw Dean, a look that Dean could never place, until now.
Dean pleaded with Cas, unable to contain it anymore.
“Yes,” he replied, just a little too quickly.
He walked over to the other side of the room, next to Dean’s desk. He looked on top of it and nothing. Then, he opened up the drawers one at a time. He really wasn’t sure if Dean would want him going through his desk, but Dean had told him to go look and it wasn’t like Cas hadn’t poked around in his room before when Dean was actually there. He didn’t seem to mind much, at least not anymore… Maybe he did at first, but Cas couldn’t really remember.
“Fuck, Cas. I- I’m gonna-”
He arrived in his room, not bothering to close the door, knowing that Cas was following a few meters behind. He kept his head down and his back turned to the door. He could feel eyes boring into the back of his neck as he made his way over to his desk, opening the middle drawer and taking a deep breath before reaching down and pulling out the two sketchbooks. Holding onto them tightly, his knuckles turning white, he walked towards Cas, keeping his eyes fixed on the sketchbooks in his hands as he went. He did
Dean was quiet. Extremely quiet. When he finally spoke again, his voice was low.
Cas looked just as confused as Dean thought he must’ve looked himself, although he wasn’t sure why. He also looked a little freaked out, which was rare for Cas to show.
“Of fucking course they don’t come near you… you and your perfect angelic ass…” Dean muttered out, still angry about Cas’ fancy bug immunity.
“Yeah it’s uh, it’s kinda about why things are going good…” Dean took a deep breath. “Look Claire, there’s not really an easy way to say this but… Cas is back.”
“Yeah, it has,” he agreed.
Dean looked up at Sam, “I don’t need to.”
Dean started walking away from the kitchen, Cas still walking with him. The short walk was silent now, Dean was nervous, he was fidgeting with his hand the whole way. When he reached his bedroom, he stopped outside and turned to Cas, looking him in the eyes shyly.
Dean glanced at Cas and gave him a reassuring smile.
“How many times am I going to have to kiss you before you understand, huh?”
Slowly, Dean’s eyes opened at the soothing sound of Castiel’s voice, blinking a few times in confusion. Castiel risked it again, placing his hand back on Dean’s arm. This time he didn’t flinch away.
Dean turned away, sipping on the coffee, and he heard Sam let out a small laugh.
He felt so exposed, so vulnerable right now. The song kept playing, but he could have sworn he heard a quiet sniffle. Maybe he was just imagining it...
Jack had a sad look in his eyes as he looked down the hallway, towards the source of the sound.
Dean promptly looked away from Cas as well, shifting his attention back to the list and whatever the hell they were supposed to be looking for down here. Remembering what they were looking for, Dean went to the other side of the aisle, grabbing the box of Corn Flakes that Cas had been reaching for before he was almost trampled. Placing them in the cart, Dean continued rolling it down the aisle, searching for the last two kinds of cereal on the list with Cas trailing a few steps behind.
“I uh, I think ‘m gonna go shower before bed,” Dean spoke, not looking up from what he was doing.
Thanks for reading everyone! The next chapter is gonna be a bit longer than all the others and I'm almost done so that chapter should be up on time. Hope everyone has a great week!
“And he may have mentioned that you just came back from the dead… again.”
Dean didn’t wait for a reply, turning around and stepping back into the hallway, heading towards the garage where the Impala was parked and waiting for them.
As Dean’s eyes closed, Cas could hear his breathing was still a bit ragged so he slowly and gently placed a hand on Dean’s back, stroking it with his fingers and he felt Dean relax into the touch. His breath began to even as he drifted off, Cas’s hand not leaving him once as Dean slept tucked into his side.
Once he had managed to mostly calm down, he looked up at Cas, feeling his cheeks flush with embarrassment. Cas only looked innocently back at Dean.
Cas was about to argue with Balthazar about that when he saw the look he gave him. Balthazar was not taking any of his shit.
But speaking of worry, Cas was worried about Dean. That seemed to be a normal thing now, for everyone to worry about Dean. It seemed to be the one constant. Someone always paying attention, keeping one eye on him, that person now usually being Cas, as they went about their day.
Cas could feel the tears forming in his eyes, threatening to break free.
The room was quiet and dark when Dean woke. His eyes were fairly well adjusted to the darkness so it wasn’t hard for him to glance over to the chair beside his bed and see that Cas was still sitting there, just like how he left him except for that now, his eyes were closed and his head was now tilted to the side a little. He wasn’t sleeping, Dean knew that, he was probably just thinking or listening to angel radio, but he looked almost as if he was sleeping. Another thing that Dean noticed was that the sketchbooks Cas had been clinging onto so tightly the night before were now gone. Where? Dean didn’t know. He just knew Cas must’ve hidden them somewhere.
Cas marvelled at the sight before him, here was his hunter, laid out on this bed just for him. Only for him.
that he wasn’t fine and they’d both know exactly
Not knowing how long Dean would be in the bathroom, Cas made quick work of changing into his new, not wet, clothes. He had to admit, he quite liked these clothes. They may have been a little big on him, but they were comfortable and maybe the fact that they smelt like Dean didn’t hurt either.
Heaven was quite quiet still which they were all grateful for. There had been way too many problems with it in the past few years and it was good to see that the angels had seemed to have worked out many of the issues they had been having previously.
The whole drive all he could think about was Dean. What would happen when he showed up? Would Dean hug him and tell him he missed him, would he brush it off with a quick handclap on the shoulder, not paying much attention to it and ignoring everything Cas had told him before he died? Or would he be angry and yell at Cas for leaving? He had no idea, there were so many ways that this could go, so many things that Dean could say or just not say. He was terrified, but also, so excited. He just wanted to see Dean, it really didn’t matter what happened or what Dean said as long as he saw him, just to see his face once more, just to hear his voice.
“He’s not my boyfriend, never will be…”
“Damn, am I lucky to have you.”
Bending over, he grabbed the towel and that’s when he heard a noise. One that he hadn’t heard in what felt like forever. He froze for a mere moment wondering why the hell that sound was there and that maybe he imagined it. That was until he heard a shaky intake of breath that had him dropping the towel, bolting upright, and turning around, using the sweatpants to hide the only article of clothing he was wearing. An article that had most definitely been seen by the angel that had suddenly appeared in the room, judging by the flushed colour of his cheeks, a shade, which he might add, that was extremely similar to the pink of the panties that he was currently wearing.
Jack only nodded, watching as Castiel took a deep breath, trying to contain himself.
After the fruit was all prepared, they moved onto the bacon and eggs.
His sign language had gotten much better and it was rare for him to struggle with it at this point, but now, he didn’t know what to do. Maybe it was because he didn’t even know what words to use, he wasn’t sure if Elieen could help, he wasn’t sure if anyone could help, but Sam had to try. If anyone else could understand what Sam was feeling, it would be Eileen. She had been living with them since Jack brought her back. She cared about Sam and also cared about Dean, so she was becoming increasingly worried as well.
Castiel, this angel, had loved
“Should we uh…” Cas started to say as he got up from the chair. “Coffee?”
“Yes, I’ll be sure to keep an eye on him, although he really does seem alright.”
“Dean, after all those years, after how he treated you growing up… why would you care what happened? He abandoned you and Sam for weeks at a time, he abused you, both physically and emotionally. He was a monster and I will not let him hurt you again. Not ever.”
It was hard to see Dean’s face in the dark room, especially since he had just walked in from a brightly lit hallway.
That night, Dean and Cas spent their time cuddled up in front of the fireplace, sharing lazy kissing with one another while they just enjoyed each other's company, grateful for these little moments that they could spend together.
He continued shouting for a while, his throat starting to hurt, but he couldn’t stop. He knew it was possible. He had done it before with Ruby.
“So, uh,
Jack knew he couldn’t fix that, but he could try and give Sam and Dean just a little piece of hope, some sign that he had been listening, that he still cared. So, he focused for a moment, remembering that dog that Dean had found at the gas station. It was a miracle really, finding that dog that Chuck missed. He hoped they would understand the message that he was trying to convey to them, but if not, then at least it could offer them some form of comfort.
“Yeah, why not. It’s in my room if you want it.”
“You think too loudly,” Cas said in a deep, gravelly voice.
Dean was being especially rough with Cas, not careful at all when it finally happened. The moment Rusty had been waiting for. Dean nailed Cas right into Rusty. Finally, they were one. Rusty felt complete.
“Since this new Heaven meant that everyone would now essentially be sharing one heaven, that meant that everyone you know would be there. Bobby, Charlie, Ellen, Jo, Mary, and John to name a few. I know that you love them, I know how important family is to you, to you and Sam both, but Dean I couldn’t just stand there and watch this all happen without thinking about how things would be for you when you joined them. When you were back with John. It was my idea to do something about it.”
“N- no you didn’t.” Cas stuttered out.
John stopped laughing then, shutting right up. He clearly was not expecting that answer from the angel.
"Maybe it was a werewolf, or, more likely, a wendigo," Cas said as soon as she left and Dean gave him a glare.
Dean tried to hold onto that, he tried not to sink down into despair over the loss he had experienced, but it didn’t work. He coped in the only way he knew how. He drank. He drank a lot. Most of the time Sam would find him passed out on the floor or face down on a table drunk. He didn’t want to put Sam through that, he didn’t want him to worry about him.
Later that night, Cas had just gone out to do… well Dean doesn’t really remember what. He just knows that Cas said he’d be back in about an hour or so. He hadn’t really been paying much attention if he was being honest because he was exhausted from the day. They had practically wasted the whole day in the woods getting lost and the only useful things they figured out was that Dean really shouldn’t be navigating and that the bugs were fucking horrible.
Cas just stared at Dean blankly.
Once Sam was out of their sight and Jack had continued on doing whatever he was doing, Dean just looked at Cas quizzically.
Then he bent down and quickly tried to pick up all his clothes, wanting to get the hell out of there as fast as he could.
“Anything you say to me can be said in front of him. We have no secrets, the two of us. We learned how badly that could affect us long ago.”
Blushing at that, Dean could feel his cheeks warm up as the angel continued to watch him from where he sat.
“But you don’t like it when I watch you too closely.”
Cas couldn’t get any words out, his brain still in the process of trying to comprehend any of what he just witnessed a few moments ago. His gaze shifted back down to Dean’s waist, trying to get another glimpse of the vibrant red against Dean’s tan skin, but all that he saw was the dark blue of his jeans and the black fabric of his shirt that was now resting over top of them, no skin exposed for his eyes to see now.
“Whatever you say,” Cas chuckled.
Realization set it quite quickly, causing an expression to form on his face that he assumed closely resembled the one Cas was wearing as well. Dean was frozen, words stuck in his throat, brain malfunctioning, body unable to move.
Cas placed a hand in Dean’s hair, tugging at it as Dean continued his work.
Dean had just been staring back at Cas for a few seconds, until he was brought back to reality, noticing how the angel's gaze was still focused entirely on him.
Still, silence. Dean turned away from John, not wanting him to read it all over his face what he was really feeling.
His gaze stayed there, unwavering as he spoke. “I already have everything I need right here. I get to spend my birthday with the people I love most.”
Dean rubbed a hand down his face, taking a deep breath.
Cas just raised a brow at Dean, clearly questioning that last point, but not verbalizing his disagreement.
“Hello, Castiel,” she said, pulling him in for a hug. Cas was unusually still at the contact. Mary could feel it, sensing that something was off.
“Okay great. Just let me know if you need me, I’ll be right here.”
“I know, I just- If I talk about it, then it becomes real, then it becomes something that I have to truly accept.”
Dean walked back over to the sink, briefly wetting his fingers, before walking back over to the bowl. He then proceeded to stick a wet finger into the bowl, and began to scoop out the two big pieces of shell and then all of the smaller pieces. After a few minutes he was done and was discarding the egg shells in the trash.
Dean took a few steps closer to Cas, putting a hand on his shoulder and tilting his head down to catch Cas’ gaze and bring it back up to him. “Look, I know you like guinea pigs for… whatever reason… but we can’t get one. Maybe one day, but I think we’d all have to discuss it first, okay?”
“Okay, I’ll text you the details, be safe.”
“Seriously, Cas? After all these years, after the shit I’ve told you, I’ve all but spelled it out for you and you think I’m-” Dean couldn’t help the actual laugh that erupted from inside of him. How the hell could someone who spent this much time with him really believe that.
Dean choked out a noise of surprise, as he was reminded of where Cas’ hand was placed on him. All Dean could do was lay there and watch as this angel knelt above him, with one hand disappearing behind his back. He saw the waves of pleasure on Cas’ face as he stretched himself out on his own.
“Dean?” she asked, almost sounding like she didn’t believe it was really him.
Cas didn’t need to be convinced though. He didn’t need Dean to drag him into the den. Cas would have followed him willingly. He was just happy to spend this time with Dean, just the two of them. Throughout the movie, Dean would be mouthing the words, sometimes shouting them out when he got too excited. Cas would just smile. He liked watching Dean while he watched the movies. He loved seeing Dean this excited about something, all the problems in their lives at the time, seemingly forgotten. All traces of worry were gone.
"I don't think that's how-"
“Mhmm,” Cas nods, encouraging Dean to continue.
A noise broke Dean from this train of thought. It was Cas. He saw his face scrunch up in pleasure and the sounds he was making, whimpering Dean’s name, Dean never wanted to hear Cas say his name in any other way.
Dean pulled the shirt over his head quickly, walking towards Sam, grabbing the cup that Sam held out for him.
“I-“ Dean stopped. “I was making
Hell was also pretty quiet and the world wasn’t ending. It seemed like all the monsters and gods had just decided to take a vacation or something from killing people. They were in a bit of a dry spell now. There wasn’t much for them to do. But this meant that now Dean had no distractions and no choice to think about what had been going on.
“Cas, shut up. I love it. I know I haven’t listened to it yet but… thank you.”
When he reached Dean’s cock, he continued further down, and nipped lightly at Dean’s inner thighs, just to tease him a little, before soothing them with his tongue. Dean watched as Cas lifted his knees so his legs were now bent. He continued to watch as Cas slicked up his fingers, before they disappeared beneath Dean.
was going to die.”
Things had been going well so far with heaven. They had made a great deal of progress. They had built most of the “new” heaven, needing to start with that first, before they even thought of moving all the billions of souls to it. Slowly, they had alerted a few residents of what was to come, Mary Winchester being one of them. Castiel hadn’t been to see her yet, only Jack had once or twice before. With Mary though, that also meant John. They had been sharing a heaven together since she died.
“Is everything alright?”
“This isn’t something you can just
The morning went by quite slowly. He and Cas had been in the library, sitting across from one another at a table. Cas had been flipping idly through some old spellbook he’d found that he thought had looked interesting. Dean wasn’t really sure what it contained besides that.
“Jack, I am so very proud of you, but you just left Sam and Dean after that? Have you checked in on them since you left? Do you know about all the pain that Dean is going through right now, and Sam I would assume as well if he had to watch Dean go through this...”
Dean had been lying on his bed in his room. He was on his phone, looking at pictures. Photos of Cas. This night had been a good night, he was able to remember the fond memories of Cas without all of the regret and shame he had normally felt when thinking about Cas.
Cas didn’t know back then what would continue to develop between them, how strong their bond really was or how it would only become stronger with time. He didn’t know the unconditional love he would feel for that man. He didn’t even know he was capable of feeling love or just feelings in general.
Slowly, he walked around his room. The space was pretty plain. There wasn’t much in his room, just a few small personal items scattered in various places, but overall, it wasn’t much.
I actually did a bit of research for this chapter. I hope it was worth it! All the angels that I mentioned by name were actually in the show, I had to go search for a few of them though because I wanted to be able to mention some by name. I really enjoyed it actually and yes I’m sorry Gabriel and Crowley and a few others were only briefly mentioned. Oops. But don’t worry! There will be time for that and I’m very much looking forward to it!
Once they were out of sight, Dean and Cas decided to head to the kitchen to finish cleaning up. They had started walking over, when Dean noticed Cas had paused.
All those dreams he’d had of the angel while he was gone, all the memories he thought of, none of them could compare to having him here, to have him standing in front of Dean.
When Cas still didn’t say a word, Dean got a little concerned, which thankfully provided him with a bit of a distraction.
He tried to wipe the smile off his face as he turned to face Cas again, but he failed miserably.
"They attack every night, right? It's late already, so maybe we should wait until tomorrow so that we can prepare."
Castiel also tried to make amends with those who were affected by his ignorant actions when helping Metatron. At the time he thought he was doing what was best, but it was all a lie. He didn’t wait for Kevin to finish translating the angel tablet or for Sam and Dean’s help, he had wanted to do this without them and he paid for it dearly, but he was not the only one who paid the price. Sophia, Azriel, Ezekiel, they were all killed in the fall, they were all killed because of his recklessness.
“Mhmm, a little.”
“No, I didn’t-”
Dean felt a pit in his stomach before he even looked up, already knowing what he would see. Sure enough, there it was.
He also missed Jack. He was lucky he got to spend whatever time he did with him in heaven but now he just missed him more than ever. He lost him and he knew that Jack wasn’t dead, but it sure felt like he was. He knew that he wouldn’t see him again, that he was still technically around, but that he wouldn’t get to see him with his own eyes or get to hold him in a warm embrace. That was all gone.
“Cas..?”
Lifting his head, bringing his eyes to meet the gaze of Dean’s that he knew were following his every move, Cas brought his head back to meet Dean’s skin in one last kiss, just above the waistband before placing several open-mouthed kisses over Dean’s clothed erection that had him muttering a quick ‘fuck’ and had him squirming beneath him in a way that not even he had dreamed of.
Since then he hadn’t had the courage to say anything about it, to bring up what might have happened with Cas. How does someone just bring that up with their best friend who just came back from the dead yet again? You don’t, apparently. At least if someone were to ask Dean. Maybe it was better that Sam had interrupted before he had done something stupid like kiss Cas.
“You too,” he replied in agreement.
“Dean, you need to relax,” Cas said calmly, placing another kiss to his inner thighs.
“I promise,” Cas reassured him. “Now, it’s getting late, you should really get some sleep.”
The wound wasn’t massive, but the rate of the flow would’ve been quite worrying if he had still been alive and on Earth.
“Dude, what the hell is going on with you?” Dean asked once Cas’ now confused eyes focused on his own.
Shit, shit, shit. How the hell did he even- Then Dean remembered he had done laundry earlier and had been too lazy to put any of it away just yet. Fuck. How had he been so stupid as to leave
“It’s alright, Dean. I don’t mind,” Cas soothed, gently rubbing his thumb along the side of Dean’s hand.
Before Dean could say another word, Cas’ lips crashed onto his own, attacking him hungrily. Dean didn’t react at first, shocked at the sudden invasion, but then became just as hungry as the angel. Pushing up against him, sliding his hands around his waist, pulling him even closer.
things felt so awkward, or at least why it was for him. It didn’t take a genius to figure out when this started. If he had only just left that stupid sketchbook alone and not looked at it, everything would be fine right now. But no, he always seemed to find a way to fuck things up.
A loud sound, combined with a sudden loss of balance broke Castiel from his thoughts and also his sightline to Dean and his interesting new panties that had now begun to take over Cas’s mind.
Cas paused, not saying anything, just looking at Sam, knowing that as he did so, Sam would see the truth behind his question. Sam only looked back at him for a few moments before speaking again.
“Hmm? Yes, yes I’m fine.”
“Hi, I’m David, I see you already met my husband,” he said as he smiled at Roger. “So, what is this about?”
“Cas, I-I can’t keep doing this.”
?” Dean asked incredulously.
He also couldn’t help but wonder if he’d been the only one that had been so blind. Had anyone else figured it out? Or had Cas told someone else before him? He reminded himself to ask Cas about it later, specifically if Sam knew about it.
“I uh, I’ve never told you about how I grew up. I know that you must have some idea, over the years you probably learned some things, but like I mean what it was actually like.”
He looked back up at Dean then, a shy smile forming on his face. “Thank you.”
“Oh, how did it go?” Cas asked, listening as he helped Dean finish up the cooking and put the bacon all on two separate plates, along with the eggs and brought them to the table.
He thought he was gonna be sick. His eyes had just seen his brother's naked ass, getting pounded into by one of his best friends. That was something he never needed to see.
Miracle closed his eyes, leaning into Dean’s hand.
“This is my voicemail. Make your voice… a mail.”
Ha well that was fun, please no one kill me.
Once he was done, he gently pulled himself out of Dean and collapsed on the bed, half beside Dean, and half on top of him. They were both breathing heavily, coming down from their highs.
“Dean,” he said softly, almost mirroring the tone of Dean’s own voice. Then, “What the hell happened?” Cas asked before he could stop himself because yes, he was concerned but he was also a bit upset with Dean for getting himself into this and worrying him like that. “I swear if this was part of your dumb idea to use yourself as bait-”
“And is this one of those times where it’s just too much?”
Dean felt Cas start to move his lips against his own. He couldn’t believe what was happening. He was kissing his best friend, a dude, and he was kissing him back. This was not what friends were supposed to be doing and this was not at all how Dean thought the day was going to go.
He shut off his phone, not bothering to wait for a reply. He spent the rest of his night laying there in his bed, just thinking. He was starting to drift off after a while and before he did, he sent out one little prayer, not much, maybe it wasn’t even enough to be heard, but he did it anyway.
As he and Jack spent more time together, planning extensively, and then finally starting with the rebuilding or “remodelling” as some had liked to call it, his feelings about the situation seemed to ease, but not disappear completely.
“Wait… Dean doesn’t- he doesn’t feel that way about me.”
Dean’s breath caught in his throat when he felt his fingers slide their way under his shirt, his fingers brushing against his skin lightly at first, but then he got a more firm grip underneath, trailing his hand underneath his shirt and to his chest.
“Hmmm?” Cas hummed. “Did you have something specific in mind?”
“I’m not going anywhere, angel. You’re mine now and I’m never letting you go, not again.”
Dean was drowning and he had forgotten how to swim. He was drowning in his sorrows, in the pain of not having Cas, not saying more. The only thing that he thought to say was
“Well yes, he- he told me that once he experienced a moment of... of true happiness, it would come for him, that it’d take him away, forever. I didn’t understand why he was telling me this at that point, I was still so caught up in thinking we were both going to die- that
The loud sound of the doors of the barn crashing open startled everyone. Sam whipped around, alarmed, probably thinking that more clowns had shown up, that it wasn’t over, but it wasn’t a clown, or at least, the kinds of clowns that they had just killed. It was Castiel. He was here. Maybe he had heard Rusty’s prayers.
The drive back to the motel only took a few minutes, the rumble of the engine and low hum of
Thanks for reading!
A small bump of Castiel’s chin to his clothed erection had a gasp escaping his lips, he could feel the stubble grazing against him. Even though he had been watching the whole thing, it still surprised him when his mouth finally made its way to his panties. His tongue makes sure to clean up every last bit of come. But, once it was gone, he didn’t stop, he didn’t remove his mouth. Instead, he traded the small swipes of his tongue for hot, open-mouthed kisses right over Dean’s still rock-hard cock.
“I think it’s time you go back to sleep.”
“What? What do you mean it won’t?”
They told Rusty how the older Winchester stabbed an angel, right in the heart and how he didn’t even flinch. Oh, how they wanted to be that knife, to be the one that was used.
Cas stopped in his tracks, his eyes going wide at the sound of Dean’s voice, clearly not expecting him to be awake right now.
Dean, on the other hand, was on his laptop. Cas had been gone for so long that he’d missed quite a lot so Dean had promised to help catch him up on all things. For starters, he decided to compile a list of links of some news articles to some of the major events that had happened. He figured it would give Cas something to do while he was asleep and it would at least be a good starting point for him and if he wanted to know more, then he could look some other stuff up himself.
“I know. But I want to, so just let me for once and stop being so stubborn.” Cas sighed, taking a deep breath before continuing.
“Dean, do you think it’d be alright if I stayed? Just for tonight…” Cas softly spoke, looking down at the chair sitting by Dean’s door.
“Yeah and maybe after that we’ll find a movie to watch in the den. You guys can meet us there afterwards,” Sam had said.
“Dammit- no no.”
“What the hell was that about?”
It hadn’t been long since they started with the symbols, maybe just over ten minutes, but that whole time was filled with silence. It wasn’t as if they really
“Jack, no. I’m here now, that’s all that matters.” Cas tried to offer him a reassuring smile. He didn’t want Jack to feel bad about this. Him dying, him not coming back sooner, it wasn’t Jack’s fault. Cas had made his own choices, his own decisions that led him to that point. It was no one's fault but his own.
“To put it simply, yes. But either way, it was not the vessel that I saw and perceived as Meg. I was able to see her true form and who she was.”
“I’m glad you can tell,” Cas said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
Cas was still staring at him like a deer in headlights, until Dean was standing right in front of him, staring into those blue eyes. It took him a moment before he seemed to be able to shake himself out of it.
Once Cas felt Dean relax a little more, he started to slowly move his finger around inside of him, in and out, and then he’d curl it a bit. After a few minutes, he added another finger, and then another. Dean was squirming on the bed, and then without warning, he felt a surge of pleasure throughout his body, he was consumed by it. Cas had brushed a finger against just the right spot.
