“And also, you’re a madman really. Playing till your fingers bled? Sherlock you should have known better. I really can’t leave you for more than one day, can I?” he chuckles, raising Sherlock’s hand to inspect his fingers once again.
That experience that he’d had in that one cell in Serbia is probably one of the most traumatic experiences that he’s ever had. And that’s saying a lot. John was never meant to know. He was not meant to know. The issue of his fake suicide and return has always been a hard and considerably impossible topic for them to discuss, so they’d never discussed it, never sat down and had a proper conversation about it. Well, there’s no turning back from this right now. Sherlock sighs, letting his head droop before turning his body around to face the wall.
“A what!?” Sherlock exclaims, wondering what exactly Watson is trying to get at now, or taking into consideration the wider picture, what new blow his subconscious wishes to deal him.
This seems like a hard problem to fix, even for her. She’s been known to give out solid relationship advice (and sex advice but that’s another story altogether), but knowing John’s stubborn character, who knows whether he’ll listen to her or not.
When he picks up his phone the next time, he can see John’s face reflected in the dark screen, his eyes widening as he sits up, staring after him.
John licks a long line up the column of his throat in example, leaving a shiny line of saliva which starts at the base of Sherlock’s collarbone and ends at the rim of his jaw. His tongue twists as it makes its way across the dip in Sherlock’s throat, licking its way to his Adam’s apple.
Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s back, shivering as John brings a hand up to the crook of his knee, bending his leg further backwards.
The notes climb higher and higher, a smooth, vibrant melody that rises to the heavens as Sherlock remembers the thrilling cases, the blood pumping through his veins as he soared beneath the London sky with John by his side.
, Sherlock thinks as he gives his chest one last final squeeze, feeling an answering firmness below his fingertips.
He finishes in a few minutes, stacking the plates neatly before wiping down the kitchen table one final time.
“David, Mary has been known to get close to those people she wishes to use,” Sherlock explains, keeping his voice level, “To put this frankly, there must be a reason why she came here.”
The next thing he notes is that there's a warm pressure on his thigh. He raises his head slowly, peeking over his hip.
Although equally affectionate, while his mother had been books and knowledge, his father had been art and culture. He’d been the one who’d taught Sherlock about the stars years back, the one who’d encouraged him to take up the violin and the one who’d supported his enjoyable, yet somewhat brief, foray into dancing, seeing as that he’d been a dancer himself. While his mother had never scoffed at any of his artistic pursuits, she sure hadn’t pushed him to try any, seeing as she had little artistic background herself. Sherlock’s passion for the arts had been his father’s gift to him, an interest that had given him, as a child and up till now, an escape route. A way to shut off the world when everything got too loud and fuzzy at the edges.
He’d managed to keep himself away from John’s room for the better part of 5.64 hours, finally caving in slightly after 1.49 a.m. in the morning when he had decided that he had had enough of speculation.
He’s already dressed in a dark blue T-shirt and jeans, clutching one of the bags that Sherlock had seen him carrying into Baker Street when he’d first arrived back.
He's not sure if he imagines it but just before he drops off the deep end, he feels a warm pressure against his forehead. It feels rough but at the same time soft against his skin and it’s gone way too soon for him to figure out what it is.
But it eventually tapers off, their lips slowing as the two of them begin to tire, John from the stress of the day and Sherlock from the shock of the revelation of Sholto.
“I do believe there isn’t much else we can discuss as of now,” Mycroft answers, “That’s all the intel that we’ve gotten so far. We’ll be sure to update the two of you if anything important crops up.”
“Are you going to get on with it or not?” he whines in annoyance, John still smirking down at him till Sherlock angles his hips, thrusting upwards, his reddened cock dragging against John’s tanned skin.
Irene shakes head, mouthing “good luck” to Mike before turning on her heel, stalking towards the corridor.
“I kept you alive,” she says simply, staring him down, “Those months when Sherlock was away. Who fed you when you were too depressed to feed yourself? Who gave you shelter in her home when you couldn’t bear being alon-”
“John”, Sherlock intervenes, resting a firm hand on the man’s arm, “Take a seat, let me talk to him. It’ll be fine-”
He hands John one as well and John gets to work on the ropes binding his ankles to the feet of the chair.
However, his annoyance fades quickly, his face setting itself into something more stoic as his eyes fall from Sherlock’s face. His eyebrows furrow as he stares, gaze unfocused at the ground, looking to be in deep thought.
He lets his hands fall from his chest, peering down at the rocky ground he appears to be lying on. A jagged, rough-edged series of rocks swims into vision as he makes to sit up, puzzling him further.
“It’s yours now,” he continues as he shifts his fingers away, revealing the glimmering metal plating of his old army dog tags, “It’s yours to keep for as long as you wan-”
They collide roughly, Sherlock’s chin on John’s shoulder and John’s cheekbone against Sherlock’s forehead, but none of them seem to care as they wrap desperate arms around each other, their bodies entwining as John gasps into Sherlock’s shoulder, burying his face in the crook there.
John smirks in answer, driving his cock into Sherlock’s body much faster than before, getting the angle right every single time.
John’s voice is hollow, his resigned and fearful tone a husk of its former self as he hands Sherlock the package, burying his face in his hands.
“I love you,” John whispers, tears in his eyes as he pulls away from Sherlock’s face, his lips now resting at the juncture of collarbone and shoulder. “I love you so much.”
“Yes John, it is,” he can practically hear the smile in Sherlock’s voice, “My mother used to make it for me when I was little. It’s an old recipe.”
That being said, excitement is still bubbling up in his chest at the thought of lunch. He hasn’t yet informed Irene and Mike about the shift in their relationship and simply can’t wait to do so.
So John’s only just left then and it's... Sherlock glances at his bedside clock, currently 12.43 in the afternoon, which means that John might be back only just in time for dinner instead of the mid-afternoon he’d promised.
Lestrade is there, restraining Cameron from behind but Sherlock barely registers any of it as John guides him carefully to the door.
Because Sherlock asking himself that question was one thing, but John asking him the exact same question? It was a different thing altogether.
“Like hell it doesn’t,” John grits out, the barely suppressed rage in his voice evident, “Sherlock she’s my wife and you’re my friend. Clearly something about her is bothering you and you’re refusing to talk about it.”
He surveys his work once he manages to pull it off, his eyes roving over John’s skin swiftly and carefully, trying to catalogue as much of it as he can.
“But luckily for you,” John husks, brushing a curl away from Sherlock’s forehead, “I’ve got just the thing.”
But Sherlock gives John’s hand one last pump, loosening his grip as he steps away, their intertwined fingers sliding apart as he turns around, slipping on his glove as he makes his way to the airplane.
Why is this situation so complicated? So fragile that any one move he makes could possibly ruin or fix a relationship, whether it be John and his or John and Mary’s?
“Oh, I’m not a villain,” Magnussen taunts, his eyes gleaming, “I have no evil plan. I’m a businessman, acquiring assets...”
They were two very different people, his mother and his father, both gifted in such different areas and yet so complementary when together. He remembers being extremely fascinated as a child, wondering how either party could have fallen for the other seeing as they had barely anything in common.
He remembers telling John that he knew about the Van Buren Supernova due to their visit to the observatory, another bit of bulshitting and a lie in every sense of the word. That frightened kid at the other end of the phone line had done it, he used to muse. He had provided the key to unlocking one of the most dreaded rooms in Sherlock’s mind palace. But now, in hindsight, it might not have been the child that had done it after all but the frightened look on John’s face. It had convinced him, convinced him to look deep inside of himself and surface with an answer that could spare the poor child’s life.
“This too,” he murmurs, throwing an arm around Sherlock’s chest, pressing a palm to Sherlock’s chest, his thumb gently stroking the bullet wound there.
“Hmmm… Let’s see,” she hums, “I don’t think… Siger’s gone out to get the firewood, Mycroft’s already put the pie into the oven… Oh yes! John darling, I do believe there’s one more thing you can help me with… Though it’s probably not going to be an easy task to carry out, I assure you.”
“Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous,” he murmurs to himself as his fingers slide down to bracket Sherlock’s hips.
Thankfully, the man breaks into a huge smile upon the Text ID, his eyes brightening as he thumbs through the conversation and Mike heaves a sigh of relief.
“I’m here,” he says as John lets out a loud sob, fisting his hands in the front of Sherlock’s shirt. “I’m here. I’m here. I’m here.”
“Of course I do,” Sherlock scoffs, looking insulted. He reaches into his pocket, withdrawing a pink ribbon. “Not unlike any of those you see hanging around the necks of vodka bottles in the supermarkets,” he smirks and says. “Found this on his coffee table. And the man did say he wasn’t an alcoholic.”
“... He also said that you have the most dreamy muscles out of all the men he’s eve-” Victor manages, prying Sherlock’s hands away from his mouth before Sherlock smacks him hard on the back, his cheeks a deep crimson.
John shudders in response, his hips stuttering forward as he continues to thrust into the circle of Sherlock’s rapidly shifting fingers. He knows that John likes it when he uses his deeper voice to talk to him - so he might as well use that to his advantage.
The first thing that Sherlock notices when he enters the room is that it is just as cold in here as it is outside, which is strange because it’s late November.
“The police couldn’t find their contacts on each other's phones, expected of course, young people these days don’t normally use their close friend’s exact names for their contacts. Their contacts were hidden as well, weren't they? Unable to be accessed if one didn't know what they were looking for and merely keyed their numbers in,” Sherlock gets up, pushing his chair in before striding off to the door. “Well I’d best be off,” he grins widely before pushing the door forward.
“So… you were a mathematician?” he questions, watching as Mummy Holmes dusts her hands off on her apron, surveying her work with hawk-like precision.
“After six months, we’ll check back with you,” Mycroft had continued, his voice cracking a little as Sherlock stared blankly down at the cold, concrete floor.
John lends an attentive ear to Sherlock’s musings as he takes the seat opposite him, his fingers intertwined as he listens (for the fourth time) to the reasons why Sherlock thinks the murder of Bellamy Jones was committed by an estranged lover rather than her father.
He glances up at John, his eyes widening as he takes in the man’s appearance. His clothing is crinkled as well, his hair mussed but the best part out of all of it has to be his eyes. John’s eyes, normally a deep sea blue, are now clouded over with black, his pupils so large that Sherlock is certain that if one tried hard enough, one could possibly fit a galaxy inside of them.
“More to the point,” John interrupts, deliberately changing the subject of the conversation, “What have you been doing?”
“Go ahead,” Sherlock replies, turning back to face the wall. If this is what John needs right now, then by god he will give it to him.
“We’ll grow old together, retire together,” Sherlock rambles, “The Downs in Sussex maybe. Whatever it is John, I promise I’ll never leave your side.”
John smirks at him all of a sudden, almost making Sherlock halt in confusion. John gives Sherlock a split second to respond as he draws him in, tugging at his arm gently to signal that he wants to do a turn. Sherlock responds readily, twisting his arms together with John’s as he twirls into John’s space.
When he's certain that she's gone, Mike grabs his books, scooting back to the empty space that Irene had occupied.
“Sherlock this isn’t safe!” he snarls, looking absolutely livid now as he glares up at Sherlock. Sherlock turns away, refusing to dignify John’s comments with an answer.
He waits till John gathers his wits again, exhaling deeply before gazing up at Sherlock, his eyes filled with piercing pain and sorrow as he continues.
He angles his body sideways, getting a good look at the finger marks on his hip, half-moon shaped crescents still visible as he strokes the skin there, feeling the indents under his skin…
At this, John’s breath hitches, his breathing taking on a heavier, denser quality. Sherlock freezes, turning to look at John, finding an intense expression carved out on John’s face. His blue eyes have taken on a deeper shade, irises swirling circles around his rapidly expanding pupils. His eyebrows are angled fiercely downwards, his lips slightly parted and Sherlock gulps.
John chuckles in answer, reaching a hand out to smooth his fingers over Sherlock’s still damp hair before sliding them further downwards, following the trail of the train of his dog tags down to where they rest up against Sherlock's heart.
Sighing softly in response, John fixes him with a reassuring gaze, pressing a kiss to one of the corners of Sherlock’s cheekbones, sucking the skin there gently as he draws a line down the other side of Sherlock’s face with his other free hand.
He’d been about to fall into bed when he noticed that the blanket was moving, shifting slightly upwards and downwards in a gentle motion, sending waves of creased fabric rippling downwards to pool on his side of the bed.
“I Have Loved and I Have Lost,” he begins, tone calm with an undercurrent of utter fury. “I have held my entire world in my hands and watched as it crumbled to dust under my care. I have given up the one thing I’ve loved the most and watched as it left me to be with another!” he barks at Cameron, glowering at him viciously. “I let the person I love leave because I recognised my own ineptitude in providing proper love and affection. I let them go. YOU. Did. Not.”
“Mmmmmm,” John murmurs, kissing Sherlock’s cheek as Sherlock’s hips begin to stutter, signalling that he’s close.
Here's the latest chapter!!! We're finally nearing the end YAY. I think like 5 more chapters and we'll be done? OMG. I hope you guys enjoy this update... Even though it's shorter than normal due to time constraint.
It hadn’t taken long for John to warm up to Victor. The man was, as expected, warm and funny but most importantly, a good friend to Sherlock and that obviously had to count for something.
Sherlock remains at the threshold of the doorway, standing there stock still as he watches the cab speeding away, off into the busy intersection.
“Yes? So?” Sherlock spits back, unclipping his seatbelt. The last thing he wants to deal with is Mary’s condescending attitude, “It’s been five minutes since Mycroft called. What progress have you made? What have you been doing?”
“Hmmmm,” John chuckles, his hands now roaming freely over Sherlock’s chest, “You’ve really thought this through haven’t you?”
“When we were talking in his bunk, yes,” John answers, snuggling up to Sherlock, his voice softening. Evidently, he hadn’t managed to hide his discomfort all that well. “Sherlock, we were together in the sense that… we both acknowledged that we had feelings for each other.”
He hasn’t been into John’s room in a while, in fact, he hasn’t been in the room since John has returned.
John seems stunned for a moment, as if he hadn’t actually expected Sherlock to agree with him. He flashes him a warm smile, inciting Sherlock to return a weak one of his own before he closes the washroom door.
They’re both rubbish at talking, rubbish at sorting things out verbally… But physically? Through gentle touches and caresses? That is where their strength in communication lies.
And then Sherlock had simply stalled, as if the words had registered in his head with sudden clarity. He’d trembled for a moment, his lip wobbling before he’d collapsed into John’s arms.
“Therefore he needed the money, desperately. That and the mud marks on the shoe point to the fact that this boy dealt in drug dealing.”
Sherlock’s reaction had been understandable to be honest, given the fact that John was a rugby player. The man had had some rather nasty run-ins with the senior members of the rugby team before John had transferred in so it wasn’t surprising that he’d think the same of John.
“Wires,” Sherlock finishes, his eyes widening in shock as he recoils from the cupboard as if he’s been burned. “John we have to talk to Mycroft, pronto.”
Sherlock laughs weakly, his voice much softer than before. Sherlock’s connection is starting to fade and fast.
John nearly doesn’t catch the question, blinded by barely suppressed rage before he comes back to himself, the world rushing back in.
His hair is dusty, disgusting and greasy and the first thing he wants to do is wash any residue remaining in it out.
John sighs deeply as Sherlock surfaces from his panicked thoughts, stalking over to the radio in the corner of the room. He plugs his phone in, the AVA chord clicking in place as a slow, soulful song begins to play. The music seems to bleed into the surrounding air, staining the room with gentle warmth as John reaches for Sherlock’s hand once again, holding his fingers merely inches from Sherlock’s.
“And you weren’t lying,” he smiles, brushing the back of his hand down Sherlock’s neck, reaching for the chain hanging limply there, “You’re the most unique, most… intriguing person I’ve ever met. And I could never ever love someone more than I do you.”
Sherlock sighs, allowing his eyes to fall closed, giving himself over to the sensation of John's ministrations.
“No. Don’t try to fight it,” he yells as Sherlock flails in his grip, struggling to get up off the ground.
“I DID NOT,” he recovers himself and yells in the general direction of the door. He buries his face in his hands, feeling the raw embarrassment leaking out of him pore by pore.
He opens his eyes wide, the fuzzy edges of his consciousness sharpening into something more tangible.
“But… I can’t,” he continues, his gaze growing apologetic, “I mean I’d really love to, I really would, but I already have other plans. Maybe next time?”
Although... If he’d known that there’d been another competitor for Sherlock’s affections, maybe he would have considered a shotgun confession.
“Is there anything else you need help with?” John asks, possessing a readiness of being that Mummy Holmes has never once seen in Sherlock.
“DID THIS TRANSMISSION GO THROUGH ANYWHERE ELSE?” the female agent hollers, clearly having lost her cool.
John can’t see Sherlock but he’s certain that if he had been here with him, the man would’ve flinched.
They fall silent, the only sound that Sherlock can hear being the gentle whispering inhales and exhales of a certain John Watson.
At this, he bends down once again, his lips slotting against Sherlock’s as the man whimpers, his fingers digging into John’s back. The pressure only serves to egg him on, John licking a seam down Sherlock’s closed lip, feeling the dips and creases in the chapped skin as Sherlock moans, his fingers migrating to John’s cheeks to pull him closer.
“You will look after him for me, won’t you?” he says as Mary reaches out to him, wrapping him in an embrace.
“I have,” Sherlock replies indignantly, struggling to keep himself calm, “I just didn’t sleep very well is all.”
John’s there, the edges of his silhouette bright against the dull darkness of the doorway, the glint of his gun barely perceptible in the moonlight.
“It’s beautiful when you react to me honey,” John smirks, his eyes roving over Sherlock’s trembling body. His nipples are probably one of the most sensitive parts of his body, John has found. It’s the quickest way to get Sherlock hard and oh-
He shakes his head, desperately trying to get the residual static from the gas out of his head, forcing himself to concentrate.
“It was rather obvious really,” Sherlock starts, grinning widely before continuing, “The first giveaway was the heating and the lightbulbs to be honest.”
“We’re planning on going to that pizza place down in the southern part of campus,” John grins warmly, “Would you like to join us?”
He’s currently clutching several plastic bags, all of which he had had to pay for because he’d forgotten to bring bags of his own. He might have gone a little overboard, he muses, seeing as he’s bought at least two jugs of milk and three cartons of eggs (one never knows when one might need raw materials for experiments).
He still can’t believe that they managed to make it here, after all that miscommunication and confusion. He thought he’d never have a shot with Sherlock, or that his possessive nature would be the undoing of their relationship and yet… the man is still here, still with him, prepared to see him through any mistake or error that he might make, any high and low.
“John Watson,” he rumbles, shifting off John’s lips in favour of burying his lips against John’s ear.
“She lied, we never had sex, or to put it more succinctly, I’ve never had sex with anybody else EVER,” Sherlock huffs. He rolls his eyes, watching as the pieces of the puzzle start to slot together slowly in John’s head.
“No need for that now,” he says, allowing the sheets of paper to fall to the floor, “Got the real thing. I have work to do.”
And judging from the sound of the falling water, it probably leads down into a deep plunge pool, carved out from the force of the pounding waterfall flowing directly behind him.
“John, it was a knee-jerk reaction and I pushed you too far. And yeah, maybe it was unacceptable… But you still had the presence of mind to be sorry about it, so clearly you aren’t as bad as you think you are.”
It’s often either too cold or too dry, and dark clouds tend to have a bad habit of hanging ominous curtains over what would normally be known as sunny days.
“I love you, John Watson,” he murmurs, into the vee below the man’s neck, nuzzling gently into the warm skin there.
Unclasping his hand from Sherlock’s waist, John turns to the cupboard, seeking out their collection of client-given wine. He picks the oldest bottle of them all, giving it a good look at before drawing out the wine glasses and setting them on the kitchen table.
Sherlock opens his eyes, turning abruptly back to face John. That voice had definitely been John’s. Definitely. But John already knew the contents of the cocktail of drugs that he had taken… so why would he be asking that question?
"Thank god for that though," he says, smiling grimly as he takes another swig of tea, "Otherwise this murder might not even have been reported."
And even if he does, Sherlock can’t allow him. Sherlock loves him too much to watch him break under the strain of an unfulfilling relationship with him. He can’t break John’s heart, he can’t.
There’s no bathroom in this room, he muses, shaking his head as he surveys the room before him. Strange, there must be an en suite somewhere…
“John, the bathroom!” he calls as he hurdles over the sofa, racing towards the open door with John on his tail, though the man is less successful in his attempt at jumping over the sofa.
Mrs Hudson smiles in response, gathering the polished off plates and empty cups, setting them on the tray.
“During the time that you’ve been sleeping?” John says, extending a hand. Sherlock reaches for it, holding it tightly as John hauls him to his feet. “Not much… I don’t think.”
“The game is over,” he insists, knowing that Sherlock can’t not reply to that. It’s a false statement in every sense of the word, and one that clearly, even John himself doesn’t seem to believe in, going by the look on his face.
“I mean, we can go if you want to. If you’re not free… I mean… if you don’t want to…” John struggles, his face looking slightly downcast.
Well, David has the right to be scared after all. Even Sherlock wouldn't dare face a furious John Watson. Not in a million years.
John has clearly been at work in the kitchen, the scent of bacon and eggs hitting him squarely in the face the moment he reaches the living room.
But why have the man show up again? Why have him haunt the edges of Sherlock’s mind even now when he wants to wake up? It doesn’t make any sense.
“That impressive, huh?” he teases as he pinches the tip of the rubber, rolling it on. Sherlock merely blinks in response, his eyes widening as John opens the lube packet, rubbing it in his hands to warm it before coating his cock liberally with it.
“Sherlock,” John says, struggling not to laugh, “If Mycroft couldn’t keep a secret, they wouldn’t have put him in charge of the British government.”
"He feels a sudden blossoming of warmth in his chest, a tiny ember glimmering feebly in deep darkness before bursting into flame. It feels like golden treacle is seeping through every vein, every pore in his body, winding its way around his coronary arteries into his heart, and Sherlock, for the first time in a very long time, watches as a tiny spark of hope springs to life."
“Fine,” he sighs, dropping his head as he returns his gaze to the glass casing, his nose scrunching up as he scrutinises the shoe sitting innocuously on the stand.
“After we finished our O levels, we said our goodbyes and Victor left. I believe that that was the last I saw of him,” Sherlock continues, almost wistfully. “Well of course until now that is.”
“It’s on the tip of my tongue,” he repeats, one last time, sending alarm bells ringing in Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock slumps back, sinking into the soft fabric. He hurls his mobile across the room, the electronic device coming to rest on the sofa opposite.
“We both know why we’re here Sherlock,” she grins, looking almost happy, her eyes roaming over Sherlock’s face as he tries to make out a growl, “I’m certain the moment you took up my offer, you knew you had chosen death?”
“No, it didn’t,” John whispers back, clutching Sherlock tightly as he grins back at him, eyes dancing with laughter.
After all those years of pestering Sherlock to do the grocery shopping, John’s wish has finally been granted.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, smiling. He then turns to face John, John whose face is bathed in warm light, his blue eyes bright and sparkling. Sherlock looks away now, cheeks slightly red.
“Well,” John mumbles as Sherlock lets out a deep sigh, his gaze hooded as he struggles to catch his breath, “That’s one g spot down.”
He instead fixes his eyes on Sherlock’s arse, marvelling silently over the smooth globes before pressing a tentative palm to one cheek, dragging his fingertips down the gentle curve of skin.
And because of this, John steps out of the shower first, wiping himself down with a towel, waiting till Sherlock finishes before handing it to him. Sherlock takes it gladly, wrapping himself in it and stepping out of the shower. (There’s unfortunately only one towel and it seems that the hotel had only set up the room for a one person stay)
“Hey,” John chuckles softly when they part for air, reaching a palm up to Sherlock’s cheek and using his thumb to gently wipe away the tears accumulating there, “None of that okay.”
John appears to be in a state of confusion, his jaw working up and down against Sherlock’s shoulder, as if wondering where he’s gone wrong.
However, if he were to be honest, studying is probably one of his least worrying problems right now.
Sherlock is absolutely adorable whenever he thinks no one is watching, when he lets down his guard and John has always been privileged to bear witness to these small moments.
“I wish I could believe you,” is all he says as he rolls over, back to his spot on the sofa beside Sherlock.
It’s literally in the middle of nowhere and Sherlock has next to no idea why anyone would have built a warehouse all the way out here.
“John,” Sherlock moans, unsure of what else to say, his mind already swimming in endorphins, “John, oh god-”
Sherlock does so reluctantly, wondering how obvious he’s being, whether John will be able to read the lines of hurt and sorrow on his face.
“It’s so sweet it makes me sick,” John lets out a chuckle at this, prompting Irene to grin in triumph. At least humour still works on him.
“Oh Sherlock,” John breathes when they part for air, Sherlock still desperately clinging onto John like a lifeline, as if he’ll fade away if he lets go.
“BECAUSE IF YOU REALLY MUST KNOW, IT’S BECAUSE I WANTED YOU TO BE HAPPY!” he cries, tears filling his eyes before he reels back, cupping his lips in horror.
“Well I guess there’s no surprise in that really,” he says, trying to sound as normal as he can possibly be, “We’ve got really nice campuses, really great food and amazing weather. It’s no surprise that he’d want to come here.”
Sherlock’s sexuality isn’t a secret to John, he’d found that out the week after they’d met. Sherlock’s friend Irene Adler had come bustling up to them in the cafeteria during lunch, remarking about how it was nice that Sherlock had “finally found himself a boyfriend worth keeping.”
“You can ask him yourself in the morning,” Sherlock replies as he slams his bedroom door in her face.
Sherlock sighs as John ends the call, the audible tap on the other side of the line ringing in his ears as he sets his phone down on the sofa.
He listens as John gives a loud grunt, spilling over his chest in warm strips of come before collapsing onto him, his face coming to rest near Sherlock’s.
“They’re here,” Mycroft says, his eyes steely as he turns to Sherlock who quickly contorts his face into a blank mask of impassivity, resting his hands behind his back.
“I’m not sure if I have anything that fits you Sherlock,” he blushes as he answers, stepping into his pyjama pants. “I didn’t exactly… anticipate this. But I do have a jumper you can wear. It’s quite cold-”
Yay!!! I'm done with exams but BOOO I HAVE TO FINISH THIS FIC BEFORE SEASON 4 AIRS AHHHHHHHHH. I hope I can finish man. I'm rushing it out as best as I can HAHAHA. Hope you enjoy this chapter!
“I’ve wanted this so much and for so long and I’m pretty sure it’s the same way for you too,” he bends to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s forehead, “I want to do this, back at Baker Street, the right way.”
“Sherlock, turn over now, that’s an order,” John snarls sternly, slapping Sherlock’s left butt cheek to make his point clear.
She’d kissed away every cut and bruise, cradling him closely whenever the other kids had bullied him, constantly telling him that he was special and loved and that the other kids were all idiots.
“Hmmmmm,” John hums as his fingers slither further down, deftly avoiding Sherlock’s groin even as the man shifts himself, trying to align his cock with John’s hands.
“How long will you be here for?” Sherlock blurts out. He has to know, he has to know how long he gets to keep John before he leaves again, before he leaves him for… John finally looks up from the table as he says this, sea blue eyes boring into his own grey-blue ones. There is a grim set to his jaw and a deep sadness in his eyes as he replies, “I don’t know… I really don’t know.”
So John hadn't realised that Sherlock was talking about him. God, Sherlock thinks, he really gives the man too much credit sometimes.
“Either sounds good,” John hollers from some way up the stairs, “though I haven’t had Thai in a while. Mary hates Thai, so I’ve not had it since the last time I was here.”
“Mary did a lot of freelance work back in the day,” Mycroft explains, “But several years ago, her trail went cold, her status inactive. We knew of her of course, our intelligence agencies were all aware of her… unscrupulous work, so this did puzzle us.”
It’s a perfect dip really, Sherlock thinks, smiling up at John. John grins back, his cheeks cherry red from exhilaration...
“No, John,” Sherlock mumbles, reaching to grasp one of John’s hands, “It’s not our anniversary. In fact, it’s not a date I… would have expected you to remember.”
“There was no way of doing that,” Sherlock responds, “When Moriarty and I met on that roof that day, he threatened to kill you, Mrs Hudson and Lestrade. Despite the fact that the gunman on site had seen me survive, Mycroft was able to convince him to put down his gun and tell the other two snipers that I had successfully committed suicide. If anybody outside the few of us, especially one of Moriarty’s remaining contacts had known that I’d survived, they might have decided to finish the job. I couldn’t let that happen.” He sighs before continuing, “Although, I can’t lie. Mycroft and I had been planning this trip for a long time. We were planning on eliminating Moriarty somehow and taking down his web.” At this, John turns to face him, expression incredulous.
“That’s an answer only the recycling bin can provide us with,” Sherlock smirks, evidently enjoying himself. “You said the crime took place only two days ago?” he says, directing his gaze towards Lestrade who nods. “Then the recycling bin should have all its contents completely intact,” he finishes this with a sudden dramatic turn, swooping off towards the entrance with his coat fanning out behind him.
“Why didn’t you bring me along?” John asks, looking absolutely dejected. “This… this wouldn’t have happened to you if I’d been there, I’m sure of it.”
“Really?” Sherlock’s face lights up, “Well in that case, Victor! Come over here. I want you to meet John.”
He rests the bottles on the concrete floor, careful to ensure that neither of them will accidentally overturn as he picks up Mary’s letter, ripping it neatly in half.
He clutches his hair in fistfulls as the voices continue to run circles around each other, chasing down threads of endless thought that Sherlock cannot bear to follow.
“Sherlock,” John repeats, voice cracking, “Sherlock there's something-” At this, he flicks his eyes down towards Sherlock’s lips, his thumb coming to brush the corner gently.
Sherlock gulps, staring enraptured as John's other hand comes to wrap around the other side of his face, cradling his cheek reverently.
“It’s alright John,” she says, patting him on the shoulder before making her way towards the stairwell.
“You’re fine?” he queries, his eyes locking with Sherlock’s as he leans in, planting a quick kiss on his cheek.
There’s nothing much out of the ordinary to be honest. Just a small jar of sleeping pills (which seems to have gone unopened for a long period of time), a fine-toothed comb and brush (probably obtained from a hotel somewhere) and oh… there’s a picture.
“Lestrade, you’ve been standing outside our door for approximately five minutes. Do make up your mind on whether you’re joining us or not,” he says in deep baritone.
Why is the man continuing to press the issue? No good is going to come of it and the only purpose it’s serving is pissing Sherlock off.
It’s absolutely silent now the car has stopped, John’s heavy breaths coming all the more sharply in the thickening static between them.
“Did you check the recycling bin?” Sherlock prods. He has a few theories and he's certain that this one is correct.
“You…” John starts, his features solid as stone as he glares at Magnussen, his eyes as hard as granite. “... put me in a fire, for leverage?”
“Do come in dear, it’s chilly out,” she continues, holding the door open as John smiles back, slipping in past her.
Hah, he thinks to himself, Victor might have the upperhand in this battle, but he clearly forgot to feed Sherlock, not really boyfriend-ly of him huh? Maybe John does have a shot after all.
He struggles to keep his breathing even as John extends a familiar arm forward, clutching Sherlock’s shoulder as he wraps his arms around his torso.
"He shot himself, making it impossible for us to make him retract that command, meaning that everybody in his network knew that you were to die if I did not make the jump. Which is why we had to make some modifications to the plan. I jumped so that you could verify my death, your word would have been the best proof for my apparent death that went unseen by anyone else other than the few that were in on the plan. We also refrained from telling you later for your own safety, something that I had initially planned on doing, lest someone come after you to finish the job or even worse, interrogate you over my whereabouts if they’d found out I was alive and we’d made contact. I could not let that happen John, I could not.”
How dare she, how dare she attack him like this at his weakest. She knows full well that he has poor self control...
“Please,” Cameron sighs, “The whole of London knows you, especially those who read the tabloids. You’re Mr Holmes and Dr. Watson, best crime-solving team of the 21st century. So, if you don’t mind, can we please begin this investigation because I really want to find out who killed Jem.” He raises his voice a little at this, sneering slightly at Sherlock before slumping back into the sofa.
“However, no matter how protective you’ve ever been over your friends or even me, never have you ever infringed on our privacy or personal space and I know for a fact that you’d never willingly do so-”
But it's too much pressure, too many thoughts jumbled in an incoherent mess inside his head and Sherlock has no idea what to do, no idea what to say.
“They’ll be extracting Lily soon after,” John answers, “Mary has her daily nap at around 7 after dinner so they’ll take her when she’s sleeping. We always put Lily in the cot so it shouldn’t be hard.”
John’s being extremely careful with Sherlock’s fingers, handling them so gently that one would think that they were made of glass. Normally, Sherlock would be annoyed by the gesture but for now...
John shakes his head, chuckling as he starts forward, Sherlock and Victor following after him. They need to be done by 2 p.m. They’ll be meeting Mike and Irene for lunch down at the discount diner and John would rather not be late (Irene is rather terrifying when pissed).
“I keep you DOWN!” he yells once again, aiming for Sherlock’s side this time. Sherlock grunts the moment Moriarty’s foot makes contact, groaning in pain as Moriarty falls to his knees, leaning into Sherlock’s personal space.
Mycroft had been sugarcoating the situation but Sherlock had picked up on enough verbal cues to know what the Mycroft had truly meant.
John doesn’t respond to this, his head still smushed up against his shirtsleeves so Mike sighs, reaching a hand over to squeeze John’s shoulder.
John instinctively starts to panic, his breathing increasing slightly at the thought of being plunged into loneliness again. Thankfully, Sherlock seems to sense his fear.
He blushes, his breaths stuttering for a moment under the openness of John’s gaze before he affixes himself back to reality, reaching for John’s shoulder and gently tugging him forward.
“It’s just, I really like him,” John groans, collapsing head-first onto their study table, the exaggerated motion prompting Mike to shake his head. “I really do and I don’t know if I can handle seeing him together with someone else.”
They kiss for a bit longer, their lips coming together in a slow, elaborate tango as they meet each over and over again eagerly.
It’s a small bag, one that could probably only afford to carry one or two changes of clothing on top of toiletries and general necessities.
“And after all that, she didn’t even possess enough shame to let me name her child,” John carries on, sighing ruefully “Who the fuck did I choose to marry?”
John steels himself one final time, his jaw tightening as he reaches for the dog tags, the words Sherlock Holmes grinning back at him as his fingers descend…
Lestrade reaches for the bag, heaving it onto the nearest raised surface. He unties it, poring over the bag’s contents as John and Sherlock look on (Sherlock does so with a smug grin on his face).
Sherlock smiles warmly, fixing John with the brightest smile he can muster before nodding his head, stepping forward and planting a kiss on John’s forehead.
Sherlock gives his head a violent shake, forcing away thoughts of John as he turns back to the groceries, proceeding to unpack more of the foodstuff.
“That’s my girl,” he replies, trying to sound as cheerful as possible as he smiles back. He watches as Mary turns around, cutting a jarring figure into the landscape as she walks over to John’s side.
It’s oddly calming and Sherlock can feel his heartbeat slowing, his body swaying in time with the unpredictable bumps and dips in the road. His mind is finally clearing, allowing him to think with clarity again.
It’s a little surprising because John had assumed that, considering the state of things, that he was the party who was more keyed up, the person who’d be the first to lose their minds in bliss.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes. He certainly hadn’t expected that. “Oh, of course,” he manages. He breathes an internal sigh of relief. So John doesn’t actually intend to leave him after all, or at least he doesn’t wish to have that conversation right now.
There’s a bright gleam in Sherlock’s eyes, a look indicative of a cat that’s gotten its cream. John seems to have noticed it too because he’s quit staring at Cameron like he wants to murder him and is now staring, enraptured, at Sherlock’s face instead.
John has never overtly shown any interest in Harry’s affairs. Sure, he’s responded to her calls and helped her through rehab, routinely visiting her to ensure that she had been alright. However, he’d always done so with a slight reluctance, as if only choosing to attend to her needs due to a strong sense of duty towards his younger sibling rather than mutual affection.
John moves to sit up, tugging himself out of Sherlock’s grasp as he shifts towards the edge of the bed.
Sherlock grumbles in response, turning back to focus on the slides he’d brought over from Baker Street, adjusting the focus knobs so that a magnified image swims into focus.
“Finding chivalry sexy… hmmm… that sounds like you,” Sherlock chuckles softly as he turns to face John, fixing him with a besotted look.
Sherlock blushes, his cheeks going red as he rises from his seat, walking over to the cupboard. He returns with the tumbler of crisps, popping the cover open and proceeding to munch on them loudly.
He’s wearing a pirate hat in the picture, a present from his aunt from an earlier birthday. He has no idea where it is now.
When he’s satisfied, he uncaps the shower gel, working his way down the man’s neck and shoulders, massaging the tensed muscles he finds there.
Turning to face the house instead, Sherlock raises his head, tilting his nose upwards, hoping that Watson takes the hint and doesn’t pursue any further conversation.
“Hmmm…” she hums before snapping herself back to reality. “Oh yes, I was… at some point. I was a lecturer at Cambridge for a while and then at Oxford… And after that I got an offer to go to the US for Harvard... But, I decided that I needed to spend more time with Sherlock and Mycroft so I put my teaching career on hold. All I’ve done since then is write textbooks. Hardly anything interesting really, but it was worth it I suppose.”
An electrical current seems to zing down Sherlock’s spine at those words, his skin stiffening as he turns to Moriarty, his face fearful.
It’s alright Sherlock, I understand. What we have to focus on now isn’t really the how or why, but rather, on what his next move will be.
Sherlock had turned back to his textbook, murmuring to himself even as his cheeks turned a bright shade of pink and John had grabbed his stuff and made his exit right then and there.
“You’re scared of losing control, aren’t you?” Sherlock murmurs, unbuttoning his pants and shifting them up and off his waist, “Scared of hurting me?”
“I’m not entirely sure myself,” he answers. John giggles in response as his eyes flutter open, hauling his body up the bed to plant a soft kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
“I will kill her, I will I-” John growls before stopping himself, deliberately switching the tone of his voice to something far calmer, probably to soothe him, “Sherlock she fooled both of us. There’s no need to beat yourself up about it. You’re not the one who married her.”
Making his way to the door, Sherlock holds his breath, gingerly sidestepping a particularly dangerous looking section of steel before slowly exhaling when he reaches the safer wooden platform.
He watches as John’s gaze completes another circuit of the airfield before he finally turns towards him, his left hand visibly shaking
Bright sunshine is pouring through the open window, pooling in golden patches on the carpeted floor, suggesting that it’s around… 11 in the morning? Which means the Sherlock has slept for 10 hours straight, the longest stretch he's ever managed at one go.
John is tearing, his voice wobbling as he presses his lips into a thin line, forcing himself to continue.
but Sherlock knows that John understands them all the same because the man leans in, his forehead bumping into his shoulder.
Sherlock flops back onto the bed, curling up in his blanket cocoon as he struggles to connect the dots.
“That I’m willing to share with my mad roommate who has completely forgotten to get dinner for himself,” John retorts, smirking down at Sherlock, “Come, scoot over and we can share.”
It was then that he had caught a whiff of chicken. He’d whipped his head quickly around to face the kitchen, his gaze falling on a solitary, still steaming bowl of chicken broth and a cup of tea.
He sighs as John turns instead to nibble at his ear, massaging his scalp gently before slipping his hand further, stroking roughly down his neck, his back, his buttocks…
Sherlock gulps, head raised to the ceiling, looking upwards inquisitively just as the floor gives way below him.
He reaches around Sherlock’s body, dragging Sherlock’s head down to rest beneath his chin, up against his chest.
John’s face darkens as he says this, prompting Sherlock to raise a reassuring hand to John’s cheek, caressing the skin there gently.
“I think…” Sherlock gasps as John shifts, his erection lining up with Sherlock’s thigh, “I have a good idea-”
He starts with the top of John’s body, lathering some soap into his palm as he smoothes his fingers over the mangled scar tissue on John’s shoulder. John hums in answer, locking eyes with him as he continues to swirl the pads of his fingertips over the patch of skin there, taking great care not to miss a spot, before moving on to John’s chest.
“Maybe?” he responds shyly, cheeks turning a deeper crimson and John can’t help but lick his lips at the sight.
Sherlock sideyes John, a signal for John to take the reins from him. John’s always been better at these kind of things than he has.
Sherlock rushes over to examine the object. John’s holding up a bottle, a vodka bottle in fact. It’s empty but there’s still a trace of liquid at the base of the bottle. And the liquid is colourless, as expected of vodka. Sherlock digs back into the recycling bin, pulling out a sheet of newspaper.
Morning light seeps through the windows as Sherlock makes his way to the kitchen, his stomach growling as he tiptoes towards the fridge.
He sighs happily, his eyes sliding shut as he presses his forehead up against John’s chest, threading his fingers through the hand that’s currently resting possessively on his hip.
“No, it’s not,” John hums. He presses a kiss to each toe in answer, holding onto Sherlock’s ankle as he licks a long line up the sole and surprisingly, Sherlock’s hips buck off the bed.
Sherlock rises from his seat hurriedly, desperate to return to the comforting familiarity of Baker Street.
“... So you really have to tell me Sherlock, what exactly is it that you want? Please, I need to know.”
His bow flies over the strings, a vibrant melody that carries him around the room. Wisps of rosin rise from the waist of his violin as he spins around the room, managing a perfect pirouette without his bow leaving the strings.
“More like I’d rather there be a more balanced resolution to this joint decision we’re about to embark on together,” Sherlock replies, tilting his chin upwards as John sighs, the driver starting the engine with a soft rumble.
He's bending forward before he realises it, long dark lashes brushing against pale skin as his eyes fall closed.
Sherlock smiles as he picks up the thin sheet of glossy paper, handling it gingerly as he settles the photograph on his lap.
Sherlock has next to no clue as to how Moriarty got here since the man has literally nothing to do with the case at hand. In fact, he’s pretty sure that in designing this world, he hadn’t created a Victorian Moriarty.
He raises his arm, extending it towards John, resting a hand on his shoulder. John lifts his face to Sherlock’s, who gives him a reassuring nod. John sighs, burying his face in his palms.
“Because I want to do this properly,” John says sincerely, bending down to plant another firm kiss on Sherlock’s lips, “I don’t want our first time to be a goddamn quickie in your brother’s hired car.”
“I’ll try to, Mary. No promises though, if Sherlock’s condition worsens I will have to extend my stay at Baker Street.”
“I Have Loved and I Have Lost,” he begins, tone calm with an undercurrent of utter fury. “I have held my entire world in my hands and watched as it crumbled to dust under my care. I have given up the one thing I’ve loved the most and watched as it left me to be with another!” he barks at Cameron, glowering at him viciously. “I let the person I love leave because I recognised my own ineptitude in providing proper love and affection. I let them go. YOU. Did. Not.”
“And admirably high arches,” Sherlock retorts. God, anyone would have noticed that Lady Carmichael was exceptionally intelligent. “I noticed them as soon as she stepped into the room.”
But now the ache is palpable, a throbbing force in his chest that Sherlock can’t even begin to comprehend as he pushes his way through the hospital doors, charging towards the lift.
John’s eyes widen at the sound, his noodles plopping back into the container as he turns back to Sherlock in shock.
But Sherlock bends down instead, fixing John with a knowing look. He leans in swiftly, pressing his lips firmly to John’s.
He finishes the sentence with a singsong lilt, watching as the duvet shifts, revealing the tousled curls of one Sherlock Holmes who moves to sit. His scruffy hair forms a dark halo around his head as he peers up at John with wide eyes.
And as much as Sherlock hates to admit it, Mary’s words do seem to resonate with the current situation.
“God Sherlock”, he murmurs as Sherlock continues to stroke his back, massaging his shoulders gently, “Where did all of that come from?”
They thankfully manage some semblance of small talk towards the end of the journey. Sherlock’s impatience subsiding slightly as John attempts to calm his nerves (and by extension his own), trying to direct the flow of the conversation to less stressful things like dinner plans and the safe house they are going to be sent to.
He nips experimentally at John’s lower lip, his endorphin-addled mind somehow thinking that that is a good idea.
John looks on, smiling adoringly at Sherlock as the man continues to scoop more and more food up like a starving man.
“WHAT DO YOU KNOW OF LOVE?” Cameron shouts, “I read that Janine Hawkins article, you know. The one where she disses you to high hell. What was it she called you… what was it hmmm... Manipulative? Cold and unfeeling? Don’t lecture me about my relationships when you can’t even get yours right.”
He’s been lucky so far though, he thinks to himself as he pulls out a sandwich that Mrs Hudson had pre-prepared a day or two back, he would have expected John to have woken up by now, seeing that his friend possessed the instincts of an ex-military man.
, John thinks to himself as he rubs his eyes, brushing away the sleep dust before rising groggily, glancing at the clock on their bedside table.
It doesn’t take long before their lips are drawn forward, melding into each other in one simple movement as John moves to cup Sherlock’s face in his hands.
An awkward silence ensues, pervading the space between them as Sherlock’s eyes scan the horizon, purposefully looking anywhere but John.
John pictures rolling waves, soft seafoam that crashes upon the shore, the warmth of the sand beneath his feet…
“The bit where you told me that you were a fake,” John bites out, gritting his teeth as his eyes meet Sherlock’s.
This is probably the closest they’ve ever been, Sherlock thinks, the most intimate situation they’ve ever been in. It’s then that he feels a gloved hand pressing lightly on his flesh and he can’t take it, it’s too much. He can feel that patch of skin there immediately erupting into goosebumps and oh god, he’s going to have to look away if he wants to avoid any more embarrassing reactions like this because the feel of John’s bare skin on his own is positively electric.
He lets out a long exhale, watching as his breaths turn to puffs of white, curling and mixing with the dust in the air before vanishing.
Mrs Hudson either doesn’t notice this or pretends not to notice as she continues, “So John, how are you?”
“That’ll always be amazing,” he breathes and Sherlock feels like the luckiest man in the world. He can tell he’s blushing slightly so he turns to face the floor for a while to collect himself.
“Yapping?” John spouts, his brow furrowing in poorly disguised anger, “Sorry, did we interrupt your session?”
He locks eyes with Mycroft, his brother holding his gaze as his face morphs into something softer, something a lot more... human.
“But when it comes to the matter of unarmed combat on the edge of a precipice…” he starts again. And this time, Moriarty’s smile falls, earning Sherlock a silent moment of glee, “... you’re going in the water... short-arse.”
There’s nothing for it now though. There’s literally no escape. He doesn’t feel particularly up to jumping out of the window and John is clearly not planning on leaving till he gets an answer.
He hasn’t done this in years though. The last time this happened had been way back in his uni days, back when he had a death wish and didn’t want to live past 30.
Sherlock’s entrance is a flaming red, the hole there fluttering as Sherlock thrusts up off the bed, still seeking contact and John growls at the sight.
Sherlock has no idea how on earth to respond to this, god this is the second time today that this has happened, and instead watches as John fiddles with his teaspoon as an awkward silence descends upon them.
idk when I'll be able to update next since school has really really picked up but I hope to get another chapter up during recess week (4 weeks from now). See you guys then I guess. Hope you guys enjoyed this update!!! I'll admit though, I took longer on this one because I was writing the other teenlock fic.
He shouldn’t have come up here, he thinks to himself as he makes his way to the door. It would have been better if he hadn’t found the thumbdrive at all. God, now it’s going to drive him up the wall just thinking about it.
Sherlock purrs at the sensation, holding John close as his cock spurts a few more times before slackening against his body.
“John had become self-aware Sherlock,” Mycroft answers, drawing Sherlock’s focus back to him, “Any hostile signs towards Mary would have put a great strain on their relationship and could have possibly resulted in an… outburst of sorts. That was extremely undesirable so I told John to keep him safe, so that he’d wait till Mary gave birth before showing any overt hatred towards her.”
“You okay?” John murmurs, squeezing Sherlock’s hand where their entwined fingers rest up against Sherlock’s thigh. “You looked quite deep in thought there.”
He’s the king of deductions and yet he didn’t manage to figure out this one important thing that was staring at him right in the face.
But even though his head has said it's piece, his heart is telling him something entirely different -
“I mean, I shouldn’t have done that- er, gotten that close to you especially since there’s that guy that you like. Sorry if I made you uncomfortable… in any way,” John breathes, looking extremely upset. His bottom lip quivering slightly.
“Don’t worry...” she says, Sherlock sensing her grin through her words. She knows that he’s taken the drugs - that she’s won. But right now, Sherlock can’t be arsed to care about it.
Because John has made a mistake, a huge mistake and as much as Sherlock would like for them to rebuild their relationship, or even embark on something new, John cannot be allowed to continue.
Sherlock’s lips wobble as he continues his melancholy tune, remembering the pain of being captured, of being tortured, of wanting everything to stop - to just stop.
He'd spent the better half of the last afternoon drawing circles on his palms in a bid to soothe his aching nerves and boredom, eventually giving it up as a hopeless endeavour before tucking the pen safely away into his shirt pocket.
John moans in response, feeling his lover’s body tense up against him. He pulls off, giving the area one last swipe with his tongue before sitting up, wiping his lip with the back of his hand as he surveys him work.
Sherlock knows his brain is going sleep-addled, that this behaviour is A BIT NOT GOOD but at this point he really doesn't care. He nuzzles sleepily into John's neck, inhaling John's scent, a welcoming aroma that sets his lungs aflame. He has no idea what to do with his hands but his sleep-fuzzed brain seems to think that resting them on John's chest is a good idea, which he does. He searches for John’s heartbeat, spreading his fingertips out across his chest, sighing softly when he feels the reassuring thumping of John’s heart before balling his hands up, clutching tightly to John's singlet. He hears John's breathing hitch but he's so far gone he doesn't think much of it.
, he thinks as he continues to gaze at the message, assuring himself that John is safe and sound and is on his way here.
Mycroft fixes him with another knowing look before backing towards the nose of the plane, beckoning Sherlock to follow.
“John?” he whispers, voice quivering as he turns his face around, hoping that John isn’t too repulsed by the scars on his back.
Sherlock finishes his monologue, his gaze softening even as John’s hair stands on end, inwardly panicking because shit has Sherlock seen through him?
Also I just realised that most people don't call USB sticks "thumb drives" but I'm too lazy to change so... yup that's what a thumb drive is basically, a USB stick
“Well, he’s just coming over to check out the universities here and there,” Sherlock responds “His family’s financial situation is a lot more stable now so he’s expressed some interest to study here in the UK.”
“You’re alright,” comes John’s voice once again as Sherlock grabs hold of John’s jumper, his fingers dragging and digging into the wool as he breathes slowly into John’s chest, struggling to calm himself down.
“Wait,” Sherlock says, suddenly remembering something. “Mr Holmes? How do you know my name? I don’t believe we’ve been introduced just yet.”
“Sherlock… How did your brother explain away Magnussen’s death to prevent your incarceration?” John gulps, staring up wide-eyed at the screen, blinking fitfully as his sturdy hands begin to tremble.
He has a sudden flashback to when his parents were dancing, lost in each other eyes as Mycroft looked on disdainfully, absolutely disgusted.
“Actually Sherlock,” John questions, surfacing from his thoughts, “That night when you went out with Victor, what on earth did you catch? We could try that side of town later is there was anything good.”
“Well, there you are, you see?” Sherlock spits, his voice cracking a little. If Watson had known this all already, then why has he been pressing him? “I’ve said it all before.”
“Found some chicken in the fridge,” it had read, “thought that it’d made a nice broth for breakfast.”
But was that enough really? Was that enough evidence to prove that asking Sherlock Holmes out on a date wouldn't be met with an instant rejection?
In short, he's basically walked into a trap that his subconscious has set for him. And knowing his subconscious, he's probably not going to get out of this one till his brain is satisfied with a sacrifice of emotional upheaval.
“Fuck,” Sherlock curses as goosebumps erupt over the patch of skin there, John smiling against his chest as he brings his other hand down, nudging at Sherlock’s other thigh gently.
“And may I ask, what on earth is being transmitted?” Sherlock adds on, fixing the lady with a stern glare.
He pushes John off him roughly, breathing heavily as he begins to gather his wits, staring up at John with terrified eyes.
He kisses back as good as he can, his lips worrying a spot on John’s top lip as John’s hands scrabble for purchase in his curls, tightening their hold for a moment before releasing and moving on to another patch of hair. It's as if John can’t believe that he’s really there, as if he’s trying to constantly prove to himself that Sherlock isn’t going away.
Sherlock’s face reddens almost immediately, his footsteps stuttering as John flashes a look of abject confusion at Victor.
It’s like a switch has been flicked in Sherlock’s brain, as if something happened to hop in and rewire the circuits in under a split second, because suddenly... everything is crystal clear.
One day he’d simply woken up, in the bed in the drab concrete bedroom that he didn’t even recognise. It wasn’t his, that was for sure, the sheets beneath his body had felt unfamiliar and rough, the pillows hard and uncomfortable.
John won’t be there at the end of a long day to scoff at him, smile at him or even ask him questions about his experiments anymore so what’s the point really.
It would have been better if he’d gotten to talk to Sherlock more tonight. However, all he’s gotten have been shy smiles that Sherlock has flashed his way every now and then.
The John voice had said that he’d loved him, had tried to soothe the other voice’s worries and fears. It sounded like he cared about this Sherlock a lot, as if he was someone extremely important to him.
Sherlock sighs as the man lets out a loud groan, his hand stilling against him as his cock pulses up against Sherlock’s chest, spending itself against his skin.
Sherlock forgets any desire for a protest as John’s lips latch onto his neck, suckling harshly on pale skin and it takes all of Sherlock’s self-control not to scream.
They used to do this, him and Mycroft. Whenever he’d taken drugs, especially when he’d meant to overdose, he would write down a list of drugs he’d taken for Mycroft to find. So that his brother would either know what killed him or what to tell the doctor to treat for, that is if his heart was still been beating by the time Mycroft got to him.
“Just TELL HIM how you feel and be done with it,” she all but yells, “I don’t believe Mike wants to play Aunt Agony for you any longer than I do.”
Sherlock hasn’t seen it since that fateful night. That night when he’d forcefully revealed Mary’s true identity to John and told John that everything that had happened up till then had been entirely his fault. And to top it off, he’d nearly suffered a stroke.
"So thanks to her weekly visits... She discovered the women a day after they'd died, which wasn't so bad for forensics. But get this, upon questioning, she swore that she'd never heard of or seen the other woman before!”
She sighs again, louder this time, the sound grating Sherlock’s ears as he sets the sample on a fresh slide, slipping it under the lens.
The base of the jumper comes up to his thighs, just enough to hide his crotch, leaving it a little suggestive.
It’s large and doesn’t exactly fit… But it’s comfy and it’s John’s so that makes everything all better.
“I can’t compete with that and I don’t want to because Sherlock can date whoever he wants,” he says monotonously, sounding as if he's repeating the words by rote, “It’s his life not mine… But I still hoped-”
They're steady and sure and appear to put less weight on the steps than normal, as indicative from the creaks emitting from the stairway.
“John,” he whispers back, his voice seemingly loud and clear in the silence of the room, a word said like a prayer, an invitation.
“No. I. Did. Not,” Sherlock replies firmly, enunciating each word clearly, hoping that John finally gets the idea.
“Listen here Mr Holmes,” Cameron snarls out, “Sheryl was not a good person. She was a bad influence on Jem.”
Sherlock, satisfied, turns back to the bath, sinking deeper into the water till his neck disappears underneath the soapy bubbles.
“Hurry John!” he calls as John stumbles out of the bathroom after him, “I think Mary might be about to try something!”
There’d been voices. Voices in his goddamn head this time. One sounded like him and the other was this… mysterious Sherlock character.
His eyes alight on Sherlock’s for a moment, almost accusatory, as if he’s suddenly come to the realisation that the real reason why Sherlock is doing this, has been doing all of this, has been because of him and not Mary.
“FUCK!” he yells, his eyes smarting as he stands up abruptly, taking a swipe at the object nearest to him (which just so happens to be Mycroft’s metal pencil holder). It clatters to the floor, spilling its contents out in a messy spiral. Mycroft flinches, John does not. “WHY DIDN’T EITHER OF YOU TELL ME THIS BEFORE.”
If this had happened a few years before, he knows he would have been horrified, appalled even at the fact that he had stooped to such a pedestrian level. But it’s different now, so many things have changed and instead of being reviled at his need for human affection, he finds himself revelling in it.
“Sure, sure,” the man answers, wiping his brow as he draws the door open further, welcoming them in.
John reaches a hand out to stroke Sherlock’s cheek, smiling widely as their gazes lock, dark blue irises meeting electric cerulean and it’s like the whole world has stopped just for the-
He nips at John’s lip again, sharp pinpricks of pain that elicit more moans from John before Sherlock sucks hard, pulling John’s lip in between his, preening inwardly at the knowledge that he made John make those sounds, that John is experiencing pleasure because of him.
John works his jaw for a moment, his lips pursing in thought before he relaxes back into his seat. He reaches a hand to Sherlock’s, gripping it tightly as Sherlock winds his fingers around his.
“You really do love me that much, don’t you?” he murmurs, his eyes half-closed already. He looks happy and sated and Sherlock wants nothing more than for John to be like this forever, satisfied and smiling.
David appears to be extremely uneasy. He's practically sweating like a leaf. His brow is dotted with tiny beads of sweat, his hands shaking as he shuts the door behind them.
But one thing all the files have in common was that there was definitely a large kitchen knife sticking out of the dark-haired woman’s chest. Apparently, it had been taken from the tenant’s kitchen and was devoid of fingerprints, making it harder for the police to track exactly who had done it.
They stare at each other, eyes full of mirth as they once again descend into a fitful of giggles, both of them collapsing backwards onto the bed.
“John, you’re going to be the death of me,” Irene sighs, desperately racking her brain for something else to say. She’s running out of convincing evidence, so she might as well pull out all the stops she can.
Thankfully, before his thoughts begin to spiral any further, John becomes aware of the heavy weight of the dog tags against his chest, the two tags clinking together as he heaves another breath.
Sherlock can read John’s weariness in the slant of his shoulders, in his slow, shuffling steps, in the deliberate manner that he swipes the keycard down the slot, opening the door for both of them to enter.
It feels like they've gone back in time, like Sherlock has fallen asleep and woken up in a time where Mary has never existed, a time where he had never jumped from Barts. A time where he had forfeited love for a mission that he now struggles to forget.
Back in the drab bedroom with the windows that show nothing but white stretching out into nothingness.
“That’s great John,” Sherlock smiles, hugging back as the man in question chuckles, shaking his head as he steps away from him, his deep blue eyes sparkling.
“We'll change and meet you downstairs,” Sherlock continues, nodding in John’s direction. John nods back. He smiles, getting up from his seat and making for the stairs. To be honest, Sherlock is absolutely ecstatic about John’s enthusiasm. It truly feels like the old times again. He remembers one of the rules he had made for himself earlier, that he has the responsibility of ensuring that John is comfortable and happy and this does fit the criteria. And yes, he will endeavour to enjoy every moment of it, he thinks to himself as he rushes off towards his bedroom as well.
Sherlock doesn’t think it’s possible for John’s fist to clench any tighter than before but apparently it is.
Sherlock tries to muster the most sinister grin he can at the moment - which doesn’t quite make the cut since he’s still pretty drowsy so it probably comes out more annoyed than angry.
She looks like John and Mary combined, she really does. Her nose is most definitely John’s, her face shape Mary’s and her eyes... Mary or John, Sherlock isn't sure. The only thing that he's certain of is that John's child is absolutely adorable.
This became the pattern for the next two days, Sherlock waking up just in time to see John off to work.
And they’re off, soft socked feet whispering over dusty carpet as they step in time with the music, the air around them still, save for the soft music playing in the background.
Mary growls, drawing a gun from the pocket of her jacket. She thrusts the barrel up against Sherlock’s heart, cold metal up against Sherlock’s convulsing chest as his heart rate speeds up.
Taking a bite out the sandwich, he relishes in the creamy texture of scrambled egg as he begins to ponder over his late-night conversation with Mary.
Because he loves Sherlock, he really does. So regardless of what Sherlock chooses, he will and should always be supportive of him, there is no question concerning this.
He hadn't been there to soothe John through the loss of his best friend, hadn't been there to love him, to care for him.
He makes his way up the metal stairs, his shoes clinking with the effort as his eyes begin to brim over with tears.
Fuck, his brother had probably taken a good look at his face when he wasn’t looking, observing his bloodshot, reddened eyes, his dilated pupils. God, he shouldn’t have made his mind palace sequence sound so unrealistic and hallucinatory, that’s probably how Mycroft guessed it, since he didn’t seem to be too averse towards him before he boarded the plane.
He listens for a moment as the voice goes silent. 1, 2 seconds pass before the voice all but bursts into sobs.
John’s eyes lock onto Sherlock’s for a moment before he bursts into laughter, Sherlock following him soon after into the pits of “giggling hell”. John’s laughter has always been contagious but to be honest Sherlock is laughing for a completely different reason. Here they are, in a thai restaurant, talking about baby puke at 7p.m. in the evening, of all things. He’s certain that he can't conjure up a more ridiculous situation in his head even if he tries and finds that he is now heartily agreeing with whoever came up with the phrase “truth is stranger than fiction”.
The fifth morning had been a Saturday morning, meaning that John didn’t have to go into work early. Sherlock had woken that morning to bright sunlight streaming through the open windows, pooling in satin puddles in the dips and creases of their shared blanket. He’d snuffled sleepily, lowering his eyelids to dim the glare of the Sun as he turned to John. John’s arms had been resting possessively across his shoulder, his fingers spread across his arm in a slackened grip. Sherlock had shifted his forehead till it rested against John’s chin, rolling his arm slightly forward so that John’s palm now perfectly cupped the curve of his shoulder. He hadn’t been ready to get up just yet.
, he thinks as he shuts off his bunsen burner, striding over to the dining table to pick his phone up.
“Are you sure?” he breathes, “It’s your first time… We can do a whole bunch of other things if you want-”
It’s then that John’s gaze turns almost predatory, his gaze zeroing in on Sherlock, causing him to falter for a moment.
Sighing forlornly, Sherlock gazes around the room once more, sussing out possible exit routes on the off chance that he does manage to escape.
“Sherlock, this is baby puke we’re talking about here,” John is now smiling that lopsided smile of his. The one he wears before he’s about to burst into a fit a giggles.
They eat in silence, silverware clinking loudly against porcelain plates as Sherlock scoops bits of steak into his mouth. He watches John out of the corner of his eye, seeing the man play with his food for a bit before reluctantly swallowing it.
Sherlock retrieves several cans from the bags, piling them swiftly and noisily into the cupboards that he deems clean enough.
Lithium, Beryllium, Boron, Carbon… Sherlock tries reciting the first period of the periodic table in his head but John shifts his palm, dragging his fingertips across his bare skin before his hand comes to rest further down his chest. The motion sets Sherlock’s skin on fire and it feels like the room has suddenly gotten way too hot. His breathing rate is most definitely speeding up now and shit, what comes after Carbon?
And if he's lucky, he might even get a chance to see the “ghost” in action… How very interesting indeed, he thinks to himself as Watson makes an aborted grunt, rising slowly from the greenhouse floor.
“What I worry about, though- was that if this transmission had gone through, the police would have done an inquiry into Magnussen’s death… and guess who the overwhelming evidence would have pointed to.”
Sherlock whips his head around in shock, goosebumps erupting out of his skin as John's gaze shifts to follow his.
He squints, his eyes narrowing as dark patches on the screen begin to appear, resolving themselves into a string of block letters-
Mike waits with bated breath as John unlocks his phone, hoping that he hadn’t been right about Sherlock being in trouble.
John smiles a little bit at this, an unspoken thank you visible in his gaze as he finishes the last bit of his tea.
“Sorry Mrs-” Sherlock starts but Mrs Hudson cuts him off, raising an accusatory gaze at him as she yells, “Sorry doesn't even cover the half of it!”
John’s chest heaves at the sensation, growling slightly as Sherlock kisses his wrist once more before resting his palm against his lips, coating it with warm puffs of air.
John succeeds, for once, in hailing a cab. He tugs at Sherlock’s coat gently, inviting him to enter the cab first before shutting the door behind them.
He takes one last look at the flat, memorising the shape of it as best as he can, locking the memories of post-case bliss, John and him swinging into the living room on an adrenaline high, laughing loudly. John and him watching telly together, their shoulders brushing as Sherlock says something that he knows will make John laugh. The two of them dancing by lamplight as John dips him and kisses him.
“Sherlock,” John whispers. He speaks his name softly, yet the word in itself is weighted with deep gravity, the way someone would refer to something that is most precious to them, the way that someone would refer to a lover.
John wakes up, washes up and goes outside to entertain himself as per his whims and fancies. He builds beaches, constructs meadows… he even bothered to create a waterfall one afternoon.
Sherlock yelps in response, taking the opportunity to dig into John’s bedside drawer as John surveys Sherlock’s cock, his eyes darkening as it springs free, the tip resting up against his navel. It’s longer and slimmer than his, but elegant all the same and John finds that he can’t tear his eyes away-
“WELL WHAT DO YOU THINK JOHN?” he yells with great vitriol, his face burning up with rage, “DO YOU WANT THE TRUTH?”
Cameron’s expression darkens visibly at this, his eyes narrowing into slits. A tense silence follows, with both parties’ eyes locked resolutely onto each others. Cameron breaks first. He sighs, leaning back into his chair.
Thanks so much for reading guys! It means so much to me to see people commenting and giving kudos and aw!!! You guys are so sweet. Love you all!
Sherlock chuckles a little at the sight, remembering that he’d made the hat out of a piece of Mycroft’s homework that he’d stolen. Mycroft had been spectacularly annoying that day and hence, he’d pinched the piece of paper to “put it to good use”.
“David’s house was the perfect hideaway. No one would suspect anything. And clearly, even my brother didn’t,” John’s eyes widen perceptibly, “The last time she was here was a few weeks after New Years - when she remotely orchestrated that fake Moriarty broadcast.”
“Of course I’m sure,” Sherlock rolls his eyes, “I’ve never been sure of anything more in my life! Can’t we just get back to our dorm already. I left my coat back there and I’m starting to get cold.”
John’s eyes widen when he comes to the end of the row of necklaces. For resting precariously on the edge of one of the stands, is a peculiar piece of jewellery, one that he’s never seen before.
He clutches John’s shoulders, fingers wrapped around the curve of the bone there as John’s finger plunges deeper into his body, shifting a little and stretching him there.
“I never really lost interest in it,” Sherlock continues, remembering dancing alone in the sanctity of his room during his younger years, no one watching him, no one judging him, just him with the music coursing through his veins, bringing his body to life in song. “It’s always been something I’ve enjoyed doing.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to answer, a rebuttal on the tip of his tongue before a voice speaks, barely audible even in the silence of the room.
Mycroft had come in yesterday with a sheet of paper for him to sign and a pen, but he’d let him keep the pen. It had been against protocol but Mycroft had done it anyway after Sherlock had asked for it politely.
They lie there for a moment, simply enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies, their fingers tracing paths down each other's backs, John’s following the dips and creases of Sherlock’s scars while Sherlock pays special attention to John’s bullet wound.
“Ah yes, my voracious appetite,” John chuckles, slipping a hand down to cup Sherlock’s hip as he presses a kiss to the man’s cheek.
“But, I’ll probably have to go in and have a talk with him, confirm my theory,” Sherlock mumbles, gesturing towards Lestrade, “Lestrade if you would?”
WELP remember when I said I would update between episodes HAHAHA what a joke. Okay tbh I was a bit disappointed with season 4, which made it really hard for me to come back to this fic. But recently, schoolwork has eased up and I've started to make my peace with this season so voila! New chapter HAHA. I was completely wrong about anything and everything that would happen in season 4 but ah well. What can you do?
“Yeah,” John responds, shifting closer to the dog tags to hear Sherlock better. The dog tags seem to be pulsating with a weaker glow now.
John had made the decision for him in the end, surprising him with a slight nudge to his forehead before letting out a long exhale. He’d tightened his grip on his shoulder, his fingers digging in deeper into pale flesh as Sherlock sighed softly, allowing his head to drop slightly in relief.
“You know that television show that was on CBeebies? Those times that we left the telly on by accident and there was this show with a man and his pet dog who solve mysteries together?” John cocks his head to one side and gazes up at Sherlock, as if to see if he can find any spark of recognition there.
Sunlight is starting to seep in through the curtains, pooling itself in golden puddles on the carpeted floor.
He watches John’s face, the admission that he’d prepared himself seemingly doing it for the older man as John’s grin has turned downright filthy.
“What are you still doing here?” he intones, squinting his eyes at Mycroft, “Shouldn’t you be off getting me a pardon or something, like a proper big brother?”
“Do you know how gorgeous you look right now?” John slurs, bending down to nuzzle into Sherlock’s neck, sending a shiver down his spine.
OK THANKS FOR STICKING WITH ME GUYS! :> This update has been a long time coming and I'm sorry for keeping you waiting. But enough of this! On to the fic! TW: really graphic dreams
Having come to a proper decision after the tumultuous day before (god, had John only just come back yesterday?), Sherlock feels immensely proud of himself. He finally has a game plan, a parameter to work within and he knows exactly what to do next.
“You like that huh?” John breathes, licking a line up Sherlock’s earlobe, “Like how I use you? How I take you? Hmmm?”
Thanks for all your kudos and comments, they keep me interested in the writing when nothing else does uwu
An uncomfortable pause follows. Sherlock and John lock eyes with each other, waiting for someone to make a move. John’s the one who does it. He sighs and turns his face away, breaking eye contact with Sherlock.
Sherlock groans, grinding his hips up into John’s face as John slips his tongue through the ring of muscle, already quite open from the fuck they had had that morning.
“Hmmm…” Sherlock hums, struggling to remove his coat while still remaining seated, “Yeah, that sounds about right.”
“What do you want,” he pouts, but there’s little venom to it. John takes one look at his face and bursts into laughter again so Sherlock puts on a sour face and moves to crawl back up the bed.
John listens as the sound of traffic rushes in, the faint honking of cars in the distance and motorists revving their engines a quiet melody as John slowly comes to himself.
He remembers the photo of him and Redbeard and the telescope, hidden away behind a box in the hallway. He’d intended to retrieve then when he arrived back home, jubilant with success.
“God do you know what your hair does to me?” John breathes, staring down reverently at Sherlock, the man’s eyes screwed tightly shut as he nostrils flare, “Those noises that you’re making.”
“That must have been uncomfortable,” he says, scrunching his brow and peering at the shoe once more before continuing.
He sets the photo frame down again, giving it one last lingering grin before poring over the rest of the items on the bedside table. There’s a small stack of receipts in one corner, mostly from Tesco (John refuses to shop at Waitrose) and two medical textbooks that have been recently opened and bookmarked. Clearly, John had been doing some reading before bedtime before he’d moved down permanently to Sherlock’s room.
He flashes an accusatory gaze at Watson, hoping that the man will finally take a hint and stop pressing him with ridiculous questions.
How dare Magnussen assume himself better than John, so much so that he felt no shame when he insulted John in such a demeaning manner, by flicking his face no less.
“Fact is, we’ve all made mistakes, some worse than others,” John carries on, once again lifting his eyes to Sherlock’s, “I asked you back then what you think would have happened if we'd made different choices back then… And well, now I think I finally have my answer.”
“Oh, do your research,” he starts, his eyes ablaze. He digs into John’s pocket while the man is distracted, his fingers coming into contact with cool metal.
“Yes indeed,” Sherlock replies, moving towards the light switches. He flicks the switches on and off, gazing up at the bulbs’ luminous glow before taking a seat opposite Cameron, John moves to join him.
The figure disintegrates, its body crumbling, dissolving into a stream of smoke, startling Sherlock as it curls around the room, spiralling higher and higher before disappearing entirely.
“You’re beautiful,” he’d murmured, his eyes fixed on Sherlock’s, his gaze licking its way across Sherlock’s flushed cheeks.
“Nah, the school security was really thick. I’ll bet up till now they still haven’t figured out who did it,” John grins as he pulls out the key to their front door.
Sherlock had thought about it as he had wondered at the possibility of a lifetime with John, considered the likelihood of them being together, not just platonically but romantically, for the rest of their lives, that maybe things would have turned out better if he hadn't done the things that he had.
He watches as the officers spill into the room, handcuffing Mary swiftly and leading her away, even as she stares forlornly after John, as if wishing to reach out and hold him. That’s the last thing Sherlock would ever allow her to do.
And with that, John wraps his fingers around Sherlock’s shaft, pumping his fist hard and fast as Sherlock cries out, spilling onto his fingers.
“So tell me, David, did you know that you’ve been harbouring and by extension possibly abetting a dangerous serial killer?”
“No, we’re not doing this, John,” Sherlock groans in annoyance, shaking his head. When will this man let up?
“I will never let something like this happen to you again,” John murmurs as Sherlock buries his face in the juncture of John’s neck and shoulder, “Never.”
In addition, this is the last time Sherlock will be able to have a proper conversation with John before he reconciles with his wife. He might as well make the best of it.
John’s not entirely sure whether this is true or not but it seems like Sherlock has either (a) not kissed anybody properly before (b) never had the chance to learn proper technique because the man’s movements are a little sloppy and uncoordinated and their noses keep bumping together more often than need be.
“No John,” Sherlock answers, breathing heavily, his heart rate already starting to pick up. “This… This is enough.”
John’s face is now raised to the ceiling, obviously in a bid to reign in the chuckles that keep escaping through his gritted teeth.
“So what do we do now?” John murmurs, breaking the quiet between them, “No madman after us, no crazy murderous ex-wife left to haunt us."
“I asked her what was wrong… She refused to answer, just bustled in with these two other burly guys and told me to not ask any questions-”
Interestingly though, the man seems to have a genuine liking for plants, inferred from the row of cacti and succulents on the shoe rack (completely devoid of shoes) outside his front step.
Sherlock smiles as he plugs the drain, running the taps as he gets to work, slitting open the bath salt packets and pouring them into the swirling water below.
The main report states that the two women in question had been found on a bed in the tenant’s room. One is a dark-haired lady with long, flowy hair while the other is a blonde-haired lady with a pixie cut.
It was the mark of his brother trying desperately to emotionally distance himself from a situation that was no longer under his control.
However, just before he completes the sentence, he’s interrupted by a series of noises from his left.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t catch that,” he turns around to face Sherlock, a slightly puzzled look on his face.
He knows that he should call John over, that John is entitled to at least one final conversation with him, but the finality of the situation hurts too much and Sherlock’s heart aches at the thought of having to bid his best friend a final farewell.
John seems to deem that Sherlock’s going to be absolutely no help in this situation because he pulls Sherlock’s legs up to bracket his hips, half-carrying him to the front of the room. Sherlock feels the rear of his knees hit cool leather as he falls onto his back, winded and gasping for air as John's mouth leaves his.
“If you’re going to be like that, then just get ON WITH IT THEN,” Sherlock yelps, his eyes crinkled shut as he buries his head in his pillow, clearly trying to hold himself together.
He shuts his eyes, burrowing further under the blanket in shame even as Sherlock mumbles a soft “Goodnight John” before flicking the lamp switch, sending the room into darkness.
Sherlock hauls the bags into the back seat of the cab, struggling to settle the bulky groceries in an orderly fashion to allow himself some comfortable sitting room before calling out a chaste “221B Baker Street” to the cabby.
His lips return to Sherlock’s, tugging his bottom lip down to meet his as he slips a hand under Sherlock’s shirt, raking it up and down his chest.
“We needed these things to happen for us to get to this point,” he states matter-of-factly, shrugging as Sherlock pulls him closer, nuzzling up against him, “I also needed time to put to bed my denial of my bisexuality. Even though I knew that I loved you, at the time I was still scared of what that meant. What it would entail. I had had crushes on men here and there before-”
“...Emelia Ricoletti,” Mary says, staring down at her phone, jerking Sherlock out of his thoughts, “Unsolved... Like he says.”
“She didn’t seem like the sort who would quit at the peak of their career,” he continues, “Obviously, something had happened to make her change her mind over freelancing...”
“Well now, on to the elephant in the room - Moriarty,” Mycroft says, seemingly not having noticed John’s knee-jerk reaction to his mention of Sherlock’s drug use.
It’s then that John pulls off Sherlock’s lips with a wet “pop”, his eyes opening wide and Sherlock watches on, doe-eyed as they seem to darken.
“What do you want?” Sherlock questions back, moving to stand as he walks towards the bars, his feet thudding loudly against the concrete floor.
“She accused me of abandoning her,” John continues, brow furrowing as he shifts his fingers lower, massaging the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
“I panicked, of course, I went to buy a new bottle of bleach, poured some down the drain and left the bottle at their place. I also took a knife from their kitchen and stabbed that bitch in the heart. Lord knows she deserved it,” Cameron spits, voice sharpened with malice.
John flashes him a predatory gaze in response, shucking his pants as Sherlock looks on, his tongue darting out to wet his lip as John is left in nothing but his boxers, a wet patch on the front already visible.
John will probably have to leave right after he finishes showering, but not before Sherlock can provide him with a cup of tea and a warm sandwich to carry him on his way.
“Sherlock, god,” is all John says before wrapping his arms around the man, burying his face in the crook of Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock’s stiff body relaxes into the embrace, melding with John’s.
Sherlock knows what it is, it’s John’s “thinking look”, basically the face that he displays every time he’s trying to say something he really wishes to say but can’t bring himself to.
“Bye bye, Sherlock,” she sighs, Sherlock’s heart pounding out of his chest, “No one’s going to miss you.”
He must have been stuck inside his own head for quite a bit then, he muses as he catches the slamming of their front door.
“No time,” he answers firmly, rising from his seat, “I have to go to Baker Street now. Moriarty’s back.”
Sherlock shudders in response, his eyes closing as he presses one more kiss to John’s lips before the man rolls out of his grip, sliding up and off the bed.
The baby in the picture is tiny… and so very pink. Sherlock smiles, taking the phone from John to examine the picture a little closer.
“So it's like a thinking chair then?” John replies, a slight smile playing on his lips as he turns to face Sherlock.
. Over the years John has truly been a pillar of strength to him and what has he done for him in return? How many times has Sherlock watched this firmly unbreakable man crumble to pieces in front of him, and even worse, at his very own hands? Why is he always so selfish?
Sherlock raises his eyes to John’s face, slightly startled, the endearment catching him off guard. He hadn’t noticed the man stirring.
Sherlock lets out a deep sigh, willing thoughts of Moriarty as he shakes his head, turning back towards the windows.
And that’s when he hears footsteps on the stairs, steady and sure and getting louder by the second as someone begins to charge up the last remaining flight of steps.
He groans miserably, drawing the blanket to rest further up his chin as he screws his eyes tightly shut.
He turns to face John, watching the flare of his nostrils and the rise and fall of his chest. He looks so peaceful in sleep, his body relaxed and his jaw slack, a distinct difference from before.
He'd showered earlier so he takes the liberty of sliding into bed, dragging the covers over himself as the water in the bath continues to run.
Lestrade and John are both gaping at him, mesmerised. Sherlock turns to Lestrade, grinning widely. “Looks like I’ve found your murder weapon,” he says, passing the bottle over to Lestrade who handles it carefully with gloved hands, dropping it into a plastic bag.
John looks absolutely wrecked. His beautiful blue eyes are red-rimmed and puffy and Sherlock’s heart almost breaks at the sight. Tears stream slowly down his face, curving around the lines of his jawbone to meet at his chin and Sherlock wants nothing more than to reach out and wipe them away before he remembers who he is and what they are - nothing more than flatmates, nothing more than best friends. His help would not be welcome.
John rolls his eyes, turning back to his noodles. However, just as he’s about to dump another strand of noodle into his mouth, Sherlock’s stomach lets out a large gurgle.
He twists his face sharply around, his eyes widening as a manicured hand thrusts a long metal cylinder into the room.
Sherlock’s eyes shoot open at the sound, his brain immediately going back online as he turns towards the source of the noise.
He’d forgotten about it, wrapped up in the euphoria of the previous night’s activities, forgotten that John still had a wife… had a baby...
He has next to no idea what to expect when he goes through that door. What happens afterwards could very possibly result in his death and oh… that’s not the best outcome now, is it?
Sherlock is absolutely entranced, raising his hands to cup their cheek, planting a soft kiss on their lips.
The man practically growls, taking his cock in hand, positioning it at Sherlock’s entrance, nudging the crown inside.
John stares back at him, as if shocked for a moment, before bursting into a fit of giggles, his chest rumbling below Sherlock.
He doesn’t have to wonder for very long though because in a split second, John’s retracted his arms from under Sherlock’s shirt, reaching up to draw Sherlock’s lips back to his, capturing them in a searing kiss.
He drops the top half with Mary’s writing into the toilet bowl, watching with great satisfaction as it’s flushed down into the sewer, where it belongs.
“You’d take such good care of me, you always do. Handle me slowly and carefully, holding me so gently… You’d run your fingers over every inch of my body, nails brushing against my bare skin as you lean into me-”
The stretch of sand before him ripples with the wind, the weather hot and sweltering as the world around him continues to generate itself, emanating from the metal chain hanging up off the ground.
In the case of the greenhouse, it had been forcing him to confront the possibility of not being alone, that he should give John the opportunity to come back into his life, helping him to heal… That’s why Eustace Carmichael had died, because he hadn’t stuck with John!
John’s soothing voice a godsend in the terrifying darkness of the room as Sherlock begins to wheeze, his body spasming in bursts of adrenaline as his shivering becomes less and less noticeable.
“Yeah…” Sherlock hums, collapsing back onto the bed, licking his lips, “Guess sex makes me hungry huh?”
“If you are referring to romantic entanglement,” he continues stoically, fearing that his voice might be wavering slightly, “Watson-”
He’d forced himself not to think about the driver in the past month. It was John’s to keep, the information John’s to read and Sherlock would truly be a horrible person if he were to look through it.
His nipples are now a faded red, soft little buds that stand out against his chest, one of them just a few centimetres away from the faded pucker of the bullet scar. And lower, Sherlock’s cock hangs soft against his thigh, flaccid and pale and John has never wanted to kiss it more.
They rarely get quiet time together such as this and John is going to cherish this for as long as he can because Sherlock… Sherlock looks absolutely delectable right now.
How could he have disappointed John again? How? After all that trouble he’d gone through to ensure John’s happiness… How could he have hurt him again?
Sherlock finds himself instinctively wrapping an arm around John’s shoulder, clinging desperately onto the nape of John’s neck as he meets John for kiss after kiss, their lips slotting together perfectly over and over again.
And on the flipside, he’s imagined dingy, dark alleyways, danger at every turn, death awaiting him on all sides as he stalked through uncharted territory that his mind generated at its own whim and fancy…
He sets the mug down on the table when he’s done, shifting to lean against the countertop as he starts on his sandwich, his head pillowed on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“To be fair, neither can I,” he mumbles in answer, “I was so sure I’d have to watch you leave as well, watch you go, watch you traipse back into Mary’s arms, back into her life and away from mine.”
John smirks as he rips open the condom packet with him teeth. He pulls off his pants, Sherlock sitting up at rapt attention (probably to get a better look) as his cock springs free. Sherlock gapes in response, his lips forming a circular O as John fixes him with a smug look.
Soft snores emanate from the corner of the bedroom, Sherlock’s heart doing a little leap when he turns to face John. The man has completely passed out, his arms spread out over the armchair rests, his mouth wide open.
“Please stay safe John,” is all he can say, wishing for the best and dreading the worst as he clutches the plastic covering of his handphone tightly, “Please don’t do anything stupid.”
He has no idea how long he lies there for, whimpering softly in the darkness before sleep drags him under.
He sees a flash of movement in his peripheral vision, turning to discover that John has dropped his bags and made his way into their- no his bedroom.
“Tell him you love him,” some of them say, “There’s nothing for it now, you have nothing to gain or lose from either answer that he gives. You’ve been selfless enough, now it’s time to be selfish. Get it off your chest, you won’t get to see the repercussions.”
Why doesn’t John want to tell him why he’s going off to Harry’s? Seriously, he thought that they were already above keeping secrets from each other.
John knocks his head against his study table with a resounding ‘thud’, squeezing his eyes tightly shut as he scrambles to concentrate on the medical text in front of him.
“It’s honestly taking a lot of energy to sustain this connection,” Sherlock admits, sighing softly. “I might have to… I might have to leave you soon.”
Mary betraying him might not have been so bad, after all, she’s done so before… but attempting to frame him? That may have been a bit too much for John to handle.
“I think it’s best to sort things out first,” John chuckles, turning knowingly to Sherlock before fixing his eyes back on the road, “Hell knows if we don’t address it soon, we might never address it at all.”
“Ok… Alright…” Sherlock mutters, resignation enveloping him as he pushes back into John’s arm, feeling the muscle there tensing up.
There’s a lady dressed all in white, her clothing slightly tattered and torn. Her body is glowing, incandescent in the twilight as she turns to face them.
John cringes, frowning as his imagination conjures up a picture of a younger Sherlock being viciously attacked by a gigantic dog (with a valiant Victor in the background playing knight in shining armour and rescuing him).
In truth, there are many things that Sherlock would like to tell him, but all avenues of conversation that he can think of are heavily emotionally charged and will probably result in him revealing more than he wishes John to know...
John nods his head in understanding, following Sherlock’s lead, covering the tiles he hasn’t managed to check. None of them seem to be loose enough to lift.
“Sherlock, this is precisely why I encouraged you to persuade John to return to Mary,” Mycroft sighs, “It wasn’t just for your own safety, brother, it was for his too.”
Sherlock sighs, letting his hands fall his face, his fingers unfurling as they come to rest by his sides.
John buries his face in Sherlock’s neck, grunting as his hips give tiny, aborted thrusts, as if he’s struggling to control himself.
“Alright then,” Lestrade starts, observing the two pieces of paper. “Would you be so kind to reconstruct the crime for us Sherlock?” he sighs, sounding extremely tired and worn out, clearly this case has taken a toll on him. To be fair, Lestrade hasn't had any sleep since this case started.
And John is still here, Sherlock thinks, he's still here. He thought that John would have snuck out at some point in the morning. After all, sleeping with your male flatmate, even non-sexually, probably crossed the line into “gay behaviour” territory.
”Is it such a curious question?” Watson interrogates, his voice taking on a deliberately innocent tone.
“Sherlock,” John shakes his head, keeping eye contact with the man as he draws his index finger up the outline of the bone on his left cheek, “They are extraordinary and truly nothing to be ashamed about.”
John pushes up onto his knees, making a quick grab for the bottle of lube on the side table as he aligns his body with Sherlock’s once again, stretching up to give the man a kiss. Their lips meet with great desperation, John’s soaring upwards to trap Sherlock bottom lip in between them, sucking the fold of skin in between his own.
“We’d play in the treehouse at night when the stars were visible, but by day we’d play down by the creek, just downhill from here. You tend to be a much more believable pirate if you are near a body of water.”
John moves first, his fingers gently guiding Sherlock’s face forwards till their foreheads are touching.
Psh, Sherlock you don’t need to do that schtick, Mycroft made sure that all the messages I send and receive with respect to you are encrypted and deleted one minute after I send or receive them. Nothing to worry about.
The hotel, it seems, is just down the block. It’s a little bit run-down and from the exterior, it’s already apparent that the rooms aren’t large… which means the two of them will probably be making do on a double bed.
“Yes,” Sherlock answers, planting a kiss on John’s cheek as he in turn, wraps an arm around John’s torso. He burrows into John’s chest, curling up contentedly in John’s arms as he entwines their legs, slipping a thigh under John’s.
It doesn’t look remotely like him at all, Sherlock scowls as the John in the photo struggles to match Sherlock’s downturned eyebrows with his. Who does John think he’s trying to emulate? The grinch?
“The shoe is huge, something you’d only expect an adult to wear. However, there are scuff marks around the top edge, clear indentations on the quarter and backstay, indicating that something irregularly shaped must have been stuck into the back of the shoe frequently… judging by the state of the indentations, it was probably rocks.”
“We’re not naming our daughter after you,” John replies, his eyes sparkling with delight as he beams up at Sherlock.
Lestrade showing up at their doorstep at this hour is a definitive indication that the MET has a case they need help with, something that Sherlock has always relished. But ever since John left, he’s been going on cases alone and on every single one of these occasions, he’s felt like a lost man without a compass. He had talked to John in his Mind Palace, using him as a sounding board for new ideas and theories but it wasn’t the same. The excitement and adventure of a new mystery had lost its spark, its lure without John’s presence. Sherlock used to puzzle about this new development. After all, he’d been fine before John came around. It’s taken him years to figure this out but he now knows the true reason for his apparent lack of interest in cases. He can now pinpoint the exact moment it started, the very first day he and John met. It was the time they came running back into 221B, sinking against the wall laughing and breathless. The very moment the cases stopped being about adrenaline and brainwork and instead, more about spending time with John. And if this is the case, Sherlock is most definitely not in the mood to sign up for another one if John is not around.
But of course, he shouldn’t be so presumptuous. It’s not like anyone has ever managed to force Sherlock into doing something he didn’t want to do - ever.
“Shut up Mycroft,” Sherlock whispers, grabbing a fistful of hair in a bid to stop the Mycroft in his head from talking.
, as John's dexterous fingers continue to weave in and out of his curls, the pressure of his fingertips alternating between soft and hard.
John chuckles again, raising his eyes to Sherlock’s. Sherlock offers him a small smirk, staring back at him wistfully.
John's eyes find Sherlock’s instinctively, their twin gazes locking. Sherlock watches as John’s smile fades away, his lips parting slightly as his breaths deepen. The laughter in his eyes seems to have been extinguished as well, his eyes taking on a more open look as his pupils expand slightly. They're as dark as black holes now, his irises orbiting around them as they draw Sherlock closer and closer into John’s space.
“You might want to hold onto something,” John grins, flashing Sherlock a downright filthy smile before taking the head of his cock into his mouth.
Well… for the time being there may be one item of information that he can relinquish to John without him becoming a puddle of emotion, and that is-
As the last of the suds drain away, he lets out another yawn before shuffling back into his bedroom. He turns the lights off, flopping down on his bed, scratching at his eyes as he turns to face his bedside table.
"Bright sunlight spills through the windows as Sherlock saunters over to John’s bed. He feels comfortable and relaxed, enclosed in a safe bubble of time where the horrors of his and John’s reality cannot touch him."
Ayyyy it's a cliffhanger! Btw if you've watched the video, you can tell that I'm deviating from the story a little bit. I just can't keep Sherlock and John apart haha. Hope you enjoyed this update!
And judging from the way that Sherlock’s talking about him, he seems to be a friend? Of some sort? Which is is strange because never has Sherlock Holmes bothered to meet up with a past acquaintance, let alone spoken favourably about any one of them.
“As said before, I’m clean, you’re clean. We’re both clean. And adding to that pile of information, I cleaned myself in the shower just now in case of this eventuality so no we don’t need condoms.”
He unlocks the door reluctantly, sitting back down on his bed as John comes in, his eyes alighting on Sherlock’s before he twists his gaze away, staring up at the ceiling instead.
You like that huh? Well, best of all would be taking you when you’re on your back, your arse high in the air as I wrap your legs around my back, teasing you as I push slowly into you, refusing to give you reprieve as you thrust downwards, trying desperately to slide down further onto my cock.
John is silent, his eyes transfixed on a spot a little above Sherlock’s head, deliberately avoiding Sherlock’s gaze.
“John,” Sherlock smiles, “I know you’d never force me to do something I didn’t want to do. And yes, you might have had those thoughts, but what’s important is that you didn’t act on them. John, our character is more so judged by what we do rather than the thoughts our mind randomly generates.”
“But Mary’s gone now though, out of our lives, far far away from the two of us,” Sherlock continues, “She can’t hurt us anymore.”
“How does that feel?” John smirks, Sherlock feeling the man’s smile in the shifting of his jaw. He seems utterly pleased with himself
There’s now a bean bag in place of the bed, which John happily flounces onto, revelling the softness of the fabric beneath his back as he closes his eyes.
“Stop this. Just stop it,” Mycroft yells, his voice taking on an angrier tone, “Did you make a list?”
Mummy had always been “the weird one in the relationship” as his father used to lovingly put it. She was the woman who had given Sherlock and Mycroft their characteristic brilliance, being no short of intelligence herself. Sherlock remembers poring over his mother’s essays at the age of eight, understanding absolutely nothing.
He thanks the heavens that they hadn’t bothered changing into a fresh set of clothing after having sex earlier today. It’s going to make this so much easier.
Sherlock whines in answer, desperate for friction as he brings his free hand down to the space between their bodies, joining John’s hand, stroking their burgeoning erections in tandem.
“And I’ve wanted you for, god for so long. Since before Barts, maybe from the first time I met you, I really don’t know. And it hurts, oh god it hurts so much to be so close to you and yet not together with you at the same time…”
“One more thing, Sherlock,” he gasps when they part for air, his heart thumping as he uncaps the lube, drizzling its contents onto his palm, spreading it out evenly onto three of his fingers.
“Sherlock,” John breaks the silence, his voice steady, “That list you gave us… You didn’t take any of the drugs on the list except for the cocaine... And that wasn’t even a high dosage.”
He sighs, feeling the metal of the tap under his palms, a solid weight under his fingertips as he turns the knob, watching as water gushes out from the spout below.
“Because it’s not the fall that kills you, Sherlock,” he says, “Of all people, you should know that.”
He’s slightly confused and dazed as to how they arrived at this juncture but he doesn’t care, not really - as long as John does that amazing thing with his tongue again.
He hears his mother calling for him but he ignores her. She’s probably just asking him to set the table or something, hardly anything interesting. She’s been begging him to come down the whole morning and even came up at one point to yell at him.
“Sherlock, hang on. Explain,” John calls out to him, rushing forward and slipping into stride with him, “Moriarty’s alive, then?”
“I hope it’s enough for you,” he finishes, grabbing a fork and knife, attacking the omelette with relish.
“LIE BACK AND LOSE!” he yells one final time before rising up, hauling Sherlock to his feet, clearly trying to catch him off balance and push him off the cliff.
They lapse into a comfortable silence, John listening as Sherlock’s breathing slows before continuing.
He turns his head to face John's, watching as John wheezes uncontrollably, his face glowing. John mirrors Sherlock, turning on his side as well, finding himself face to face with Sherlock, their noses barely inches away from each other.
He stares back at Watson in disbelief, wondering if the man is really there or if this is just another fever dream. He drags his arms out of Moriarty’s grip, untangling himself from Moriarty who huffs, releasing him reluctantly.
It stuns John completely that he could have found someone so perfect for him, someone so accepting and the fact that he could get into a relationship with them at all… It’s amazing really. He’s legitimately certain, unlike his previous flings, that this is going to turn into more than just a short, year-long relationship of texts and emails and dates. He can feel it in his bones, that this relationship might just be asking for forever and while John is ready for it… he’s not sure if Sherlock is-
Groaning in frustration, Sherlock forces himself out of bed, grimacing as his arsehole twinges from their activities a few hours ago.
“I don’t see why not,” he pouts, moving a hand to pry John’s fingers off his hips before John swats it away.
“I’ll be back, Sherlock. I promise,” John chokes out, his gaze firm as he takes Sherlock’s hand into his, grasping it tightly, “I will always come back for you.”
“Sherlock!” John shouts again above the roar of the helicopter. Sherlock shakes his head, turning to face him.
Sherlock bends forward instantly, hands wrapping around John’s cheeks as he brings the man’s face up to meet his, their lips connecting as he starts to cry, hot tears rolling down his cheeks.
It’s all his fault really, he shouldn’t have come back from the dead, shouldn’t have made his presence known to John, shouldn’t have insinuated his way back into John’s life.
“You truly are unbelievable,” John smiles, his eyes sparkling as he reaches out, patting Sherlock softly on the shoulder.
“Nearby, I suspect,” John answers, “It’s probably down the block. If we walk fast enough, we should be able to catch it before it disappears.”
He had managed to hail a cab, its arrival timed perfectly with his exit from Baker Street. Thankfully, it’d reached the decided spot with time to spare and as a result, he had requested the driver to stop him a kilometre from where the warehouse was. It’s better not to give Mary any extra cause to question whether he’d been tracked or not.
Every emotion that he’s experiencing right now is out there on display, his joy, his love, naked and exposed for John to see...
John had thought better of him, had believed that Sherlock had the capacity to change. And now Sherlock’s gone and ruined it all.
Sherlock drops his gaze, uncrossing his legs as he bends forwards, resting his forehead in his palms.
John can’t help but smile, peppering his love’s eyelids with butterfly kisses as he strokes Sherlock’s face gently, rubbing his fingers along Sherlock’s cheekbones.
“She probably didn’t think you were dead,” John explains, “That’s why she stuck with me. After all, I was probably going to be the first person to receive news of your return.”
