~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"What?" John struggled to follow the omega's question.
"I..." Mycroft started again, but nothing else escaped.
“Oh, I believe you.” Irene grinned, knowingly.
John couldn’t look at Sherlock, turning away briefly to take in Sherlock’s confession. All he’d thought he could hope for was friendship and possibly some kind of closeness. That Sherlock didn’t see him as a friend but his husband, spouse, mate that meant more than he could have hoped for.
Gregory moaned happily, pressing his lips firmly against Mycroft's. His hand gliding up Mycroft's knee, along a lean leg and further up until he gripped a hold of a hip. His other hand rose and fisted into soft silky hair, gripping tightly and angling Mycroft's head in the right angle, then his tongue slid out and licked at the seam of Mycroft's lips.
John shifted over Sherlock, his knees butted against his ass and hips against thighs. The covered head of his cock tauntingly rubbed the slickness of Sherlock’s puckered hole.
"Sherlock, please." John whispered, watching as Sherlock's feet neared him, until the omega stood in front of him.
“Then you held my hand at breakfast.”
"I know, darling. Remember, this stage will pass. You're doing so well." John's lips pressed into his shoulder, the pads of his fingers kindly rubbing his scalp. A moment after Sherlock expelled everything left over and caught his breath, he grabbed at the hand towel John retrieved from the counter.
When Sherlock had finished cleaning up after himself and changing the alpha's sheets, he'd gone to his bathroom to shower and change his clothes. Once finished, the omega went to the kitchen and found the alpha mixing chicken with the freshly made salad and quietly moved to stand behind the alpha. Startling the older man when his arms wrapped around a hard and muscular waist.
"What?" Sherlock shrugged on his coat and stood at the doorway to the room.
Sherlock didn’t bother waiting to hear what the man would say. Stood from his seat and strode out the restaurant without a glance back.
“I'll come after you if you don't.”
"I'm not an idiot. I understand you have... needs. I will not accommodate those needs forever. I need to bed you in order to right my mind further, but until I feel that I am able...
Sherlock perked, sitting up straight, face tensing in preparation for what it might be John requested of him.
“Would you like to join me?” Sherlock asked, surprising John as Sherlock hadn’t verbally asked him to join him on a case in so long.
Those dark blue eyes gleamed all at once as they lowered in shame and the alpha whispered a pained, "I'm so sorry, Sherlock."
“You realize you’ll have to play the role of a contented and in love omega, right?”
John pressed his full weight against Sherlock and for the moment Sherlock’s heat abated enough so that he could soothe his husband. Sherlock raised a hand to stroke John’s head of hair, while his other ran the expanse of his back.
, you know how I hate repeating myself.”
“It is a lot to take in, but do understand, fighting the inevitable will only make things harder on you. You’re a beta and a man; you can’t give Sherlock kin. This omega can. Don’t destroy Sherlock’s future out of selfishness and don’t allow Sherlock’s obligation to hinder him in his duty as an alpha. If I wasn’t a beta myself, I could take on this responsibility, but as I’m not an alpha, this duty rests on Sherlock.”
“You know I'm still waiting.” John tried not to sound too smug.
“I… can’t.” John graveled, scrambling out of the bed, and hurriedly retrieved his clothes from off the ground. When he heard Sherlock’s footsteps padding on the ground behind him, catching up to him, John rushed to the bathroom, barricading himself in and heard Sherlock come to a stop outside of it.
"No."
“Really!” Mrs. Holmes exclaimed cheerily, a brilliant smile upon her face, seeming to have been reassured of any remaining doubt.
John was pleased Sherlock was being validated for his work, but he also feared the growing fame, because the press was known to turn on those in the light. John couldn’t take Sherlock being cruelly talked about by the press. They’d already turned on John after… after Moriarty attacked him. He could only imagine what they’d say about Sherlock.
John liked the way the alpha said his name. He said it like a prayer, a glorious prayer that had at last been answered. When John didn’t pull away, the hand on his neck slid up, cupped his cheek gently and tilted his head to the side and then…then…
When the alpha offered a hand to help John up from the ground, he ignored the antagonism within demanding he reject the alpha’s kindness and took the offered assistance.
John retrieved one of Sherlock’s black socks and raised it for a closer inspection, the fabric was soft to the touch and the material shinned appealingly. Sure the fabric was nice, but was it really worth spending so much? John didn’t think so. Huffing faintly, wondering why it even bothered him, John began setting it back down, but then something caught his eye.
“Sherlock. My beautiful Sherlock.” John sighed dotingly, pressing kisses to his damp hair, and raising a hand to cradle the back of his head as he did so. “Thank you, love.”
Sherlock halted pacing within his bedroom and confusedly raised his sore hands up to his line of vision, realizing his claws had extended and he’d dug them deeply into his palms, blood trailed along his wrists and stained the cuffs of his designer shirt.
Sherlock was angry with Mycroft, but now... His thoughts were less disjointed. Enough so that he could understand his older brother's motives. Although he didn't agree with them and was undoubtedly angry with him, Sherlock didn't want to kill Mycroft. He was truly out of his mind and still, even with the bonding mark and the knowledge he had an alpha now, felt unsettled.
“I always hear
"The baby must have caused a lot of problems for the two of you."
“You should know that I’m not the type of alpha to… I’m not that kind of alpha.” Sherlock voiced.
"You're a slut."
“I… When I was ten—”
“Good.” Sherlock kissed John’s ear, and John wanted to curse him, but then Sherlock was rolling John over and John opened his eyes to watch Sherlock pull back and grab the bottle of lubricant.
But John still held hope, because no matter that they were living in civility, Sherlock treated him with a kindness he hadn’t shown to another, except for today, but John knew that was only due to the stress of meeting an old —
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock was busy finishing up an experiment at the kitchen table and didn't stay up later than 2:00AM since he'd become pregnant. He also slept in longer than before, so it didn't worry John. Still, John found it a fraction more difficult to slip into a deep sleep when Sherlock moved about in the kitchen, clanging things about.
“I… had to.”
“Thank you.” John whispered and stared down at the ground before heading for the estate.
"John?"
John released a heavy sigh and forced a smile that only partially reached his spirits.
John felt his heart race as Sherlock remained still, staring, but never the less still.
"Thank you." Sherlock sighed contentedly, his thumb kindly stroking the skin of John's hand.
“Enough about college. You’ve become somewhat of a celebrity now, haven’t you Sherlock? Seen your pictures in the papers — yours too John.” Victor said John’s name more sweetly than Sherlock’s and earned a murderous glare from the seated omega. John remained oblivious to the act, listening on politely.
John was worried. Mycroft was worried. Hell, even Lestrade was worried. Sherlock was lashing out. John was trying to help. He scented Sherlock more. His pheromones were constantly filling the rooms they were in. Especially now that Moriarty had begun his sick game, using people's lives as sport.
John’s hands hovered above him, awkward, shy as Sherlock’s fingers hooked over pants and sweats, slowly tugging them down. John cooperatively raised his hips and legs, allowing Sherlock to effortlessly slip them off and tossed the clothes in a clump somewhere by the foot of the bed.
hardness compressed against his hip.
"Pardon..." Mycroft cut off the alpha's ranting, brows raising with alarm. "What...? Who told you about...? John?"
Only when John gave a weak sigh and his body slid to his side did Sherlock open his eyes and smile happily at the alpha. John gently pulled himself out of Sherlock's wet hole, and adjusted the panties until they cupped Sherlock's ass correctly, at the same time stemming the flow of John's seed. Keeping it within Sherlock for a little while longer. Huffing with exhaustion, John rolled onto his back, left leg switching off to his right, bent in order to help keep Sherlock's left elevated.
“You want to apologize, seek my forgiveness only so you have a load off your shoulders, but I won’t let you off that easily. I refuse to make you feel better when I’m hurting because you put me here!” John yelled full of contempt, the soft whine of his omega grieving bled out of him and Sherlock’s face twisted, pained by the pitiful noise.
Staring warily at John’s body, Mrs. Holmes nervously said, “I know you’re still healing, but would it cause you pain if I hugged you?”
John started working at the hospital as an intern and his days were spent interacting with patients and home alone, in solitude. John was lonely. He lived his days outside of work in stillness and longing for excitement.
“Just once, can you two behave like grown-ups?” Mycroft wondered bitterly
“We’ll get him, Sherlock. We are not his victims.” John answered roughly, voice thick with emotion. They’d lost so much because of Moriarty, but John refused to be seen as a victim, or to fear the mad man’s presence.
Entering his closet, Sherlock retrieved the black leather duffle bag and paused on his way out of the room. Deciding he should be comfortable, Sherlock removed his coat, and freed the first three buttons of his dress shirt. He then removed his shoes and socks. Wearing only a pair of black slacks and a plain white shirt, Sherlock went back out to the living room and let the heavy bag fall with a resounding thud to the floor.
"What's wrong?"
Sherlock burrowed his face tightly against John's chest hoping to muffle the rest of his words that came out. Influenced greatly by his emotional state and that of his vocal omega.
And as puzzling as it was, after he’d saved The Woman’s life, he felt great guilt towards John, as if he’d been unfaithful in some way. But it really shouldn’t have bothered him if he had been, because John was his arranged omega. That was all John was to him, nothing more.
Sherlock's eyes blurred with wetness and swallowing the lump in his throat, he raised his free hand to stroke his alpha's cheek with care. Smiling softly down at his alpha, the first of the tears fell from his eyes. John had won. Sherlock had lost. His alpha had gained his heart with his perseverance. Now, though John didn't know it yet, Sherlock was his. Whatever it was John would ask of him, Sherlock would give it with no hesitation. John would have the happiness he'd always desired.
Sherlock smiled and shook his head no.
John didn't agree. Sherlock was warped if he thought Mycroft was what he’d needed. What he’d needed was to know his husband wasn't dead. What he’d needed was to never have seen Sherlock jump in the first place and most certainly never to have seen his lifeless bloodied body.
John inhaled the coat and an angst-ridden howl reverberated through the car. It was one of Sherlock’s coats, it was laced in the alpha’s scent, and his pheromones sent his body into pleasant convulsions.
. We're not ready!" John hissed.
“Mycroft.” Sherlock said in warning.
John bit the inside of his cheek when Angelo returned moments later and set a glass bowl containing a lit tea-light on the table. He smiled goofily up at John and gave him the thumbs-up before turning and leaving them alone once more.
John gave a terse nod and waited for the alpha to continue.
The first few times John came into contact with the NSY he’d felt many of the officials gaze focus intently on him. Their eyes full of disbelief that John was an omega and Sherlock’s husband, carrying the sociopath’s pups. Anderson and Sally would start what John could only assume would be snide comments about his omega status and being the mate to someone like Sherlock, but Lestrade would usually call them over or Sherlock would step up into Anderson’s and or Sally’s personal space and begin a methodical lashing of personal deductions so ruthless it had John grimacing for them. Sherlock would then move to stand protectively at John’s side, wrap a caring arm around John’s waist, possessively palming the softness of his belly where their pups were steadily growing and the scent of alpha pheromones would overwhelm John’s senses, until John’s knees nearly buckled. John would then press in close to nose against Sherlock’s chest, shoulder, neck and inhale, deeply affected but sufficiently calmed.
Sherlock agreed with the voices.
“Yes. How would you know then?”
“Now, John, there is a matter of which I must discuss with you.” Mycroft began and John curiously met the pale man’s stare.
John gave another handful and after, the horse happily allowed him to pet his head and neck, leaning down to allow him better access.
“Geek Interpreter. What’s that?” Sherlock asked, leaning over John’s shoulder to read what he had typed so far on his blog.
Sherlock scanned John’s features, seeming to read something there that unsettled him.
“I want to… I
John felt the blood drain from his face. Good Lord, this whole time… John had been so cruel to Sherlock and he’d… Sherlock was the guardian angel John had wondered about. Sherlock got rid of those betas. Sherlock… because of Sherlock, John was alive now. If Sherlock hadn’t intervened when he had, he’d have taken his own life. Sherlock,
John’s eyes stung, biting into his bottom lip, a startled laugh rumbled out of him.
"She's John's proxy alpha, Mycroft. Let us talk to her. With her help we can bring down Magnussen."
The tears kept leaking through, though John did everything to stop them.
John wasn’t going to let Sherlock know that his spite was boarding on ridiculous now or that he was tiring of it, because he didn’t want to argue. Arguing only meant that Sherlock would become angry. John would just wait Sherlock’s frustration out. Sooner or later Sherlock would realize this was all pointless and back off.
John never forgot Harry’s request for him to register and find an omega who loved him. He knew that wouldn’t ever happen, but he needed to ask Sherlock this one thing—pretend to be the omega that loved him for his sister, but how could he?
John laughed bitterly at the notion.
." John cursed, and hurriedly dragged his hand lower and tugged the panties lining Sherlock's entrance to one ass cheek.
pups…
.” Sherlock hissed, incensed.
“Please, there’s just one more thing, one more thing, one more miracle. Sherlock, for me. Don’t be… dead. Would you do that,
“Go away!” John roared, clawing at the white padded walls of the room.
“Sherlock, please… Just… just calm down and sit. Talk to me, don’t do this. Please.” John was distressed, coming to understand fully what Sherlock intended to do then and trembled against his chair in utter fear, unable to say the words that drummed a mantra within his mind. The same words he knew would stop Sherlock from doing what he intended to.
John remained where he kneeled, watching Sherlock. His husband lay frailly on his back, head pressing heavily on the pillow, his arms moving to rest themselves at his sides. Swallowing loudly, catching Sherlock's piercing stare, John stood and proceeded to strip himself of his clothing.
"I've been a bigger idiot. I shouldn't have left you. This wouldn't have happened if I'd been here. God, I don't think I could take it if you had..."
“I’m not drunk.” John giggled, lowering his eyes to the ground as if bashful, cheeks turning rosy.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how long it was, but finally John was sliding off the stool at the bar and turning to them. His features remained impassive as not to disturb his omega. How embarrassing this was for him. Sherlock, a man who prided himself on being so perceptive, hadn’t calculated that his omega would completely reject him.
"My hole. My womb. My omega.
John started back up on therapy and went out to visit his doctor instead of staying in his home. Then John went back to work and there he tried to distract himself with his patients instead of dwelling within his grief, but never did he stop mourning or longing to join his mate.
When Sherlock arrived home it was 11:42PM. He wasn’t surprised to find John waiting for him, seated at the kitchen table, drinking tea. Sherlock knew his John well enough to know he’d stay up for him, but didn’t much like the idea of it. John was carrying his pups and although he wasn’t showing yet because he was in the early stages of pregnancy, it still wasn’t healthy for him. John needed his rest and he knew the omega had to wake early the next morning for work, so this really wasn’t good.
He couldn't.
“I could breathe,
"Um..." Sherlock felt his mind cloud, unsure how to respond and remained pliant to John's manipulation of his hand.
Harry and Clare were smitten with Sherlock. They called him their brother already. They were planing for future vacations and events to go to. John would have been thrilled if not for the simple fact that it was all a lie.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You're no better." Sherlock shot back, eyes crinkling pleasantly, face warm with love as they looked at one another jubilant.
, love. You can do it. I know you can. You're the strongest person I know. Breathe with me and push. I'm here and I won't leave you."
in your scent so quickly and to such an extent. Then it was how sweet he smelled, no alpha or beta smells
Shifting rocked the bed and it took Sherlock a beat to realize he hadn't moved this time. That couldn't be right... Sherlock's senses developed further as his awareness of his surroundings strengthened.
“I need you to give this matter your full attention, Sherlock, is that quite clear?”
Sherlock's brows furrowed with concern at the length of John's silence.
.” Mrs. Hudson sobbed hysterically.
“We should all meet sometime soon. Here is my business card.” Victor offered the card to Sherlock.
“Sherlock’s staying in the city.” John whispered, wrapping his arms around his sister’s shoulders and inhaling another deep breath of her alpha pheromones, calming further in her hold.
Sherlock didn't want to listen to the alpha's excuses, but he couldn't stop himself from doing so.
." John whimpered and all at once Sherlock became aware of the alpha's pheromones filling the room and the distinct bitter scent of a distressed omega - himself.
“Was it important?” John could not comprehend how an old towel could mean so much.
"Come off it, John. It's nothing. I'll heal."
John would enter Sherlock’s room early in the morning, wake the slumbering alpha with his mouth descending on Sherlock’s flaccid cock and love it to hardness, until Sherlock drifted away from the fog of sleep to find John greedily sucking his cock and moan for want of more.
The alpha's mouth tensed shut, brows furrowed with frustration, but even if he was upset with Sherlock, he knew that care from him was needed. John rose from his chair and moved to seat himself beside Sherlock.
John smiled when Sherlock’s lips twitched faintly, knowing Sherlock wanted to deny John’s declaration, but couldn’t because of the truthfulness of it. Instead, Sherlock stormed off out of the morgue and John exhaled a breath of frustration. Sherlock was just too temperamental these days.
“I’m going to have to bandage and ice it when we get back home. I’ll get some pain-killers in the morning… You know this means you’ll need to rest your leg for the next two weeks or so?”
Sherlock stood near the entrance. Hair damp from a recent shower, his face pale—paler than the day before, eyes red, dark bags evident. He wore a tightly fitted white shirt, black tailored slacks, and jacket. Freshly polished leather shoes shining brightly as he moved to seat himself in the chair beside John’s.
Silence was his answer and Sherlock felt victorious. Alphas were tall, muscular, strong, overbearing, and they
John found mild comfort in their arms and scents, but it could do nothing to calm or soothe the breaking heart of his omega. They were kin, but they were not his alpha and John just wanted to be with Sherlock.
“Let’s just get this over with.” Sherlock sighed heavily, rubbing his hand over his face, not wanting to have
When Sherlock’s parents asked him if he were okay with his omega’s choice to reenlist after his first tour, he’d felt the need to reassure his worried intended’s parents. He’d called them and spoke to them, assuring them that he supported John’s decision and they were in no hurry to marry, they had all the time in the world. Though secretly he’d worried that John might not make it home and when war broke out, he found himself watching the news late at night, calling Mycroft for updates on John’s whereabouts and health. He was reassured that Mycroft would let him know if anything ever was to happen and he trusted his brother enough to believe him.
The cruelty of the truth that he'd been living a lie... That he'd been lied to and left alone to suffer...
Sherlock realized, feeling sick to his stomach.
“This is a brand new product that’s just been released.” Mindy started, pointing to the picture of a baby bottle on the front.
So many things to think over, so many things to work through, and so many things he had yet to accept. Moriarty had stolen their future, a future John hadn’t realized he’d wanted so much until it was being taken from him. He’d wanted a lifetime with Sherlock. He’d wanted a family with Sherlock. Wanted it all with Sherlock and then Moriarty happened.
The longest an omega ever lived after the death of their mate was two and a half years, and that was only because that omega had been sent to an omega oasis/hospice. John hadn’t yet been sent there, but if he didn’t get better soon, he was sure that was where he’d end up. No. Currently he was being held in an omega sanatorium that specialized in the care of omegas on the verge of drops.
Sherlock’s nostrils flared and sharp fangs exposed themselves in a feral snarl of animalistic rage, good enough an answer to his brother’s declaration.
"You're terrible, John."
“You don’t know that. I’ve read omegas develop strong cravings and overindulge in feeding their pups, especially if it’s a large litter.”
“John.” Sherlock was stern now and John whined, tipping his head slightly to nuzzle the alpha’s nose, trying to appeal to Sherlock’s kinder side. He couldn’t let Sherlock refuse him, he felt so hot, so dizzy, and he was going to try his damndest to get through their first copulation, knowing that he’d feel far less feverous after.
"I could-"
John bit his bottom lip, holding back a moan, Sherlock’s voice was pure sex and the proof was his steadily hardening stout cock. John raised his legs, knees bent and then he spread them, pressing the heels of his feet to the mattress, leaving himself completely open. John didn’t dare open his eyes for fear of looking at himself and then seeing just how Sherlock looked.
Sherlock bit back a whimper when the alpha grabbed hold of his arm and dragged him out of the kitchen, past the set up dining area, and out to the terrace. The fresh air hit Sherlock with a rush of pleasant coolness.
John winced by Mrs. Holmeses last words and she noticed, regret and guilt filling her eyes for her poor choice of words.
Gregory clamped his eyes shut tight, his mouth going lax. As Heather attempted to keep their kiss going, her hands pulled up Gregory’s dress shirt, un-tucking it from his jeans, and slid a hand through to palm his belly and work her way up.
John stared down at the table and at Sherlock’s extended hand. He could so easily reach out for it. Take Sherlock’s hand in his own, but John wanted to posses Sherlock’s heart more, though he knew it was something he could never have.
Sherlock nodded his head watching as the omega’s cheeks reddened further, his neck and ears turning just as red.
"No... I... don't know how to do this... speak of sentiment."
"Don't start! Don't comfort me. Tell me the truth. I can take it. I'm a whale."
John hung up, unable to say much more and fell back onto the bed with a wrecked moan. Curling inward, tears blurred his vision and he let out a pained cry, a cry that morphed into a sorrowful howl. He howled for an alpha who neglected him, left him to wither away in an empty mansion all alone.
alpha. Only… Sherlock could no longer be considered his and at this thought John felt his heart give a sharp pulse. A distorted weak keen filled John’s lungs when Sherlock nuzzled his neck, scenting him as if he were his still.
Sherlock began walking beside John as he spoke again, “Some people who aren’t geniuses have an amazing ability to stimulate it in others.”
This...
“Another time then?”
John’s eyes stung from sleep deprivation and having cried. He knew he looked a mess and yet, he couldn’t bring himself to care when the front door of the flat opened. Sherlock stood beyond it, head bowed low enough that John found it difficult to get a good look at him.
“I know enough.” John turned to stare at the wall to his side, realizing as much as he detested admitting it, that Mycroft was right. But his pride wouldn’t let him acknowledge such.
“Please.”
"Shhh. It's enough. Thank you." John comforted and Sherlock laughed, delighted when John sprinkled insistent kisses all about his face.
John shut the door and stared at Sherlock expectantly, waiting to hear what he had to say. Sherlock stood to his feet and stared angrily at John.
“You’re in heat! Why are you calling me? What’s happened? Is it Sherlock? Did he do something to you? — God, he’s hurt you, hasn’t he?” Harry growled the last part threateningly, already formulating a gory scenario and preparing to murder the man.
Sherlock arched a incredulous brow.
“A lot of reasons really, but mostly because I wasn’t ready.” John glanced over to the table.
John finally understood who he was… and yet… John couldn’t stop himself from stuttering out, “I’m… I’m nobody. I just met him.”
John took hold of the edge of the panties. He needed to get them off. He wanted so much to feel beneath the lace.
“I see what you mean.” John noted after a long pause, and Ella’s eyes softened with compassion.
Sherlock abandoned him.
Sherlock smiled fondly at the flustered John as his alpha spun on his heel and left, shutting the door behind him. Sherlock wondered if maybe asking John to lay beside him so that he could scent him while he touched himself was too much to ask for?
“Okay.” Mycroft exhaled the breath of air he’d held for so long and with it the rest of his resolve.
Mycroft shut his eyes briefly and nodded with relief, though for his brother’s marriage remaining untarnished or that Lestrade wasn’t involved with John, Mycroft couldn’t tell.
“So where are we?” Sherlock asked of Lestrade and John took it Sherlock wouldn’t be wearing one.
“I’m not teasing you John. I’m serious.” Sherlock quickly added and pressed a finger against the tension between his brows, pressing it away.
"I hope you're ready to give up your figure Sherlock. Our John's been wanting pups since forever." Harry teased and John flushed, mortified.
” Mycroft admonished, revulsion in his eyes.
Sherlock steps slowed and became still, reluctantly, appearing troubled by their separation, and stood no more than three feet from John. Pale blue stared insistently up into deep blue, and John felt the cool trickle of tears break from his eyes as he continued to look upon the man that had laid waste to his heart.
John watched as the three members of his family left him to seat themselves in preparation for the wedding mere moments from the beginning. Harry paused to give him a look of sympathy. Harry was an alpha, she didn’t understand. She would never understand what it was like to be an omega. To be controlled by tradition, bought and sold for the purpose of breeding.
"Sherlock."
Green eyes were widely staring down at Gregory, one quaking hand raised to palm his kiss-bruised lips.
Sherlock couldn’t stop himself, not now, and reached down to palm himself through his slacks. He’d forgotten what it felt like to feel his erection -- excluding his heat, that did not count. Massaging himself through his slacks, Sherlock felt himself hardening completely and bit back a moan as his pre-come soaked through his boxer-briefs.
He was terrified, disquieted by Sherlock's previous statement. Good. That was right. This was right. John deserved to suffer. He deserved to feel pain like he had. John would be humiliated and demeaned as he was.
“No.”
Smiling in reply to Sherlock’s evasiveness, John moved to stand beside Sherlock and stared out the window in front of them. John slowly leaned in and stood in Sherlock’s personal space. This was nice. Even with the embarrassment of what happened, John couldn’t help but take the vocalized acknowledgement of Sherlock’s acceptance of a deepening of their marital bonds.
John Watson was an alpha. A honored Captain. A doctor who'd saved many lives. Courageous and brave to be in the army for so long, and yet now he lay pliantly over his lap receiving punishment. He could so easily overpower his omega and make him submit, but he'd wronged him so deeply that John couldn't even dare to show an ounce of that powerful alpha to him. Sherlock found great amusement in that. This pathetic alpha that had given to the pleasures of the flesh was now refused to be what should be him- omegas submitted, never alphas. The alphas would shame him for this. The noises he made so keen and pathetic, a bitch would easily make them.
would thousands of interested unbound potential omegas compete for his attention.
The arms around his waist tightened and a nose nuzzled his back lovingly.
“If that is true… You would be the first.” John lay back down on the bed, giving the alpha his back and staring at the wall across from him.
John allowed his mother to guide him out of the dressing room of the fancy country club, down a long hallway, and out to the gardens. There was soft instrumental music playing, piercingly haunting cello vibrating the moment he neared, followed by a violin, piano, and harp.
“Says who?” John snipped. Sure he wanted his own room, but he couldn’t take the upstairs room, Sherlock had to, his leg wouldn’t let him.
"Oh, come on. He's nearly the same age as Colin Firth."
Ella couldn’t even begin to understand how John felt. She was a beta.
“Yes, it’s so good.” The omega within John vibrated with excitement.
Sherlock's anger rose the longer it took John to respond, and just when he was ready to curse the alpha, demand he play into his role, the alpha moved.
"John." Sherlock whispered, partly wishing to wake the slumbering alpha, though another part fearfully wished he remained sleeping.
"I know."
Scenting wasn't strictly reserved for mates. Family and close friends scented each other to affirm their affections, to soothe, and bond. Still, Sherlock wasn't like other omegas. He was controlling and distrustful of John and he knew that they'd have another argument about this, but John wouldn't allow Mary's beta to feel rejected and in turn reject their pup. The baby's health was just as important as John's feelings for Sherlock, which meant there would be confrontation, but John hoped Sherlock would understand. It was platonic scenting, sure it was with his wife, but John loved Sherlock. John wanted to be with Sherlock. He also wanted to help Mary bring up their pup healthily. The next few months were sure to be difficult, but after the baby was born, John hoped divorcing Mary would reassure Sherlock of his devotion.
"Yes. She is healthy now. I... I hate that I lied to you to ensure her life, but I don't regret marrying you. If I never agreed to marry you, I would have never known what real love is."
"He forgot me, Mycroft. He forgot
, Mycroft. That proves he doesn't regret it."
." Sherlock confirmed and his lips moved towards his own.
“Fill me up, Sherlock.
Clients were pouring in now after John started his blogs and each case seemed interesting in their own way to John, but Sherlock was just so darn picky. A part of him understood, Sherlock needed a complex case to help keep his mind on its toes in a manner of speaking, and he wanted that for Sherlock. Still, Sherlock could work on his sensitivity with addressing potential clients.
John shut his eyes, feeling unbelievably tired and it really didn't matter what Sherlock had him say, he knew who he was. If Sherlock wanted to be rough with him that was okay too. John felt worse in the war.
“Oh, God, John, I want this too!” Sherlock husked, mouthing John’s bond bite. John ridding him of any lingering doubt or hesitation lowered a hand to grab a hold of his cock and guided the head to John’s hole.
John’s eyes remained fixed on the ground.
"Sherlock!" John objected to wherever the omega was leading that statement. "It wasn't like that."
“I’m starting to see just how much.” Sherlock’s voice was gentle then, as if truly taking in just how much feeling John possessed for him.
“Right… I’ll just go on my own then.”
, John told himself. This life wasn’t worth living. Being bullied, forced to marry a cruel alpha, and then being raped for the rest of his life and giving his tormentor children wasn’t living. So, John had decided then it would end. He began to weigh his options and came to his decision one evening as he and Harry drove around town. Staring out the window at St Bart’s Hospital’s rooftop, John decided that would be how he ended it.
John watched as Sherlock's brows furrowed, his eyes filling with an array of emotions John was unsure of, and felt the hand wrapped around his own release him, until John's hand fell limply at his side.
“Shhh, John, it’s okay.”
"I'm truly sorry for all that I've done to hurt you and Sherlock." Mary spoke softly, standing outside of his country home doorstep. A taxi car waiting for her on his driveway, preparing to take her to the airport, from then on John wasn't sure where Mary would be traveling to, but he could only think of it as for the best.
Sherlock scoffed at John's reasoning and looked away, suddenly unable to meet the alpha's eyes.
John’s eyes stung even more so, gleaming and the alpha’s features blurred together. Lowering his head, John bit his bottom lip, nodded a silent thank you when the alpha said nothing more. John left Sherlock to stand alone while he made his way back to the estate.
“Lestrade can wait. Your husband can’t.” John huskily spoke, nibbling at the bond mark.
“Sher—” John tried anyways.
“John… please, don’t cry.” Sherlock whined, feeling helpless, unsure what to do to calm John. A tentative hand pressed against John’s back and gracelessly ran over John’s back, Sherlock’s other hand cradled the back of his head, bringing him in closer and allowing John to lean heavily against him.
"I can't." John was guilt-ridden, because he wasn't strong enough to leave.
. My love has always been so clear. You know I love you more than words could possibly express, more than anyone could love anyone, John. This is a once in a lifetime kind of love, you can’t deny a love such as this,
The best was a jazz festival where Sherlock preceded to criticize their performance, it was all dreadful, or so that was what Sherlock kept repeating. John just grinned at the sulking young man and pinched his arm, receiving a heated glare, but John only felt fondness at the sight of it.
Inhaling John's pleasing scent, Sherlock shut his eyes and nuzzled against his mate's neck, wrapping his arms tight around John's waist, and exhaled all of his frustrations. John was right. He'd just go shopping again and buy more clothes.
“No.”
John nodded solemnly and followed Mycroft out to where the wedding was to be held.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Having this thought in mind John finally rose from the bed and proceeded to take one of the longest showers of his life. He let the heat of the water and the soap rinse off the evidence of his heat, until he smelled thickly of soap. After, John changed his clothes and then quickly stripped his bedding, throwing the clothes in a plastic bag to later throw out (there was no salvaging them) and setting out a clean set of sheets. Opening the window of his room, John hoped that the remaining scent of his heat would quickly leave the room, so that he wouldn’t have to be reminded of what had happened. The last of tasks John made was taking his suppressants once more, because John would… could no longer fool himself: Sherlock would never want him and John would never suffer the embarrassment of a heat alone.
. He was only sixteen, at this rate he was sure if he didn’t do it, the betas would. John really had no future set out for himself. The moment he’d fully matured his parents would contact his intended’s parents and the wedding preparations would begin. Then what? John would be confined to his alpha’s home, bred and birth litter after litter. Was that really a life? Was that really worth living for?
"You are pregnant, Sherlock. Your body is changing, but we're almost at the finish line."
Sherlock’s mirthfulness vanished then, his smile replaced by concern.
"Oh!" Sherlock liked the idea of that. He'd never saw himself submitting to anyone, but being
“I know why you keep that fucking towel.” John hissed angrily.
“But—” John persisted, glancing over to Sherlock’s swelled ankle with worry.
While John waited for Harry he’d texted Mycroft, requesting the exact location of Sherlock’s flat. He’d half expected the older man to ignore his text, given the heated glares he’d been sending his way since Sherlock left Sherrinford. If he had chosen not to reply, there were still Mr. and Mrs. Holmes he could contact. However, thankfully, Mycroft sent the address with no other message but it.
John began hyperventilating, knowing just how disastrous that would be for his current state and yet unable to catch his breath as tears burst forth and fogged his vision. Lids falling heavy, but John fought against giving in.
Sherlock was curious. Curious to understand the change in John — that blasted heat changed John and the way he’d looked at him just now was strangely unbearable to witness.
"I left the flat to run an errand."
Sherlock had been duped and fell hook, line and sinker for it. He'd been used and how John must have suffered. How John must have felt disgusted with himself for having to touch, kiss, and
“She’s got a West Highland terrier called Whisky. Not exactly what we’re looking for.”
"Will you not wish me a good night's rest?" John asked hopefully, but silence was his answer. John couldn't hang up though because through the background of the city noise, John could still hear the calm breaths of his love.
“Lestrade, may I come in. I have some things I’d like to discuss.” Mycroft pursed his lips. He hadn’t spoken to Lestrade much as of late. They had communicated more in the past when they’d both been monitoring Sherlock as he’d been addicted to drugs and working cases.
Sherlock took another long drag of his cigarette, and blew the smoke in John's direction.
Sherlock jerked his head, attempting to quiet the screaming within his mind, the howling of his omega shaking his mind palace further; more cracks lined the tattered walls of his destroyed palace.
“Oh? Really? From the way Sherlock has been behaving, it doesn’t seem like he minds my flirting.”
"Because you're an idiot." John huffed a breath of frustration, one part amazed, another weary.
“Is something the matter?” Mr. Holmes asked seeming to notice Sherlock’s change.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John glared. Of course he was jealous, in pain, grieving the loss of Sherlock’s love, but he wouldn’t acknowledge these things to the very woman who’d stolen his husband.
John felt his heart pulse painfully at Sherlock’s unexpected hostility. Stepping back to give himself a decent amount of space when the alpha unexpectedly stood. Breaking eye contact, Sherlock left the bathroom to enter his room.
Sherlock’s answer was swallowing John whole and sucking with such force, John was reduced to keening out pitiful mewls of ecstasy. John panted loudly watching Sherlock’s hand loosely hold himself and fondle himself in quick, eager movements.
When he opened the flat door, John wasn’t expecting to find Sherlock standing on the couch between his mother and father.
“John?” Sherlock surveyed the room with a look of astonishment and slight confusion.
Every time Mycroft came to visit him in regards to Sherlock, Gregory’s alpha would whine pitifully, desperate for attention, for the loving affection of Mycroft. That wasn’t going to happen though. Gregory couldn’t allow it. He’d made vows to honor his wife. He wouldn’t betray Jean, no matter what his inner alpha needed. It still couldn’t tamper the need for the other alpha though.
Inhaling a trembling breath, John cautiously raised his head up and was met by kind cerulean eyes staring back at him. The heat of John’s face worsened still when a grin curved the pale pink lips of Sherlock’s.
“I thought that’s what you wanted.” Sherlock whimpered affectionately caressing John’s sides.
As the elevator doors were closing a figure hurriedly wedged itself in before the door dinged shut and Mycroft’s jaw clenched tight when he met Lestrade’s gaze.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"On your hands and knees. Kiss my feet."
“For being cruel. For not understanding and blaming you for everything. You are
“My Sherlock.”
Moriarty continued as Sherlock's shoulders turned inwards on himself.
John flashed a contemptuous smile before, in a flash of color, he struck out his fist and punched the pompous prat square in the face. Mycroft reeled back, hands moving to cover his bleeding nose, all while green eyes flared with anger.
Sherlock had been far crueler the week after John’s heat and he could only surmise it was because John refused to meet Sherlock’s gaze directly and lacked the energy to try talking to the omega. The less John spoke to Sherlock, the more Sherlock became volatile. Sherlock began breaking dishes purposefully and left the mess for John to clean up. Sherlock put an unwrapped human heart in the pot of watered chicken and sliced lemons John left to thaw out in the kitchen sink. John simply wrapped up the heart and set it in the refrigerator, threw out the chicken and lemons, and ordered takeout. Sherlock played the violin incessantly, all hours. John didn’t mind, so Sherlock made it a point to clang about the home and smiled triumphantly when John was unable to sleep.
"I have only ever been kind, understanding, and patient with you. I deserve to know why I repulse you so. Come on, Sherlock. Let's be honest with each other. What is it that you hate so much about me? What? My looks? Status? Upbringing? Is that it? Am I not posh enough for you? Am I not of your level? Tell me!"
"End of Baker Street, there's a good Chinese, stays open till two. You can always tell a good Chinese by examining the bottom third of the door handle." Sherlock explained exactly as to how as they continued their path.
“You are amazing! You are fantastic!”
John couldn’t understand it. From what he’d read the bond should have completely severed, even if not immediately after the alpha’s death, it should have severed fully soon after. John’s bond hadn’t severed yet and though he couldn’t understand it, he clung to that little piece of Sherlock. He nurtured it, immersed himself in its warmth and sometimes—John knew he must be losing his mind with exhaustion—it felt like a gentle pulse would course through his entire body. Energy that was both bright and powerful—Sherlock—and John would cry while welcoming the surge of energy.
John stood and turned to leave, but Sherlock rushed for him, moving to stand in his way. When John tried to go left and around Sherlock, the alpha countered him, when John moved right, Sherlock countered again.
John paused at Sherlock’s words. Did he really know? Would he trust him not to let his alpha back out?
responsible for any of it. This is all because of… because of…
One of John's hands scrambled for Sherlock's cock and gave it three strokes and Sherlock let out a sob. John's knot slamming past Sherlock's rim, sealing them together. The rush of semen stuffing Sherlock past the brink and feeling nearly unbearable. Squirming and shivering in John's arms, Sherlock came with the feel of a rough thumb scrubbing the wetness of the head of his cock.
Sherlock's eyes darkened with seriousness, "Oh you have John. You've been irresponsible."
John was trying. He was trying to be strong for his loved ones. He was trying to give them more time to accept his declining health, but his omega was in distress. John was curled under the comforter of his bed when it began. His senses became heightened; the lights from outside the window and noise of the bustling city filled his senses. It started off slow: hearing an elderly couple reminiscing about their youth, a mother admonishing her child for running off while she shopped, a group of friends joking around. Only, more and more people’s voices filled his ears. Releasing a horrified shout, John slammed his palms against his ears, attempting to drown out the sounds.
"You hate me now. I know, and I'm so sorry. I messed up. I really messed up. But... I love you... I love you, Sherlock. With my every being,
“I wanted them because they were ours. I want whatever you can give me, and even if we don’t ever have children, I’m fine with it just being us.”
I’ll understand. It’s just...”
John’s brows rose with surprise, not expecting that.
Sherlock never touched himself here. This sex was only John's. It was made for John's fingers, his cock, and (Sherlock hoped, one day) John's mouth. Sherlock had rather enjoyed reading about how partners would share themselves in that way. Alphas
"Sorry. Forgive me?"
“Have you ever loved?” John blurted, a question held within for so long, somehow coming out of him without thought.
John didn’t move. Just watched as his omega’s lips pursed into a grimace of acceptance and lowered his gaze to the ground.
“You think I'm a vicar with a bleeding face?”
John did as instructed. Axel rounded slowly and began the path back to the farmhouse. Sherlock, still walking at his side, raised a hand and patted John’s knee. John met Sherlock’s stare, his heart jumped when a kind smile greeted him. For some bizarre reason, John returned it with one of his own.
“Mycroft, I don’t do anonymous clients. I’m used to mystery at one end of my cases. Both ends is too much work. Good morning.” Sherlock said swiftly making for the exit.
"Thank you. I can see the thought of your actions. I'm sorry the meal didn't come out the way you wanted, but the dining area was beautifully decorated."
John took a step away, eyes dampening, and thought about all the pain he’d caused Sherlock these four months. All the times John rejected Sherlock. All the cruel words he’d told him.
Sherlock's eyes clenched shut, because it was too bloody much. He was trembling continuously, his chest huffing heavy breaths. Releasing his belly with his other arm, Sherlock scrambled to grip to the bedsheets below them and clawed at them with a shaky fist.
“It’s too soon. It should have started tomorrow.” Sherlock hummed, knowing that although heat cycles were rather easy to calculate, when an omega was close to heat and their alpha’s arousal was most prominent, their heat could develop sooner than expected.
Sherlock sighed excitedly through their kiss. John towered over him, straddling his hips and sat back. John’s hands pressed against Sherlock’s narrow waist, nudging unrelentingly, wordlessly willing him to push himself back and to the center of the bed. Sherlock answered John persistence with a soft chuckle, so impatient, always in a hurry, his lovely John. Sherlock crawled back, undulating his hips up to playfully and unheedingly thrust up between John’s robe and spread legs. He effectively rubbed his hard, pulsing wet cock encased in his pricey trousers against his alpha’s freely leaking cock hidden in the shadows of his robe.
“I was thorough this time. It would take Sherlock Holmes to fool me. And I don't think he was on hand. Do you? So…” Mycroft paused, pushing the file over to John. “What should we tell Sherlock?”
John shut his eyes to hide the dampness that burned his eyes.
, a power play. A power play with the most powerful family in Britain. Now that is a dominatrix.
“Sherlock.” John quivered, eyes gleaming, mouth parting in a breathless exhale, letting go, feeling something within break, burst into a million pieces as he came. Hot pearly cum coated his chest.
John couldn't help but laugh loudly.
John searched Sherlock’s eyes for some sign, something that would answer his many questions, but only found troubled relief. It was a confusing combination and he was unsure what to make of it.
… I’m sorry. I’m so very sorry. I have to. I can’t lose you. I just can’t...
“Nothing I do is good enough.
John was avoiding looking further up ahead and to where the chairs faced. He wasn’t ready to look at the wedding party, not the priest and most certainly not the groom. Instead, John took several steps closer, until he stood out of the shadows and directly faced the aisle. He was still a good ten feet away. John noticed that at this angle he could see the band, seated at the right end of the white and red rose arch.
John didn’t much like the whole romantic candle lit dinner, but he rather this than eating with the other Holmes’. Releasing a heavy sigh, John seated himself across from the alpha and stared down at their meal. It was some type of Italian pasta.
John ate another bite of his meal, stomach feeling calmed of its aching burn now that he had some food in him.
Sherlock shifted again, craning his head and tilting it back to look up at John.
“I don’t
"Your room is up those stairs." Sherlock flicked his hand in the direction of them and continued speaking, "Tomorrow we begin our bonding. I'll bear your touches and care, but don't think it means I forgive you or want you. The faster I'm healed, the faster I can get away from you."
"You're drenched." John observed bluntly.
The door swung open mid-knock and John was met by the sight of an infuriated Harry. The anger at once faded and was replaced by alarm and confusion.
John glanced down at himself, no longer aroused, flaccid, and then over to Sherlock who was going limp. John hissed acrimoniously, he couldn’t even please his alpha, of course Sherlock kept that lover’s towel. John wasn’t what Sherlock wanted. Not really. Sherlock was just making this unfortunate arrangement forced on him work.
“You’re cruel Sherlock.” John sobbed softly.
They had been good friends. All their lives spent together. Mary was family whether they were married or not.
Sherlock smiled back, nodded shyly and the two finally mustered up the courage to enter one of the many baby stores they’d walked passed. Not a moment after they entered the shop did a petite young woman step over to them.
“I… forgot I’d made plans to meet with Harry.” John lied and this time when he looked behind him and to the now standing alpha, he knew Sherlock caught the lie.
. Thank you, John.”
John woke early the next morning, and readied for the day before heading to the empty kitchen. Not wanting to disturb the slumbering Sherlock, he moved about as quietly as he could and prepared breakfast. It wasn’t a usual occurrence for John to be up before Sherlock, but one he didn’t mind. Sherlock didn’t much like to eat, always finding other things to distract himself with. John didn’t like this unhealthy habit of the eccentric genius, so John made it a point to prepare meals for Sherlock and didn’t give the genius an opportunity to decline.
John hurriedly rolled off of the alpha and gave the man his back. Focusing on his breathing, John tried not to enjoy the scent of arousal still filling the room.
"I dream about kissing you."
wanted him.
“Sorry.... Wrong day to die…”
Sherlock whimpered, his lower sex, producing slick, was open to the elements, the cool air of the room sending tantalizing chills to his enflamed red hole.
"You're bloody brilliant." Sherlock rasped and John tipped his forehead foreward, pressing his against Sherlock's own, in acceptance of that lovely complement.
"I heard you." John sighed, removing his hand from his mouth to instead run his fingers through his hair. "You are a complete nutter, but I hear you."
Sherlock's senses were ever strong and he scented as John's scent was joined by Mycroft's, then his mother and father. Still, none of them came in as he'd requested it of the hospital. Every so often his assigned doctor would enter and than he would be forced to lay on the bed and allow the woman to check and see how far dilated he was.
“Again.” John breathlessly requested, licking his lip, eyes shut, jaw agape when yet again Sherlock prodded at that wonderful place within.
“Mm.” John hummed, turning on his side when one of Sherlock’s arms snaked under him and brought John close.
“Well, maybe he’s just not hungry.” John offered, but then he realized he should have just stayed quiet because Sherlock was angry and wanted to seek out a confrontation with him.
Laughed another voice.
John glared at his own glass of wine, wishing he had something stronger, but as he realized soon after arriving to the reception, the Holmeses valued fine wine over hard liquor.
“Mm, okay.” Sherlock hummed, distracted with his organs and John grumbled curses on his way to their bedroom where he slammed the door shut, refusing to be in the same room as the completely ludicrous alpha.
“Sherlock… is agreeable.”
The last of the memories that broke him was the look of resignation on Sherlock's face as he'd given up on him. On a possibility of them ever being an, 'us'. John missed Sherlock. He'd never stop missing him. Their bond was frayed and would never be as strong as it had been before Sherlock's fake suicide.
“Who are you?” John pursed his lips in a scowl.
Sherlock knew he hadn't gained the right to touch John's neck and that was why he'd chosen to do it. A wordless threat between the two. On camera it was a demonstration just how much John trusted his omega to touch him, but between the two it was nothing of the sort.
When John finished his examination and gave Victor a clean bill of health, he felt a sense of loss, not wanting the omega to leave. It confused John, because although Victor was attractive, his alpha wasn't interested in anything that was more than platonic. It was more of a kindred spirit, someone like himself, someone who understood his wants and shortcomings.
"Don't ever leave me again, John."
Mycroft’s lips thinned displeased with John’s inability to readily conform.
Sherlock was an alpha, and no matter how young he was, it was well known that if an alpha met their omega, they would give into their primal instincts and attempt to claim their mate before their omega reached full adulthood. If this were to occur it would damage their omegas fertility. Therefore, Sherlock’s parents had forbidden him from meeting his intended until his omega peaked.
"Shhh."
Shutting the door after Angelo’s departing form, John turned hesitantly began walking towards Sherlock without the use of his cane. He felt like he should say something. Thank Sherlock maybe, but words choked up in his throat and before he could even try to force them out, Mrs. Hudson came bounding downstairs.
John’s eyes faltered, unable to hold Sherlock’s stare for longer than a moment and stared down between them at the bottle of lube on the mattress, grimacing by the bluntness of it. Was John second best compared to this elusive past lover of Sherlock’s? Would Sherlock secretly be comparing the two? Was John inadequate compared to this past love? John knew he didn’t know much about relationships and sex, but he’d thought…
Sherlock looked around him, knowing how irrational he was being, no one would be in his wing, especially when they were all downstairs enjoying the celebration. Still, Sherlock felt almost guilty as if he were being caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
“There you two are! What do you think you are doing? You have a reception to go to.” Mrs. Holmes rambled on as she entered the room and went straight to Sherlock, grabbing his arm and pulling him from off his seat.
“Ate out.” John lied, though the alpha sensed it. John, after all, was a terrible liar.
Mycroft's features smoothed out to give nothing away as he deliberated this idea. "You mean to appeal to his animal state in sessions to heal him over a period of time rather than to consummate the union to do so in one act."
“John, listen to me. I never—”
“Please John.” Harry spoke throatily, clasping a hold of his arm and squeezing tight. “It makes me sad knowing you’re alone. I don’t want you to be living like this anymore.”
He'd been wrong to come. It had been too long. Someone like Gregory would have found someone else. Someone better than him. He shouldn't have been so foolish to...
. I'm going to... to... I—” Sherlock whimpered against John’s lips.
“A file the matchmaking service gave me.” John said the first of what he knew would be many lies to Sherlock, the man he was to marry come morning, and live the rest of his life hiding secrets from.
“I’m ready. Sherlock...
“Do you mind if we skip the introductions and get to the testing first. I need to be certain you are what you say you are.”
John didn’t know how to respond and stared at his mother, looking for help. She wasn’t any better, blubbering like a fool, wailing excessively. John frowned when she’d showered messy kisses to his face and another hand planted itself on his stomach.
Ella stared on with concern. John was her patient and she cared about him, like she cared about all her other patients. Still, John was different. John was her first omega patient, the first omega she’d ever met, and she knew how omegas were tremendously loyal and sensitive when their status was placed into question by their alpha. Alphas weren’t generally monogamous and it was always excruciating for an omega to accept their alpha wanted another lover.
His mother said nothing. She didn’t pressure him. Ignoring the hundred of stares, she cupped his face in her hands and pulled him down to press their foreheads together. She hadn’t placed such a kind token like this since he was a child, yet it always reassured him when she did so.
Sherlock would be damned if he texted the alpha to ask where he was, but he left his science project on the table and began pacing the floor with agitation.
"That's good. Just like that. Mm. You smell delicious."
"Then look now." John urged, crawling up onto the bed and closer to the uneasy Sherlock.
"It hurts too much." Sherlock found himself saying and didn't mean to cause the alpha to flinch away at his words.
, John’s alpha growled within.
"Wait here." Sherlock ordered and left the stunned alpha.
"I don't like it here." John admitted, remaining honest, and hoped that it would somehow soothe Sherlock's pain. If Sherlock knew how miserable he was here, he'd see that it was because of his love for Sherlock that he was staying and trying to make himself better. It wasn't that John liked being away from his mate, it was that he needed to be.
John couldn't stop the tears from falling from his eyes anymore, staring up at those pained eyes of his true omega, seeing his mate was just as pained. Sea green, wet and staring at him with a silent plea that it was all lies.
“Oh, dear.
On John’s days off, he’d sleep in, wrapping himself snuggly against Sherlock. At midmorning, Sherlock couldn’t stand to remain in bed any longer and he’d slip out with John grumbling and complaining. Sherlock would leave him for his experimenting and John would stay in bed an hour or so longer resting, before reluctantly clamoring out and readying himself.
"We don't have to. I won't push you." John reassured, his caressing comforting.
Sherlock smirked and softly stroked John's rear.
Even as John tried to leave, Sherlock wouldn’t let him, instead Sherlock followed after him like a lost puppy.
Sherlock sat himself on the deck area of the restaurant, shielded by a dividing low wooden wall and ivy plants. His menu book proved another helpful tool for concealing his presence. The annoying waitress assigned to his table kept coming back to take his order and Sherlock finally ordered the restaurant's special, but refused to give her his menu booklet and told her he might add an order later and for her to leave it. She soon brought him his order and he left it untouched and continued spying on the alpha.
John grinned and gave a sharp nod.
“Come to the left, it’s easier for beginners to mount this way.” Sherlock advised with an outstretched hand, beckoning John over.
“I know, right!”
“Fuck you, Sherlock. I’m stating truth. You have needs. You’re an alpha!”
"You've made me this way. That beautiful cock of yours is always on my mind. I can't get enough of it." Sherlock was dead serious, so he took great offense when John laughed at him.
“So, John, tell us about your time in the army.” Mr. Holmes broke in and John felt the color drain from his face.
...” So simple an utterance, but the depths of his articulation of his husband’s name held with it the love he had yet to voice in anything other than, “
"John." Sherlock voiced with assertion, because that was too much of a request for the alpha to follow.
, listen to me, please. Let me explain everything first, then I’ll answer any questions you might have, but please try and understand why I did what I did.”
“Your deodorant told me that.”
"I know you must think me insincere, but that is far from the truth."
Sherlock glanced around the empty room and bit his bottom lip nervously.
decided to get tested by the alpha/omega matchmaking services. Why he did so married, Sherlock couldn't understand. How could his alpha be so cruel as to take his true mate after he'd decided long ago to marry a beta?
"Keep your voice down!" John hushed Sherlock as they walked passed Sergeant Donovan.
John’s sobs softened as his muscles relaxed and though he fought it, he succumbed to the darkness once again.
” John’s omega wept pathetically.
John smiled frailly and shrugged his shoulders.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John rose from his chair and moved towards the front door.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John laughed. “You
“Sherlock is arranged to be married.”
Sherlock remained voiceless, motionless, but the soft stuttering breath that blew from parted lips was more than enough for John.
“I know you like him too, Sherlock.” John added stubbornly.
“But the towel—”
Sherlock was still on the case, he most likely wouldn’t come home for a long while. Rising to his feet, John began putting the food away and when the kitchen was clean, he headed to their room and readied himself for bed. He was exhausted and had to wake early for work.
.” Sherlock gasped the moment John’s coarse fingers brushed over his pale pink nipples, flicking and pinching each of them to hardness.
Sherlock faced John and whatever he saw in John’s eyes destroyed the contented smile upon his face.
Sherlock rose to his feet and without saying another word, he left the room. John began to contemplate the alpha’s words.
"Shut up!" Sherlock shouted, hands flying to clutch his head, fingers weaving through his wild hair.
Of course Sherlock would have had other lovers. Sherlock must have had loads of lays. John wasn’t Sherlock’s first hand hold, hug, scenting, kiss, or fuck.
John hesitantly dabbed at the bleeding wound and glanced up into Sherlock’s eyes. The alpha’s face was tense, but gave no more indication of feeling any pain as he cleaned the wound. John broke his gaze from the alpha to further focus on his task at hand.
The second push, hurt worse than the first. Each push after proved more difficult and hard to endure. Breathing was suddenly a confusing complex act; he stuttered in his breathing and stopped pushing altogether, sobbing through the pain and glaring at the doctor who encouraged him to keep pushing.
Sherlock huffed impatiently and snatched it from the other man. Slinking back into his seat, throwing his legs over one side of the chair’s handle while pressing his back against the other side, Sherlock flipped it open and read it.
" Sherlock whimpered at the sudden feel of a mouth sucking up his small bollocks, the alpha's heated tongue rolling them in his mouth, before humming around them-
“We should go back inside.” Sherlock heaved a breath of disappointment.
John froze. Sherlock had asked him something similar their first night together as a wedded couple. He could also remember calling Sherlock an animal and felt regret for just how cruel he’d been. Sherlock hadn’t deserved such hostility. They’d just been married and John had spent their first wedding night maliciously attacking Sherlock with the worst of insults.
“I’m a fake.” Sherlock choked out through sentiment and John’s omega coiled inward, affected by the sorrow in his alpha’s voice.
Sherlock didn’t hesitate and bowed his head low. John broke eye contact with his mother when heated lips grazed a trail down, gliding and analyzing; they sought the perfect position to place the bond mark. Being this close to Sherlock, he couldn’t prevent himself from inhaling the alpha’s scent. Sherlock smelled of herbal tea, biscuits, mint and something purely masculine, something that screamed alpha and dominance. His omega curled in on itself, strongly affected by the scent, it spurred his stomach into tumbling knots. All that his omega wanted was to bury itself in his alpha’s scent gland and smell that scent where it was its strongest, because,
"To hell with you! Why should I try?
John needed to get away. He didn't have anyone he was truly close to. Not Harry, because there were all the lies he'd recently fed her. Even Victor, who was becoming a close friend wasn't close to him on a personal level, because of the secrets he was hiding.
It had been unbearable most days, the cruelty of the betas, their strength—John had tried. God knows he’d tried to defend himself from their rock-like fists, but he was only one omega against a group of strong betas.
John mutely watched as Sherlock raised his fork of eggs and ate his meal.
A gloved hand took hold of his and John raised his eyes to meet Sherlock’s concerned gray.
on suppressants then stopping. John had missed forty-eight consecutive heat cycles. The gynecologist assured him his fertility was still intact and timed his next heat cycle to begin in two months. However, John was worried about what would happen at that time.
"Lestrade... Have a seat." Mycroft cut in, gesturing to one of the two empty chairs across from him.
“You are not what I thought you to be.” John confessed.
It was hateful, all of it. Why hadn’t his parents told him? Maybe they didn’t know. This couldn’t keep happening.
John didn’t speak. Alphas were the top dogs, the most powerful. Sherlock couldn’t deny what was instinctual. All alphas were the same.
John sighed deeply, but said nothing. Victor was hurting because John had foolishly led the omega on, though he'd thought he'd made himself clear to Victor that he wasn't looking for a relationship. He shouldn't have befriended Victor when concealing his personal life.
"Mary." John began because he needed this to stop.
John glanced over the swarm of witnesses, searching for his family. When he caught sight of his parents and Harry, he kept his gaze on them. He didn’t care if he appeared unwilling or disrespectful. The Holmes had bought him to be bred, not to be a loving mate, and he never would be.
John sobbed harder as being touched pained him more than the loneliness. He turned his head so that he now faced Sherlock. Face, momentarily dry from wiping it across the pillow, John leaned forward and pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s, closed his eyes and inhaled deeply of the alpha’s scent.
Sherlock breathed through his mouth. He refused to scent his true mate anymore. He refused to acknowledge the alpha even had a scent. He'd never scent the alpha in return.
Sherlock smiled, though John noticed the tightness at the corner of his lips when he did so this time.
"I'm broken and I don't know if I will ever be the perfect omega for you. All I know is I want to be with you. I need you, because you make me so bloody happy."
“No, definitely not.”
an omega who could freely love him and right now, John wasn't there mentally. Sure, he could go now and beg Sherlock to take him back. But if he did it still wouldn't change the way things had been between them. It wouldn't fix what was internally wrong with John. He would still shy away from expressions of love, he'd still question Sherlock's motives and distrust him, though he knew Sherlock was a good man. When Sherlock failed to reach his expectations, John would answer his mate with cruelty.
Sherlock's eyes hardened. He grabbed hold of John and angrily shoved his gentle touches away.
By the time Sherlock had finished, John was already lying in the bed…in the middle. Sherlock slid under the sheets and after a moment’s pause, wrapped his arms around John’s middle and buried his head against the omega’s neck. John exhaled a shaky breath, trying to rid his nerves, but still trembled slightly in the alpha’s hold.
fertile he was. The insipid woman had even joked with Sherlock’s parents that all an alpha would need to do was give him the hairy eye and he’d be up the duff. Sherlock didn’t laugh, didn’t even validate that she’d spoken.
“There have been some rumors, and some of those sleazy magazines have hinted that you two might… I have happened to find the two of you in a rather romantic restaurant, so I have to ask — a date?”
"Sherlock, get on the bed!" John demanded, stilling his touches and leaning forward with an outstretched hand.
One particular night, Sherlock couldn’t seem to hold his rage any longer and began insulting John’s intelligence and cursing at him to show some alpha dominance after they’d finished a case.
“Why are you so… kind to me when all I’ve been is cruel?”
"Thank you." John answered back, knowing though Sherlock was struggling, he did it all for him.
“Naughty.” Sherlock teased, breathlessly, moaning as he quickened his strokes and spread his legs wide, as wide as they could go, revealing his red cock coated in white cum and his glazed in slick pale ass.
Each harsh wave of bliss left Sherlock breathless and feeling out of his skin. John driving him through it. Sucking, fingering him through all the spasms of delight taking over his body, until Sherlock's cock gave a dry jolt, emptied, and his omega hole loosened around the fingers inside of him.
“Sorry.” Sherlock said.
Victor glanced up, expectantly.
Victor raised his gaze from the ground and flashed a weak smile. Victor smiled a lot, and where John found that an annoying trait from most, strangely enough Victor looked the best with a smile on.
They were obviously not of the same breed, but Sherlock didn't care. His instincts told him these were the ones. They sat well-mannered on their hind legs, their tails wagged slightly when they made eye contact with him, but they weren't wiggling and panting for attention for just anyone. The dogs he chose for his pups needed to be cautious of strangers, but not altogether aggressive of their presence. Protectors like Redbeard had been to him.
John ignored him, not having the courage to admit how he wanted to believe what the alpha said. Except… It would go against everything he’d been taught to believe about alpha/omega dynamics. How could he trust a stranger?
"No...
“You…” John shut his mouth as nothing else could come from it, nothing else that would make much sense, anyways.
John’s arms constricted their hold of Sherlock.
As John lay in bed waiting for his alpha; he began to wonder if he would even show up. As the hours passed and the alpha still had yet to arrive, John curled in on himself. Pressing his face into the alpha’s designated pillow, he inhaled deeply and clamped his eyes shut. He was alone. His alpha had abandoned him. John hugged himself tightly, balling himself in a cocoon of blankets to keep warm from the chill of winter and released a pained howl; a howl of loneliness that went unanswered...
John had even talked him into going on several more dates together, doing all kinds of things - thankfully no films were involved this time. Though usually whatever activity they did ended with them going out to eat somewhere. John still talked the majority of the time, but Sherlock was attempting to listen more than dwell in his thoughts.
Sherlock laved at the head again, before pale lips puckered and planted a sucking kiss on the tip. John whimpered pitifully, squirming at the oversensitivity of such manipulation. Sherlock’s graveling hum sent zinging pulses of rapture to overtake him.
John exhaled a deep breath, sneaking one of his arms under Sherlock’s shoulder, his other stroking over the open space of Sherlock’s chest.
“I’m sorry.”
"Hello, dear," Mrs. Holmes said and Mr. Holmes smiled in greeting.
“Why do you care?” Sherlock shot back.
Moriarty smiled up at Sherlock. “He's sweet. I can see why you like having him around. But then people do get so sentimental about their pets. They're so touching and loyal. But
"Dinner?" Sherlock was hungry and today had been so... perplexing. All he wanted now was to eat something and go to sleep, perhaps with his nose pressed against the alpha's scent gland.
Sherlock didn’t return for a long while and John’s arousal dwindled down to nothing in that time, the stress weighing heavily on his shoulders and eliminating him of any excitement.
“How about now?” John pleaded, a mischievous hand lowering to palm the developing hardness between Sherlock’s legs.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The omega in John happily lowered one hand, took hold of Sherlock’s own and planted it on his flat stomach.
Gregory watched as a drunk John stumbled away after wishing him a good night and made his way out of the pub. Gregory remained as he’d taken notice of a young woman - slim of frame and blond - across the room who had been eyeing him for some time now. Smiling up at the pale features of the young woman, Gregory rose from his chair and walked over to her.
. It was all meant to fill him up and fertilize his eggs. He needed desperately.
“John.” Sherlock called, uncertainty in his voice, eyes still shut, though his hands reached out above where John’s head was, seeming to try and find him in the blindness of his closed eyes.
"John,” Sherlock breathed. So many things in that one utterance of his name.
Lestrade bit his bottom lip, seeming to realize his fumble.
“It’s okay. I’m close. I'm almost... almost there. Come on, Sherlock.” John warmly urged, hugging Sherlock close with one arm while their joined hands worked on bringing him off.
“John...” Sherlock bleated, taking a hesitant step forward.
John was furious. He could hardly contain his rage. This woman had no sense of decency. As she sat in the living room, John’s nostrils flared hating that the woman smelled of Sherlock and a bit like himself. The scent was disgusting. She smelled as if she was Sherlock’s second and it was excruciating. He hated most of all that Sherlock wasn’t upset with her. That he wasn’t behaving like a normal alpha would in this situation.
“Mother, why don’t we give them some privacy? I doubt Sherlock feels like he can be himself with us here.” Mycroft offered, attempting to pacify the situation.
Sherlock nodded emphatically.
Exhaling a breath, John lowered his head, then straightened his back with resolve and met Sherlock's stare directly. "You were the best and the wisest man... that I have ever known."
"I didn't think you'd be so amorous."
“You’re adorable when you’re embarrassed. I rather like it… a lot.”
What was Sherlock supposed to say? He wouldn't give him his support. That was for certain. But he couldn't demand John not see her. If he made John stay with him and neglect her when she was in such a sensitive stage he would be blamed for her miscarriage. They'd already been away from each other for two months - any longer would risk their child's health. Sherlock really didn't mind the idea of her miscarrying that blasted child, but then John's immediate devastation of that child's demise caused Sherlock pause.
“There is the couch, yes.” Sherlock didn’t want the couch.
Sherlock tried. God knows he’d tried. He’d tried everything he could think of. He’d been patient, compassionate, understanding.
Sherlock made quick work of tending to the small cuts on his face and took more care to bandage the gash on his head. He needed stitches if he didn't want to have a glaring scar, but he didn't want to go to the hospital to do it. It would take time and answering questions he didn't want to answer. It wouldn't matter anyways - his fringe would more than hide it.
Although Mrs. Holmes reminded Sherlock that John’s heat would soon be starting, the alpha had lied to her.
The two sat there for hours, drinking and talking. Harry did most of the talking while John mutely nodded, demonstrating that he was listening. When the room began to spin, John knew he should stop and he did. He tipped low out of his seat and left Harry to her drinking and looked for the wedding party. There in the center of the room, at the far wall was a long table that sat his parents; his alpha, his alpha’s best man, and what he assumed were his alpha’s parents.
Sherlock didn’t pull away. He remained tense in his hold and John hardly breathed for fear that he might offset Sherlock even more and then the alpha would pull away. Seconds became minutes, and minutes became a half hour, and still Sherlock remained. The longer the time passed, the less tense Sherlock became, until he fully relaxed in John’s hold, exhaled a exhausted sigh and drifted off to sleep.
Sherlock raised his head up, dropped his hand to lie on the armrest and inhaled another breath. Still, there was no talking.
John raised his head to frown at Sherlock.
“There are some things we have yet to discuss.”
“Girlfriend? No, not really my area.” Sherlock mumbled and didn’t meet John’s eyes; he continued to stare out the window.
“You’ll suck my bollocks.”
. The first. She has every right I don't!" Sherlock snapped. All at once he felt the anger within build, eyes darkening with distrust.
“She’s dying, is she not? She needs a liver, but they won’t put her on the donor list because she has a history of alcoholism.”
Panting shakily Sherlock watched as the streaming cum decreased and his knot receded. When the last of his spunk sputtered out and the knot disappeared Sherlock’s body drooped back against the bed. His muscles relaxed and he lay there, breathing shakily for long moments, still pressing the towel to his nose, nuzzling it fondly.
“It’s…in the past then?” John really didn’t think he could handle an old fling coming into their lives and interfering in their marriage.
you asked of me.” Sherlock’s voice was raw, wrecked as he breathlessly spoke his words and John’s chest seized.
“Because you aren’t—you’re like every other alpha out there - hardly unique, or faithful.”
"I said-" Sherlock began, but John cut him off.
Sherlock shuddered and then his hips came to a halt, hot release filling John within and three strokes of their joined hands had John coming with a sharp inhale of breath. John’s free hand glided over the soft undertones of Sherlock’s muscular back, his lips pressing from the corner of Sherlock’s mouth to the side of his neck.
"Sher... Please?" John hummed shakily, releasing his bruised red bottom lip, his breathing fluctuating.
“John.” Sherlock pleaded. “I wished I’d shown an interest sooner than I had, I would have learned how they were treating you in school, and stopped it before it’d gotten so bad. I didn’t know, and now you can never love me because I’m an alpha.”
, was it lovely. This sweetness bled through, and the tenderness Sherlock put into the kiss took John’s breath away—it made him feel…
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock’s eyes glanced over to the patrons who were now staring in shock at them.
"I'm sorry." John repeated, raising his head and outstretching his arm, reaching out to palm one of Sherlock's wet cheeks.
Sherlock smiled with silent gratitude, being unable to bend over to do it himself without losing the grace of his strip tease. Stepping away once more, Sherlock's cheek's turned dark red as he moved his body. The music from the dinning room could still be heard from the bedroom. It matched the tempo of Sherlock's sensual dance. His hips rocking softly, rolling appealingly. His hands stroked the flesh from his neck, down his hard nipples, to his belly.
“Bloody specimens in my fridge. Imagine! Keeping bodies where there’s food. And the fighting! Drove me up the wall with all his carryings on!”
John had looked so... so relaxed, carefree, at peace with Victor.
A surprised moan ripped out of him when John bore down and ground brutishly against his hard cock, dampening and coating Sherlock’s trousers with his alpha's drizzling pre-cum . Sherlock whimpered apologetically and in desperation all at once. Sherlock forgot about teasing John, needing his alpha. The slick rushing out of his entrance soaked his pants and trousers. Every wiggle back and further into the center of the bed followed another weak and despairing whimper. His cock rubbed against his tightly fitted trousers and his slick slid further along his sensitive ass.
Sherlock declined, telling the D.I. he was on Sex Holiday and would be unavailable for any case for a week at the very least. He intended on spending the next week getting his fill of all the sex he'd declined himself, because he wanted it and needed it.
"Hmm?"
“I don’t know. He called. I’m not sure he’s in the country or if he’s traveling here, but he had my phone number.” John spoke shakily.
John soon finished unpacking and shoved the empty suitcases in the back of the closet on the furthest wall. Retrieving a pair of black sweats and gray short sleeve t-shirt, he went to the bathroom to shower and change. He was stunned to find that someone had already set out a fresh white towel and various hygienic products, several of each item.
.” John leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear, murmuring it affectionately the moment the cab they’d entered lurched forward.
"Yes, I was. I wouldn't name our children without you, so how could I name our pets without you?"
“What is it, Mycroft?” Lestrade all but commanded.
It had taken all of John's will not to start breaking things around the house when Janine stepped out of what had once been their den. The beta wore nothing but Sherlock's shirt when she'd exited their room. Once she'd revealed herself she'd then proceeded to sit on the armrest of Sherlock's chair, wrap her arms around his shoulders, and nuzzle his neck. Sherlock was at ease in her presence, wrapping an arm around her waist, and whispering sweet nothings in her ear. After she'd been sure her presence was known to a silently simmering John, she'd left to the restroom to shower. When Sherlock went to join her, John felt what little hope he had for them die.
"Sherlock!" John cried out with joyous surprise and laughed happily, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and burying his head against his neck.
When John made to turn left a hand grabbed his arm and spun him around and John now faced a flushed Sherlock. John’s leg gave a painful throb and he clenched tightly onto his cane.
"Mary..."
John felt guilty that it didn’t even phase him; pulling that trigger had felt right, because he’d ensured Sherlock’s safety.
Sherlock finally let out an uneven breath and bowed his head.
“If you didn’t want to bond, you could have just told me.”
Hair: Black
John's face hardened, eyes warning Sherlock that this was not going to end well if the omega was only going to rehash what they'd already addressed.
John felt an overwhelming weight press on his shoulders. They’d loss their chance—Moriarty was free and John felt lost.
Sherlock watched John as he entered their home, having arrived from work. One hour later than he had been three months before. Which meant he'd seen Victor.
"I know. I... We'll see where time takes us." John forced out, it was hard to say, because he wasn't sure where he and Sherlock stood with each other.
“I won’t hurt you. Why don’t you believe me?”
John tried not to let the temperature of the room bother him. In order to still his body from the chills and shivers, he quickly went to his room and grabbed a sweater to wear. He knew Sherlock's body was going through many changes and hot flashes were an extremely common occurrence.
“It was dark and scary…”
John's face crumpled in misery, snapping his eyes shut, he rasped with devastation, "I didn't know... I didn't know he was my mate, but I still... I loved him."
Ten months had passed and John had been relocated to six different countries, always when he’d begun to settle down in his new life. Each time, Mycroft found him a clinic to work in and John was grateful for the little bit of familiarity he received in a place unfamiliar to him. Ethiopia, Brazil, Hungary, Finland, Argentina and Greece; one after the other and he felt unbelievably lonely. The only good part to all of this was he never had to hear news about Sherlock’s marriage with his omega. These countries had other issues to deal with and Sherlock’s fame didn’t register in these areas.
"I..." Sherlock inhaled a large breath and exhaled the reason for his hesitation, "I'm not like you."
“I’m not frightened.” John snapped, and didn’t need Sherlock to throw him
"I'm rather eager to see the cake you've picked out, not to mention it'd be nice to have something sweet. I do have a rather sweet tooth." John confessed.
"Yes." Sherlock answered, his voice strangely rough. Maybe it was the weather that was affecting it.
“Why can’t you answer me? I’m asking about our pups, Sherlock. Our children… They’re okay, aren’t they?” John was tired, his body feeling weak, but John forced himself to sit upright, bit back the cry of pain from his abdomen and reached for Sherlock. His fingers barely brushing against a jutting cheekbone, but it worked. Sherlock’s eyes slowly rose to John’s desperate stare.
John stepped back, giving them a more socially appropriate space, his eyes stinging painfully as he realized Sherlock couldn’t distinguish him as the man he loved. All John was to Sherlock now was a familiar face, but Sherlock’s heart had forgotten him, forgotten the love he’d carried for him.
“Okay. You’ve got questions.” Sherlock remarked suddenly.
“And… um… we might have to um… have another wedding.”
She must be the Sara John had told him about. The one who hired him and the one he would share break time lunches with. Taking a deep inhale of breath, Sherlock could tell she was a beta. It stung knowing her status. Since he'd learned John's wife was a beta, he might have developed a prejudice against them, but could anyone blame him for it? He didn't believe they would.
"Mm, John." Sherlock hummed, head swarming with thoughts that this was wrong, unacceptable, that he should be resisting more. Sherlock couldn't bring himself to fight off this feeling. Not now. It was too late.
The cases were getting more complicated and there was someone pulling the strings in the background. Moriarty. Sherlock had known this since the cab driver. Someone was watching him... Threatening him.
Pulling away the distance in which John had shortened between them, John nodded his head with acceptance.
Oh God,
"Right... I understand."
It was true, besides his injured shoulder, the tremors of his hand, and bum leg, he was still highly fertile. For one moment in time John wished with his entire being that he’d been injured to the extent he’d become infertile. There was no use now, he’d returned from the war and married his intended just as his parents wanted.
Sherlock silver gaze flickered at the sound, something unknown flashing across those piercing eyes, but in the next moment it was gone. The face of an in love omega replaced it and the alpha within hummed happily when Sherlock leaned in close.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I’m not going to do anything to you, not… Not if you don’t want it.” The alpha spoke reassuringly.
“Do you have friends—people, you know, people you like, people you don’t like…? Girlfriends, boyfriends…”
John grimaced, Sherlock’s words slicing at his wounded heart.
"That blithering idiot,
“It’s going to be fine. This happens all the time. We’ll get to see out pups.”
“You should lead us where you think we should go. If you grow tired, I will guide us out.” Sherlock explained and took one step closer to John.
"Next time I'm going to fuck you with a dildo and the world will see just how much you're a cock slut." Sherlock spoke fondly and lowered himself a fraction more to nose the alpha's forehead. He could hear John's breathless gasps, feel the tension filling the alpha's body, his eyes widening with a look of impending climax.
“I requested… I begged you… Didn’t I? I said, I didn’t care about what happens to me.” John shifted further, crying out in pain as he moved closer to Sherlock and grabbed him by the collar of his shirt.
John wondered if Sherlock had felt John’s absence as strongly as he’d felt Sherlock’s.
Striking that sensitive nerve inside, John was thrilled by the sensations building up, helplessly arching against Sherlock’s chest, in and away at the same time , enjoying the crafty heated tongue carving a pattern along his skin.
“Hush John. It’s okay. I’m here.” Sherlock cooed sweetly, a hand moving to card through his hair, soothing and loving.
He decided to let it remain and took to eating his meal set before him. As he ate, his parents and in-laws began conversing. Even as John ate he took note of his alpha turning to his best man and began speaking in hushed tones as to not let the others hear them and John felt aggravation bloom within him.
“Thank you.” John repeated, with more care, more emotion, trying to put his confession within those two simple words, “
“Oh, she was a sweet girl, John. Such a dear and she’d have cared so lovingly for Mycroft. I just know she would have.”
Words like
He’d rushed home and bounded up the steps two at a time, crying out for Sherlock with no answer, fear and worry seizing his heart. They shouldn’t have argued, damn it. John hated arguing. He should have just ignored Sherlock’s snide remarks and stayed. Sherlock was just being a prissy git, and John knew it didn’t matter; there were more important things than a bloody blog. He shouldn’t have left.
“It exposes weakness.” Sherlock shakily admitted, and met John’s gaze, pale gray eyes open, vulnerable.
“What’s going on?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I love you.” John confessed, unashamed when his voice wavered with devotion.
"You found me. A star for you." Sherlock drawled miserably and glanced around him. Several agents on either side of him. There was no point in trying to run and even if he did, they'd just find him again. Mycroft was relentless when he wanted to be. Besides, Sherlock hadn't been trying to hide. He'd just wanted to get away from the alpha.
" John began, standing in front of the omega, arms crossed over his chest, breathing deep breaths, attempting to stem the curses that so wished to be dispelled. "What. Were. You. Doing?"
Mary frowned, anger in her eyes, "I'd have done the same if I were him."
Sherlock's head bowed, his hips pressing back and earnestly rubbed against the hardness beneath him. The alpha was always hard, never did he flag, ready to take him and breed him whenever the omega's need proved ravenous, and Sherlock was most certainly ravenous for John's alpha cock.
With such few words exchanged, Mycroft ended the call with a sense of sureness that all would be as he wanted. The government official stepped out of the hospital room. As he walked the hall, he imagined every ghastly thing Sherlock would want to do to him when he discovered what actions the older Holmes had taken. However, this was what needed to be done. He could handle Sherlock.
John bit his bottom lip. "I... You're not cruel necessarily, just reserved - repressed really. I understand you are not given to sentimental expressions, but Victor... He's kind and... Sherlock, trust me. I'm yours in every way,  but I need this friendship in my life right now."
John mutedly nodded and tried to ignore the agitated huff of breath that the alpha puffed out.
Towards the end of Mrs. Holmes’ call, she’d blubbered, thanking John profusely for agreeing to this match. She’d also adamantly apologized for Mycroft’s not too subtle forcing of an arrangement, but stressed how very important it was she have John bond with Sherlock. Sherlock was thirty six, recently presented, and unbound. The longer Sherlock went being unbound the more at risk he was of losing his sanity. It wasn’t natural for an omega to be alone. Omegas needed to bind themselves in order to thrive. Alone, unbound, they would slowly waste away and eventually die. Though Sherlock was thirty six, he hadn’t presented, so he’d been safe of this happening.  However, now that he had presented, Sherlock only had so much time left.
“What of?” Sherlock murmured caringly.
“Right. Okay. Fine. Good.”
John looked so peaceful, even in the fog of Sherlock’s heat and his evident arousal. He appeared joyful. Sherlock couldn’t stop the smile from spreading across his lips and he didn’t want to when he deduced why.
“Erase?” John felt a coldness strike through his core.
John spent several hours speaking with Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, but mostly just Mrs. Holmes. She did most of the talking. They asked questions, most were easy to answer, others were more personal and John had kept those brief and to the point. When Mrs. Holmes asked about his parents, John tensed and simply answered they’d passed when he was young. Mrs. Holmes wanted to know more, but Mr. Holmes, yet again picking up on John’s discomfort, asked John a question of his own (one about his schooling) and John gratefully answered him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Where is what?”
“People have died.” Sherlock answered seriously.
“Yes.” John forced, stare hardening, challengingly. “What’s wrong with that? If it wasn’t for Lestrade you would have most likely not said anything.”
Telling Harry and Clare went as expected. Harry burst with tears of joy. Clare congratulated them and volunteered to help them decorate the nursery. Harry then asked to be a part of planning the wedding for after the birth. John stressed that they wanted a small wedding, at the court house and a dinner after. Harry volunteered her home. It was a rather beautiful home and her backyard was warm and forrest-like, with hidden trails, a small pond, and beautiful exotic flowers. Harry and Clare enjoyed gardening and they'd made their yard into an oasis. Harry thought it perfectly romantic a set up for dinner and dancing. John had to agree. He trusted Harry, so he left the planning to her, and firmly reassured Sherlock that Harry wouldn't do anything like their first wedding. Sherlock was a bit uneasy, but he trusted John enough so to believe him and that was all John could ask for.
When John's cell rang now, he didn't need to look at the caller ID to know who it was.
John released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding and made his way over to the table. Seating himself in the chair beside Sherlock’s, John felt heat rise to his face. He was thankful Sherlock wasn’t going to hold the events of last night against him, still, it was embarrassing knowing that though they said nothing about it, it still happened.
“Don’t make me say it.”
"Mm, yes, John. So many pleasing things." Sherlock nuzzled the underside of John's chin, crooking an arm out so he could run his hand kindly up and down the length of John's arm that rested against the side of his belly.
"Sweet." Sherlock liked the sweetness of apple and brown sugar mixing with almonds. As a matter of fact, he wondered if they had any almonds.
John heaved his hips with more roughness than he intended, and when he rammed back in again, his cock struck Sherlock's prostate. Sherlock sobbed out, his tiny cock leaping beneath pink lace and slapping against fabric with each hard thrust that came after, striking his prostrate with unerring accuracy
“Well… firstly, you’re unbelievably perplexing. I can never seem to figure you out. You say one thing, but do the opposite. You have so many dimensions to you; different personas you project to others and all seem to contradict who you are when we’re alone.”
John wanted all of Sherlock’s sperm.
“Thank heavens you’re here. Nothing I do will seem to calm him!” Mrs. Hudson rambled.
John didn’t laugh when they did, but he smiled kindly at the stories they told and Mr. Watson had many funny jokes to give. John was thankful when his mother promised to stop by every few days with some more meals for him. John felt guilty for having Mrs. Hudson cook all his meals.
Mycroft could see the worry etched out in the lines of Sherlock’s brows, and he knew he could reassure him. Tell Sherlock John still loved him and hadn’t strayed, but then again he didn’t think it was his place to. Sherlock would need to reveal himself to John and let his omega reassure him of his fidelity. Mary Morstan was an alpha in love, but John was a man with eyes for only Sherlock.
“I want your pups.”
Sherlock noticeably brightened and nodded his head most adamantly.
“You loved that beta and keep the towel as a token of the love you share.”
John hurriedly wiped at his face, dried himself completely changed, and once he’d finished readying himself, he hurried out to the kitchen knowing Sherlock would be there.
John entered the bedroom and headed straight for the bathroom, drew himself a scalding hot bath, removed his clothes and sank into the seemingly boiling water. His skin protested, reddening, but John welcomed the burn; it was a distraction from all the overwhelming developments of the day.
“It’s okay, Mrs. Holmes.” John reassured her that he wasn’t offended. Sherlock amused him. John liked that his omega didn’t follow the social norms, it made him eccentrically appealing.
Cheering from the crowd broke through the silence and Sherlock finally detached his fangs from John’s scent gland. Before pulling completely away, Sherlock paused to lave at the bleeding wound, drinking up the blood until the wound clotted and then released John of his hold and took two steps back.
” Sherlock asked curiously, worry filling the roundness of his call.
“Why?” Sherlock gritted out through clenched teeth, barely containing his wrath.
“I’m not in shock.”
"I want my pound of flesh, John, and you
He might not believe the validity of John's professions of love, but the actions John took could not dispute those same proclamations. So John thought Sherlock gorgeous. He thought him perfect. And looking into John's sincere, love-filled eyes, Sherlock could find no falsehood.
“So, okay, what have we got? We know there are footprints, because Henry found them; so did the tour guide bloke. We all heard something.” John tried to clarify everything in the hopes it would clear the worry from Sherlock’s mind and have him refocus on the case.
"If I hadn't walked in when I did... you never would have told me the truth, would you, John?"
John growled angrily, fisting his hands around the sheets and rolled over on his back and stared up at the ceiling, unable to sleep. How could he sleep, this was a new place, a new bed, new scents overwhelming him, and he feared for the moment his alpha would return and take up the space next to him on the bed.
. John didn’t have the courage to do more than what had already transpired.
"Yes."
Sherlock stared at John remorsefully. “Is that what you’ve thought this whole time?”
“You said you wanted to make this marriage work.”
Sherlock absentmindedly bit his bottom lip, worrying the tender flesh, fingers drumming erratically against his thighs as he further considered this disconcerting idea.
Gawking, John could see the sincerity in Sherlock’s eyes. Still… there was the matter of that towel… John was one of who knew how many for Sherlock.
Regardless, at that time Victor seemed more than comfortable with their location. He'd given off the impression that he enjoyed the food and John's company. They spoke about a great number of things: their schooling, John's work as a army medic, Victor's travels to the Middle East in relation to the places John had been, and so much more.
"Then make me gush that cock of yours with my slick as you fuck me good and deep."
“Allowing the doctor to make house calls?”
John sat up in bed, suddenly bursting with rage, if the alpha wanted to inflict pain on him, let him. He’d spent years being bullied by betas, why not let the alpha do the same. It would just give him more of a reason to hate the man.
“Don’t tell me you never noticed. I’ve always been rather fond of you. I’m single and I don’t have to hold back anymore.”
“What are we doing here? Sherlock, no,
“A gentleman indeed.” Sherlock husked, his smile never wavering as he leaned in and pressed their foreheads together. “Then let us feast upon this bounty set before us.”
“You’ve thought a lot about this haven’t you?”
“You’ll share my room still?” Sherlock’s eyes were soft, full of innocence and hope.
“I won’t let mum put me in an alpha/omega matchmaking service.”
Sherlock unburied his face from out of his hand and turned to kneel over the toilet, hands pressed against the seat, keeping himself balanced. A sudden lurch of his stomach warning him of what was to come. Raising his sights up, Sherlock glared at the smugly grinning alpha, knowing John intended to comfort him. Sherlock didn't care about the logistics. He'd spent the last half an hour chucking his guts out and it was hell.
Sherlock wanted honesty? Fine, John would be honest in the way Sherlock would not.
First thing was first, he would wash his feet and hands, redress himself, then he'd search the internet and catch up with the world that had been revolving while he'd been in hospital. After, he'd find himself a case, a simple hack to the NSY database would do it.
The sheets of the bed had been pulled off and only the mattress was visible. Sherlock sat on it wearing a black suit and off white fitted button up shirt. His once tussled hair was less of a mess, yet still seemed like it could use another comb through. John noticed rather quickly how pale Sherlock was and swallowed thickly, a bout of nerves taking hold of him, but he was determined to see this through.
“More, suck harder.”
The case solved and done with, John set out in starting their actual vacation. John took Sherlock sightseeing, and now they could truly appreciate the scenery. They took long walks near the Moor. They walked side by side in the enchanting forest. They strolled downtown and window shopped. John took the time to speak with a nice couple who owned an antique shop, and the wife happily told them the history of the town, being sure to point out some of the merchandise within the shop and how it related to the town’s history. They ate different specialties of several well-known and frequented restaurants.
carry
“I’ve been riding since I was ten. I know what I’m doing John. Don’t be frightened.” Sherlock reassured.
Sherlock could feel John's eyes on him, but he ignored it. He also ignored that he reached out his hand and took hold of John's own when the voice started up again, but their words began fading as he pressed his side near John's own as they continued to walk.
husband.
“Eighteen months since our last appointment.”
“What?”
Only, Sherlock didn’t want him.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’msorryI’msorryI’msorryI’msorry.” John reiterated through hiccupping sobs, his words meshing together as he cried harder. The image of dead soldiers flashing in his mind’s eye and he felt great regret; he’d tried and failed to save so many of those poor souls.
He didn't die. No, he was saved. Like so many years before, his angel came. Grabbing onto him tightly and dragging him away from the flames and into the cool night, and as his eyesight cleared from the smothering smoke, he stared up into soft blue and this time... This time John whimpered with pain and need - a need so great his heart felt the pain of sorrow that nearly destroyed him then and there.
"Sherlock, please, don't..."
“How about your relationship with your alpha, Sherlock, is it?”
“That’s good to know.” John nodded considerately.
“Genuine? I was… am… How—?”
, he couldn't hold back the alpha within. Sherlock was his gentle omega that wanted his independence. He didn't want a possessive alpha brute, and John wasn't, but he feared his instincts pushing Sherlock away. Knowing all this, John couldn't stop himself and let out a primal snarl as he pressed forward and with one harsh thrust, shoved himself roughly within.
“What kind of alpha deserts their omega when they’re in heat!” Harry raged, not expecting an answer, but John’s pained whimper surprised her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Maybe, but I'm a fool who loves you." Sherlock grinned, stubborn as ever where his love for John was concerned.
"I really-"
“I think you like it.”
John whimpered pitifully, his eyes clamped shut tight, his fist working fiercely, jerking the massive girth of his cock, pre-come generously spouting from the angry bulb.
“I am.”
"How are you...? Mycroft said you were..." Lestrade was flummoxed, attempting to get his thoughts out.
Curled up together within the kitchen, Sherlock realized just how sick he was becoming. He'd need more than just a few scentings a day to fully heal.
“Sometimes.” Ella confirmed.
“No, thank you.”
"Does it burn love?"
"It's not that I want to do it, but that I
"After I change my clothes, I'll switch out your sheets. It's only fair since I soiled them." Sherlock said, grabbing a hold of his pants under the comforter, and almost missed the choked whimper John gave at Sherlock's use of the word soiled.
John looked away, finding the longer he stared at Sherlock the more his eyes stung. Sherlock shifted over him, gentle hands working at the knotted rope tying his wrists to the headboard. John brought his hands close, resting on his chest and staring away at the wall. Sherlock brought him close into his arms, rolled them over on their side, still knotted securely within him and began stroking his back, burying his head in his hair and inhaling his scent almost amorously. John’s lashes felt damp, but he managed to withhold his tears.
“Pretty skin, so pale, so smooth, want you. God, Sherlock, want to mark you, soil you.”
Mycroft frowned. Yes, he'd thought that was it. Still, one year of this was... It was all so tiring. The D.I. came, two to three times in a month. Mycroft told his agents to relay the same message, "Mr. Holmes will be busy for the foreseeable future."
“How can I be calm, when you tell me our pups are gone? How can I live knowing I couldn’t protect them? How can I live when they are gone? I can’t.
“I won’t do anything of that nature… Not right now. I just… You weren’t having a good time and I didn’t want you to lose your temper and cause a scene. Now we don’t have to go back to the party.” Sherlock explained gently, wandering over to a door that when he opened revealed a walk-in closet full of designer clothing and three of his suitcases.
Sherlock's belly was tightly stretched to house their litter. Pale flesh so round, each soft sway of his hips caused his belly to swing side to side, taunting John. Sherlock's chest was still taut, his nipples pale and peaked with excitement. John wanted to suck them. He wanted to kiss Sherlock's belly and run his tongue over the pale red stretch marks winding their way at his underbelly.
“I’m so, so, so sorry.”
Running his hand over the thin cotton of his shirt, he felt the newly welted scar of his stomach where they’d operated, John’s breath hitched at the remembrance of how he’d once been full, now he was empty.
John almost felt relieved by this, but then Sherlock had to add amusedly, “You want me inside of you, don’t you? You want me to be the alpha to your omega. You want to be claimed and strengthen our bond, don’t you John? Say yes, John, tell me just how much you want it?”
That was the last thing John remembered before everything went black.
John felt a headache grow while he strived to follow the eccentric man’s thought process, giving up completely John tossed the journal he’d currently been reading back onto the table and stood. Needing some fresh air, John left to wander another part of the massive yard out back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mycroft’s smile was smug, much like a cat that’d caught its canary. Handing over the folder he’d been given earlier, Mycroft waited for John to take it.
Staring in shock at the smugly grinning Gregory, Mycroft flushed brightly.
“You said you would try. You are
“I’m going to try.” John spoke; bowing his head he raised a hand to run through his hair and inhaled sharply.
“It means that I want something with you.” Sherlock confessed and John never would have expected that.
“Well then… Goodnight.” Sherlock breathed before exiting the room and leaving John to his thoughts.
John turned to look at the door and in that moment someone knocked three times. Turning back to Sherlock in wonder, he was met by the alpha’s kind smile. Staring at him for several long moments, unsure what he was playing at, John finally made his way down the hall and answered the door.
“Blood.” Sherlock addressed Mycroft one last time before leaving the room, finally able to be where he’d wanted to be for so long - with his John.
John had stupidly hoped this was just Sherlock’s strange way of expressing he might secretly feel more for John. Sherlock found it difficult to express his feelings and John thought… He thought if Sherlock couldn’t say those three words, these were the actions that solidified his true feelings, but then Mycroft came and told him how Sherlock truly viewed him. John was simply Sherlock’s sex buddy, a warm body he could spend his release in until his omega was ready to marry and bond.
Sherlock bit his tongue; his cock was growing harder now, nearly functional. The compliments weren’t stopping, they only accumulated. After everything Sherlock had said, John could only say kind things about him.
"Stop it."
John bitterly thought, slamming the flat door shut as he entered their home.
John stayed in his room for several more hours after his heat, unable to move, weakened for lack of nourishment and debilitating shame. Sherlock, even after rejecting him, cared enough to bring him food—food which he’d refused, but still… Sherlock cared for his health and though it hurt, knowing the care was in the form of pity, John couldn’t stop himself from feeling warmth in his heart for it. Yet, still… It hurt… It hurt to have gained Sherlock’s care out of pity and still hold no place in his heart.
John shook his head, clamping his wet eyes shut, and removed his hand from his chest to angrily wipe away the tears.
God, John loved Sherlock’s deducing abilities, but right now he didn’t much want to listen to Sherlock tell him what he knew already and unabashedly curled himself against Sherlock’s prone form. Wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, John palmed the back of Sherlock’s head with one hand, curling his fingers in the feather-like curls of his alpha and gripping it tight, while pressing his lower half against Sherlock’s sheeted body.
Sherlock was bewildered and pained by his words, but as John began to stutter out his last of admissions his features hardened with anger.
“No debt to owe, John.” Sherlock comforted, arms wrapping around John and bringing him in a tight embrace.
“May I come in?”
John noticed rather quickly that he was the only one who demonstrated physical contact. Sherlock enacted a few, but far less so than John. John knew Sherlock cared about him. Did Sherlock love him though…? John didn’t think Sherlock did.
“Everything they said about me. I invented Moriarty.”
“Hello.” Sherlock smiled when John spun around, catching sight of him, sensing his presence.
“End it John, before it gets messy. He’s to be married in October, the planning has already begun. Who knows, maybe after the honeymoon is over, Sherlock might take you back as his second, but for the time being I think it would be best you separated.”
Spreading Sherlock open with great care, John took measured movements and guided his throbbing arousal in and out. Slow and hard. Consistent, powerful, forceful, but still tenderly. Torturous. It was all so much. John's bollocks tingled with the want, drawing up, his monstrous cock throbbing within, and he knew Sherlock felt it. He had to by the way he squirmed under him. White teeth revealing themselves as they bit down onto a petal-soft lip, and that whimper, that beautiful soft chirp of need from his omega made him tremble with the effort of not losing himself then and there.
John’s jaw dropped, mouth agape, utterly stunned.
“Too late.”
“I… was a Captain in the army, but I was sent home invalid after being shot in Afghanistan. I’m sure you’ve already deduced everything I’m saying now, but still… I registered myself as an alpha submissive because I’m ready to bind myself and start a family. I hope, however, undesired this union feels, you will accept my affections.”
"How could you not? You would have felt it upon your first meeting."
John lived a sad life, spending his time at the clinics, learning the language of each country while learning his way around the city. There were foreigners that showed an interest in him, but John turned down every advance that was sent his way and never gave anyone a second glance. Sherlock haunted his thoughts. A constant reminder of his insufficiency in their union tore at his heart and he knew he’d done the right thing for both of them. They would have never been happy after Sherlock married the omega. John would forever hate himself for not being enough and Sherlock would feel guilt over the pain he’d inflicted on John by making him a second. Even if by some miracle Sherlock had called off the wedding, John would feel shame for depriving Sherlock of what he deserved, children.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Dear child, I’m so very sorry if you’ve misunderstood my intentions. I did choose you because you are an omega, but not necessarily for the reasons you might have thought. I love my boys dearly and want the best for them. Since they were children, I’ve spoiled them, giving them the best of everything. I thought of their future, schooling, careers, and family. I wanted them to have the best bond mate and I knew that would be an omega. An omega is fiercely loyal, monogamous, nurturing, and can give them a large family full of love.”
Sherlock gave a terse nod in concurrence and that was all John needed before he seized Sherlock’s lips with his own. Shoving his tongue deep inside Sherlock’s welcoming, warm, wet mouth, Sherlock released a needy groan and fisted the back of John’s jumper, kissing him as if his life depended on it. Sherlock’s tongue was there to greet John’s in an instant and they familiarized themselves with each other after so long an absence. Their lips slid up and under the other’s respective one, sensitive flesh running along sensitive flesh, breaths mingling with every soft sigh that spilled out of them, a melding of lips, of bodies that felt predestined and so… so marvelously matched.
Sherlock's hand moved on its own, and timidly touched his taunt stomach. John was right, they should talk about this, but Sherlock wasn't ready for that. Shaking his head, he dropped his hand, he couldn't think about that right now. Still, he couldn't have John thinking he'd raped him.
“With you?” John smiled genially.
John’s head snapped up, “Victor—what are you talking about?
Sherlock, being so bored, he’d broken through John’s secured safety box, retrieved his gun and fired at the yellow smiling face spray painted on their wall… well that was a surprise. John had been upset, but more so at how Sherlock sent insults his way, apparently not too pleased about his ‘Lady in Pink’ blog that went viral and that John insulted him. John hadn’t meant it as an insult, not really, but Sherlock wasn’t pleased. Still… it was the solar system for Christ’s sakes! That was important information one should know, damn what Sherlock thought!
John lifted his left hand to Sherlock and the omega shoved the wedding band on before releasing his hand of his grasp. Even with the momentary contact, John felt warmth grow within his chest. The smoothness of Sherlock’s delicately un-calloused hand and the exchanging of rings was such an intimate moment between them and it made John long for more. Wishing more than anything Sherlock would stop fighting.
John palmed his clammy forehead, groaning with the dizzying effects of heat, omega instincts, and his frustration for being placed in this situation. He was so confused. John didn’t know why he was doing this? He would have never come willingly to Sherlock in his current condition, but right now, all his omega wanted was to be near Sherlock. John was so tired of trying to understand himself.
"Today then? Right... Give me an hour at least to set up things." Mycroft said rising from his seat and retrieving his cell phone to make some calls.
“I’m not looking to argue with you. I’m merely here on a family matter that you, I’m afraid, are hindering in its progression.”
“No.” The young gentleman rubbed his index and middle finger against his throbbing right temple.
"Tell me it's not true." Sherlock rasped weakly, feeling John tense in his arms before releasing him and taking a step back to search his features for an answer to what he was thinking.
“It’s not wrong.” Sherlock protested, rolling over to lay behind the omega, and pressed a hand to John’s hip. “We’re married.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened even more than John thought was possible, the redness blossoming on his cheeks spreading to his ears and neck, a feeble noise that was just so… un-alpha-like burst forth.
Dr. Levy smiled, tapping something on the computer and nodded. Moving the monitor screen enough so that Sherlock and John could see it, she pointed to something on the screen.
“Do what?”
“It’s more fun this way.” Sherlock answered turning left and then right and John was losing him.
Sherlock nodded as best he could with his mouth full.
Sherlock straightened his posture, relaxed his features, and stared at John with a look he'd seen many lovers give one another. One of affection, playful and light, with a hint of something darker, a hint of hunger. All sentiments, but for hunger was false. Sherlock did hunger for this, far more than anything else, he so needed to see the alpha's pride fall.
Sherlock felt a great many things right now. He was happy, touched, overwhelmed with love for his alpha, needing, but above all else, he was undeniably horny.
Sweat beaded across the expanse of his skin, gliding along the curves of his body, accumulating at the center of his chest, soaking his shirt. John wanted to throw off the bed sheets, take off his clothes, and touch himself. Fist his cock and finger his asshole, over and over again, drenching one hand in cum, his other in slick. John moaned at the thought and his hips squirmed with anticipation, another pulse of pleasure running through him at the sensation of a fraction of friction.
John turned to face Sherlock, already feeling beads of perspiration on his forehead and heat rising to his face. Opening his mouth to speak, John couldn’t find words as another jolt of his cock brought with it the first drops of precome. John felt himself sliding to the ground as he struggled in catching his breath, but that wonderfully sweet smell of his untainted omega was driving him mad with want.
"I'll stop by the bakery down the street."
Sherlock retrieved the phone from out of John’s pocket and began fiddling with it in front of him.
“Next time, ask before you throw something of mine away.” Sherlock growled and went back into the room.
“Watson! Are the rumors true that you are now infertile?”
Sherlock watched wrathfully as Moriarty turned his back on him and spoke on the phone, and exited the room, “So if you have what you say you have, I'll make you rich. If you don't, I'll make you into shoes.”
a voice hissed, irritated as Sherlock washed his hands in the bathroom sink.
"You're being ridiculous, John." Sherlock giggled.
Who the hell did this woman think she was, to flirt with his husband, to make Sherlock mourn for her, and then come to him for help?
John couldn't believe it. The amount of care Sherlock laid on him, he didn't... He had never dreamed Sherlock could be so forgiving, but he wouldn't fight it. God, no. John would strive to work on deserving Sherlock's care. Even if it were only this much the omega could offer, he could take a life of friendship and kind touches as this for the rest of his life, if it meant he would always have Sherlock.
. Harry stood near their father and was currently glaring daggers at Sherlock, the alpha didn’t seem to care nor notice though. John’s frown strengthened; because of him Harry didn’t like Sherlock. He’d felt slight guilt for that, but she was the only person he could ask for assistance at that time. He’d first thought of calling Sherlock, but the alpha had made it clear he didn’t want him, so he really hadn’t thought Sherlock would answer his call if he even tried to contact him.
Sherlock watched as dark blonde lashes fluttered and deep blue eyes blearily worked on focusing.
“That was the intention. I can no longer sire pups, so I am no longer considered a true alpha. No one will want to mate an alpha that isn’t virile. I’m impotent and just gave numerous interviews with well known and popular news stations, by tonight all of London will know, tomorrow the world. I’m sorry for this, but mother… Mycroft… you’ve left me with no other choice in my arsenal.” Sherlock hissed, knowing the next weeks would be complete hell; he’d have to remain indoors till the news died down.
“Dominatrix.” Sherlock repeated, contemplating this new information.
Sherlock tried to pull away enough to look at him, but John drew him flush against his body. He couldn’t pull away. John didn’t want to. He couldn’t stand for Sherlock to look at him when he felt like this. He was vulnerable, open, and he didn’t want to answer the questions that would soon follow; questions about a past he wanted to remain in the past.
“What?” John gasped, his trembling coming to a halt, unable to comprehend Sherlock's words.
look; he knew he was a horrible liar.
John’s breathing became harsh and short abrupt keening layered each strained exhale of breath. Then John’s stomach roiled nauseatingly and he shot out from his chair and dashed across the flat. He slammed open the bathroom door, before falling to his knees before the toilet and retched out all the contents of his stomach.
John palmed Sherlock’s cheek in one hand while his other lowered to clasp around Sherlock’s that rested on his lap.
“Mm.” John hummed, distracted by the sudden contact and stared at Sherlock’s hand holding his own, but never pulled away.
Sherlock committed murder for John. Correction. Sherlock had committed murder for John and Mary, so that they could be together, and that hurt. John couldn't wipe the image of that night from his mind, not because of Magnussen's brains spraying the concrete, but because of the look of defeat in Sherlock's eyes. He'd given up on them and now wished him the best with Mary.
“You… You like me?”
“Pretty blue eyes. Ugh, God, want you. See me now.
John, though no longer needing a job, decided to go job hunting. He didn’t want the Holmes’ money. He wanted to support himself and on his third week, he landed a job at an understaffed clinic.
John hurriedly rose from the chair and rushed to stand before the silent alpha.
Wasn’t that what truly mattered?
. I just, my alpha wanted—”
John stared as Mrs. Holmes hurriedly wiped tears from her eyes.
“Sherlock, what is it?”
Sherlock dipped his head into the crook of John's neck and inhaled his scent.
.” John was begging now, Sherlock was hurt, he understood this, but John couldn’t stomach his words now, they were too cold.
When he finally got rid of his garments, he took hold of the red cloth and pressed his nose against it. He moaned throatily, falling back onto the bed, and touching his bare chest with his other hand. God, his body felt warm in ways he couldn’t understand, as if something was alight within.
"Sherlock?"
When Irene Adler was found dead, John knew how horrible it sounded, but he was relieved. The Woman was gone, no longer able to interfere in their marriage. Only… Only… there was the matter of Sherlock…
“Okay, nothing can be done right this moment, so get some sleep. I’ll handle the rest in the morning.” Mycroft advised, tipped his head with a silent ‘goodnight’ and shut the door.
She spent her days volunteering at an animal shelter, working at a retirement home, and spending her evenings with her sisters out around town. On the weekends, when other students her age spent it lounging about the house or spending it with friends doing unprogressive activities, she went over to her next door neighbors’ home. They were an elderly couple in their eighties and she’d take them out to run their errands, prepare their meals, and clean up their place. She did these things out of the goodness of her heart. She was the type of person always willing to help others.
