Steve clung to Tony right back. He understood that the group could be intense.  That, and he could feel Tony's own discomfort. These people were so used to the horrors of the camps; it was hardly surprising that they were slowly becoming numb to it.
He scooted closer to Steve, pressing their bodies together, and put an arm around his shoulders.  He leaned in to nose his neck gently.
"Happy!  The kids!  They're trying to kill us!" managed Pepper, the struggle almost immediately resuming.
There were three boxes.  Tony hadn't ever gone through them.  It had been too hard, after his parents' death.  For all he knew, the boxes were filled with nothing but sand.
," before he could help himself.  Despite the sarcasm, he meant it. He'd rather be there with Steve and know what was happening than sitting at home, terrified for Steve's safety, waiting to see whether or not he'd return.
"What will the meeting actually be like?" he asked, genuinely curious, as he finally got himself and Tony into the shower. "I just don't know what to expect."
About five minutes into the drive their hands found each other's. Steve didn't know who reached out first but it didn't really matter either. What was important was how warm Tony's hand felt in his. How well their fingers slotted together. How Tony's thumb felt drawing circles on the back of his hand.
He was having trouble parsing out what had really happened and what hadn't.  Steve had said they couldn't feel each other anymore.  But was that outside of Baby's or was that in a field of tulips in France or was that just an hour ago when Fury had welcomed him on to the team?  Or had that never happened at all?
SHIELD arrived not twenty minutes later. Nick stood stoically in the lab as Pietro and Wanda were carried out. Every agent that walked in and out was a beta. They calmly explained to everyone that they would have to sign confidentiality wafers (after all, they had seen mutants).
Steve's eyes fluttered up at the brush of fingers against his cheek. There was an energy between them that hadn't been present since before Yemen. Steve felt strangely better than he had in a very long time.
Tony forced a smile, trying to look excited.  He didn't want to trouble Steve with the whole Wakanda thing.  Steve treated every little injustice in the world like it was a personal insult, and also... Tony didn't want Steve to see him like that.  Steve had been unfrozen after Tony's turnaround. Steve had never known Tony as a war profiteer and Tony didn't want Steve to know about that side of him, or at least, not know any more than he had to.
Wordlessly, Pepper offered him a throw that was draped over the back of the couch; Phil took it and added it to the pile.
.  A seam.  An "other."  That's how bonds felt to her, as a beta, a sort of mental stitch.  A clear line demarking one mind from another, yet so obviously connected, woven together.
Aria grabbed a box of pills and waved them in front of Steve's face. "Steve! Listen carefully. You have to take one of these an hour, okay? I've set alarms on your phone. This is very important. Steve, do you understand?"
"Seriously though, I don't think anything can be worse than Gideon. I can deal with it," Steve said, leaning against the wall as he took a sip of his drink. Aria immediately grabbed him and made him stand up straight, muttering something about him crinkling his suit.
"Everyone's probably a bit scared of you," Haley shrugged and sucked her coke through her straw. "You know, most Alphas in here... they're threatened by you. Mine isn't. She thinks you're cool."
"That's a lot of stuff. Peg's caretakers-- she's got a few nurses who visit her throughout the week-- said the weekend would be best for her, though, so we should probably wait a few days." Steve said, inspecting his apple crumble with a pinch in his brow. He tried a bit of the topping with some of the custard. It was weird. It seemed like quite a humble dessert and yet the hotel was desperate to try and dress it up.
"...whew," said Tony awkwardly, squeezed between Steve and Beth, trying not to feel claustrophobic.  Tony didn't mind tight spaces, but he minded sharing them with other people. "...hi, Beth." Tony hadn't been kidding about her being a redhead.  Her dark red hair tumbled down to her elbows and gave her the look of a pin-up model. Her face was more angular than Pepper's, sharper and crueler, and she lacked Pepper's freckles, but otherwise, the two looked remarkably similar.  In between them and Natasha, Tony clearly had a preference for bossy red-heads.
Wanda stared at him.  "...yes but... you learn when you make the wrong choice," she pointed out.  "Today, you learned you don't like Greek yogurt. Now, when someone offers you Greek yogurt, you can say,
tasting him.  His body went limp and if he hadn't been grabbing Steve's neck his knees would have buckled.  It was like nothing he'd ever experienced, this kiss.  It was rich and raw and perfect; their mouths were like puzzle pieces, made specially for each other; Tony had never kissed an omega but suddenly he was lost in his desire for Steve, mind unusually and blissfully blank; he was a creature of pure instinct and emotion, and his emotion was one of joy, fulfillment, love.  His tongue ran over Steve's lips, his jaw worked against Steve's for a brief, perfect moment.
Just because they were scent-mates (that much seemed obvious at this point) did not mean that they had to give in to base instincts.  They weren't animals; they were fucking human beings and they were perfectly capable of controlling themselves.
Tony's grip on Steve was firm; it occurred to him, dizzily, that in all the pictures, he was going to look extremely short next to Steve.  He made a mental note to see if he could buy some taller shoes or something.
Steve's phone pinged across the table and he dragged it over. "Oh. Aria's got the response from the show, if you want it."
Guys, I just looked over the massive Word Doc kept by me and my writing partner today.  Looks like we're roughly 3 chapters away from Part 4, which covers:
"Because Bernard's the one that attacks cars and keeps almost getting run over," said Tony.  "Now turn up the radio, shaddup, listen."
Steve twisted around just in time to kick the Winter Soldier's hand away, rolling across the snow and out of his grasp before he made to jump onto the next roof. But his ankle gave way as he jumped--
"Okay, take three.  I'm here with Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, the current face of omega civil rights, in his Malibu home, where Steve is currently in preheat.  Steve, what sort of myths about heats do you find are still prevalent here in the twenty-first century?"
"Yes, correct.  Very good. Now sign."  Pepper dropped the stack of binders into Tony's lap.  "And anything with a checkmark on the tab, pass it back to me so I can notarize it."
But Tony had better things to do than ogle the help.  He was dead-set on getting drunk before they landed.  After all, Pepper wanted him to sleep, and what better way to have a dreamless sleep than with a few shots of liquor?
Neither he nor Tony had been in the house for so long...it was weird to step inside. Steve saw his shield leaning against the arms of one of the sofas and swallowed. Would he ever have use for it again? Or would it just going to sit there, and collect dust?
Steve shivered at the wet drag of tongue involuntarily. He braced his hands against Bucky's chest, either in comfort or to push him away. He wasn't sure. His vision was losing focus. A heat and malnutrition really were a terrible combination. He groaned, more in pain than pleasure and tried to look up at Bucky, his hands fisting in the other's jacket. "Buck..." he tried to get out but that was all he could manage.
lied about being a virgin, Tony, or-- or not experiencing love.  Our bond was basically just a-- an arrangement, I guess.  He didn't want me, or if he did, he didn't understand how. I thought I wasn't bonded anymore. And that's why...that's why I can't do triads and shit. I won't be anyone's commodity ever again."
Funny, how they all said status wasn't important, but how things like that could still affect him so intensely.  It took an enormous amount of willpower not to crawl on top of Steve and bare his teeth at her while her gloved hands ran up Steve's legs.
When Steve smashed the man's head against the wheel again, it was unclear to Tony if the man was dead or not.  Steve's version of a "gentle" whack was probably like being punched by a gorilla.  Tony retched again.
Steve had his elbows on the breakfast bar and watched the scene unfold between his fingers. It was painfully awkward. Maybe he should just go upstairs; Donner didn't want him here anyway. He began actively considering it as Gleason stepped out of the living room. He'd been having a nap on one of the sofas, considering the late hour.
"...we should dose him," said Maria in a low voice to Phil.  "He's too vulnerable right now and his mood will affect Rogers's.  Better for them to just sit this heat out."
Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line. "Natasha did say that... that when they found me... he was going to..." He didn't finish that sentence, closing his eyes again as he swallowed down a lump in his throat. It hurt that he couldn't even remember it. Maybe Natasha had misread the situation; maybe he hadn't been going to... because Bucky wouldn't have...
"So you think French is the language of love?" said Steve, smiling.  He leaned into Tony's palm on instinct, letting his hands drop down into his lap comfortably.
They pushed into one of the back doors of the school, walking back down the tiled hallway toward the lobby.
you!" he cried.  It was the first time anyone had really commented on how shitty a collar felt for an Alpha and Boswell, being an Alpha himself, surely understood what it felt like when raised hackles were rubbed the wrong way.
Seeing Tony almost fight Justin goddamn Hammer because he wouldn't let go of his hand...that was a weird, surreal moment. He didn't think Tony cared. Sure, he seemed to like Steve physically but Stark was a famous guy who was surrounded by good looking people on a constant basis. Steve was his type, a
"There, but for the grace of God, go I," said Banksy philosophically.  "You know Boswell... he's old-fashioned, but he never limited me. He liked how I was.  If I'd ended up with a guy like Gideon, though..." He shuddered a little. "Can you even imagine?  Urgh."
Tony sat bolt upright, the other cucumber slice dropping from his eye.  "Wait, what? You found them?"
Christmas-y, the blue speckled with white flecks of snow and a moon in the centre with what appeared to be the silhouette of Santa's sleigh across it. Aria insisted he be festive but 'keep it classy.'
Beth sighed.  "...let's go back to the hotel and try to track Steve's location, and I'll make sure we send someone to go pick him up," she said.  Tony may have been bonded, but he was the same overly-energetic, selfish jerk she remembered from the nineties. She felt oddly fond of him in that moment.  Tony's was an immature kind of love, but it was love, nonetheless. In his own stunted way, Tony cared about Steve.
Sam turned back to the phone.  "Look, the Iron Man armor is some of the only tech that's powerful enough to actually control him if he goes rogue.  I think he should be kept here." A pause. "If the Winter Soldier can see through his eyes do you really want him in a SHIELD base?"  Another pause. "You
It was a Wednesday night, not even a weekend, but sure enough, on their way out, with Tony's hand freshly bandaged, they saw an omega helping a limping Alpha in; he was holding a pack of ice over one eye and had an expression of dazed satisfaction.  The omega's eyes widened when she saw Steve and Tony.
"I...I don't know." He admitted. "My perception of okay is kinda skewed, you know? And so is his. He's been through a lot."
"...maybe after breakfast we could just run down the block... get a bottle of scotch or something?" he ventured hesitantly, aware that asking at this time in the morning probably made it look like he had a problem.
"Steve, Dr. Gleason called and left a message, he'd like you to call him back, and Natasha wants to see you before Christmas," Pepper informed him, tapping away on her BlackBerry.  "Tony, you were actually likeable for once, good job, guys, so far we're getting a lot of positive reviews..."
The three of them looked over; Tony was descending the stairs in his silk dressing gown, hair a mess.
Bucky had marked him in this century.  But he'd also marked him in the last one, and in the last one, Steve had been nothing special.  Steve hadn't had the Captain America persona, the one Tony had so recently defiled.
Their cute moment was broken when the waiter reappeared to take their plates away. "Can I get you dessert, sirs?"
"Turn around," commanded Tony.  "You're a piping hot mess, Rogers- you looked like someone fucked you stupid an hour ago.  ...someone brilliant and handsome and irresistibly charming..."  He grabbed the shampoo and began massaging Steve's head slowly.  He'd never done any of this intimate stuff but it came as naturally as breathing.  And it felt great, watching Steve roll his head appreciatively, watching the water stream down his body.
It was a bright, beautiful day; Tony pulled out of the dive and shot himself straight into the cloudless blue eyes.  It was the same blue as Steve's eyes.  Tony's heart hammered.
"No.  No! Steve, tell him no, we can't--" protested Tony.  He didn't have a suit; he was unarmed; he was basically useless.  That's why Fury was calling Steve, not him. Steve was a living weapon.  Steve could swoop in and kick ass if necessary. But Tony wouldn't be able to protect him, wouldn't be of any use, and if Steve got hurt...
wondered Tony.  So much for controlling himself.  Okay.  Okay, okay.  He'd tasted Steve. Now he was done.  He took a deep, calming breath, trying to quell his excitement, trying to gather himself up.
The soldier wasn't sure who was escorting who.  He was walking in front of Karpov, but Karpov's hand was touching the small of his back lightly, guiding him.
He strode over and held out his right hand to help them to their feet; the two were a tangle of limbs.
The baby was like magic. The mood shifted immediately, from one of impatience and pain to something like relief. But it was more than just that. "Tony. Tony, let me--" With some persuasion, Tony let Steve stand up so he could walk over to the bedside properly and see Granite close up.
"...I'll put you down as a tentative yes for the Motor Show," said Pepper with a sigh, who knew that, even though she was advising against it, Tony was going to want to go.  "And please, for the love of all that's holy,
?  What do you mean, you--"  Tony couldn't say the word so he just gave an elaborate gesture toward Steve.
Pepper turned to Donner.  "Make sure you're only drinking the chamomile tea.  The Darjeeling and Oolong has caffeine in it. Bad for the baby."  She turned on her heel and walked out.
Steve couldn't get back to bed after being kicked awake; he got up and went down to the gym to smack around some bags before getting in the shower.  He jogged downstairs to make Tony his favorite breakfast, hoping to tempt him to get up, but Tony seemed resolutely determined to sleep in.  Steve decided to let him.
"It's okay," said Tony quietly, stroking Steve's hair.  "Steve.  We have limits, everyone, even you.  I enjoyed killing them, when I left the cave.  That Schmidt guy, he was evil.  You needed to do that, to stop him.  Don't beat yourself up, okay?  You
Hal pulled a face.  "It's a bit wasteful, don't you think?  Spending that much money on a silly game?"
, ignoring Sam and Tony's fight and Pepper's entrance. He'd bitten down hard on his index finger and then started drawing on the pale flooring beneath him. Even with blood, Steve was a good drawer. His eyes were glazed over and he looked focused, muttering quiet nothings to himself as a face was soon drawn in red by his hand.
Tony was still wheezing out the end of his laughter. Steve had to bite back a frown as he moved to sit down next to him again. Belatedly, he realised he'd just followed an order. Or was it an invitation? Steve wasn't sure. He didn't know what to say to make everything alright. Maybe it wasn't that simple. Maybe it just couldn't be that simple.
Natasha always said he was oversensitive. Warned him he needed to get a grip on controlling his feelings.
Tony gave a small nod.  "Yeah. I get it. Steve's our top priority."  He pushed his head into his helmet, then added, "Of course he's my top priority... he's my omega."
"No.  No, it's not the same.  And anyways I'd never ask that of you, Steve.  I would feel too bad. Just forget it, okay? ...and... thanks.  You know, for... not thinking I'm a terrible person."
“I’m not trying to tell you anything.  I’m trying to express my concern,” Steve said quietly.  Concern for
was the cherry on the cake. No- actually, you know what was? Afterwards.  It was Tony being fucking grateful that you'd made me lose it! I mean-"
He felt... close.  He couldn't quite describe this feeling, post-heat.  He felt an intense affection for Steve. Love, intimacy... going through it together, he felt like their bond was... well... stronger or something.  This, he realized, was the point. Heats were all about knocking up omegas, biologically. But emotionally, afterwards... he felt closer to Steve than ever.
They went south to to the Oxford Circus subway station, as Wisdom had instructed them, Steve hauling the box and Tony minding the gap.  He took Steve's phone and checked the address Fury had sent them. "...we'll get off at Shadwell station," said Tony. The two of them were standing, swaying with the car; it was crowded even though it was late.  Steve was taking up quite a lot of room in between his body and the hamper he was still holding. "The warehouse is right around there."
T'Challa let out an irritated huff, the closest thing to a word he had uttered the entire meal.  Tony's gaze flickered over to him. So he
A stage hand offered Tony a mug; he took it.  "Thanks, doll," he said to her, still looking sharply at Steve.  "Also, get me some shrimp.
Steve downed plenty of water himself, sighing in relief as the cool liquid slipped down his throat. It was a wonderful feeling. "Thank you," he told Pietro and he meant it.
He could walk a lot better with the newer wrap, he noted as he stepped down off the jet. The kids hadn't asked for selfies or anything, thank God; they could tell Steve obviously wasn't in the mood. But he still shook their hands and wished them luck and offered the medic a special thank-you for his leg.
Pierce glanced up.  "Just need to take a few calls, to my mechanic.  Someone messed up... well, you know what they say.  If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself."
"You also offered the children two million dollars so they could pay off their debts," Brennan added. "You think the Alphas from the conference won't eventually find out?"
He reached for his phone to text Natasha about the letter, letting her know he'd send pictures later.
Tony grinned at Steve, floating past on his back.  "Wanna come in with me?" he asked temptingly. He'd pulled off all his clothes, but apparently only after jumping in; the soggy pile was by the side of the pool.  "Water's nice..." He twisted around to tread water and watch Steve, still grinning. "Y'know, Iron Man doesn't have any actual iron? No rust. Pretty nice, huh? In theory I could design a suit that could be watertight, like a personal submarine... like one of those crazy old diving suits from your time... get in with me, Steve!"  He splashed some water in Steve's direction. "You said you didn't wanna do anything all day... c'mon, swimming is nothing, isn't it? ...can you grab me a bottle of gin since you're out right now, though? Hey, isn't refraction cool? ...you seem upset. Are you upset? I felt a sort of stomach pang here. Am I hungry or is that you? Hey!  Chalupas! Let's do chalupas tonight!"
then… you and I both know you never will be. Neither of us will, after the shit we’ve been through.  And that's okay Tony, it really is. It's not your fault. And I don't see you any differently- well, no, that's a lie. I do see you differently. I see you as a stronger person. And the fact that you made your own suit and killed them all… Jesus Christ Tony I don't know what can you make you more dominant and badass than that. I don't know anyone else that could have done that.  However dominant you feel you is not the limit of your awesomeness, okay? That's not what defines you. You're amazing and I love you and I'm going to keep telling you that until you start believing me."
Intimacy was something Tony abhorred, generally.  But with Steve things were... different.  Tony began working his length, slowly, sensuously; Steve was already melting into him.
Tony was still trying not to choke on his drink, still trying to grasp this new information.  The file had probably mentioned they were an arranged bond and he was kicking himself now for not reading it.
"Well, so did I," interrupted Clint.  "My dad hated me for being an omega. He was a drunk.  He used to beat me and my brother, both of us, 'cause we were both omegas.  But I don't regret existing. ...pretty sure you'd at least be better than that, right?"
"G-good boy," Tony managed, shoving Steve against the bed.  His body spasmed and if he wasn't half-leaning onto Steve his knees probably would have given out; his hands were gripping Steve's hips, holding him, his cock stuffed into him, and he twitched as he felt the sweet release... the thought kept spinning through his head that he was cumming into Captain America, that Captain America was taking his seed, was
"Y'know, the clanger!  The part inside the bell!  I bought the clanger!" said Tony with a pleased grin.  "...that's what it's called, right? The clanger?"
Steve nodded dumbly. They shared quick and polite goodbyes and if Steve didn't shake Boswell's hand then nobody pointed it out. They all knew what was happening; everyone was just too polite to say it. The quicker Steve got out of there, the better.
Steve obediently led Tony across the base, pulling his SHIELD ID from his wallet as they approached the lab.  Recognizable or not, getting into the lab required several security checkpoints, and Steve had to reassure more than one sergeant that Tony was being escorted by him personally and would not be let out of his sight.
Tony scrambled to his feet, ignoring Steve's hand, heart throbbing his his chest, staring murderously at Justin; Justin was staring murderously back, still lying where Steve had thrown him, but they were separated now.
But even if he never made another demand or request, the fact remained that Steve acted just as Frond's book predicted.  He served Tony without thinking, bringing him things, making sure he ate... he'd gotten Tony take-out, hadn't he? He'd come home from running when Tony was awake, and here he was, toweling Tony off with a look of intense concentration, offering to
Or rather, tried to stand.  The moment he put weight on his bad ankle, he nearly fell, barely managing to catch himself.  He gave a sharp, hissing intake of breath.  "Okay... right... that.. Steve, can you..."  Tony gave him an embarrassed look, reaching for him. He consoled himself mentally, knowing that this was between them.  Besides, it's not like omegas weren't designed to help their Alphas.  Being carried around was sort of like helping, right?  Tony was almost positive he'd seen Jarvis drag Howard around drunk once or twice.
had been a close family friend, back when he'd actually had a family.  All she would be able to tell Steve is a bunch of humiliating childhood stories and Tony hated the idea of it.
for omegas?  SHIELD isn't a partisan department, Cap.  You just made us a whole lot of enemies.  Maybe it's time to start talking about where your priorities lie."
He threw back his martini like it was water, set it down on the nearest surface (a marble base supporting a bust), and dusted off his hands lightly.  "Well.  Let's get you cleaned up," he said, placing a hand in the small of Steve's back.  "Please excuse me, gentlemen," he added, nodding pleasantly to Ellis and Rodriguez.
He picked up a piece of bacon begrudgingly and chewed on it slowly. "So today is for relaxing... huh?"
Steve half-smiled when Phil gave his grumpy reply. He knew what it was like and he couldn't imagine the pain of it, and having to be around other people too.  "There's more privacy upstairs if you want privacy..." Steve offered gently. "And, er-" he cleared his throat. "
"I-- yes, Alphas get aggressive during their mate's heats," said Pepper, sitting up groggily.  "You already knew that, Tony."
Tony swoop down (he felt the sharp, vibrating ping of a few bullets hitting his armor) and landed in the front of the hacienda just in time to hear an explosion from somewhere behind the house.
Except that this time, Donner wasn't Steve.  Donner was a nobody.  And it was up to them and to them alone to find him.
"--I just think that, you know, asking for all these special privileges, that's not equality at all, and it's frankly
Steve realised he'd gotten close, too close, but didn't feel he could pull away. He was breathing a little heavily and leaning on Bucky because it was still hard to stand.
Bucky squeezed his eyes shut, concentrating.  "I... I'm not authorized. It's classified," he said.  He felt conflicted. He really wanted to give Steve everything but he also know he wasn't allowed to divulge that sort of information.  Steve had a point; who would he tell? But there were no addendums to Bucky's orders not to reveal mission details or locations. He couldn't tell Steve even though he wanted to; doing so would be defying a direct order.
Actually that was how Tony handled most emotionally devastating things.  His kidnapping had been different because there had been no alcohol in the cave and also Yinsen had been hovering around, pushing him in all the right directions.
The heat was ebbing inside of him. Steve had stopped breathing in the pheromones a while back now. "Now I'm going to go find some clothes and kill everyone single HYDRA operative in this building that I possibly can," he whispered against his cheek, voice too calm. "This is all I wanted. That's why I called Sitwell, I just..." Steve laughed weakly and let his head fall into his hands. He shook his head, still laughing breathlessly. His shoulders shook.  "I just wanted to kill someone. That's all I wanted.  ...I'm just as bad as they are.  ...God, what was I thinking?"
Steve cried out as some unknown force plowed him into the snow, and his ankle screamed in protest. He trembled as he pushed himself up, fingers going numb in the snow. His goggles had been ripped off of his forehead and he couldn't see anything aside from the whiteness of the snow.
When they finally made it out of the hospital, Steve carried Banksy out. George drove them all back to Banksy's house. Once inside, Steve carried him up to the main bedroom so he could tuck him into bed. It would still smell of Boswell, at least. Steve's instincts had been right. Banksy clung to the sheets like a life line, eyes red rimmed and still tears. Donner sat down on the edge of the mattress.
Pietro watched without sympathy as the suit of armor dropped to its knees; he looked over at Wanda, whose face was furrowed in concentration.  "He's still in the suit."
"Maybe you two should go back upstair--" began Pepper, but at that moment, Sitwell walked in, tapping away at a tablet.
"Yes sir," Steve replied bemusedly and moved to pick Tony up. He walked them out of the sand, his shoes covered in it as they headed out onto the grassy plane that stretched between the beach and cliffs that held up Tony's home.
He watched Steve.  Steve looked and felt stressed beyond all measure.  Bucky felt bad for him and wanted to help but had no idea what Steve wanted.  Earlier, Steve had asked the year, and that made Bucky worried about him. It was '44, wasn't it?  ...or... or was it '45 already? Well, anyways, it was sometime around there and Steve oughtta know.
But that wasn't important now.  They were a pair; Tony had mated him.  If necessary, he'd fight for him.  And probably lose.  But he'd still fight.
Tony reached for the decanter of whiskey.  His heart had dropped.  His fault.  Those six names had been nobodies to him. Except that one wasn't a nobody, one of them was a person Tony had talked to, a real person, not just a name on a list, and he was dead because of Tony.  The guilt he'd felt about the Expo was suddenly personal, too loud and incredibly close and painfully real.  Steve's hand was still on his but Steve was, at least temporarily, not holding him back from getting another drink, and Tony needed it.  Badly.
"Brent got all choked up at the end there," agreed Jeff, shooting a teasing look over at his Alpha; Brent grinned helplessly and shrugged, bouncing the sleeping baby while Pepper fawned over it.
She waved a hand dismissively.  "Oh, no problem.  Cheating is an honored SHIELD tradition.  Nearly everyone tries out one of these subconscious simulations before the psyche test, just so that they know what to expect.  You might be the only one trustworthy enough to have gone in blind."
choice.  How much choice do any of them have, really?  Look at him and Stark, rutting on the floor like a pair of dogs.  Look at Coulson. I like Coulson, I do. But in heat he's... not himself.  They never are."
"I knew he had to come. I told him where I was," Steve replied calmly as Phil pulled the swab out. Then he pulled out a comb to run through his hair. That almost felt nice too. Clint almost smiled at him. "Where is Tony now?"
Tony bristled.  "We weren't making out, we were.... discussing.... matters.  C'mon, Steve, time waits for no man. Let's go..."  He grabbed Steve's hand and dragged him away.  They'd take the car.  Tony wanted to get on with the day.  For some reason, Kate unnerved him, and not just because she was a rather dominant Alpha.  What the hell kind of self-respecting Alpha would be a nurse, anyway?  Weird.
"I think you could have saved Raquelle thirty minutes if you were just going to wear a hat," said Jeanette, barely glancing up.  She was wearing a heavy headset and going through a last-minute check-list with one of the members of the sound crew.
"Her motivation is only revenge.  Simple revenge on the man who killed her parents.  The man who took your omega. But revenge, that can be a powerful motivator.  Myself, I'm a much more educated individual. I want to change the world. I don't seek revenge.  I seek only progress. That is why I'm in charge of you. My cause is pure, and noble. I don't act selfishly.  And when I give you orders, they are selfless orders. They benefit not us, but the whole world. You see?"
Tony was only half-joking.  The disaster at the Expo was starting to hit home.  His phone and e-mail were both exploding with calls from the DOD and the CIA and the FBI and Tony had spent almost as much time delegating the investigations to lawyers and aides as he had taking the calls themselves.  He had to admit, joining SHIELD was looking better and better by the minute; he desperately needed the protection that came with a government contract.  Pepper had already contacted him five times and in one of those she sounded ready to reach through the phone and strangle him.  She had never liked the Expo.  Now that it had blown up in their faces (literally), she was bouncing back and forth between "I told you sos" and "I'm serious, Tony, you might go to jail."  Tony was loathe to lean on Steve but, that being said, it looked really, really good for him to be bonded to Captain America at the moment.
"If you come for me, I'll give you more," growled Tony enticingly as he fucked Steve.  "You want more? You want to be all filled up?"
He reached his good hand through the slot in the door and Pietro passed him the cigarettes and the lighter.
"Gotta hand it to you... the whole strawberries and cream thing was inspired.  This is good. I forgot to eat yesterday," said Tony, licking whipped cream off his hands.  He was eating the waffles with his fingers, oblivious to Steve reading the letter. "Do you mind if I have some of your coffee?  I feel a lot better. Hey. Listen. Don't worry about the mating thing, okay? We've got the rest of our lives to figure that out.  ...hey, are you okay?" Steve was looking paler than usual. Steve didn't tan nearly as well as Tony did; being so fair, it was nothing sort of a miracle he didn't burn constantly, especially since they lived in Malibu.  "I told you it wasn't your fault, Steve. Really. I don't mind. We'll get through this." Tony offered him a strawberry.
Tony beamed at Steve.  Steve's hesitation disappeared the moment they were on the highway. Tony pulled out his phone to looked up a restaurant; he directed Steve, taking them on a slightly longer route because Steve was clearly enjoying himself.  The car hugged the curves in the road easily; Tony noted that Steve didn't take it over eighty, but he suspected it had more to do with Steve being the kind of guy that respected speed limits as opposed to any sort of real discomfort.
Steve let his head fall into his hands. Phil curled an arm around him. He smelt nice. Not in a sexual way but in a comforting one. It almost felt paternal, the way he had his arm around Steve.
"Look!" Steve turned the sketchbook around to show Tiberius a portrait of himself. "See?" His blue eyes were a little glazed over. "Friends draw each other."
December meant that their couples interview was coming up. Steve was honestly kind of nervous. Up to this point the details of their relationship had remained mostly private and he was pretty sure they were about to get exposed and dragged apart. He just hoped the interviewer would be on their side and not work against them, and the worst thing was that it was on live TV! It was a Christmas special thing, Aria had told him, but honestly Steve hadn't really been listening.
He cracked an eye open to see a torso.  A muscled stomach and the curve of a hipbone and a towel wrapped loosely around a tanned, taut waist.
He had to be ready for the idea of Steve sometimes going away, sometimes risking his life. That was what Steve did. That was what he
Tony looked up in alarm, remembering how he'd tossed the omega aside once he was in the suit.  "Did I... did I hurt him?" he asked, trying not to sound too concerned.  After all, Steve was merely an assistant.  Merely an omega.  Tony didn't even know him that well, but the idea of accidentally hurting him worried him.
The omega's eyes were blue and they were lovely.  He gazed into them longingly. He'd never felt this way about anyone, not even Karpov.
Tony laughed a little awkwardly and then patted Steve's leg before getting up to go shower, leaving Steve alone with the toy bunny and the memories it represented.
With that thought, he pushed himself into Steve.  Steve was wet, so wet he was practically dripping, his body desperate to be mated.  There was the usual resistance at the knot; Tony growled and pushed himself into Steve insistently, shuddering when he felt Steve's entrance give and swallow his length.  He closed his eyes, purring and growling nonsense sounds into Steve's neck, noises of affection, his hips rocking into Steve, Steve's wrists warm in his hands.
did you tell him he had a choice?  You're supposed to bring him here and you told him he could stay!"
Clearly, he thought the scuffle was stupid as well.  But Steve had the impression Jack wasn't used to actually voicing opinions like that.
"...let's say, ah... how about nine-thirty tomorrow?" said Rhodey.  "I'd like to have breakfast with him."
"If he doesn't come with you, then we just handed half a million over to Gene Bennett for no fuckin' reason!
"It's not about if you love me Tony," he said softly. "It's about if you love me more than you hate what he did." His neck was mostly healed now, the scar pink with newly healed skin. Two distinct shapes had emerged, overlapping, one much clearer than the other.  Once it was completely better, it wouldn't even be obvious there was two bites at a distance; it would only become clear to those who peered hard enough. But they
How dare Frond mention him. A man Steve had to drive across state mere days ago to have him put in a freezer because he was a danger to himself. She had no idea. None of these Alphas did. Steve hated it when they patronized him, acted like they were superior...did they know the sacrifice of war? No. Did they know what it was like to have to bury your own friends? No. Did they know what it was like to freeze to death then come back seventy years later? Steve had given him so much to the world. It was laughable that they wanted to take away everything that made him the man that was capable of fighting someone like Johann Schmidt.
just fall to his death," said the tech, and with that, she turned and clicked smartly out of the room, leaving them to stare at Tony's sleeping form beyond the glass.
" called Lila, grabbing a piece of toast off of Clint's plate and throwing it onto the ground.  She laughed when the dog hurried over to scarf it down.
The Commandos all looked so real. He could just hear Dugan's hearty laugh as he looked at him and remembered the way the man would him on the shoulder and
They pulled up to a thoroughly modern-looking house that was lit up with warm lights; Happy navigated slowly through a brass gate that was opened for him by a man in a suit.  There was a fountain outside and a mish-mash of fancy sports cars and SUVs with tinted windows that looked similar to the one they were in.
Steve had been about to answer him.  Fury was grabbing him and dragging him out, even as air was flooding his lungs again and he was gasping out ragged breaths of relief. "No-no-no! It's him! I'm not- it's
Steve finally put himself to bed, curled towards Tony under the sheets but not actually touching him. He didn't want to wake him up.
Banksy stepped forward to rescue the situation, having already been informed that Donner was a fan. "Doctor Gleason is the best, I assure you. He's very clever, knows exactly what he's doing." Steve realised that Banksy was good at this. He was perhaps used to talking to brainwashed omegas who struggled with their own autonomy. But he was also talking to Donner like he was a child, certainly not a fully grown man. And that made Steve sad, somehow.
you had a problem that needed getting rid of you would probably need surgery. Which SHIELD would provide, by the way."
He was searching for an excuse to leave when suddenly another man showed up, trailed by two excited-looking women in collars.
"We'll shower when we get back," Steve told Tony quietly. He would have reached out to rub his back but he wasn't sure if his touch would be quite welcome right now.
was a show Tony had watched with his father as a kid, and once his father and Stane had been on together, talking about "those damn hippies."  (It had been a great episode, in Tony's opinion.)
"HOW DO YOU PEE IN THE SUIT?" yelled someone suddenly.  The crowd burst into laughter.  Tony laughed with them and pointed to the crowd.
Rhodey's words made sense.  Logically.  But Tony's hackles remained up at the presence of a more dominant Alpha.  Rhodey kept his distance from Tony and Steve.
When the psychiatrist finally came by, Steve was in a fair bit of discomfort.  Tony was still completely unconscious.
The only thing preventing Tony from attacking her was that he was still on top of Steve, but his body was tense, ready for any sudden movements or aggressions.
"It's what you pay me for," she shrugged. "Now get in there before the rest of your noodles go cold." Aria smiled  lightly and punched his arm with no real force behind it.
Tony leaned his chair back onto the back two legs of his chair and sipping his drink with a shrug.  "I'm bonded to the most wholesome omega on the planet, Rhodey. I can't help it if some of his wacky ideas have bored into my skull."
Steve shifted his weight uncomfortably.  Wherever he wanted?  What did that even mean?  That certainly wasn't an invitation. Steve stepped into the bedroom and then hesitated again. He couldn't just get into bed and pretend everything was okay; he wouldn't be able to sleep. He swallowed nervously and then moved to kneel down on Tony's side of the bed, hoping he wouldn't reject him.
Melinda was an Alpha. Her dominating presence reminded Steve of Peggy, or Natasha, except he was pretty sure Melinda was an asshole. She was frowned at them and her nose did a weird twitch. No, Steve did not like her. "The law did," Steve told her flatly. Melinda snorted.
"Speaking as an Alpha," said Natasha, "I don't want to dismiss Tony being pretty sympathetic about this.  But I also want to point out that his touching your neck... that's also instinctual. He wants to re-establish dominance.  I'm sure he always wants to make you feel better and let you know he still loves you. But you should know, there's probably a part of him, subconsciously, that's feeling extremely territorial about all this."
It took Tony a second try to get Steve's attention; he had dived back underwater. Steve pushed himself out of the water, white boxers really not doing much to offer any decency now as he walked over to take the phone.
Steve's phone chimed from the couch.  Tony looked over, then back.  "...you can get it if you want.  I'm just hangin' out here," he said, as if being stuck inside of Steve was something that happened to the best of them.
"Thank you, Happy," Steve said, moving to lean in the doorway as he watched Tony mess around with cologne and hair gel. He couldn't help but smile a little. Even over the phone the man's joy was infectious. "You can just call me Steve.  Listen, Tony was just wondering if you could take us to the Expo, actually?"
And there, next to Steve, a clean-shaven man, no hat, with a sharp, intense, familiar look.  Bucky.  Undeniably Alpha and undeniably handsome.  Tony had debated showing Steve the picture at all, but it hadn't felt right to keep it from him.
"Uh-huh.  Figured I might as well attend one of these, uh, workshop deals," said Tony, squinting at the program.
"Don't drip on my rugs!" gasped Banksy as Tony squished into the house, soaking wet.  Like Tony's house, Banksy and Boswell's was thoroughly modern, with an open floor plan and lots of accouterments that were probably worth a fortune.  Currently, the lights were dimmed except for some colored, blinking lights, and everyone was dancing and drinking and happily making asses of themselves.
"I'm only a computer program and therefore a moral relativist, so I cannot determine if you are good without a basis for comparison," replied JARVIS.
He took an elevator to the main lobby, shouldering rudely past a couple blocking his path ("Hey!").  The door to the main lobby was automatic and Tony nearly crashed into it; he slipped out. It was cold outside but who cared.  The important thing was to get away from the hotel, because there were at least a half-dozen enraged people chasing them and while Tony wasn't actually worried about getting hurt, he was worried about what would happen if he let Steve throw a punch.  His pride would be wounded and Steve could really hurt someone and it would be bad for their image and probably end in a lengthy lawsuit. Yeah, better to just leave. Steve had gotten what he wanted; without staff, the conference was going to come to a grinding halt.
Stone stared at him stonily.  "Well. I've been heavily involved in omega rights.  Been in Status Alliance since ninety-one, raising awareness of the cruelty of conversion camps.  Gave testimony in the '94 case, trying to get them banned. Still legal in sixteen states, you know.  Helps that I have some first-hand experience. And now I'm on the board." He took a sip of coffee.
"For killing people.  I know you. You're Tony Stark.  They call you the Merchant of Death.  You kill people."
Tony felt Steve go rigid beneath him and felt his cock twitch in his hand; a moment later, Tony's hand and stomach were warm and wet and sticky.  He winced a little as Steve's body clenched his cock.
"Tons of pictures," confirmed Tony.  "Which is why I think we should waltz in, get onstage, confirm that, yes, we're bonded, this is all exactly what it looks like... otherwise they'll be creaming their pants trying to get candid shots.  That's the thing.  It's juicier for them if it looks like it was a secret and they caught us.  If you announce it, well, it's less exciting, you know?  ...were you listening to Taylor Swift down there?"
"This isn't the worst bite I've ever seen," said Dr. Gleason, tilting Steve's head back and forth gently.  "...normally it's younger Alphas that cause the most damage. I suppose he's got a lot of time to make up for, eh?"  He smiled a little and began pulling out gloves and wipes to clean off the back of Steve's neck.
Granite had apparently fallen asleep with her mouth still latched onto Donner.  He didn't seem to mind. "But I... I wanted to make sure that... that we could do Christmas together," he said, shyly.
Piper nodded and they stepped over to the side. Steve pulled out his phone. "My friend sent me some stuff about your sister," he said quietly. "He thinks he found her...apparently she's a preschool teacher, and living with a beta man now." Piper looked confused. "I don't know how it happened, but if she was sold then...maybe she got out."
"A half-hour?" repeated Tony, looking down at his watch.  "...aw, shit." The day had flown by. Tony wasn't even dressed properly.  While Steve showered, he swapped out his t-shirt for a clean black v-neck that perfectly framed the arc reactor and his sweatpants for a pair of jeans.
"So is that him then?" asked Joey, opening the car door and dragging out the limp form of one of the bed, his wrist shackled to the metal attache case.  "Great. I've got shears."
In hindsight, Tony shouldn't have come along. They'd already concluded that he didn't enjoy watching violence (unless he was in a suit and viewing it through the safety of a digital HUD screen), and now he'd just thrown up (although, that was Joey's fault, not Steve's). But Steve knew that there was no way he could have convinced his Alpha not to come along for the ride. He was only grateful Joey had been there.  Steve would not have admitted it aloud, but if Joey hadn't shown up, Steve would have probably reached the same conclusion, that the only way to retrieve the briefcase and the intel it contained quickly was to cut off his hand.  And Steve would not have wanted to do it.  But he would have, if he'd had to.
It turned out, not around her Alpha, Piper spoke plenty. Or maybe she just felt comfortable enough to around Tony and Steve.
He got his key from the front desk and went up to his suite; he was the first one there, and he spent nearly an hour pacing and tapping his fingers, waiting for Donner and the others.  Gene had already told him about Chantelle and Tom, Donner's "chaperones" and "friends."
Tony was rambling, his brain and mouth moving too quickly for Steve to keep up.  It was heavy, the suitcase, and now it was attached to him.  Steve swallowed.  Okay.  But why would Tony want his suit at the race?  That didn’t make sense.  Were they in some kind of danger Steve didn’t know about?
"You said I never put my tongue in your mouth," he pointed out.  He wasn't clear on what the blond wanted. How could the blond complain about him
He flipped through a notebook, bored, while the film skipped again.  Howard had walked off screen and two other, unknown people were trying to find a better angle for the model Howard had been standing behind, the same one that was now sitting on Tony's desk.
Sitwell frowned at Steve's refusal, but still looked like he was mulling over the idea of the simulator unlocking or opening up bonds.  Making minds more accessible.
"Stop talking about us like we're not here!" said Tony suddenly.  "It's not like being around a couple of omegas in pre-heat turns me into a fucking moron, you know, I can understand everything you're saying."
As soon as the kiss began it ended and Tony was gone, leaving Steve very much stunned and pink cheeked. He blinked, watching the Alpha still. He was just speechless, utterly speechless. He just watched Tony for a little while, to the point where an awkward silence had essentially settled between them. Steve swallowed thickly. Oh god.
The fact that his kidnappers seemingly routinely took part in mindless blabbing, paired with the persistent cigarette smoke that clung to the interior of the car had grated on Tony's frazzled nerves like nothing else, but he had kept his silence, trying to focus on the passage of time and the turns they took instead of everything else that was going on.
Steve didn't reply, just looked awkwardly to the side, watching the same brick wall Jim had just been glaring at.
"Please," she gasped, looking at him over her shoulder, "they've got my daughter. I'm so sorry, Mr. Stark, but they...they told me if I didn't get you over here alone they'd—"
"Alright, this one, Rosie," Tony says when they finally reach the room, barely managing to finish his sentence before Rose is already pushing through the door without a speck of common decency. Truly, her Daddy's daughter.
"Oh, baby," Tony says softly, unbuckling the girl again and pulling her to his chest, much like he did not that many minutes ago when he first came to pick Rosie up. "They'll be just fine. They'll be home soon," he reassures, although he isn't sure whether he's reassuring himself or his daughter anymore.
The crop struck him again, this time near his bad shoulder. "Stand up," Ezekiel repeated, voice low and testy, as Tony struggled to concentrate through the haze of pain.
Tony notices that Clint is entering a ramble, being the expert himself, so he decides to cut him off.
"In your dreams, Hammer," Tony told him coldly. Bates took a step forward, and Tony noticed that his hand had curled around the handle of his knife. Hammer narrowed his eyes at him.
he asked incredulously. The alien walked over to stand next to Spider-Man, her blue skin in strong contrast with his red mask.
He twisted his head weakly in the direction of Becker; the large man, having been further away and managing to shield his ears in time, would recover faster than either Tony or Marco. He was already pushing himself up, balanced on all fours while Tony was still lying on his side.
He had decided to focus on his surroundings instead of the inside of his head. It wouldn't do any good for him right now, dwelling on his insecurities.
Tony groans mentally, because Rick's right. Rosie had seen the staff preparing them the dining room and crowding in the kitchen, as well as heard Rick's clarification of it being all for a family dinner. Hell, Tony had been the one to tell her to put on a fancy headband, and the kid was probably still in her room, picking out the best dress to match the headpiece.
"Get me his phone," Boss said, choosing to ignore Tony entirely, "Take off his jacket, shoes, watch and belt."
As Tony watched, the larger man began pacing, his spine straight and his hands folded neatly behind his back. Tony couldn't help but feel the contrast to his own position, his back slouching from the angle of his arms, his hands bound to the chair uncomfortably.
As soon as the door closed Tony was demanding to be handed a copy of the deal to himself. Surprisingly enough, his Father gave him one without a backward glance. This is about how the deal went:
"Good morning, Mr. Stark," an unfamiliar voice replied instantly, startling him. He whipped his head around to watch as woman in a lab coat approached the table he was strapped to. "No need to be afraid. I'm just a doctor," she reassured him with a smile, doing the absolute opposite of reassuring him.
On Saturday, Tony comes in a little earlier than usual, since Rose can spend the day at home with Aunt Nat and Uncle Clint, even if they aren't Steve, who is 'working overtime' according to Tony. He pushes Bruce out of the room to get some sleep after sitting there for the whole night, and takes his place by Cap's side instead. He watches the steady rise and fall of Steve's chest. He allows himself take the alpha by the hand, then lets go as if burned.
and proceeds to jab him with a quick fist. The man staggers, but doesn't lose his balance. His hand goes to reach for his comm, presumably to alert the HQ, but Steve's shield meets his face before he can quite manage that. It knocks him right out.
"You seem awfully lax in my company, Stark," Bates said, leaning closer so he was looming over Tony. Tony gritted his teeth as Bates' fingers pressed harder into his jaw and brought his hands up to grasp at Bates. The other man easily caught them with his free hand. "I thought I advised you to check your attitude with me. And with Stane working you over...well, I'm impressed."
While Tony was occupied with ogling the house, Marco and Becker opened the back doors simultaneously.
"Stop, Rick," he says through gritted teeth when Rick's hand works Tony's trousers open, the other holding him pressed against the table by his arms that are still tangled up in his own shirt. Not that he would be going anywhere anyway. He knows that he can't possibly outrun Rick.
In the end, he was thrown into the back of the van all the same. He grunted at the impact, his teeth clacking together and slicing into his tongue, since his jaw muscles were still pretty much useless. His hands were partly squished between his back and the van floor, and he could already feel the burn of road rash on them.
He continues on his flight path, and JARVIS displays the outline of the underground bunker that is just beginning to show up on his HUD. It's an active HYDRA base, one of the two they are currently in the know of thanks to the task force that's been working on unearthing them. Ever since the whole fiasco of an undercover mission, the task force has been tirelessly inspecting leads and data gained from recons with great results. It consists mainly of Steve, Nat, Clint and Sam Wilson, along with some SHIELD specialists, so the job of eradicating the bases was naturally handed over to the Avengers Initiative.
"Thanks," he says somewhat coolly, turning his eyes to the book in his hands. Tony can't catch the name of it from the angle he's sitting in, and the confused frown on Steve's face isn't doing any favors either. "This..."
When he's finished reading, Steve's face crumbles. "Oh, Howard, how could you....?" Tony hears him ask softly, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. Tony's heart aches at the sight.
"You will choose now, Anthony," his Father told him, taking a hold of his other hand also, shaking Tony slightly. "Either, you will be sent to Portland where you'll enroll at the finest facility for omegas this country has, Portland Academy for Omega Upbringing and Behavior. There you will learn every tidbit of information for what there is to being the pretty little harlot for the upper class." His grip was now bruising, and spit was flying from his mouth as he spoke hatefully.
Tony's breath stuttered, and he tried to keep his face blank. Ezekiel, however, read his face like an open book, and sneered down at him. "Oh, that's so disgustingly pathetic, even for you, Stark."
"Good afternoon, Omega Dunn. And I insist, it's Tony." He flashes a brilliant smile that seems to make Omega Dunn slightly flustered, but the teacher is quick to move past it. Rose just makes a grab at the collar of her dad's shirt absently.
It's around 8 AM when first Bruce, and then a little later Thor, make their way up to the common floor. Apparently someone had informed them about the state Tony's marriage, at least if the grim looks on their faces when they look at the engineer are any indication. Tony takes that as his cue and kisses the top of Rosie's head before getting up from the sofa. They'd been watching cartoons together with Steve to pass time, but now Tony feels the urgent need to flee down to his workshop. Also, he has work waiting to be done anyway.
Bates ignored him. "Believe me or not, but I don't actually want to spend the rest of the night here making sure you won't try to make a run for it," he said, pointedly eyeing Tony's hands as if he had seen him grabbing the chain. Tony supposed he was just predictable in that regard. Bates casually threw the rope down and Tony glared up at him.
"No, I—" Tony begun, pushing himself off of the floor, but Ezekiel kicked him down again and hit him with the cane.
she squeals and Tony follows her into the room just in time to see Steve grabbing her by the armpits and swinging her up on his cot when she propels herself at the alpha.
Hammer walked across the lobby and lead them into a simple, traditional dining room. The only set of furniture in the room was by the window, where there was a table with a pristine table cloth, set for three. In the corner, near the table stood Bates, leaning leisurely against the wall. Tony met his eyes as he was steered over to the table.
After twenty minutes of settling her down, covered in snot and tears by the end of it, and while attempting to reign in his own instinct and emotion induced tears, he had managed to leave the kindergarten that morning, but only to white knuckle the ride back to the tower and then beat the living shit out of the mu ren zhuang at their gym.
"Low blow bringing up that old mother-hen," Tony grumbles, waving a hand to save and close the holograms he'd been working on. "You know I can't resist those soulful puppy-dog eyes."
Rogers promised to make breakfast around 7 AM, so Tony takes a quick nap and wakes Rose up at 6:30, helping her change from pajamas into a floral dress and a light cardigan, combing her hair and adorning it with a small bow pin to keep at least some of it away from her face (when she had been smaller, Tony had used to dress her up in all kinds of headdresses, but nowadays it's usually just easier to pin the long locks back), then helping her on the potty and washing her face and teeth.
Tony craned his neck the little he could, taking in his surroundings. They were somewhere by the edge of a train yard, lit mostly by the headlights of another getaway car. Other than him, there were six men — five of them, whom Tony already recognized — and one woman, standing loosely in a circle.
The other alpha's eyes narrow dangerously, eyes flickering from Rogers' face down to Tony's throat where his mating bite was on display.
Ezekiel waited for a moment, as if expecting Tony to disagree. "Good," he said finally, letting the baton drop from his chin. "See, this is what I've been talking about. Control."
He put the pin into his pocket, patting the fabric once it was concealed. Next, he went and did his business, flushing the toilet afterward and washing his hands and his face. He drank his fill from the faucet, having not realized how thirsty he had been until now. The water and the pin burning a hole in his pocket made him feel more alert, more in control. It was a good feeling.
"Alright then," she said, walking over to an instrument tray. She picked up a syringe and some disinfecting wipes. Tony begun pulling harder on the restraints, feeling his skin breaking and staining the padded cuffs with blood. If he could just slip one hand out of its restraint,
Ezekiel lifted an eyebrow as he studied Tony's face. "You don't seem to believe me. Well, then, humor me," he moved closer again, "tell me who loves you."
His pal didn't even stand chance after that. Before the one he had punched had even gone down, he had already grabbed the other one by his jacket sleeve, his free arm extended over his throat, and thrown him to the ground with a loud
Jim squeezed his eyes shut and willed himself to calm down. Him getting all worked up wasn't going to help Tony. They already got one super soldier ready to breakdown any minute now and a teenager slowly but steadily sliding towards hysterics. Natasha and Nebula seemed the only ones mostly unaffected by the situation, but Jim knew that wasn't actually the case. But they were somehow keeping it together.
Becker took a step forward, but Marco was there to stop him. "Seriously, man. I'm going to report you to the boss if you don't cool it. And he'll
for him. And wasn't that weird? Tony remembers seeing Rick cook precisely three times for him during their 23-year — this summer 24-year — marriage. Tell you one thing; Rick did
Tony let out an involuntary noise and looked away from the other man. "I think you've made your point already."
"What's happening?" Spider-Man asked, standing right behind Steve's shoulder. He had to be watching the interrogation — his voice was unbelieving, somewhat frightened like someone's who wasn't used to watching violence of this kind. Steve thought it fit with the youthful image he had of Spider-Man. He reminded Steve of his own younger self.
It's a soft kiss, a perfect first kiss, leaving them thirsting for more yet conveying the tender feelings they hold for each other. Tony doesn't let the moment stretch too long, just a quick press of mouth against mouth, but it seems to leave them breathless nevertheless.
"What alph-" he starts, but is cut off when a loud sound of something metallic hitting something organic reverberates in the hallway. The alpha above him slumps, landing sprawled on top of Tony, and the goon next to him receives a kick to the face when he turns to see their attackers.
Ezekiel peered down at him, head tilted as if in thought. "Good," stated he finally. "Now, stand up."
Steve glances briefly at Tony before replying to the kid, "I think this looks plenty hard as it is, but alright." He digs through the drawer again and pulls out an unopened one, this time shaped a little differently. "Does this look good, Rose?"
"Good thing I'm ready then," Tony said as he straightened up, grabbing the towel from the counter and wrapping it around his shoulders. His hair was still damp from him washing and scrubbing it, and the towel would work nicely to battle against the cold were he allowed to keep it. Bates raised an eyebrow at him, but didn't otherwise comment.
Tony sneered back at him. "This morning I was being thrown around by some Neanderthal who could hardly keep it in his
"So, you just gonna ogle all night and not get rid of your own—" With a growl, the alpha pushed him against the bed, effectively silencing Tony once again, and threw his jet black suit jacket to the floor. He boxed Tony in with hands on either side of his head as he crawled on top of him. A dark, triumphant grin was fixed on his face.
Tony felt cold all over. He tried to push himself up, but he was trembling and everything was hurting from the beating. He stared at Ezekiel's back. "It was because of Thanos, Ezekiel."
He took a moment to gather himself, then turned around to inspect the table behind him. There was a smaller, portable table by its side and a large light, currently turned off, hanging over it. Without it, the room was quite dim, the only light source being Rhodey's shoulder lights. Despite the drops on the floor, there wasn't any blood on the table, so Steve presumed someone had been around to clean up.
Rick says it like it's a valid option, but Tony knows that in reality Rick resents the premise of it. He's always been more or less jealous of his older alpha sister. Old man Chester Darrow's favourite child, destined to lead the Darrow Industries, beautiful, intelligent and successful all her life. It must be tearing Rick apart.
He mourned after the housing unit, wondering what had happened to it after it had been taken out. He hoped it hadn't ended up in the wrong hands, albeit it was equipped with enough firewalls and fail-safes not to cause him to worry too much.
He nearly choked on the gag in his mouth when the belt connected with his already sore and bruised flesh again. Becker's hand buried itself into his hair, pressing the side of his face into the carpet beneath him as he leaned over Tony.
There's a slight pause where Tony suspects the two other conscious teammates are having a silent conversation, before Clint speaks up again,
"Look at my spaceship." She shows the captain her toy, turning it clumsily in her hands as the alpha walks towards Tony and the couch.
He gasped, cold sweat breaking out all over his body. A high-pitched whining was all he could hear. Someone kicked him and he fell sideways, slumping to the ground. The sound stopped and he could again pull in shaky breaths, but the paralysis was still there, still firmly in place. As it ought to be, after a taste of the sonic taser.
Tony graduates from MIT with two master’s degrees the year he turns nineteen. By that time, he's already figured out probably every loophole to the contract, spent nights after nights awake trying to come up with a way to wiggle himself out of this massive clusterfuck, and, so far, hasn't been able to think of even one qualified reason that would let him walk free. It's frustrating to say the least, and he locks the anger and the fear for his future somewhere deep within himself for later exploration.
fucking wear it, Tony. This isn't a discussion." Actually, most of their discussion weren't actually discussions. They were either negotiations or debates about SI, outright fights with the two almost literally at each others' throats, Tony bitching about something to Rick or Rick ordering him around. Which, for the record, was in his rights, as Tony's, an
After a moment the door opened and closed, and Tony was left alone with Ezekiel. He stayed quiet as the other man began pacing the room, controlling his breathing to remain calm and listening to the steady footsteps of well-tailored leather shoes.
and Tony can't stop the tears traveling down his cheeks as pleasure gathers in his nether regions, filling his dick with blood impossibly even further. Rick fucks into him unforgivingly, and when he begins to near his orgasm he bites down on Tony's neck, hips pumping even more harshly. Tony whines and grunts and grits his teeth, but he feels himself leaking, even through the slight pain that comes from Rick's rough handling.
Tony moaned at Steve's encouragement and shoved himself into his omega, hips stuttering.  Hearing Steve ask for it and encourage him was all he needed.  His fingers dug into the flesh of Steve's hips; he could feel Steve gasping and twitching on top of him as he hit his prostate.
Tony slowly moved his arms, wrapping them around Steve's waist.  He licked the back of Steve's neck lightly, cleaning it off, then set his chin on Steve's shoulder.
Steve had not really expected to spend his anniversary on the phone with his boss, but since he was a soldier, he wasn't surprised, either.  He twisted the new band on his left hand; the metal was cold in the chilly London air.
in response. It was definitely a positive response but that didn't make it any less overwhelming.  The crowd had evaporated into a series of blinding flashes from cameras and cell phones.  Steve just focused on the grounding touch of Tony's hand on his neck.
"--what we're going to talk about today is the basic scientific principles behind mating, which is my specialty.  That's right, I'm actually qualified to talk to you folks about this today. I teach human biology, anatomy, and sexuality over at Culver College, which some of you might recall is the place where Dr. Banner went mad, but let the record show, that was
"Tony?" Steve turned over onto his front, nudging his nose against Tony's cheek. "You need to wake up."
They climbed out of the car on a lower level and the honk of the horn indicating that the car was locked echoed.  Happy flanked them toward the elevators; a young blond Alpha was waiting for them. The pretty nurse who had once lived down the wall from Steve.  Beside her was Agent Maria Hill.  She looked pissed.
"I know we owe you," Steve huffed and ran a hand over his face. He sent Tony an apologetic look. "What do you need us to do?"
Steve's scent was intoxicatingly familiar.  It made Tony sleepy. "...so today's Banksy's birthday, huh?  That's kinda cool," he said drowsily. "Y'know my birthday's at the end of the month but... I don't really care that much about throwing a party this year... let's just duck our early for our anniversary.  I figured England would be nice. We could go see Aunt Peggy." The words were out of his mouth before he'd even realized it. Shit. He cleared his throat a little, then grudgingly explained, "She's my, um, godmother."
"...no, he's still an arrogant, conceited, self-absorbed, smug jerk," finished Natasha.  "...but he makes Steve happy.  And he's a straight shot."
"Nick Fury, Alphonso Mackenzie, Jasper Sitwell, Phil Coulson, plus Dr. Brazinski, and Pepper called Dr. Gleason," said Sam.
Tony was relieved to see the babies were re-slinged and about to leave. Everyone said good-bye to Steve while Tony hovered; he smiled when Ty addressed him.
"...much better," said Pepper when the two of them descended.  Tony had gone with a full suit.  Pepper walked over to tie his tie for him automatically.
"I hope you realise you have to suit up for the kids, Cap'n," George said around his straw, giving Steve a jokey wink.
"Fine.  I'll start the paperwork, but you really need to get someone else as soon as possible.  Between AccuTech liquidation sales and the Expo investigation, I'm swamped."
Sappho and I are looking forward to bringing you guys more stony, stucky, A/o shenanigans and thank you again for your support and encouragement.  We unapologetically present you with a graphic rimming scene in this final chapter.  - Apollo
"Oh... oh, n-no... no, Gideon would never make me fight.  He wouldn't want my face to get ruined," said Donner quickly.  "He takes good care of me. He would-- would never kick me out or-- or let another Alpha touch me."  Donner ducked his head shyly. Clearly, he didn't think Tony was a very good mate at all, but alluding to Tony's bad behavior had taken every ounce of his courage and now he was staring at the ground.
Oh wonderful. The girls grabbed Steve a little too hard and he was bit scared that the groping Tony had warned him about would finally materialize-- just not in the way he expected. "Bye," he told Tony, already looking a little lost as he watched the other loud, dominant Alpha drag his mate away.
Their comms crackled and Clint's voice flooded their ears.  "Guys?!" It was frantic. "I need backup, stat, I'm in the storage--"  The comms cut out again.
Maggie looked at Steve.  In the eye. She was one of the first Alphas at the conference to make eye contact with him without a hint of embarrassment or awkwardness.  "You have him awfully confused, don't you? ...it's a shame. I imagined the son of Howard Stark would be more dominant than that. Well, obviously, there's not much I can do for you two.  You seem very grounded in your ways. It was good to meet you anyways, Captain."
and the two of them turn to look at Clint, sitting on top of his HYDRA agent. The sound had evidently come from Clint bashing the agent's head against the concrete floor. Tony winces in sympathy.
He was just about to glance at the clock and wonder when he should go and wake Rosie up, when a hand touches his chin. He flinches
"I'm just making sure he learns his lesson," Becker replied, and it was accompanied by the sound of a leather belt sliding off of his waist.
During the trip, he had gained partial control over his limbs and he fought weakly against the hands stripping and searching him, his feet kicking and bound arms jerking away. They ended up cutting his jacket off of him, not bothering to uncuff him to remove it. The glasses with FRIDAY that he'd kept stored in the breast pocket got crushed beneath Boss' leather-clad foot and his phone was opened up, emptied of everything that the man could tear apart with just his fingers, then chucked away somewhere behind his back.
"Someone really ought to shut you up," he said, sounding almost bored, and before Tony could say anything else, he had slid the silk fabric between Tony's teeth. Tony grunted, leaning away, but the bow tie was fastened around his head while the others around them laughed at his misery.
he gets back home relatively unscathed. Rhodey had once again proven his worth as Tony's knight in shining armor, the president was safe and Pepper was making a good recovery from her Extremis experience. Rose had cried again because he'd been gone for too long to her (and Tony's) linking, and then cried even more when Tony was hospitalized after the surgery to remove his Arc Reactor. Tony felt agonizing guilt over what he perceived as ruining Rose's childhood.
Steve's mouth has thinned out into a tight line, and his eyes are trained hard on the floor. His fists are wavering slightly with tremors caused by pursing them too hard. "That bastard," he swears softly. Tony doesn't know exactly whom the captain is cursing, and he's to occupied with the fact that
Rogers actually chuckles. "I bet if she's related to you," he says good-naturedly, then apparently catching himself when a slightly horrified expression crosses his face at the somewhat backhanded compliment. Tony just laughs.
Yaayy first chapter done and uploaded, the next one should be on its way this weekend or over the next week! :)
"It seems that Anthony has had quite enough of supper for this evening," he said, clearly reveling in the power trip it gave him to be able to order Tony around. He drank more wine and flapped his hand at him. "Please, escort him back downstairs, Bates."
"No, you can't. Is that all?" he replies, and is already about to turn and head out of the room when Steve's hand grasps his shoulder.
paying for all, just to be clear) and getting their drinks — an Americano with an extra shot of espresso for Tony, a dark roast coffee with skimmed milk for Rogers, a frappé topped with whipped cream for Barton and a small strawberry sundae for Rose — they walk deeper into the shop to find the other two.
The alpha smiles warmly at Steve and then turns back to Tony. "I have to go now. I'll have my assistant send you an email about that stock meeting today. Also, clear up you evening for me, would you. I want to spend some quality time with my family on our anniversary." He says the last part near Tony's ear, grasping Tony's hip possessively, and they both know that Steve can here his low voice just fine from where he's standing. Tony can see the captain's fists tightening and he suspects that Rick is looking straight into Steve's eyes as he's leaning into Tony's space.
"Thank you, крошка," Natasha replies and crouches down to let the girl place the flower behind her ear. Tony thinks that the blue compliments well with the flaming red of her hair. Rosie just giggles at the Russian nickname. The assassin is the last one to receive a flower, and Rose looks proud at what she has managed to accomplish. They'd traveled from floor to floor in search of various teammates, and finally ended up on the common floor where the rest, that is Nat and Steve, were, to gift everyone with a cut flower. Tony'd been afraid that Clint was going to burst into moved tears when Rosie had offered him a carnation, purple in colour to match Clint's gear.
A couple of hours later, when Steve was ready to go into the room and punch the intel out of her himself, an accord was finally reached. After signing the deal, she revealed what she knew; a motel address.
Wanda was in her room, as she still remained an inactive member. After losing Vision she had fallen into a state of deep depression, which had prompted the team to decide on placing her on a temporary leave. She had remained so ever since, not including the final battle with Thanos.
He watched morosely as Steve pursed his fists, obviously fighting against the urge to punch something. They were now standing in the parking lot, having inspected the motel room and spoken to the owners and the residents. They had done all of that, and still hey were none the wiser.
"Everyone, get out!" Steve turns and commands the room at large. It consists of numerous smaller cells, all of which have their doors open by now. The people in them look tired and wary, but they seem to recognize Captain America's uniform and the alpha in it, their eyes glued to Steve and only Steve. Tony wants to share an exasperated look with Clint, but it feels somehow inappropriate. These people have been held in these cells for who knows how long, so maybe Tony can grant them a little rudeness.
, it stings alright. It stings and it hits Tony just where he's the most vulnerable, where he hates himself the most. The words keep pouring from Rogers' mouth and Tony has to break eye contact (which he detests himself for, because it's exactly what a traditional, submissive omega would do) because
"How are you still alive with your way of living?" he mutters, most likely more to himself than to Tony, putting the juice carton back in the fridge and taking a swig out of his glass.
When he gets to the penthouse, he gets an armful of his two girls as a greeting, smothering him with reassuring touches and kisses. Rose is openly bawling her eyes out and Pepper's not that far away herself. It brings tears to his own eyes as he thinks of the desperate moment in the confines of his suit, racing the nuke up into the wormhole —
Tony crosses his arms over his chest. Usually, it would make him feel like he was confident and in control of the situation, but now the motion just makes him feel small. He uncrosses them. "Clint, it's fine. The contract is almost thirty years old."
He levered himself up to sit as soon as Becker and Marco exited the car, peering out of the windows and taking in his surroundings; trees and fields stretched as far as the eye could see, illuminated by the clear sky. They were parked in a sizable yard, with a section of old fence surrounding the immediate area of it. Directly in front of the car, stood a two-story country house made of stone, ivy growing freely on its walls.
And he does; it’s the honest truth. Peter’s a good kid, and he’s good company to have, though he’s a bit too observant for his age at times. For the most part, they
2/27/17: I was just responding to a review and I'd like you all to read it to clear up any misunderstandings you've had in the case of Steve's character. The comment made is not important; I would like simply to read the response, which is as follows (essentially):
,” he damn near whispers, his voice breaking up at the end, and he’s suddenly all too aware that he’s got eyes on him, but he forces himself to ignore it; it won’t do himself or Tony a lick of good if he lets it get to his head, because he’s got far more too worry about now.
and all Steve can do is groan and fist his fingers in Tony’s dry, sticky hair and relish in the low moan that Tony emits in reaction. The sound goes straight to Steve’s arousal, and it takes all of him not to just rut against Tony like some wild animal.
He doesn’t shower him with gifts like one would expect, unless the gift was to directly better Peter’s understanding of the world. He wasn’t getting the newest model skateboard he wanted, but he was learning more every day about the workings of circuitry and mechanics and whatever else Tony could see Peter’s interests drifting towards. Peter saw gifts, but Steve can see plainly that the only gift they give is to birth a new understanding to possess of the world—mere supplies to aid in his learning. Tony was never spoiled as a child, and he doesn’t plan to spoil Peter, either. He’s strict, but he’s fair, whenever the social worker allows him to spend nights at the tower. Curfew until 7 PM, giving him ample time to spend studying at school before coming over. No bedtime—Peter’s the kind of kid who can’t stay up past ten anyways. Homework always needs to be done before watching TV, or working on any old electronics. He’s got to brush his teeth before going to bed. Got to make his bed when he gets out of it in the morning.
Pepper makes a noise and then says something akin to, “Dammit, Steve,” though Steve can’t make it out too well due to the sounds of her jostling with the phone, and the yelling of two people over the phone’s meager speakers, and Steve can’t help the anticipation that knots his stomach more and more with every passing moment until he hears the sarcastic overtones of Tony’s voice humming out the hardly-sincere greeting of a hello, and Steve’s frankly surprised about the utter anger he feels instead of the relief he’d been expecting when he hears Tony’s voice.
“It doesn’t have to be you alone,” Steve argues, “You have a team for a reason.” He takes in a breath that surprises him with its quivering before saying, “Tony,
Because he loves Tony, he knows it—possibly more than he loved Peggy—and it’s not even because there’s some aspects of Tony that remind him utterly of the best parts of both Peggy and Howard somehow smashed together in some sort of eclectic mixture, no; it’s because those very same aspects of Tony’s personality set him head and shoulders above Howard and Peggy both. He’s got the intelligence from Howard (maybe even more than Howard, in fact), but then he got Peggy’s stubborn nature to go with it, making for one hell of an individual. Tony’s an utterly unique individual that has Steve under his enticement, and Steve’s more than perfectly okay with that.
, because he hates it, he hates himself, he hates the world, he hates Hydra and he hates the past for how much it affects him still, for how much everything affects him. He wants to be a different person, wants to be anyone else besides himself, because what he is a fucking idiot who deserves nothing good, apparently, and it’s just
, Tony,” Steve interrupts him with a sigh, rubbing his face. “Peter was a wreck. This is probably the longest moment I’ve spent without Peter for the better part of a week. What you put him through can’t be ignored, even if it was to keep him safe. It was wrong of you to jump in front of the gun when you don’t even have to take the bullet.”
watching it without knowing the plot, because the man had been sniggering when Steve read it off), and Charlie in the Chocolate Factory before he decides he wants to check up on Tony. Usually, the man checks in every day, probably in order to keep Peter from losing his mind with worry, but Tony had been pretty busy today, he figured, so he hadn’t gotten around to it, which Peter didn’t seem to really notice, but he had.
“He came in just after you fell asleep,” Steve informs him with a soft smile, snapping him out of his head, “He wanted to make sure you were okay. He was worried.” He looks at Peter, and the softness only intensifies. “And, also, bossy. Very bossy.”
Steve is not a bad guy. For me, (and I guess this would be spoilers, technically), in the case of this story and the Civil War arc I am approaching, Tony and Steve both take their stances to protect Peter. The act mandates registration of enhanced, which for heroes like Spider-Man, requires information like a secret identity to become public knowledge, which Tony would be able to have some part in controlling the release of if he is to help the act's passing. But in Steve's view, because the act would further make public knowledge all those RELATED to the enhanced individuals, there is no way to keep it controlled once it's passed, leaving Peter in harm's way should he be forced to register, because the adoption would be placed in the public domain. For this tale, this is the decision I've come to in reference to Steve and Tony's views in the movie, and how it will play.
So Steve doesn’t try to explain himself after a while. He allows Peter to stew in silent anger whilst watching some movie called
It’s also stunning, to him at least, how little Tony hates him for it. The fact that Tony’s willing to search him out just boggles his mind, throwing him through a ringer when it comes to show, again and again, that Tony’s one of the most selfless men he’s ever met. It makes him love him deeper, but it also serves to remind him of how little he is in comparison to him, too, because Steve knows that if he were to be in Tony’s place, he wouldn’t exactly go out of his way to show cordiality to someone who’d acted the way Steve had—it didn’t matter that he was fresh out of the ice and dealing with trauma. Tony is the person that Steve’s always wanted to become, and this makes him feel the slightest bit like an ignorant gorilla in his wake. He knows he doesn’t measure up to Tony. It’s unspoken, but it’s there.
"It's an easy question, Stark," Ezekiel said, not letting up the pressure on Tony's shoulder, "Does Steve Rogers love you?"
So, Tony was obliged to wear a fucking necklace if Rick wanted him to wear it. But it didn't mean that Tony was going to do it without at least putting up a proper fight. He wasn't the one to just roll over and take everybody's shit.
with your name on?! Fuck you!" he spits at Rick's slightly confused expression (only slightly, since Rick knows Tony well enough by now that he hadn't expected a necklace with his own name to go down well. Maybe he just hadn't anticipated that Tony'd be
They are both panting when Rick pats his behind. "Happy anniversary," he says again, and rips at the shirt around Tony's hands so it'll come off easier, before leaving to presumably catch a shower and some sleep. Tony stands there, half lying on the table for a long while before managing to get up and hurry off to shower himself.
The hairs at the back of Tony's neck stood on end at the ominous statement, and he began struggling anew when Becker grabbed him by the back of his neck. He saw Marco advancing him with what looked like a regular electric taser. He bucked wildly against Becker's hold, but then the taser was pressed against his chest and a current was coursing through his body, and he knew no more.
"Still," Steve presses, walking to stand before the engineer. Tony resolutely stares past him at the wall. "It matters that I know, even if you think that I can't help." Rogers clasps his shoulder. "Tony?" he asks for confirmation that his words have been heard.
"I'm going to the gym," Clint grits at them and strides to the elevator. Natasha glances over her shoulder at Tony, and then follows Clint into the elevator. The doors slide shut.
Steve watched as Rhodey let the face plate slide up. He breathed for a moment, eyes moving between Natasha and the doctor. "Did you get anything?" he asked in the end. His voice was filled with equal amounts of hope and disapproval.
Soon, Rose's cup is empty, and the toddler is drooping with exhaustion. Still, she keeps insisting to go and hand flowers to the rest of the Avengers.
"Shut you trap," Rick seethes and grabs his chin. "She'll present as an alpha, trust me. That's what the doctors are saying." Tony reigns in the urge to point out that that was exactly what was said about him before he presented as an omega at the age of almost thirteen. "If not, then the ownership will just go to my sister's kids. She has three, remember? Two alphas, one beta. One of them can take over if needed."
, he may appoint a suitable follower for his position with full autonomy (this follower must be previously negotiated and the decision recorded). If ANTHONY STARK passes away before the birth of an heir, the ownership of the company shall pass over to OBADIAH STANE and on to his heirs, as discussed in clause four (4).
"An....an astronauttt," she clarifies, frowning as she takes extra care with the consonants. Tony's eyes flick back to the tablet in his hands.
Much of the morning progressed like that, with Hammer propositioning to him and Tony refusing him firmly. At twelve o'clock, Hammer had his lunch brought to the table, and he ate it slowly in front of him. Once he was finished, he told Tony to beg for the scraps. When he refused, he dumped them into a trash can by the wall.
"Is it ever a discussion with you, Rick?" he asks, voicing his earlier thoughts, hand on his cheek where Rick had made a small cut with his ring.
Tony sighs. "Sure, Cap." They walk into an empty room nearby that they use to store some stuff, like movies and books, and Tony pulls the door closed behind him, muffling out Rosie's laughter as Nat swings her around. "What is it?"
Steve is silent for a while, and Tony gets to stew for a moment, before the captain finally breaks the silence, "Can I really do nothing to help?" he asks, voice tense and fists clenched, and Tony just stares. He recovers with a shake of his head, and clears his throat.
Anyway, Tony gets to eat in peace as he watches the captain struggle with hacking up the pasta into smaller bits and attempting to somehow get it into Rose's mouth.
been a headache, since it seems that handling the PR of the Avengers Initiative seems to fall mostly on Tony's shoulders nowadays that Fury works mostly from underground. Not to mention the World Security Council that has been onto them ever since the Battle of New York. They are getting more persistent with their demands and complaints, and every other Avengers-related incident only seems to be like throwing gasoline into a fire.
A boot-clad foot collided with his ribs. He grunted and rolled with the impact, his back hitting the wall behind him.
Rhodey was in the know already, of course. He had been the first to get the call from Pepper and was now somewhere out there, hopefully chasing a lead. He was only the obvious choice to be informed first, Steve had rationalized to himself. Out of the two of them, Rhodey was the one closer to Tony, while Steve was barely in speaking terms with the man. There were too many old wounds, Steve knew. Nevertheless, it still filled him with envy.
He stood back up and looked around the bathroom. There was absolutely nothing in the room that would fit, not that he could see. He was about to throw in the towel when he finally saw it.
He was about to start walking away when he stopped to listen. Footsteps could be heard in the distance, coming from the direction of the main road. The armor hydraulics whirred as Jim turned, looking at the man approaching.
Tony doesn't even snap at him for using 'Darrow' instead of 'Stark' (even though both are his legal names), since he's too focused on keeping his sobs of relief contained.
"Anything going on today?" Barton asks the room at large, his breakfast plate balanced carefully in the hand that isn't holding his fork.
Spider-Man and Nebula's lead had turned out to be a plastic bag, containing the bloodied implants that had been cut out of Tony. The bag had been thrown into a dumpster near the factory, and the lab had been able to find partial prints on it.
"It's fine, Tony," Steve replies and reaches to pet Rosie's head. "She's a good kid." Tony smiles and Steve takes the opportunity to place the tray before him. "Now, take that break and eat. We already did, right Rosie?"
"No, no, it's fine," Steve protests, looking too near tears himself to Tony's liking. The omega frowns at the alpha. He's not going to sit trough any more tear fests, thank you very much.
was Tony's immediate answer. He didn't say it out loud, but he could feel his traitorous eyes filling with tears.
He saw Marco's hand in his pocket, now paralyzed around the device, but the man definitely had it — the sonic taser. And he had used it, despite not wearing the protective ear pieces.
. The man was just as imposing as Obie had been, but he was younger, perhaps somewhere around Tony's age. And what's more, Tony had met him.
"Morning," Steve greets the three Avengers in the kitchen as he walks in, fresh from the shower. It's 6 AM and Bruce and Thor haven't still left their floors, but the two ex-SHIELD agents and the captain are all early risers, and Tony....well, Tony's sleep pattern was rubbish anyway. He'd gone to bed (in his own room, thank you very much) around 1 AM and then fallen asleep closer to 3 AM before waking up covered in cold sweat. Rose and Rick had still been sleeping when he got up and got down to the common floor.
"Yeah," she says and beams up at him, twining her arms around Tony's leg and settling to sit on top of his foot, legs tightening around Tony's ankle. It's the new game she plays with Thor, the god swinging her around while she holds onto his bulky leg, and apparently she's decided that Tony is as good a substitute as any.
"There were people," Ezekiel begun, pausing to move Tony with his foot again, rolling him onto his stomach. "that died as a result of other people vanishing. Think about it. Bus drivers. Pilots. Doctors. Nurses. Rescue workers. Parents of small children. All those ordinary people."
"Sorry, but I've got company," he tried to rationalize to her, smiling without it reaching his eyes, knowing better than being rude. Alphas weren't good with 'no's, so their fall back to Earth had to be carefully cushioned. Otherwise it could always get ugly.
Their mission right now, is to get the prisoners out (because according to their intel, there are two major hot spots of people held in cells inside the base), get clear, and let SHIELD operatives raid the base after they are done. Help in the raid, if need be. It's clean cut, it's clear, but escorting prisoners out and not getting caught is simply not possible. Someone is bound to notice at one point.
The door to the room opened and Becker stepped in. He gave Tony a cursory once-over as he walked past him. He went to sit with Marco, pulling out his phone as well.
"If we find a body..." he begun, trailing off like saying those words was killing him. Which, they probably were. They were killing Steve, at least.
, was more than any omega could ever ask for, and way more than he'd ever thought his Father would be willing to give him. Well, it seemed that protecting the family name went even before his hatred for Tony and his gender, so he guessed he was lucky —, or furious that he was going to be forced to marry his childhood best friend, nowadays a self-centered bag of dicks, Rick Darrow. Or maybe he should be happy that it hadn't been Rick's older alpha sister, Amanda, who was going to be the one to take over the Darrow Industries after Chester Darrow. Amanda Darrow was even worse than her brother, or so Tony had heard.
Steve looks him in the eye, as if assessing Tony's honesty regarding his words. Finally, he nods solemnly.
Tony glanced up at him in confusion. Ezekiel raised an eyebrow, the hand holding the crop twitching in warning when Tony didn't comply right away. Involuntarily, his body jerked into movement and he knelt back down. In a way, he was grateful for the position, since standing for even the briefest of moments had made his legs shake like leaves. However, kneeling in front of the other man accentuated the power imbalance, which Tony doubted was unintentional.
The summers in New York can get quite hot sometimes, and the three men and one girl take a break from all the walking and playing around noon. They are seated on a bench near the zoo, which is their next destination, and Tony can't quite get Rose to settle since she knows that's where they are going next.
Eventually, Becker grew tired of their staring contest and let go of him. He pulled out a knife and Tony froze, but the man only brought it down to the zip tie that secured Tony to the bed and severed it with a faint
Rick tilts his head to one side. "It isn't to the Captain's liking?" he asks mock-innocently and twists a little to look at Steve, who seems to be attempting to contain his irritation.
The car ride to their home was uncomfortable. The elevator ride up was uncomfortable. The awkward way their luggage had been deposited inside the otherwise furnished apartment was uncomfortable.
"Why are you here? Did you hurt you at work? When will you come home? Are you coming with me and Daddy?"
"I'm fine, Steve," he says, almost snaps. He's feeling a little tense. "You should've waited a minute. He was just about to tell me something."
"The next-generation transistor thing? Yeah, I was there." He grabs the nearest tablet and makes a note for himself. "On it. But don't expect to gain much from it. Most of their ideas were shit. I won't be passing those along."
"Let it go, Steve," he says, trying to cool off the situation with the use of Rogers' first name. It does the trick, and with a downwards glance at Tony, one last withering look at the alpha female's back, he sighs and backs down.
Beard's hand tightened, cutting off his air supply. Tony choked, fingers twitching but refusing to properly move. The panic he had thus far managed to fend off came back full force.
"I thought if I did a picture for Steve then he'd come home, 'cause 't would make him happy," Rosie states in her young, way too innocent tone of voice, and Tony feels his heart breaking to bits. He has to clear his throat before he can say anything else.
On a positive note, Thor is back from his alien affairs, although he did demolish half of London in the process. And hasn't settling
It's that evening, when Rosie's in bed and Rick is somewhere a couple of states over, when Steve comes up to his floor. He brings his Stark Tech phone as an excuse, asking for Tony to help him adjust the screen settings, but Tony can see right through him, probably because he feels the same way; Steve just wants to spend time with him.
Steve is asking over the comms. Tony has his eyes on the horizon, enjoying the feeling of flying through the air. His team is by his back, following him in the Quinjet.
He punches the alpha square in the face, but then one of his goons comes to his aid and pins Tony's free arm to the floor. Tony kicks and growls and twists, but yep, he's trapped.
Rose Margaret Darrow-Stark (Darrow-Stark, because Tony had wanted his daughter to have access to both family names) is born in the spring, May 19, 2010. It's precisely ten days before Tony's 40th birthday, when the ownership of Stark Industries would have completely moved to the Darrow family, no matter if Tony'd given birth to ten alpha heirs after that. Tony would've expected Rick to be angry at the fact, but instead he marvels at the wonder cradled in his omega's arms. Tony almost loves him in that moment. For giving him Rose. For caring for them. For the gentle look in his beautiful hazel eyes. Then he remembers the rapes, the abuse and the hateful words, and remembers that Rick is an alpha and Tony is an omega, and that Tony can never love Rick. So, he lets himself pretend, imagining them as a happy family for a small moment, and just almost loves Rick.
So, the team is running around the base, fighting bad guys and smashing stuff, and Tony is in the control room downloading all the data available. He taps and scans, reading through snippets and watching clips, but it's all just standard HYDRA stuff. Which in itself isn't bad, it's all very useful for their operation as a whole, but it's been months since the head alpha mentioned something about another alpha, and Tony still has no idea what he had been talking about.
"Go fuck yourself," he bit out, bucking against the restraints. She sighed like she'd been expecting this outcome. Tony thought she would've been an idiot if she hadn't been.
"Open the doors, that taser shit is starting to wear off," Beard barked, his voice breathless, and Luis and his pal hurried ahead to pull open the back doors. "Stop squirming," he growled at Tony, hands squeezing tighter, the strength of them bruising.
Also, it's not as if taking things slowly is such an unwelcome change. Even at the threat of severe sexual frustration, it feels somewhat liberating to be the one setting the pace for once. And, thankfully, Steve seems to be prepared for the long run as well.
"There we go," Rick says, when he's convinced that Tony's far enough gone to be nonverbal. Because that's what happens when Tony goes down, when he has intense sex.
He had sighed softly, mentally cursing himself. Maybe he had become cocky in his years as Iron Man. Maybe he really was an old man in a can.
"Pepper loves me," he let out, sounding defensive in his own ears. He swallowed and reigned in his tone as he continued, "Rhodey loves me. My mom loved me."
The toddler shakes her head at the wooden object. "Not that one, Steve, that's easy. I want another one."
"Thank you, you can have it," she singsongs before running back to her room, probably to draw some more animals from the zoo. Tony watches as Rogers looks over the drawing again.
it. He hates how easily his body submits to his mate, and how good it feels when Rick touches him the right way. He absolutely
The alpha's eye twitches and Tony takes that as his cue. Just as the man opens his mouth to call his men, Tony blasts them away. However, with his arms pointed to the sidelines, his center is wide open and the middle alpha uses that to his advantage to tackle him to the ground. He grabs Tony's wrists and presses them against the concrete around his head. Tony starts loading his unibeam, but the slick bastard somehow manages to evade it. He doesn't, however, manage to evade the bits of ceiling that fall on top of both of them at the impact and Tony succeeds in wrenching one his arms free.
"Yeah, she does. She enjoys yours and Bruce's company, too." Tony smirks at the slight blush creeping to Rogers' ears. "Thor is the funniest out of you all, though, because he 'speaks funny'." Rogers chuckles.
They step into the corridor that Tony is occupying, guns up. Three men, two holding guns, the third standing between them with an impressive poker face in place. He seems irritated, but not overly so.
Tony frowns, his jaw clenching. "If you were left stranded then this was Fury's fault. He should've made sure you had back up if things went south."
As if to emphasize his words, Becker delivered three sharp blows in quick succession. Tony growled and trembled beneath him at the sharp pain. Becker was breathing hard at the exertion.
hopes that all is just fine and dandy despite the sudden radio silence. Needless to say, he is also feeling like a total wreck about the whole mission, and he's probably leaking stress hormones pretty much 24/7, since he already has a pretty stressful lifestyle and the added strain really isn't doing any favours there.
Tony places the glasses to the coffee table and takes the bottle from Rogers. "You drink?" he asks, gesturing with the bottle that he's in the process of opening. The other man nods and Tony pours him a glass, then one for himself. He sits down to the couch and swirls the contents of his glass carefully, the motion reminding him of his Mother. It's nearing 6 PM but there's still plenty of light streaming through the windows, although now starting to tint slightly towards orange.
happened to your face, Tony," he tells the omega calmly, although Tony can hear the low rumble of his alpha side growling as he speaks. It makes Tony's hands tremble, and he clasps them together.
She didn't know other names in addition to Taylor's, but she had spoken to a man that matched Taylor's description of Marco. For a deal with the prosecutor, she was willing to divulge the conversation they had shared.
Rick growls against Tony's collarbone, against the gold chain resting there, not budging an inch. "I think you need a reminder of whom you belong to."
The other active members would have to be informed later on. They had connections to all except for Thor, for obvious, space-related reasons, as well as for Spider-Man who had kept his identity hidden after Thanos. Steve had no idea how to contact him. It was Tony's people that always called him in, and Steve hadn't exactly been handed a number.
After a moment of mutual glaring, Hammer glanced down at Tony's empty plate. "You should eat something, Tony."
"What do you clowns think you're doing?" Boss asked levelly, disdain clear in his voice. Tony blinked rapidly and watched as Becker glared in Boss' direction. He said nothing in reply to his question, which was probably the wisest move. Boss sighed, muttering something that sounded like 'whatever' to himself.
"Don't you dare—" Tony begun, but the knot was pushed into his mouth and the ends of the cloth were tied together at the back of his head. Marco pushed himself back up to sit on the bed as Tony glared daggers at him.
They pull apart only when the doctors begin pouring in, checking Steve's vitals and all, and Tony decides that it's best he call in Bruce and leave himself.
"Oh, Tony, my dear boy, we have wonderful news for you, darling," she gushes, pulling back and Tony resist the urge to sneeze at her omega pheromone enhanced perfume. They are popular among upper class omegas, but Tony has always preferred cologne. It's probably because of his Father, who hates having to smell Tony's, although dampened, but still there sweet scent. Tony wants to think that he wears cologne because pheromone enhanced perfumes....just no. Not for him anyway. Especially on a campus full of young and hormone riddled alphas.
"I don't know, are they?" he asks, stepping back and leaning into Rogers space. Yeah, because doing so was
He stood up and began pacing the space. They would need to start the looking somewhere. He crossed his arms across his abdomen, lost in thought.
Maybe the poisoning hadn't been that serious when he'd been pregnant? Or maybe he was just more vulnerable to poisons than she was? Maybe his body had been protecting Rose from the palladium? He didn't know, and it didn't make sense, so all Tony did was thank the heavens when Rose continued to develop normally, too quickly turning from baby to toddler as months passed. It was some time after she had turned two that Tony had to leave to help SHIELD with their problem with this glowing blue cube called the Tesseract. Pepper had offered to take care of Rose while he was gone, and the company was in his reach with one email to Rick or the board members.
He righted Tony again and secured his cuffed hands to the leg of the bed. Tony didn't struggle again, but he glared daggers at Marco as he watched him pull the zip tie taut.
His Father was the first to raise his eyes when Tony's now sweet and oh-so-mellow scent reached his and Maria's noses. They were sitting in the dining room, his Father with the day's paper clutched in his hands and his Mother nursing a cup of coffee alongside with her usual glass of wine. Any other morning the sight would've made him happy, since the moments where all three of them were together were so few and far between, but now it just made a freezing shiver of trepidation travel through his body. He was terrified.
Tony hissed, clenching his jaw to keep his sobs contained, as Ezekiel roughly repositioned him to kneel with his back turned to the other man. "Stay still," Ezekiel instructed, moving away from him. Tony was too exhausted, too distraught to even start thinking about disobeying, so he stayed put and tried to pull himself together.
He was in the middle of attempting to yank the whole damn hook off of the pole when the door to the basement opened. He twisted around as good as he could — which wasn't that much, to be honest — his heart in his throat as he expected Ezekiel to descend the stairs down. The man was ought to return at one point.
Steve bit his lip, then clapped Bruce's shoulder consolingly. "I'm going to suit up and see if Rhodes has found anything."
He keeps his suits in the workshop beneath his and Rick's penthouse apartment, a little surprised that the alpha had actually agreed to letting Tony keep and continue to tinker on them (not that Tony would've been about to let Rick have his way, had that not been the case). Maybe he intends to win off some money from them, now that Tony had managed to shut down the weapons manufacturing with the combined votes from him, the board and the Chairman. Apparently what happened with Obie was enough bad PR for everyone except Rick.
"Feeling tense, are we, Stark?" Ezekiel asked, and Tony's eyes swiveled toward him. Ezekiel met them briefly, before turning his to Bates. "You can go now. Tell your boss we will be joining him for dinner in an hour or two."
After a bit of walking, they reached a double door by the end of the hall. The dust and dirt that covered the floors of the factory looked like it had been disturbed recently around the door. Steve shared a look with Rhodey.
"Mmmh," he says, pressing his nose into the crook of Tony's neck and shoulder, "You smell heavenly."
He was happiest when Steve Rogers, their team leader, finally made his way to the tower with his beat up Harley-Davidson. He'd been deeply moved by Tony accommodating him and the rest of the team, and Tony almost felt modest when faced with the Captain's gratitude.
Rick flashed his trademark smirk down at him. "I'll be gone in a minute," he said. He bent his head down to kiss the omega, breathing in his sweet scent deeply. Tony returned the kiss, leaning leisurely against the counter. Moments like this were good, they were meant to be treasured. Moments like this when they didn't fight, or they didn't remember the mutual disdain and hatred they held towards each other, or the bitterness that had mustered along the years. This was good, this was home, this was his mate, and even though Tony hated thinking that, it was the truth. And it wasn't going to change.
The photo was awkwardly taken with John's two very own omegas plastered up against Steve. It was all very unusual. Steve didn't really know what the protocol was here.
Eventually the two men parted in the pool. Steve bent down by the edge, raising a brow at Tony as he swam up to the pool side. "Proud of yourself?" Steve asked, although he couldn't help but smile. He'd had quite a few drinks himself, but he was only edging on tipsy when a normal person would probably be on the floor.
Well it was certainly a positive response. Positive almost to the point of aggression. The crowd was manic and excitable and it seemed Tony knew just how to work them. Steve didn't. The last term he'd been in front of a crowd this big was... er... never?  Tony had not warned him that the main stage was open to the main grounds of the Expo and had television screens all along the top of it, essentially broadcasting themselves to every last person in Flushing Meadows.
"Right," Steve deadpanned. "Thanks." Just because they were agreeing to do this didn't mean they had to be enthusiastic about it.
A bad feeling panged in his chest as Tony sat down and watched TV, his back turned to him. There had been a moment for a second - a moment when potentially he thought they might talk, connect in some way but then it was gone, over, the opportunity lost.
Tony was itching to know more but DeSoto looked nervous, like this wasn't a thing to talk about in mixed company.  Tony dragged himself into the kitchenette to pour a cup of coffee. He sipped it. "...good coffee, DeSoto."
is about electronics, not for people suffering mania," replied Phil.  He peered down the hole, pushing a cable aside.  "No, there's no magazines up here.  Can we come down?"
"Barnes isn't dead.  He's the Winter Soldier," clarified Tony.  He felt a mean, ugly sense of pride when Peggy's hand flew up to her face.
"...the, uh, that one goes to mine, I thought you should keep both... I got them engraved, I dunno, you mentioned getting them engraved so I did that--"
"He needs water. We both need water," Steve said, his throat parched as he said it. The other omega nodded and briefly disappeared before he returned with a water bottle. Steve pushed the small tray back so it could be filled. Pietro filled it then pushed it back through the slot.
"I'm not scared.  Of course it will work.  I was waiting for everyone to get shades on.  I told you, it's gonna be bright."  Tony grabbed a pair of welding goggles off his desk and slipped them on, rubbing his hands together.  "JARVIS, power this fucker up, please."
Natasha propped open an emergency exit; it no longer mattered if they triggered any more alarms.  They were way past that.
. He could feel everything, every tiny little movement and spark of pleasure inside of him. And Steve was strong, he could do this for hours without his thighs even quivering at the strain - though they might at the stretch.
Tony let out a small noise of protest as Steve picked him up.  It was different when he'd been drunk or when they'd been alone, but now that they had gone public, Tony had a deep sense of pride.  Seeing that picture of himself holding Steve, looking heroic, had stirred something up in him.  He wanted to be every inch the strong Alpha his father had always wanted.  Which meant not being carried around in Steve's arm like an infant.
Tony looked over at Steve pointedly.  Steve had stopped running around. "Steve," said Tony quietly.  "I think you should call Team Foxtrot down here." He couldn't quite read or feel Steve's emotions, but he was prepared to grab Steve if Steve had a freak-out, which seemed likely.
"I think we should maybe let omegas catch up first," butted in Irshad, who was planted on the carpet and seemed unwilling to be butted out of the conversation.
"...both," said Tony.  "...to be honest with you, I barely notice them anymore.  Normally Happy keeps them from talking to me and they just sort of orbit around taking pictures.  I don't know.  I'm used to them."
"Okay, okay!"  Tony shut off the link with Natasha.  "JARVIS, give me base-wide speaker access, I need to make an announcement."  He paused.
She sat up a little and moved her hands.  At first he thought she was playing with a piece of string; her fingers grew stiff and made motions like they were hooked and stretching.  But there was no string. It was an invisible game of Cat's Cradle. He stared, finding the motion hypnotic.
"I put a new core in.  It's a new element I kind of just made up just now, no biggie.  Is it working?"
"So my idea is for Rhodey to wear contact lens with a little transmitter and basically send us a live-feed of whatever he's seeing," said Tony.
Steve muttered apologies to himself while Pepper argued with the AI.  To an outsider he would have looked insane.
He let Tony pull away when he said good bye, their hands still together. Tony holding his hand was about the only thing stopping Steve from punching a wall. "We won't be able to afford to buy everyone at the auction," he murmured. "People here are stinking rich. But...but we could try and protect the youngest." Steve cringed when he realised those would also be the most expensive.
"Me neither," joked Steve, looking down.  He winced at the coldness of the brush on his abs and sniggered as she began painting a flag on him.  "Oh-- oh, geez--"
omegas like to be submissive in bed. James and his boyfriend must have some kind of preference to make it work. He should have asked at the party; he was almost curious now. Whoever they asked to be a 'medicine nanny' would have an enormous of trust put upon them. They would see Steve in... quite a state, and probably naked. Steve couldn't afford for there to be a second sex tape with him in it this time. His 'Cap' image wouldn't survive it.
"It's fine, we're just going to handle this one step at a time, okay?" said Pepper, guiding Steve down the steps toward the kitchen.  The steps were still lined with orchids, the front room filled with them.
"It's crazy. I'm horny like all the time and all the smells changed completely, people smell different now. You should try it-"
"You mustn't let them get between you two. I know it must be hard, and white I don't really know anything about this... 'HYDRA', I'm sure they want to drive you two apart. You can't let them win."
.  He's asking to be treated equally.  Like a human being. And considering everything he's done for the country, I think he deserves at least that."
, I can handle it.  I've been cleaning discharge out of the hole in my chest for two years.  I wanna help.  You don't have to do this alone.  I'm your mate."
Tony wondered if it was normal to have two marks like that.  He'd never seen it before on anyone else, but to be fair, Tony didn't eyeball omegas' necks very often.  It was considered rude, like ogling a woman's cleavage while she was wearing a low-cut blouse.  Tony had always ogled cleavages and asses, not necks.  He'd always been drawn to beta women and had never even considered dating a male omega.  (He'd been with female omegas but only ones who were on heavy suppressants.)
"I..." Steve blinked. He hesitated. His hesitation seemed to worry Banksy, whose eyes narrowed at him.  "He tries his best," Steve said and then cringed at how bad that sounded. "Not in a bad way- his father didn't leave the best impression on him."
. Steve let out a quiet but desperate sound as Tony's fingers found that sweet spot inside of him and he ground his hips down again, seeking more relief. "Please," he whispered, not entirely sure what he was asking for.
"They did that 'cause he kept trying to run out," offered Vim, peeking in the doorway, still wrapped in her sheets.
"We have the phone records," added Clint.  He was bluffing. All they knew was that the call had been placed and had been about two minutes long; what was discussed was unknown.
is what Project Guiding Star could have accomplished, if they weren't so damned obsessed with making super soldiers instead."
Steve slipped his hand into Tony's and Tony clung to him.  He wasn't laughing at all anymore. He wanted to shove Steve down and lie on top of him, protect him from this other Alpha, re-establish his claim.  He didn't know what the fuck Frond had just done but whatever it was had been effective. She wasn't just a pop psychologist. She was a truly dangerous woman.
Steve was so confused. He shook his head. The last thing he could coherently remember was Karpov leaving and Bucky scrambling against the glass. "W-what... what happened to my neck? It hurts."
"Tony," Steve sighed as he appeared before the other, surrounded by women and various other famous and beautiful people Steve should recognise but didn't. "Remember what Pepper said."
Steve and Tony didn't let go of each other's hands.  When their lift stopped at their floor it took them more than a few seconds to actually step out of it.
Steve helped carry all of Tony’s things up to his hotel room.  No one paid him any mind; the scene of an omega scuttling after an Alpha, carrying his bags for him, was perfectly normal.  One suitcase in particular, a metal briefcase, was a little heavy, even for him, but he didn’t ask what was in it.  He set everything down on the floor of their penthouse suite.  A full breakfast had been laid out for Tony; Steve’s mind was wandering to the toast and fruit salad he’d ordered that would be waiting for him in his own room.  God, he was starving after that flight.  It was tricky to keep up with his metabolism sometimes.  “The event starts in six hours, so we should head off in five, at the latest,” Steve said pointedly as he straightened back up.  “I’ll leave you to rest now, Mr. Stark…”
"Huh?"  Tony looked down.  He'd begun shredding the nearest thing he could get his hands on: a sweater Pepper had draped over the back of a chair.  He was surprised to see how easily it had torn.  "...the hell?"
"I was awful for him," Steve said and smile ruefully. "But he didn't let me go..." His eyes became glassy for a moment, distant. For a moment he was watching Bucky fall over again. "He got taken away and he..." He thought of Bucky in the car.
He fell asleep shortly before noon and slept until he heard the front door open.  Waking this time wasn't painful; his hangover had faded to an idle and easily ignored throb in the back of his skull.  He remained curled in Steve's bed, warm and comfortable, waiting for Steve to come to him.
In adulthood, the pattern was the same.  The people who cared were few and far between and most of them were paid to care.  Tony was fully aware that Pepper was on his payroll, and so was Happy, and their relationship was complicated by the fact that he was signing their checks.  Rhodes, similarly, was someone with whom he had a professional relationship; before Afghanistan he had been the military liaison to Stark Industries, and afterwards, when their weapon contract was canceled, Tony kept him at an arm's length, not wanting to talk about Afghanistan.  For years now, Tony had been living his life with the awareness that he could build and test suits to his heart's (arc's) content because no one would tell him no and no one cared enough to try to stop him.  Only Pepper occasionally protested, but she was easily dismissed.
The sedatives must have taken away Steve's agility, because he barely tapped him.  His blue eyes were wide and unfocused and afraid as he looked up at the other omega.
"I'm sorry, are you... who I think you are?" He turned his head to see a small ginger woman. She was petite, her hair done in a bob and block fringe. 'Cute' was the first word that came to mind. She didn't look older than twenty.
...but Tony made demands of him all the time.  Like Tony would ask for coffee, whatever. But that was the way he was...that was nothing to do with being an Alpha, was it? God. It made Steve's head hurt.
It was just the two of them in the quiet stillness of Steve's apartment.  Outside, rain was pattering softly.  The apartment smelled like Steve, and it was warm and comforting, so much more
. It was like no one could get to him down there, no one with their stupid shitty statusist views, their weird outdated opinions that should have died a century ago, like Steve should have--
."  A male voice was coming in clearly, a strong voice with a New York accent, filled with charm.  "We're late, pal. The reservations are for six. I already laid out your clothes. Come on, lazy bones, get up!"  A firm hand on Steve's shoulder was shaking him insistently.
In downtown Los Angeles, Bonaventure is a real place and on the 34th floor there really is a revolving restaurant, called the Bona Vista lounge.  I'm happy to report it's not "Alphas only" and is actually quite welcoming, so if you're ever in town, check it out.  And the crème brûlée there really is incredible.  I highly recommend it.  Also in this chapter, Bethany Cabe, ladies and gentlemen... plus an Iron Man 1 Easter Egg.  - T
Steve wanted to put his arms around Tony, but everything about his posture said he didn't want to be touched. It was getting cold, they should have brought proper coats, but they hadn't. Steve just stood by Tony, which was what he was supposed to do, and let his thoughts drift. He thought about what he could say to make Tony feel better but came up blank. He felt oddly useless and wasn't entirely sure he'd been brought along. Because he knew Howard? Was that it? All Steve felt like was a witness to Tony's grief- but if by somehow standing here he was making the other feel better, then it was worth it.
or was that something else?  ...you know what, I don't care.  You're obviously gonna do whatever you want and... you know, like you said to that girl at Cartier, you do you.  Y'know? You're a big... omega role model. Nothing drives that point home better than getting an Alpha like me and just cutting him down a ton."
"Neat.  ...is it, like, weird, not knowing who The Beatles are?" asked Banksy, looking over at Steve.  One of Trey's brother had handed him a mixed drink; Tracy was simply shoving a bottle of tequila at him.
March and April passed peacefully, with Steve still working on his omega rights campaigns to abolish conversion camps, and Tony throwing himself into Stark Industries' R&D.  Things were shockingly stable; one night, Tony found himself and Steve in bed, side by side, Tony wearing glasses, the two of them reading quietly together.  He paused to set down his magazine and look over at Steve fondly. "It's like everything just sorta... worked out, huh?" he said. He smiled a little and reached over to put a hand on the back of Steve's neck.  "I'm glad I found you, Steve. You star-spangled son-of-a-bitch." He pushed his glasses up and went back to reading, well aware of the light that glinted off the band on his left hand.
"Steve, I've never worried about a thing in my life," said Tony lazily with a wave of his hand.  He put his arms around Steve and relaxed with a sigh. Knotting was strangely intimate.  It should have felt weird and gross to be stuck like his, covered in semen, but for some reason, it always made Tony sleepy instead.
Natasha, Clint, and Sam had already stormed in.  Tony had finished retching and was currently still in the storage area, in his suit.  Maybe he wasn't in a place where he was capable of fighting, but that didn't meant he was useless.  Natasha had told him to wipe out their communications after the alarm sounded. It had taken Tony longer than he'd liked to hack in, but now he was scrolling through the source code from within his helmet.  The idiots had everything up on connected servers. They might as well have been uploading shit to a Google dropbox.
Steve's mention of age had Tony thinking about Steve's birthday again.  What the hell did you get a guy who needed nothing?  Steve was baffled by most technology, so that was out.  Would it be weird to get him something patriotic, or cheesy?  Steve's birthday was the 4th, after all.  He surely liked patriotic things; he was Captain America, for crying out loud.  And he had that silly patriotic mug in his old apartment...
"You pay money to get into the auction.  A hundred grand," said Seventeen. "That's how come they start the bidding there.  If we leave, we won't just be on the street. We'll be bankrupt."
an Alpha anyway, right?  That's the whole point, isn't it?  That omegas are strong and can do whatever they want and don't need approval from an Alpha to do it.  ...what a dick.  Besides, anyone,
He was not performing well, he understood this.  The blond was within an arm's reach of him and yet he did know know what to do.
She maneuvered Steve around.  Tony wasn't a super soldier by any stretch of the imagination, but adrenaline had done its job and he had managed to give Steve a rather large bump on his head when he'd brought the potted plant down on it.  Pepper looked over at the orchid lying on the floor. "Sam... can you put that in a glass or something?" she asked. "And clean up these shards so no one else gets cut? ...get him some water... Steve? Steve, if you're going to be sick, you need to let me know, okay?"  She tried to move his head so that he was looking at her, but his eyes weren't focusing and he was mumbling a stream of apologies without acknowledging anything she was saying.
"Hey, buddy," said Rhodey delicately when he walked into the lodge.  Pepper had clued him in to Tony's hideout.
"I hate to admit this, Steve, but... money can't solve everything.  You'd better hope those omegas walk out of there.  Or else we might not be able to help them."
wrong with this shirt," snapped Tony, who had no better reply.  He reached for a piece of cantaloupe; Pepper swatted his hand away.
"Please. Please I want it. Tony I want it. I want you to fill me up, Alpha, please. I love it. Love being so full of you," Steve panted, head ducked down between his biceps as he moaned loudly. He clenched around Tony as he drew out, teasing at his cock. And then when Tony thrust inside again and twisted his wrist Steve came with a groan, spilling onto Tony's hand and the bed sheets beneath them.
A spasm racked through Steve was the his metabolism fought against the stimulation. He cried out and convulsed, trembling in Tony's grip. He gasped. The pain receded as quickly as it came and arousal was in its place again. The guy said ten minutes, but maybe he was lying. And how would he even really know for sure? And even if the 'heat' faded down wouldn't they both still be left awkwardly frustrated?
"For once Captain, stop fighting.  Just relax. I can see and smell how much you like this.  This is what your kind was designed for, you know. Without the serum, you're nothing but another omega, one designed to please an Alpha.  And right now, I'm the only Alpha in the room.
hard, but Tony quickly decides that it’s not the worst thing in the world, given that Steve’s allowing him close enough to weave his fingers into his hair and clench on tight.
But, honestly—is he really his? It’s a question he hadn’t even realized he’s been pondering all this time; a question he already has the answer for, because,
Peter shouts Tony’s name as he drops his beat-up yellow toolbox, which has nothing on the top-grade one that he never lets leave his bedroom at the Tower, wrapping his arms around the engineer when he’s close enough to, his forehead resting against the glowing circle that is Tony’s arc reactor when Tony returns the embrace. It’s taken Tony a while to build up to this point of being able to return Peter’s hugs without a second thought, and even still sometimes he slips, but it’s always so gentle, like he’s afraid that by touching Peter he’s going to hurt him, and it’s so painfully beautiful, always, that Steve has more than a few sketches dedicated to capturing the moment. Peter’s hair is short, but it’s growing into a mess already, designating that the time for a trip to the barber encroaches, and Tony will complain about it later, but for this moment he’s more than happy to bury his face in the mess.
At some point, Steve falls asleep on the couch with Peter curled up against him, as he notices firstly when he’s stirred into consciousness, the television still playing before them, casting colors and lights upon Peter’s sleeping face, but he hardly has a moment to think about it before he feels the pressure of a hand on his cheek, but not just any hand—a callous-covered hand that smells too much like engine oil and hot metal and is entirely too soft to be anything other than that of one Tony Stark’s, who’s looking at him as if he wants to devour him in a way that, despite Steve’s supposed resolve, has a heat stirring deep within him.
‘A bit’ is 'a bit' of an understatement, considering it’s been weeks since they had the conversation about Peter’s obvious desire to see Steve and Tony together.
mean” in the most undignified way possible, but he hardly makes note of it, because Peter turns and gives him a look that’s all too familiar for this twelve-year-old’s face, his eyes wide and incredulous as he visibly fights down all possible sarcastic and otherwise smarmy responses that can pop up in response to Steve’s query, his stare almost speaking entirely for him as it seemingly assesses Steve’s level of intelligence, checking to see if the man is as dumb as the question itself seems to be.
“The therapist said something about an innate, latent desire to damage what I perceive to be my own best qualities by way of penance,”
Clint laughs again, and blames their interest on his priest-like celibacy. Steve can’t help but laugh at that one.
“Depending on the couple,” Rhodey says with a shrug, “I was once with a girl who refused to give it up until three years into the relationship.”
“My dad with Uncle Clint?” Peter asks aloud before groaning, “Not a thought I want to think. That’s like setting Fred up with George.”
because it succeeds quite well at forcing him to drive off of the goddamn map, much to his dismay; Peter laughing in the background. Tony punches Steve in the shoulder in response, trying to throw him off in retaliation, but it doesn’t do as much as when Steve bumps his leg and makes him drive right into a banana peel and fall from fourth place to sixth in the blink of an eye.
He gets word the next day that Tony’s made contact with Pepper just before the press conference is about to begin, and he tells Peter almost immediately, because this is something he needs to know, even if it’s from the day of the explosion, because it still means that there’s a chance, a
And, for Tony’s sake, he realizes he can’t act on this love he feels—because that’s the way that he’ll lose him. It’s a painful pill to swallow, but Steve does because he’s a selfish man, at the end of the day, and if this means that the only way he can keep Tony is to never let himself love him the way he wants, then that’s what he was going to do. It isn’t fair, he will admit that—
to the same thing he’s dealing with right now with Peter; that’s not what I’m pissed about. What I’m pissed about is that you have the idea that you get the fucking
, and it’s a vibration that Tony’s not expecting of and has his toes curling, and he can’t help but wish that he’d gotten his pants down past his mid-thigh because he wants to feel the perspiration Steve’s got building up on his shoulders on the back of his thighs, which he’s sure is bit on the disgusting side but can’t really give too much thought towards Steve’s just found his balls and
It’s, admittedly, awkward for the first few hours. Anytime Steve opens his mouth, Peter shuts him right back down, because he’s just not yet ready to hear the bullshit explanation that Steve could possibly have for avoiding him, and Steve knows it even though Peter doesn’t say it that way. Peter might look relaxed, but Steve knew better—the kid is
what I mean, don’t be obtuse,” he orders affectionately, grinning like an idiot at Tony, “We’re with you, Tony. We’re always gonna be with you.” He chuckles softly, craning his neck to breach the final inches of space, pressing his lips against Tony’s own, whispering against them, “We’re with you, ‘til the end of the line.”
Minutes pass. They feel like hours. Maybe even days. Steve’s not all too sure, if he’s completely honest, because it could’ve been mere seconds until the moment that he finally hears Tony whisper,
, he's just doing his best to hide it by keeping to habit as best as he can—and Steve also knows he has no choice other than to allow Peter is abject anger. It’s deserved, especially considering that it’s Steve who’s supposed to be the adult in the equation.
“And do you not think he feels the same way?” Rhodey asks, brow furrowing. The image freezes for the barest of an instant, and Tony feels inclined to remind the other that if he’d taken the Starkphone he’s been offering, he wouldn’t have to deal with the crap connectivity he’s experiencing. Rhodey simply rolls his eyes and reiterates his question.
Tony snorts, and it probably has something to do with the fact that he’s been in the same oil-spotted, ripped old t-shirt the entire day.
Steve’s not even really aware of his movement, but somehow, someway, he’s wrapping his arms around Tony’s torso, lifting him into more upright position and pinning Tony’s hands tightly to his sides, the only recognition Tony giving to the fact being the whine he gives as he struggles against Steve’s strength, but Steve’s not going to release him no matter how terrible the sound makes him feel, especially when the length of Tony’s arms, from elbow to wrist, are covered in jagged tears from his own nails, red and angry and bloodied, not enough for Tony to bleed out, by any means of the imagination, but enough for Steve to know that this is going to leave a mark on the book that is Tony’s arms.
Steve’s not all too good with jokes like Tony is, but he thinks he manages it well when he asks, “What, not even to use the bathroom?”
, it hurts far more than he reckons he should be letting it, and every time he even dares to think of Tony, even for an instance, it just hurts so much
And, he’ll be honest, it’s a little bit unnerving, this growing desire he’s come to have, to make the boy happy. He knows that he probably shouldn’t feel so strongly about a kid that isn’t even his own, and so he doesn’t think about it if he doesn’t have to, it makes things much easier because there’s absolutely no way—
“Don’t do it!” is Peter’s responding cry, grasping on a bit tighter, fingernails nearly biting into the skin of his arm. He’s acting like he’s a lot younger than he is, Steve’s figuring, but he’s also figuring that Peter’s not had many opportunities to act like this in the past; so carefree and happy, and so it’s not so much immature as it is endearing, to Steve at least.
Tony’s got a handle on himself enough to say, after snapping a quick photo once assured enough that Steve’s being careful with the boy, “No one is playing Mario Kart with you, Petey, not until after you’ve done your homework.”
“A lot is an understatement,” sighs Tony, his shoulders dropping a bit, “What happened was a storm of Katrina-like proportions—don’t give me that look, you have the power of the internet at your fingertips; I can’t keep guiding you to the answer when we live in the fucking information age and
?) operatives within SHIELD, killed for knowing far more than what Hydra was comfortable knowing, as far as Steve knows, his mother but mere collateral damage. The accident wasn’t as so much an accident as it was an execution, done on that deserted road from the city back to their estate to minimize witnesses. According to Steve, Howard was on his way home with valuable information that Hydra had been meaning to attain, and so, they took the time to strike—take out Howard Stark and gain the information they wanted. He was supposed to be alone.
with inaccuracy,” Tony says, shaking his head and realizing his own hypocrisy, “But not right now because you just called me gorgeous and little me is a bit thrilled to hear
“Scapel,” Steve says, squinting unnecessarily as he tries to pick out if it’s really Bucky in the long-distance shot in front of him—it’s more likely to be Sasquatch, with the terrible quality of the photograph.
, Peter,” he says, obviously exasperated now from the hounding (and Steve can imagine well enough how he’s rubbing the scar tissue surrounding his arc reactor), and he answers, “Like he’d want some sort of mess like me. I’m not Peggy Carter, after all.”
a super soldier is no big deal at all, “Bullets work the same on him that they do you or me, give or take the amount of blood lost and all. I reckon a good few shots to the right places should be good enough—namely the head and the lungs.”
do it; he can’t live with the pain it’ll bring to him, can’t fathom shouldering the weight of the pain that’ll befall others, because it’ll be
It’s not the case, Steve tells him, unwitting of the turmoil Tony’s suffering. Howard was targeted by Hydra after digging too far into the pasts of his (
“I’m so sorry, Peta-P,” he whispers so he doesn’t wake up the boy, his voice strained due to the agony he feels, “I’m so very sorry.”
So he sings to Tony. He doesn’t expect instant results, doesn’t expect any sort of response from Tony, and he holds him tight despite this, his lips brushing against the sweat-slickened locks of greasy brown hair as he sings, nice and low, so that Tony would only just be able to hear it, allowing it rumble in his chest so that Tony can feel it against his back. Tony jerks about in his grasp, trying to break free, words choked in a tight ball as he struggles to breathe, and Steve doesn’t dare loosen up.
he’d finally given in to Tony’s begging and came to live in the Tower. All that he knows about panic attacks come from the information gleamed off the internet and the few accounts he has in his memories of when Tony’s anxiety gets the better of him, which isn’t too often, thankfully, but he’s also noticed it’s increased, bit by bit, since he’s begun the formal adoption process.
