“Uh huh,” Sherlock said, and if he had any self-awareness, he would have winced at his response. But his cock was leaking too much for any bit of self-awareness.
Sherlock shut his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath, a pained look crossing his face. “I knew that was how you thought of me,” he nearly whispered.
“These feel too vivid to be dreams,” John said. The lines around his mouth were deep. “Please tell me you didn’t kill someone.”
Sherlock stared at him. He blinked and then shuffled some of the papers around on his bed. “All right. If you don’t want to stand there the whole time, you can sit here,” he said as he created a space on the edge of the bed out of the sea of files.
The light switched on, revealing Sherlock. He held his hand where his wound laid under his T-shirt. His skin looked shiny and clammy--paler than it usual, all things considered. His eyes were huge, manic, bloodshot, and his hair was a mess. His mouth dropped open. “John! John,” he stumbled towards him, “look at that! You’re back.”
John’s pulse was heavy in his neck from the effort it took not to grab Sherlock and hold him close to his chest. He had to be in so much pain, and…
Sherlock’s voice told him in his head, but it was difficult to see the mark he left on his beautiful body.
Sherlock shifted and his lips were in his hair. “If you need to hear it, I’ll say it now: I forgive you for everything. I was never very angry with you to begin with, because I knew you were going through so much, and because I’m no innocent.” John felt him tense. “I made you grieve for two years. I think we can both stand to be kinder to each other, yes?”
“Sometime soon, I don’t know. I don’t have concrete plans yet. I was out of work for a while because, you know,” he said awkwardly. He didn’t like talking about Mary with Sherlock. He cleared his throat, “So, erm, I have to open up my practice again. That’ll be a process, but it’s for the best.”
Sherlock made a sound of denial in his throat, but it was weak. He felt like he was glowing, and he wanted to kiss John. He looked at his pink lips. He could feel John’s body heat, and if he moved his head down a little, the tips of their noses would have touched. John loved him. John loved him. John loved him. People kissed when they loved each other, right? John must have wanted to kiss him. Right? Despite his niggling doubts, felt his head tilt down on its own accord.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” he called, making no move to get up. “Perhaps she won’t come in,” he whispered to John.
Sherlock shifted and turned over so his back was facing John. He looked at John from over his shoulder. “Can you…?”
His eyes were shy and his voice was muffled behind his hand. “I’d imagine you behind me--we’re both lying on our sides--and your hand is around me.”
John stared at him, and slowly the guilt started to fade and he smirked. “I guess you’re right. I think, I just want to end it with her and put that part of my life behind me.” His voice dropped in tone and volume, “And start a new chapter with you.”
“I don’t understand why you’ve been so caught up in your dreams lately,” Sherlock said, brow furrowed, “even before I was put in the hospital.”
“Woah,” John held up his hands, flushing despite their reason for being in here in the first place. “Erm, that’s moving a little fast.”
Sherlock nodded, his movements jerky. “I had some hidden,” he admitted shamefully, picking at the fabric of his pajama pants again.
“Neither have I,” he whispered back, voice low enough to send a trickle of heat down John’s abdomen. Sherlock’s hand curled around the hair at his nape. “Can I kiss you again?”
John felt shame pour into his chest. Fuck. He had completely forgotten about Mary. He felt horrible--he was exhausted, heartbroken, and hopeless, but he would never forgive himself if something happened to Sherlock while he was gone. What was John going to do, stay at Lestrade’s forever? He wanted a little more time to himself, to at least try to get his thoughts together, but there was no rational reason he could have protested Mycroft’s demand.
Ignoring his quick heartbeat, John said, “It’s not a matter of growing up, but I do think keeping this buried wasn’t the best thing to do. I am really sorry about your friends, Sherlock. You didn’t deserve that pain, and neither did they.”
. He was already sweating from nerves--sure to be a turn off. He had applied deodorant, of course, but he grabbed John’s cologne from the dresser and gave himself a quick squirt. He normally didn’t wear cologne, but better safe than sorry. What was he
Staring into Sherlock’s eyes, John leaned in slowly, and when their lips pressed together, there was a more sensual air around them. He would have killed to have been able to do this, years ago. He had to let go. John kissed him sweetly, alternating between small pecks and long, spine-tingling kisses. He licked into Sherlock’s mouth, shivering upon feeling his hot, wet tongue, and retreated, kissing the corner of his mouth instead.
“You have the right to be happy,” Sherlock insisted. He normally did not approve of cheating, but John wasn’t really cheating yet, and it was Mary, of all people. Mary, who lied to John about her pregnancy and miscarriage. She manipulated him. If John had sex with someone else right now, Sherlock thought he would be justified. He knew most people wouldn’t agree with him.
Sherlock came up behind him, pressing his chest to his back, wrapping an arm around his stomach. “It’s all right,” he said softly.
A smile lit up Sherlock’s face, and he was laughing, too, and hugged John tightly. This time, he sent them both falling down on the cushions.
“Sherlock, you were fine. It really wasn’t a big deal. I just wish you had told me you were--close.”
“You in these suits,” John answered, undoing the button on the suit jacket. “Always bloody distracting.”
"--but if he is some stalker, I can take him. I'll punch that fucker in the face if he's some prick."
John blinked, clearly waiting for a response, and then his eyebrows lifted slightly, surprised when Sherlock continued being silent.. “Sherlock? Are you in there?”
John nodded back, thinking back to when Lestrade brought him the box of Sherlock’s things when he was still dead.
He looked small, suddenly, and tired. Sherlock wished he could have comforted him. He looked at the bite mark again. Jealousy burned within him.
John sat there for a moment. “I...I feel much better,” he realized. He didn’t feel lifeless. He felt
“I, I don’t know,” John said, holding his head. “I’m trying to remember. I remember, I found you on the floor. You weren’t responding. I saw the blood coming from your chest at this spot. It was like seeing you on the pavement all over again,” he said, pain entering his voice.
If he weren’t holding Rosie, he would have slapped his arm. “You worried me for a second, you wanker!”
That was the key to a healthy relationship, wasn’t it? Communication and vowing to fix things and be better. It would have never worked with Mary because she never wanted to change, and in a way, John didn’t want to be better for her, out of sheer spite. But he knew Sherlock was serious, and so was he. John knew how much Sherlock meant to him; he wouldn’t knowingly hurt him again. He also knew how much he meant to Sherlock, and would try to find happiness for his sake, and for Rosie’s. It wasn’t fair for Sherlock to be saddled with a depressed partner, and Rosie absolutely didn’t deserve a depressed father. He had to do it for them. John had to let go of his guilt and bitterness and fear and let himself love. Being this close to Sherlock made it seem possible.
“Yeah,” John smirked, pushing the other world out of his mind. He remembered the mess in his pants, but decided to ignore it for now.
“I suppose you’re right,” she said in resignation, but just beneath the surface, there was something cold. “I want to stay here with him, though, if that’s all right.”
“Every night,” John confirmed from the other end, rubbing the sole of one of Sherlock’s bare feet. “I’m not saying it means anything,” he clarified, although the back of his mind didn’t agree with that. “But it’s really bothering me. When I wake up, you’re right there, and I know you’re there and you’re not upset, but. I don’t know. It’s getting old.”
“Oh, of course!” she clapped her hands together. “The poor boy must not have anything in his cabinets yet. Can you believe it? He’s back, John!” she exclaimed joyfully.
“Yeah,” he sighed, “yeah, I have. But. I dunno. I know what it’s like, and it’s not a good thing. I wish you didn’t have to go through that.”
Once clean, he got dressed again and left for John’s flat, telling Mrs. Hudson he needed to go out for a little while. He had bit his tongue and called Mycroft for a favor: a moving truck.
bit John’s lip. He didn’t need to ponder who it was. So, John didn’t get much sleep last night, and Mary was kissing him rather forcefully…
His mind supplied a blurry image of Sherlock looking at him lovingly, but with concern as he carried him, and John wanted to punch his drug-addled brain, if that were possible. He supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised, because he saw the footage in Magnussen’s home of the other Sherlock rushing into the fire and pulling him out. Sherlock came to his rescue in this world, too, and John wanted to press a warm kiss to his lips (not that he could even if he had the courage to do so; he still couldn’t move. Did drugs make him affectionate?). But the darker side of his mind came forward, berating him,
“You are,” he said, glancing down at his straining erection, and the sight made his jaw drop. God, he didn’t think he had ever been that hard in his life. His eyes flickered up to John’s. “John, can we go on?”
Sherlock shook his head. “I understand.” He wanted to change the mood. “It’s encouraging that some memories have returned, yes?” he brought himself to say.
John almost choked on his coffee when he opened up a text from Sherlock to reveal a picture of a dead body.
Something shifted in Sherlock’s expression and he seemed to tense slightly. “Please,” he said dismissively, “don’t be foolish.”
Sherlock shut his eyes briefly, a haunted expression taking over his features. “I was sleeping,” he said softly. “I thought I’d heard something. I sat up, but the room was dark, except for the light coming in from the window. The open window told me something was very wrong,” he said darkly, and stopped to take a shaky breath.
Sherlock glared at him. “On the one hand, this behavior is an improvement from how you’ve been acting, but on the other, I want to throttle you.”
She stared at him for a moment. “It’s just that easy for you. Walk away from everything we had move back to this flat.”
John brought their lips together again, figuring it would be easier for Sherlock if both of their eyes were closed (and although this wasn’t exactly his first time with Sherlock, he wasn’t exactly calm, either. How could he be?). He felt warm hands tugging and pulling at his clothes as their lips glided together wetly. He teased and pulled at Sherlock’s bottom lip gently, sucking it, his hand running over his broad chest. Sherlock was starting to pick up the idea of open-mouthed kissing, and was tentatively trying it, meeting John’s lips with soft kisses. John breathed deeply, feeling the familiar tingle of arousal in his abdomen, sending shivers down his body. He was nibbling Sherlock’s lower lip when he realized he was being tapped on the shoulder.
She answered it, wearing makeup and a dress and looking like she had been up for awhile. “Hello, John!” she smiled. “I didn’t expect to see you again so soon.”
Sherlock gave her a brief smile. “Hello. I did.” Walking towards them, he surveyed John. “You...look much better,” he said.
John was sympathetic. “At this rate, you’ll start feeling better soon enough. Just don’t try to irritate the cuts and all that.”
thing. He didn’t miss Mary, and felt like a horrible person for it. He didn’t yearn for her presence at all; he felt haunted by it. He knew what grief felt like. He grieved Sherlock for two long, agonizing years. He had wanted Sherlock back so badly it felt like he couldn’t breathe most days. He left 221B after Sherlock faked his death because he couldn’t handle it, couldn’t handle sitting across from the empty chair in the sitting room and the silence stabbing his eardrums. He felt suffocated by anguish. But now, he wanted to get the fuck away from this flat and never look back. He wanted to slam the door shut on this chapter of his life and forget all about Mary and everything associated with her. He should have felt more grief for his wife than his best friend, right? He wasn’t the person Mary thought he was, and he hated that.
Sherlock was lying beneath him, red from his cheekbones to his heaving chest, arms folded over his flat stomach. He averted his eyes and tossed his head to the side, squeezing his eyes shut. “Oh
Lestrade shook his head, glaring at him. “I’ve been on your side through a lot, Sherlock. I only arrested you during the Moriarty bit because my boss told me to. But this? You’re fucking with a man’s heart. You’re asking for trouble.”
Sherlock grumbled, but didn’t say to change the channel, so John left it on, acutely aware of Sherlock’s proximity.
to know things and see through people.” He looked down at the scarf in his hands. “I can’t figure one thing out. Why did she die the way she did?”
But wouldn’t it return eventually? Wouldn’t he remember Mary, the wedding, her pregnancy, her betrayal, her giving birth, and her death sooner or later? He...he would just have to cross that bridge--or, bridges--when he came to them.
John figured it wasn’t fair to be angry at Mycroft, but it was easy to take everything out on someone. “What?” he snapped, sitting up, Lestrade’s blanket falling to his lap. “I’m not going to ask how you knew I’m here, but do me a favor and fuck off.”
She was shocked. “How hard did he hit his head? For him to think you’re married--I never thought that would cross his mind.”
Mary’s dark eyes were filled with concern, and John thought of how, at this point, she was lying to him about everything from the major events of her past to her very name. It may have just been a hallucination, or whatever the fuck was going on, but John felt his lips pull down in a scowl.
John sat up, ruffling Sherlock’s hair. He stretched, the sunlight from the window catching on his golden chest hair. He sighed. “I’m going to get dressed and leave. It shouldn’t take long. You just take your little after-sex nap.”
John sat in the chair, his left leg on the cushion and his right leg facing up, on his side his body twisted a little so they could both fit.
He truly wasn’t cut out to be in a relationship. Being in a relationship meant being considerate and doing everything possible to make the other happy, and he did the exact opposite. John was right about him. John was always right.
“Bet you never thought you’d go out like this,” he murmured, his eyes dancing with glee. “Did you think he would be there when you died? Did you think you’d die in his arms?”
“She--I denied it, because I felt like it was none of her bloody business, but she knows how I feel about you, and said if I got too close to you, she’d tell you how I feel and that you wouldn’t want to stay friends because you’re incapable of romance.” He groaned and put his head in his hands. “Oh god, I think that’s where my thought process came from. She got inside my head.” He lifted his head, a look of realization dawning on his face. “I doubted you and insulted you because she got inside my head.” He sounded as ashamed as he looked.
“Shit!” John jumped up. He was shirtless, his jumper was on the floor and wet with semen, his pants were soaked with it, and Sherlock’s discarded clothes were in a heap next to the chair--not to mention Sherlock himself was arse naked! Why didn’t they lock the door?
That broke through the ice in John’s stomach, and fire ran through his veins. “And who the fuck are you to judge?” he pointed his finger at Irene, startling her and Sherlock. “You worked for that piece of shit Moriarty, who hurt countless people and nearly got Sherlock killed. You’re a manipulator for a living.” His voice was rising, but he couldn’t help it. The numbness he felt was gone and liquid hot rage was pouring into his gut. Who the fuck did Irene think she was? And
Sherlock was hurt and weak and his head was fuzzy, and he felt like he was going to pass out again. “John,” he whispered.
“I’ll figure it out,” he said shortly. Sherlock hated talking about his girlfriends at the best of times, but now he was injured and running on no sleep. But, John wasn’t in the best mood, either. Maybe he should just go to Mary’s and get it all over with, rip it off like a band-aid. At the very least, maybe Sherlock would be in a better mood when he returned to the flat later.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered to him briefly. “Of course it is. That’s why I said ‘good.’” He pressed his lips together, and in a small voice, small enough to break every inch of John’s heart, he said, “I’m glad you’re here.”
“I suppose it’s the least you can do,” Sherlock decided with a flush on his cheekbones he clearly pretended was not there. God, was the flush down on his chest, too?
about Sherlock. Yet, he truly wasn’t surprised. He was angry as hell, but it added up too nicely for him to ignore. How else would an assassin just so happen to start dating him?
He was glad their hug hid his face. “I dreamt someone captured me,” he said hoarsely, “and sh--they shot me in the forehead.”
“Very,” John said with a scratchy voice, and cleared his throat. He sat up in the chair, the muscles in his back stinging and aching. “He’s lucky the bullet didn’t damage any major organs, but he’d lost a lot of blood, and made things worse by trying to get out of bed yesterday. I told the nurses to up his morphine after that, and he’s been in and out ever since.”
John heard footsteps, and it sounded like they were going farther away from him. The music started again, and there were no more words.
For the second time today, Sherlock felt like his stomach iced over, but this was worse. He and John had fought over the years, but he didn’t think John ever gave such a low blow. His throat tightened, and he let out a harsh breath. He felt...
Sherlock’s voice lowered to a deep, dangerous rumble, and he leaned closer. “Listen to me, John Watson, out of all the thirteen possible scenarios, the one I chose was the safest option for you. I do not regret keeping you safe, but do you honestly believe I ever wanted this? Do you think I wanted to give in to Moriarty? Did you think I wanted to leave the
Sherlock gulped, dreading the story of Mary he would have to tell. “Surely you recognize the significance of the finger your ring is on,” he mumbled, looking at the television.
That stung. Badly. It stung because it had been true up until the moment Rosie was born, and well, maybe a little after that, too. He missed her now, but when he was drowning in his own guilt after Mary’s death, he just passed her off to anyone who would take her, as if she were a pet. Actually, a lot of people treated their pets better.
Sherlock had turned on his side to face him, and his entire face was crimson. John was so tempted to look down and try to see if he were hard, too, but Sherlock looked genuinely flustered. He frowned. “Are you okay?”
Sherlock was looking back at him from over his shoulder with wide eyes and scarlet on his cheekbones.
It would have been better if John sat in his lap, but Sherlock kept quiet and hugged John, their cheeks pressed together. John hugged him back, arms around his middle, and Sherlock felt the flutter of his eyelashes as his eyes closed. “I love you,” he told John.
“Mary won’t have a single trace left in our lives, then.” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “I’m going to remember the shit she did, and I can never fully forget her because of Rosie, but I want to move on. I’m still pissed and wish she were alive just so I could tell her off, but I’m tired of her upsetting me.” John looked down at his finger, as the tan line left by the ring. Was the ring still in his room, where he’d thrown it last night? He had to do something about that. He’d bin it later. “Like I said, I’m still angry, but I consider her a part of my--our--lives that’s over. Can we leave her behind, with the rest of last year? I’m--god, I’m tired of thinking about her.”
“No.” He let go of the bars, arm falling to her side, she stepped closer, so her face was almost against the gate. The glower in her eyes morphed into a look of shame. “I need your help,” she whispered.
“Sherlock,” he said softly, “it’s okay. Sex isn’t difficult. You just do what feels good, listen to your body. It isn’t a science.”
“You spoke with Dr. Watson,” Mycroft chimed in. “Your time is up.” He turned to the guard. “Shut the door and lock it again, would you?”
Things were just...good. Genuinely good, and with no threats looming to take their happiness away. Mary was gone, Moriarty was long gone, and the obstacle of misunderstandings between them disappeared. Sherlock’s parents, absolutely delighted at the idea of their son having a family of his own, readily agreed to babysit Rosie when they were busy with a case that would take several days, and Mrs. Hudson was glad to watch her when they were only gone for the night. It felt like, after years of nothing working out, things fell into place.
“Ugh,” John scrubbed his face, “I was hoping you’d tell whoever it was to bugger off.” He stood up, smoothing out his shirt. “Kinda too tipsy for this, too.”
“Just give me a sec,” John muttered, and entered his room and put on a pair of pajama pants. Maybe he was just being self-conscious, but even in the time they lived together, Sherlock never saw him in his pants, so it was a little weird. John caught a glimpse of the clock in his bedroom, and it was just before seven. Damn, he knew it was early. His tongue felt heavy. Toothpaste. He needed toothpaste. And food. “I’m just gonna pop in the loo for a minute,” he called to Sherlock. He brushed his teeth, used the toilet, and tried splashing some water on his face, to relieve the drained look in his eyes, but to no avail. He remembered the text Sherlock sent him last night.
He walked quietly towards Sherlock, not wanting to startle him if he didn’t already know John was in the room. He reached out a hand, hesitating mid-air, and slowly rested his palm on Sherlock’s shoulder.
But for a moment, John thought that he didn’t have to be the one to initiate a conversation, after all. Eleven days after he went to Baker Street, his phone vibrated. (Was that how lonely he was, that no one else texted him within that time? No use in thinking about that now.) He thought it was Sherlock, but it was an unknown number.
(btw I didn't know if I should tag this as "Graphic Depictions of Violence" since I wrote what was in the episode itself? But if you feel like this needs to be tagged differently, let me know.)
Sherlock opened his mouth for a moment, a curious furrow to his brow, but he shut it and didn’t say anything.
“I’m so proud of you,” John said thickly. “You’ve always been a good man, Sherlock, but you’ve come so far. I love your beautiful heart.” By this point, John was practically rocking him.
The formality was an unwelcome sign that Sherlock was still mad at him. “Did you take anything yet?”
That was when John got a really good look at his eyes. The pupils were dilated--unnaturally so in the bright overhead light of their sitting room. John’s head snapped down to Sherlock’s arm, turned it over roughly, and saw the indication of a fresh injection site on the underside of his arm. Ice dropping into his stomach, John abruptly let go of him in shock. “You didn’t--!”
“You don’t have much knowledge of what she was told to do by Moriarty, I’m assuming?” Sherlock asked.
Well, that explained his making John leave the flat. Sherlock’s muscles stiffened. “What do you mean?” he whispered back.
Sherlock’s lips compressed, and he looked out of his element, caught between him and the crying child in his arms. “I think--I’ll take care of her, yes? You just put away the shopping.” He swiftly walked away, back to the window, bouncing and shushing her in the way John should have been doing.
John swallowed hard, feeling the blood drain from his face. “I...I thought she would make you happy, so--”
Sherlock paid the cabbie and got out of the car, telling him, “Stay here, I’ll be back in a moment.” The cabbie nodded and Sherlock stalked over to the front door. He knocked briskly three times, and waited for five seconds. No response. He didn’t have time for this. Lestrade was waiting! He reached into his coat pocket and retrieved the key John had given him to the house, and unlocked the door.
not with any of his girlfriends and certainly not with Mary. It may have sounded stupid, but god, he wanted to make love to Sherlock.
Sherlock grew alarmed, eyes growing wide. “John!” he gasped, his wild, drugged eyes finding John. “John,” he said gravely, “Mary, John!” The heart monitor began beeping faster, and somehow, Sherlock looked paler. “She’s--Mary!”
“Don’t do this,” John said, and he sounded tired this time. “Please. I don’t want us to fall apart when we’ve only just started.”
Sherlock’s unexpected playfulness filled John with glee, and he simply wrapped his arms around his back and kissed his curly mop. Love never felt this fun before. Sherlock made no move to get up, so John figured he was content to stay there. That was fine by him. He rather liked holding Sherlock. He was warm and solid and
Sherlock looked like he wanted to argue against that, but he declined. A wrinkle formed in between his eyebrows. “You really want the truth?”
Sherlock’s face held a soft compassion which John felt he didn’t deserve. “I know you,” he rumbled. “I know who you are. I know your anger gets the better of you at times, and I know that you were always my moral compass. If you were to do that to me, then there would be a good reason for it.”
He played with the fabric of his pajama pants (a shower and change of clothes would have been nice…). John distinctly recalled confessing his love to Sherlock while he was bleeding on the floor, and though it was unlikely, he wanted to know if his words had been heard. “What do you remember?”
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw Irene pout, and he couldn’t hold back a snort. “Must’ve been tragic for you.”
He huffed with indignation. “She’s acquiring language already. She already knows her first word. Listen.” He held her back so she could look at him. “Rosie,” he called gently, “who am I? What’s my name?”
He knew that. But, he wasn’t supposed to know what Sherlock meant yet. John couldn’t act like he already knew about Sherlock’s reasons behind doing it (although, really, Sherlock never really told him that much because Mary had been there, and John was angry, and the conversation never really came up again. The only thing he found out afterwards was about the snipers). “Why did you do it?” John asked. “I don’t want to know how you pulled it off, Sherlock. That doesn’t matter to me. I want to know why.”
“Does it matter, though?” he asked. “You’re right, but your little doctor thinks you’re off your rocker. Don’t you care about what he thinks?”
Sherlock understood. “That’s how I feel.”  He looked at Rosie, at her innocent blue eyes staring at them, uncomprehending. “Let’s change topics. Back to your other memory, it was right after I returned from the dead. You were still angry with me, understandably, but came with me on a case. There was a terrorist plot on Guy Fawkes Night. The bomb in the train car was set to blow up the Houses of Parliament.”
He placed Rosie on the floor and sat behind her. He reached over and took the first item out of the shopping bag. It was a small plush doll of Rapunzel, the one from the Disney movie. Molly babysat Rosie on occasion, and said that the movie caught her attention for a significant amount of time, considering her young age. John figured this gift couldn’t hurt, right? It was a soft, blonde doll. She couldn’t dislike it, right?
“Doesn’t exactly suit you, either,” he teased, but his mind screeched to a halt. He was thinking of when Sherlock had stubble during the Culverton affair.
To his surprise, John’s features actually softened by a fraction. “Oh, right. Yeah, sure. I’ll be right back.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes so hard that it looked painful. “For god’s sake, John, I’ve said, repeatedly, that romantic entanglement is not for me.”
“Yeah, there are reporters outside,” Lestrade said. “Word’s gotten around that the great Sherlock Holmes is back from the dead. That’s how I found out. Thanks for that, by the way,” he said to Sherlock.
John laughed heartily into his chest. “Sloths have got long arms that latch onto things. You blush a lot. You’re my blushing sloth.”
His chest was heaving. He didn’t know what to do. He--he had to be alone. At least for a moment. He looked around wildly and saw the door to the restroom. “I’ll be right back,” he said shakily, standing up and stalking to the door on unsteady legs. He pushed the door with enough force that it hit the wall with a bang, and he practically fled to a stall and locked himself inside. John put his arm against the door and leaned his forehead on his forearm, breathing heavily out of his open mouth.
There, he had a mission: prove to John that he could be in a romantic relationship before he told him the truth about Mary. Again, maybe intentionally hiding the truth for his own convenience was selfish, but Sherlock never claimed to be a saint. The problem was that he had no idea how he could possibly prove to John that he could be in a relationship. There was a more immediate issue, too: did John even want to speak to him again? Sherlock was the one who kicked him out today. He hurt John, although he hurt Sherlock first. He didn’t even know the next time he would see John if he couldn’t visit his and Mary’s house. She didn’t say they couldn’t text, though. But Sherlock still had no idea how he would start his next conversation with John, after everything that had been said and done today.
“Christ,” John cursed, “how the fuck did you get in here? You’re lucky I don’t have my gun, I thought you were a robber.”
“You shouldn’t be held accountable for whatever mistake I make,” Sherlock said, puzzled. “Obviously.”
“You looked like you were, but fine.” John gave him a tiny nod. “Go on, tell me your symptoms if you don’t feel well.”
“Shhh,” John pushed his soft curls back from his forehead, scooting his chair closer, “Sherlock, I’m fine. You need to calm down”
“I’m glad,” John whispered, turning over and lying on his side. He thought of kissing him on the lips now, but he could also see how large and worried his eyes were. Not right now, not tonight. They both needed to calm down and breathe for awhile. John slid his hand on top of Sherlock’s on top of the mattress. “C’mon, in a few hours Rosie will be crying. Let’s get some sleep. I think we both need to relax.”
John pressed his mouth against his. It was warm. His lips were a bit chapped, but that was fine. It was gentle, but John applied more pressure, inhaling audibly through his nose and deepening the kiss. Sherlock was kissing back, at least he thought he was. He was never very good at this. The last kiss he had was--oh god, with Janine. This was definitely better. Infinitely better. He was finally kissing John, and now that it was happening, he didn’t want it to stop.
John jumped out of bed, running out of the room on unsteady legs. “Rosie?” he called out, not sure if she were here or at the flat with Sherlock. He ran to her room, anyway, and skidded to a halt in front of her crib. Relief flooded his veins.
He gave John’s hands a reassuring squeeze. Their faces were so close it was dizzying, but he had to focus. This wasn’t going to be easy. He spoke quickly, “She lied to you, John, about her pregnancy. She was never pregnant. She faked the entire thing, even the miscarriage, because at that point, she was cornered.”
he thought joyfully. This time yesterday, he had a miserable, piercing pain in his chest. If only he’d known that John wasn’t going to reject him. He still couldn’t quite believe it. They had sex last night (well, it was technically sex, but it was more like Sherlock whined through a handjob and John did all the work). Sherlock’s face heated when he remembered how awkward he had been, but it had been glorious, too, because John said he had enjoyed it. He remembered their conversation, and John looking into his eyes as Sherlock told him that he wanted to take care of him. Sherlock didn’t know how he was brave enough to say all of that, but he was glad he did.
As tired as he was, he stayed awake until he felt John’s muscles relax against him and his breathing grow heavy. He could feel the slow movements of John’s chest against his back. It was soothing. Despite the thoughts threatening to rear their ugly head, exhaustion washed over him.
down and killing him, and he hadn’t even thought of that. Not that he was very concerned, though. He couldn’t bring himself to be concerned.
“Sherlock,” John’s hand grasped his bare shoulder without warning, “you know friends are supposed to want each other’s happiness? Don’t you want me to be happy?”
John did remember how Sherlock’s eyes widened like a little lamb’s, firm confirmation that he cared. He remember Sherlock frantically asking if he were all right as he got the semtex vest off John as quickly as possible.
“Of course,” she said with an air of sympathy. “It’s been two years since you last saw him. When do you think you’ll come home later today?”
John was lying on the bed on his back, eyes closed and slack-jawed, an arm thrown above his head. Damn, they really were lightweights.
“Seriously,” John put down the spoon. He sat back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest, growing agitated. “I want to know your reaction to this. She affected you just as much as me.”
A heavy feeling filled his chest. He knew it was a rhetorical question. His throat felt clogged nonetheless. He placed a chaste kiss on his lips. “I love you.”
“Oh, she started her first day of daycare,” he sat in his chair. It was quiet in the rest of the flat. Were they alone?
John swallowed hard. Maybe clasping a nearly-naked man on the shoulder wasn’t exactly the smartest thing to do, but he thought that it would have been even more awkward for them if he took his hand off, though, and carried on. He needed to be blunt. He really didn’t want to deal with a tense atmosphere in the flat. Things were hard enough. He licked his lips again. “Listen. I spent years wishing you would have just let me help you for once.” There was only once when Sherlock actively asked--begged--for John’s help, and that was with the Culverton case. All of those years, all of those cases beforehand, and especially the during Fall, Sherlock kept John in the dark. He didn’t know why, to this day, why the walls he kept up were so resolute.
“You’re right,” she said, sounding amused. “He went out to a pub after he left your flat, or when you threw him out of your flat.”
“No,” he said honestly. “There was no other option. Do you regret the people you’ve killed?” he asked bluntly.
Hey, thank you all SO MUCH for commenting and leaving feedback on the last chapter. From what you guys told me, I guess the kudos situation wasn't reflective of my writing, so it was just a weird thing? I don't know, but I really, really appreciate your honesty. Thank you. And you guys left a really generous amount of kudos on the last chapter, so thanks again :)
He was going mad. If (when) John found out he moved all of his things into the flat, he would put Sherlock in a straitjacket. Thankfully, John and Rosie didn’t have many belongings; his military experience led him to a minimalist lifestyle, and she only had so many clothes and toys. Plus, none of the furniture in the flat, aside from Rosie’s crib, changing table, and height chair needed to be moved into 221B. Even so, and with the decently sized crew Mycroft sent over, the process took all night.
Sherlock sighed. “I just want to get this over with.” He hesitated for a moment, but thought John wouldn’t mind if he said this. “I’m tired of her. I just want to never have to think about her again.” He felt so very, very tired of everything anymore. To think there was a time when he actually enjoyed a bit of drama in his life. He had been through too much to want anything but John, though.
“You had a plan of some sort for a case. I dunno, the details were fuzzy. But you insisted on getting high. It was bad. Molly evaluated you and said you had weeks to live, and you didn’t care. You kept going and kept using. You were haggard, greasy, and completely out of your mind. You were hallucinating and nearly stabbed a man. You shot up in a bloody hospital, and I didn’t stop you.” John’s voice grew quicker and louder as he went on, and it wasn’t until the end when he realized he sounded way too distressed.
John’s cock was throbbing in his jeans, and he clenched his jaw, trying not to thrust his hips into Sherlock’s.
When John entered the flat, no one was in the sitting room or kitchen. He looked around, confused. Sherlock’s violin was on the table by the window and his music stand was out, but other than that, there was no sign of him.
to hear you make noise. There’s nothing wrong with it. It doesn’t turn you into an idiot. It doesn’t make you any less you.”
John angled his face and deepened the kiss, opening his mouth and taking Sherlock’s lower lip between his. The faintest moan came from Sherlock’s throat, and that immediately made John’s cock stir with interest. He suddenly imagined what it would be like to hear Sherlock moan louder, and John kissed him harder.
“I was...afraid to let myself feel for you before,” Sherlock admitted. He had been frightened that John owning his heart heart would give him nothing but grief. In the end, wasn’t he right about that? “It always came down to my own limitations, but not a lack of desire.” He felt his face coloring.
Sherlock felt someone grab one of his hands, and he heard the sound of metal on metal as the key went inside the lock, and a few seconds later, his right arm dropped to his side as that handcuff was undone, and then his left arm did the same. His arms tingled and his wrists hurt. They were probably bruised, Sherlock thought as he felt the handcuffs leave his ankles, too. He was splayed out on the floor and taking deep breaths out of his mouth.
John’s eyes went over his face as if he were trying to deduce him. After a few seconds, the concern in his eyes dissipated. “All right. Good.” He licked his lips, arms wrapping around Sherlock’s neck. “I really wanna kiss you now,” he said in a husky voice.
“I know why you did it, though.” His lips pressed together. “You were alone and thought she was a good person. Not a former assassin, at least. It’s understandable why you wanted to find another life partner during that period of your life; even when I came back, you were still rightfully angry with me when you proposed.”
Sherlock clamped his jaw shut, his shoulders shuddering from the effort to hold back his tears. He never thought anyone would fall in love with the real him, or accept his big, stupid heart and emotional side. Mycroft was wrong. Caring was an advantage. Caring allowed him to love and be loved by John.
Sherlock decided that he had to leave. If the conversation went any further, then it opened the opportunity for John to defend his supposed heterosexuality. Sherlock didn’t want to hear it. He didn’t want to think about John turning down the flowers, or any romantic gesture, because he was a man. It may come to that eventually, but he considered his mission done for the day. John liked the flowers. That was what mattered now.
John gulped, eyes filling with fresh tears. “It’ll haunt me for the rest of my life,” he said hoarsely.
Sherlock woke up slowly, his mind pleasantly sluggish, his limbs warm and heavy. He released a small, sleepy grunt and smacked his lips. He was lying on his stomach, head turned to the right on his pillow, and he felt a warm weight on his back. It took a couple seconds for his fuzzy mind to realize it was an arm wrapped around him, and soft, long breaths were rhythmically fanning over his bare shoulder. His eyes shot open and his heart kicked happily.
John sighed tiredly. “Sherlock,” he looked up at him pleadingly, his eyes sparkling in the morning light, shoulders slumping. “Come on.”
He picked up his coffee mug again, taking a long sip. He just hoped that things weren’t too uncomfortable between them today. They always lost themselves in a good case, so this should distract them, right? Nothing like a good corpse to get them into high spirits. He groaned aloud. What the hell was wrong with them?
John’s smile was fond. “Because you’re bloody better than Mary, that’s why, and you won’t let her keep upsetting you.”
When he returned to the bedroom, the lights were off and John was on his back with his eyes closed. Sherlock climbed into bed, on his side facing away from John like the night before. He felt John roll over and wrap his arm around his waist, his chuckle low in his chest and vibrating against Sherlock’s back.
He was starting to worry that this timeline wouldn’t have Sherlock here, but then, his eye landed on him.
John closed his eyes, trying to go back to sleep, but his head hurt. He had only spoken to her for a few minutes, and she had only placed a small kiss on Sherlock’s jaw, and she was bothering him this much. He was pathetic.
Sherlock whined softly, taking John’s bottom lip between his teeth, nibbling it gently. He ended the kiss, looking up at John shyly from beneath his lashes. He seemed to remember that his hands were on John’s sides, and he slid them to his back, seeming like he didn’t quite know what to do. He looked down and stared at John’s penis.
Sherlock let out a small, shuddering gasp. He was so pathetic, crying in a hospital bed, obeying the will of his soon-to-be killer. “I love John.”
Shortness of breath, chest pains, racing heart, sweating palms, trembling legs--that would only prove John’s point. “It’s
John’s eyes filled with pain, the corners crinkling as his mouth opened in a frown, “Christ, that’s what I mean. I’m sorry, Sherlock. I was just so surprised; it felt like the rug had been pulled out from under me. I’m giving you the wrong impression.”
It felt like his heart was tingling anxiously. “Are you asking me out on a date?” He hoped he wasn’t wrong.
John placed open-mouthed kisses on his skin, mouth trailing down to a pink nipple. His mouth closed around it, sucking lightly as he could, shivering when Sherlock’s moan vibrated beneath his lips. John felt his nipple grow hard, and he licked it slowly, his own prick twitching. His tongue circled around his nipple, and then licked it directly again. Sherlock was making muffled
Sherlock looked away, casting a glance over at Rosie. His voice was distant. “Yes, we managed just fine without her before.”
John smiled, sighing through his nose. “Well, the point is she’s gone now. She can’t play games anymore. I think it’s best to forget about her…” John groaned and let go of Sherlock’s arm. “Damn it.”
“I’ve had to entertain all three of them for the past fifteen minutes,” he grumbled under his breath.
John took a deep breath and opened the door. He walked right upstairs, not wasting any time, and saw Sherlock sitting in his chair, violin in his hands. He was dressed in one of his suits, no dressing gown this time. That combined with his combed hair and shaved face, this was the most presentable Sherlock looked since Mary’s death. It wasn’t just that he looked presentable; he looked more like himself. In the week and a half since they had last seen each other, it looked like some of the hollowness of his cheeks had softened out a bit, too. He looked
Sherlock felt a nervous kick in his heartbeat. Was John asking because he was uncertain, or as a way to subtly indicate he didn’t want to go?
“God, that’s fine,” John said, picturing it in his head. He could rub himself against Sherlock as he did it, maybe right up against his arse... He needed to touch him now. John took his hand away from his mouth and kissed him hard, squeezing his hand and stepping forward so their bodies were flush up against each other. Sherlock’s fantasy was a simple one, but the fact that he apparently had a go-to fantasy of them together was getting him aroused faster than he would have liked to admit.
“Good,” Sherlock sounded relieved. “I’d rather have my mind clear like this. I was a blathering idiot.”
The funny thing was that after lying about it since he ended up in this world, John actually had a dream about Sherlock.
“I should leave you to it,” John said, not wanting to be caught staring at him with fondness. But, he felt
Hey, guys, I actually have a question for you. So, I got 68 fewer kudos on the previous chapter compared to the first. Now, I've written enough stories to know the first chapter often gets the most feedback, but 68 is a pretty notable difference.
It was short, although he supposed technically, all dreams are pretty short, but for lack of a better word, the dream had no story. John didn’t remember his dreams often, but when he did, they involved memories from the war, or Sherlock falling, or a fictitious variation of those events. This dream was like a disembodied glimpse into the flat, no context, no explanation for what was going on.
He didn’t know how long he stayed outside, but come to think of it, he was actually bloody freezing. It amazed him how much he could ignore his body’s needs when his mind was somewhere else entirely.
John walked towards the coffee table and picked up the baby carrier, strapping it to his chest. He then walked over to Sherlock and held out his arms.
Sherlock blinked quickly, causing more tears to fall, and his frown deepened. “I think--I want--you to hug me?” he asked hesitantly, sounding completely unsure.
“Well, she’ll need quite a bath,” John sighed as he watched Rosie lick her cake-covered hands. “But, it’s once a year, eh?”
When he got back into the flat, he shrugged off his coat and scarf with trembling fingers and slumped against the door, legs close to giving out. He felt absolutely nauseated. He felt shaken. He...he forgot about Lestrade.
His Sherlock and Rosie really did get hurt, but it seemed like their memories were fading. “It’s like our dreams synced up.”
She sighed, crossing her arms. “Just trust me on this one thing--I think you should be up front with him. Trust me.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, happy it was dark enough for his blush to be concealed, although he wasn’t sure what good that did him at this point. “It doesn’t, but,” he sighed, “I like you.”
There was never a wedding for the other Sherlock to experience. Was his wedding really that traumatic for Sherlock, that it broke through the pain of his childhood? Did Sherlock have a breakdown after his wedding?
Sherlock didn’t respond to that. He turned his head towards the sitting room and grimaced. “Do you actually watch that drivel with her?”
But she was supposed to be dead! He saw her die. He put his fingers in her bleeding bullet wound. But John immediately recognized her lavender dress, and he knew where he was: The Landmark. He was at The Landmark, and this was the night he was supposed to propose to Mary. Ignoring her question, his hand darted to his trousers pocket, and sure enough, he felt the hard outline of the jewelry box. John let out a shuddering breath, looking down at the table, his breathing turning fast and shallow.
Before she could speak, John said, “He’s right. Mary, I don’t claim to be a great man, but I think I deserve a bit better than the shit you’ve done. Lying about a pregnancy, really?” John actually sounded upset. “I thought I was going to be a father, Mary.”
Sherlock realized his jaw was dropped, so he closed his mouth, teeth clacking. Dinner and sex. How pedestrian. With John, how wonderful. They were going to have sex tomorrow. They had no supplies. “We ran out of lube,” he blurted out.
John looked him over. “You need to go eat and shower. I still want to talk to you, but your well-being is more important.” That was the old, caring John Sherlock had missed so much. In general, John was more open now than he had been in...well, five years.
I feel like Sherlock's parents aren't used enough in fic, so I went with him seeking help from his mother instead of other suggestions I received, like Janine or Irene Adler. I actually wrote a bit with Janine instead, but it was shit, so I deleted it and started from scratch lol.
John held Rosie in his arms. She was wearing purple pajamas, big blue eyes blinking curiously at Lestrade.
I'm sure it was done before, but I figured having John see the actual wounds to cause the scars would be a bit different and fun :P
John hesitated. “I plan on a proper snog, and I might kiss you someplace else.” His ears heated. Maybe this wasn’t a good idea. Sherlock got overwhelmed just yesterday. “Um, is that okay?” He turned to look at him fully.
Sherlock didn’t want to give any of his current feelings away by texting more than one word at a time. He didn’t want to see John right now. There was a bit of dread in his gut, telling him this conversation would not go well.
And don't worry, John will get there and be with Sherlock, but I didn't think it would be realistic for him to go back in time and jump into Sherlock's arms, so it'll be a process. I actually have this story somewhat planned out, which is rare for me lol
Was that how she survived? Sherlock showed up like a prince on a white horse and saved her? “Saved her?”
John swallowed hard. There was a deep, long-suppressed ache in his chest when he thought about what Sherlock really meant to him, but that was out of the question. Their friendship was barely afloat, and there was no way they would be anything more. Aside from everything else, John didn’t deserve Sherlock’s affection.
“The doctor recommended lowering your morphine intake a week after your discharge, which is two days from now. I know,” he said to Sherlock’s
John cleared his throat. “Um.” He looked at the television. The tips of his ears were turning red. “I did a lot of thinking last night. I’m still angry with you for faking your death. It still feels recent for me.”
“It’s clearly not,” John said, and his tone was hushed, and remorseful. “Fuck, I’m a twat. I’m sorry, Sherlock. It wasn’t right of me to say that, to attack you for just being you.”
He hugged her to his chest again, feeling the warmth of her against his heart. God, he didn’t know how much he missed Rosie, and really wanted to take care of her. “You hungry, hm? You need a nappy change?”
Sherlock half-heartedly rolled his eyes while dramatically cocking his head to the side, causing his fringe to fall into his eyes. The move was completely silly, and quite a bit cute.
Sherlock sniffed, ducking his head and wiping his eye with his wrist. “Sorry for crying,” he muttered.
John was still frozen, or at least that was what it felt like. Mary worked for Moriarty. The whole time. She knew. She knew Moriarty was the one who tore their lives apart…
. He spent so much time being angry over this, but always, no matter the situation, his anger was merely a shield for his sorrow. The anger was gone. Now, he felt like he could cry. He didn’t know if any of this was actually happening, but he wanted to voice what he wanted to say this first time. “You left me,” John said, voice trembling. “You left me for two years. How--
Sherlock licked his lips and swallowed, blinking. After a pause, he said, “You had the right idea earlier.” And then he was curling his arms around John, burying his face into his neck and shoulder.
John was looking down at him, looking more concerned than Sherlock thought he ever saw him, but there was the restraint of a soldier there, too. Sherlock didn’t think he would see John again, and the relief made his eyes flood with tears.
John wiped his eye on his sleeve. “Yeah, you’re right, okay? You’re right. But I had no right to hit you the way I did.” He stared at Sherlock for a moment. “Look, I thought you were going to stab Smith, so I tried to snap you out of it. But I took it too far, and I’m sorry. And it’s not just that,” he said when Sherlock was about to speak. His face was red from crying, but then the tips of his ears turned scarlet, too. He sniffed. “The sound of you telling that monster you…” He cleared his throat. “That you...that you love me…”
John ran a hand through his damp curls, giving him time. His own heart was still beating fast and he felt a little overwhelmed. He’d just had sex with the man of his dreams.
Sherlock gazed at him very seriously all of a sudden, his light eyes intense, but not harsh. “John,” he rumbled.
“I believe it has something to do with the amount of restraint we put on ourselves for the greater part of our relationship.”
John held him even tighter, but he was sure he was shaking, too. When he used to fantasize about this, they would have started snogging passionately like in a cheesy novel, but they were too damn emotionally worn out for that. They were frail after all this time. John did want to kiss him, but he needed to hold him more. Hell,
There was a small grunt, and John startled out of his trance. God, he was tired, but too worked up and worried to sleep. He rubbed his eyes and looked at Sherlock.
Sherlock snuffled in his sleep, and he tucked his hand under his chin. His curls were splayed messily over his forehead, and John wanted to smooth them out. He didn’t, fearing he’d wake him, and felt, again, for the millionth time in his life, how besotted he was with Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked a couple times. “Well, that would be nice, but you didn’t answer my question. A prison?” he asked.
Sherlock’s mouth was open in shock. “John. I don’t think anyone has surprised me as much as you have in the past two minutes and forty-seven seconds. I,” his voice cracked, and he cleared his throat, “what is going on?”
“Stop,” Sherlock held up a hand, standing, close enough that their chests were almost brushing. He looked pained. “Stop this, John. You haven’t been terrible to me, quite the contrary.”
Sherlock’s bandaged hand fell to his side, and he stared down at John. He didn’t want to appear like he was interrogating John, but he needed answers. “Why wouldn’t Mary do that? Isn’t that what spouses are supposed to do?”
“It’s okay,” John whispered in his ear. “You’re safe now. I won’t let her hurt you anymore,” his voice cracked at the end. His warm hand ran down Sherlock’s back. “Am I hurting you?”
Then, the oddest thing happened to Sherlock’s face. He blinked slowly, and then his eyebrows and mouth turned downwards slowly, deliberately, forming a scowl. A flame ignited in his eyes, and his teeth were bared. “For
“John’s a private man,” Mary said. “Maybe it’s someone he knew from the army, but doesn’t want to talk about, although he’s told me all about Sholto.”
“No,” Sherlock whimpered. “No, please keep doing it.” He closed his eyes and cried into John’s collarbone. Everything hurt and he was overwhelmed. The fact that Mary loathed him so much didn’t surprise him, but it hurt, because she was right. He trusted people too easily. He trusted her once, and trusted her to go away this time around. He was tired of her trying to ruin his life. He was tired of her trying to
Thank you sooooooooooooooo much for getting this over 400 kudos! Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!
Anyway, I *think* the next chapter is the last one, and don't worry, there will be Sex. Thank you all for reading along this far <3
Sherlock shook his head. “But, it isn’t just your well-being--don’t misunderstand me, John; I always care about you and if you’re all right, but I’m a selfish man, too. You were only my friend then, and--you saw my face, John. I was terrified when you were in such danger.”
Sherlock exhaled slowly. “Anyway, I got out of bed,” he went on in a small voice, “and…” His lower lip trembled imperceptibly.
He remembered the flash of smugness he saw on Mary’s face earlier, after the initial shock and anger passed.
He was angry at himself for not realizing what was going on. John wasn’t answering his phone or the door, and music was coming from the bedroom? He should have known what they were doing. But, he was inexperienced completely in that area, so he didn’t know. He didn’t know. He was forty and he didn’t know. A blush of shame bloomed on his cheeks. It was just another way Mary was a superior partner for John, he supposed. She knew about sex. He didn’t. He was pathetic. A fifteen year-old would have been able to know what was going on. They were married. That’s what married people do: have sex. Except, he thought...
What would instantly make Sherlock weak in the knees? As much as the thought of Sherlock hard and desperate was turning John on, he didn’t think they were ready for any penetration just yet; they had to work up to it more, he thought, especially since he never did that with a man. Never doing something with a man gave John an idea. “I can suck you off.”
“No,” he said quickly, not wanting John to hear him. “I’m fine. Just give that note to him.” He left the clinic and went to the park, sitting down on a bench close to the entrance. He put his hands in his pockets, the March wind chilly and probably whipping his hair around. He didn’t think he was ever this nervous, not even when he went to meet Moriarty on the rooftop, and not even when he tried to surprise John with his return at the restaurant. He bitterly thought, for what must have been the thousandth time, that if Mary hadn’t entered John’s life while he was gone, then he could have returned to a happy life with John. He reminded himself, however, that if he had let John in, maybe he wouldn’t have committed himself to Mary. Maybe. He really didn’t know. No use in thinking of that. He couldn’t change the past.
Right. John nodded. He considered asking about Sherlock’s back, but remembered he only had his wounds dressed three hours ago, so the bandages didn’t need to be changed yet, and John didn’t want to remind him of his injuries unless he had to. Thinking about it, Sherlock needed more rest. “Go back to bed,” John told him. “It’s still early, and you told me you didn’t sleep before I came in last night--or, early this morning.”
Sherlock blinked rapidly. “O-oh?” his deep voice turned high and squeaked. His lips snapped shut and John giggled (when was the last time he’d laughed?).
Heeeey thank you for all the kudos! I hope you're enjoying this as much as I am, because I'm having a lot of fun with this fic.
Damn. “Sherlock’s in the hospital, Mrs. Hudson. He was shot.” He wished he didn’t sound so wooden, but he was tired of having to tell people bad news about Sherlock’s health.
John couldn't look at him, because if he saw a single tear on that beautiful face, John would have been reduced to a puddle. He wouldn't allow Sherlock to cry over him. He needed to change the subject. He took a couple deep breaths and said, “You shouldn’t put yourself through hell over me. You deserve better.”
He cupped his jaw and looked straight into his eyes. “I’m never going to hurt you again, okay? I want to make you happy,” his voice shook.
John opened his mouth, looking like he was getting ready to refute that, but stopped himself, perhaps realizing it wasn’t right of him to insist on someone else’s feelings. “Moriarty,” he said instead, “I know Moriarty got to you.”
John quickly ate his breakfast, relieved to have food in his stomach again. Afterwards, he leaned his head back in the chair, and let the sound of Sherlock’s soft snoring drag him into a much-needed rest.
When he was alone, he tried to forget about their marriage as much as possible, but going to their shared living space was a reminder of their relationship which he couldn’t ignore. He hated going there and seeing John’s shoes next to Mary’s by the door. He hated seeing one of John’s silly mystery novels next to one of Mary’s disgusting romance novels. He hated Mary’s little knick-knacks. He hated seeing any evidence that their lives were intertwined--their life of domestic married bliss. He only went over there if he couldn’t get in touch with John any other way.
John let go of his face and kissed his cheek. He began stroking Sherlock while planting kisses on his jaw, lips warm and wet (he must have licked them before Sherlock woke up).
John held his hand, lacing their fingers together, and kissed him fiercely. “God, I love you, Sherlock,” he whispered. “Please, I need you tonight.”
John shouldn’t have been drunk at ten in the morning, but if he didn’t get drunk now, then he had no chance of sobering up in time to pick Rosie up from daycare. That made sense, right? It did to him. He was sitting on the sofa with a beer in his hand and staring blankly at some daytime talk show on the television he hadn’t turned off for days. It was utter rubbish, but he didn’t feel like changing the channel. He didn’t feel like shaving, either, and let himself go for a few days. His stubble was growing into a short beard--he always grew hair fast--but Rosie didn’t like it. She whined when she saw it, so he’d have to shave. Later. He sniffed and scratched at the prickly hair on his face with his free hand. It was just bloody difficult to function these days. He had to for Rosie, but he felt like he had no purpose in life. He would have to get a new job after all, though, and find a new place to live, since he sold this place to Sherlock’s cousin…
John meant to sigh, but it came out as a groan. “Thank Christ,” he muttered. “When do you think I’ll be able to move?”
Sherlock remained awake for the next seven hours. The anticipation for tomorrow was keeping his brain active, but it was tainted by the constant thorn of guilt in his side.
One of Sherlock’s hands was gripping the door handle, and the other was holding his chest, and his skin was clammy with sweat. “I wanted--you to come back,” he said breathlessly.
Although it was not new information, hearing it out loud did fill John with the tiniest bit of warmth. “But why didn’t you let me in on your plan at any point? Did you not trust me that much?”
John just stared at him, and shook his head, incredulous. “I don’t get it, Sherlock. Did you really think you’d be able to do this without consequences?”
John needed to tell him. He lost Sherlock almost four times, counting everything that happened in the other world and now (Bart’s, Mary, Culverton, and Mary again). How much longer was he going to wait, especially when Sherlock still had self-doubt? John rearranged their hands so their fingers were laced together. He licked his lips, squeezing Sherlock’s hand. “You said you wanted the
“No reason at all,” John said absentmindedly, taking the phone with his free hand focusing on each picture.
John laughed softly. “The handsome detective with his dramatic coat and his short, retired army doctor--I suppose we do.”
Sherlock shuffled over to his chair, sitting across from John gingerly. He watched John down some of his beer, the lines around his mouth deeper than they were this morning. John ran a hand through his hair, staring into space. Sherlock didn’t really know what to say, but figured that not talking about it was unwise. John was hurting. He wanted to heal him. “What are you thinking?” Sherlock asked.
The car pulled up to Baker Street way too soon, and Mycroft handed John a key. “You left without anything in your pockets, yes? Here.”
Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. For someone who loved to get the last word in, at times, Sherlock could be deafeningly silent.
“Yeah?” he breathed. One thrust felt particularly good and his eyes rolled back into his head and he groaned. His balls were tingling.
She slammed her hand on the bars, fingers tightening around them. “You’re the one who was drooling over him the second he got back,” she accused. “If you hadn’t been practically cheating on me--”
John took a deep breath. He leaned forward, tilting his head to the side, and stopped just before their lips touched, feeling his warm breath on his face. Then, his eyes fluttered shut and he slowly pressed their lips together. Sherlock’s lips were soft and plush. John opened his mouth slightly and Sherlock inhaled sharply. He unfolded his arms and wrapped them around John’s neck, clinging to him, kissing back as best as he could. He was unpracticed, but in no way a bad kisser. He was gentle. John pulled back, placed a firm kiss on his lips, and moved back again with a small
But Sherlock didn’t comprehend any of this as whatever drug Mary injected him with made his brain feel like it was stuffed with cotton, and his eyes closed on their own accord. He couldn’t see or move his mouth to speak, but he wasn’t fully unconscious yet. He felt himself being moved and his long legs were being dragged.
Sherlock shrugged, trying to appear casual. “We could watch telly. It’ll be nice when we can go on cases again.”
Jesus, what was wrong with him this morning? He was barely awake for two minutes and he was getting depressed.
“I don’t know,” John sat back in his chair. “I don’t know what I’m going to do. If this bloke keeps it up and it turns out he’s not some weirdo, maybe--I don’t know.” He sighed heavily, looking emotionally drained. “Well, I guess it’s only fair to give this guy a chance, right? At least for another couple days or so, before I decide to end things. If he sends something else with no indication of who the fuck he is, I'm doing something. It's strange, though. He’s went through a lot of trouble. Sends a different delivery person too, apparently.” He eyed Sherlock. “You really can’t tell me more about this person?”
That shut Sherlock up. He swallowed.. “But that doesn’t matter,” he mumbled, looking all over John’s face again, “I made you cry. I couldn’t do it and that made you upset.” The frenzied rhythm to his speech stopped, and he pulled in a suspiciously shaky breath, brow furrowing, looking guilty. “John, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for everything,” his face crumpled. “I’m making everything worse and I’m making you angrier and I don’t know how to stop. My mind,” he put his hands on his head, “it
Lestrade’s shoulders moved up and down with a long, sad sigh. His eyes moved from Sherlock’s form, and whatever he was about to say was prevented by a deep frown. “Jesus, John, you don’t look much better.”
Sherlock knew that terrible feeling all too well, only worse, because John actually did go off with Mary and marry her. No, don’t think of her.
“Wait,” Sherlock said. He sat up, then threw off his T-shirt. “That was messy,” he muttered, and went back on his side.
Sherlock heaved a long, shaky sigh. He suffered for two years as he took down Moriarty’s web for John. But, no, John didn’t know that. Sherlock never told him. It never really came up. Surely John put the pieces together? Perhaps not. Sherlock planned John’s wedding for him (as painful as that was), went against his heart’s desire and tried to save his marriage, and shot a man for him. Sherlock wouldn’t do those things for just a friend, but maybe other people would. Maybe this was how normal people behaved. He didn’t think that was the case, but he always had a difficult time with what dictated a normal friendship. Perhaps John really didn’t see how much Sherlock had done for him, and Sherlock reminded himself that all of these acts of love might not make him an actual suitable romantic partner. He was still rude, irritating, and insufferable. He knew that.
still grieving her, which is another reason why you’ve taken me by surprise,” his nose crinkled in confusion. “I wasn’t about to tell you how I felt at that moment, even if I did think you felt the same.” He sighed a little. “I’m still wondering if I’m actually high and hallucinating right now.”
“She liked to get under my skin and tease me. Sleeping in my bed--without me in it, mind you--was one of her tactics.”
in front of John would be a million times worse. But, it couldn’t be avoided if he were to have sex with John. He wanted to, he did. He was just scared, and hated himself for being a forty year-old virgin.
“I am, too,” John said. He felt himself coming back to life again, Sherlock’s words and the reality of his feelings finally dawning upon him. “This has been unbearable and I’m tired of hurting you more than anything else.” His palms were sweating. “I wish I hadn’t caused you so much grief.”
“Sherlock!” Mary shouted, quickly removing her arms from being wrapped around John’s neck and crossing her them over her chest to cover her bare breasts.
“Nothing, nothing,” he said quickly. “You have to go to work, yes? Well, you should be on your way,” he handed John his toothbrush and grabbed him by the shoulders, spun him around, and led him out of the bathroom. “Don’t want to be late.”
Sherlock took John’s hand from the back of his neck and quickly kissed one of his knuckles. “John, please believe me when I say that I want nothing more than to be with you. You’re everything to me, John. Let me love you.”
John scooted closer to Sherlock. He kissed the tip of his nose. “I’m glad it’s all over. You’re all healed up, and we can get the hell on with our lives.”
Sherlock looked down at his fingers. “I took advantage of you back then. I thought you would always be there no matter what I did. I never meant to hurt you in any way, John, but I didn’t consider your feelings enough, as evidenced by the Moriarty business.” He felt ashamed. “I’m sorry.”
Sherlock flushed and he grumbled “Yes, well. I had never experienced that particular type of stimulus before.”
Sherlock’s comically befuddled expression turned soft and pleased. “I love you, too.” He crawled off John and sat next to him on the bed. He looked at his hand, covered with John’s release, and wiped it on the duvet.
John and Rosie moved into 221B as quickly as possible. They made John’s old bedroom her own, and started sharing a bed immediately. It was a bit of a whirlwind when they told everyone they were together (the reactions they received ranged from joy to Lestrade’s “oh god, it’s about fucking time!”), but they were glad they decided to share their news with their friends.
“Ms. Morstan said she knew Mr. Magnussen’s information would have followed her no matter where she went,” Mycroft continued. “Additionally, she thought she killed Sherlock, and deemed putting you through grief again enough of a punishment for--to put it kindly--betraying her.”
“Yeah, it was,” he cleared his throat, walking to the bed with trembling steps. “And it’s okay, love. It’s fine.”
him right now. “You were nearly fucking dying to begin with! What inspired you in that massive fucking brain of yours to put your heart at more risk? Need I remind you that you
John’s face was so puzzled that it was rather cute, and Sherlock stroked both of his cheeks. He wanted to kiss the tip of his nose, but figured it might have been a touch inappropriate during a serious conversation.
Sherlock opened his eyes, his pupils blown wide and irises a deep green. His fringe was sticking to his forehead. “John?”
“It's best to stay on your back, though.” It was nice to have Sherlock talking more like himself, even though it came at a price. “I know you’re in pain,” John leaned forward, elbows on his knees, “but I think I’m going to talk to the nurses about keeping your morphine this low from now on--”
“Don’t come here again,” she said plainly. “Don’t come here, accept that John will not always be there every time you need him to gush over your little deductions, and keep the pregnancy thing our little secret, or I’ll tell John.”
“Better safe than sorry,” John said, and took his last spoonful of yogurt. He hoped his face wasn’t flushed. They sat in silence for a couple minutes. Mary had disliked him, but he outright told her he didn’t like her anymore. At least on that, they were on the same page.
Sherlock remembered, again, how John insulted him earlier, and this time, he felt far less angry and much more miserable. He still had no idea how he would fix things with John, and Mary’s phone call only made things worse. His heart felt like a large hand was pressing down on it. He clutched his chest, yet the aching pressure did not go away. He wished he could forget about this entire situation, and the biting words John uttered. He couldn’t forget anything related to John, however, no matter how much he tried. He wanted to go back to the good old days when things were simpler and their lives weren’t torn apart by Moriarty or Mary, when Sherlock’s love wasn’t suffocating him every time he saw John.
He was annoyed. “Well, I don’t really care what she thinks, considering I’m breaking up with her.” It was out of his mouth without a conscious thought, but it was true. He wasn’t going to stay with Mary now. He didn’t owe her anything anymore.
Christ, John didn’t mean to scare him. “Well, I don’t know, probably not, but I want to be careful. I told your brother to find her.”
John’s hair was highlighted in the lamplight, his grey T-shirt stretched across his chest. He still looked tired from being in the hospital, but his cheeks had a healthy flush. He looked handsome, and Sherlock pressed his lips together before realizing what he was doing and reverting to a neutral expression.
“Yeah, guess it is. You still need to tell me why the fuck you faked your suicide.” John rubbed his eyes with his finger. He brought his hands away from his eyes, glancing down at his left hand. “What’s this?” he held up his hand and spread his fingers, focused on his wedding ring.
“I’m more than okay,” Sherlock said, moving his face so it was buried into the crook of John’s neck. “John,” he moaned into his neck, voice deep and rumbling into John’s bones.
She smiled at Sherlock. “Well, I wasn’t expecting to meet you tonight, but I think I’m rather glad I did.”
Sherlock put his hands in his pockets and looked down at his shoes. “Leave it,” he said, words almost muffled from his lips touching his scarf, masking how small his voice really was. He didn’t want John to think about him that way at all, and he felt indignant that John thought he knew everything about him. He lifted his chin, “Why don’t you go home to your wife? Clearly you two enjoy each other’s company, going by yesterday and the mark on your lips.”
“I don’t mean that in particular,” he clarified, “although, yeah, that was obviously a big part of it. The Culverton case aside, I still blamed you, and only you, for her actions. I was up almost all last night, Sherlock, and I can’t help but think that was her final way to get back at you--and me.” It sounded crazier once he said it aloud.
“There she is!” Mrs. Hudson immediately held out her arms. “I can’t believe it’s her birthday already!”
John sank back into the kitchen chair, knees feeling wobbly from standing for so long, and he put his face in his hands. He thought he would feel happy, but it felt absolutely drained. It was just as dreadful as he feared. She completely mortified him, used his grief against him. She hit him where it hurt. Did the other Mary really not care, too? John lifted his head from his hands when he realized the flat was silent. He turned and saw Sherlock, peeking from his bedroom, the door ajar.
Shame wrapped around him like a vice. “I mean how I treated you like utter shit after she died,” he said dryly.
John ran his thumb over the top of his hand. “Of course it was more. It’s just, you don’t have to thank me for loving you.”
John remembered how touchy Sherlock got at the mention of torture earlier in the evening, and how he was frightened enough to grab a gun when he thought a stranger was in his flat. Now John knew why he acted that way, but he also knew that the emotional pain Sherlock felt wouldn’t be temporary. John had been through his fair share of traumatic events in Afghanistan, and years later, he was still struggling with his PTSD. Did Sherlock have PTSD?
John exhaled sharply out his mouth, sounding like he was going to cry, but the tears in his eyes did not leak. “I did like it,” he whispered. “Very, very much.” He licked his lips. “Thank you.”
Sherlock’s mouth twisted unhappily. “John, as I said, you were not yourself. To be frank, I don’t think you’ve been yourself since the day you got married. It only worsened as time went on.”
“Please. I really don’t want her accidentally seeing it.” God, how awful that would be. Simply breaking up with her was going to be a hard conversation, but if she actually saw that he was going to give her a ring and propose? He didn’t even want to think about it.
Sherlock stopped kissing him. “No. It wasn’t on my list of items to buy after coming back from the dead.”
He got his wish, didn’t he? Weren’t wishes supposed to feel happy? Why was he running away? Why was he fucking this up
“I know you will, John,” he said patiently. “You already make me happy. You’ve been through so much,” his voice rumbled, vibrating in his chest and into John’s hand. “Sleep now.”
John did pull back, though, his warm eyes hazy. He grinned. “There. The frown’s gone now,” he breathed.
John threw his jacket on the sofa and cupped Sherlock’s cheeks, kissing him soundly. “Don’t be embarrassed,” he said against his lips. “I think it’s really hot.”
Sherlock had texted. John stared at himself in the mirror. After spending hours blankly staring at his television screen last night, he realized that what bothered him wasn’t the doubt that Mary loved him, but the knowledge that she
“Hey,” John greeted, voice wonderfully deep and rough from sleep. “You’ve been staring into space and petting me for two minutes, you know.”
Sherlock wanted to put his hands on John’s head and thread his fingers through his hair but he still had no idea what to do, and he still felt really sick, and he was still sweating, and his eyes burned as his vision blurred. He couldn’t take it anymore. John still didn’t tell him what how he felt about Sherlock’s confession! “John,” he almost moaned in despair, “I can’t stand this any longer. What did you think when you me say that?”
Where could he go to get alcohol for free? He could go to a friend’s house...He didn’t have many friends, though, did he? He--Lestrade. Lestrade drank. He knew where Lestrade’s house was. John left the pub in a daze, ignoring the patrons asking
Sherlock turned to look at the fire. “Perhaps you should text her. She’s probably worried about you.”
“You’re not. You’re lying!” He actually looked angry. “As soon as he saw Rosie, you should’ve told him about Mary. You clearly haven’t!”
It had been a long time since this happened, but he knew what was happening. “What, Mycroft?” he groaned. He would have been more grateful to Mycroft for dragging home that night, if he hadn’t learned about the rubbish he filled a young, impressionable Sherlock’s head with.
John blinked and gave him a watery smile, and Sherlock smiled back, but his vision was getting blurry again as his mind finally started to accept this as reality. John loved him. John actually loved him.
John had just witnessed Sherlock during an emotional crisis a little while ago, and picturing that amount of grief and pain in an eight year-old child, alone in his room, made him want to punch the living daylights out of Mycroft and scream, kick, and shout. He wanted to march up to God himself and bash his head in for putting that much weight on a child’s shoulders, setting him off on a course of self-preservation and destruction. John was hardly able to handle Sherlock’s death as an adult; he couldn’t imagine that much pain for a child to bear, and he supposed that was the point. Sherlock didn’t deal with any of the pain, but shut himself off.
Sherlock kept his breathing steady and quiet, but his pulse was galloping. If he turned his head, he was close enough to press a kiss to John’s hair, or mouth at his neck. He gulped. He could smell the musk of John’s cologne and feel his body move with each breath. Feeling John breathe against him was surreal, and his mind jumped to a fantasy before he could stop it. In an instant, he imagined lying in bed, John sprawled out on top of him, naked, and his chest rising and falling as he slept on Sherlock after sex.
John began thrusting his tongue in and out of his body, his own cock leaking due to Sherlock’s gasping moans. His inner walls felt hot and tight around John’s tongue, and he couldn’t help but imagine what it would feel like around his cock. Sherlock’s thighs were trembling over John’s shoulders, letting out a moan with each harsh breath. John lapped at Sherlock’s entrance, teasing, and shoved his tongue back into the hot, tight opening, sliding in as far as he could go.
They fell quiet, watching each other, the sound of their quiet breathing only broken by a car passing by the flat outside. With his legs intertwined with Sherlock’s under the soft duvet and sheets in the nearly silent, early hours of the morning, John got the distinct impression that his work was done here. He watched Sherlock’s eyelids droop and flutter open before they stayed closed. Once John was sure he was asleep, he let out a trembling sigh and kissed his forehead.
The darkness behind his eyelids consumed his vision, and he wished the blackness could swallow him whole.
“It was less...elaborate.” He turned on his side, facing Sherlock, needing to look at him. It was stupid, because nothing exactly bad happened in the dream, but John wanted to hold him.
His neck was already getting red, peeking out of the collar of his white shirt (perhaps today wasn’t the best day for Sherlock to decide to get dressed in something other than pajamas). He gingerly sat down in the armchair. “Is there something I should be doing?” he asked timidly.
Sherlock reclined against the pile of pillows on the bed and held out his arms, opening and closing his hands. “Come here.”
“We have quite a lot of information,” he said defensively, “however, she was sufficient at covering her tracks, most of the time.”
If John wasn’t bothered, then it would have only been suspicious for Sherlock to act out of the ordinary. He had to appear like he didn’t even notice how close they were. Now that they were watching a show they actually liked, it was less about laughing together at inane programs, and more about simply watching television, conversation falling away and being replaced with occasional chuckles. It was companionable--Sherlock could do this.
Sherlock didn’t want to tell him now, and not just for his own sake. John was too tired, looked too at ease. Sherlock would give him one more night of thinking all was well. After the truth came out, John might not ever be happy again. He ducked his head, the expression on John’s face squeezing his heart hard. “Nothing, go back to sleep.”
John only stared back at him. He didn’t know what to say. Mycroft was one of the last people John wanted to see; the only person he wanted to stay away from more was Sherlock.
“I stopped dating about a year after I moved into Baker Street, because I knew I couldn’t have a serious relationship as long as I lived with him,” John told her.
John sat down next to Rosie after they were alone, putting his head in his hands with a groan. “Oh god, that’s it, isn’t it? Mary’s gone, but Irene’s here. She’ll be the woman in his life--our lives.”
“Stop it,” he interrupted her. “Did you really think I wouldn’t notice? I will admit that you fooled me for quite some time, but I found out. You knew I did, didn’t you?”
John tried not to look anxious with Sherlock’s piercing eyes on him. “I think it’s just stress. Ever since you came back, my life has been flipped upside down. Not that I don’t want you back, but it’s been hard to take everything in, I guess, and my mind is processing everything in sleep.”
His phone started vibrating on the bedside table. John gulped, wiping his eyes. He reached over, unplugged the phone from its charger, and saw Mary calling him. His stomach dropped.
As Sherlock helped unpack John’s things, he couldn’t shake a strange, ominous feeling off his chest. He couldn’t explain it, and didn’t want to worry or upset John, so he let it go.
“Hey, I like that side of you,” John said gently, nudging his arm, “you can be like that around me. You care about people, Sherlock, and that’s okay.”
Her lips worked wordlessly. She swallowed and her head tilted, eyes darkening. “You never loved me,” she said slowly, as if it was just dawning on her. “I was just a replacement for him.”
Sherlock did, heart fluttering in anticipation as he resettled on the mattress. He then felt John’s arm wrap around his middle and his chest press against his back. Warm breath fanned over his neck, and he fought back a shiver. John nuzzled his nose into Sherlock’s curls and kissed the shell of his ear.
John was embarrassed when he felt tears reach his eyes, but this was far from the most embarrassing thing he’d done that night. Staring at the liquid in the glass, moving a little from his unsteady hand, he swallowed thickly. “I thought…” His voice was rough, and he cleared his throat.
John knew that Sherlock had completely forgiven him for his violent behavior back at the morgue, and he was beginning to come to terms with it and forgive himself, too, but he felt like he
Good. This was a safe topic. Sherlock told John about them, focusing on how annoying Mycroft was and his failed exercise routines.
Sherlock’s breath was heavy and audible. “And I’m sorry for shutting you out, with Moriarty, and with how I always felt.”
Sherlock nodded mutely, holding out his hand. John grabbed his hand, pulling Sherlock up slowly. Sherlock clutched the towel with his other hand, biting his lower lip. It was a little odd to John, because he had no problem waltzing around in a sheet before, and he would have been stark naked in bloody Buckingham Palace he hadn’t caught the edge of his sheet when Mycroft stomped down on it.
With what looked like great emotional effort, Sherlock said roughly, “I want you to. Please. I never wanted anyone but you.”
“Yes, but I assure you I wanted no part in her little game.” He took the computer off his lap and placed it in front of his bent knees. His shoulders moved up and down in an inaudible sigh. “I am sorry for how she--”
“I know,” he said patiently, hand sliding down to his shoulder. “But, it hurt to hear you like that. It really did,” he stressed. “I don’t ever want you that distraught again, especially not over me.”
He let his thoughts slide away when he saw Sherlock. It had been over twelve hours since John put the gauze on his back, and as much as he didn’t want to upset Sherlock, the doctor in him compelled him to speak.
Their lips met with tentative pecks, gradually lengthening and turning into a proper kiss. Sherlock’s lips were slightly moist from when he was biting them out of boredom and frustration earlier (John wondered if he were aware he did that), and he felt some of the anxiety release in his chest. Kissing Sherlock was new, exciting, but most of all, felt right. He told himself to stop thinking of Mary, and focus on the soft sound of Sherlock's breathing and the tiny, wet sounds their lips made.
“Did you like it?” John asked, genuinely curious. Personally, he loved that Sherlock lost control so quickly.
sounded unhappy. John couldn’t listen to this any more. Sherlock’s dejected voice when he did absolutely nothing wrong, did not have try try harder, and it was all John’s bloody fault! Why couldn’t he stop hurting Sherlock? Everything he did made him miserable. Why did Sherlock want him around? When he wasn’t being a waste of space, he was a piece of shit. He walked away from the door, not even caring of Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock heard his footsteps. He got Rosie out of her pram, holding her to his chest when she started to whine sleepily, and went up to their room. He took off her coat and little shoes and put her in her crib to continue her nap. John sat on the edge of his bed, staring blankly at the wall until the room grew dark and Rosie’s cries snapped him out of his trance. He hadn’t felt this lifeless since he returned from Afghanistan.
“I need you now,” Sherlock admitted in a small voice. He grasped John’s arm gently. “Now that we’re together, I feel like I’m falling,” his fingers tightened, voice ragged, “it’s so much. John, I love you.” His voice was cracking, and he noticed it. “Why am I doing this? Why--John?”
Putting his own feelings aside, he made it up to her that night by playing with her and her new toys. She seemed to like the Winnie the Pooh plush the most. Late at night, he was holding her against his chest as she slept in her new pajamas from Molly. “You were the only good thing that came from Mary,” he whispered. “I’m still sorry for cutting your birthday short.”
There was still an agitated furrow to Sherlock’s brow, but sadness was definitely taking over his facial expression. “Yes. You’ve never been skilled at hiding your thoughts.”
he thought, but damn it, he wanted to enjoy some bloody happiness with John! He shooed away his sudden wave of bitterness. “It can wait until we leave bed.”
John teethed at his earlobe. Then, in a rush of hot breath against Sherlock's ear, he whispered, “What if you were fucking me?”
“More or less,” Sherlock looked up at him with a slightly pained grin, his chin on John’s chest and arms around his middle. “Worth it.”
Sherlock took it, and they shuffled into his room. He sat down on the bed, and he took a moment to catch his breath. He certainly looked less greasy than before, especially his hair, but if John didn’t know better, he would have thought Sherlock was recovering from a bad virus.
Sherlock stood up, smoothing out his scarf and coat. “Thank you, but I’ll take my leave. I have something to discuss with Mycroft.”
“Yeah, ‘cause caring is such a bad thing,” John shook his head. He didn’t know what he expected from this talk, honestly. “He’s not over them, Mycroft. I think forcing himself to repress his feelings about it for thirty years had something to do with it, wouldn’t you say?” he asked with as much sarcasm as he could muster.
He couldn’t lose it in front of Sherlock. Not again. He didn’t deserve his comfort. “Not exactly, um, well, hold on. Let me set her down.” He put Rosie down on the carpet, taking her bag off his shoulder and pulling out a few of her toys. He grabbed her teething ring and stuck it in her mouth, completely oblivious. John stood up straight and looked at Sherlock.
John pursed his lips. “So, she knows you exposed her, that you love me, I got an expensive bottle of scotch from someone other than her, and I didn’t come last night.”
John didn’t meet his gaze. “What I said to you in this flat, about you not--being cut out for a relationship. That hurt you, didn’t it?”
Mary’s eyes were welling up with tears, mouth agape, pale as the white walls around them. She stuttered, but no words formed.
John wrapped his hand around Sherlock again, although it was a little more difficult this time due to the angle, but he managed. His cock gave a sympathetic throb when he felt Sherlock start to drip precome. He was so close already. He wondered how long Sherlock would last with his cock inside of him, and John groaned and thrust his hips. That would
When Sherlock got in, he got Rosie from Mrs. Hudson and put her to bed since she already had her dinner and bath. He set her down in the cot he had taken from John’s flat, shushing her whines. Once she was asleep, he sighed deeply and rubbed his eyes, exhausted in every way. What was he thinking? He was in a right mess now, but he had to make it work, at least as long as possible. He had to get rid of all evidence of Mary. The biggest obstacle to that was Rosie, but he supposed he could tell John they just adopted her shortly after she was born. Should he lie and say Mary was their surrogate, and they used John’s sperm, so that he knew he was Rosie’s biological father? Sherlock frowned. A sign of a lie was too many details. Besides, he worried that if Mary were mentioned at all, or if John saw any photos of her, that his memory would return.
“She started fussing while you were in the loo,” Sherlock said. “I figured she was hungry. I don’t know what you feed her in the morning, but I saw this.”
John cleared his throat again, looking a little uncomfortable, and perhaps guilty. “Yeah, um, yeah.” He looked at Sherlock, and his shoulders lowered with a sigh. “Just try not to get yourself killed while I’m gone, okay?”
he didn’t even think anything was wrong. “Everything, Sherlock!” he threw his hands in the air. “For the past three years of our lives. I’m sorry I married Mary, I’m sorry I stayed with her after she tried to kill you, I’m sorry for blaming you for her death, I’m sorry for pushing you away--” he stopped. “That letter,” he remembered. “That fucking letter I wrote you. I’m sorry for that, too. I wasn’t thinking clearly, but that’s no fucking excuse.”
John didn’t rise to the bait, nor did he focus on how much he enjoyed having his arm around Sherlock’s body. Now wasn’t the time. John wanted to concentrate on controlling Sherlock’s pain--and his temper. He could feel and hear Sherlock’s quick, labored breathing. He was in pain.
Sherlock was silent, but he was bouncing his knee nervously. His gaze hesitantly rose to meet John’s. “If we try it, but I dislike it, you will stop?”
And Sherlock, god damn him, his plush lips pulled up into a grin. “I see. I can phone my brother to have his people assist you.”
Sherlock broke the kiss, and he gazed at John with red eyes and a pout pushing his bottom lip forward. There was weariness to his face now. “I only wish this happened sooner,” he said quietly, remorsefully.
getting tired, so I’m going to take a shower.” He stood up and stretched his arms over his head, his jumper riding up and a glimpse of dark, golden hair trailing down his navel and beyond his belt buckle.
John curled his hand around him as best as he could, the position a little uncomfortable for his wrist. “Can you pull your pants down a little?” he asked, removing his knee from in between Sherlock’s legs.
John knew he wasn’t just talking about his health. Whether he was simply being reflective, John didn’t know, but he thought of Mary again. He held Sherlock close, paying no mind to his nudity. Their chests were pressed together, hearts beating in sync. “I do too, Sherlock. I really do.”
“I’m really fine,” John said, but gladly took her back. “But thanks for stopping by, it was nice of you.”
It was an obvious excuse, but John wouldn’t call him out on it. Besides, he needed to calm himself down, and Sherlock did look a bit tired. “Of course. Want to get up, or?”
That's it, folks. The end was more bittersweet than I anticipated, but I think they'd need some time to recover after every fucked up thing that happened to them lol. I hope this didn't feel too rushed, but I think this is a good place to stop. With that said, I think this is my last johnlock story, at least for a long time :( I just don't have any new ideas for them, but I'll miss writing this pairing a lot :(. I started writing them in 2014! Crazy.
He sighed a little, and decided to delete all pictures of Mary from his phone while he waited for Rosie to finish.
“I’ve always wanted this,” John told him sincerely. “Always.” Heart aching with fondness, he started to stroke through Sherlock’s thick, damp curls.
“I see,” he said in a small voice. He was humiliated, and could not bring himself look at John. He closed his eyes, trying to control the pain on his face, but he wasn’t sure he succeeded. There went any hope of repairing their relationship. He worried their friendship was over when Mary died, but somehow, this felt more like a nail in the coffin.
.” He put his head in his hands again, embarrassed that he was breaking down in front of Sherlock like this, and embarrassed he was talking about falling for Mary. Talking about his love life always made them both uncomfortable. He needed to control himself, but it was so hard. As fucked up as his relationship with Mary was, he thought that somewhere deep down, she had loved him. Was that all a lie, too? Why did she even marry him? Why did she have his child?
As soon as John had the glass back in his hand, he started drinking, ignoring Lestrade telling him to take it easy.
A few hours later, Sherlock was discharged from the hospital, and Mycroft stepped into the hospital room with a disinterested raise of his eyebrow and a bag in his right hand.
“Sorry.” They transitioned into open mouth kisses. Sherlock didn’t have much stubble, but it was enough for John to feel on his face. Something about the slight scratch and tingle made him tangle a hand into the curls at his nape and grip tightly. He nipped his plump bottom lip and pulled back when he heard a gasp. “Too much?” he asked roughly.
Mycroft sat across from him, staring intensely. “I won’t ask,” he said, “but I expected better of you, Doctor Watson.”
“You’re ridiculous,” John rested his head against Sherlock’s collarbone, shoulders shaking with laughter. “God, you’re sweet.”
“It’s all right,” he waved a hand, crossing a leg over his knee. Sherlock was glad John was understanding. It wasn’t that he
the embarrassment made me react harshly. But, god,” his ears turned red, “it wasn’t going well. I told you, it almost felt like a last-ditch effort for our relationship. I didn’t really enjoy touching her, and I’m not entirely sure she enjoyed touching me. Later, I was a bit glad you gave us an excuse to stop.”
Damn it, John really was a fucking twat. He needed to stop worrying about his bloody fragile feelings and being so self-absorbed. Sherlock had just been in pain, like he thought; he wasn’t second-guessing anything.
John opened his mouth to answer, but then remembered Mycroft knew exactly who Mary was. He knew about A.G.R.A. Why did he never tell Sherlock or John until it was too late? Why didn’t an ex-agent raise any red flags?
At night, when they climbed into bed, Sherlock stared at him for a long moment before he leaned over and pressed their mouths together, sharing chaste peck on the lips. Then, Sherlock rolled over and went to sleep.
Sherlock looked up at him, a wry smile on his face. “Compared to this?” he pointed to his bandage. “Not an issue.”
“It’s fine,” he held it up. “The wounds are doing well, but I still have bandages on it to quicken the healing process.”
John tried to smile. “I patched you up last night, tonight you patched me up. I scratch your back, you scratch mine.”
John didn’t want to think about Sherlock being on the run, not having time for basic hygiene. “I bet,” he said grimly. His hands were getting a little tired, and he wasn’t going to sit and make sure every follicle was dry, so John removed the towel. “There, is that good?” he asked, voice coming out thickly.
“Sherlock, it’s nothing to be ashamed of. Look at me. No, I mean look down.” It was embarrassing for him, too, to have such an obvious erection tenting his jeans, but he needed to let Sherlock know there was nothing wrong with him.
“Rosie, I know it’s Peppa.” He sat up, then laid back on the carpet, staring at the ceiling. “Even after last night, she’s still important to him. I guess I can’t blame him. After that night in Magnussen’s office, I stayed with Mary...”
John cleared his throat, ashamed, and looked down. “Not her,” he said darkly. “I’d think they came from Anderson before I’d think they came from her.”
But Sherlock knew the answer, and he was part of it. He had to stop thinking about this. He was going to make his distress obvious.
“What were you doing?!” John asked furiously, eyes fierce, teeth bared, vein popping out of his forehead.
He was right, but John was still angry with Mycroft, and he genuinely didn’t want to see Mary. He would have to, though, for Sherlock’s safety. He never wanted her to walk the streets again. “Fine. Let’s make it quick. I told Sherlock I’d get the shopping.”
her, whipped his head around, jaw dropping and face turning crimson. “Fuck!” He got off Mary, but it was too late. Sherlock had seen his broad shoulders, muscular back, bare arse, and the back of his sack. If he were to ever see those parts of John, he didn’t think it would have been like this. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the glimpse he got of John’s testicles. If he weren’t so shocked, his mouth would have watered.
That was another thing. Sherlock was trying not to look panicked. He thought he would have been able to take his sweet time courting John, but his social ineptitude led him to act like a stalker.
“That’s not a ‘no.’” But, as the prospect of drying Sherlock’s hair became clearer in John’s mind, he wondered if it were really a good idea to touch a naked Sherlock. Helping him around the flat was one thing, but…
a distraction from the dreams. Mary was gone, and he was with Sherlock; he was supposed to be happy.
Sherlock nodded, staring at him intently. “Yes, I think that’s the best course of action, if that’s what you want.”
He was too sweet. “Well, even so. I love you, Sherlock.” Once the words left his lips, John felt ten years younger, and he couldn’t help but smile.
It was dawning upon him just how observant John was. “She already calls you ‘dad’ and we didn’t know what she would call me, but then she picked up my name on her own.” How he said that with a straight face without faltering, he’d never know.
When he said nothing, Culverton chuckled quietly. “That’s what I thought. But, why do you need to die? You could have proven yourself right in another way and offed yourself later.”
“I got more flowers yesterday,” John told him, and through the warm but dimmed light of the flat, Sherlock saw the smallest of blushes on his cheeks. “It wasn’t roses, though. Lilies, or something. No idea where those came from, either. But, yesterday, I got a bloody bottle of scotch, and a nice one at that.” He sounded incredulous. “I couldn’t believe it,” he looked up at Sherlock. “I mean, that’s a step up from flowers, and pretty damn soon, too.”
Why? Why was Sherlock taking him back? Why didn’t Sherlock stand up to him, shout at him, tell him off for being the worst friend in existence? Why didn’t he say that things could never be the same between them, and that John ran out of second chances? Why was this man so
That was proof, wasn’t it? She had meant to kill him. She wanted to kill Sherlock because he found out that she was lying about everything. She was prepared to lie to John for their entire lives, and lied more, even after being exposed, and left John and Rosie to go on her little mission without talking to him. They were supposed to talk things through, damn it! Did she not consider him important enough to include? She only sung his praises when he and Sherlock cornered her. Did she really think he was a good man, or was that an act, too? But, actually, it didn’t matter. It didn’t fucking matter. Actions spoke louder than words, and while she said he was a good man and all that shit, she was petty and unreliable. She belittled him and thought she could get away with treating him like garbage. He cheated, yeah, and that wasn’t right, but he only wanted someone else because he was so bloody
John was awoken from a restless doze when the door opened, but after casting a weary glance at the clock, he saw that he hadn’t slept very long. He was prepared to be quite rude to whoever barged in, but some of the tension in his bones eased when he saw Lestrade.
“No,” John shook his head, sniffing, blinking away more tears. His heart was a jackhammer in his chest, rattling his ribs. He was shaking. “I just want you to be all there when we talk.”
he had cried to a serial killer barely ten minutes ago. He lifted his head. He couldn’t lose his composure now. John was coming back. The tears stinging his eyes didn’t care. He wiped at his eyes roughly, then wiped the tears on the back of his hand onto the sheet.
Sherlock gasped and shook, his fingers digging into John’s hips. His grip loosened, seeming to come to his senses, and one of his hands cupped John’s erection.
“I do,” he said. He hugged Sherlock around the middle and rested his chin on his shoulder, looking out the window with Sherlock.
As upset as he was, John couldn’t ignore that deep voice by his ear and warm, naked body pressed against him. He couldn’t dwell on this, at least not right now. If he dreamt of Rosie again, he’d further examine it. He pushed the prickling in his gut away. “You realize you’re spooning me naked, hmm?”
"Well, you say he's safe, but I'd like to see that for myself. If he keeps sending stuff to my office? I want to actually find out who the hell he is."
Sherlock’s head came back up, a small smile dimming the earlier rawness. He was calming down. He bit his lip. “That was a bit fast, though, wasn’t it?”
he hadn’t proposed to her yet. Knowing that she was not who she said she was, and that she would almost kill Sherlock, John absolutely could not propose. John stood up straight and his arm fell to his side, a kick of anticipation in his heart. There was something more important happening tonight, and he remembered it vividly.
“I can see your brain struggling,” Mary looked down at him with a fake pout. “It’s simple, Sherlock. I offered her money to get you where I wanted you.”
It worked. Sherlock immediately giggled, crinkles forming around his eyes. “Shut up. Don’t act twelve.”
Sherlock’s hair was getting curly again, and it was wild. He looked up, and the blush on his cheeks was even deeper, and he was looking at John with a half-lidded gaze. His eyes were darker than usual, but John thought that might have been due to the room, itself, getting dark.
John climbed over Sherlock to sit next to him on the bed, sighing when his head rested against the wooden headboard.
“Yes,” he said immediately, his tone suggesting the question was ludicrous. His eyes were no longer confused, now serious and completely focused.
“Well,” she put her hands on her hips, looking down at the table in thought. “I believe she worked for Jim starting about ten years ago. He praised her as one of his best men--or, women. She was a crack shot. Whenever he needed snipers, she was always there.”
“You’re fucking right it doesn’t make sense!” he shouted. There was fire in his veins, but he felt his face growing pale. “Oh god, what a fucking moron I was. I fell for it. I fell for
John leaned down and rested his chin on his shoulder, arms wrapping around his middle. He breathed in the sweet scent of his shampoo. The ache in his chest was still there.
Sherlock did, and in a swift movement that would have been sexy in another scenario, John easily swooped Sherlock off his feet. John was holding him bridal style, and Sherlock rested his head against his shoulder and closed his eyes, his body aching, head pounding, nose and mouth bleeding from Mary’s punches, throat sore. From what he heard, members of the Yard had to be outside, but he legitimately didn’t have the energy to protest being carried like this in front of them. He felt John walking, and the cool breeze of spring hit him when they got outside. Still wet from the bucket of water, he trembled.
“To be loved by you is better than I ever could have imagined,” John said into his neck. “I always loved you, but I didn’t think, before--I didn’t know how deeply you love.”
Sherlock sighed heavily, rolling his eyes. “It’s because I was mentally recovering from finding myself sleeping on top of you, John. Happy?”
“Your body needs to rest up. I’ll be right here lying with you. We can deal with your statement to Lestrade and all that rubbish tomorrow, okay?”
Sherlock hesitantly placed his hand on his shoulder. “I assure you I didn’t mean to that time,” he said quietly. “It was real.”
“I don’t care,” John muttered, walking into the sitting room and sitting in his arm chair, sighing heavily.
John was vibrating with lust, moving his hand in time with Sherlock’s (uncoordinated) thrusts as best he could. “Sherlock, let me see your face. Please. I love you, and I want to see you,” he babbled against his sweaty temple. “You don’t need to feel shame in front of me.”
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, clad in one of his suits with a dark blue shirt underneath, although his old dressing gown was thrown over his clothes. He was clean-shaven, now, and had showered recently, a far cry from how he looked last week. And yet, he wasn’t well. His cheekbones were still poking out too sharply, his cheeks too sunken, the cut next to his eyebrow fading, but visible. His skin was still too pale, as well, with dark circles under his eyes. He looked like he was recovering from a nasty cold. Sherlock raised his eyebrows, but not in pleasant surprise, it seemed. He looked uncomfortable, a frown troubling his thin face. John only registered this for a couple seconds before he realized someone was sitting in
John snorted. “Yeah, I know.” He realized he was still holding Sherlock’s shoulder, and removed his hand, clearing his throat, instantly breaking the tiny moment of humor.
“She’ll receive an excellent array of knowledge in this flat,” Sherlock corrected, sitting down in his chair. He stretched his legs and nudged John’s foot.
“Yes,” John said gruffly, standing up and shoving his hands into his pockets. “Yeah, that, um, that would be good.”
“Are you in love with him?” Culverton asked. “I wouldn't be surprised. I saw the way you were looking at him. It was quite sweet, really. Until you had a psychotic breakdown and he punched you in the face, that is.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. Everything was beginning to spin, and he would hack up more than blood if he kept his eyes open any longer. He heard Mary walk away from him for a moment, and he sat there with his limbs aching. The blood from his nose dripped down onto the seam of his lips.
John’s arm, which was pinned under Sherlock’s body, was tingling from lack of circulation, so he gently extracted it from under the warm, heavy weight. Sherlock barely stirred, only tightening his fingers in the fabric of the T-shirt across John’s chest.
John let go of his face and wrapped his arm around his waist. “And then, when you fell asleep again while I was in the shower, I couldn’t resist sitting with you again.”
Sherlock chuckled a little. “I knew you were hiding something from me,” he teased, and then his laughter simmered down. “I don’t see any other explanation--not that one you just gave, but the former--so you’re off the hook,” he winked.
John was sitting in the corner of the sofa, leaning on the armrest with the blanket up to his chest, snickering at the garbage on the screen. Sherlock was sitting only a few inches away. He could feel the heat of John’s muscular thigh next to his under the quilt. He was distinctly aware of this, and was trying to inch closer to John, slowly, so their legs would casually touch. Perhaps it wasn’t right of him, trying to touch John when he was in an argument with his wife, but Sherlock had no plans to go beyond touching his leg. He just wanted to make some contact, just the tiniest bit. He didn’t want to try anything with John tonight, not when he was upset, and not when his plan was in shambles.
“I know you don’t like sleeping so much, but, despite the hell your body has gone through, I think the worst is over.”
John gently lowered his shaking legs onto the sofa cushions. He was rock hard, but he pushed it aside for a moment. “Sherlock?” John cleared his throat, and wiped the excess saliva from his mouth. “Sherlock, you okay?”
“Not anymore,” he gave Sherlock’s foot a squeeze. He sighed. He wasn’t sure if he felt that much better, but there wasn’t much either of them could do.
“Perhaps a little overwhelmed,” he admitted, embarrassed. He was forty and he couldn’t talk about sex with the man he loved.
John crossed his arms over his chest, putting distance between them. “I can’t bloody help it, okay?”
John never did enjoy this part. He sighed heavily, then swallowed. He looked up at Mary, thought of their wedding, her smiling in her wedding dress, her rubbing her pregnant stomach. He thought of the image of her in that dress blown up over the houses in Leinster Gardens after she shot Sherlock, how she carried a gun to meet Sherlock that night after nearly killing him, the way she never truly apologized for any of it (he didn’t think saying “sorry for shooting you that time” was a good enough apology, especially when
John realized his hands were shaking. He had to control himself. He couldn’t let himself feel rage, not in front of Rosie, and not in front of Sherlock ever again. He wondered if Sherlock had bruises on his ribs underneath his suit. He cleared his throat sharply.
John stared at him, blinking slowly. He had an expression caught between frustration and surprise. “You’re serious.”
. This had to mean something. They were standing close, within each other’s personal space, and John felt like his heart was trembling. Maybe--maybe there was something more than friendship in Sherlock’s eyes. His mind flashed back to when he was sobbing into his hand in the middle of the sitting room, and days after smacking the shit out of Sherlock, he had gotten up and embraced him. John remembered the warmth of his large palm cradling the back of his neck, cautiously placing his cheek on top of his head. John had hugged people in the past in a friendly manner--not too often, but he had never received a hug that tender from anyone who wasn’t romantic partner. What if he misread Sherlock all along?
We're in the home stretch now, my friends. I worried about there being too much exposition in this chapter, but tbh, we're over 70,000 words in lol. I don't want to drag this out.
Her eyes were glistening and her blonde locks were ruffled. John felt a swell of fondness and kissed her cheek. “You want to play, hm? Let’s go.”
“Arse.” It felt really fucking good to have his head against the pillow. He felt like a ragdoll, tired enough from getting little sleep, and his mind...feeling weird. Things were horrible when he got home to find Sherlock high, they cried a lot, and hearing about Sherlock’s past was a punch to the gut, but he felt calmer now, and better than he did at the beginning of the night. Of course, the main reason for that was finding out Sherlock wanted him, too, but also because John felt like he really understood him now. “I’m glad you told me all of that,” John lightly placed his hand on Sherlock’s atop the covers. “I know it was hard for you.”
“I truly am sorry, John,” Sherlock said sincerely, “for both your memory loss and my actions. I know now that it was wrong of me to leave you in the dark for that long. I should have told you what was going on. It’s one of my greatest regrets. I never meant to hurt you.”
John’s heart constricted with guilt. “I…” He had to be careful. “You might think I’m crazy, but I think I might have an idea who did this.”
“That makes sense,” Sherlock blushed lightly, looking small under the blankets with his hair mussed.
“So am I.” He swallowed, mouth suddenly dry. He turned his head, making out Sherlock’s features in the dim moonlight from the window. “We can just, relax, you know? Take our time.” As much as he desired Sherlock, he was apprehensive. He dreamed about touching him, but to actually have sex with him?
Sherlock couldn’t help but laugh. “John, I was there. You were just as ready to pass out as I was. A client came by and we both fell asleep on the sofa during her story.”
“I know you do,” John said sympathetically, patting him on the shoulder, feeling the need to give Sherlock comforting touches to replace the violent blows from before.
John licked his lips, blood suddenly rushing to his face. He cleared his throat loudly “Uh…”  Sherlock may have been inexperienced and a tad nervous, but he obviously wasn’t stupid. If he was asking this question, then he had to be interested in sex, right? John hadn’t even thought about that yet. What if Sherlock loved him but didn’t want to have sex? He would honestly be okay with that, but a not insignificant part of John wanted to make love to him. “Yeah,” John answered at last. “I was, yeah.”
John didn’t say anything. “Erm, okay, yeah. I guess I haven’t gotten a recent photo of me and her together.” It was ridiculous, absolutely ridiculous, that a single word from Sherlock had sent a wave of warmth to John’s cheeks. He hoped it wasn’t visible. He smiled with Rosie, hugging her close.
“John said it when he woke up, but he said he didn’t know who that was. It’s odd. The mind doesn’t conjure up names it had not heard before.”
Sherlock got off the bed and retrieved his phone from his coat pocket in the sitting room. He dialed Mycroft’s number.
Lestrade was glaring at Sherlock, shaking his head. “You bastard.” He then threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck, not caring about John’s presence.
Mrs. Hudson’s smile was small, but sincere. “You know, Sherlock, a few years ago, I’m not sure if you would have asked that question,” she said quietly.
But then, Sherlock’s phone rang. He pulled it out of the pocket out his dressing gown and rolled his eyes. “Bloody Mycroft.”
John walked in, and bars were separating him from Mary. The amount of security she was put under struck him. Was this a maximum security cell? He didn’t know.
Sherlock came back in with thicker, tan dressing gown around him. “Let’s get down to business, shall we?”
John smiled back, and they shared the quiet moment, the soft afternoon sunlight highlighting Sherlock’s messy curls.
he was touching, and he knew that no one had ever touched him like this before. John saw a pink flush bloom on his chest, travel up his neck, and settle on his cheekbones. He was so sensitive, and,
No sex tonight, then. Sherlock was on cloud nine from that snogging session, anyway, so he was okay with that. He nodded. “Yeah,” his voice was hoarse. He cleared his throat. “Yes, I know you were in bed for a good while, but you still need rest.”
John’s knees were weak, so he sat down in one of the chairs. He put his elbows on his knees, folding his hands and tucking them under his chin. Was it so crazy to assume that his living in this world meant he went missing in the other one? Was it crazy to assume that since he was transported here through sleep, he was able to see into the other world through dreams? He didn’t know how the fuck any of this worked, still, but that didn’t sound crazy. Maybe he was still crazy. Maybe this was all a coma dream. He dismissed the idea, though, knowing that the passage of time felt too real. It didn’t make him feel less crazy, though.
The last time John saw that dressing gown, Irene was wearing it. He shuddered. He hoped It was washed since then.
John could only gape at him. “I don’t understand. I hit you.” In the spur of the moment, he reached up and placed his thumb on the scab next to Sherlock’s eyebrow. “I did this,” he whispered.
“If you must use that terminology, yes.” He was glad it was too dark for John to see his expression well.
His fist shook as he jammed it back into his pocket. “Because I want to know,” he said hotly. “She’s just like you. You’d be quite the pair,” he spat.
“I want to know now,” she said sharply, fire swirling behind her eyes, placing her hands on her hips.
But maybe Mycroft actually felt a hint of remorse, because he said, “Whatever you did--or he did, I can assure you, it can be fixed.”
The tears returned to his eyes. Sherlock knew him so well. It felt like a relief to have someone acknowledge that he was unhappy for so long. He didn’t say anything.
He said nothing and turned to Mrs. Hudson’s flat. He heard a sigh behind him and the front door open and close. He looked down at Rosie. “I’m glad you don’t know what kind of person I really am,” he whispered. He gave her back to Mrs. Hudson, explaining that Lestrade was gone and he needed more alone time with John. He couldn’t even blush when she smiled suggestively at him.
“Unfortunately, this just has to heal. It’s not severe enough to need a stint,” John said, looking at him sympathetically. He tossed the cotton ball into the nearby trash bin, and got another one and applied it to Sherlock’s forehead.
Sherlock held out his wrist, and John put his fingers over his pulse. It was only a hair faster than normal, but definitely a sign that Sherlock was almost sober. “It’s almost back to normal. How do you feel?” he asked.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, his fingers curling and gripping his T-shirt over his chest. They fell into tense silence. John didn’t know what else to say at the moment, unwilling to hear any drug-induced declarations of feelings, and Sherlock seemed to be ashamed. John spent the silence going over everything in his head, but it all left him as hurt and confused and frustrated as before. Considering how many times John woefully misunderstood Sherlock, he didn’t want to make assumptions about his motives anymore. The space on his forehead between his eyebrows pounded.
“Love you, too,” he mumbled. They should have sorted everything out before. This was nice. John’s body on his was nice. It was comfortable. They should do this more often. His breathing slowed and his mind was beautifully silent. He felt safe and loved.
“No, you’re not,” the bitter smile turned fond. “You’re John Watson,” he said, as if that were a wonderful thing, and the smile on his face brought small crinkles to the corners of his eyes.
John looked down. “Oh, yeah.” He grabbed a few tissues from the box on the bedside table and wiped himself off, throwing the used tissues on the floor.
John smoothed out his wrinkled jumper, wearing the clothes he had been admitted into the hospital in. “I don’t know how I’m going to react to seeing her. I’m, I’m almost nervous.”
“I know,” he said. “I’m not dwelling on it, really. I’m just saying, ’cause…” He cleared his throat. “I wish you could have felt loved sooner.”
I promise both of them will explain themselves lol. Sherlock wasn't being entirely honest with John, either.
Sherlock was letting out quiet, unsteady exhales, his breath hot on John’s face. “I can’t be happy without you,” he confessed as a response.
“Only in bits and pieces,” John admitted. “I was wondering something else, too...where are our wedding pictures?”
The remark seemed to be a slap in the face, because Sherlock looked horribly pained. “I’m sorry. I had to. There was no other choice, John.”
John did, with a small little twist in his chest. Sherlock hadn’t mentioned anything about the development of their relationship last night.
Sherlock looked down. Part of it was to play the role, but another part, a part which frightened him, knew there was some truth to what he was about to say.
“You bugger,” John bit his shoulder playfully, though Sherlock was still wearing a shirt and suit jacket, so it didn’t hurt at all. He giggled against, nuzzling his nose into Sherlock’s neck. “I love laughing with you. Mary and I never had fun like this. I don’t think I’ve ever had as much fun with anyone else, actually.”
Sherlock pulled his T-shirt over his head. “You know Mrs. Hudson is going to find out about us sooner or later.”
“Yes.” He cupped John’s cheeks fully and kissed him soundly on the lips. He was over-thinking. If John said he was doing fine, then he believed him. He removed his hands from John’s face and looked down at his groin, now aware of the drying semen. “I think this will dry.”
“I see that,” he said uncomfortably. “I came by because I thought Sherlock could use a good cold case to occupy him, but I can leave.”
John aimed at a trash bin and threw the used cotton ball in it. He reached for gauze, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
. “It’s hard to say since I was in denial for a long time.” That wasn’t a lie. He knew he had romantic feelings for John since early in their relationship, but he kept denying the extent until he watched John dance with Mary at the reception, and he was more alone than he had ever been in a crowded room. “I didn’t think you would return my sentiment, especially after Moriarty.”
Sherlock stared at him, and then shook his head, incredulous. “Why would you kiss me if you didn’t think I’d do it too?” It was almost funny how completely baffled he was, his tone resembling a confused, squawking bird.
They pulled back, but kept their arms locked around each other. Sherlock’s eyes were soft and his lips looked deliciously pink and plump. John didn’t know what to do. He loved him so much, and they just had a much-needed conversation, but did this was the final barrier between them, and he still didn’t know how Sherlock felt about him.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open, and he realized his arms were stiff by his sides in surprise. No, that wasn’t good. He reached up and grasped John’s short hair in his fingers, snapping his mouth shut so he didn’t breathe out of his mouth (
I had accidentally uploaded it TWICE. AO3 kept glitching out on me, and it wouldn't let me upload the story, and I kept pressing "post without preview" because it was late and I wanted to upload it so badly, but I guess it registered that I had uploaded it twice. Then, that created confusion, and some people weren't sure if they were reading the whole story, and so I deleted the version with fewer kudos and decided to write the porny epilogue, anyway.
John wanted to kiss the back of his neck. He wanted to gently place his lips on the wounds and kiss the pain away. He held himself back. He thought of touching Sherlock’s shirtless body before, but never like this. There was no way to enjoy their proximity when the man he loved had been whipped (Sherlock didn’t say that, but John was a doctor; he had a pretty good guess for what caused these kinds of lashes). He had been alone and captured and tortured all the way in a foreign country. John forced himself to expel the image of Sherlock being whipped out of his mind. He didn’t want to start crying again, for his sake and for Sherlock’s. John wiped off the last cut. “Okay, they shouldn’t get infected as long as you keep them clean and covered for a little while. I’m going to get the gauze. Be right back.”
John swallowed, blue eyes dark and tender. “I know you do.” He looked down at the rings again. “I remember dreaming of getting married as a kid. I know that’s supposed to be for girls and not blokes, but you said I’m a romantic, yeah? I guess I always have been. I didn’t imagine I’d get divorced from an assassin who tried to kill the real love of my life.”
“Thanks. I...like I said. I did miss you. The only reason I left this flat was because it was all too much.”
then, but John always thought that would have been too sentimental for him. “Anyway, that’s part of the reason why I’m here. I didn’t want to go home to her. Too stressed.” And she never helped him when he was stressed.
Sherlock forced himself to stop crying, looking back at Culverton with quivering lips and wet cheeks.
Sherlock shook his head. He was so stupid. He couldn’t even handle a simple handjob. Teenagers could handle more sex than he could.
That...would make sense, John thought. Maybe Sherlock knew who he would fancy, in theory, but never pursued anyone as a sacrifice to his work. Maybe it wasn’t that he had no interest in John, but refused to allow himself to have interest? But, god, was John being conceited by entertaining this line of thought? Maybe Sherlock just didn’t fancy him, plain and simple.
Sherlock had gently taken him by the shoulders, and looked him straight in the eyes. “I want to move on,” he had said softly, “from everything. Can we do that?”
“That’s the point, Mary; it can’t be changed. That’s not something that ever goes away.” He paused. “Which is why I think it would be better for everyone if we got a divorce.”
John grumbled, but gave Sherlock his phone, and ignoring the smallest tingle he felt down his spine at
John pressed a small kiss to the seam of his lips. “I think, as painful as things were, our lives happened in such a way to guarantee we’d be together.”
“Why are you so surprised?” Sherlock asked. “You always wanted a family.” John never explicitly told him this, but he deduced it.
And fuck, Sherlock thanking him for simply calling him a good person was too much. John hugged him back, wrapping his arms around his torso, and it was the first time they shared a proper hug in the five years since they met. He felt Sherlock stiffen momentarily, but then he relaxed, and John felt him release a tiny sigh.
Soft footsteps padded towards him and now showered and fully-clothed John placed his hand on Sherlock’s back. “Whatcha thinking about?”
“Stop it,” John chastised, holding him so tightly his embrace was almost painful. “I know it’s hard for you sometimes to let yourself, well, be you.”
Sherlock caught it with one hand, his brow furrowed and the bridge of his nose scrunched up in confusion. When he read the note, his expression changed. His features smoothed out, mouth settling in a firm, straight line.
A hand curled around the back of his neck, holding John there, and Sherlock applied more pressure to the kiss, deepening it.
It was a terrible lie, and Sherlock looked utterly unconvinced. He placed the teacup down on a saucer on the tray. He then picked up his phone, shrugging with one shoulder. “You have ears, John. You know what that was.”
John’s face contorted further, and it would have been kind of funny in another situation. “Lestrade didn’t just tell me, Sherlock,” he said quietly. “He let me listen.”
A memory of Sherlock looking hurt in the office of Sebastian Wilkes flashed before John’s eyes. He felt a pin enter his chest. He just wanted to be
John huffed a breath out of his nose. He walked them into his room, and he lifted Rosie out of the carrier. He really should have put her down for a nap in her room, but he was feeling strikingly lonely after leaving 221B. He needed to be around someone right now. He set her down in the middle of the bed.
“Hm, and Sherlock is playing his violin,” she looked at him, and then back at John. “What did you do to get under his skin?” she teased.
Eventually, the reporters left Baker Street, and when they went back into the flat, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade were talking.
Sherlock couldn’t stay here any longer. Already, guilt was starting to prick at his veins. “I’m...I really should go, John. I promise I’ll be back tomorrow.”
You may have noticed I changed the rating from E to M. That's because I've decided against writing a sex scene for this story for two reasons. One is that I kind of don't think they'd be emotionally ready for that, given everything that's happened. One day in the future, sure, but by the end of this story? I don't think so. Two is writing sex actually doesn't come easily to me, and tbh I just don't have the energy for it in this story. Sorry :/ Thanks for sticking with this story after all this time, though.
There was the problem with Mary. She knew that Sherlock told John the truth. John didn’t go home last night. She must have made the connection. He swallowed. He didn’t know how she was going to take all of this, but he stubbornly decided that Mary couldn’t take away their first morning after. He wanted to enjoy having John all to himself for the morning, at least. They’d deal with her after they got out of bed.
When John returned to the room with a frazzled Mrs. Hudson, he was surprised to see Sherlock awake, but not surprised to see Lestrade recording him.
But, Lestrade was a cop, and a good one with that. John trusted him to keep Sherlock safe. “Stay with him?” John asked. “I’ll run home and shower as fast as I can.”
Sherlock licked his lips, eyes flickering down. “Right,” he said wistfully. Then, he looked down at himself. “Oh god, look at me,” he gasped, half in disgust, and half in what sounded like awe, like he never believed he would be like this.
“I should let you get some sleep,” Mrs. Hudson said, gently lowering Sherlock’s hand back onto the bed.
Sherlock shrugged, and his shoulder moved against John’s. Stupid idea. He drew his bottom lip between his teeth.
Sherlock turned away and closed his eyes for a moment. “Stop apologizing,” he said tiredly. “It seems that our relationship does nothing but go in a circle of apologies that gets us nowhere.”
John tried to shrug it off. “I wasn’t going to let you keep bleeding all over your clothes. The blood could’ve gotten on my arms when I tried to hug you.”
John sighed, getting up, planning on brushing his teeth and going upstairs to his room, when Sherlock’s phone, which was left on the table last night, emitted one sound:
There was a slight pause, his brow furrowing deeper. “You misunderstand me. I want to stop acting this way and be with you. That’s the whole point, although I may not have made it well. I didn’t pull away because of
happy. Why were they having sex? He bowed his head forward and rested his forehead on the pillow. Maybe this was some other aspect of a sexual relationship he didn’t understand. Maybe people who practically hated each other had sex all of the time. Did John like having sex for the sake of having sex? He didn’t know. They never talked about John’s sex life, of course. Sherlock would have guessed there would have had to been some sort of emotional connection, because deep down, he knew John was a compassionate man. Sherlock could admit to himself that he, himself, could only have sex if there were an emotional connection, which is why he had never been with someone. The only person was John, and that was clearly out of the question.
That was fast. “Thanks, Sherlock,” he said, but couldn’t bring himself to smile. What an exhausting day, and it was barely time for dinner. “Does your brother still want your help on that case?”
“Because you told yourself to stop loving me,” John moved closer to him, their bodies brushing up against each other. “Right?”
Sherlock nodded, pulling down his pants and stepping out of them, not taking his eyes off John and sitting back down. His cock was fully hard, long and flushed.
“You know how hard it was for me, all those times?” John played with his hair. “You’d walk around in that damn sheet--the one we’re on top of right now--or sometimes on a case, we’d have to get close to hide, and it was hard for me not to touch you.” Okay, maybe that was oversharing.
Okay, John wasn’t expecting this. He was feeling vulnerable, and his hands nervously grabbed the edge of his sheets. “I, I guess I don’t.”
“You’re enthusiastic,” he commented. “You’re usually not into birthdays. Although,” he smiled a little more, “you seemed pretty happy when Molly and I took you out for cake.”
He was immediately proven wrong when Mrs. Hudson opened the door. “It’s just--” She gasped, hand flying to her chest in shock.
“I see,” Sherlock said, and he felt an awkward weight descend upon them. He averted his gaze. He didn’t want to look at John for too long, or else he would be reminded of what he saw yesterday. No, don’t look at him. Don’t think of that. Think of something else. He thought of how quickly John got here, and briefly wondered if he left the house as quickly as possible for a reason other than urgency to solve the case. No. Wishful thinking. John was supposedly happy enough with Mary to have sex with her. He found that out perfectly well yesterday.
“It wasn’t your fault,” Sherlock said, and he meant it. “You were doing it in the privacy of your home. I was the one who barged in.”
John took another sip of whiskey from his glass, head spinning. He couldn’t even remember the last time Mary said she loved him. Through the brutal honesty of inebriation, his mind allowed him to say something that had been on the tip of his tongue for a long time. “She was a bad person,” he said to the empty sitting room. He exhaled out his mouth, feeling relieved that he finally said it. Mary was cruel. She was not a good wife. She was not a good mother. She was not a good friend. She was not a good human being. If she hadn’t died, then John wouldn’t have felt so terrible over not loving her. It almost felt like she planned her death specifically to guilt him for the rest of his life. He scowled. As improbable as that seemed, it sounded like her.
John took a small step forward so their bodies were flush against one another. “You sent me those things to make me happy.”
John hated how easily and quickly she deceived him. But he couldn’t tell him she was an assassin. He had no proof. “She’s just not for me. Not the one, you know?”
John felt like he was a jealous lover, and his partner had to throw something away from an ex to satisfy him.
“No,” he shook his head, curls tickling John’s face. “It feels this way if I’m up too long when I’m not high, too.”
John swallowed the lump in his throat, propping himself up on his elbows and placing his clean hand on his warm cheek. “You sure you’re okay? I love you,” his voice trembled, “and I want you to be okay.”
John was staring at him, and damn it, he felt angry at Mycroft. He couldn’t even ask him any questions. There was no reason for him to know of Mary’s past yet. He bit the inside of his cheek, immensely frustrated. “I always thought she was hiding something from me,” he said stiffly. “Look, you have no other leads, right?”
his brain supplied unhelpfully. His mind went blank on what to do for a second, but remembered what he liked, and figured Sherlock would like it, too. His tongue swirled around the head slowly, dragging over the flushed, sensitive skin. He curled his left hand around the base of Sherlock’s cock, squeezing it. His right hand was still on Sherlock’s thigh, and he felt it trembling. John looked up at Sherlock.
He bit his lip, looking down at the wedding ring he wanted to forget, but was hesitant to bin for reasons he couldn’t explain. Well. There was certainly someone else in his life who made him a worse person than Irene. He didn’t want to think about her now.
He couldn’t bring up the conversation again without angering Sherlock, at least any time soon, but John wanted him to know that was utter fucking bullshit. There was an ache in his chest, and he suddenly missed the other Sherlock. He wanted to tell him so much.
“Yes.” To change the subject, he addressed the other memory. “The other portion of your dream was a memory, as well. It was back in 2014--I killed Magnussen Christmas Day 2015, by the w--”
Sherlock was looking down at his hands, pressing his lips together. “Yes, okay,” he mumbled. He ran his right hand slowly through his sweaty, tangled curls.
For a second, the cold mask cracked in surprise, but went back in its place. “What are you going on about?”
John’s frown grew deeper. “I know now, but...I’m still in the mindset that you just came back from the dead, so that’s making things hard, too. I’m really glad you’re here, but I’m torn between wanting to kiss you and punch you in the face.”
John rolled his eyes upon thinking that he’d have to deal with that in bed every night, but his thoughts skidded to a halt. God, his tired brain was really getting ahead of itself, wasn’t it? He only broke up with Mary yesterday, and there was his stupid mind saying,
“That’s not good enough,” Sherlock nearly growled, and John was startled by his tone. “He was drunk the other night,” Sherlock said. “He’s...He seems so unhappy.”
John’s mouth worked wordlessly. He cleared his throat and swallowed. “You’re doing a fine job already,” he said roughly.
But, Sherlock had nightmares last night, and there was a good chance he would have more. John was tired, and he knew it was late, but he didn’t want to leave Sherlock, at least not until he entered REM sleep.
“Well,” he cleared his throat, “I think you should really sleep, but if you don’t want to, take it easy today, okay? Want some breakfast? Is there even food in the kitchen?”
Sherlock kept staring at him, and he huffed out a harsh breath, putting his hands out to the side. “Will you really say nothing? Fine! I’ll keep talking. I have no idea why you have always been invested in the idea of me being with Irene, especially when it’s clear that you loathe her. Even in the beginning, you could never stand her, so why did you ever try to push me towards her?”
Sherlock’s neck craned up, silently asking John to explore more. John kissed further down his neck, near his collarbone, and let his tongue come out and lick a wet stripe across his skin. He felt Sherlock’s small moan on his lips, and John paused when he felt his cock stir. Should he stop and calm himself down?
Sherlock had to take slow, calming breaths not to shout at her. “I suggest you find something better to do with your time than call me looking for a fight.”
John felt his body immediately break out into a sweat. “Uh,” he brought a hand up to his mouth just in time to cover a cough, “I wasn’t, er, planning on that right now.”
While pumping Sherlock, John slid his other hand down his lower back, past his arse, and cupped his bollocks. Sherlock groaned, throwing his head back, and John could see that his eyes were closed tightly, a severe crinkle between his eyebrows, lips parted into a perfect heart shape. John’s hips jerked up, his erection brushing against Sherlock’s abdomen. He tugged at Sherlock’s sack, and his eyes flew open.
Sherlock lay there silently for a long moment, his back moving up and down with each breath. He was silent long enough for John to question getting up. Then, he looked at John from over his shoulder, and rolled back over to face him. His erection was still there. He closed his eyes, hands clasped together in front of him, looking vulnerable and small. “I think I want to try it. Touching.”
“You should have known your place,” Mary cooed into his ear, pushing roughly at his shoulder so he rolled onto his back. She stomped down onto his stomach with her heel with a ugly, twisted frown.
Sherlock left the flat and started walking down the street, but he knew John was going to catch up to him. He didn’t even know where he was going, so he would have had to stop walking sooner or later, anyway.
John opened the door right away. “Is it serious?” he asked, and then his eyes filled with a mixture of confusion and concern. “Sherlock?”
“I’m sorry,” he muttered. He didn’t feel satisfied, but there was no way for him to apologize to the other Sherlock for what he did, and there was no way for this one to understand. He had two options: torture himself over it forever, or let it go. It would be difficult to erase his memories and guilt, but if he were still hung up on this, would he be able to be happy with Sherlock? Probably not. John decided that he should refrain from telling Sherlock about the other world for some time. He didn’t want to cause any further arguments, especially when Sherlock was in pain. “Sorry for angering you when you’re in pain, too,” he added.
She huffed. “No, but I’ll make some only because you’ve got company over,” she referred to Lestrade.
Irene was wearing a red dressing gown much too big for her. It was loose around her shoulders, revealing bare skin. Sherlock’s dressing gown. She was naked under Sherlock’s dressing gown.
. It feels like a train going out of control, on the brink of crashing, and I thought the drugs would stop it--”
Sherlock shook his head, and John’s hand fell and cupped the side of his neck instead. “What did we say about beating ourselves up?” Sherlock reminded him.
“I told you he knows you,” he said, controlling his nerves. “If he knows you, then it makes sense for him to know you’re married, yes?”
That alone did the trick. Still unaccustomed to John’s easy affection, the annoyed crinkle between his brow turned into a suppressed, surprised lift of his eyebrows. “As you wish.”
Sherlock gulped. This was it. He got up from the bench, his knees feeling like jelly and chills rolling down his spine, and walked to John. The sound of his pounding heart thundered in his ears. It was winter, but he was sweating under his coat. Did being in love make normal people feel deathly ill?
His mouth was dry, but his palms were moist. Talking and embracing earlier must have helped John after all, because this was the brave John Watson who never failed to make Sherlock weak in the knees. He kissed John firmly, his pulse fluttering.
His eyes shot open (when had he closed them?) and he gasped as he came, his hips thrusting erratically and his hand on Sherlock losing its rhythm. “Oh, god!” he wheezed. His cock just kept pulsing and pulsing. He hadn’t had an orgasm last this long since who-knows when. He grunted and bit into Sherlock’s shoulder, and felt hot wetness burst onto his palm, and he practically felt Sherlock’s deep moan in his chest. As he began coming down from his own high, he lifted his head off the pillow to watch Sherlock’s beautiful face smooth out into pure ecstasy, his plush, pink mouth dropping open as another moan escaped his lips. His body shook and he ducked his head down, shutting his eyes.
John responded surprisingly quickly. Sherlock wondered if John had been waiting for a message from him, but dismissed it as wishful thinking.
John tilted his head up and sealed their mouths together in a hungry kiss, his hand moving up Sherlock’s back to dive into his thick curls. “’M sorry,” John said into the kiss, “are we moving too fast?”
“Yeah. It’s not too bad, but the middle of your forehead looks red and raw.” He looked Sherlock over. “I don’t think you’re concussed.”
“Perhaps there is some connection between that traumatic event and your memory loss,” she observed, her tone detached and clinical. Was that how Sherlock sounded when he interviewed clients? He wanted to tell her to be more sensitive.
There was a slight pink flush on his cheekbones. He looked down and inhaled through his mouth. “She should enjoy herself, is all.” He looked up suddenly. “That’s why I don’t understand why such a young child should be in daycare.”
John brought her downstairs and made her drink one of her bottles, relieved when she stopped crying. After John burped her, he put his hands under Rosie’s armpits and stood her up on the kitchen table, smiling when she laughed.
John grabbed the remote and checked the television schedule. “Oh, it’s a marathon. You okay with watching this for a little while?”
Sherlock pulled back, arms still around is shoulders, and kissed him. He cupped John’s cheek, breaking the soft kiss and gazing at him, an indiscernible look in his eyes. “How did you think I loved anyone else?”
The dark look in Sherlock’s eyes dimmed. “Well. Um. While you were gone, I read that the act of frottage creates excellent friction which leads--stop laughing!”
Sherlock felt angry that this man was able to get away with murder for god-knows how long, only because of his money. This was the moment of irrefutable proof, though, that would be used against him once the police listened to the recording device in John’s cane.
Rosie fussed a little as John changed her into her warm, pink bunny onesie, but otherwise had no protest. He put her into the pram with her favorite purple cat plushie, not just to keep her happy during their journey to Baker Street, but because he would have to drop her off at Mrs. Hudson’s at least for a few minutes. He didn’t really want to put her into someone else’s hands so quickly after his return, but the conversation he was about to have with Sherlock was too serious for any distractions. He was determined to set things straight as quickly as he could, and then all three of them could live a (relatively) normal, happy life.
Sherlock felt guilty. John was right. He couldn’t keep hiding things now that they were in a relationship. “Sorry. I don’t know what’s wrong. I have an uneasy feeling that refuses to go away.”
John pulled him into a hug, wrapping an arm around the back of his neck and pulling him close with another arm around his waist. He felt Sherlock tremor and wrap both arms around his back, fingers clawing into his T-shirt. He lowered his forehead onto John’s shoulder and let out a quivering breath. John’s throat was tight and he sniffled. He felt tears leaking out of his eyelids.
John tiptoed to the door to Mrs. Hudson’s flat, and pressed his ear against it. If they were talking by the door, then there was a chance Sherlock planned on leaving soon. John had to be careful not to get caught.
John came back downstairs after setting her down, frowning down at his shirt. “Well, I was gonna shower anyway.”
“I...don’t think I’m ready to go home yet,” John said to her. “I need time to think. I need to walk around a bit, I think, to clear my head.”
that. It was his fault, too. John was so angry at himself for cheating on Mary and never getting to come clean that he took all of his rage out on Sherlock, and fucking hell, he didn’t deserve that. Then, when Sherlock was practically dying from being high on god-knows what for weeks, John
Sherlock was so happy he could cry. John was waking up. He was going to be okay. He pulled his chair closer to the bed, excitement bubbling in his veins. “Take it easy, John.”
“We’re both lightweights, so we ended up nearly asleep on the stairs after going out for two hours.”
A minute later, Sherlock came in, drying his hair, naked as the day he was born. His eyes landed on John.
of their lips, his eyes fierce. “Listen to me, Sherlock Holmes,” he said lowly, “I am a prick, a complete and utter prick, but I give you my word right here and right now: I will never leave you. Never. I love you, and want nothing more than to be with you. I was acting like a bloody tool, but all of that? It’ll never happen again. I’ll stay by your side, and never hurt you again. This is my vow to you.”
“Yeah, it is.” He gestured to the laptop in his lap. “I was just reading about what the press had to say about the Guy Fawkes thing, and it was like you said. I think reading the details jogged my memory a bit. I remember going down there with you, and the press interviewing you outside of the flat ‘cause you’d just returned from the dead.”
“Again, role reversal here,” John grinned as he got up to make breakfast. He still felt uneasy, but it was probably his own stupidity again. He was the king of worrying about nothing, like when he worried Sherlock regretted last night only ten minutes ago. Everything was fine.
“Rosie really should start sleeping on her own. Would you mind if I started sleeping down here with you?”
John’s hand stopped. Well, that made him feel foolish. He didn’t want to go to his knee-jerk angry response, though. Being impulsive caused problems between him and Sherlock, and Sherlock was hurt in front of him. He wasn’t well. “I would, you know,” he said, going back to carefully wiping the open wounds. “If I could hurt who did this to you, I would.”
John couldn’t deny him. He agreed that the subject was finished, no matter how often the image of Sherlock’s glassy, desperate eyes looking up at him from the morgue floor haunted him. If Sherlock wanted to move on, if it was best for him, then John would do it. He may have acted like a complete and utter twat, but he would still gladly, readily do anything for Sherlock, even take a bullet. He didn’t want to put Sherlock through anymore pain, so he would stay silent.
Sherlock put immense effort into disguising the disappointment in his reply. “Yes, it’s certainly a start.”
“Finally,” John sighed in relief when they sat down in the cab, “we can safely say we’ll never see her again.”
“Lestrade took a video of me,” his nose crinkled in disgust. “I remember it. I was too high to care at the moment, but now I do,” he said indignantly.
John ran a finger down Sherlock’s side. “If she was never caught, it would have been never-ending worry, yeah?”
This wasn’t working. Why the fuck did this have to be so difficult? John sighed harshly through his nose. He had to raise himself up a bit, but he rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, closing his eyes. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s heart thumped painfully. “I never want to leave you,” he told him truthfully, hand squeezing his shoulder.
he say? He couldn’t tell Sherlock that he was crying over his daughter who didn’t exist. He couldn’t have exactly seemed mentally well, running out of a restaurant and sobbing in public, and telling him, or anyone, about Rosie would have probably landed him in a mental hospital.
John was changing Sherlock’s bandage in the bathroom again, and while his hands were on Sherlock’s chest, he felt the vibration of his voice.
Sherlock’s body trembled “I’m not perfect,” he protested, and he was glad his face was in John’s neck, because he was sure his skin was scarlet. “I’m an arsehole.”
John’s lips parted, and this time, Sherlock was certain he saw a blush. “That’s what he’s doing, isn’t it? It’s...Um, it’s kind of nice. It’s nice someone’s going out of his way for me. It’s considerate. Maybe he’s a nice guy. It's only nice if he's nice. But, who knows? He could be some arsehole creeper. Like I said, if this keeps up, I'm going to do something about it. I don’t know anything about him. I--” he sighed and put his face in his hands, “I feel like I’m going out of my mind, actually. I mean, this happened out of nowhere. Suddenly, some bloke is
“I think so, too,” John said. He thought this conversation would have been painful, but hearing someone else say what he was thinking last night actually eased some of the weight off his chest. “I think she hated you,” he said bluntly.
“Why are we here?” Sherlock asked, raising his head slowly, cheek stinging. The image of Mary was blurry in front of his eyes. “It wasn’t smart to bring me here.” His body was regularly shivering from the ice water.
aware of your marital status,” his voice dripped with venom. “I was there when it happened.” Before she could chime in with another obnoxious remark, his voice dropped to a dangerous rumble, “And I am aware that you never carried a child.”
John didn’t look very convinced. “I just don’t know why I’d want to adopt a baby. Did I really change that much in five years?”
“Oh, come on,” John leaned on the back of his armchair. “You’re stressed, I’m stressed, let’s go make each other feel better.”
him. He really thought Sherlock was going to attack Culverton Smith, and John felt like he needed to snap him out of it, but he was so bloody angry, and once he started hitting him, he couldn’t stop.
John was glad his message got through, but had to admit to himself that the response was a little more lackluster than he’d anticipated. But, what did he expect? For Sherlock to get up and kiss him? “My kit’s in here,” he said, trying not to let disappointment cloud his voice. “You can sit on the toilet seat. Need a hand?”
Sherlock looked at him with a softness that made John ache. “No, John, of course not. I’m...happy you’re here. I thought you wouldn’t want to see me for at least three days.”
John breathed out of his mouth, trying to slow down his hammering pulse, but the tears still poured from his eyes.
“I’ll go check who it is,” Sherlock jumped up, tucking his shirt back into his trousers and hastily re-doing the buttons as he left and strolled through the sitting room. This was the most welcomed distraction that ever happened to him. He opened the door and raised his eyebrows. “Lestrade.”
“Do I look bothered?” John asked, crawling over and placing his chin on Sherlock’s knee, smiling up at him.
John glanced up at Sherlock, clearly annoyed that Lestrade was interrupting their evening. Nonetheless, he smiled tightly and said, “Sure. I’ll be right back with her, okay?”
fucking sorry for that day in the morgue. I went way too far, further than what’s in any way acceptable, and…” He trailed off, feeling his throat grow tight. “I’m sorry for ever making you feel like you and your pain didn’t matter.”
“You want to Lestrade’s the night. Well, that night. I know you did, so he must know why you were there. You should tell him we’re together. He’s a good man, no matter how dense he is.”
Sherlock kissed him back, hoping his heartbeat was audible only to his ears. He told his mind to be quiet and focus on the sensation of their lips molding and smoothing together. He wanted to hold John and envelop him, cover him with his body in this bedroom where they were in their own little world. He didn’t know how to go about doing any of that. Maybe he should have taken up Janine’s offers for sex in the past. Despite her being a woman, it still would have been some sort of experience. He wouldn’t have liked it, but would have been prepared for this to a degree. He was lost, and while he was content, in theory, to let John kiss him and take the lead, he was supposed to know what he was doing. If questioned, he supposed, he could say John always took the lead during sex. Yes, he would do that.
John let go of him, smiling smugly. He casually got a tissue from the box on the bedside table and wiped his hand as Sherlock gulped for air and trembled. Once his hand was clean, he hugged Sherlock and kissed the top of his head. “That threw you off guard, didn’t it?”
“Not a chance,” John teased and kissed Sherlock with new vigour, his toes curling and heart fluttering. He hadn’t even considered the possibility that Sherlock would find him attractive, and it felt good. Mary never complimented his looks much.
He must have gotten lost in his head for a good while again, because the next thing he knew, the door opened, and Mycroft stepped into the room.
Sherlock was taking in long breaths, relief coursing through his veins. John saved him. He was here.
Hey, guys. First of all, thank you all SO MUCH for getting this story to over 500 kudos!!! This is the most kudos any of my stories have had by the 9th chapter.
Sorrow coursed through his veins with every beat of his heart, with every second he looked at John’s vulnerable, adoring expression. Sherlock...could not do this. This was wrong. John was about to pour all of his love into this act, and it was based on a lie. He knew how difficult it was for John to trust people, and here he was, with no suspicion and nothing but raw emotion. This got out of hand. It couldn’t happen this way. If it never happened, then so be it. Sherlock couldn’t betray John’s trust
John wrapped his arms around him, gentle warmth flowing through his veins. “Can you even breathe like that?” he asked, lazily running the sole of his foot against his calf.
John bit his lip, and he was sure that if he hadn’t just come, he would be getting hard again. “I did that to you because I wanted to give you relief as soon as possible. It’s okay, we’ve both waited too long for this, right?”
Sherlock made a negative sound in his throat. Sitting up to swallow a pill and some water was too much effort.
Sherlock put his phone back on the bedside table with a shaking hand. He rubbed his eyes, sinking into his mattress. That was terrible. He felt worse than he did three hours ago. If Mary thought that revealing Sherlock’s feelings would ruin his friendship with John, then that had to be proof that John didn’t feel the same way.
“Well. I do apologize. I was not thinking clearly and did not consider Lestrade would hear it, or that he would tell you.” He had no idea how the hell he managed to form complete sentences. Perhaps he was simply used to heartbreak by this point. He should have known his confession would have been heard by Lestrade, but only unrequited love and the creeping hands of death were on his mind at the time.
Sherlock lowered his hand with his phone slowly, eyes skeptical. “Two years have passed, and you’re still relentlessly invasive into my personal affairs.”
Sherlock blinked slowly. He held John’s (now clean) hand and brought it to his lips, kissing it softly. “We can be us again.”
“And neither am I,” Sherlock told him. “We’re all human, John. If you’re unhappy with her, then you have every right to leave her.”
“But I wasn’t,” he cut in. “I hurt you because I was angry at myself. I was angry for being a shit husband and I took it out on you. That wasn’t right, Sherlock. Why don’t you ever stand up for yourself?”
Sherlock laughed through his nose. “Of course.” He opened his eyes, a hint of hesitancy in his gaze. “Can we do it one more time?”
Sherlock took deep breaths, and when he tried to bring his hands to his mouth, he realized they were bound behind his back. He pulled at his constraints and realized they were handcuffs. He opened his eyes and looked down. His ankles were handcuffed together, too. His body felt weak but heavy, like led.
John stood up. That...was a non sequitur. “It’s Sunday,” he pointed out, “no one's gonna take my call on a Sunday.” He tried to retrace his steps--or, their conversation. All he said before Sherlock got weird was that they had lives before Mary, and their lives would go back to just the two of them...Oh. Wait. Did Sherlock tense up because it wouldn’t be just the two of them? Was Irene now a part of their lives? Even though Irene said she would leave eventually, did Sherlock consider her in the picture now? Would he keep in contact with her after she left? “If you have to leave, though, I understand,” John said, feeling glum after momentary happiness with Sherlock.
Sherlock wanted to reach out to him. They were “married”, so he could do that now. He put his hand over John’s.
Sherlock kept one arm wrapped around his neck but placed a hand on John’s cheek, cupping his face. He tried to mirror John’s actions, but their noses bumped.
John was going to ask him why he didn’t sleep well, but with the state of his back, it wouldn’t have been shocking in the least if Sherlock was suffering from nightmares. John knew that feeling all too well, so he didn’t need to directly say it. His chest twisted with empathy. When he had nightmares, he didn’t want to go back to sleep, either.
Sherlock brought John to his chest and put his face in his hair again. “It was a misunderstanding. We’ve misunderstood each other for years.
Her lip twitched. “I knew it.” She looked back at John. “I knew you were lying to me that night. How long has this,” she gestured at them, “been going on?”
Sherlock cried out, pain exploding at the bridge of his nose. Did she break it? He gritted his teeth together, suppressing a yelp, his voice coming out in a low groan. His nose pulsed painfully with each of his heartbeats. “How’re you gonna kill me?”
“Good job, genius,” she said brightly. She let go of his collar, and he fell back against the wall. She only hit him a few times, but he was exhausted. She looked down at him with all of the repulsion in the world. “As I said, Mary Watson was the only life worth living. I can’t live that life ever again, and it’s all because of you. I have no friends or family because of my former life. I have nothing to lose, Sherlock,” she said, her lipsticked lips pulling up into a smirk. “I don’t care if I get caught. I want you dead and I want John heartbroken. Actually, I don’t think he’d survive your death a second time.”
“He hates hospitals,” John said firmly (Sherlock was sure it was John now. His brain was starting to come back online). “I don’t think she did anything I can’t handle. Give us a minute, okay?”
Sorry for taking a little longer than usual to update. World events have gotten me down, you know? Sometimes, it's hard to feel motivated. And I had to draw something for a small child, so that took up time.
John felt the need to clear his throat again, but thought that would make him more suspicious. “I didn’t,” he lied, his fingers tingling from the effort to keep them from twitching. “I just wasn’t surprised. She--people like that often get away from trouble somehow, you know? Just by looking at her, by being around her for that short amount of time, she seemed like the kind of person who could get out of anything. Like you,” he added after a short pause.
John listened to the heart monitor beat steadily, watching Sherlock’s bare chest slowly rise and fall, but his breathing was artificial, provided through a tube, and it didn’t fill him with any of the peace watching Sherlock sleep on the sofa did. John’s then remembered Sherlock’s back, and felt even sorrier for him. He hadn’t even had a chance to recover from when he was away. John placed his hand on top of Sherlock’s, rubbing his thumb against his skin.
