Natasha was right. He couldn’t be trusted.
“Don’t think, drink!” Someone said (screamed) to his left, shoving a large cup of...something, in his hand and then laughing as she stumbled away. Was his discomfort really that obvious? Probably.
They flew through the skies at a rapid speed, Tony listening in on the constant stream of information as JARVIS relayed it through. They’d successfully cut off the whole street, and so any civilians caught in the middle were holed up in their own buildings. Tony just hoped to god they’d stay there for the time being. SHIELD had already gone into lockdown mode, but the trucks that had rolled up were storing a range of nifty gizmos, and from what Tony could tell, they were somehow managing to interfere with the counter-defence measures SHIELD had for these situations. Tony was going to have to take a look at them later, too. See where they’d gone wrong.
It’s weak. It’s not what he wants. But it’s all he can do.
He looked down at the man he loved and simply shook his head, his hand stroking up and down Tony’s back. “Things,” he responded cryptically, and when Tony frowned, Steve just smiled harder, “things possibly pertaining to you.”
He’d nearly killed Tony. And he knew- he remembered, he had been going to. He’d
The man smiled a little bashfully, and rolled his tongue over his lips. Steve had the feeling he was looking slightly foolish at that moment- drenched from head to foot and staring adoringly up at a person so perfect he could well have passed as a fucking Greek God.
Tony looked at him. Then he grinned, and just for the hell of it, he kissed Steve again. “No promises, sweetheart.”
Steve’s eyes widened as he clenched his jaw, “your phone? Your highly important, full-of-secret-and-confidential-information phone? You left that at a fucking charity gala? I can’t believe you. That’s... Tony, that’s so fucking stupid. I thought you said you took your job seriously, but here you are, too drunk to even remember to pick up your Goddamn phone.” Steve held his head in his hands and sighed loudly, and Tony... Tony just stared at him blankly, wondering what the fuck was going on. Since when had Steve ever talked to him like that?
Steve paused, nipping Tony’s ear lightly before sitting up and sitting on his knees, still beaming. “Correct. Let’s go, Stark, get a move on, we don’t have all day- you’ve already spent half of it asleep.”
Ty shoved him with a curled lip, and Tony’s grip slipped off him as he took a few steps back. “You know what, Tony, maybe I don’t fucking care what you ask me to do anymore, you know? You sure as hell don’t seem to give a shit about me. About
“Yeah, I was kinda drained,” Steve wandered into the kitchen and smelt something tomatoey hit him instantly. It was good- homely. “Thought I might just go have a rest.”
He was just—sweet. Steve loved him, it was obvious. And Steve took very seriously to people harming those he loved. Tony knew this from experience—God, by the end of his own attempted kidnapping last year, he’d actually felt sorry for the bad guys.
"I swear, Stane, you better stay far away from me. If I hear you do that again, I'll make sure you regret it."
Steve held him close, nose to nose, rocking them gently on the street until the paramedics came and took his body away.
Steve’s eyes were sad. “You don’t have to do this,” he said, voice quiet, “Tony-“
He spent most of it thinking about how everyone was getting on at home; whether the tests had been done and if Steve had actually entered the same room as Peter since Tony had left. He had to admit, he couldn't work out quite what Steve's issue was. Steve had never been that uncomfortable around babies before this. Although, that being said- when had Tony ever seen Steve handling a baby before? Tony knew he himself did it often. Thor loved to take pictures with them. Hell, even Natasha had been thrust one before, and although slightly stiff and awkward, she'd done okay with them.
Tony blushed and shrugged nonchalantly, turning toward the school again. But Steve tugged him back, an almost nervous look on his face as he rocked back on his feet. “And, uh. I think about you all the time too. So.” He lifted a shoulder absently before setting up walking again, his hand squeezing around Tony’s lightly. Tony smiled, knowing it was probably stupid to feel that happy at such a simple statement, but screw it. He was only intelligent when it came to robots. And Steve was no robot.
He felt a hundred miles away from the person he’d used to be, and for a moment, the thought was enough to make him want to turn away. Drop this, before he reached a point of no return.
kick you off the team? Stop being your friends? Iron Man is… it’s fucking irrelevant, Tony. It’s meaningless. You, on the other hand? You’re irreplaceable.”
They both groaned simultaneously in pleasure.
Steve/Tony number 91 (“Tell me you need me.”)
They kept talking until the icecream dripped down their fingers and melted completely. Steve found himself caught up in Tony so easily; in his stories and his voice, and the way his hands moved when he spoke. He looked so different to how he’d been when Steve found him an hour ago. Some of the life had come back to his eyes. It was stupid, but Steve felt proud. He wanted to make Tony smile more. Properly. He had a beautiful smile.
Steve pressed a finger into his forehead and shut his eyes. “Tony got kicked out last night,” he said quietly, “because his dad found out. About me.”
They were both dressed sharply; the girl in a sleek ponytail and red lips, darker than the sort Peggy wore. Rhodey had his arms folded, and his eyes were solemn as he looked at Steve unwaveringly.
at them. Look at those insignificant, stupid little dots in the sky. They created every atom in your body. Every atom on this planet. Each atom in the visible universe. And they’re up there. We’re looking at…
“He didn’t hit me, I told you, I swear this wasn’t… it wasn’t intentional okay, you know he wouldn’t,” Steve held out his hands and stepped forward, pushing Bucky’s door closed again. He hurried quickly over to the passenger seat and slipped inside, looking at Bucky with a tired sort of smile. “Thank you for picking me up, by the way.”
Well, maybe it was time he learned, then.
“I know,” Tony rolled his eyes and stroked his fingers along Steve’s face lightly, pushing his hair behind his ear as he smiled, “idiots, huh? Although to be fair, I'm not the only one who acted strange and irrational,” he argued, raising an eyebrow as he said "I was initially confused as to what your goal was when you came and joined me and- uh- Helen? No, wait, Helena, in the hall earlier this week- but now it does seem to make a little more sense."
It was all just a mess.
, why did he care- too nice, that was his problem, he just blindly trusted people and every goddamn time it led him here-
Tony broke away, turning his head to find the source of the noise, but Steve seemed entirely unfazed- simply using Tony’s turned head as an excuse to press soft kisses along his exposed neck instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
He grabbed an antiseptic wipe that Thor had laid out on the coffee table behind him and then wiped over his shaking hands thoroughly, before pulling out another one from the pack and shuffling closer to Tony. “This is gonna hurt a little,” he said, thumb stroking reassuring across Tony’s jaw, “but just hold on for me, okay?”
The mission had been long and tiring and ultimately worthless. They’d lost anyway- too many people had died for it to be anything worth celebrating. Steve could still see some of their faces if he thought about it too hard- looking at him, pleading with him.
_____
don’t act
But he couldn’t. So he waited for Thor instead, listening to Tony try and call him from the other room. He was frustrated, angry, cursing a blue streak when Steve didn’t respond, but Steve held his ground. Waited another 74 seconds for Thor to walk around the corner before throwing himself onto his feet and then lurching over to the door, completely beside himself with the need to just
Steve knew that the look on his face gave away his excitement at that prospect. It was a little known fact that Tony was actually a highly skilled musician as well as inventor, and the first time Steve had become aware of said fact (Monday morning on the 14
Steve leaned across, kissing his cheek lightly. Then Rhodey did the same on his other cheek. Then Thor kissed him on the mouth, in his usual Thor way. No one was particularly surprised.
Steve was left by the road, staring at his friends on the porch and Bucky on the path with a face that could probably curdle milk. “You better have the best damn excuse in the entire world as to what just happened there, Bucky,” he said quietly.
“No, but I do have common sense. And right now, I think I’m a bit more objective than you are, Scrappy Doo—”
Tony leaned over, humming absently and tugging the helmet of the lock. Turning around, he glanced up at Steve, still stood still a few feet away at the entrance. “You coming?” He raised an eyebrow, looking amused once more.
Steve couldn’t stop to think about it too hard. Instead, he shot one last appreciative glance at his own ass (which was absolutely
“I was
Oh God. He was going to throw up.
Steve frowned even harder. “Tony?”  He was about to continue and ask what the fuck the guy was talking about, but felt a sharp prod from Nat’s elbow and subtle shake of the head, so he wisely changed his track. “I… yeah. Sure.”
are you doing sat outside my window?” He bolted forward, panicked- his window was on the second floor, if Tony fell, he was fucked. Tony didn’t seem to look too worried though; he turned a little, smiling sheepishly at Steve as he waved with one hand and kept the phone tucked into his cheek with the other.
Tony grinned lewdly and plucked the packet of lube out of Steve’s fingers, leaning up to kiss him with a hint of promise. “You know me so well,” he murmured, “now let’s bang while those little embroidered cows watch us from the armchair.”
Steve just nodded, feeling more than a little blissed-out as Tony kissed him lightly on the nose and then backed up, tripping clumsily over a bunch of stray wires as he went. He looked down and kicked them absently, blushing a little as he turned back to Steve. “I am actually cool, you know,” he stated with a wave of his hand, “people don’t just think that for no reason. I am. I am totally… suave and charming and-“
Tony said nothing, so Steve turned to his desk, where the huge computer was plugged in. “JARVIS-“
He tried not to think too hard about why Tony hadn’t wanted anyone to see them holding hands.
"oh, believe me- next time I'll just make sure he keeps his idiot mouth shut-"
Tony laughed fondly. “How are you feeling?” He asked, voice going gentler.
“It’s either gonna be Rhodey or Steve that gets this, seeing as you’re the ones most likely to be nosying around in my shop, so, uh—Rhodey, if you’re there, then I’d just like to say that I’m offended you didn’t suit up to help me out when the giant donut fell from the sky. Dick move, bro, and I’m gonna totally beat you up for that when I next see you. I had to deal with a group of the galaxy’s biggest idiots all on my own.” He rolled his eyes and smiled again, and across the room, Rhodey did too, arms folding as he shook his head fondly. Then Tony’s face fell, and he looked down again. Everyone’s head turned to face Steve in the room.
His hands, his hands were shaking, he needed to-
Clapping his hands suddenly, he turned back to the table and looked around at his friends. “Right,” he said, “can all of you stop eavesdropping on our conversation and just eat already? And can somebody please sit me up? I’d like to eat my food like a vaguely normal person.”
“The ring,” he said blankly, eyes zoning in on Steve’s now bare finger, “the… why aren’t you wearing your ring?”
Well. Like Natasha had said years ago: they owed it to everyone who wasn’t in the room to try.
“How’s your face?” Paul asked him quietly, turning to him.
“Steve, come on- it was one fun night, but that’s it. Just leave it, alright? I’ll call you. Maybe.”
“Currently asleep in the guest bedroom, Sir.”
“Not from what I heard.”
All week, he’d been a little… on edge. He knew that. Jumpier than usual, quicker to panic. He’d looked at the date every morning and tried not to think about it, but it hadn’t worked. It had been that month, that week, and then
It was Tony.
He and Cap made their way through the front entrance, following the trail of destruction that the attackers had left. There were SHIELD agents lying lifeless on the floor, and he saw Steve’s eyes catch on them as they moved past. Like Tony had said; this facility wasn’t for combat. It was mostly science and research, and the minimal trained fighters they had hadn’t been able to stand up against the enhanced enemy. Anyone else still in the building would either be valiantly trying to hold back the wave of attackers, or hiding out.
His eyebrows lifted, but she just shrugged casually. “Dude, you two are like, the cutest couple in school and you’re not even
And then Thor said two words, and Steve just knew.
Of course, this was probably a lie. Tony hadn’t managed to remain undetected for this long without keeping his guard up, and he probably had a hundred different stories up his sleeve for this sort of occasion. But… but when Steve thought about it, it really did make sense. He could remember, last year, seeing Tony poring over files and files’ worth of data and transactions, all of them scattered out across their kitchen table. Steve had never asked why—but he’d heard clips of conversations Tony had had with JARVIS. They’d been searching for irregularities in the books. Unsanctioned deals and anything that looked out of place or fabricated. It had consumed Tony for… well, weeks, probably. Steve could admit, he hadn’t really kept track of anything during that time. The whole period was somewhat blurry; greyed out by pain and grief and booze. But he could remember that much.
“Fuck,” he hissed, “Bucky, turn the car around. I gotta go back for him.”
investigation now, not yours—”
With a groan, all of them jumped to their feet. Steve, who had returned from his run by that point, looked up to the ceiling. “JARVIS, what’ve we got?”
Tony thought he should probably have learned how to argue better with Steve by now. It had been two years, after all.
They called Clint and Natasha in, which took a bit of wrangling, but eventually they were all in the kitchen. Clint looked wary again, hands working nervously against his legs. “So,” he began, “not mine, right?”
. Steve couldn’t see his face, but he knew what it would look like, because he’d memorised all of Tony’s facial expressions.
Tony pulled a face and shrugged, looking smug as he muttered “Seguo le regole di tua madre a letto” under his breath and then smiled innocently over to Reed as he spluttered wildly.
The chatter around them masked Steve’s hum of confusion, but he wondered all the same why Tony bothered going at all if he waited for an excuse to come along every time. “Well, happy to help, I guess. Tell Thor I said thanks too. He’s a good guy to have in your corner.”
Steve briefly imagined what Tony would’ve looked like; sat on the side of the road, jacket off as he leaned in close to his bike and focused all that mind on the one task. He’d probably have been smoking too. Steve noticed he tended to do that when he was trying to focus.
“if I hadn’t, I might not even have let you in the door,” Steve told him wryly, and Tony stopped at that, opening his mouth as if wanting to argue before realizing that Steve was probably right.
Steve thought, briefly, that he might actually be sick when he heard Rumlow start to laugh. He couldn’t tear his eyes away from the half-furious, half-terrified face of Tony’s. Terrified for Steve, and his wellbeing. Furious that anyone might have hurt him. “Oh my god,” Rumlow chuntered, obviously delighted, “you don’t know, do you? You really have no idea. God, you’re more stupid than I thought.”
Steve thought that was it- that Tony was just going to walk away without a word- but instead he watched as the boy veered to the left, going over to the smaller kid who'd been hanging around on the sidelines.
Tony simply sighed, a heaviness radiating off him that Steve could hardly bear. This wasn’t like when Tony had come to him, drunk and crying after the party where they’d shown him the tapes of his mom. This was almost worse—it was just hopeless acceptance. It was Tony believing this was simply his lot in life; this was what happened to people like him, this was what he got.
The bottom of Tony’s world fell away, leaving only the darkness of his words. His hands fell to his sides, numb.
to his wildly homophobic father in revenge, knowing exactly what would happen to Tony when he did!” Steve ground his teeth and looked the older man right in the eyes, ready to battle it out once more. “Is that good enough for you?” He asked, voice turning into a hiss.  “Does that make him worth your fucking sympathy now?”
He could deal with it. It was fine. It was good.
Steve laughed, and Tony looked slightly surprised. Like he hadn’t expected Steve to find him funny. Sensing that Tony might want a bit of time to himself, Steve realised he’d sort of just welcomed himself into Stark’s home without a second thought, and he hastily stood up, an apologetic look on his face. “I should probably be getting gone,” he said, “don’t wanna hold you up. There’s probably a million and one things you need to do now, huh?”
couldn’t deny the way Steve looked at him sometimes. He knew that they were skirting around each other, around this
“Hey, kid.”
Tony sighed. He wished he felt more irritated about it all, but in reality, he didn’t. He was aware enough of his own bullshit to realise that his anger was just misplaced sadness, and his reticence now was pretty fucking translucent, too. He felt glad. He was glad that he had an excuse to keep Peter in their room at night, to be the one that Peter reached for, to celebrate any other milestones they were lucky enough to witness. He wanted that. And never in a million years had Tony ever thought he’d even consider that; not even a month ago, all this had felt like nothing more than a temporary scenario. A funny little game of make-believe, where they’d all played happy family and Tony had pretended Peter’s last name was ‘Rogers-Stark’ whilst in reality Steve had hidden in the corner every time Peter had gone near him.
The next morning was better. Not quite as oppressive. It was a relief, honestly- sometimes those episodes lasted for days.
He sat back and tried not to flinch as Bucky cleaned him up. The flow of blood had, thankfully, stopped by that point, and all that was left was a nasty purple bruise on the left side of his nose, the darkness seeping into the underside of his eyes just a little. Not his worst nose injury, but it sure wouldn’t be pretty for a week or so.
There was one final crash, and then Steve watched, horror-stricken, as the entire ledge, aircraft and all, simply fell away.
Steve turned on his heel and then pressed his finger up against his mouth, kissing it and then brushing it over Tony’s mouth. It hurt less than the other sort of kissing that involved moving his nose. “Go and relax,” he said again, I’m gonna make us food, and you’re not going to apologize about anything for the rest of the night, okay?”
Licking his lips and steeling himself, he stopped walking just as he reached the bench, and then slowly sat down next to Tony. The bags made a big noise; crinkling and nearly spilling over Tony’s feet, and Steve winced. The whole mystery and smoothness of the situation was being ruined by his groceries.
Tony huffed and looked down at his knees. “God, you’re as bad as these two,” he flicked a thumb over to Thor and Steve, “but yes, I’m fine.”
He still can’t say it. Romantic words are where he falls down- that’s what hurt Pepper before, and it will probably hurt Steve too, at some point.
God, the look on Clint’s face when Tony had frozen in that doorway and then stumbled straight back out of the room. Everyone except Bruce had seen that, because everyone had been taking a coffee break and so they’d all been in the kitchen. The archer’s eyes had been wide, horrified. He must have been completely thrown off by Tony’s reaction. Tony didn’t blame him, either. It was ridiculous, to go so overboard at a stupid prank.
“And until they’re searched, that gives us a few minutes to get the hell out, right?” Steve gritted his teeth together and clenched the phone tighter in his fist, trying to ignore the way Tony’s eyes were burning into his side. He could feel the beads of sweat beginning to pool across his brow, and his heart was starting to speed up with anxiety. “I
Well, Steve didn’t feel like fucking talking yet, so Bucky was just going to have to wait.
So he’d probably been a little apprehensive about asking, or making any moves. He was being careful about the planning. He was going to make it damn phenomenal, thank you very much. It was just about timing—
God, he sounded like a seventy-year-old.
“To be fair, Clint kind of deserved it. He was trying to get a rise out of you, you know that,” Tony rolled his eyes, gently running his fingers across Steve’s knuckles.
“You suck, Van-Dyne,” he mouthed across the room, before flopping back onto the chair and looking at the clock for the billionth time.
Eventually, Tony just sighed. “Fine. No Polaris. Only because I love you very
There was a poignant silence within the four walls of their room as Steve stilled all movement on the bed next to him. Tony bit his lip and looked down at the covers resolutely, knowing how weak-willed that must sound. One bad day, and Tony already wanted to throw back a glass of something or another, uncaring of all the progress he’d made over the past 11 months. Fucking pathetic.
Tony paused for a moment, watching Steve work. “Uh, it’s sort of… complicated. His brother, Loki, had been missing for a few days, and I ended up picking him up at some rave downtown. Kinda messy, that one. Thor- Thor didn’t come into our circle because he liked the lifestyle, really; he came in because he needed a way to look out for his brother. But- y’know- once you’re in…” Tony shrugged a bit clearing his throat, “it’s, uh- a difficult system to get out of.”
Tony was still smiling. Steve just goddamn
"You think I'm fucking around?" Tony took another step forward and the crowd followed, desperate for a fight, "stay away. That's all I'm gonna say. If I hear another story from him about y-"
“Who’s this, Darcy?” Mrs Wilson turned around from the stove and looked at them all curiously, and Steve felt his face burn with embarrassment as he dropped his head into his arms on the table. Oh God- sometimes it felt like absolutely nothing in this household was private. Nothing in the entire
For a second, he watched Tony look a little like a rabbit caught in the headlights- and it was only because he was searching after it that he saw the short looks he and Bruce exchanged, which held an entire conversation Steve wasn’t privy to.
But Steve didn’t get mad. Of course he didn’t, that would have been ridiculous. He just turned his head a little bit into Tony’s, mouth ghosting over the top of his head. “I’m fine,” he assured, “don’t worry about me.”
His mind started to wander onto rapidly dirtier trains of thought, but before he could even open his mouth to broach said thoughts to Steve, JARVIS automatically extended the helmet back over his head, lighting up the HUD as he did so. Of course, at the first motion of JARVIS making a move, Tony realised that there was some sort of emergency, and stopped dead in his tracks as a red warning flashed over his vision. He read quickly. “Guys. We’ve got a situation.”
Steve tried to process that in his head, but it didn’t quite work out. Tony laughed quietly, grabbing the glass of water from the table and then wafting it under Steve’s nose. “It does help. And then once that’s down you, you should get gone, alright? You shouldn’t be here.”
In his mind, Sarah Rogers popped up in his vision, her warm hand on a 7-year-old Steve’s shoulder.
- “Sir,“
But he didn’t. He went to the bathroom. Because there was vomit crawling up his throat, and he
Steve closed his hands delicately around Tony’s wrists, bringing his hands up to kiss his palms. “Don’t be sorry,” he murmured, “just be open. Talk to us. We’re all messy, Tony, but we stick around for one another. You’d do the same for us. Don’t treat yourself like you’re less, okay?”
Right. Looked like he was just going to wander around until he found somewhere familiar, then.
Home sweet home.
And then, on the outskirts of it all, was Tony. The stuck up billionaire asshole, the one everyone tended to roll their eyes at. He was too loud, too selfish. They put up with him most days because they had to. Steve… well, maybe Steve liked him a little more than the rest, but at the end of the day he had Bucky. He had Sam. He had the rest of the team, and there wasn’t much room after all that for Tony.
Unable to resist, he pulled his phone out from the pocket of his hoodie and opened it up, going straight to Tony’s contact.
Steve just looked at his daughter and pulled a face, which was quickly replicated by her. “It smells super funny,” she whispered, and Steve held back a laugh as he nodded and glanced over at a betrayed Tony.
“No.”
excited for Halloween. He’d figured that they would go absolutely crazy for that season. It was pretty much catered specifically for them, after all.
“With ease, yes,” Tony answered smoothly, “where are your other buddies, Steve? Why aren’t they the ones you’re calling?”
Dubious look etched on his face, Steve stayed where he was for one more second, before catching Tony’s eye. “You want him to talk, or would you rather I dragged him back inside and thwacked him over the back of the head?” He asked.
Tony just blinked at him, the weary smile slipping off his face. “What,” he asked, “Steve, what do you… what are you saying?”
And suddenly, he could hear something that wasn’t his own screams. He felt something that wasn’t cold or scratchy or agony. He smelt something other than blood and stale air.
“So, what, you’re friends now?” He asked incredulously.
“Now now boys,” Natasha called out, pausing her meticulous brushing of Pepper’s hair in order to shoot them both a look, “no fighting during movie night, that’s the rule.”
Without further ado, Steve jumped.
Tony looked at him for an extra second, and then nodded again. “Thank you,” he said, pushing down at Steve’s shoulders until he hit the edge of the mattress of Tony's bed, “now it’s time to actually get around to what we came here for.”
Checking the time on his watch for the thirtieth time that hour, he sighed when he saw the time in front of him. Tony was now running 48 minutes late and counting, and had yet to send any of them a message as to why.
Tony just nodded, looking back at the desk. More children, being put through hell because AIM wanted soldiers. More babies like Peter, potentially, who didn’t have the luck that Peter had. Who hadn’t made it out.
He was just tired, that was all. It felt like he was hurting everything he cared for, whether it was intentional or not. Fuck, it wasn’t even 24 hours ago that Steve had promised he’d stay in line while being picked up from Fury’s office by Mrs. Wilson herself, and now he was here, planning to bunk off school the very next day.
There was a moment’s worth of silence before Tony eventually nodded once. He put down Steve’s things on the doormat gently, and then looked to Bucky.
Tony broke away and then turned, beginning to run for the direction of his workshop, his suits, oh God
, Steve’d called him. And Tony knew... look, he wasn’t ashamed of how many people he’d slept with and he never fucking would be, but- but the way Steve had said it, with such
Tony stepped out into the common room with a small sigh of contentment, breathing in the smell of popcorn and home. It’d been a pleasant night, all things considered- the presenter hadn’t asked any uncomfortable questions, the banter had been good and Tony hadn’t had anything thrown at him
Bucky turned his head to her, before blurting “God, you’re so hot when ya do that.”
“Shut up,” Tony hissed to the empty room, shoving the stupid piece of shit he’d been working on away and then pressing the palms of his hands into his eye-sockets. He was exhausted, and hadn’t had a proper sleep in days. He needed... he needed Steve. But these days it was hit-or-miss as to whether he’d get
Tony pursed his lips. “Right. Window it is.”
And then six days later, they had another argument.
,” Steve blurted quickly- goddamn alcohol loosening his stupid tongue, “please don’t go, Tony.”
He stood straight, placing the papers back on the desk and trying not to look at the mathematics scribbled over them for too long, unless he fancied a melted brain. He couldn’t help but grin a little, looking to the ceiling for lack of anywhere else to pin JARVIS to. “I get the feeling that apology isn’t as genuine as it sounded.”
And so that was what he did. He worked, and he kept himself busy, and by the time the morning light started to filter in through the windows he’d gotten…well, not very far, but it was still better than nothing. Steve would probably be pissed when he woke up and saw that Tony had never actually gone back to bed, but Tony just felt like he was in the wrong state of mind to be sleeping, and anyway, he was doing them all a favour. He was doing this for Peter. So that he could be safe, and he could go to a real home, where nothing blew up and no one turned huge and green and there weren’t weapons casually strewn around the fucking room.
“Oh my God, why Washington?” Tony complained over his toothbrush, waving a sulky hand as he leaned down to the sink and spat out the toothpaste. Through the open door, Steve watched him in amusement from the bed, trying not to smile while Tony went on one of his rants. “Like, okay, I get you’re a SHIELD lackey and Natasha batted her eyes at you to come with her so she wouldn’t be lonely or whatever, but Washington? That’s such a boring fucking place. Nothing happens in DC, I’m telling you Steve, you won’t want to stay there for more than a minute.”
It made Steve one hell of a lot sadder than it really should have done.
It took Thor a moment, but then he took a sharp intake of a breath. “Ty?” He asked. Steve couldn’t help but grin darkly as he turned his head back to Thor.
“Steve, you don’t have anything to be sorry for.”
“Yes, you are,” Steve answered, kissing him on the temple, “but you’re also very stupid. Next time, just go to sleep, rather than wait up for my sake.”
“And we’re very proud Steven,” Peggy patted him on the shin and then flicked him, “but how did it happen? Where did you two sneak off to last night?”
“I’ll tell Happy to remain on standby,” Tony added, “he’ll drive up to the tower and take Peter from Bruce if he needs to suit up and join us.”
“Good,” he answered swiftly, “you’re cleverer than he’ll ever be, anyway. If anyone can do it, it's you.”
want a drink, Steve.”
Tony sent back, mind made up as he lifted himself off the desk and stretched. Whether he did the paperwork now or in the morning, the pile of it would never really get any smaller. He’d much rather spend his remaining hours of consciousness doing something productive. Like Steve. Hah.
Tony looked up at him. His hands still shook against Steve’s side. He could still taste the mud in the back of his throat.
He watched Tony look rapidly between his friends and Steve for a moment, before swallowing and cutting Steve off with an uncaring wave of his hand. His eyes were cold.
Steve shoved the thought violently from his mind, concentrating instead on just getting to sleep, allowing himself to rest and calm down before trying to talk to Tony about it all again. They would be fine. They’d had worse blow-ups than that, said crueller things to eachother. No one had ever tried to imply they were perfect, because it was clear to absolutely everyone that they weren’t- not by a long shot. They had issues piled up higher than the ceiling and a history that was as convoluted as you could imagine, but they got through it every time something came up. They were resilient fucks like that. It’d be okay.
“I’ve got no idea,” he muttered, nodding over to the elevator, “but I guess we can find out now.”
Sometimes, he had to work hard to convince himself that it was for the better.
He was overthinking it. Steve hadn’t meant it like that. Obviously, he had a point. Tony couldn’t fight like Natasha or shoot like Clint or strangle people with his metal arm like Bucky. Without the suit, he wasn’t a hero. Not that Steve had been implying that, either. Probably.
“You only just woke up,” Steve argued weakly, but now Tony’s shoulder was a little nearer, he couldn’t stop himself from resting his head against it. “God- I’m sorry, Tony, I’m fucking-”
“Your pops is technically over a hundred years old, Peter, and he still kisses me”
By his side, Thor came to stand with him, nodding at him once, and suddenly Steve knew what to do. There was a bubbling inside him, igniting and growing like a flame, like an inferno.
He really had gone and fucked it.
Tony grinned, sitting up alongside him and getting to his feet quickly, hand going out to pull Steve up too. “That would be ruining the surprise, wouldn’t it?” He said mysteriously.
Following him. Yep- yep, they were definitely following him now.
The closer he got, the more he became aware that this fight was done, but only just. Bodies of HYDRA agents littered the ground sporting a variety of wounds, from slashes to bullets to a crudely carved wooden spike stuck in the eye-hole of one of their masks. Steve could see immediately from the craftsmanship that it was Natasha’s work. He broke his silence, looking around desperately as he called out her name. He didn’t care who else heard him. He’d kill them if they moved. “NATASHA! RHODEY?”
He shut his eyes and buried his head into the crook of Tony’s neck, just needing to feel him there. Deft fingers wrapped around Tony’s wrist, felt his heart. Slow, steady, real. Tony had died. Steve had followed shortly after. But they were both alive in the here and now. Whatever that had been, whatever alternate reality Steve had just seen… it was gone. It was over. It never had been at all.
Tony vaulted the countertop and jogged toward him, heart racing. He didn’t know what had happened to Steve, but it was
“Yeah.”
Mutely, Tony nodded, taking Steve’s wrist before he could turn away and then leaning down, lips brushing feather-soft over Steve’s fresh cut on the side of his nose.
The memories burned his mind. They hurt. They hurt more than anything else he’d ever felt. He couldn’t get the image of his husband’s dead body out of his head- the body that Steve had put there-
Well, as far as stupid went, giving your heart away to a kid that wasn’t even yours sure was up there.
gone to see a doctor about how you’ve been feeling lately, have you? I know you don’t want to, but I was just... wondering”
. And where there was Steve, there was an ease to Tony’s soul that he couldn’t find anywhere else.
Tony smiled, and he squeezed Steve’s fingers once more before letting go. “Then what the hell are you waiting for, Rogers? Go save the universe. You can kiss me later.”
It was easy to imagine you were meaningless, when you looked up at something like that. But Steve… it just made him more desperate to look out for the stupid rock they called home. They still had to make their place in the galaxy. They still had so much to give. And Steve would protect that until his dying day.
Shit.
“I’m sorry,” Tony cut in hurriedly, a new train of thought apparently jumping into his mind, “sorry, god, I just realised how stupid it was to say that here, now. You’re all— all mentally fucked up by HYDRA. You don’t have to answer, Steve, I’m sorry. Just—”
There was silence. It told Tony enough. “Well then why—”
and the only way that I feel like I’m able to help you deal with this is by knowing when it will happen”
“Hey, hey, what?” Moving in that Unhumanly fast way of his, Steve crossed the room and settled his hands against Tony’s shoulders, squeezing tightly and looking down at Tony’s face with distress written across his own expression. “Sweetheart, you’re shaking. Why are you shaking? Why would you think I don’t want to be with you any more?” His thumbs brushed delicately over Tony’s shoulders, skimming the skin at the collar of his shirt. He pulled Tony over to the table and then sat him on a chair before pulling up one for himself and then sitting right in front of Tony, their knees brushing. Then he settled his hands around Tony’s, which were bunched up in his lap. “Talk to me,” he said. “What’s going through your head?”
Like a meerkat, Steve watched Tony’s head pop up, hair falling in messy strands over his face and sticking out at random angles. He too, smiled brightly, and extended a hand out across the room. “Steve!” He exclaimed, “we’re building a pillow fort!”
They fell into a comfortable silence after that, a few of them dropping straight off to sleep amongst the pillows. Steve heard Thor’s loud snoring as he spread himself out like a starfish and smushed melted chocolate into his cheek. The only person who still looked relatively perky was Peggy, who was still throwing marshmallows into the air and catching them, perfectly content to do that all on her own until she drifted off as well. Steve himself was lying on Tony’s chest, his cheek pressed over the other boy’s heartbeat and his eyes shut, dozing lazily. He could feel Tony’s fingers brush over the skin of his arms, and they felt somewhat like drawings- equations, perhaps- but Steve was too sleepy to pin them down, and it felt nice. Tony’s touch was always so gentle.
- right up until the Avengers alarm rang out across the room.
Tony made an unimpressed noise in the back of his throat and quickly pulled Steve in again, kissing him soundly on the mouth.”Please don’t be,” he said honestly, “just… let it out. You went through some shit today. It’s okay. I won’t hold it against you.”
The lid was on the top of the pen, as opposed to the nib. If Steve were to guess, Tony must have been writing out a list of things to buy while he and Steve were out shopping, chewing on the lid while he thought. Then Steve would have called him down, told him they needed to go, and Tony would have sighed and dropped the pen and notebook back down on the bed, intending to come back to it later.
It wasn’t enough.
Both Bucky and Peggy spasmed in shock, eyebrows shooting to their hairlines in sync with one another. Steve just sighed, letting his head drop into his hands. “Not like that,” he mumbled, “shut your face Clint.”
“Hate to break it to you baby, but we’re only about ten hours into Monday.”
The haze of unhappiness lingered around him as he dragged himself through his night-time routine, reminded of Peter’s presence at pretty much every turn. It was amazing how much stuff they’d managed to accumulate over such a short period of time, really. Toys and clothes and little shoes just sprayed liberally over what had used to just be Steve and Tony’s room. Everything had been ordered and neat and adult. This was a mess.
Tony made a face and raised his hands. “Well there you go,” he replied quietly before tugging Steve’s hand, the touch gentle, “come on- let’s get you sorted.”
In all honesty, though, he was… well, he was as confused as they were. It wasn’t that Tony was
“I…” Steve faltered, before shrugging in confusion, “I mean- I guess if you really want to-“
Natasha ambushed him whilst he was drinking his morning cup of tea
Steve looked at him blankly, before folding his arms. “I’m not going to apologize to the car, Bucky.”
Luckily, he was fine.
Before he was even aware that he was moving, his feet were flying through the workshop and running over to the main conference room where he knew at least a few of the Avengers must be. He needed them all to see this, just so he could confirm that he hadn’t actually gone insane. Of course, most of them were in there, as they always were, still trying to bring some order to a world that had fallen into total chaos. He could see Carol and Thor standing together through the glass windows, pointing at a holographic image while they talked to the rest of the team. Carol clocked him first, her brow creasing in confusion just for a second before Steve hurtled through the doors so hard that it came straight off its hinges. He grabbed it hastily before it could hurt anyone and rested it back against the wall before slamming the disused helmet onto the table, its beep emanating through the room.
Then another five. He would be in the pizza place right now if he had just fucking-
need to hear that.” Clint jumped down from the fridge and then took Peter out of Tony’s arms, hoisting him up high and eliciting a cackle of delight from the small boy. Tony simply rolled his eyes and got started on making himself a coffee, watching Peter out of the corner of his vision with a smile on his face.
“Enjoying the mush?” Tony asked with a raised eyebrow.
“No.”
. That won’t ever change.”
And now Tony’s fears had all come true, and Tony could hardly even look him in the eye.
. “Okay, everyone suit up,” Steve called out sharply, throwing his newspaper down- then stopped when he saw Tony beginning to move with the rest of them. “Uh, Tony- what are you doing?”
The distance between himself and the machine shortened, until finally he was able to settle a shaking hand on the frame, leaving a clichéd bloody handprint on the metal as he did so. He stared at the contraption, unmoving.
No one said anything. Steve looked away, that wave of familiar rage threatening to spill out of him again as he thought of Tony, back at Thor’s place, bruised and broken because of the whim of a selfish, jealous teenager. It wasn’t fair. None of this was fucking fair.
“What happened with Obadiah?” He asked in order to try and steer away from the dangerous emotions that were coming up to the surface, “I never—I never asked.” He remembered, vaguely, that Tony had been dealing with issues at work back then, but he’d been away so much that he’d never really talked about it. And by the way Tony’s face fell, it clearly wasn’t good.
There was another thing Steve had noticed while they were busy doing nothing, and it was that Tony seemed to be touching him more. He was affectionate as it was, and that was something Steve loved about him, but it seemed to be exacerbated these days. If he looked back over the past few weeks, he realised it wasn’t something that had been brought on by the short getaway either. Tony held his hand whenever he could. He laid on his side and rested his head against Steve’s chest in bed, even though Steve knew it must make the reactor ache. Whatever opportunity arose, Tony used it to keep him close. Steve didn’t mind, not in the slightest, but he was curious about it.
His nose hurt. It hurt like a fucking bitch, and he felt like he was going to sneeze under all the dust. He couldn’t stay here. He just couldn’t. And Tony… God, he hadn’t even apologized? Offered any other alternative? He’d just
It seemed the end of eternity had arrived. And Steve’s entire world was crashing down around him.
Except for the fact that every time he brought one of the team a new gift, they looked less and less happy each time. They started to frown- ask him if he was okay, which wasn’t the fucking plan. They told him to slow down, which just made everything worse. They thought he couldn’t handle it. Or maybe they just didn’t like feeling so indebted to him, seeing as they were already planning about how best to tell him he was gonna be benched permanently. Rhodey had been with them on another mission, this one in Florida, and once again, he’d done a fucking terrific job. Of course he had. It was Rhodey- he wouldn’t do anything less.
There was silence as Tony paused, and turned his head to look over at Steve. He opened his mouth, undoubtedly to ask
to make them my problems,” Steve stormed ahead and finished before Tony could get anything else into his head. “Your problems are my problems because they upset you, and hurt you, and when that happens I just want to try and make them stop doing that. I want to try and fix them for you. That’s what being in a relationship is about, sweetheart.” He laughed and gestured around him at the strangely decorated room, full of weird off-yellow furniture and way too many pillows for his liking. “Why do you think I spent all night last night looking through Airbnb to find this goddamn farm in the middle of nowhere at the last minute?”
blush.
Steve blinked a few times. MIT was… “wait, you were in
He breathed in shakily. “Like nothing I could ever even explain.”
Of course, intentional or not, Steve was pretty sure he'd never felt his mouth go dry more rapidly in his entire life anyway.
“A lot of them didn’t get recorded,” Tony finished quietly, mouth thinning as he thought about the death-count that day, and the amount of people who had been hit not by a conventional bullet, but by beams that had disintegrated their tissue, their bone, their everything. Not many of the Chitauri had carried those weapons. But the ones that had had clearly been the superiors of the army, and they’d known how to use them to the deadliest effect. “I’m sorry, baby. She sounded lovely.”
Except maybe Peter. Tony should probably stay close to him for a little while, if only to stop AIM from getting their filthy hands on him.
Although there really wasn’t much point now. He’d crossed the line of no return weeks ago. No going back anymore.
Honestly, it felt less real than it had when Steve was hitting him. Breaking up was just… absurd. Not even in Tony’s realm of possibility. They were—they were
Luckily, he did find it, thanks to his great memory and rather specific motivations. He pushed it open confidently and then just laughed when Tony clamped a sudden hand over his eyes, telling him not to look. He was made to stand by the door for a full minute as Tony sprinted around his room, undoubtedly cleaning the dirty underwear and random bits of paper up and stuffing them all in a cupboard, if the sounds were anything to go by. When Tony came back and kissed him again, Steve was half convinced it was just in an attempt to stop Steve from being able to see the flush of embarrassment on his cheeks.
“I… I can’t—”
Oh Fuck. He couldn’t. He had to protect Tony. He couldn’t let himself be the one responsible for his husband’s death. He couldn’t do it.
It’d be perfect. He could invite everyone around to his place, they could dress up and have a good time, and then Steve could stay the night. He knew the other boy was free, seeing as he’d subtly asked as much a few days previously. And he still had eleven days to actually hash everything out, set the groundwork and so forth. Steve had been pretty impervious to any attempts at getting him in the Halloween spirit before this, but Tony knew he could do it. Slow and steady wins the race, after all. He’d send Steve a text now inviting him over, and later on once he’d tried a few more persuasive tactics throughout the week, Tony would reveal that it was going to be Halloween-themed. He knew where he could get some cool decorations, too. And maybe Steve really was dead-set against horror films, but there were different things they could do as substitute for it.
Steve followed Reed as the man guided him back into the elevator he had come from. “Go back to bed, love,” Richards murmured quietly to his wife as they moved past her.
Steve hummed. “Jello,” he repeated softly, which was good. Sounded like a confirmation. Tony couldn’t help but grin a little, kissing Steve’s shoulder fondly as they moved smoothly through the hall.
Tony stilled in his arms, then just nodded, subdued. “Whatever you want,” he mumbled.
subject matter, you can unmute yourself, JARVIS,” he added, leaning back and directing the last part over to his desk.
Tony nodded and pushed himself up out of his chair, feeling about three different joints crack as he did so. His neck was now uncomfortably sore, but he wasn’t going to inform Steve of that fact, because then he would have to admit that he should have gone to bed, and Tony was not willing to concede that. Even if it was true.
Once everyone had piled out of the car twenty minutes later and started making their way into Natasha’s place, Steve quickly pulled Bucky aside and kept him behind whilst everyone else wandered off. “Bucky, pal, brother, best-friend-for-life, you’re wise, right-“
Steve nodded, mentally bracing himself when he heard the phone shuffle as Sam passed it over. In the end, though, it wasn’t that bad. Mr. Wilson was more concerned than angry, asking questions and whether or not they needed to come over and get Steve home. Steve declined—he’d had to tell them about Tony being kicked out of the house, but he didn’t feel like it was his place to tell the Wilsons why or what exactly had happened, so he’d left the explanation rather brief. He didn’t want to imagine the looks on their faces if they saw the state of Tony just then.
“Sir, I think perhaps it may be best to wait for backup before dealing with this,” JARVIS told him quietly, clearly coming to the same conclusions as him, “we do not know what we are facing here, but it does not look to be something that Captain Rogers would be doing when in his right mind.”
His first dug into the first beast he came into contact with, and he stopped the thoughts from coming. Just fight. That was all he could do.
Tony paused what he was doing then, looking up and turning in surprise. “What? Why?”
Steve swallowed. “So you’re saying… this was some sort of episode? A- a PTSD thing?” The memory came back to him, and he shut his eyes slowly. “Shoes on the floor, you said. They were… that’s what we both woke up to. His shoes on the tiles.”
“What the fuck was that?” Sam asked, looking over to Thor who just shook his head and sighed.
Squeaking a little in surprise, he instinctively let his hand rise, cupping around Steve’s neck and drawing him in, moving them closer, because Tony didn’t know why, he didn’t know how, but he knew that he wanted.
They sat in silence.
Well. Maybe stupidest decision of the month was more fitting. But it was definitely up there in the top 5 most embarrassing things he’d ever willingly participated in.
Tony stilled, and then sighed in defeat. “Yeah. But Clint’s only just learned how to put himself to bed, so excuse me for being mildly concerned.” He rolled his eyes before fiddling with his cufflinks a little, wondering why exactly he was feeling so strange about this. It wasn’t even as if Peter was their kid or anything—but it just felt like they’d all been attached to one another by the hip recently, so leaving him, even if it was only for the night, felt…
Tony shook his head. “I have to—I’ve still got work—”
Had that really happened, or had Steve just dreamt that? No, no, it was real. He knew it was real. It was easier for him to discern imagination from reality this time around, and he knew for a fact that that had happened. Tony had asked him. But the conversation had ended up getting sort of shelved because of Steve’s precarious mental stability, so nothing had really been…well, confirmed. If Steve was being honest, his mental stability right now was probably not at the standard it usually was (if that standard could even be called stable at all was debateable too), but he didn’t want to leave this unfinished for any longer than he had to. Tony would let it get to his head if he did, start thinking maybe Steve didn’t want to say yes.
They both sat there, thinking aloud as to what was taking them both so long- until a minute or so later when they heard the door open again, and two voices filter through the house.
“Only a day,” she informed him, “it’s the 26
And then he’d left Steve’s space as quickly as he’d stepped into it, hand still curled around Steve’s as he tugged him off the desk. “Food,” he declared with a nod, tongue poking out just for a moment in order to trace the taste of Steve’s mouth on his lips.
Tony swallowed the bile in his throat and rocked Peter gently in his arms, Steve’s hand a warm and comforting weight against his shoulder, shielding him and Peter from the rest of the world. He shook his head mutely, not knowing what to say. “In the… I watched. There was- uh—her phone. It… I watched them—” he cut off, voice wavering into nothingness. He couldn’t even fucking
He paused, and then answered “UNLIKE SOME PEOPLE, I ACTUALLY WANT TO WORK!”
He worked until his eyes hurt, until his back was aching from hunching over the computer for so long. But, at the end of it, he had what he was after. The title was a work in progress- Project BADAUSS, obviously pronounced ‘badass’, because Tony was not passing on the opportunity presented to him, and standing for ‘Baseliner Allyship and Defence Against Unhuman Social Stigma’. It was the beginning of what Tony hoped to be an in-depth and informative website. Including blog entries, personal experiences, the option to send in content material with an anonymous feature available, and a breakdown of what it
Tony patted his cheek. “Good boy. You’re learning.”
He shut his eyes and sighed. He didn’t think he’d be able to take the Wilsons’ anger right now. He knew they had the right to be upset, but he just…
giving me enough affection. But Steve, I do care. I do. It haunts me, the day we caught Clint, it hon’stly does, an’ I know I act like a fuckin’ asshole, but you mean more t’me than anything. All of you.
"Yeah, that's probably best," everyone said, all of them determined not to be saddled with the responsibility. Tony rolled his eyes, looking over at Steve for confirmation. The man looked like he was swallowing cement, but eventually he just sighed and shrugged in defeat.
Steve made a face, finally looking down at the sidewalk. He made a humming noise, and after a few seconds of silence, jerked his head over to the house. “I should probably…”
“Yeah, but I think you’d like a friend down here,” Steve sat back down next to him again, “just so you don’t have to spend all your time talking to yourself, y’know?”
The look on Steve’s face made Tony want to say it a thousand times over, and maybe at some point he would. Maybe later tonight, even, if Tony was really lucky. Although it would admittedly be in a less sexy environment than what Tony had been envisioning. Having a leg that you couldn’t really move meant they were confined to hospital-bed snuggles only.
Steve made an irritated noise, and Tony decided to stand up. Just because. “Look, Steve, I’ll be up soon-”
With his phone resting firmly in his pocket, Steve sighed quietly. “I do know,” he answered, “I really do.”
. Was it selfish to forget to put them away? Maybe it was. Maybe Tony just needed to grow the fuck up and pull his weight. Fuck, Steve was probably right.
Essentially, he was going to be useless until he got his memories back.
weapons, people were dying because of
"I do not go to that shitty thing, oh my God," but Tony was blushing, actually
Steve thought back- back to the soft smile, the glittering eyes, the way Tony had laughed and then offered to get Steve a cab if he felt uncomfortable- and wondered why people always assumed so badly of him.
Well. Everyone but Steve.
Tony looked up at him, giving him a once-over. He seemed fine, although he was leaning to one side pretty heavily. “How did we get out of there?” He asked, a little hoarse, because it was easier than acknowledging the fact that his friends appeared to have relocated their entire Christmas dinner to the med-bay, just for him. That was still being processed in his brain.
“Stole a general’s badge and then waltzed in like I owned the place,” Steve told him with a small smile, “worked for a little while, ‘til I could get to the janitor’s room and find a uniform.” By that point, Tony really did look incredulous, and Steve quelled the quickening of his heart as he continued. “I never found any solid evidence though, and so I left. But they must have found out there’d been a breach and traced it back to me. Then, obviously, figuring that I now knew too much…”
“You’re such a selfish bastard,”
Fury had said,
. Steve could claim the moral high-ground here, considering he wasn’t a fucking terrorist.
Steve glanced down again at Tony’s bare legs and then plucked a broken-off bit of chip out of Tony’s hair. He wasn’t entirely sure how that had gotten there. “Yeah, I can see that.”
“I feel like not enough people are appreciating this movie,” Tony murmured with a smile, looking around the room fondly.
“Really?” Steve asked, widening his eyes a little. In all honesty, he hadn’t actually been thinking Tony would come at all, and yet-
“Nuh uh,” Steve rocked them gently back and forth as he shook his head, “No covert cows, no aliens. Just us. Having some fun.”
He pushed at Steve’s chest, sending him back a few paces as Tony himself stepped forward.
Fury’s face didn’t change even when Steve waited a few more seconds, and his silence sat heavily in the office. Iron Man had been a thorn in SHIELD’s side for damn near a year now, blowing up government facilities, stealing classified information and weapons to use for god knows what, stirring up trouble by inciting rumours about SHIELD & the US army and then leaking them to the public. There had been no official deaths yet, not as far as the general public knew anyway—but pretty much everyone in the government was aware that Iron Man had been the one behind the tragedy in Gulmira which has kickstarted that sick bastard’s little career, and once he got bored of blowing up empty buildings on US soil, it was only a matter of time before Iron Man started getting people killed over here too. Hell, he’d already cost near billions in property damage and put multiple men and women out of jobs. He was a nightmare and a menace, seemingly determined to bring the government down to its knees, and Steve knew damn well that if he ever got what he was after, it wouldn’t be long before they had a new totalitarian rule on their hands.
“Ah, well actually, I was thinking we could all dress up,” Tony steeled himself as they broached the more uncertain waters, “you know,  have a whole Halloween bash at my place. You could go as, like, a sexy vampire. And you already fill out the vampire part, so you could just take off your shirt and Bob’s your uncle!”
Tony waved him off, unzipping the kit and pulling out a few antiseptic wipes. He made an upward gesture with his hand, and Steve frowned.
“Then let me go back and fix it,” Steve said, staring at Reed, “let me put it right.”
When he did nothing other than open and shut his mouth a few times, Tony chuckled again. Steve looked away, silently cursing himself. “God, I gotta get better at this,” he mumbled, feeling his cheeks heat up as they always ended up doing around Tony.
“Rest, Steve,” Tony whispered, pressing a kiss against his collarbone. “Just rest.”
Bruce came into the bathroom and pulled Steve out of the shower after JARVIS failed to persuade him to, and he dried Steve off and wrapped him in a bathrobe and then asked him if he wanted to go to the communal area where everyone else was. Steve wasn’t sure whether he said yes or no, but it must have been the former, because then he was on the couch surrounded by his team, every last one of them silent.
“Rhodeybear—”
“Seriously, don’t worry about it,” Steve laughed gently, “Bucky shoved you into the concrete the first time you met him, so I figure this is fair. They- they must care a whole lot about you.”
That was when he spotted him.
“Lucky we didn’t take Sam with us, then,” Steve muttered, peering into a huge room curiously, “he, and I quote; ‘doesn’t fuck with demons or spirits of any freaky shit like that’. Apparently, he values staying alive more than going into places that are supposed to be haunted.”
Another long silence fell, as all the boys processed Tony’s words. Steve felt like someone was in the process of gutting him. He looked down, forcing back the urge to scream, and instead just leaned forward, pushing a smile onto his face as he brushed his nose against Tony’s softly.
“Then why is Tony dead?” Steve spat.
Steve could only nod in agreement.
really?” Steve countered sulkily, keeping his arms around Tony’s waist as they swayed at the edge of the sidewalk, undoubtedly pissing off a dozen different commuters as they hurried on by. Steve couldn’t care less. “Japan will move on without you.”
A bird called out a morning song over in the trees to the side of him, and he smiled fondly. At least mom would be happy here. It was peaceful.
Sam made his presence known by coughing loudly in surprise. “Fuck, man, are you serious? Did you just… oh, did you get the answers from the teachers? Shit, that’s probably useful as fuck” he said excitedly, jumping to his feet.
_____
He moved his hand, cupping it around Tony’s face and stroking his jaw as they both slowly drifted back into a sleep, this time wrapped up in one another’s arms; Steve clad in his baggy T-shirt and Tony with nothing but his boxers.
Everything he touched. Everything, even when he didn’t mean to… it was all at risk.
“Oh yeah, definitely,” Steve nodded with enthusiasm, feeling the phone sitting in his pocket, three of Tony’s texts just waiting to be read, “he’s… he’s great. Really kind. He- he gets it. Me. It’s nice.”
“Sleep,” Steve ordered, pushing Tony backward until he landed on the bed with a thump. He’d come over because Tony had called him at seven in the morning on a Sunday saying that he wanted Steve to come round- and really, it said a lot that Steve had even answered at all, considering his usual ‘no interaction before double digits’ rule- but now that he was actually here, he might as well try and get Tony to behave like a normal human being with normal human needs, at least for a few hours.
Steve wrapped his arms a little tighter around Tony’s waist, but upon feeling the squirm of discomfort Tony desperately attempted to mask, he released immediately, pulling his arms back so they were resting lightly against Tony’s hips and looking upward in concern. “Are you hurt?”
“Is there a point to this story?” Thor asked, genuinely confused.
The voice. He felt calmer, he felt his muscles relax, but he wasn’t sure why. It was a good voice. Strong, deep, soft, kind.
Steve snorted and Natasha sighed. “That was me, and much as I appreciate you in a platonic fashion, I’m not lying when I say ‘not if you were the last person on Earth’,” she shot back, muttering “I’ve seen you naked far too many times to be able to willingly go through it again, thank you very much.”
being perfect, in Steve’s humble opinion.
could have happened to him.
“Nope. I’m getting reports of shots fired outside the SHIELD facility in New York…” He squinted at the CCTV footage JARVIS had obtained for him. “It looks like there’s a group trying to storm the building. We got reinforced trucks, upwards of fifty people so far, they’re—” Tony’s eyes widened as he watched the individuals lift their weapons, firing at anything that moved as they ascended the steps. “Fuck, they’re firing at civilians. We gotta move.”
He furrowed his brow and looked back downward, pen millimeters away from touching paper before he was interrupted by Sam’s very loud “STEVE, GET IN HERE!”
Tony did not even want to get into the levels of dysfunction that that statement was. Apparently as a group, they all collectively felt more at home dealing with terrorism units than they did with children.
He was being so stupid. It had just been a prank. A stupid prank, and one that hadn’t even been intended for him, he was sure. Clint would never have been that insensitive. He’d known that Tony should have been away for the day at a business meeting, he’d had no idea that it had been cancelled and Tony had decided to come home early, walking through the door just two minutes before Bruce had been supposed to. He and Clint had some stupid little prank war going on- that’s why he’d rigged up the stupid water bomb thing. And it… it was
“Fuck you, Rogers.”
He figured he probably had a little way to go yet, with the whole ‘understand your value’ schtick. But… you know, maybe Steve would help with that. If he kept kissing Tony in the way he was, Tony was pretty sure his ego would be the size of a planet by the end of the night.
With a short sigh and a grind of his teeth, he stood up to his feet and then crept quietly across to Tony’s window. “JARVIS?” He asked softly, but got no response. Steve frowned- before remembering Tony’s earlier words. He’d ordered JARVIS not to speak another word for the remainder of the day… God, that must’ve been why he hadn’t alerted Tony and Steve to Howard’s presence.
Steve felt his face crease up as he took in that information. That was… absurd. HYDRA couldn’t have grown within SHIELD—there was no way they would have been able to do that under the radar. Fury had an iron grip on the whole organisation, and Steve knew without a doubt that that man would never be one of HYDRA. Rumlow, possibly- but just because he was an asshole didn’t necessarily mean he was capable of following HYDRA ideology, come on.
She nodded, mirroring his body language like she always did and leaning back, relaxing a little. “Good, good. Want to tell me something that happened in particular? It’s always nice to think of some positives, rather than just the bad stuff.”
And he knew, clear as day, that this would only end in heartbreak.
Later that night, he lay back on his bed and held his phone up about an inch from his face, smiling up at the barrage of texts Tony was sending him about some argument he’d been having with Bruce earlier that evening. It was adorable, really- watching him get so frustrated over something Steve could barely even get his head around- and he laughed to himself in the empty room, glad Tony couldn’t hear and get offended.
“-ve, Steve, relax, calm down, hey hey hey, stop-” that was Tony’s voice, Tony’s hands trying to pull him back, keep him close but he
Except when he looked up, he saw Steve sat at the desk, looking at him with cold eyes. He looked tired, Tony thought. A little ill. “Where the hell have you been?”
Tony looked him dead in the eye, before saying “I’m not sure my husband would approve of that.”
Tony glanced down, looking at the way Peter held his hands out over his head, reaching for Tony across the room once he’d clocked his entrance through the door. Tony splayed out his fingers and waved at the kid, feeling the little flutter of happiness in his chest when Peter lifted his own hand and then appeared to try and copy the motion.
Tony shut his eyes. He didn’t know how to tell Thor that he
Again, though, Tony seemed to sense his thoughts, because he wordlessly reached for the faded blanket that they kept thrown haphazardly over the armrest and then pulled it off, spreading it out and throwing it across him and Steve. He carefully tucked the folds in around Steve’s body, making sure he was appropriately covered with warmth, before finally settling back down and letting his head drop forward and tuck itself just under Steve’s chin. “Want me to tell you about some of the new Iron Man schematics I’ve been working on recently?” he asked easily, his voice soft and quiet.
There was something curling in his gut, tighter every second, sinking low and taking all his insides with it.
“I’m counting on it,” Tony said, pulling out some comfy clothes from the bottom of his wardrobe and throwing them on. “By the way you’re talking, I’m guessing you’ve got plans for me.”
“Right,” Tony finished quietly, breaking the silence after two more minutes, “all done.”
“You know what I think we should do?” Bucky lifted his head up suddenly, hair falling messily into his eyes, “I think we should have a food break. To sustain our minds, etcetera etcetera.”
The quiet that time was long. Steve stared very, very intently at the wall on the other side. He refused to look at Tony, whose eyes had fixed themselves to the side of his face.
Still hurt a hell of a fucking lot, though.
“Yes.”
“We'd like to make a few things known about Tony,” Pepper answered swiftly, no hesitation in her voice as she looked down at him. Rhodey nodded, face turning more serious again as he stepped back a little.
The thought made him huff in the ghost of amusement, which in turn caused the driver to glance warily at him through the mirror. He supposed that was warranted. If he told anyone at SHIELD he had occasional conversations with the disembodied voice of his dead friend, he’d get a psych eval and then subsequently a firing, for sure. But that was just between him and said disembodied voice, wasn’t it? He wasn’t crazy, anyway. He just… knew what Peggy would think if she heard him, and sometimes put a voice to those thoughts.
stare, but still a little too clinical for Tony's liking. "We keep him here overnight. Do some DNA tests, see if it's really Clint's. Work out our options, and what we are going to do with him. Maybe call a few people and see if there is anywhere we could put him that would be safe for him and relatively hassle-free for us."
Peggy's foot was in his face barely a moment after he'd made himself comfortable on the couch, and it prompted an automatic sigh in response. Unfortunately, by this point in their friendship that sort of behavior was normal, and so he just looked to the ceiling in defeat. "Fuck off, Peggy, my chest is not a footrest."
“Come find me when you’re ready to apologize and accept that I have some personal boundaries, Tony.” Steve flexed his hands and then walked out of the door without another word, closing it gently and leaving Tony in the broken silence of their shared bathroom. That was it. Weirdly anticlimatic, Tony thought absently as he pressed a shuddering hand against his jaw and wiped off the blood. He’d expected there would be... more. He wasn’t sure what of. Shouting, maybe. There always seemed to be shouting, when he’d imagined scenarios like this.
Bodies littered the stairwell like limp puppets, blood smattering their uniforms, bones sticking horrifically out of place. There were at least seven men strewn over the steps, and they were all HYDRA agents, going by their badges. Tony gagged at the massacre in front of him and looked away from all the blood, glad of the suit’s filtration system that was blocking out the smell. There were no bullets, no scorch marks. This appeared to have all been done by hand.
“It was his shoes,” Tony admitted in the end, his voice barely above a whisper, “today, it was the sound of his shoes. I always learned how he walked- ever since I was like, five. His sober walk and his drunk walk. I… and then there was you, as well. You were there, and I knew if he saw you it would just… and I was scared. And I thought he was going to find us. And-“ he shrugged, shoving his hands into his pockets, “-something clicked in my head. I just reacted. I had to. I always have to react, or something- something bad happens.”
“Reaching destination, preparing landing,” JARVIS informed him, and Tony felt the suit slow, arc downward into the centre of a threatening-looking mountain range. This was a good fifty miles away from the last HYDRA base Tony had visited in Siberia—did these guys just enjoy setting up camp in this fucking hellscape? It was ridiculous. Tony needed to set up some sort of surveillance over this area if it was so fucking popular with terrorists.
steal your pillows.”
Sentiment really was a killer. Now was the time, really, when Steve should act. Tony was sleeping, vulnerable. And Tony had told JARVIS to turn himself off in the room while they’d been having sex, because Steve had always asked for that while they’d been together, and it was just a habit now. Steve could get up, search his room while Tony slept on, and go completely undetected. He could incapacitate Tony and then call up SHIELD, tell them that he’s got Iron Man.
, you were always—”
Pepper was looking at them both in confusion, and Rhodey was nodding to him assuringly. Steve hesitated another second, before breathing in sharply and then looking down to the floor.
He took a deep breath through his mouth and then dropped, landing a little clumsily onto the roof. It jarred his knees slightly, but nothing major, and he was quickly making his way down onto the grass a few seconds later, ducking under the windows and heading over to the clump of trees that were at the edge of the Stark Mansion. He had to stop and sneeze again, and it was horrible, but at least not agonizing that time. Steve thought that his nose probably wasn’t broken, just a bit banged up. That was nice, at least.
When they did end up getting back to the Tower, the penthouse floor was still abuzz with activity despite the relatively late hour. Steve and Tony shared a sigh when they realised that Peter was still up and sat on the table, banging a crayon uselessly against a white sheet of paper. Around him, the rest of the team were milling about on various bits of furniture, and Clint, of course, had taken residence on the top of the fridge for a reason that everyone had long-since given up trying to find.
Tony paused his kissing of Steve’s neck in order to pull a face. “You’re choosing pancakes over sex?”
Steve glanced down at Tony, who was listening to the conversation with a strained face and a tight mouth. Steve felt cold. He hated talking about… well. The whole of 2016, really. It had all been a shit show.
That was true. Steve… Steve was lethal, he
This was so weird.
Reed Richards’ lab was cold—that was the first thing Steve noticed. It was steely and filled with large mechanisms, technological pieces and strange devices. There was no couch in the corner of the room, but instead a long, clinically white table with four stools tucked underneath it. Everything was neat, ordered. Steve hated it instantly. But when Reed pulled out a stool for him to sit on, he did so without complaint, watching the other man as he pulled a pen and paper from his desk and then brought it back to the table.
“Tony,” Steve rolled his eyes and reached for his shirt, throwing it over his head and fitting his arms through the sleeves, “I am
love with him,” he whispered against Peter’s hair.
Tony blinked and tried to swallow, feeling the lump in his throat scratching through him. He remembered the first time he’d thought that when Steve had hit him- and the second, and the third. Clint’s words, that Tony had overheard in the living room before they’d noticed him entering, bounced around in his head like a siren.
Dammit,
He paused, looking up with a frown, “although I suppose you would be able to hold it. You’re all… pure and stuff, right? Babies haven’t committed atrocities yet- at least I don’t think you have.” He turned, eyeing Peter up suspiciously. “Although, now I think about it, that debacle last night is quite enough to make you unworthy.”
“Tony- he picked me up, I’m over at his, I’m f-“
Fury opened it, watching the clear blue-tinted footage as it immediately popped into view. It was recorded from some sort of HUD by the looks of it, although a lot of the information on the sides had been blurred out. He could still see and hear what was happening in the footage, however, and he realised with a jolt that this was a video clip from the night Stark had escaped the facility. This was the fight that Agent Rumlow had been talking of in his statement—the one between him and Rogers.
A second of blackness, and then the face of what had once been Doctor Lewinsky gazed right at him, looking into the camera. “October 7th, 2015,” she began crisply, placing her hands on the desk, “Doctor Amelia Lewinsky, overseer of Test Subject 02. After six unsuccessful attempts, we finally have a stable test subject who has yet to show any complications upon its birth. Heart rate is steady, respiratory system functioning fully, and all cognitive responses seem to be normal. No visible defects as of yet. Seeing as the test subject has only just been born, I will be overseeing the care of it. Preliminary testing will begin once we are sure it can withstand as much.”
Steve’s arms squeezed for a moment, and he pressed his mouth into Tony’s throat. “Then don’t. We can just sit on the couch and watch movies until we die of old age,” he murmured.
He stopped in the middle of the corridor, trying to remember how to breathe as Clint, Sam and Nat all came back to him. “What the fuck is going on?” Natasha said, taking his arm and looking at him seriously, “we came as soon as Louise told us you were getting into a fight with Ty. Steve, why is Tony so mad?”
Tony held it between his fingers, showing Steve the beautifully designed little crescent moon, made of silver. It was shiny and in pristine quality, implying Tony cleaned it regularly.
“This isn’t your fault either,” Steve murmured, “this is because your dad is a piece of shit on legs.”
person has been down before me, they are suddenly gone? Don’t bullshit with me Wilson, I know you’ve always wanted them-“
He had seconds. He had seconds and he couldn’t even
Tony didn’t say anything for a few moments, before he blinked and then snapped out of whatever trance he had been in. “Uhhhh- ‘m’not gonna go home tonight, don’t think. Rhodey’ll… yeah. I’ll text him- or Thor, his house is usually empty-“
He couldn’t see, couldn’t…
“It’s an excuse for Baseliners to pretend to be someone Unhuman for the one day of the year where they won’t get fucking attacked for it, you mean?” Steve slammed the knife back down on the chopping board and turned to Tony, his good mood having apparently evaporated completely. “Christ, Tony, all month you’ve been bugging me about this stupid fucking day, and all month I’ve been telling you I don’t like it. Why are you still pushing this?”
“That a clear enough answer for you?” Tony snarled, stepping forward with wild eyes, “you really think I’d fucking let you use me like that? I’m fucking
He could hear the wracking shudders of his own chest as it rattled against Steve’s; feel the shaking of his fingers as they curled into the fabric around Steve’s shoulders so hard that his knuckles turned white.
He picked the sticky note up and held it between his fingers, eyes drawn to the stupid cross at the end of Tony’s name like it meant something. It didn’t mean anything. He knew it didn’t mean anything.
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked him, cocking his head to the side and staring at Steve with a spark in his eyes.
“And that would mean leaving you here, which again, is not going to happen,” Natasha answered, this time with some steel in her voice. “Tony, at least if we’re here, you have a fighting chance when the next wave of attacks come. Telling us to leave you is like telling us to just walk away and let you die.”
They got Peter tucked into his crib without any hassle, and then he and Steve quietly set about getting ready for bed themselves, both of them already sleepy and lethargic. Tony briefly thought about trimming his beard in preparation for the board meeting tomorrow, but ultimately decided he couldn’t be bothered and then fell into bed with Steve as soon as he’d pulled on his pajamas. Wordlessly, Steve pulled him in, skin swarm against Tony’s mouth as he leaned forward to press a kiss to whichever piece of the other man his lips connected with.
Tony positively beamed, and then held up a finger as he rushed over to the kitchen counter, where he pulled out a bag of his own and then hurried back to Steve’s side, still grinning.
On the other side of him, Tony sniffed a bit and then shuffled around, hand leaving Steve’s back briefly to do something else. Honestly, the little huff of annoyance was involuntary, but it had escaped him before he could help it, and he heard Tony pause for a moment before laughing softly.
“No.”
He sat on the edge of the bath and watched while Steve delicately attempted to navigate dressing Peter, getting steadily more flustered as Peter continued to wriggle and squirm and generally be a nuisance. Tony instructed Steve to just hold on and guide Peter’s arm through firmly, but it took a good while before Steve became assured that it wouldn’t hurt Peter, and the full two minutes of teeth-brushing had come and gone before Steve finally leaned back and gestured at a now fully-clothed baby. He looked inordinately proud.
“Steve,” he responded with, sticking out a hand, “it’s nice to finally meet you,” he said through a smile.
He loved riding on Tony’s bike- it was a kick of adrenaline he rarely got anywhere else. Tony went a little too fast and turned a little too severely and Steve shouldn’t enjoy it, but fuck, he did. He loved it, and Tony knew damn well he did. Every time he laughed and clutched tighter to Tony’s waist, he heard the responding chuckle from Tony, felt the extra kick that he put in just to show off. It wasn’t wise, but Steve got the feeling that after that heavy conversation, it was what they both needed. Although to be fair, Steve would enjoy it just as much if they’d been talking about nothing but the weather- simply the fact he got to put his hands around Tony’s waist made it enjoyable enough.
“Could be either!” Peter said excitedly, and then a second later he was gone.
He watched Tony’s eyes open, staring at him so intensely, like the answer to the universe lay somewhere in his eyes. It was also such an immense feeling, when Tony looked at him like that.
Steve smiled, hands wandering underneath the button down and slipping around his waist. “Every time,
Sam yelled, and Steve could only look up and stare in disbelief as his best friend swooped low and around the ruins of the compound, yelling a war-cry as he lifted his weapon. He didn’t even believe his own eyes, at first, but then a second later, the crackling noise was paired with a light, and Steve realised that they were portals—portals everywhere, opening behind him, flooding the ruins of the compound with friends, warriors, fighters. Steve gaped at the sight of Wanda, Bucky, T’challa—he saw a silver Iron Suit land with a thud and gaped as Pepper opened up the faceplate and nodded at him. By the hundreds they came, Wakandans and Asgardians, sorcerers and Avengers, until Steve was no longer alone.
Darcy just shrugged her admittance. “I know everything and I like to share,” she told him, nudging shoulders, “why do you care anyway Steve? You jealous? You hiding someth-
Steve blushes, rubbing absently at a streak of black paint that’s running across the length of his forearm. “It helps. Painting. Painting you, actually. You like it?”
As soon as he got home, he marched into his workshop and yanked open the store room in the corner of the room that contained all his suits, all his half-finished gauntlet designs, and all the schematics that Tony had been sketching out before he’d been taken.
The table fell silent again. The atmosphere was heavy and bleak, all of them thinking about their friend back in Thor’s apartment, his future rapidly becoming bleaker and bleaker as time went on. Clint proposed that they all go over there to visit, and everyone quickly agreed to it, all of them wanting to show some sort of solidarity. Steve loved them for that. He was tired and angry and helpless, but seeing the unwavering kindness and loyalty of all his friends in action still managed to get a little smile on his face, and he left for next period with that slightest feeling of relief still on his mind.
It wasn’t home- not quite- but it was a good place to start with, he figured.
Tony's head jerked down to him, the harsh snarl on his face mellowing into one of bewilderment as he registered Steve's face. "What-"
His absence, however, didn’t last long.
He let the phone ring to voicemail, and then curled in miserably on himself, hating every single atom of his being for putting Tony through this. For hurting him. For abandoning him. For not even giving Tony the ability to break it all off, when any
that?” He hissed when he’d managed to swallow it down, a look of abject disgust on his face.
“Of course you are,” Steve agreed absently, hands wrapping around Tony’s back, hoisting them both upright as he brought Tony into an easy bridal carry, “but we had a long day. I think sleeping is in order.”
Steve listened to this as if detached from himself, from the character that Tony was talking of. Because Tony was talking as if he had no idea that Steve was involved in this. Tony was talking as if he still thought Steve was just an innocent bystander. And if he was talking like that, then it meant no one at SHIELD had let on that Steve had been the one to give him up yet. Which also meant that Rumlow was undoubtedly going to do that, right now. And Steve was going to bear witness to it.
His hands paused their tapping when another was placed over them, holding them gently and quietly calming the erratic movements.
“We’re going to make you kill your husband!”
His eyes stung; a hot burn, poignant and painful as he felt the tears spill over onto his cheeks, and then his white shirt. In front of him, Tony was watching- every line of his body looking like it was in pain. His eyes- the ones that could shine deep red in contrast to Steve’s golden- were mournful. Hollow. Filled with loss.
“I just fell off the bed and landed on something, but I don’t think it’s broken,” Steve explained calmly, before shutting his eyes and sighing, “Tony pushed me off because his dad came in the room. Neither of us had any idea he was home. If I’d been a second slower, he might have seen me.”
Ugh. Tony must be getting mellow in his old age, because he couldn’t even think of a decent response to that, too caught up in how much he fucking loved the big lug sat beside him. Ever since the idea had popped into his head nearly a week ago, all he’d been thinking about was how goddamn much Steve meant to him. How good they were together. They cancelled out the bad stuff about one another and enhance the good, and God, Tony wanted to be his husband so badly it hurt. Tony Stark-Rogers. Rogers-Stark? Nah, that sounded weird. But then, so did Steve Stark-Rogers. Maybe it could be Tony Stark-Rogers and Steve Rogers-Stark, that sounded better.
He opened it, and looked at the blank screen in confusion. Then he checked whether his GPS was on, which it was, of course. And even if it wasn’t, Steve’s vitals report would still get to him. He’d designed to be almost impossible to lose connection with, in order to avoid scares on Tony’s part. The only time it wouldn’t give him an update was if Steve wasn’t actually in the suit at all—even if he was dead, the vitals would show it.
it hit him one day like a freight train. Like a brick wall. Like… like a very heavy thing, hitting him very very hard.
it was… nice. Like now. Tony didn’t feel like using his legs at the current moment in time, so perhaps it was useful. Not that Tony was going to tell Steve that, mind you.
Wordlessly, they all began to run.
“Put all that muscle to good use?” Tony finished, and when Steve nodded, Tony slipped his hand over Steve’s, curling their fingers into one another. “We will, Steve. I promise we will.”
On Thursday, he visited his mom’s grave again.
Which was, incidentally, what he got now.
She offered up her pinkie in response, whilst the other hand pushed unruly curls off her face. “I won’t kill him. Whether we both die doing something legally questionable, though, is a slightly different matter.”
Steve didn’t budge. “I am quite frankly so far away from bothered by that fact. You’re exhausted, and seeing as you woke me up at some goddamn ridiculous hour, I am too.”
He reached the back of the biggest couch and placed a hand over it, spotting the figure curled up against the pillows immediately as he did so. Drenched in a jumper five sizes too big for him, hair a mess and face relaxed peacefully, was Tony. He must have taken a nap whilst waiting for Steve.
, has been put across alright.”
“Why is that?”
“You do realize I can just open the fucking door for you, right?”
Eventually, after a few more hours of loitering, they all got kicked out into the cold New York streets once more by a sleepy Natasha who declared she required a nap and ‘boyfriend time’. When Bruce, unwisely, asked why Bucky could get extra boyfriend time but they couldn’t get extra friendship time, Natasha simply stared at him and told him with a blank face, “well I can’t exactly peg
“You’re not allowed to buy drugs with it!” He yelled to Loki’s turned back, and Steve didn’t hear any response, so he assumed that Thor had just been ignored. Tony rolled his eyes, and when Thor came back in looking like someone had just kicked a puppy in front of him, Steve felt the movement of Tony’s arm as it reached out and patted the other boy on the back.
“I’ll have you know
Tony rang him the day after he got released from his holding cell.
There were voices on the other side of the door, and Steve spotted Natasha and Clint step through into the porch, concern written all over their faces.
He knew that they had fought for him. That they had put themselves on the line in order to keep him safe. That they would do it again, and again, and again if they needed to. That’s just who they were. For some reason, they had decided Tony was worth that.
“Sir!” He called, jumping about theatrically on his feet, “can I please go to the bathroom? I’m really desperate.”
Twenty minutes.
Tony quirked an eyebrow. “Sweetheart, I love you, but my reputation will take a very steep nosedive if the entirety of SHIELD sees me being carted around by y-
“Uh, no- bad idea-“ Steve began, but he was drowned out by Sam’s loud agreements, and only sighed when he watched both his friends push themselves out of their chairs and begin to go pilfering the cupboards. At least Steve had
That night, he pulled up his to-do list.
“Shut up,” Steve muttered, wincing as one of the sour tomatoes exploded under his teeth. God, cafeteria food was disgusting. “Not my fault you fucking stole my shoes and made me lose track of time while I looked for them.”
He turned the phone around, Tony’s name flashing on the screen. Steve sighed loudly, but unfortunately, his traitorous cheeks gave away the immediate rush of adrenaline he felt at the sight of Tony’s name. “Give it here, idiot.”
Susan looked at him for a good long time, both of them gazing at one another from across the room. She was now Steve’s last tether to this place. He would already be gone if she hadn’t halted his progress.
The classroom was loud and everyone ignored him and you know what, Steve liked that just fucking fine.
“Scan is complete,” JARVIS called out immediately, and Steve jerked again, “Mr Rogers is suffering from a minor concussion, one broken rib, and multiple abrasions to his midsection. No fatal damage. Recovery time: 2 months.”
So Steve did.
He’d never even get the chance to say goodbye to Tony.
Steve could admit, there wasn’t really much coherence left in him to process what Tony said - a second later, he’d hauled Rumlow across the room like he was nothing more than a piece of garbage. His body hit the opposing wall with a sickening thud, head cracking into stone. He fell to the floor limply, and didn’t get back up.
Tony was smiling at him softly as he leaned forward and touched their foreheads together. “I’ll be fine, Doctor Rogers,” he said lightly, “I’m very good at looking after myself.”
Tony must have slipped it in when Steve hadn’t been focusing. Which was, admittedly, nine tenths of the entire afternoon together.
“Hey, shit, are you okay?” Seemingly forgetting their argument all of a sudden, Steve jumped immediately into action, hurrying over with concern on his face as he looked at Tony’s hand gently and picked it up between his own. Tony winced, but just waved it off.
She kept eye contact for another second, and then ducked out of the room without another word.
Smiling adoringly, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony properly and let himself imagine that alone would somehow keep Tony safer. The worry plagued him constantly- would probably never leave, to be honest- but he knew that the likelihood of Tony ever being hurt was slim. Steve was too good at what he did for that to happen. Tony was no fool either- when Steve had arrived at the scene after Tony had been taken, he had already been halfway to freeing himself of his own accord. He was always carrying now, anyway- which made it even more difficult for someone to take him. Tony had a true aim and a particularly petty nature if provoked- no doubt the next person to try anything would get a bullet in a rather unsavory place.
Before Steve could even pull it off, Tony snatched it from Steve and spoke into it quickly. His face was like thunder.
He saw Tony halt in his footsteps and turn his head, eyes catching Steve’s almost immediately. His features froze up, and then he saw Tony shut his eyes for a moment, rubbing a weary hand over his face. “St-Rogers, now is not the right time, just leave it-“
jealous. He wasn’t possessive and he didn’t care who hung out with who, as long as they treated him with respect, then it was all fine. So really, he didn’t know what this was- the weirdly hot, tight feeling in his chest as he stared at her through narrowed eyes and wished she’d just fall over or maybe get permanently expelled so she’d never be able to touch Tony again- but here he was. It was stupid and definitely unnecessary but
Then Tony moved. Jerked forward and hoisted his knee up, clambering onto the bed clumsily. His hands dropped to help lift himself up, but once he was settled, he reached down straight for Steve’s hand, pulling it up and squeezing it between his fingers. “Wanna know how I trust you?” He asked. “Marry me.”
Steve pulled a face. “Course I do,” he muttered, “wouldn’t have fallen in love with you if I didn’t.”
“You didn’t even think you could give me a head’s up?” Tony shouted angrily, slamming the mug of his coffee down against the counter and making sure he was a good few paces away from Steve as he pointed a finger accusingly, “you just fucking strolled out there, headed into a top-secret terrorist base
But he didn’t have time to care about that. Didn’t even notice a flash of red hair pulling back the other guy who’d latched a hand on Steve’s shoulder, or the sound of Sam telling someone to back the fuck up.
Tony didn’t even seem surprised. Maybe that was what hurt Steve the most.
“Afternoon, babycakes,” Tony smiled down at him softly and then lifted his hand to stroke the hair from Steve’s face, “you okay? I’m sorry I left. Thought you might be peckish when you woke up, hence,” he waved the jello cups in the air before throwing them carelessly on the bed and then using the now-free hand to gently knead Steve’s clenched fists open. “You’re gonna hurt yourself, Steve. Just relax. I’m here. I’m okay.”
Tony shrugged, hopping onto the counter and wiggling his eyebrows at Steve from across the room. He felt pretty smug about it all, if he was being honest. “Hey, this was your idea. You said you were the amazing cook, and I
Steve looked at him. Under his jacket was a switch-blade that he kept for emergencies. He could whip that out and end this right now. Sure, JARVIS would probably never let him leave the room and starve him to death in this Fort Knox of a house, but at least it would stop Iron Man in his tracks.
They’d been through it all. They’d travelled through time and space, fought battles that barely anyone could ever dream of, and they’d saved the universe. They had the scars to prove it, both physical and mental. There were times when neither of them could sleep for days—periods where one of them had to leave home for a little while so that they wouldn’t upset Maria. It wasn’t easy. Of course it wasn’t. Things in their life never were. But it was worth it. Without question.
saved him, and then
Suddenly the continuous noise cut off into a much duller thumping, and Steve opened his eyes, which he hadn’t even been aware were closed in the first place. He was stood in a large kitchen, occupied by a handful of people, most of them making out in various corners.
“—me too, Steve, I feel the same—”
Steve’s mind flashed back to every time he’d touched Tony freely and without consequence, before. Linked fingers and brushed shoulders and faces so close they were touching noses. Back-to-back as the read books under the sunlight. Teeth on skin and muttered curses and when Steve had been so consumed by Tony that it was the only important thing in his entire universe, and they’d whispered their promises of eternity on one another’s lips-
There was silence again, and then Clint, again, in his usual Clint Way, blurted
to your name.” Tony was still rambling beside him angrily, pointing fingers left right and centre, and the sight of the angry billionaire seemed to inspire the receptionist to shut up, because he just nodded at Steve hurriedly and sat down. Above his paygrade, undoubtedly. Not worth any lawsuits.
came Peggy’s voice in his ear. Steve was rather inclined to agree. His inner Peggy was rarely wrong.
Another long silence stretched between all of them. Steve took Tony’s hand—shaking, again—and held on tight, feeling the other boy squeeze back just as hard.
“Oh my God, shit, your chest, are you okay?” Tony’s face fell and he sat up in a panic, hands immediately hovering over Steve in anxiety, “I fucking- oh, God, I’m an idiot, I didn’t think, I’m really s-“
"Yes, you're supposed to be fucking be," she grumbled, tugging out her hair from the fancy updo and then flicking the band at Bucky's ear, "ugh, I think I'm going to give up on this. Let mum and dad think I'm some sort of undateable witch, I don't care. Hey, maybe I could date some random guy for like a week, just to get them off my backs about it. That might be an option."
Tony threw himself forward- sudden and jerky, not bothering to land back on deck with the grace of before. Steve was already moving forward, but Tony looked up, hand moving, telling him to stop.
Tony swallowed, feeling the way the words stabbed through his chest just a little bit. He’d thought that he was getting better at the whole ‘relationship’ stuff- Steve had always said he was doing fine, but... well, now it seemed that a little bit of the truth was coming out tonight. It was correct, he supposed. Steve wouldn’t say it if it wasn’t.
“I don’t know,” Tony said, voice wavering, “but for now, just… stay here. Please. That’s all I’m asking. Just stay with me.”
“Ugh, it’s been a long day,” Tony let his head drop backward, leaning into Steve’s shoulder as his back pressed up against that truly magnificent chest, “I don’t ever want to look at another circuit ever again.”
At that moment, the door slammed back open again; and both of them turned to see Rumlow and Director Fury himself glaring at them from the entrance. The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck stood on end as he saw the man they’d just been discussing. Rumlow’s lip curled. Steve thought that he was giving Steve a slightly different look now, different to the usual disdain. Now it seemed more like he’d become a pig destined for the slaughterhouse.
He cut himself off as his eyes caught on something ahead of him, and before he knew it, he was jerking to a standstill in order to look.
Steve glanced mournfully over to the bed, where he’d been peacefully about to receive a blowjob just minutes earlier. Sometimes being a superhero really sucked. Seemed they were always just getting fucking interrupted.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh as Tony tugged him forward, manoeuvred him so that Steve was lying against Tony’s chest with his arms curled loosely around his waist- all while the man was still half asleep. It didn’t even seem as if Tony had properly woken up at all, and that was definitely an indicator as to how little the man had been sleeping since Steve had been away.
They stormed into the building, Tony hearing Thor confirm his landing not even seconds later. Nat and Clint would be on the other side of the facility, and Tony quickly informed them of the situation. His arms ached fiercely as he lifted his repulsors to fire at the first non-SHIELD uniform he caught sight of, but he didn’t let it slow him. He couldn’t. He was in fight-mode, now.
and not
pretty excessive, even for me-“
The kids watching all gasped, enjoying the show as Steve dug into Ty, and the boy in front of him just smiled tightly and tried to stop his blush of mortification showing through. Steve couldn’t help but grin- watching Ty squirm was pretty satisfying, and he figured that Tiberius rarely ever got insulted right to his face like that, especially not in front of crowds.
“I-“ Tony finally sounded a little distressed, “Howard, I’m not fucking- God, couldn’t you have called ahead or something, I’m really not prepared to be-“
And then Howard Stark would have put the phone down, and he would have gotten in the car to go home and have it out with him. Maybe the bastard had been on his way back while Steve had been on the phone with Tony. Maybe he’d driven past Steve’s street on his way to beat his own son bloody.
Tony just harrumphed, surreptitiously pushing his head into Steve’s hand and pouting. “You’ve known me for how many years, and you still don’t think I’d be capable of marrying you purely for the drama of it all?”
Tony was a terrorist
But as he walked down the corridor to head to his next lesson, he caught sight of the guy. Walking out of class, casual as anything. His nose was blackened from the altercation with Tony yesterday, but other than that he showed no signs that he had suffered any sort of consequence for what he’d done. He was talking to some friends—Steve wasn’t sure who it was; maybe Zeke and Vanko—but that barely even registered at all.
Steve threw his hands in the air, tamping down on his despairing grin. “Oh for-
Of course, then everything went wrong again.
“It appears Master Parker has been having difficulties settling. They are both watching Looney Tunes in the living area, however he has acknowledged my suggestion about making coffee and a cup will be ready shortly.”
hands and he’d get a hard-on.
Smiling, he opened the letter and pulled out its contents. There were three slips, the same as everyone else, and Steve had bordered them with little cartoon drawings of the whole team. It looked adorable, and Tony grinned up at Steve, grabbing him by the collar and pulling him down for a kiss before he continued.
so Tony has no idea why it’s having such an extreme effect on his stomach.
Steve shot him a scathing look, grabbing one of Sam’s napkins and chucking it in Tony’s direction. “Don’t remind me.”
He was really tired. Not to mention emotionally drained.
The wall that guarded Tony’s mansion was bigger than Steve could reach, but he made his way up the nearby tree and then scrambled over the top, jumping out onto the sidewalk a minute or so later. He looked a complete mess- his shirt was covered in red splatters and his face was covered in blood, as if he’d been in a fight. He realised that Bucky was going to take one look at him and immediately declare raging war on Tony, and so with another sigh, he grabbed his phone and shot off another text to his friend.
Fuck what the rest of the world thought. Tony Stark was adorable.
There were more bodies in this room than anywhere, mainly because Tony figured these guys hadn’t been able to flee the compound, and had instead been trapped right in the eye of the storm. Looked like they’d been scientists, mainly. Few soldier uniforms. Tony felt no sorrow for them. He stepped over their corpses and headed over to the corner where Steve was tucked away. “Sweetheart?” He tried again, “Steve, it’s me. Tony Stark. I’m the cool red and gold robot that’s coming toward you now.”
“What’s your fucking name?” Tony jammed a finger at him violently before pointing upward, “I’ve got a lawyer upstairs, his name’s Ray Wallace- look him up, because he’s going to make sure you go down for assisting in an unlawful kidnapping, buddy—”
“Why didn’t you
Tony just shrugged, leaning against the wall. “I deserve my ass-grabbing. I’m about to go and spend the rest of my night getting really angry about AIM’s shitty moral compass. Let me have my fun.”
“Your word means nothing, Stark,” Zeke called out as they both walked down the corridor; Tony’s hand curled tight around Steve’s arm, “you’ve lied too much for anyone but Rogers over there to believe you.”
Fuck, he’d probably gone too far. Sighing, he turned on his heel and walked back the way he’d come, glancing up to the street names as he did so. But none of them were particularly recognisable and he frowned deeply, wondering where the hell he must have turned.
God, it had been an hour and Steve was still thinking about that stupid girl for no reason. Maybe she and Tony were actually dating, for all he knew, and Tony just hadn’t told him about it. Apparently he stared at her in chemistry. Maybe they were together. Maybe maybe
Steve stopped. That was… certainly an idea. Bad or good, Steve wasn’t too sure.
He shook his head once. She sighed.
Hah- wasn’t that the fucking truth?
He heard Rhodey’s chuckle as he stepped out of the door and looked out to the car Pepper had now sat herself in. “I’ll see you ‘round, Steve. Look after him for me, yeah?”
Steve said, louder that time.
He made sure not to think of anything else other than the immediate. He did not think of going back home again after all of this. Of the fact that this was all so horrifically, disturbingly wrong. He didn’t think of 24 hours ago, when everything had been perfect and normal and Steve had been in love, thinking idly of the future as if it were a certainty.
Tony looked up at him with at least four day’s worth of stubble, and possibly three day’s worth of no sleep under his eyes. He looked like shit. Even worse than Steve did, probably, which was saying something.
That made Tony laugh, and he pulled his eyes open in order to look up at Steve. His neck twitched, a little ache springing from the dark hickey on his neck, a wonderful reminder of everything that had happened, and everything that was to come.
“Whether you do or don’t, I’ll still love you all the same.”
Tony hummed, giving Steve room to elaborate on his explanation. This bit was the important part. He’d run through this story a dozen times now, and he just had to hope that Tony would take the bait. Steve cleared his throat and nodded. “Well they hired me to do some digging around a military base in Nevada. Fort Oswald.”
Steve interrupted him with a delicate kiss against his mouth. Tony hummed. “You spend as much time with DUM-E as you want,” he agreed fondly, “but I’m holding you to the camping thing, though.”
Only a Stark could do something like that.
Steve gritted his teeth. “80% of any infiltration is all about walking like you know what you’re doing,” he said weakly. “I’m going to tell the receptionist that I’m taking you to meet your lawyer. You’re going to spit and curse at yell at me about how you’re going to ruin my life and sue me for everything I own, then sue SHIELD for everything that
“Speaking of,” Tony said once he was done explaining proudly how Steve had taken out Doctor Doom with nothing more than a well-placed headbutt last week, “I’m due to check in with him ‘round about now, so I’ll have to excuse myself.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket with one hand and shook the man’s hand with the other, then wandered off to the side of the room next to the glass windows, leaning idly against them as he switched on his phone. Steve’s suit had had an in-built vitals monitor fitted into the centrepiece of his uniform, and as Steve had said, it gave Tony an update every two hours. If Steve wasn’t otherwise occupied, he’d send Tony a brief message as well, explaining the situation and how well it was being handled. They were good at this, by now. Reminding one another they were safe. The protocols they had in place to keep each other informed. After years of stress, it was just easier to let one another know everything that was going on. And seeing as Tony liked to check up on Steve’s heartbeat during the day anyway, this hardly even seemed unusual any more.
“Okay, so we’ve got a lot to get through then,” the other man said as he flicked up one of the holographic screens in front of them both and then leaned back until he was shoulder-to-shoulder with Steve. He smelled like coconuts.
______
All that time they’d been searching, and they’d never heard a peep. He’d just thought Loki had been lying all those years back, but then… God, and Steve had fucking abandoned the search. He’d let Bucky down, again.
Shutting his eyes, he pressed down on the back of the reactor, feeling the jolt of Steve’s body as the electricity ran through him. His chest was fast gong from aching to unbearable, and he knew he wasn’t going to remain conscious for much longer. JARVIS would have signalled one of the team by that point, and they’d be coming down here as fast as they could. Maybe they’d be able to help Steve once he became useless.
“That’s true,” Steve said as he passed by Tony to get to the toaster, squeezing the man’s butt as he went. Tony jumped and then laughed, much to the chagrin of the present team-members.
Steve nodded. “Yup.”
, he couldn’t. It was there at the forefront of his mind- every memory of Tony’s scared face when they’d been arguing, every bruise he’d put on the other man’s body. Steve was so strong. Tony must have been… terrified. For weeks. Terrified of Steve. Terrified of making a wrong move.
When Tony walked Steve to his door half an hour later, he was wearing the most adorably bashful smile Steve had ever seen in his life. “This is very stupid, but I don’t really want to let go of your hand right now,” he admitted, a little pink flush creeping across his cheeks as he watched his own feet shuffle nervously along the floor.
Tony and Steve looked at one another across the room, both of them analysing the other with intense eyes. Steve wished he could get inside that boy’s brain—just find out what the Goddamn hell he was thinking. He wondered if Tony thought the same. Although, probably not. Tony always seemed to be able to read him like a damn book.
, to try and make a conscious thought to plan ahead when you start off with those brazen ideas of yours, so that you have a little support with you in the aftermath of them. Otherwise… God, I don’t even want to think about what could happen.”
“Anyway,” Tony said after a few moments of silence, “apologies on behalf of my terrible friends aside, I did actually call for a reason.”
“i believe you,” Tony whispered.
See, one day Steve would work out how to respond to things like that. He knew Tony used nicknames for everyone, but it still sent something short-circuiting in his head whenever he heard it directed his way. Like the first time they’d spoken outside the principal’s office and Steve had almost fallen into the door in response.
Tony paused where he was stood, fingers lingering against the little bit of Peter’s sweater that he’d absently been sorting out. Something tight closed around his heart, and he looked down with a small huff. Steve was probing- probably thought Tony was gonna catch baby-fever after this or something, and then beg for a family of his own. Like he’d be any fucking good at that. Anyway- Steve had made it abundantly clear how much he disliked the very concept, and Tony was not going to push that. Not right now. There was too much on his damned plate.
“And if you can’t?”
“BASTARD!” Steve yelled again, more distantly this time, and oh, wow, looked like Tony had a concussion, huh? He tried to lift his head, move his limbs- but they were weak and fragile and he crumbled back to the floor a second later. His ribs were crying out. Something on his face was bleeding.
, Tony needed to go home.
Steve snorted and threw a bandage at the gap between his eyes, before catching it swiftly and then turning back to the sink in order to fill up a bowl of warm water. He could sense the pout his best friend was making behind him, so he rolled his eyes and turned around again.
“Kiss me,” he whispered, simple and honest, “we’ll sort our stupid lives out in the morning.”
Tony shook his head, gobsmacked. Steve wasn’t saying that, he didn’t mean it, not really. “No, no, that’s… don’t be stupid, come on—”
“Well, we can pretend this conversation never happened and that I didn’t embarrass myself by trying to look smart in front you.” He thought he heard Tony’s grin through the words, and couldn’t help but roll his eyes to it. “I will get on the line to the wonderful Sargent down there at ground level, and see if he’s up for some collaborative action.”
. It drove Tony mad, watching how Steve treated himself. Like just because his body could heal meant that it wasn’t important to try and protect. It seemed SHIELD and everyone else thought that too- to them, he was just an asset. A soldier to do their dirty work. Before Tony had come onto the scene, they were sending Steve into some quite frankly shocking situations, and worse, Steve had gone willingly, because he thought that it was his duty. That the human rights laws and Geneva fucking Conventions just didn’t apply to him because he was enhanced. It made Tony’s skin crawl.
needed. Last night… it’d just been a little blip, a stupid thought spiral. The team still wanted him around, obviously.
Luckily, at that moment Natasha and Thor rushed back in from the other direction; Thor meeting Steve in the middle and grabbing him in a bear-hug whilst simultaneously spinning him around so he wasn’t facing Clint. Everyone was yelling now, and Natasha had already started shoving Clint away in the direction of her room, but Tony could hear his bitter mumbling from the other side of the kitchen. “Fucking
“All fluff-free,” he declared, “I just spent about ten minutes pulling it all off, so you better eat them now.”
He kept watching as Tony slowly slid his hand up to Steve’s face, fingers brushing across his lip in a feather-light caress that was barely even there at all.
“No, I’m not angry,” Tony interrupted before Steve could continue, shaking his head and huffing disbelievingly. “Did you arrange all this last night?”
“Tell me what happened in Gulmira,” Steve blurted, walking over to the desk and leaning his hands down against it. Had it been anyone else, it would have been a threatening pose, but Steve knew he just looked desperate. It was the one thing Tony had done that Steve couldn’t explain away, the one thing that seemed like truly senseless violence. “Tell me why Iron Man wiped that whole fucking town off the map and flew away a few hours later without a care in the fucking world.”
He at least expected a pause. But Steve’s answer was immediate. “Yes.”
trust anyone else. I know this is asking a lot. I know. I’m sorry. But I don’t know what else to—”
3 separate detentions, not to mention failing all his goddamn exams, but… but the sense of being overwhelmed wasn’t really coming.
Steve choked. Stumbled over to the sink in their en-suite, wondered whether he was going to throw up his guts. He didn’t. He just choked. His body didn’t know what to do, how to respond—was this poison? Was the pain an injury? Should it raise his temperature to burn off the pathogens?
Tony turned off, driving parallel to the queues of traffic in front of them, and Steve just looked at him in something similar to bewilderment. Even now, he still couldn’t work out why Tony was spending so much effort on him. Poor old Steve, needing help yet again, and Tony didn’t even think twice- just hopped in his old man’s car and picked him up off the sidewalk like it was no big deal.
They were going to get prouder.
It was only when the thing lit up and a thin, vertical sheen rapidly spread outward, extended from the floor to the ceiling, that Tony suddenly realised what was going on. That was an energy filter. Force-field, if you wanted to be crass about it. He knew that because SHIELD had pulled the box out of alien wreckage back last May and kept it here in storage ever since.
Steve looked up to the sky each night and waited for Tony to come home. He knew he was up there, somewhere. He’d gone up in that ship, and he would come back. Steve was sure of it. This was the only bit of hope he had left now, and he couldn’t let go of it.
Tony paused. His hand went back into his pocket, and Steve got ready to stop him again, but he didn’t take it out. Just held onto it under the fabric of his jacket.
Steve settled back down in his spot beside Tony’s head, losing himself in his own thoughts once more. It was the easiest place to go while he waited for the next time he’d need to wake Tony up. He had no idea what he was going to do in the morning. It was a school day—but Tony couldn’t go to school, not in this state, and Steve couldn’t leave him. How was he going to explain this to the Wilsons? They’d realise he was gone in the morning if he just didn’t show up for breakfast, so Steve was going to have to call them to explain.
Steve smiled faintly to himself and leaned down to spit, popping the brush back into its little container. As he straightened his back up again, he felt something tighten painfully once more in his chest and winced, hand covering his heart as the other went to the sink to steady him. He figured that it was taking his body a little while to work its way back to normal, and so until it did his heart was just having a spasm or two every now and then. Not overly serious; probably just a valve that had been tightened by the electrical pulse, but nothing that wouldn’t be fixed over the next forty eight hours or so while the serum worked its magic. If it hadn’t gone in a few days or so, he’d let someone know. But until then, he wasn’t going to worry too much.
There was a beat of silence, and then a sullen-sounding “am not,” came from the other side of the room, behind the off-white door opposite them. Steve smiled weakly, looking at Bruce.
They both worked, again, in silence, for about a minute or so, until all was clean and well again. Steve knew he was shaking, and he wasn’t sure whether it was from the freezing water dripping down his neck or something else, but when he stood up he made sure to ignore the urge to shudder. He could handle a little rain.
“Do you like any of the aliens who invade our home?”
But that didn’t make everything else just go away.
“Wow,” he choked in the end, feeling the breeze hit his face and blow his hair back, “this is…”
Steve felt himself blushing. Again. “I- I mean- you’re not… you’re just…”
“You hiding from someone again?” He asked after a second, but Tony just shook his head a little and leaned forward, bracing his elbows against the table as he turned and grinned at Steve.
“Oh,” he breathed out softly and then watched Tony’s face twist for a moment, before evening out once more as he shut his eyes and ran a hand over his face. He let off another bark of laughter- unusually loud in the quiet room- and when he opened his eyes again, he looked at Steve with moonlight bouncing off his irises.
“I’m afraid we have evidence to suggest that the child is still in the building,” Michael informed them, stepping forward again. Surreptitiously, Tony placed his hand on Steve’s back and held him in place, stopping him from immediately responding and marching up to meet the other man. Steve swallowed, but then consciously relaxed at Tony’s touch.
sort of weird.
Yeah. All in all, not his finest moment.
Tony blinked blearily and lifted himself away from Steve’s shoulder, turning around. “Ah,” he said with a nod, “right, yes, workshop. Come on, Steve- enough with the maudlin thoughts, hey? It’s Friday. We can’t be maudlin on a Friday. That’s against the rules.”
“What the hell is going on?” Came a voice from behind them all, and Tony felt an involuntary smile creep up his face as he registered the voice.
She sighed again, tugging him in closer and beginning to walk them up the steps once more. Her smile was fond. “You seem to just inspire the best in people, Steven,” she said cryptically, before letting go of his arm to fiddle in her bag, “you’re not actually going to go to that party though, are you?”
“Yes, but I also programmed you to answer all my emails with links to Rick Astley; you’re a learning program J, you have to decide what and what is not appropriate for guests who have never even seen-“
"Huh," he huffed quietly, glancing back down with a cocked head, "Peter Parker."
“It was because Howard was there,” Steve continued, “and we didn’t know-“
“Good day?” Steve asked him quietly, his hand slotting into place over Tony’s hip and running back and forth. He asked that question every night- just to make sure, just to keep an eye out for the bad stuff, knowing that Tony would find it harder to lie about it when he was here in bed, half-asleep and vulnerable. Tony should have thought of it as annoying, but he didn't. Couldn't even if he goddamn tried.
But he didn’t know how to put it into words. Didn’t know how to condense the massiveness of his emotions down into some pathetic little sentence that wouldn’t ever truly show Tony what was going on in Steve’s soul in that moment. So he said I love you instead, and hoped it would be enough.
A few people had turned to look at them both curiously, and Tony would have said something, done
Steve laughed, jumping on behind him and wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist. “Put your foot on it, Stark.”
Tony batted his hands away gently, rolling his eyes. “Right as rain. I can handle myself, you know.”
“We can’t just leave him like this!” Steve hissed, his voice edging close to hysterical, but Thor just ran a hand across his face wearily and slumped.
He took a small, almost imperceptible breath in- and then he played.
“Don’t worry darling, I know exactly what I’m doing- it’ll be fun, I promise,” he said smoothly, and Steve was glad he had his head bent over, because he was pretty sure those words alone had turned him firetruck red, and he was talking about fucking
It didn’t make sense.
floor, right up until Natasha gave him the all-clear five minutes later through a short text. Steve was already moving by the time he’d opened it, and he’d made his way back to the underground level in under a minute, not passing any other agents on his way. When he reached the desk, there was a new agent sat behind it, and he regarded Steve with a suspicious eyebrow-raise. “We don’t have any interviews scheduled tonight,” he declared as Steve walked by.
do you know how fast my heart fell to my fucking shoes when i read that note, asshole-”
Bucky nodded happily.
One was, of course, family. This included his friends, his team- they were as close as he was going to get to blood relatives anyway. His mom was the only real family he knew, although even she was growing more fragile with each day. Soon, he knew he would have to let her go. But for now, there was not a task on heaven or earth that he would not complete for those he considered family. For those who he was loyal to, and who were loyal to him.
He froze, blinking a few times and trying to work out what Tony was saying whilst his buddies all sniggered behind him. Of course, he wasn’t stupid- he worked it out a second later and took a shocked step backward.
necessary to the team. He
But Steve just rolled his eyes, slipping his arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him in. “I ruin your clothes every time I get frustrated with trying to undo the buttons, but you still love me.”
Steve felt the deep wound in his side start to tear in unbearable pain, and for a moment, there was nothing except the agony taking over every part of his body. He fell to the floor with a thud, his arm catching upon a nearby chair. Something ripped under his skin, and Rumlow wasted no time. He smashed his fist against Steve’s face, pummelling him back into the floor as he tried to sit up and fight.
“He’s not Clint. He’s an unarmed civilian, and he’s dying.”
Steve paused, and he looked almost wistful as he glanced over to the mug in between Tony’s fingers and shook his head. “Doesn’t affect me anyway. Keep your bitter mud, Shellhead, I’ll stick to orange juice.”
make me worse- I was in them for most of my childhood, and going back to them just makes me…” he broke off, shuddering. “Please- take me to Sam’s. Bucky’s dealt with this enough times before, he’ll look after me.”
Tony had just been yelling about how he was sick of Steve's shit, and Steve had been yelling right back, harder and sharper and more furious, because they always had to try and fucking one-up one another, they always had to have the last word.
Then Steve hurled him across the room like he weighed nothing more than a pebble, and those thoughts quickly vanished from his mind.
It was maybe twenty seconds later when he heard the compression of cushions as Loki sat back down without a word. When Steve glanced at him, he was staring down at his phone. He wasn’t entirely sure why Loki had chosen to stay—almost certainly not for his benefit, at the very least. Seemed he had a bit of a soft spot for Tony though. Steve couldn’t blame him for that. No one could be around Tony Stark and not start caring for him in some way or another.
He looked at the phone nervously. This felt like a breach of trust, and the worry and guilt was slowly piling up. He hadn’t even considered Tony might have been struggling with that on top of everything- he’d just been too angry and hurt to do anything other than leave the situation before he ended up escalating it. It was a habit his therapist had encouraged in him, but now he wished she’d just let that bit slide. He should’ve stayed. Fuck, he should’ve stayed.
age?” He asked, wiping his hand on his jeans. He knew people were probably looking at them both, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. He felt like a sap, but Tony was smiling, and that was really all that mattered.
But that was a whole different thread of hurt that Steve wasn’t feeling ready to tug on just then, not to mention irrelevant to the fucking matter at hand. Steve blinked away the memories and straightened his back in order to look down at the file. His personal life wasn’t important. Not when he was seeing a report which told him that the very same man Steve had fallen for all those years ago —the one Steve would have done anything for—was Iron Man. Supervillain. Terrorist. Traitor.
“Understood,” he said, readjusting his bag once again and pushing the sight of that tiny knowing smile out of his mind, “show me to the ‘best group in school’ then.”
“Miss Romanov,” he slid up to her side smoothly and placed a hand around her arm, starting to tug her sideways, “I’m going to have to monopolize your attention for a moment—Avengers Business, you know the drill.” Shooting a knowing smile over to the group of people she had previously been talking to, he led her away to a quieter area and then turned her to face him. “We’ve got a situation.”
“Thank you,” he said honestly, before flicking droplets of water on Bucky’s face and grinning, “-jerk.”
to, so Steve really didn’t see what the fuss was about.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pah. Fat lot of good that was now.
He felt lighter.
Tony said nothing for a second, and then he took in another breath. “I’m sorry too,” he said, turning his voice gentler, “I didn’t mean to snap. I’m just… look, I’m really sorry, but I’ve gotta go. I’m kind of working on a tight schedule here. When I’m finished, I promise I’ll go over to Thor’s. That sound okay?”
“We have the advantage of darkness,” she said, “we’ll keep quiet and we’ll pick them off before they can even reach the cabin.”
He looked away and swallowed down the nausea, and instead just gently helped Tony back toward the compound. Tony was home. That was all that mattered.
Tony paused, and then nodded once, looking back down intently at the folder under his hands. 52 was a normal rate for Steve, seeing as his heart was naturally slower than most baseline humans. He was fine. Just like he’d been fine 2 hours ago, and 4 hours ago, and this morning, and the day before that. He really knew by this point, that he should just cut it out. It was weird. Steve was okay.
Nothing. Just a throbbing pain when he delved too hard. He winced, pulling back and then huffing irritably.
Slowly, Steve wandered over to him, making his steps known as he moved. Tony didn’t turn fully, but his body shifted, one of Steve’s baggy shirts sliding over his shoulders, revealing skin. Steve’s eyes were drawn to it. He checked briefly at the mole sat just above his shoulderblade. It never did any harm to monitor that sort of thing.
Reed was still talking. Steve knocked him out. Swift blow to the head that would have been easier for him to block had he been expecting it. Steve, however, moved fast when he wanted to. He kept the man from landing heavily on his side, instead settling him gently against the table, and then made his way over to the machine on legs that finally seemed to be cooperating with him. Now, he had a goal in mind. There was a point to his actions where there hadn’t been before, and his body welcomed it.
He couldn’t just sit here and wait for—for whatever it was, to be over. People could start dying soon. He didn’t know how dangerous this thing was, but if it was enough for it to have caused casualties within minutes of emerging, then no doubt it would put up a fair fight.
“It’s because no one’s good enough for you,” Bucky told her with a roll of his eyes, “your standards are too high, lady.”
“But I like seeing your face,” Tony grumbled, head jerking up, looking at Steve before he pressed a messy kiss to his cheek.
Tony didn’t say anything. He looked off to the side of Steve, swallowing and keeping his eyes fixed on a random point of Bucky’s house. Steve just waited for him.
She just smiled. “T’challa owes me a favour. I think he came in on his own personal jet, which I imagine is pretty speedy.”
“Tony?” The voice was soft and gentle and
were being stupid, and Peter just wanted them to kiss and make up already- because
He laid his hands, gentle, on Tony’s shoulders. Looked at the almost perfect red circle painted on his temple. He was lying on his side, but Steve could see the crimson as it began to spread through the grey snow below his head, like a perfect halo dampening his dark curls. Exit wound was always bigger than entry.
“One week,” Tony promised, finally turning on his heel and starting to walk away properly, but continuing to keep his head turned in Steve’s direction. He waved. “Love you bunches!”
He swallowed and shut his eyes, biting down on his bottom lip and feeling the tightness in his chest. Every so often, the self-hatred came back around again, just as big and strong and domineering as before. It never got easier to look at the man you loved and know that your shield had been embedded in their chest, that just an inch further would’ve killed them for good.
Yeah. They could probably manage to make out for that much longer. “I’ll start the countdown now,” he informed Steve, before grabbing him by the collar of his shirt and then tugging him in again.
was bringing Tony in. Granted, the whole ‘Robot Rising Out of The Sea’ thing hadn’t been part of the plan, and Tony going out to stop it seemed rather uncharacteristic of Iron Man’s previous actions, but that didn’t mean he was suddenly cleaned of all his past sins. He’d killed people. He had a big plan at hand, and it involved bringing SHIELD down to its knees. And what with the arsenal Tony had on his side and the genius he carried with him every day, that was something he could very well be capable of succeeding in.
it just made Tony ache with happiness whenever he saw them. Pavlovian response, what could he say.
A lot of things about Tony were sad, though.
He didn’t even know how to say it. How to put it into words, how it had all felt, going back there. It felt like he and Tony were just living in a never-ending cycle, always finishing in a Siberian tundra, fighting one another. Steve just couldn’t stop fucking hurting him, not matter how hard he tried.
to be.
“Yeah, I know,” Mr. Wilson sighed, “that’s exactly what I’m worried about. Look, we’ll talk about it more when you get back from school, alright? I don’t want to do this down the phone.”
He turned his head to Tony, who was already up and scrambling to find his pants. “JARVIS?” He yelled tersely.
Everyone looked at one another. “Who called them?” Steve asked, “it wasn’t me.”
The next time Steve opened his eyes again, some considerable amount of time later, he discovered that he was already being watched.
Scrambling out of the bathroom, he went to grab a sweater and yanked it on, rushing outside with the rest of the team, all of them feeling the vibrations become stronger and stronger under their feet. As soon as he was out the door he was craning he neck, looking upward,
Steve blinked. “What… what is it that you ‘get’, Tony?” He asked, his voice slightly wary, and Tony blinked sharply, turning back to the bath and picking up a handful of bubbles just to have something to do.
He missed- hands hitting the dressing table next to him instead, and the glass of water he kept there tumbled loudly, smacking into his face and sending water all over him and his pillow.
“Really? ‘Cause it certainly fucking
Behind their line of sight, Tony’s hand tightened a fraction around Steve’s. But Steve just nodded casually and turned, facing them all. “That’s me,” he answered with a tight smile.
They looked at each other for a long moment.
“Peter?” Steve asked, wiping his nose and scrunching his face up in discomfort.
“Mmm hmm,” Steve nodded sagely and continued to kiss him, “go do ‘em then.”
“No visible results,” she declared, clipped, “more tests will be done tomorrow in order to see whether the test subject reacts to different stimuli.”
Sam’s eyes narrowed, and he stepped further out into the corridor, but Steve just sighed and looked up at him, shooting his friend a weak smile. “Seriously, Sam, don’t worry. I’m fine. It just… didn’t go as planned. But it’s fine. I’m fine. I promise.”
Feeling warm and happy, Tony rolled onto his back and looked at the ceiling, his thoughts on Steve. He missed him. But that was weird, because Tony had only seen him this afternoon. Then again, it was just so easy to miss him as soon as he stopped being there. Tony wondered whether he might actually be addicted. This had to be unnatural behaviour. Steve had mentioned something about there being a mild chemical in his canines that had aphrodisiac qualities, among other things. After some probing on that, Tony had discovered that if Steve bit him, it’d be a bit like feeling high. It was so that any prey wouldn’t struggle or feel the pain as they died, but seeing as Steve wouldn’t be killing him, Tony
So there was that.
. Do you understand me, shitwipe, or would you like me to make it a little more obvious?”
Instead of sleeping, he got to work.
There was a short pause, and Tony’s heart found itself sinking. He didn’t know why his first instinct was to lash out- to be cruel and rude to the people who were only trying to help, but knew as soon as he’d said it that he shouldn’t have. But he could never just keep his fucking mouth shut, could he? Had to hurt everyone, even when they were good.
“Tony!” Steve’s voice was desperate now, “Tony, just… I’m coming in, okay? I need to know you’re alright. I won’t touch you, I promise. Not unless you want me to.”
“No they weren’t, they’re ancient and timeless.”
Then again, it was New York. Not even
Before he could do anything else, though- before he could cave, break under HYDRA's force and just give them what they wanted- he heard something. A distant whirring, steadily getting louder. Louder. Familiar.
Steve rolled his eyes and shut the elevator, catching sight of a raised middle finger just before the doors closed behind them. Tony chuckled and leaned against Steve subconsciously, and the other man ducked his head, kissing Tony. “You look gorgeous,” he murmured, hands skimming across the suit material that fitted snugly around Tony’s waist.
Steve grinned to himself as he pulled out his phone, happy to simply scroll through Instagram in quiet as his friends chatted and lounged around him. It was a certain kind of comfort, that ability to just sit and do nothing with your friends. Without the awkwardness. Without the worry. Steve really, truly loved it. These were people that he knew he could be himself around. That he knew he could rely on, without question.
God, Tony should have gone with him. He’d
Things were good.
“Shhhh,” Steve smoothed a hand through Tony’s hair and kissed him again, “don’t worry about it for now, alright? You just sit there and let me look after you. It’s all gonna work itself out.” Thor came back with the ice pack in that moment, and Steve snatched it out of his hands and placed it delicately against the angry bruises that flared up across the side of Tony’s face. Steve worked meticulously, going over every one of Tony’s injuries and fixing them up as best he could while Thor sat next to the other boy and just talked—about anything and everything he possibly could think of. Loki came back after a while, dropping the clothes on the side of the chair.
YOU IDIOT- I’M TRYING TO KEEP HER ONLY SON FROM GETTING HIMSELF KILLED!”
Tony’s face didn’t change a shade. “Why would an upstanding organisation such as SHIELD want to be illegally buying my weapons off the books, Brock?”
Tony whines and shuts his eyes, which isn’t a good idea, because his sight is the only thing keeping him balanced, and he quickly discovers this as he keels forward directly into Steve’s waiting arms.
And Steve had laughed- a lovely throaty thing that made Tony smile just from hearing it. “Uhhh, I don’t know? It depends on a lot of variables. If it were in a park, maybe- but here? Tony would beat you hands-down. He knows every nook and cranny of this tower, you wouldn’t stand a chance.”
Today it was dad who greeted him. He was sat with a coffee in hand and tablet in the other, idly tapping at the keys and trying to keep his eyes open. Peter knew he hadn’t been sleeping well- it wasn’t exactly hard to tell. And although they never spoke to him about what they did with the avengers, Peter could guess that that had been the trigger for all the stupidity lately.
It was weird. Good sort of weird, though.
“He’s alive,” Natasha declared loudly, her fingers slipping from Happy’s neck and her shoulders sagging. Tony just blinked and nodded. He couldn’t fathom up an emotion. All he could see was the damage around him. The proof of his failure.
“So imminently, then."
He pulled a face and then took his own picture, sending it off to Bucky with the caption
“I can see that, babe,” Steve answered in amusement, shucking off his jacket and then wandering forward. He wound his hand through Tony’s when he arrived at his destination, and felt the tug when Tony pulled him into a quick kiss of greeting. “This certainly looks… professional.”
“I- is that supposed to mean something to me?” Steve asked blankly.
“It’s fine,” he’d whispered, shaking his head in assurance, “I promise, Tony, it’s just my shitty head that blew it all up out of proportion. You don’t have to do this.”
There was the faintest sound of hissing as all the catches and releases in Tony’s suit locked up, and JARVIS quickly processed the orders Tony had given him. There. He was now essentially locked into this Tin-Can until he got back to base and could disable it manually. Or it was forcibly ripped off him.
“You believe it, don’t you,” Tony’s voice spoke up once more, softer than before. He was still rubbing his reactor almost nervously, like he expected it to give out at any moment. “You believe what he said about Barnes.”
hospital.”
Just as he heard the voice that told him to come in, Tony’s own mixed in with it, thrown out absently as the boy turned back to his phone and started typing lazily.
“It’s not about what we want,” Steve told him, “it’s about what we have to do. About what I’m
Throwing himself down and clutching on to a jagged shard of metal that had been left exposed, Steve stuck his hand out wildly, to catch Tony- stop him falling to his death.
“Nuh uh- let’s veto that,” Tony said with a jerky shake of his head, unwilling to let go of Steve, even for a second. He wound his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him down again, standing on his tiptoes and leaning against Steve’s body as they kissed.
Tony thought savagely,
Sitting down gingerly at his desk near the back of class, he sighed heavily and rubbed a light hand over the band-aid across his forehead. He could still feel the ghosting sensations of Tony’s fingers placing it there; warm breath against the side of his face as he worked. Every time their fingers brushed or Tony touched him, it felt like an electric shock. He couldn’t get over it- couldn’t get over all the ways in which Tony could drive him crazy without even trying.
Steve felt his face flush, and he rolled his eyes. Bucky had always been protective, but it seemed since his mom had passed away he’d decided to take on the role instead, fussing over him like he was a kid. “Yes, Bucky- if you hadn’t noticed, I do actually have this thing they like to call ‘freedom of will’-“
They stayed there for a while; Steve rocking them back and forth as his fingers stroked softly through Tony’s hair. It was difficult to even contemplate- dealing with the loss of not one, but
For a second, Tony did nothing except look at him incredulously. Then he burst out laughing, pulling Steve into his chest and hugging him in delight.
how it sounds to hear you screaming through the comm like that as you fall through the air without your fucking suit-“
The bass dropped on one of the songs playing, and Steve stared at everyone dumbly as they started jumping. He really couldn’t imagine jumping right now. He thought he’d probably throw up.
“I promise you, they’re never going to get those weapons on the market,” Tony told Steve with utter conviction in his voice, pushing him back onto the stool. “Do you trust me? Because I need—I need you to trust me here. They won’t leave American soil.”
Steve said nothing. Instead, he went and took a shower.
He couldn’t find a thing.
Steve wondered how bad he must look to illicit a
She observed him for a moment, before huffing and looking away. "Then find me a decent man in this stupid world. Can you believe I had to sit there and try not to stab myself with a fork for an hour and a half whilst that dimwit mansplained
He watched, numb, as Natasha swiftly hurried over to him, her face tight, edged with a desperation he’d only ever seen her show once or twice before. Clint came to stop by Tony’s side, grabbing his arm, saying words Tony couldn’t hear. Steve was gone; probably to check the other floors. Still desperately clinging on to hope that wasn’t even there anymore. Delusion was the more accurate word.
“Shut up,” Rhodey said fondly, ruffling his hair, “you’re only jealous because you can’t make traps with us.”
Tony was Steve’s universe. It was bad, he knew, to be this emotionally compromised- but in all honesty, Steve couldn’t care less. At this point, everything revolved around that man, and the world knew it. Tony was, essentially, the safest man in New York. The single attempt three months and twenty-nine days ago (Steve would never, ever forget) to try and use him as leverage against Steve had not gone well for the perpetrators. They still hadn’t found all the parts of their bodies. Undoubtedly they never would- Steve had been very, very thorough.
He heard Tony step forward. “Hey, I didn’t mean that to sound… I’m sure you would’ve survived on your own, God knows you get into enough altercations as it is- just thought I’d help you out. They shit their pants when I get mad at them because they’re fucking pussies, so.” Tony shrugged, “it’d be cool to have someone like that on your side, I figure-”
Steve sighed, and Tony gently shifted his shoulder, pulling a hand around the back of Steve’s neck and stroking the hairs there. “Let’s go take a nap, huh?”
The next time he woke up, Bruce was in the seat Tony had been in, looking down at a tablet with a face full of frowning lines.
Tony laughed, and his voice was broken from the crying. “You seem sure of that.”
He couldn’t open his eyes despite being conscious, but he could hear something. Faint and quiet, and yet still soothing. Steve felt his mind settle at the sound, and as he became more aware, he realised that it was a quiet rendition of ‘Back in Black’, various parts of it hummed as the singer forgot the lyrics.
Tony swallowed. “Which door am I looking for?”
In that moment, he came to the sickening realisation that Steve was going to hurt him very, very badly.
without having planned more than two days in advance,” Sam said, wiping tears from his eyes as he shook his head, “did you hear Piledriver yelling about how they were unstoppable?”
“My name’s Tony, by the way,” his d–
“Thank you,” Tony said, and— oh. That was… what?
he wanted to say,
He was sick and frail, but that didn’t stop him from tearing Steve a new one in front of everyone, ripping off the arc reactor and smacking it down into Steve’s hand bitterly as he told Steve exactly what he thought. Steve didn’t say a word, and wondered if he’d ever stop letting Tony down. All he could do, once more, was catch Tony’s arms before he could collapse and then carry him over to the medbay to get some more rest. That was where he stayed vigil, right outside Tony’s door, so the man wouldn’t have to wake up and see him, and maybe a little bit so that Steve didn’t have to see him either. There was something so utterly soul destroying about seeing Tony like that; so weak and fragile, all that spark and life that’d been in him, crushed by the weight of his loss and his sickness. It hurt.
Tony groaned into the tablecloth, hearing Steve’s grin in the way he huffed. Some things never changed, of course.
When Clint looked a little sheepish, Steve looked at him blankly. “You put him through on the comm, didn’t you,” he said with pursed lips.
Fuck. 48 hours ago, they’d been in bed together, happy, relaxed, content. Tony really fucking hated their jobs, sometimes.
Steve turned to him, and Sam’s father just shook his head. “I’ll drive you there,” he said firmly, eyes going back to the road ahead of them. “I… I didn’t know, Steve. I’m sorry. It just feels like trouble surrounds that boy, and we only want the best for you. We know it’s been so difficult, and we were never expecting everything to be plain sailing, but—”
Steve felt something inside him go cold; that final little bit of doubt shrivelling into nothingness and revealing only the cold, hard truth: Tony really hadn’t been lying, and SHIELD really was corrupted. Rumlow was clearly part of it, too, just like Tony had said. Steve tightened his jaw and lifted his hands defensively, glancing briefly over to Tony. He was still working at the window, but he kept glancing in their direction every few seconds with an anxious look in his eyes. “This isn’t a fight you need to take up with Steve,” the man called out, diverting Rumlow’s attention for a fraction of a second, “I’m the one who knows enough to get you locked up. Steve couldn’t even touch you.”
“Look, I know you say you don’t do Halloween or whatever, but it’d be lowkey, just you and the rest of the guys coming over. We could eat shitty candy and take cool pictures and whatever, and just have fun. Be relaxed. Like any other party, except with more fake blood and toffee apples.” Tony smiled at him reassuringly, but for whatever reason Steve didn’t seem to be taking the bait. His smile was gone entirely now, and he slipped out of Tony’s grip, taking the bag of onions to the chopping board and picking up a knife to begin cutting again.
“Artificial intelligence,” Steve repeated, “you have an artificial intelligence in your room.”
, you’ve no idea how hard I’ve tried,” he laughed humorlessly and then shut his eyes, taking a deep breath.
Sure couldn’t have predicted
Bruce didn’t say anything again. The silence was loud, painful. It hadn’t been like this with any of the team before. But now, he supposed- now they knew what he could do. What he was capable of. Now there was an element of fear in their eyes that hadn’t been there before.
Tony’s jaw clenched, realising that Steve was actually considering this. “One in a million chance,” he said, “absolutely no scientific evidence that any of us could replicate that. Steve, you cannot be serious here. No. No, we’re not doing it.” He stood up from the sofa abruptly, Steve following him swiftly.
Steve just grinned. “It is for
Jan sighed, shooting him a sideways glance that was a tad too sympathetic for his liking. “You don’t see it for the same reason he doesn’t,” she said, her shoulder bumping lightly with his, “neither of you thinks you’re good enough for the other.”
“Okay- how did the meeting with those clients go?” Steve asked him, pulling away and then looking Tony up and down in worry. He was still wearing the smart clothes; must have come straight here once it was done. He didn’t look like he was sporting any injuries though, which was comforting. “Did it go okay?”
Steve grinned wryly, and then turned to look at the door. “You can come in, Tony,” he said.
“Oh, just because you’ve been chauffeured around in Tony’s fancy Ferraris and bikes for the past month, now you’re all pissy about getting down to basics again,” Bucky scolded him, catching the look Steve made when a part of the dashboard fell off in his hand.
It was all so wrong.
They’re both tired, and cranky, and really, it should be a recipe for disaster.
sorry. There were a billion words on his tongue, but none of them were enough. None of them ever could be.
Tony’s brows knitted together, looking over at Steve. His shoulders were tight, eyes on his own hands as he bit his lip. Nervous habit. “You don’t feel afraid touching me,” he said, before pausing. “You don’t, right?”
There were murmurs of agreement around the room, and after they’d all piled their orders into him, Natasha chucked the money into his hands. “Hurry up, Steven- you should be able to make it before the best scene at the end if you’re quick.”
