“Well, that you’ll have to take up with Dean.” Gabriel didn’t like to think about what went on between his brother and Dean Winchester. He wasn’t a prude by any means, but there were some things he was happy not knowing. Dean Winchester was technically on the ‘don’t want to think about’ list, but needs must sometimes.
A few minutes later, Cas sends another picture. It’s angled upwards to a tree branch, and the baby bird peeks over the edge of a nest, it’s beak open in a loud, angry chirp.
“It’ll work.”
Sam looks at Dean. Dean grimaces, but nods.
Sam’s eyes are full of disappointment. He shakes his head. Eileen’s eyes are wide and worried. “It’s nine a.m., dude.”
“He’ll be fine,” Mary agrees. “You don’t face off again Lucifer and come out unscatched. Not that you would know, you coward.”
He bends over and vomits.
“Castiel,” Jody chastises.
Sam swallows. “Okay then.”
At night, in the quiet eyes between climbing into bed and falling into sleep, Dean presses his palms firmly between Cas’s shoulder blades, kneading the muscles in small, circular motions. Cas won’t ever complain that he’s hurting, but Dean knows he does; and there’s not much he can do to soothe it, but he can do this; Cas never asks, but he doesn’t shy away either. Instead he leans into Dean’s touch, relaxes under it. Dean hopes it helps, even just a little. Sometimes, at night, Cas recounts the memories he’s regained, more and more coming back each day; some pieces Naomi drilled away, some eroded away due to trauma and age; but slowly, they come back, like the tide to the shore. Dean listens intently each time, hanging on to every word Cas says like a lifeline, listening to the rumble of his voice, feeling the vibrations in Cas’s chest under his palm. There’s a wistfulness there. A timid mourning that Cas never verbalizes, but Dean feels, witnesses, in the way Cas’s eyes shake as he speaks of watching Nero fiddle while Rome burns in the background, or how Heaven failed to intervene in Faustus’s demon deal.
Dean shakes his head. “I need to do this on my own.”
God? I think I know of him. Mother talks of him.
“Take care of him,” Jody says. “He’s going to need a lot of help.”
The very first thought Dean’s brain supplies him is
(See the end of the chapter for
After a few minutes, a few brave birds come up to Dean and Cas, sniffing behind Cas’s back curiously. Their wings flap in excitement.
“Wow.” There must be hundreds of them. Their cries fill the air, and they move in sync like one large, black blanket. They travel easily over the rocky terrain. Dean sits next to Cas and watches the penguins. They’re shorter than Dean expected—Cas explains this breed is called
Dean chokes on his spit. “Sorry, bud, I’m taken.” He reaches out and takes Cas’s hand. The penguin screeches. Dean winces. “I’m sure there’s a nice lady penguin for you out there somewhere.”
“They want us to come back.”
The darkness starts to bubble, like ocean water.
At least there’s
Dean’s muscles stiffen. He goes stoney. He can still Sam, tied to that chair, soaked to the bone; that smell of burnt flesh.  . .
Dean watches Gabriel. “You’re lying. Either about the angel being alive, or them being able to help. Which is it?”
He stands, and his legs wobble like jelly. He grabs his dead guy robe off the hook and cinches it as the waist. He sticks his feet into his slippers. He walks past his desk, and he adamantly avoids looking at the bloody jacket that rests on the back of the chair. He takes Miracle up the stairs outside, where the bitter wind bites at Dean’s skin.
“Not yet,” Cas says, and Dean understands his hesitance, understands that reluctance. He won’t let himself have hope, too afraid of the disappointment that might come. “It’s too early to tell if they’ll fuse with my grace. If I will—” Cas swallows the rest of the sentence.
“It’ll make him go mad,” Gabriel seethes. “It will change him. Like Hell changed you. Your brother. You still think about Hell. Every night, don’t you?”
, Dean wants to say. It’s lodged in his throat, choking him.
“Hold on,” Dean says, following after him. “Wait, don’t go yet. I— I got something for you.”
“I’m fine,” he replies petulantly.
“How’s he doing?” Henrickson asks, leading Dean back to the table.
Eventually, he forces himself out from under the covers and grabs the jacket, pinching the fabric beneath his fingers. He smells it. It smells like dust and nothing else. But Dean slips it on and leaves his room. It’s late. Sam and Eileen are in bed by now. He walks down the hallway and stands in front of the door to Cas’s. This time, he doesn’t hesitate. He pushes it open and steps inside.
“Yeah,” Gabriel nods. “If we just keep him away from his Pops, teach him how to use his grace for non-destructive means, he might be good.” Gabriel looks right, then left. “Hmm. Not sure a concrete block is the best place to raise a kid. Any chance you’ll move to the suburbs? Might need to start researching school-districts. Start saving up for daycares.”
“Argentina’s a long way away,” Eileen points out.
“Dean, it’s been six months.”
“Game plan? Dean, I told you. He doesn’t want to go home. He’s got roots here now.”
“Dean,” Jody snaps. Dean shuts his mouth. Cas is clearly distressed, twitching, lungs making a weird, huffing sound. “Castiel, I’m sorry. This is too soon. We’ll let you rest some more. We can finish this back in Lawrence.”
And even though it’s a slow process, Dean knows progress is being made. Some nights, like now, when he kneads down on the spots that ache, he feels
“Huh,” Dean says. “Guess some good can come out of this.”
back for chapter two! thanks to everyone that's been reading, commenting, kudos-ing, and reblogging! I appreciate everyone of you!
“What can I say? I’m a heartbreaker.”
“Finally!” a familiar voice says. Dean’s blood runs cold as the figure steps inside, turns to him, and
Dean watches Cas. He’s still trembling, but it seems less violent. The lines in his face aren’t as deep. He’s more relaxed. At least, as relaxed as he can be, given the circumstances. But Sam’s words from last night still ring in his head; that withdrawal can last from three to five days. They aren’t even over the hump. And when Dean thinks about it, his eyes are drawn to the bruises indicative of drug use. And thinking about that makes him think of the injuries he can’t see. Because he knows they’re there, hiding just below the surface. The air smells like blood.
“Great.” Dean sighs. He grabs the empty coffee cup and stands up, the chair screeching against the concrete floor. He walks to the kitchen and rinses the cup out and stares in the fridge. There’s cold cuts and cheese. He pulls out ingredients and starts making lunch, mostly for something to do with his hands. He focuses on the smell of mustard to try and ignore his mother’s quiet confession; he spends time internally debating between cheddar or Muenster to forget about Cas in that barn, on that dirty, rotted couch. Turkey or ham, to keep his mind away from the fact that, somewhere, Lucifer’s unborn baby waits in the womb of an innocent woman, the magnitude of its power totally unknown. White bread or rye to forget about his mother, her betrayal, and her entanglement with the group that kidnapped and tortured Sam.
Cas texts Dean later that night.
“What’ve you been doing?” Dean asks, watching her.
“How thoughtful of him.”
“You said he could be good!”
“What’s wrong?” she asks. She actually does sound concerned, like she might truly care for Castiel’s wellbeing.
Dean inhales. “Yeah—I think so.”
Dean can’t help himself. He laughs.
“Get out,” Cas growls. “Everybody get out.”
Jack glances at the sky. “They dream. Every angel and demon in there, they sleep, and they
“Not very convincing, Cas.”
Sam rolls his eyes. Dean walks into the kitchen, jittery. He grabs two bottles and pops the caps off. He rolls the cap between his fingers. The toothy edges press into his skin. He drinks. It’s cold, but it settles his stomach. He goes back to the library and slides Sam’s bottle across the table.
He smiles, like an idiot. For a moment, the world stills, and his problems vanish. His best friend smites demons without breaking a sweat, and he also stops to reunite baby birds with their mothers.
Cas-tee-el, the voice pronounces slowly, curving around the syllables, as though it is tasting them for the first time. Castiel.
“No. I have a whole list of things I’d like to say to her, but I probably shouldn’t.”
“You know the face.
Dean takes Cas’s arm. Cas leans most of his weight on Dean and together they quietly shuffle out of the room. He relishes in the solid presence, the warmth, the heartbeat. There is no one at the nurses’ station and Dean sighs in relief. There’s no one to stop them.
In the end, Dean only manages a few hours of sleep. He’s back at the hospital before sunrise; Cas is still mostly out of it, but he is calmer than he was several hours ago. Dean’s grateful for any respite Cas can get. Sam is still in the chair when Dean gets back, wiping the towel across Cas’s forehead.
, Heaven zero.”
“We’re worried about you.”
Sam pauses, then peers through the peephole.
Sam shrugs. “The Men of Letters want to eradicate anything supernatural. I guess they wanted to get him before he did get into trouble.”
Sam’s about to say more, but then Eileen enters, her heels clacking against the floor. She’s wearing a long, red dress, and her hair is up in a bun. She looks beautiful. Dean’s happy for Sam, and jealous of him at the same time. And then he’s angry at himself for being jealous. Sam deserves happiness, he’s got his happiness, Dean should be happy for him —
Dean texts him goodnight, and almost instantly receives a reply back.
The lights above Gabriel’s head flicker, and they turn from the harsh yellow to a muted orange, like diluted hellfire. Dean gulps and leans back. His ears ring; low in tone, but high in pitch, like an insect is stuck between his brain and ear drum. Dean coughs and rubs at the back of his neck. His skin itches, and his eyes start to hurt. He continues to stare at Gabriel, but the longer he looks, the more his eyes hurt, like he got chlorine in them.
“And what is he going to do when he does catch up to her? Ask her politely to come back with him? She’s been evading us for months.”
But was the cost worth it?
Dean watches from the doorway for a moment. EIleen sits at the bar counter, signing excitedly. Sam’s face is flush and he’s grinning wider than Dean’s seen in years.
He’s grateful for the change of subject. Thinking about his mom—about what she did. “He hasn’t caught up to Kelly yet, but he thinks he’s on her trail.”
Things break, further.
Dean and Sam share a look. Sam’s expression is guarded, but Dean knows him well enough to recognize the concern.
The breath leaves Dean’s body. “Too damn long.”
Sam signs thank you. He takes Dean’s shoulder and Dean yanks out of his grip.
look—the offended bitchface. “Since Mom left.”
“I’m going to get Cas back.”
“God,” Cas mutters, barely audible, “please God just kill me, just
Sam sighs and uncrosses his arms. “I asked about methadone. Dr. Roberts says it won’t help, since it’s an opioid. He’ll just have to suffer through it.”
“Yeah, Mary, it is. And you made your choice. So there’s the door.” He points upwards, to the large metal staircase, and the thick, heavy door.
They’re sitting at a table playing board games. Eileen is killer at poker; she’s managed to bluff her way to winning three rounds in a row, and Dean still can’t pick up her tell. Desserts are spread around them—pie, ice cream, cookies, and candy bars—all sorts of goodies that make Jack’s eyes bug out of his head when he first sees them and jittery as soon as he sits down. From across the table, Dean can see his eyes are practically vibrating from the sugar, and Dean laughs. It’s a good night. He can’t remember the last time they had a good night like this.
Gabriel has the audacity to look incredulous. “In hiding.” he says it slowly and pops his lips.
It doesn’t help him relax. It makes him more anxious. His heart thrums rapidly. His feet shake. He tosses and turns, unable to get comfortable. His mind races.
“Everyone else wasn’t in the Empty. My powers don’t reach there.”
The art for this fic was done by
There’s a sound of flapping wings. Dean sighs in relief. Fucking
They fight more. She calls him a child.
Dean awkwardly shuffles to the door. Before he closes it to leave, he hears Sam’s voice, low and placating.
“Yeah. Apparently, he pulled another fast one on all of us. He’s been in hiding all this time.”
“Because that’s the way it’s always been!” Ever since he was four years old, he’s done everything on his own. It’s what he knows. It’s where he’s most comfortable. Dad was the same. He didn’t trust other hunters; avoided them as much as possibly, and only worked with them when there was no other option. His dad and Bobby didn’t even get along; their relationship was a working one, nothing more. The last time they’d seen each other, Bobby threatened to shoot dad in the face. Dean’s been trained to work alone and he has no reason to trust the Brits; actually, he has a mountain of reasons to distrust them, and why doesn’t Sam get that? “When have we ever needed anyone else?”
Cas scoffs bitterly.
Her eyes move around the room. She rubs his fingers together. “Oh, you know. Jogging, tai chi, meditation.” She swallows and looks them in the eyes. “Melting rugaru brains.”
“Sorry.”
His attention is, instead, enraptured by Castiel, who lays on one of the double beds, flat on his back. His eyes are closed, and his chest rises and falls in a steady motion.
It’s past midnight when Sam enters, arms crossed over his chest. “You need a break. Go to the motel.”
Sam shares a look with Eileen. Then back to Dean. “You can’t be serious.”
“It’s my responsibility as an older brother to do that, you know.”
“It hasn’t even been three days yet, Jesus Christ, let him, let him breath for a fucking second—”
I doubt you’re a nobody, Castiel reassures.
They have to be somewhere. Someone has to know about them. The fact that this last archangel has stayed low is good news for them; if they were gung-ho about the apocalypse and Lucifer’s plan, they would’ve shown years ago. Maybe this last archangel is like Gabriel—maybe they like earth and humanity. And if they can find that last archangel, they’ll have more ammunition against Lucifer.
“What’s going on?”
you—”
There’s a long pause.
There’s a long pause. Dean has to check his phone to make sure the connection didn’t cut out. Sure enough, the timer still counts up. One second, two, three, four, five, before Cas inhales, and Dean can envision his face, that stone-cold, soldier look he draws on to fool others, to maybe even fool himself.
Dean shakes his head. “Not hungry.”
“He wants you to be his mate.”
a reblog!
“I’m okay,” Cas gasps. His voice sounds raw, like he’s been screaming for years. “I’m
Cas barely eats, despite the fact Dean knows he’s starving. Cas struggles with spooning Jell-O with his taped hands. Dean offers to help him once, but the icy glare Cas shoots his direction shuts him up.
It’s Dean.
Dean watches from the doorway, heart in his throat.
Dean nods, chews on his lip. “Right. Of course. Of fucking course he would. Stupid secret keeping mother — “
“Hey, I had reason to be wary.”
“He’s been pissed at me before.”
“Yeah. Can I come closer?”
“How long are you gonna keep this up?” Sam asks.
Dean stares at those three words and resists scoffing. It was unbelievable just a few hours ago, and it’s unbelievable now. Cas is—he’s never careful. He’s probably the least careful of the three of them. He takes stupid risks. He runs into the burning building before he knows if there are people in there or not.
Dr. Roberts smiles softly. “We’ll be right here.”
Dean stands there, fist halfway to the door, and he’s about to turn around and walk away—and the door opens.
Your father is Lucifer.
“I know.” Sam flips his sandwich. The cheese sizzles. Burned. Dean shakes his head and drinks—damn kid can’t even make a grilled cheese.
“Sam!”
Gabriel sees old scars and wounds. He assesses their origin: hellfire, a demon claw, a stab from an angel blade. There are lots of those, criss-crossing everywhere across his torso, face, eyes. There’s hardly a place on him that isn’t scarred in some fashion, old or new, heavenly or hellish. Even Castiel’s wings are in tatters, feathers barely hanging onto the bones, if there are any at all.
But now Cas is aware of the three pairs of eyes locked onto him, full attention. He swallows uncomfortably and then turns back away, facing the far wall. He grips onto the safety bars of his bed and squeezes, bruised veins popping out against his skin.
At last, Gabriel finds it. The remnants of Castiel’s grace. It’s hidden deep in his chest, like it's hiding from harm. And its shape resembles that of Castiel’s wings. It’s wounded, curled in on itself, and dim. Hardly the supernova that is breathed into all angels upon their birth. Not at all like what it was years ago, when Gabriel played with the boys in the television; it hadn’t been a supernova, but it’d still been bright and blue, no doubt the grace of a warrior. Gabriel reaches out with his grace, wrapping it around Castiel’s. He breathes, pulsing his grace into Castiel’s, focusing on healing the wounds.
Can we talk?
“There’s a shocker, right there, dropout.”
Sam still stares at him. Dean’s phone buzzes again.
“Not sure. This is Lucifer we’re talking about, after all, and in case you weren’t aware, that guy’s preeeeeetty crazy. Does the apple fall far from the tree? Does it even leave the branch?”
Dean shakes his head. “No, no. There’s more to it than that. There’s got to be.” Another sip. “How did they even know he was there, if he was just minding his own business? Why go after him when there are monsters out there actually hurting people? Something doesn’t add up. Mom knows something, and she’s hiding it from us.”
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose. “Okay,” he says. “I get this is going to happen, whether I want it to or not. I’d rather it happen supervised than you do it behind our backs. If we’re going to do it, we’re going to do it safe. Let’s get it prepped.”
“What are you talking about?” Sam asks. He furrows his eyebrows. “What do you know about the monsters?”
Dean and Sam jump and scream. Dean’s heart skips a beat. He sucks in a breath and slams his hand against the table.
Dean has the decency to look ashamed. He swallows, then his eyes flicker down to his feet. “I wasn’t.”
He drinks and watches Netflix on his laptop, trying to focus on
Cas’s teeth chatter.
“Yeah. He could be. He could also take after his good ole Pa and decide we’re pond scum. Could go either way, really. I’ve weighed the odds figure it’s seventy-thirty we lose and are toast.”
“Just wait there.”
Gabriel clicks his tongue. “Okay. Not a lot of time, but we’ve done more with less. It’ll be okay.”
Dean dials the number. It rings and rings and rings.
“You pointed a gun at Jack’s head.”
But at night, in the quiet, Dean still sees Cas choking on his own organs, convinced he was going to die.
“The missing one? Are they still alive? Did you know them?” Dean looks over the rim of glass. Gabriel’s face is pale, but his eyes shake inside his skull.
. But Sam whispers in Dean’s ear, “Let’s give him space,” and Dean is following, out the door, Balthazar trailing behind them sulkily.
“Oh?”
Sam sighs and rubs his eyes. Eileen frowns too, and leans into Sam’s side.
“What do you want?” Mary says, standing next to Dean.
Mary comes back, with beer and burgers, and she grins and shifts nervously on her feet.
Within five minutes, Jody and Henrickson are sitting in front of Cas, notepads in their laps, a tape recorder on the small dinner table between them. Dean sits beside Cas, holding Cas’s good hand.
“Huh?”
“And if this doesn’t work?”
. Now that it’s within his grasp, Dean doesn’t know what he’s going to do. How will Cas be? How do they move on with their lives from here? How different are their lives going to be now?
What comes out is, “You’re my best friend. Other than Sam, no one’s been in my life longer than you. When shit hits the fan, I know I can count on you to have my back, because you’ve always had my back. Even when I don’t deserve it.”
“Because he won’t let anyone touch him. We suspect shock, and honestly, it’s not surprising, given what he’s endured. He screams blue bloody murder if you get within arms’ reach. But,” she puts a steady arm on his shoulder, “maybe knowing a familiar face will help calm him down.”
“You should go first,” Sam says. “I’ll come in later.”
Chapter Seven
“What?” Cas says, sounding tired. Dean can imagine him rubbing his eyes; can imagine the bruise-like bags under his eyes.
Dean takes a step in and closes the door behind him quietly. “Cas?” Cas’s head turns towards him. Another step. “It’s me. Dean.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says. “I don’t know what to say.”
It’s two in the morning by the time the physical examination and other tests are performed, and Cas is finally left alone by the doctors. Henrickson is preparing to leave for a motel room, but he says he’ll be back in the morning for a statement. Cas sleeps fitfully on the hospital bed, dosed up to his eyeballs with antibiotics and pain medication. He’s dressed in a flimsy hospital gown now, but it makes him look more human.
“What’s wrong?” Mary asks. Dean turns his phone to show her. She frowns, immediately squaring her shoulders. “You shouldn’t go alone.”
A pause. Shuffling. “You’re Dean, right?” a female voice says. “Castiel told me about you. He said you would help.”
“Anyway, he’s here to help with Rosemary’s baby. Gabriel thinks the kid can be good. What do you think?”
“So, the monsters are gone ‘cause of the nephilim?”
“We should get back soon,” Cas says.
“See to it that I don’t. We don’t want any problems, do we?” Crowley raises an eyebrow, but Dean continues to glare. “Anyway, how’s our favorite choir boy?”
Dean and Sam both deflate.
He feels Sam’s frown burning into his back.
It’s like a knife through Dean’s heart, twisting. The pictures. The table. All those instruments, some of which he has no idea what they are or how they were used.
The credits roll and the next episode starts up. During the cold open, Dean’s fingers go to his cell phone, and before he knows it, he’s typed up a message:
His heart feels right inside his chest. That’s all that needs to be said.
Sam nods. “Bring him home.”
Come talk to me on my
Cas smiles; soft and subtle, but it’s the smile only Dean gets to see, warm, capable of melting ice.
A sob scratches at Dean’s throat. His lungs shudder behind his ribs. He braces his back against the elm tree to hold him up. The blade falls from his fingers into the dirt.
Dean shrugs. “Well, an iota of a chance is better than what we had before. Guess I’ll call Cas, tell him what we think. And about you, I guess.”
The radiologist had just left after going over the CT scan. Swelling in the brain, he diagnosed, from blunt force trauma to the head. It’s putting pressure on his optic nerve, and is the cause of Cas’s blurry vision. According to the opthamologist who also came in, once the swelling goes down, Cas’s vision should return to normal. All they can do is wait.
“You’re turning down bacon?”
“You did tell her to get lost. And you’ve been ignoring her calls and texts.”
“Thank you for accepting me into your family,” she says. “And Jack, too.”
There’s a nagging sensation in the back of Dean’s mind. He tries to ignore it by drinking and reading; it quiets, but it never quite goes away. It lingers, like an itch that can’t be sated.
“He really okay?” Dean finally asks in a whisper, terrified to rupture the heavy silence. This has to be a dream, right? He’s waited so long to hear Jody say those words. He was beginning to expect they’d never come, not in reality. He’s afraid to pinch himself. Afraid he’s going to wake up alone in his bed, the empty silence of the house mocking him.
He just didn’t think it would come from his mother.
Dean climbs out of the car, closes the door, and walks towards Cas’s room. Sam deflates and waits for the world to crumble.
“I have this,” and Dean clasps his hand over the handprint, brushing against the dried blood.
But now that he’s at the door, just inches between him and Cas, their fight comes back to the forefront of his mind and Sam’s words echo in his head. Doubt pulls at Dean’s heart.
Jack. How—why are you speaking with me?
The dial tone is loud next to his ear.
“They’re the damaged ones,” he explains. “Like dead skin. They fall out to make room for the new ones.”
He turns on his back and stares at the concrete. It’s hard to believe there was a time they didn’t have the bunker; when home was just a far off dream, and they had no clear idea where they’d be sleeping that night. Sometimes a seedy motel with questionable stains, sometimes the back of the Impala, which got more and more uncomfortable the older and taller he got. Roomy for two children once upon a time, but now he has to bend his knees to lay down, and his shoulders are too wide to fit on the bench.
“Aunt and Uncle?”
Let's never do that again.
“They’re going to keep me here and I--I don’t want that, I want to get up, get out, see something, and no one is going to stop me.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, frowning. “Don’t know what he wants. We’re kosher.” He pushes his chair out from under the table. The feet scrape against the concrete.
Dean hates that these are the thoughts that keep him up at night. He yearns to be an average Joe, worthless in the eyes of heaven, where he has to worry about property taxes, and HOAs, and the neighbors playing their music too loud too long into the night. Normal people problems. He doesn’t want this life. He doesn’t want to be special; doesn’t want God to notice him.
Either there is a God, or there isn’t. And if there is a God, Dean decides he’s a righteous dick.
“Who the hell are you?”
Dean swallows. “What else do you know?”
“Good bye, Dean.”
Gabriel shrugs. He’s got a lollipop between his lips. “You’re right, it wouldn’t.”
“Nevermind.”
“Thanks,” Sam says, staring down at another tome.
“Even I’m not that evil. And they’re going to let him run Heaven? You think he’d like a side-gig in Hell?”
“Will you stop already?” Dean snaps.
Jack is standing beside them, nodding. “Yes—if you pray to me, I’ll hear.” Despite being only five, he looks like a young adult. Acts like one too, for the most part—even if he still prefers velcro shoes over laces. He’s in college now (thanks to Sam’s handiwork in creating fake IDs) studying sociology, and kicking ass at it. Dean can’t but feel proud—the same kind of pride he felt when Sam got his Stanford letter.
Cas stops whispering. He cranes his neck up to look at the crucifix. The soft lamplight refracts in the tear tracks on Cas’s face.
Sam sighs.
“I missed having a mom,” Sam says, pinching his eyebrows together, “but I never missed Mom. Couldn’t, y’know? Mom was the photos Dad lugged around in his journal. The reason we lived the life we did. She was just an idea, not a person. I didn’t know her. But you did. No matter how brief it was, you knew her, and she meant something to you.”
“So, new feathers are coming in?”
Having Gabriel on their side was a big win, even if Dean’s still doubtful about his intentions and loyalties. Having two archangels? They might actually have a shot at this.
if you really liked it, could you please share? it would make me very happy
“What are you waiting for? I killed a man. I broke man’s law and God’s. I won’t fight you. Arrest me.”
If they’re still alive, that is.
He swallows and hangs up.
“Always.”
Chapter Two
Dean snorts. “They’re flakier than my breakfast.”
“You? Not hungry?”
“Then I’ll make it quick. Promise.” Cas still stares, expressionless. “Please.”
“He doesn’t have all of his grace, moron. Did you forget the part where I said Lucifer
“Do not give me the face.”
“Yes, Dean?”
“We don’t know a whole lot right now,” he says, professional and matter of fact. “We don’t know anything about his physical condition, much less his mental state. It is vital we tread cautiously. And it is vital that when we do see him, you do not show your own hurt. We can only imagine what he’s endured during these last two months, based on Black’s history. You have to remain calm and not upset him. Understood?”
Dean snorts. “Right.”
“When?” Sam snaps. “When did you start working with them?”
Sam stands there, flabbergasted, as he locks the door once more. “Uh, hello to you too.”
Gabriel rolls up his sleeves. “Staying away from the hospital was the best thing. If he suddenly got better, like angels tend to do, there’d be no way to explain it.”
Please keep the archive warnings and tags in mind as this story progresses. I am happy to answer any questions about content/triggers in DMs (to avoid leaving spoilers in comments)
The hunt is, unfortunately, definitely their thing.
another step closer— “He pumped you full of drugs, he beat you”--another step and he stands beside Dean’s shoulder— “starved you, and he raped you!” Cas visibly flinches. Dean wants to reach out, touch him, but he knows it would not be welcome. All he can do is stand there, uselessly, just like he’s been for the entirety of this ordeal, ever since he drove to Cas’s office that first day. Balthazar, clueless, continues,  “You don’t have to pretend like everything is okay, because it’s not Cassie, it’s really, truly not, and I know you’re tough and you’re strong and you’re grown, but you’re still my baby brother, and it’s okay to let me in. He
“Of course, Dean,” Cas says, like it’s routine, even though Dean knows the bastard runs straight into danger with less than a half-cocked scheme more times than not. Like he doesn’t need to be reminded. The dial tone echoes in his ear.
Jody smiles. She pats Dean’s cheek. “I know. You’re good for him.” She kisses Dean’s cheek. “Call us soon as he’s discharged, okay?”
Here's the next chapter! Hope you enjoy :)
His knee bounces.
Is there anything in here that can wound God?
Did baby birds need heat lamps? Dean wasn’t sure; he’d make a note to research it later.
“Even I know you can’t force this—”
Sam leans forward. “Mom, we have our own tool kit, and it works just fine. And for obvious reasons, like broken ribs and . . . burnt feet. .  .”
"You’re playing with toys beyond your comprehension. This isn’t about your feelings, okay? This is about reality. You humans think you’re invulnerable—that you’re the most important creatures on this rock, but one day you all age and wither and die, no matter how ‘strong’ you think you are. It doesn’t matter if you eat meat, or if you stay vegan, if you drink, or if you spend your whole life sober. It won’t matter if you stay celibate, or if you sleep with everything that blinks at you. Your teeth grow in then fall out, you lose control of your facilities, and sometimes your mind, an entire life wiped away without magic, even! Just your body betraying you. It doesn’t matter. You all end up underground eventually. And strength won’t stop you from bleeding out if you get a knife between your ribs. Strength won’t keep your brains in your skull if a rock falls on it. Strength won’t keep your heart beating through old age, or disease. Same thing with Cas. It doesn’t matter how strong he is. Everybody has a limit. What that grace would do to him, it’d be a fate worse than death. You’d be forcing him into a hell on earth.”
“Don’t you fucking say it — “
Dean rolls his eyes. There’s frustration, worry, anger, but also fear, that ever-nagging iota of awareness that this is one screw up that can’t be undone. “Trust me, he does not want to be working at a Gas N Sip for the rest of his mortal life. He hates it.”
“You’re just going to let him sit there and not say anything—”
Castiel’s grace doesn’t react at all. It doesn’t shrink away. It doesn’t grow bigger. The scrapes on Castiel’s hand don’t heal, nor does Castiel’s battered grace. The bruises still stay dark and malevolent against the background of his skin.
It’d been a nightmare trying to decide, then compile, his favorites. Dean’s certain that today’s list is way different than what he would’ve picked as a kid; maybe in a year from now, the list will change again. But in this moment, this tiny space in time, this is his list; this is what reminds him of Cas.
Cas doesn’t like
Sam shakes his head. “He said we should wait for Cas’s statement first. Didn’t want to divulge anything else. But Henrickson was spooked. I could see it in his eyes.”
“You should go,” he says.
Sam left his books open. Dean sits in the chair and glances at them. There are ink-drawn pictures of the devil—a human-like figure with twisted horns and fangs. It’s skeletal, with long, crooked fingers. Dean has to scoff at it. If only Lucifer looked like what people imagined. Instead, he’s just a regular douche bag.
He shows the book to Sam and Dean. The cover is worn, corners smushed. The title, though faded, is still legible.
might not have any lore, here, but — “
“Where is he?” Dean asks.
“You?” Dean says, unable to hide his surprise. “Aren’t you the one who ran away from Heaven to go play with hookers and blow?”
Who is your father?
Dean sips his lukewarm coffee. He leans forward and gestures to Sam’s laptop.
“What?” he snaps, bracing against the counter and taking a long sip. That’s much better.
Gabriel looks darkly into his glass. “They’re still alive. In a way.”
I hope you enjoy!
“Dean, answer me!”
Her eyes narrow, but the fear still radiates, mixing with the heavenly energy around her. Gabriel cannot distinguish between her soul and the nephilim’s grace; they are intertwined, like a painting, each a part of the other. But the nephilim smells like Lucifer. He has to swallow down his initial revulsion. Humans and angels were never meant to mix this way. The very existence of this creature is a blaspheme against man and angel alike. His anger at his brother increases, seeing this woman for the first time; angels were meant to watch over humans, not take advantage like this.
Sam frowns, eyes darting between Cas and Dean. He sighs, deflating. “Yeah. I get that.”
Another man. Another tormentor. Were there more? Why didn’t Cas say anything earlier?
“Dagon. She found us, and they fought. She’s dead, but Castiel—I—I don’t know.”
“Yeah.” Dean sits back down. “Probably.” He waits there for a few moments, staring down at the page without seeing anything, then stands back up. “I’m gonna get a beer. You want a beer?”
Castiel doesn’t have an answer. He floats in the darkness, now clouded in a confused silence. He pulls at his memories, which are thin strings floating around him. It takes some time, but he is able to piece together flashes of memories that fly by his head like moths. He remembers Kelly, Dagon. You are the nephilim, Castiel says. You are Jack.
of juice. Cas needed the souls from Purgatory to stand on an even playing field against Raphael. No average angel would even dare to face off against an archangel.
“Bingo! They leave. When a bigger predator comes along, the prey scatter. Fish, monsters, humans, what’s the difference?”
“I have to,” Dean says. “I made this mess. Guess I should at least try and clean it up, too.” Dean opens the car door.
“Pretty good, right? I’m so good. I surprise even myself. You two bozos had no idea! And neither did Heaven! Not that they looked very hard, mind you; the boys upstairs have never been very thorough, but still. I’m gonna chalk it up in the win category. Gabriel
and he drinks greedily, some beer spilling down his chin. He needs it to stop his mind; just five minutes of quiet. Five minutes where he doesn’t have to worry about Cas off on his own, or his mother, or how they’re going to get out of this mess.
“Hey,” Dean whispers. “Can’t sleep?” There are other questions he wants to ask.
“Y’know, Dean,
This time, Sam doesn’t complain.
“Melting rugaru brains?” Sam asks.
God, do they need it.
“This shed was found approximately one hundred feet from the house Castiel went to for help.”
Cas still isn’t looking at him, not in the eye.
“You should at least shower first,” Sam says, frowning. “You smell.”
, Gabriel had said, when he looked.
Lucifer hurt his family. He hurt Sam, and he hurt Cas; not just this past year, but ages ago. The pain in Gabriel’s voice was genuine; Dean doesn’t doubt that. But how can Gabriel not want to fix what Lucifer broke? If there’s a part of Cas truly missing, how can Gabriel not want to give it back? If Dean could help Sam, undo what Lucifer did to him, it’d be done in a heartbeat.
“This whole time?” Sam asks.
“Your foot?”
“Why the hell not?” Dean charges into the room. Gabriel glares at him.
“No, I’m Madonna. Yes, I’m Gabriel. Geez, did you lose brain cells over the years?” He glances around. “You got any food?”
In that moment, Dean feels lighter than he has in
Dean had no clue how to even begin this feat. What does he do? What does he not do? Cas clearly doesn’t want to be touched right now--would he be okay with Dean getting closer? Sam is looking at Dean to do something and Balthazar is about  ready to charge like a bull back into action, and knowing him, he’ll make things even worse.
Dean licks his lips.
He should’ve seen this coming. Things were going—not well, but
Dean feels his blood pressure skyrocketing. His face flushes, and it’s getting hard to breathe. He spins around and storms off down the hallway. He stomps his feet and punches the walls as he steps further and further away from Sam, towards his bedroom. He slams the door and falls onto his bed, the pillows jumping, and falling onto the floor. He reaches over for his iPod and puts his earphones on. He turns the volume up loud, and tries to focus on the bass, the drums.
And then Sam notices Dean, and the smile melts. He clears his throat, back to serious-Sam, the Sam that’s hovered ever since they defeated Chuck and Jack left to go be in the rain or leaves or whatever.
“Relation to patient?” she asks, clipped.
“Not hungry, Sam,” Dean says, pouring a cup of coffee. He takes a sip and grimaces; it’s weak. He reaches into the cabinet overhead, grabs the bottle of Jack Daniels, and pours a generous shot into his mug.
“It’s a nice place. Has a bed, A/C, a small kitchen.”
“You heard what I said, right? It applies to you too. Let’s just give Cas his space. We can grab something to eat.”
him and
They don’t talk about it. Instead, they talk about potential cases, but nothing seems like it’s their type of deal; mostly just mundane, cruel, human-on-human violence.
“Me?” Balthazar has the gall to look offended.
Dean kisses him again, fingers finding their way into his hair. It’s long; he needs a haircut. It’s such a serendipitous thought, that Dean almost laughs. He can see it in his mind; Cas in a chair, Dean behind him with the clippers Sam never lets near him. It’s like a painting: a maundy, of sorts.
“Cas?”
“I’m not gonna kill him, if that’s what you’re expecting.”
“It wasn’t Wally,” she continues softly. “They brought me that case.”
He watches Cas’s chest rise and fall, feels the warmth of his breath from his nostrils, watches his eyes flicker under his lids, and wonders what he might be dreaming about. This isn’t waiting beside a comatose patient; it’s simply watching a sleeping partner, in the midst of a peaceful dream.
“I need—”
thank you everyone for reading! i appreciate your patience and I hope you enjoy!
The text is dense, but informative. It’s the kind Dean wishes he had years ago, back when angels first set foot on earth, and they were new, and powerful, and mysterious; when even demons seemed to cow at the signs of the one. Back before they learned they weren’t that much different from demons. Most of the information Dean’s learned in the years since; angels get their magic from grace; angels have a form that is only perceptible to a chosen few; angels need a consenting vessel to walk on earth.
Dean flips the page. Nephilim are crudely drawn, towering over screaming people, eating them, or stomping on them. Dean vaguely recognizes a word he knows translates to “destruction.” The faces are monstrous, fangs and blood and tears.
“Nope.” Dean sips at his coffee. It’s gone tepid, but he swallows it down anyway, and scrolls down the newspage. The president’s approval ratings are up; apparently, attempted assassinations elicit sympathy from the public. Who knew? Next to that article is one detailing the adventures of a rabbit and a hawk, allegedly best friends. Nothing to suggest Lucifer or Dagon is anywhere. In fact, everything seems positively mundane; he can’t even find signs of a hunt; no salt-and-burn, no vampire, no ghost, no wendigo. Even the witches seem to be quiet, and those morons never stop dipping their fingers in shit and accidentally killing people. Bupkiss. It’s like all the monsters and creepy crawlies took their two week vacation at once. It’s boring.
“Did you kill your brother when he was glugging demon blood like Mountain Dew?”
Cas is praying for forgiveness.
“I’m not lying.”
“I know what you told Sam. But see, I’m not Sam. I’m—I’m here, Cas. You and Sam both asked where I was, and well, now I’m here.” Dean pats the sides of his legs for something to do with his hands. He’s stared down the devil himself, but somehow, he’s never been more nervous in his life than at this very moment.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Get off me, get off me, get OFF!”
“Sam!”
Gabriel’s eyes darken. He leans forward, nose nearly brushing against Dean’s. When he speaks, his voice is low, but full of a barely controlled earthquake. “Don’t you dare breathe a word of this to him.” A chill runs down Dean’s spine. He shivers, and an old filling in his molar aches.
version here -- if you enjoyed, maybe consider giving it a share? Thanks for reading!
Dean swallows a lump in his throat and closes the door.
His phone is right there on the counter. He snatches it up. No new messages. His conversation with Cas is still open. The conversation from last night, about Cas finding Kelly, but he’s stuck on what he said just a few hours before that.
. The muscle definition is gone. Cas’s collarbone juts out against his skin, and his cheeks are hollowed, so much so that Dean can tell from feet away. He can see ribs, and his brain continues to be helpful, replaying that damn article:
Cas’s heart rate goes up. He’s breathing heavier, chest rising and falling with great effort, but the breaths he’s taking are shallow. His skin is gray and sweaty.
“I’ve got to be at work soon.”
“Give it some time,” Sam says. “He’ll talk when he can. He’s probably busy with Kelly.”
If you enjoyed, please consider giving the
Once the door closes, Dean turns.
“Balthazar,” Cas says, teeth still chattering.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice is quiet. Barely audible.
“You good to walk?”
“Forget it,” Dean says. “We’re not going to find anything in any of these books. We’re on our own.”
It’s making Dean antsy.
That’s nonsense. Everybody is somebody.
“Dean?”
“I’m not having this discussion. Seriously, first Mom, now you? How long have you been thinking like this?” If Cas suggests they reach out next, so help him. He forces himself to finish the rest of his drink.
“So, you’re just gonna ice her out?”
Dean almost doesn’t knock.
“You know Lucifer wore Cas to the prom for most of last year, right?” Dean says.
“Just be careful,” Sam insists. “Mom will kill us if anything happens to you.”
“Not a problem.”
There are only two ways this is going to go. Cas goes with Dean’s help, or he goes without Dean’s help. There’s no stopping him once he’s got an idea in his brain.
“I’m okay, Balthazar,” Cas says, voice muffled by Balthazar’s limbs. Balthazar is openly crying now, snotty and red-faced like a child.
Gabriel frowns and huffs. He clicks his tongue. “Heaven. It’s not doing so well. I can feel its power waning. It needs angels to keep the lights on, and angels are kind of an endangered species. After this is over, I’ll go up to Heaven. I’ll help clean things up, pay the power bill.”
“It doesn’t matter what Cas did. Rebuilt you cell by cell, or whatever. It won’t leave you alone, no matter how much you drink.” Gabriel gestures to the beer bottles littered around; the decanter and the half-empty whiskey bottle in the corner. “It’s still in you; don’t put it in him too.”
Dean watches Cas sleep, fingers twitching against the sheets. He jumps and almost yells when Sam startles him by patting him on the shoulders.
A decrepit barn. Blood. Bile. That hideous, black ooze, and Cas, in pain, fevered—on the verge of tears.
“Brilliant observation, Sherlock.”
Eventually, he sleeps.
“Wait—that means you left yesterday afternoon. After our phone call?”
dream.”
Dean wonders how Gabriel has not managed to be murdered yet, whether it be by an angel, or just some passerby. He contemplates doing it himself, but figures Cas would probably be mad at him, regardless of his current relationship with Gabriel.
The DTs start that night.
“Dean?” Eileen says.
“I’ve been holding it in since Utah,” Dean says, “so you can wait just a minute.” The toilet flushes, then the sink runs. Sam pinches the bridge of his nose and sinks back down onto the bed, massaging the cramp in the back of his neck.
Dean takes a bite out of his sandwich.
“Why is it always with the killing? Is it an American thing?”
“You have? Oooh, juicy, tell me the deets.” Gabriel sits down and puts his feet up on the table.
“Hey! I was in the Maldives. And I’m more of an Old Fashioned kind of guy. If you’re gonna bitch, at least get it right.”
Just finishing this up now, unbeta-ed, so please forgive any errors.
“No, no, it’s not that,” Dean says, swallowing. “It’s just that, uh. . . he’s learned, is all.”
Dean doesn’t need any convincing.
“I said
Dean swallows air. It burns his lungs. “You got a few minutes?”
Dean is aware that Henrickson is watching him closely, waiting for a reaction. He tries to ignore the burning gaze and instead focus on the photos. He tries to imagine himself being locked in this shed for days on end. No windows. No sunlight. No company. No entertainment, to distract from the reality of the situation. Cas had nothing.
That’s not his life, though, no matter how desperately he wishes it were. This is his plate. But he doesn’t have to eat off it; not when there’s something else on the table, within reach. If he just stretches. . .
“You’re not.”
They wait uncomfortably. Every passing second grates on Dean’s anxiety. And he wishes he’d grabbed onto Gabriel, or demanded to board Angel Air. Even if it hurt his stomach and gave him a migraine, even if it left him backed up for weeks, he’d take it, to see Cas, to see what happened, to make sure he was okay. Did Gabriel really have Cas’s best interests at heart?
“They’re confused by my wings.”
He turns back into the bathroom. Sam pinches the bridge of his nose and curses his life.
I don’t think I have one. Should I have one?
“Well? Go. Be with him.”
Dean resists huffing because that’s the opposite of true. Dean’s a worrier. He’s always worried about Sam, or Cas, or Jody and the girls, or everyone, really, but Cas especially, because—because Cas is an idiot and he just disappears into the wind at any given moment, No hi, hello, go to hell, just gone, off to heaven or hell or anywhere in between, places Dean can’t ever follow, fights Dean can never be backup on. Places where Cas gets his brain shish-kabobed, or strung up and cut open, or dead.
For a brief moment, Dean loses control of his body. He opens the folder.
“And?” he shrugs.
The chapel is empty. It’s quaint and humble, with only a handful of pews, a small altar and podium, and a modest crucifix on the far wall.
“Two stab wounds,” Henrickson says. Dean flinches at the break in silence. “First one was to the back of the neck--M.E. says it severed his spinal cord. The one to the heart killed him instantly.”
that much, Dean knows. He’s always pointing out all the medical inaccuracies. But he never complains whenever Dean chooses that to watch.
” He begins to unscrew the IV port from the bag hanging above his head.
Dean punches him. Not as hard as he would like — his knuckles are bruised and aching from the wall, but it feels good.
“Dean, I really am truly sorry.” Jack’s voice cracks, and his eyes sparkle. “I want more than anything to save him. But I can't. He's my father, and I’m not able to save him..”
“I am right here,” Sam says.
“This isn’t what Cas would want for you!”
“Most animals have some preternatural abilities.”
“What. Happened?” Dean stands up, sending the chair sliding all the way across the floor, into the bookshelf behind him. He knew something was wrong, he knew it! Careful, his ass. He knew he shouldn’t have let Cas go out on his own. Should’ve made him wait another day or two. Should’ve found a way to bring Kelly to them, instead of trying to go after her, knowing everything between Heaven and Hell was after her. Should’ve driven up to Missoula once Cas confirmed he found Kelly.
“Just— Call, okay?”
“It changes everything! Cas is an archangel.”
Enjoy! <3
Crowley raises an eyebrow.
God, if that could happen, if they could finally catch that break. If things could finally start going
Dean’s ass is numb from sitting. In the last several hours he’s only gotten up to refill the ice bucket and get more towels to press across Cas’s forehead. He feeds Cas ice chips like a baby bird and tries to ignore Cas’s occasionally muttering of “Alastair, stop.”
But even Jesus wept.
“Look, I know you’re not exactly close with each other, but be honest with me: do you think he can help us? Or is he gonna screw us over?” If Cas says no, then it’s over; Dean will give him the boot. Draw up a banishing sigil faster than Gabriel can blink. They’ll be back at square one, but at least Dean will only have to worry about one crazy ass archangel on his back.
“Ever since I first felt him, I knew he was good. I knew he would do amazing things. And he did. No more devil.”
Dean doesn’t look at Sam. He feels Sam shuffle beside him, sigh.
They’ll manage it too. Somehow. They have to.
His eyes focus on the archangel blade hanging beside the collection of knives, katanas, karambits, and schmitas. He takes it off the rack, running his fingers over the spiraled blade. It’s light as a feather in his hands. He closes his eyes.
“Don’t,” Dean barely whispers. But Eileen opens the door, and it creaks loudly. He can look through to the other end, the dungeon, sees the spot that the black goo entered and shot out and —
“Yeah, y’all are way out of your element this time.” He whistles and sticks his hands in his jacket pocket, pulling out candy. “Truth be told, I might be too.” He shoves half a Snickers bar past his teeth in one bite. “Kinda ironic that Lucifer would have a kid. Yeah, the angel with the most daddy issues becomes a dad, ‘cause that always works out. Life lesson number one, Sam, a kid will not fix the marriage. I always thought you,” he gestures at Dean, “and Cassie would’ve adopted a little munchkin ages ago.”
“Hey, hey, hey,” Sam says, pulling Dean’s hand back. Sam looks over at Eileen; out of the corner of his eyes, Dean sees him sign something to Eileen. It’s hard to make out through his blurry vision.
“Piss off,” Dean snaps.
Chapter Five
Dean blinks. Gabriel keeps staring at him knowingly. “Cas? You’re saying Cas is the last archangel?”
“I’ll get you a beer.”
And then he’s gone.
But his mind keeps racing. The nausea gets worse. Gabriel’s story stays inside his brain, repeating in a sinister voice.
Jack nods. “Yes.”
“What you’re doing, it’s not healthy.”
“Dean, come here.”
to share with your friends?
Dean doesn’t ask. He doesn’t know how to ask. And with the outburst Cas had earlier, he doesn’t want to press any issues. Doesn’t want to upset Cas, interfere with recovery. He’s pretty sure that’s what one is supposed to do in these situations--let the person come to you with their story. Don’t pressure someone into retelling their abuse.
Dean waits in the clearing down the road from the bunker’s entrance. The trees are tall and old, probably having been here since before the Revolutionary War. He paces back and forth between the elms, arms wrapped around his torso. It’s November and nearly freezing - he can see his breath in front of his face, and he’s only dressed in sleepwear, his dead guy robe, the bloody jacket thrown over that, and slippers.
His phone is right there. He snatches it back up.
for beta-ing this round!
Saying it out loud, Dean realizes how crazy it sounds. Cas, his friend Cas, is an archangel. Archangels were always the dickiest of the dicks; the meanest, the cruelest, the most powerful. And Cas was tough, and he was smart, but he never was a physical match for any of them. Dean thinks of all the times Cas got bested in a fight; even Gabriel roughed him up that time they were stuck in the TV. Years ago, in a living room stinking of beer and smoke, Cas stood still, dying by an archangel’s sword, just to buy Dean some time. Cas got the upper hand with Michael and Raphael by using his wits. Making a molotov cocktail with holy fire. Using souls as a battery booster. (Dean avoids thinking about the night in Stull for many reasons; seeing Lucifer wear his brother still haunts his nightmares, but there was also watching Bobby die, watching Cas die.)
Dean looks at Sam, and when he blinks, tears fall down his face. “Isn’t there anything they can do?”
Sam is in the kitchen. “Hey,” he says, when Dean walks in. “You want a grilled cheese?”
Later that night, Dean goes back into the library and finds the book. He sits at the table and turns on the lamp; it's harsh and makes a soft buzzing noise. Dean’s careful with the pages, turning them gently.
“Really? That’s great,” Sam says.
(See the end of the chapter for
What if Cas still won’t come home?
“Like how you were looking for Cas? For Alastair?” It comes out vitriolic. Dean’s face flushes in anger. Everyday for months it was
“Yeah. Kind of hard to write about angels when you don’t know a lot about angels. Just skip the chapter on mating seasons—we don’t have that.”
“Sorry, boy,” Dean says, reaching down to run his fingers through the dog’s fur. It’s thick and soft — Sam must’ve just given him a bath, because he’s slightly damp. Miracle’s tail thumps against the concrete floor and he licks Dean’s face. “Okay, okay, that’s enough.”
“We don’t know. We’re looking.”
Dean trusts Sam. Of course he trusts his brother. But there is an irrational fear that if he closes his eyes, if he sleeps even for a second, Cas won’t be there when he wakes.
“We don’t know that. Really, we know better than that. C’mon, after everything the three of us have been through, literal heaven and hell riding our asses—there’s not a lot out there we can’t fix. Innocent people die every day, there’s always gonna be monsters out there, and one day, some monster’s gonna be quicker than us. Those can’t be fixed; this can. It has to be.”
and then leave, forever?
“It’s late there, isn’t it?” Cas says. “It is. I should let you go to bed.”
Dean looks back at Cas; pale, clammy, miserable Cas. “And how long will that take?”
“Yeah, that’s great news! What’re you so nervous about then?”
, Cas’s eyes say, with that stone cold, impassive gaze that’s made its home inside the courthouse. “I won’t be chained to anything ever again, not by anyone. Not even you.”
Dean and Cas have fought before. They’ve had full-on brawls before. But that night—that night was different. That fight crossed a line they’d never crossed before.
Dean waits, presses his tongue against his teeth. “So, who’s the last archangel?”
“I need to go
Sam comes down to the station, haggard but cheerful. Dean can’t manage conversation, but Sam’s presence beside him is comforting and soothing. Fifteen minutes later, Dean, Sam, and Henrickson are in a car headed for Kansas City. It’s only a forty minute drive. Barely a blink of an eye. A forty minute drive is only a milk run, really. But this time it seems to take forever. Each mile is eternal. Each second lasts minutes. The road stretches on, endless, forever. Farther than his eye can see.
“So, you can stop the kid from going kamikaze?” Dean sounds more desperate than he intends to, but he can’t help it.
Cas’s face is impassive, a stone wall Dean thought crumbled years ago.
Gabriel’s eyes flicked to her stomach. She was far along enough that she couldn’t hide the round bulge of her belly; that distinct shape. He swallows. He briefly wonders if it’s even possible for this nephilim to have that much power from inside the womb; could it possibly have smote the demon?
The next thing Dean notices is the bruising. It’s all over Cas’s arms and torso, and Dean can only imagine what’s being hidden underneath that thin, cold hospital sheet. Then there’s the hair, which is the longest Dean’s ever seen, curling past Cas’s earlobe.
Dean doesn’t ask. Cas starts to sit up and begins fiddling with the wires and tubing.
Dean has to scrap up every ounce of courage in his atoms to step inside the chapel. He kneels next to Cas and together they sit there, wordlessly.
wooo weee this is late D:
Is that me? Am I that? I am not yet.
“You sure?” Dean asks.
“In another day, Kelly Kline may be found by Dagon. Or Lucifer. I’m afraid I’ve wasted too much time already.”
Sam glances between Eileen and Dean. “Jack will go with you.”
. So you know what, you don’t get a say in this. We do it my way, or we don’t do it at all. Now.” He claps his hands. “Where’s the kitchen?”
Gabriel snickers.
“No one has a right to assign death but God. I took a man’s life, Dean. I violated God’s most sacred law. That can’t be excused.”
Now, Cas tells him where he is. Now, Dean asks.
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?”
“Castiel, stop fighting me,” Gabriel says between his teeth. One more time. He surges his grace forward, like a fish caught in the current, and swaddles his grace around Castiel’s, almost in a suffocating manner. Gabriel envisions a full, healed grace, and he pushes that energy forward, trying to fill in the cracks that mar that little, pale ball deep in Castiel’s chest.
“Managed it in fifteen,” Dean says proudly. Sam thinks on that and does the math.
Gabriel flies into the motel room of the address Kelly Kline gave him. It’s a seedy place off the Interstate, the kind he knows Casa Erotica videos were filmed in. The first thing he notices is the smell; his sense is much stronger than a human’s, and he is able to decipher each unique part, from the roaches that nest in the walls, to the suspicious blood and semen deep underneath the carpet, and the take-out food stains on the mattresses. He’s not prude or a neat-freak by any means, but even he is repulsed by the condition, and he knows this is no place for a pregnant person, regardless if she is carrying the child of Lucifer. Nor is it the place for someone injured.
says you just need the dna of the person whom you want to dreamwalk with, so. . . I'm going with it. :) besides, I love the symbolism!
He collapses to the floor and starts to sob.
Cas turns and exits the hallway to the spiral staircase. The metal squeaks as he ascends. Dean waits anxiously by the bottom, gnawing on his lip, desperate to charge up there, slam that door shut, lock it tight. Turn Cas around by the shoulder, lead him back down the stairs, back into bed—because that’s where he should be—not in that crappy, metal death trap, or on crappy, under paved roads, finding the crappy son of his crappy brother. It’s only been a few days since he almost
“Don’t say that!” Balthazar chides. “You’re not! I know what man--what that monster--did. You don’t have to pretend. I’m here for you, Cassie, and I’m not going anywhere.”
“Huh?”
. He tries to focus on the colors and the animation and the case the Scooby gang is working, but he finds himself drifting off, losing focus; when he comes back, he’s missed a few seconds, vital in a program that’s only twenty minutes long.
He looks away and blinks; rubs at his eyes with his knuckles. Coughs again.
a follow?
“Figures. Not even anything theoretically?”
“Hi,” Jack signs, smiling widely.
“Don’t,” he says warningly.
Dean sniffs the air and his stomach churns. His esophagus burns. He shakes his head. “No, thanks.”
“There’s risk,” Sam answers. “If you die in Cas’s dream, you die for real.”
“Des Moines, Iowa,” Sam says. “Teacher found with his insides
“Hey,” he says, sliding around the island. Eileen turns and signs
“Sure. We can make it a tradition.” Dean waves at a penguin staring at him intensely and chuckles when it flaps its wings even harder. “Maybe we don’t have to go just yet—it is Sam’s night to cook, you know.”
He quietly walks into the kitchen, peers around the corner, and is relieved when he sees it’s empty. His stomach grumbles, but he doesn’t have the energy to cook. He goes to the pantry and grabs a box of cereal, and he eats it out of the box, dry, by handfuls. He briefly wonders where Sam and Eileen have gotten off to, between swallows.
Chuck’s voice rings in his ears : There’s one universe—nothing but squirrels!
“It’s not. We talked last night. He’s chasing a lead in Missoula.” Dean rubs at his face. His eyes throb; he can feel his blood pressure creeping up, and it makes his head spin. He gestures to Sam’s books.  “You got anything?“
He remembers what Henrickson says. Keeps his voice calm and flat. “Anything else?”
The penguin snatches the rock out of Dean’s hands, huffs, and waddles away. It’s impressive how well an animal can demonstrate clear body language of being pissed off.
“It’s a tape. For the truck.” His heart hammers against his ribs. Palms sweat in the space of his pockets. He feels like a middle schooler. Hell, the last time he made a tape, he probably was in middle school. “I heard you listening to that radio show back at the diner, and figured you could use some good tunes, instead of whatever that shit was.”
“Dean,” she says.
“For what?” he pushes a branch out of their way. The dirt is soft beneath his feet.
He stays against the door and slowly opens the door, which whines loudly as the old, rusted hinges are put to work.
“Henrickson told me before he left. KCPD have finished surveying the scene. Two stab wounds, one to the back of the neck, the other right through the heart.”
His room is quiet and comforting and his bed is soft and warm. He curls his arms around his pillow and tries to focus on his breathing instead of the headache and the fear that’s now rooted in his marrow.
“Our lives are too weird,” Dean agrees. He thinks briefly of his own mother, then shuts that thought down. She needed to “recoup” after Ramiel. Left them hanging. He tries not to be hurt by it, but it does hurt. Like claws in his heart.
“So the fact that you’re here now?” Sam starts.
“Cas?” Dean says.
“Well, you’re here now, right?” Sam says. “And you’re staying?”
“Trying to find that out,” Sam grumbles, fingers signing a lot more fluidly than six months ago. “Dean, answer my question — what the hell is going on? What do you have?”
“I know that! I’m not an amateur.”
, Dean wants to say. But he doesn’t. He bites his tongue. “‘Night, Cas,” he says, instead.
“You’re probably right. I just want to make sure we’re not missing anything. We haven’t even uncovered half the stuff in these books.” Sam sighs. “Really wished these guys would’ve used the Dewey decimal system. Something.”
“Shut your mouth. I know nothing about what this kid will be like. That means, he can be anything! He might take after his daddy, or, he might be good. He’s half-human too, don’t forget. And for some reason, your lot seem to be born inherently good.”
Sam’s head snaps up, and even Gabriel looks on alert, spine straight.
Dean leans forward and kisses Cas, taking it in, morning breath and all. “Want to call the kid over today? I promised him I’d teach him how to drive.”
Dean nods. Crowley scoffs.
Beta'd by the lovely
Dean swallows. “I don’t get it.”
“And that’s my cue.” He exits the kitchen, ignoring Sam and EIleen calling after him. He settles back into bed, getting under the covers. He grabs his laptop and loads up
And nothing happens.
“Though if we could, it might solve a lot of problems. Heaven won’t survive if angels keep dying, and I don’t think Dad is gonna come back and start making more baby angels. He’s a bit past his prime and you know what they say about old sperm.”
Dean finishes that beer in record time and grabs another one before he heads off to bed, telling Sam goodnight.
Mary flounders again. Looks around, swallows. “Since before the lake house,” she says quietly.
“No.” Sam’s voice is even and calm. “Of course not. But is ignoring her the best course of action? She’s still our mom.”
“I’m here because you need me. Cassie too. That means I’m gonna do this my way. If you don’t like it, I’ll leave.”
And it’s crazy to think how his family has grown, extended to realms he never would have imagined. Once, all he needed by his side was Sam. They, alone, were a family. And now that’s grown to include Castiel, and Eileen. Jody, Donna and the girls. Claire and Cas text fairly often—Dean’s caught snippets here and there, and it mostly seems a trading of memes—though sometimes Claire reaches out to Cas, or to him and Sam, for advice on a hunt. Garth and his wife, who, last time they spoke, were expecting. He’s got people.
“He likes it on his neck.”
“He can take care of himself.”
One of the penguins nudges a rock up beside Dean’s thigh, insistent that he pick it up.
Dean swallows. “Of course you will. Don’t— Don’t push yourself too hard, okay? You can stop and rest. You should stop and rest. Kelly’s gotta sleep too, you know.”
“We don’t have to like it,” Cas says. “It just is. Give your mother some time, Dean. Sooner or later, she will see the Men of Letters for who they are.”
Dean nods. “Really me.”
Castiel floats in a sea of darkness. It’s warm, thick, comforting. He moves like he’s rolling with the gentle tides. Around him are voices; thick and indistinguishable. He doesn’t register their words, their language. Their tenors rise and dip, like a valley. He tries, once, to focus and pick apart what they say, but it’s exhausting, and leaves him with an ache in his bones, so he forfeits the effort and returns to the sea.
Cas tries to pull away from Balthazar, but he’s trapped by the bedding, by the wires, and IVs, and his own fatigue. He can’t do more than roll a few centimeters, and even then, he’s still pressed up against Balthazar, like a trapped animal.
Another argument is on the tip of Cas’s tongue, but Jody shushes him, and then she and Henrickson leave. Dean goes to the door with them and waits just at the threshold.
“They tortured Sam; how is that not enough for her already?”
“We’re going to pause the interview here,” Henrickson says, then he hits a button on the recorder. “You know you’re not under arrest. D.A.’s not even going to waste his time looking over the paperwork. It was self-defense, clear as day, Castiel. And, for the record, you didn’t kill a man. Alastair Black was a monster. He needed to be stopped. We all know it was only a matter of time before he got bored of you and hurt someone else. You stopped that from happening. You saved lives.”
Castiel balks. You’re mistaken.
.  I want to talk to you!
Cas opens the cover and runs his thumb over the front of the tape: Deans Top 13 Zepp Traxx.
Jack hesitates. “Their fears. Their regrets.”
He looks back down at the book, but the ink is smudged, and the writing is hard to decipher, anyway. Middle English is so wordy; why did people take ten words to say when three would suffice? Not to mention the ancient pages smell, like aged milk, and the calligraphy is overly fancy. So many loops and squiggles for no practical reason. He has to be careful turning each page, because the paper is brittle, and even just sitting out in the open air like this could cause decay.
Dean doesn’t hang around to see her off. He stows away in one of the archive rooms and pretends to organize the files. He pokes around at the different objects, coughing at the dust that sloughs off some of the more ancient items; scrolls, boxes, amulets. For a group of supposed geniuses, the Men of Letters sucked at organizing. When he and Sam first got here, files seemed to be thrown together randomly, out of order, no coordination between them. Some artifacts just lay out on shelves, unlabeled, their intended usage unclear. He’s reluctant to touch anything— who knows what kind of curses might be laying on what appears to be a regular looking necklace or chalice. In between poking around, he texts Cas, who has no valuable information about Kelly, other than he thinks he’s close. He does asks lots of questions on how humanity managed to combine Chinese and Mexican food. Dean doesn’t have a good answer.
A voice, not by his ear, but in his head.
“We can’t just twiddle our thumbs!” Dean says.
Chapter Twenty
It’s only then that Dea notices the nurses looking at them fearfully.
“Okay. You want me to come with?”
He closes his eyes. He remembers when Cas used to fly him places, years and years ago—he always thought this was what Dorothy felt when she was caught in the tornado. Spinning, spinning, spinning. This time, it’s rocky. There’s bumps in the air, but the entire flight lasts seconds, and then he’s stumbling on rocky ground, waving his arms wildly to catch his balance. The air is warm; his face flushes in the heat, and his clothes start to stick to his skin.
Dean blinks. Swallows. There is still a flurry of activity happening behind him, through the walls and doors.
“Jody’ll help, too,” Eileen adds. “They must be done with their hunt by now.”
“You tease your brother even when he’s not here.”
And maybe give
Enjoy <3
“Go on,” Cas says. “Arrest me.”
The next picture is of the examination table. Dean tastes bile in his throat, stomach churning with nausea. It has stirrups and cuffs where one’s hands would rest. Next to the table is a small, metal dentist tray cluttered with instruments of torture. Pocket knives and needles and vibrators and several thin, long, metal rods, which have tiny pinpricks of blood on them.
“Hey,” Sam says, waving the tongs around in the air. “You want breakfast? Bacon’s almost done. I made pancakes too.”
Gabriel presses his fingers against Castiel’s forehead.
“Why even go after that Ramiel guy? He wasn’t hurting anything, not ‘til we showed up. He just liked to fish. I like to fish!”
“I used to routinely go to the planet you call Pluto. I enjoyed the solitude.”
Cas is unsteady when he gets to his eet. His knees wobble and he’s shivering. Dean takes off his outer jacket and helps Cas stick his arms through it. He immediately looks better in some normal clothes. He looks more human.
“Does he hate it? Or do you hate it?”
Cas’s head turns further. He’s facing Dean, but not making eye contact. His eyes are red and puffy with illness. “
(See the end of the chapter for
“Be careful,” Dean says, stepping forward. He helps unloop everything, putting it neatly out of the way. Then he takes the heart rate monitor off Cas’s finger, and sticks it on Sam’s. The machine continues to beep, without interruption.
“Hey, that’s using your noggin! Though they’re not gone. Just in hiding. They might not have felt it come to conception like the angels did, but the closer it gets to its birth, the stronger it gets and the more energy it puts out. If they didn’t know about it then, they sure do now. Damn thing’s like a tornado siren screaming ‘danger Will Robinson’. It’s never quiet.”
“What’s that?” Dean asks.
Kelly smirks. “And to think you didn’t like him at first.”
“Hello, Dean,” he whispers into the pillow.
“I know,” he says softly. “It’s a good car.” It’s a good car for protecting Cas, providing him comfort and warmth at a time he needed it most. His chest still aches. He sits up, back popping, indicating he’s getting older. “Breakfast?”
There’s one of Jack, smiling wide, eager, and innocent. He’s waving at the camera.
It’s sudden and acts like a stab to Dean’s heart. “At all?”
“Aren’t you angry?” Dean says. “She almost got you killed!”
Henrickson flips through another folder, pulls out another photo, and pushes it towards Dean. Dean tentatively takes it and his blood turns to ice.
“About what?”
Kelly quickly explains the situation with Dagon, the prince of Hell.
WARNINGS: In this chapter, Castiel begins to speak about his abuse. There is discussions of violence and rape. Keep yourselves safe.
The voice asks again, more persistent, Who are you?
He comes to when Sam starts shaking him. He pulls his head from his knees and blinks away the tears. Sam comes into focus slowly. His eyebrows are pressed together, frowning.
“We should check it out. I mean, Cas is on a case. Mom is hanging out somewhere. I know you’re getting antsy. It’ll be good to get some fresh air.”
Cas shakes his head. “I can do it.” He stands, then reaches a hand  out to Dean. He pulls Dean up. A few penguins flap their wings at them. Cas waves.
“Please state your name for the record,” Henrickson begins.
“We’ll get that fixed.”
“And get myself killed? For realsies? No way, Jose. Besides, you boys handled it just fine. Trust me, I kept my ear to the ground. If I really thought you were out of your element, I would’ve shown. This planet may just be a rock, but it’s a nice rock. I like this rock.”
“Cas almost died.” His voice is calm, despite the rage boiling under his skin.
Dean relaxes marginally. At least Cas tells him where he’s going now, instead of just up and leaving, vanishing, for weeks on end. No hi, no hello, no go to hell. Ghosting all his phone calls. Radio silence for weeks, not knowing if he’s dead or alive. No more browsing John Doe registries, gut rolling everytime there’s a description of
“Castiel Winchester.”
“Not planning on it,” he says.
--and they never did. They didn’t find Cas. Cas saved himself.  Like always.
They wait there for several moments. Dean eventually finds the energy to look up.
“Why not? You in a hurry to die? Look Deano, these things can’t be rushed. Plus, we’re not remotely ready to take down Lucifer.”
, Castiel writes back a few minutes later.
It’s nice, sitting there, alone with Cas, listening to the penguins caw and the lazy waves of the ocean splash against the rocks. More penguins come by to sniff at Cas’s wings and Dean’s fingers, before leaving in a hurried waddle.
“The clicking.” Sam points to the ballpoint pen resting between Dean’s fingers. His thumb is on the button, and he realizes he’s clicking it compulsively. He doesn’t know how long he’s been doing it. Dean clicks it open one more time.
He thumbs the reply button and watches the spacer flash and flash and flash. Bile burns in his throat. He thinks of Cas on that couch. Sam, missing, hurt by those bastards, the stench of burnt flesh filling that room. All that water on the floor. He closes the messages and puts his phone on the nightstand. He turns onto his stomach and turns the table lamp off.
It’s awful to see Cas, already in such pain, suffer even more. He shakes so hard the bed creaks and he sweats straight through the sheets, but still goosebumps mar his skin. He breathes through his mouth and mumbles incoherently.
His phone vibrates with a text from his mother. Dean frowns, swipes away the notification without reading it. Is he being petty? Perhaps; but the pain is still, nestled right in the center of his heart. And the only person he can reach out to, the only person who tries to understand, is halfway across the country. He could dial Cas’s number—and say what? He misses him? He’s angry at his mom? Even in his head he sounds like a sappy teenager. He knows Cas won’t care. But he cares.
Dean can’t help it. He snorts and chuckles, but there’s no humor. He wipes his eyes. When he stands, his knees are wobbly as blood flows downwards towards his toes. He hands the towel to Sam.
Cas rolls his shoulders. “As I’ll ever be.”
Dean shakes his head. “No. I go alone.” He sees Sam’s about to argue. He continues, “I need to speak to him alone. Sam, I have to do this.” Dean’s gaze slips to Eileen. Sam follows. And finally, finally, understanding clicks in Sam’s eyes.
“How long ‘til Junior shows?”
The hours pass. Cas flotats in and out of consciousness. He doesn’t talk. He acknowledges Dean, or Sam, or any of the many doctors or nurses that swim in and out of the room with just a languid blink. His fever is steady, hovering continuously around the 102 mark, no matter how much ice Dean feeds him, or how many cooling pads the nurses stick between his legs. The pads have to be changed out every hour anyway; they become quickly stained with blood. Dean averts his gaze each time.
Sam and Eileen share a look. Dean takes another long sip.
Dean swallows, feeling a small pang in his heart. The Continental is ugly, but it was there for Cas at a time Dean wasn’t.
“We have to tell him,” Dean says.
Dean flips to the next photo. It’s taken from inside the doorway. The only light comes from the flash of the camera, casting dark shadows on the inside. There’s a sink, a toilet, an old yoga mat on the floor, and against the right wall, and an examination table that would be found in a doctor’s office. In the other corner is a lump of something Dean can’t quite make out; it’s large and cumbersome.
“You son of a bitch, get down here now!”
Cas is coming home.
Cas opens his mouth, pauses. Then he opens it again. “I killed Alastair Black.”
. It never ends, and Dean’s temper simmers each time he sees the small flinch in Cas’s eyes. The only good thing is the realization that Cas’s sight is coming back. It’s still blurry, but shapes are starting to take forth. After the fifth time they come in and insist on taking more blood for more tests, Dean’s about to tell them to piss off--but then Balthazar shows up.
“Nice going, asshat!”
Sam puts his arms down, still huffing. He turns to Balthazar. “If you have even a shred of decency in your veins, you will let Cas come to you when he is ready. The hell do you think you’re doing? He’s still in withdrawal, for God’s sake. Like he has the mental stamina right now to put up with your bullshit.”
What kind of God allows a man to kidnap, torture, and kill dozens of people?
And that’s worse. He passes as a man; just a regular Joe on the street, could be anyone.
That makes Dean take a step back. He blinks, head spinning. He looks at Sam.
Sam chews on his lip. “Dean, are you ever going to talk about it?”
He’s sleeping, and for once, Dean doesn’t have to fret over his bedside, doesn’t hold a fevered hand, doesn’t pray to a negligent God for him to wake up.
Sam sighs and thumbs at the pages over the giant, dusty tome in front of him. “Surprisingly, there’s very little lore on the subject of a half-archangel baby. And by little, I mean, zip. And by zip, I mean absolutely nothing.” He closes the book with a hard thump. Dust dances in the air.
There are more retorts, more anger, but it shrivels up and dies on the route from Dean’s brain to his tongue. All the dead ends, the false hope, the nothing--it doesn’t matter anymore. Cas is back and alive and he needs Dean right now, even if he won’t admit it.
“So, what do we do?”
Sam wonders how Squirrel Sam is faring.
“Dean? You’re back.”
“The fuck did you say—”
“Balthazar,” Sam says warningly.
for beta-ing again!
“He’s not dead,” Dean snaps.
“How are you here?”
“It’s Kelly.” Her voice is subdued, fearful. “Castiel’s hurt. I don’t know what’s wrong, but—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Balthazar swallows. “You’re really just going to leave him alone?”
Dean nods. Eileen releases him, and Dean rubs at his throat. Damn, she’s strong. “You need to face it,” she says, walking towards the door.
The pattern of breathing shifts. And Cas’s eyes open, bleary at first, but soon they focus on Dean, and a sleepy smile cracks across his face.
“I don’t do blow. That’s not classy. Look, boys,” Gabriel puts the book into the bookshelf and leans over the table, “I like to party. I’m not going to stop partying. But my home needs my help; I can do both. We’ll keep Lucifer in the hole for the next millennium or so, see if his tantrum stops, and then maybe we can let him out.”
“Let’s hope it finally works out,” Gabriel says. “Hey, should we throw a baby shower? I see them on TV all the time. Do they really get that crazy? I wouldn’t know. Last baby shower I was at didn’t work so well.”
“I don’t think I like him very much,” Mary says.
His phone beeps. It’s a message from Cas. Dean opens it immediately, to find a photo of Cas’s hand, and a baby bird resting in his palm. It’s feathers are fluffed up in contentment.
“Aha!” Dean cries in triumph. It’s a small piece, but it should do. It still stinks, but he doesn’t care. His heart races; adrenaline floods through his blood.
“Hey, I never promised him Baby. We got dozens of old clunkers in the garage. Hell, we can let him drive your POS around the block.”
“Henrickson’s arranging a car. KCPD is still investigating the scene, but by the time we get there, we should know more.” Then, Jody smiles shyly. She reaches across the table and grabs Dean’s hand, squeezing it. “We’ll have him home in no time.”
Cas pulls away from Dean’s grip and limps to the altar. He gets to his knees, folds his hands, and closes his eyes, muttering a prayer.
“‘Cause they did.”
and that they migrate from Antarctica. The penguins waddle, pushing rocks. Some jump up from the nearby water, a fish caught in their beak, swallowing it whole.
Cas continues. “He was. . . he was . . . cutting me. With an ice pick.” Something about the way Cas says the words lets Dean know it’s not the complete truth. “I pretended to be dead. He put the ice pick down. I heard where it was. Right within my reach. You know how these things go; they always get sloppy, eventually. He turned his back to me. I grabbed the ice pick and I—”
He swipes away the notifications for his mother’s messages. He just—he can’t. Not right now. He doesn’t know if ever.
“Basically.”
When he wakes up, it’s late into the evening. His head hurts. His mouth is dry. Dean pulls on his robe and stumbles out of his room. Sam’s nowhere to be seen. Dean’s footsteps echo in the large, open bunker as he climbs to the library. His phone is still on the table. He flips it over.
Mary takes a step back. “Same as always. Family.” She looks between them again, frustrated and anxious. “Just hear me out. Please.”
“I'm not here to hurt you,” he says placatingly, though annoyed. Sheesh, were humans dramatic. “We just spoke on the phone.”
And then Eileen’s shoved him against the wall, her elbow pushed into his neck. “Stop,” she says, looking him dead in the eye. “Dean, you need help.” She looks over her shoulder. “Sam, are you okay?”
“What’re you doing? Cas, stop.”
And then—
“No.”
Crowley’s son is involved, there’s time travel, a love story, a betrayal, and a tearful plea from Crowley that Dean never expected him capable of. Turns out, his family’s not the only one that’s screwed eleven ways to Hell and back. Who knew Crowley was capable of genuine empathy? Dean feels for him, he does, but ultimately, the choice to go back in time is Gavin’s. Crowley and Rowena leave, and Dean’s left with the feeling that Crowley will never forgive them.
“I am. I killed him.” Cas stares at his hands, turning them over and back, again and again. “There’s murder in my heart.”
“You have to have faith,” Dean says, smirking, unable to help himself.
Dean gets to his feet, just as Eileen comes around the corner, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes. “Sam?” She gets closer, then stops beside Sam. “Jack?”
“Is it safe?” Eileen asks.
No. No, I’m sure of it. I felt your grace, Castiel. It’s warm and sweet. You want to protect Mother. You protected me, and fathers protect their children.
What happens now? This whole ordeal, his mind has been occupied with nothing but a barrage of
“Bullshit.” Dean approaches Jack. “You brought everyone else back just like that.” Dean snaps his fingers.
“Oh boy.” He shakes his head. “Speaking of which, where is the booger? We got family business to catch up on.”
Dean barely takes a moment to glance around Cas’s room before he comes out with it. “You look good. That’s good. See, Sam and I—well, I was worried.”
Dean walks up to him, and kisses him under the harsh bunker lights. “I told you we’d get your wings fixed,” he whispers into Cas’s mouth.
“Is everything okay?” The panic is immediate.
Sam smiles softly, but Dean sees that worried glimmer in his eyes. The kind he gets when he’s fretting over Dean, mostly about his drinking. Dean looks away as he sips.
“I know, Sam. And it was a hard decision. But they’re doing good work! I’ve helped them save people. A lot of people. We can learn from them.”
“You don’t need to worry about me.”
“That’s great.” Cas and Eileen have a close relationship. Cas treats her like a little sister. It helped that they had an easy connection, thanks to Cas knowing ASL. These past two months were hard on her as well; Cas is essentially her brother too, like Dean, and he could see the stress lines on her face develop as time marched on. She was sorry she couldn’t have come earlier.
Dean recoils like he’s been struck. He sputters for a second, the words slipping away from him like marbles. “That’s different. He’s family!”
Gabriel doesn’t answer. He takes a long sip of his whiskey, finishing the glass. “You already know him.”
Dean steps inside. “Anything new?”
A few yards up, Crowley waits at the clearing, still spiff as ever in a tailored suit.
“Of course.”
“Don’t get killed,” Sam says, handing Dean the glass. Dean sits on the hospital bed, and the springs squeak under his weight.
“Oh, come on. Don’t look like that. I didn’t kick your puppy.  Look, here’s what I know for sure. I know absolutely nothing about half-archangel nephilim.”
“You have to tell us what’s wrong so we can help you. Sammy’s out there, the doctor’s right there. You ready to let us help you?”
There’s some information Dean didn’t know. Angels emote mostly with their wings. It makes him think of Cas, and that stern, eternal constipated look that he wears. Dean wonders if there were clues he couldn’t ever see. Everytime Cas looked impassive, were his wings tucked close to his back, indicating nervousness, or were they spread out far and wide, demonstrating his confidence? The handful of times he has seen Cas’s wings, it’s just been the shadows, not even the real-deal. Occasionally he finds feathers, black and silken, in the backseat of the Impala, or the floor of Cas’s room, that he collects and keeps locked tight in their spell ingredient boxes. But never the real wings.
!” It’s visceral, pained; the cry of a wounded animal. Dean flinches like he’s been physically struck. And in a way, he has. His heart clenches in his chest and he takes a tentative step back. Sam puts his hands on Dean’s shoulder and pulls gently.
“He’s a good dad,” Kelly says, sipping her coffee.
“What happened?” Gabriel demands.
That’s in the past. He can’t undo it. He can’t make it better. He can only try now.
“We don’t have time for breaks.” Dean’s shoulders hurt. The spaces between his vertebrae feel full of ice. He pinches the bridge of his nose. “Kelly’s gonna pop in just a few weeks, and we still know nothing about half-archangel devil babies. Is there anything on Lucifer?”
He grabs the phone again and hits redial.
Less than a minute later, his phone’s ringing.
Cas takes the cassette and flips it over. Dean bounces on his heels and stuffs his hands into his pockets to give himself something to do with his fingers. Heat swells in the center of his chest.
Kelly swallows. “I didn’t know what to do. I got someone to help me get him here. They wanted to bring him to a hospital, but...” She glances away. “I didn’t know what to do.”
“Let’s go, Dean.”
I felt you, Castiel. You protected my mother against that bad woman. Mother is scared, but you protected her, and she trusts you. She saw that woman hurting you, and asked me to help. Mother has been sad and lonely, and you helped her. Mother is worried about you right now. You are hurt. But it’s okay. We will take care of you.
And then everything goes white.
I survived the 2021 Texas Snowpocalypse!
Thanks again to
“I can’t see.”
The chapel is in the basement. They walk slowly to the elevator. Cas is panting by the time they get there, but Dean doesn’t press the issue. He knows what Cas’s answer will be if he says anything. The quiet in the elevator is suffocating and awkward. But Dean doesn’t know what to say.
“I don’t know. He hasn’t texted or called since then. He’s been better about checking in, keeping us in the loop. I want to know when we can expect them to come back home.”
He imagines Cas, bleeding out on a couch that was probably infected with MRSA, convinced he was going to die. Hears, again, Cas saying
“Yeah, yeah, it’s good. Listen, uh,” how to tell someone that their brother, long thought dead, is actually alive? A brother that you, at best, tolerated, and at worst despised? Dean stutters for a moment, before he swallows, grows a pair, forces the words out, because Cas deserves to know, and time is not on their side, not now, not ever. “Gabriel’s here.”
“He got himself out once, after he woke up. He just needs help waking up Sam.”
Sam gives him
He’s spent the better part of the last six months trying to forget about his fight with Cas. Trying not to think about Cas. It was going okay until Sam broke the news yesterday: I found Cas. He couldn’t ignore it, after that. He had to fix what was broken.
“Yeah, well,” he pushes himself to his feet, only stumbling a little. He leans his weight against the wall and avoids looking at The Door. “You can stop.”
Dean rolls his eyes and clenches his teeth. His tendons pull taut under his skin. That was over a year ago. A year, he was kept in the dark, Cas carried that — that
And it’s late. And Cas is still driving, following whatever minute leads he manages to sniff out. Dean shouldn’t break his concentration. He shouldn’t ruin the mood.
Have a great day!
It’s going to be different this time, Dean thinks, and swears, and promises. This time, he doesn’t have to send Cas away into the rain. All the things he wanted to share with Cas, the last time he was human, he can: food and television and music and sex—the right kind, with someone that cares about you, cherishes you.
“Could be Cas,” Sam says.
. Maybe even years. He goes to get the other spell ingredients, and hears Sam behind him, talking to Jack.
“Cas?” Dean says quietly. He debates for a long second, then steps forward. “Cas, it’s okay. Breathe. Inhale, hold it. C’mon, you need to breathe.”
The archangel blade is tucked away into his pockets, but every now and then he reaches and touches it, just for something to do with his hands.
. But no external injuries. Could be our thing?”
Gabriel looks at Dean with a blank face. “It’s a book. Bo-ok.”
Dean doesn’t rebuff him.
“Stop. You’re not— you’re a hero.”
This is all that is between him and Cas. After months of knowing nothing, he now knows that Cas is on the other side of this door. He just has to open it. He’s terrified. He can’t make himself raise his arm and twist the handle. He can’t make himself knock. He stands there, stupefied, and doesn’t notice the doctor approaching them until she’s right beside Dean.
. Even if it’s just checking out a museum two states away.
“Testy. You don’t have to fret, Mother Winchester. I just came to confirm that Lucifer was neutralized. That was the terms of our deal, after all. Now that he’s off the chess board, I can deal with the insurrectionists and get Hell back in tip-top shape. Unless of course, the child is going to be an issue.”
Later, Dean will probably blame it on being tired, or drunk, or just the stress of once again having the weight of the world placed on his family’s shoulders. The curiosity nags at him like a buzzing fly, right by his ear, that won’t leave him alone; too loud to ignore, too persistent to just swat away. It keeps coming back and back and back, determined to make its presence known.
Cas’s eyes sparkle in the light. He looks down at his feet, and Dean twines their fingers together.
“About what?”
“Wow,” Dean says. He has to look away. His eyes throb.
“He is,” Dean says. “Jack’s a good kid.”
“Let them handle it, Cas,” Sam says, tugging Cas’s sleeve, urging him to sit back down. “Okay, Eileen, double or nothing.”
Dean’s shoulders deflate. He pulls the archangel blade out of his pockets. The silver glints in the moonlight.
“Lose the trenchcoat,” Dean advises. “And comb your hair. Otherwise you’ll seem like a creeper stalking some poor woman.”
“He’s not, dipshit, weren’t you listening? Not anymore.”
“Cool.”
Sam checks the Gas N Sip first, but Cas isn’t working the morning shift, so he drives the car back to the hostel, and fidgets.
“You think I don’t know that?” Mary snaps. “I’m the one who burned his body! Who told his wife. I watch him die every night.”
Dean reveals what’s in his hand. “African dream root. Jack says the angels in the Empty are all dreaming.”
That last glimpse of Cas’s face haunts Dean at night, and the bunker door closing behind Cas echoes in Dean’s skull when there’s no other noise to cover it up.
Cas sticks his hands out.
“Alastair Black is dead.”
Cas pulls his trenchcoat over his shoulders, squaring them; a soldier gearing up for the battlefield. He throws his bag over his shoulder and faces Dean. “I’ll call you tonight.” It’s decided, then. Dean stiffens, and resists arguing. When Cas has his mind up, it’s made up. Dean’s learned better than to argue. It just turns into a fight.
“Are you ready to give your statement?” She’s calm and motherly as she distangles, but Cas still goes rigid, almost snapping the plastic spoon in half.
“Dean, what the Brits are doing—it’s a better way. Look, I’m not blind to who they are or what they’ve done, but— “
“Good night, Dean.”
This is a fic that's been on the back burner for a long, long, time and I happy to finally share it with you!
“No kidding.”
Cas rolls his shoulders—probably stretching his wings, and nods, smiling. “Yes—I can feel one.” He motions with his hand. He can’t reach the spot, not in this mortal vessel, but he gestures to his mid-back. “Yes,” he says again, this time more surely, and the smile on his face—it lights up the room. “Dean. My feathers are growing back. It must be when Jack healed me.”
Un-beta'd because I only got it finished this morning, but I want to share with you all! If you enjoy, please leave a comment! Thanks for all the support. <3
He waits there until he’s sure she’s gone, blood pressure finally going down, though his hands are still shaking.
Sam shakes his head. “There’s stuff on regular nephilim, but it’s nothing Cas hasn’t already told us. Let’s see, nephilim are super powerful, ticking time bombs, that God apparently had to nuke back in the day. Some texts call them giants, but I think that just might be a translation error. Cas would tell us if we’d actually be dealing with a one hundred foot tall half-Satan monster, right?’
Gabriel shakes his head, pinches his nose. He glances down at his glass, and it refills once more. He swallows it down again, and slams the glass against the tabletop. It rattles, and the vibrations shake the legs.
It feels like an eternity later when Cas finally lets go. Dean doesn’t want him to let go. He wants to spend the rest of time curled up against Cas’s chest, until either he dies or Chuck kills them all.
Cas is awake, staring dully at the wall.
for being an awesome beta!
Dean closes the book and pushes it away. “Would’ve been more useful the first time we needed to put Lucifer back in the box.” There’s an entire chapter dedicated to summoning, capturing, and killing angels. There are ways to gank an angel beside gutting them with their own blade, or burning them in holy fire. Some of the spells are ancient, and just looking over the incantations makes Dean queasy. He makes a note to put this book back in one of the locked storerooms— he doesn’t care about the angels in general. But he does care about one angel.
Gabriel’s eyes narrow. He crumbles the rest of the candy bar between his fingers and stuffs it back into his pockets. “I’m aware.”
Cas squeezes Dean’s hand. “How long was I gone?”
“I’m fine,” he rasps, smiling. “Tired, but okay.”
He’s never understood Cas’s faith. There is so much evil in the world, and Cas especially sees it everyday— how can Cas believe in a higher power that allows innocent people to suffer so horrifically? Dean’s dad fought in Vietnam, came back with PTSD, and turned to drinking to cope. It took years for him to get the help he needed, and it was a long road; a road he’s still on, with weekly AA meetings. Cas’s own dad ditched him when he was a kid. There’s war, pestilence, famine waging all across the world, against people that have never hurt another in their life. What kind of God allows that?
“You gonna answer that?”
Gabriel leans back, but the electricity still hangs around him, like a heavy storm cloud.
Jody huffs, turns, and walks away. Henrickson stays for moment longer to shake Dean’s hand.
“A hostel. And would you listen? He’s not gonna be happy with you just showing up on his doorstep. He’s still pretty pissed at you.”
“I’m good,” Dean mutters, mouth feeling like it’s stuffed with cotton. Sam pulls the second chair close and sits down in it, staring at Cas.
There’s more arguments, but they all wither and Dean lets it go. There’s no point in arguing about it, not right now, not when Cas is still ill. Cas is still shaking, still sweaty. He doesn’t have the energy to argue with Dean. Dean can’t push him.
Dean’s barely listening. He rolls his eyes,  and pulls out his phone to scroll to Cas’s number. He steps away into the hall and braces his back against the wall. The phone rings, and he realizes he has no idea how to break this news to Cas.
“What?”
“Would you stop?” Sam snaps.
Dean taps his fingertips on the table.
“Jack,” he says, saying the same outloud for the first time in months. It feels foreign around his tongue. “Jack, you better got your ears on. And you better not fucking ignore me this time.”
“It’s good to see you again,” Sam says.
Castiel, inexplicably, feels a pang of empathy for this faceless, vacant voice. He’s often felt like a nobody, like a loser, among the ranks of his brethren. In Dean’s eyes.
“Henrickson,” comes the clipped reply.
I don’t know him. I know that mother fears him. I know that you don’t like him. But I am talking to you, not this Lucifer. You are my father.
By three in the afternoon, he’s a bit more active. He sits up in bed and manages to eat a few spoonfuls of broth with much more dexterity than he displayed earlier. Doctors are always in the room, drawing blood, or taking his temperature, or blood pressure, or heart rate, or shining a light in his eyes, or
When Dean walks into the room, Henrickson stands up from his desk and shakes his hand.
It’s so innocuous looking. A regular shed anyone could have in their backyard, full of gardening tools, Christmas decorations. It hardly bodes the appearance of Hell.
for being my beta. She really knows how to whip all my dangling modifiers into shape. Go show her some love!
He knows the truth. If Cas hadn’t killed Alastair, Alastair would have killed him. He doesn’t know how he can make Cas understand that.
Eventually, Cas sits up, eyes red and puffy. He reaches up and puts his hand against Dean’s cheek. “Is it really you?”
It’s a trait Dean’s always admired and envied: Cas’s tenacity. No matter what knocks him down, or how many times, Cas gets up, brushes himself off, and continues to fight, spitting and kicking. Cas has always been good at not letting people hurt him.
He calls Cas again. It rings and rings.
The note outside labels the patient as Doe, John. Henrickson is busy explaining that it’s for safety reasons, but Dean barely hears him.
“Kelly conceived in December,” Sam says, “and from what I’ve found in the lore, nephilim don’t take as long to gestate as a human baby. They take half as long, on average. So, we’ve got about six weeks. Two months, if we’re lucky.”
Hunting.
“Dean.” Finally, Dean looks at Sam with the aura of severity the situation calls for. “He told me what you said. What were you thinking?”
Dean’s disappointed. He wants the bastard to suffer; to suffer like he made all those people suffer, like he made Cas suffer, like he made the families suffer. How many lives did he ruin? How many people did he inadvertently touch, when he thought he could just take people and do whatever he wanted? All those people--they had families, friends, coworkers, people that would miss them, people that cherished them. And they died slowly. And in pain.
“The Brits have lots of stuff we don’t have! Maybe they have different books; maybe they’ll know something! I mean, they had that weird egg thing, and those brass knuckles with the Enochian script— ”
“It’s certainly possible. Neither goodness or evilness are inherent, but a conscious choice. Would you look at an infant Ghangis Khan and think him capable of the carnage he would wreak? Would you look at an infant Joseph Stalin and imagine him one day starving his own people? The fact of the matter is simply that this child will possess extraordinary abilities. Goodness might not even be the deciding factor; he could possibly destroy the world on accident.”
“C’mon, c’mon, we have to have some,” he mutters, while Jack stands awkwardly in the corner.
Crowley huffs. “I’ll have you know, Mrs. Winchester, I’m more than well-aware of what Lucifer is capable of.”
“Please come home, Cas. I need you there.”
“Hey,” Sam says softly, stretching. There’s exhaustion in his voice. “Why’re you back so early?”
“Don’t touch me,” he hisses.
He opens Cas’s message;
“Son of a bitch,” he spits, turning to glare at Gabriel. “I forgot how terrifying that used to be.” His blood pumps fiercely in his temples. It’s been years since he had to deal with Cas blitzing in and out of thin air; he hopes Gabriel’s not going to make a habit of it. “It wouldn’t kill you to walk ten feet you know.”
She got Wally killed. She almost got Cas killed. And for what? The Brits? She betrayed her own family for
Dean tries to keep his face neutral, but he must fail, because Crowley’s signature smirk melts away, and he even takes his hands out of his pocket.
“I’m fine. People are reluctant to talk to me about Kelly. I know she’s been in this area. Someone has to have seen her.”
“The kid might be good,” Sam says.
“Good,” Dean says, still flat, barely holding onto that anger.
“I need you to hear me.” His voice cracks. “I hope it’s not too late. I—I should’ve stopped you. That night. I should’ve stopped you. I was wrong. You don’t make things wrong. You make a lot of things right. You’re my best friend, and I just let you go.”
“You should get some sleep,” Sam whispers. “I can keep an eye on him. He’s not going anywhere.”
“Uh. . .” Dean’s brain buffers. “Spouse,” he finally manages, once Sam nudges him. He looks into her dark, serious eyes. Very similar to Cas’s. “Is he okay?” The question sounds stupid to his ears and he flinches.
will. Cas, you make sure Eileen doesn’t cheat.”
“My mother is not a bitch,” he says.
There’s nothing.
“Find her and bring her home. And Cas?” Thoughts of demons, more princes of hell flash in his mind. Yellow Eyes. It’s always the yellow eyes; forty years later, and it’s still the yellow eyes, following him everywhere, like a shadow stuck to his soles. “Stay safe out there.”
It takes a few moments, but Cas cranes his neck at an uncomfortable angle to meet Dean’s gaze.
Dean looks at Sam like he’s grown a second head. “I drove.”
Sorry for the skipped update last week! As you can imagine, these past few days have been. . . interesting. Stay inside, wash your hands, and let fic entertain you as everyone takes precautions!
He thinks of his mother. Wonders if she’s okay. Just because Dean’s mad at her, doesn’t mean he doesn’t want her to be okay. He reaches out for his phone and scrolls through her messages. Weeks worth of them, coming every two or three days, letting him know where she is, what kind of case she’s working on, how it went. Her latest message from last night, reads:
Dean’s phone buzzes. He pulls it out of his pocket to see a text from Crowley.
Dean clears his throat, eyes prickling. “You are family,” he says simply, because it’s the truth.
“To rest. And recover. To be with your family. The police reports can wait. We just want you to be well.”
Henrickson texts on his phone, and within thirty seconds, he’s leading them up a stairwell. “Fewer cameras,” he explains, as they make the journey up three flights, Dean’s heart slamming against his ribs with each step.
“You’re the bad guy for not being able to keep your trap shut—”
Dean recoils, angry. He glares, fingers clenching into fists. “Why the hell not? He deserves to know.”
This close, their chests pressed together, Dean can feel his heart beat against Cas’s. Solid and strong. He sniffles.
“There’s really nothing we can do?” He reaches up and puts his hand over the handprint. The only thing he has left of Cas — the last time Cas touched him, saved him.
“Capiche,” Dean says. A cluster headache beats behind his eyes, like a tiny hammer. He feels like he needs to puke. He wants to argue. Vitriol sits on the tip of his tongue, just behind his teeth, but he holds it back, swallows it down, and it burns.  Arguing with a pissed off archangel probably isn’t very smart.
“What do you want, Dean?” Jack’s voice is clipped, teetering on annoyed. His teeth even click.
“Where are you hurt?” Balthazar continues, probing. His fingers begin touching everywhere. Cas’s face, arms, torso, legs, like he’s searching for something, and then—
Dean’s eyes trail to that spot on Cas’s flank; it’s unblemished, he knows. He checked it last night, much to Cas’s annoyed chagrin, and it was as smooth as a baby’s ass; no one would ever suspect he’d been skewered, dying, just a few days ago.
“No,” he says to Dean. “I don’t want to drag it out. This has to be done. Let’s get it done. But I want Dean here.”
If you enjoyed, please consider giving this a
If you enjoyed, please leave a comment. They make my day :)
“Exactly! So let’s cut this chit-chat. Bring me to Cas.”
“I’m doing it, Sam. Right now. The only question is are you gonna help me, or are you gonna stand in my way?”
“You don’t follow Lucifer into Hell and not come when he calls, no matter how much you enjoy your life of fishing.”
Who are you?
He leaves Cas’s room, closing the door behind him, and heads to the armory. The walls are loaded with guns, knives, maces, nun-chucks, spears — weapons of all kinds, collected across the centuries. He ponders, running his fingers over various ones, testing the weight in his hands. But he doesn’t have the weapon he needs — he did once, but the image of it melting in Lilith’s hands like gold still sticks out vividly. Dean puts the spear back onto the rack, spins some, frowns.
The beer turns rancid inside Dean’s mouth. He forces it down, and it tastes like battery acid. He pushes the bag of burgers away, hunger gone.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas puts the tape in his inner coat pocket. Dean forces a smile and nods. His skin still itches. He scratches the back of his head.
“This is a hospital,” Sam snaps. “There are sick people trying to sleep. Both of you need to put your rulers away and get. It. Together. For Cas.”
. There are some photos spread across the desktop. One of Sam and Dean on separate sides of the Impala’s hood, looking at a map. One of Claire and Kaia, that looks like a selfie. They’re pressed together, grinning.
“Yes,
“I don’t know. Just—a feeling.” It’s an itch under his skin.
Who are you? Castiel replies. The voice has no face.
“It’s true. Castiel is the last archangel. Although, back then his name was Cassiel. He doesn’t remember, obviously. Dad was pretty torn up after the whole thing was over, and it’s probably the only thing he ever did right.”
“Hold on, cowboy,” Dean says. “Sit. You need to rest.”
No, they don’t. Dean locks eyes with Mary. “So, where does that leave us?”
His hands are free. “Cas?” He turns, and sees Cas sitting on the rocks a few feet away, panting. “Cas, you okay?”
, Dean thinks.
Gabriel’s face screws up. “No thanks.” He pops the candy out of his mouth. “You’re wasting your time, anyway. Lucifer will show when the nephilim is born, and that’s still some time away. For now,  he’s going to lay low. He’s an opportunist, not an idiot.”
Dean’s throat tightens. He nods.
“Don’t know.” Another sip of coffee. He finishes the cup. Another click on an obscure website. Dean’s fought for humanity, but sometimes he pursues the comment section of news articles and thinks,
“Thanks, Sammy.”
“Every day. Even if nothing happened, call so we know you’re okay. And, don’t be gone too long. If you don’t find anything, come home, and we’ll work together to find her.”
“Woah, woah, cowboy, hang on a sec—”
“Forget about everything else for one second—forget Chuck, and the monsters, and ghosts, and everything--how are we gonna fix this?”
Thank you so much for reading! This was a labor of love, and I am so happy to share it with you! Thanks again to my wonderful artist, Lady Random Box, my beta who caught all my comma splices, bodyandsoul, and of course, the wonderful mods of this challenge.
“We will?” Mary asks.
There’s a pause.
than reigning over Hell.You’re not going to have to worry about him.”
Nothing.
And then he finds himself in front of The Door. He waits. And waits. And his heart is tight and burning in his chest again, just like it was when Billie was crushing it from the inside. Except this time there’s no comfortable, familiar arm holding him up. No voice by his ear, reassuring, “I’ve got you, I’ve got you.” It’s just him, and The Door, and the pain that won’t go away, no matter how much he sleeps, or drinks, or wishes it would just
Sorry everyone! With the world being in the dumper, I haven't had as much time to write. But the final chapter is here! Thanks everyone for reading, and of course lots of thanks to bunni for working with me throughout this little story.
“It’s okay,” Dean continues. His hand goes from the back of Cas’s head to right above his heart. He can feel it beating; a relaxed, but steady rhythm against Dean’s palm. There was a moment, not too long ago, that Dean hadn’t felt it—just nothing; but it’s here now, warm and real; another chance. For some reason, they were given another chance. Dean’s not going to waste it this time. “I have enough faith for the both of us,” he says.
“I hope it hurt,” Dean says.
“He’s out searching for the devil’s baby mama,” Dean snaps. “You know, actually doing something, instead of hanging out in Nepal drinking martinis.”
Dean’s just glad Cas is alive. He can take the punches as they come, as long as Cas is alive. Donna was right. Everything else is recoverable. For almost sixty days, Dean was certain the next time he saw Cas was going to be at the morgue, identifying the body. Whatever injuries will resurface throughout the next few days, weeks, months, year— Dean will deal with happily.
“Dean,” Sam breathes.
Thank you everyone for your wonderful comments and encouragements. This was my first time writing an AU fic, and you were all so gracious. Your comments often were the best part of my day.
Dean’s frown deepens.
“You fucking triggered him or some shit. Can’t you read a room?”
Please stop by and say hi! I love talking to you people over there :)
“Uriel was prosecuted for gang related violence about eight years ago. He served his time at the Topeka facility, was released early due to overpopulation, and moved back to Kansas City. He lived with his grandmother until her passing.”
Dean opens his mouth, realizes he has nothing to retort, and audibly closes it. His teeth click together. Son of a bitch. “She’s avoiding us.”
the face.”
Enjoy!
Sam didn’t know that, but he doesn’t have the energy to be mad. That’s years away now, long buried under all the more recent catastrophes they’ve had to face up against. Sam can’t grieve for what the Castiel of the past endured; he can only focus on the Castiel of now, and hope against all odds, however this ends, that there’s peace somewhere amongst the rubble.
Be careful, Dean had said.
Henrickson huffs and shakes his head. “
“That’s why I’m here! You told me yesterday to come up and fix it—well, here I am!”
Cas’s eyes flutter underneath his eyelids.
They watch cartoons for pre-schoolers and don’t speak much, until Henrickson appears after one p.m., with Jody behind him.
The kind voice. She speaks to me all the time. Tells me stories. You know my mother. You saved us.
, he thinks, gripping that handprint tighter, as though if he does it hard enough, he’ll be able to feel Cas again.
That’s all the invitation Dean needs. He erases the distance between them. Cas reaches out and when he takes Dean’s arm, he pulls Dean down onto the bed and latches on. Dean sits, unsure of what to say at first, words clogged in his throat. Cas trembles and buries his face in the spot between Dean’s neck and shoulder. He starts to sob.
Dean hesitates, pulling the jacket together around him, before he finally slips it off. He feels naked without it. He takes the bottle of water and rubs it over the sleeve until it’s soaked through. Then he wrings out the sleeve over the glass. Pinkish water drips into it. Dean wrings as much out as he can, and then he sets the jacket on the bleed. The handprint is now a messy stain.
“I said he was my husband.”
His foot is tapping incessantly against the concrete floor.
“I don’t know.” Cas sighs. His voice is tired, but also vaguely pained. Dean feels bad suddenly. He knew it had been  too soon to throw Cas back into the game. He wishes he had fought harder to get him to stay.
“Well, what am I supposed to do, Dean? You barely eat, barely sleep. You won’t talk about it. You just drink and drink and stare at this door for hours every day! This isn’t healthy, this isn’t — “
“It’s all okay now,” Balthazar shushes. “It’ll be okay.” Balthazar brushes Cas’s hair out of his eyes, and hits the bump. Cas flinches, but Balthazar doesn’t seem to notice. He holds like Cas is his life preserver; like he’s lost in the middle of the ocean, and Cas is his only hope of survival. “I’d given up hope. I thought—” Balthazar swallows and begins to shake. Sam steps forward a bit, stuttering, and Balthazar bats him away, holding onto Cas even tighter.
“Yeah, well, Jack here just gave me some pretty useful information.”
“Dean.”
Sam continues, “The stuff this says about, uh, ‘normal’ nephilim makes them sound like mini gods on a temper tantrum. Back in the day, they leveled entire cities; fires, floods, the whole shebang. Add in the extra juice of an archangel—”
“Really? That’s great! Can you contact them? You think they’ll help us with the fight against Lucifer?”
“Do you even listen to Ketch? He said they’ve almost totally eliminated monsters from the UK.”
Dean sniffs and rubs at his eyes. “What?” he barks.
“I’m serious, Dean,” and Dean’s pretty sure Gabriel has never called him by his name before, “if you care about my brother like you claim to, you’ll drop it. Find another way.”
Dean rolls his eyes.
Cas mimes stabbing the table in front of him. “Once in his neck. Then again, right in his heart. I got his keys and got out. I killed him.” The room is silent, except for the beeping of the machines. The heart monitor is loudest, and Dean clings to that sound; proof that Cas is alive.
(See the end of the chapter for
Logically, Dean knows Sam is right. But how can he extract himself from this chair, drive to the motel, and sleep miles away when Cas is suffering? Even the idea of leaving Cas’s side makes his heart seize in his chest. He hates doing it even just for two minutes to pee.
Dean would do it all. Cut his hair, wash his feet, tend to his wounds, physical and mental.
Cas nods. It’s a bit precarious, as Jody has to be careful of the wires and IV line, and Cas is awkward under her touch. But he says, “Jody,” relaxed, and his eyes briefly close, savoring the contact.
Why is this so hard? It shouldn’t be this hard. The words are there, bubbled in the back of his throat, waiting to be pushed out—but they’re stuck. He’s choking on them. Dean thinks he might die right there with those words in his throat. I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry plays over and over in his mind; he needs to say it so the words quiet down. He pushes, one final heave.
“Understood,” Sam says, but Dean can only manage a nod.
They sit there until the sun starts to set; Dean’s skin is sticky and warm, a sunburn starting to creep up the back of his neck. Cas’s eyes are closed, face tilted up to the sky, enjoying the rays.
Dean’s frozen like that, as time momentarily stops. Ten years of marriage, twelve years of knowing each other, Dean’s never seen Cas cry. Close, several times, but tears never managed to slip past Cas’s eyelids and down his cheeks.
By the time he gets back to the hospital, the sun has set. The sky is covered with stars. The air is cool and the night is quiet; it should be peaceful.
“I stopped counting somewhere around 56 million. It just starts getting depressing after that. Why?”
, Dean thinks and rolls his eyes. He needs a drink. Or several. The cluster headache begins behind his eyes, pounding, pounding, pounding.
, the text begins, and Dean reads.
are going to go home and take care of that man. My gang and I will handle this.”
Dean squeezes his eyes shut, but tears still manage to leak out.
“You don’t need to babysit me.”
Dean hums in agreement. Chuck barely seemed the fatherly type.
“I think you should wait,” Dean says, knowing it’s futile. Cas has his bag packed and zipped up, and he’s got that look on his face; that set jaw, that determined glean his eyes. “Just another day, at least.”
Cas walks past Dean, out of the room, footsteps echoing down the long, concrete hallway.
“Wonder what Mom’s doing then,” Sam says.
I am Castiel.
“We don’t trust the Brits,” Sam finishes, and he leans back.
What kind of God allows someone to do that to
Dean thinks about it for a second, then shrugs. Who knew? Sometimes, Cas didn’t really seem to grasp the concept of “stuff you should share because it’s not common knowledge to mere mortals.”
“What good will it do? Will it change anything? Will it make him feel better? Take away his pain?”
“He’s having a panic attack. Calm him down!”
Sam relaxes, sighing, then undoes the deadbolt and opens the door. Dean pushes past, without even muttering a hello, and dashes towards the bathroom, where he slams the door shut behind him.
Cas sighs, then steps backwards, leaving just enough space for Dean to enter. He nods his thanks, hands clammy, and closes the door softly.
“Priorities, people.”
“Cas okay?” Sam asks.
“I’m glad you’re home, Cas. We were really worried about you. Dean and I will take care of you. Everything will be better. I promise.”
What if Dean ruined the last good thing he had? Shattered it in the heart of the bunker, their sanctuary?
Dean frowns. He looks deep into Gabriel’s eyes. There’s nothing there to suggest that Gabriel is lying, but Dean’s hesitant regardless. Gabriel’s not number one on his list of trustworthy allies, and he’s proven in the past he’ll lie to get the upper hand, or to protect himself.
He tries again, concentrating harder, pushing further.
He pauses for a moment and swallows down the lump in his throat. “Of course I forgive you. You’re my mom.”
Sam purses his lips and shakes his head. He gestures to his laptop. “No. What’s weird is, there’s nothing on anything. Like, even our usual monster stuff. It’s like all the monsters went quiet.”
“Fine,” Dean says. “What do you propose we do, then?”
Sorry this one took so long. I've not had a great month. Here's hoping things start to get better.
Dean swipes the notification away, and puts the phone face down on the table. A few minutes later, his phone beeps again, vibrating against the wood. Sam looks at him from across the space between them.
“I already told Sam—”
Kelly screams when he lands, but he ignores it, long used to how humans react to his appearance. It gets dull after a while.
“Got it. How is the search going?”
Sam rolls his eyes. “Do you have any of his DNA?”
It rings and rings. Dean’s prepared to give it up; Cas is busy, he thinks. (Cas better be busy.) But on the second to last ring, there’s open air.
This chapter beta'ed by the wonderful
Dean nods. “Whatever he needs, I’m there. You know that.”
Gabriel frowns. “C’mon.” He searches, far and wide, looking for the injuries. Not the superficial ones, like the scrapes on his palms, or even the broken bone in his throat, but the deeper, grace-linked ones. He goes deep, past the muscle and bones, past the small, wounded soul Castiel has grown throughout the years. Whatever is keeping Castiel in this state, he knows it’s rooted in dark magic; the kind of trauma that only a demon can inflict. And Castiel had not just squared off with any demon, but a prince of Hell. Only Lucifer was of stronger caliber.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Dean whispers, voice cracking. He keeps staring at Gabriel, but Gabriel won’t look at him. Gabriel traces his finger over the rim of the glass. It rings a high pitched noise.
you can also always say hi on tumblr!
He turns the photo. It’s of Alastair Black’s corpse on the ground. He’s face up, eyes open, but lifeless, and very pale. Sticking out of his chest is a knife, buried down to the hilt. There is blood underneath his head, thick like maple syrup.
“Hmm,” Cas mumbles.
“I think this does make us even. So, Dean, please refrain from cocking up the world again, and please pass that message onto your shag-headed brother and pig-headed angel.”
He doesn’t know how long they sit like that, Cas sobbing, and Dean brushing his hair, careful to avoid that wounded spot. It’s long enough that the sun finally sets, enclosing them in darkness. Long enough that Cas cries himself out, sighs, and deflates against Dean.
Cas pauses, frowns. Tilts his head to the side and squints, trying to decipher the puzzle that is Dean Winchester.
“The Empty and God — the original God — made a pact long ago. God needed some place to store the consciousnesses of dead angels and demons. They have to go somewhere. It’s the law of matter — it cannot be created nor destroyed, only moved. So, God got to store them in the Empty, the Empty uses their energy to sustain itself, and God cannot interfere there.”
“Now we just need Cas’s DNA,” Sam says.
Thinking back on it now, it’s kind of funny that Gabriel was actually the first angel he and Sam ever met. Back then, he’d been pretending to be a janitor to stay out from under heaven’s watchful eye. He’d been a coward, running from his destiny even back then.
I always am.
“He’s my brother—”
After several more iterations of the exercise, Cas calms down. His heart rate goes down. Dean feels like his own breathing gets better. The air in the room becomes less tense.
The sun is beginning to set by the time they pull into the hospital parking lot. Seven p.m. Within four hours, Cas is free, safe, and about to be reunited with his family.
“He took down Lucifer. He wears velcro shoes and eats way too much candy and he likes
“What?”
He makes it to the door and prepares to knock, but he pauses with his fist is halfway there, suddenly aware of where he is and what he is doing.
“Gross,” Dean says. Crowley glares.
Maybe I’m a nobody.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean swallows the lump in his throat. “Hi.”
Dean chokes on his coffee. But Kelly keeps looking at him, even smiling.
“I just can’t believe it,” he says, tearing at the label. “How could she lead us there and not tell us?”
“You did it!” Dean grins so wide, his cheeks hurt. “You did it, Cas!” His heart flutters with pride.
Dean shuts the door as softly as he can, and Cas’s eyes track the sound.
Cas snorts. “You’re going to let him drive the Impala? You really must love him.”
“You hear from Cas?”
Cas’s arms are around Dean’s back, and Dean’s face finds the crook of Cas’s neck. Hot, salty tears race down his cheeks and his body shudders as the grief and anger gets expelled in waves. He feels like a child, gasping for breath. Cas is warm and sturdy and he’s there. Dean can smell the cheap shampoo and shaving cream, the ever-present scent of motels that is the same no matter where you go. Smells he’s never associated with Cas before. It’s alien. It’s human.
He has to turn away and focus on his breathing. Inhale; exhale.
Dean stares at him. Jack sighs, exasperated.
“Cas,” Dean begins.
“Bullshit,” Dean says, squeezing Cas’s hand, and ignoring the disapproving look Jody shoots his way. “You’re nothing like that fucker—”
Sam is giving him. He twists off the cap and drinks, relishing the relief in his throat. He finishes a third of the bottle in one sip and wipes his mouth with his sleeve. He sits down at the table.
Dean scratches the back of his head. “I’m not sure. We talked earlier. You know he found Kelly, and they’re on their way home today.”
“No, and no.”
“That’s good. Try again. Inhale, hold.”
Dean shoves his chair back and stands up. His head spins. He stumbles, but catches his balance on the back of the chair. “I’m going to bed,” he says, and walks down the hall before Gabriel can say anything else. He already regrets drinking as much as he did; he knows he’ll suffer from a hangover tomorrow. He’s not young anymore; these things have consequences.
“Okay, okay, but shouldn’t a doctor be the one—”
“Man, Rowena and Crowley. They sure are something.”
. And it’ll be years of pain, as muscles stitch back together, and pieces of wing bone mend into one. Sam helps, too, fixing Cas all sorts of teas that are supposed to help with muscle aches, and Eileen shows him yoga stretches; sometimes in the morning, Dean will catch Cas out in the front of the bunker, under the rising sun, performing those stretches, wincing when he can’t quite lean as far as he wants.
Home. It sounds like a foregin word. Home hasn’t been home in almost sixty days. It’s just been an empty, lonely box, one he’s dreaded entering and exiting. His life shattered within moments just two months ago; suddenly and unexpectedly. Now, just as suddenly and just as unexpectedly, the pieces are finally starting to repair. Maybe life can resume.
“You don’t have to look,” Henrickson says. “But I understand the curiosity. It’s not a good sight. But I’ll answer any questions you have to the best of my ability.”
“I’m getting close. I found the motel she stayed at last night. She appears to be heading east; I’m hoping to catch up to her by tomorrow.”
Dean stares at that photo for a long time. Then, he crushes it in his hands and dumps it into the trash bin.
“Whatever,” he says, finishing his beer.“We don’t need her, right?” The words pain him to say; he forces a tight smile regardless. He stands and grabs another beer. “You, me, Cas. Us three is family.”
thanks again to
“Gabriel says he can teach him, though. How to control his powers, his grace. And then he’ll help us with the Lucifer sitch.” Which isn’t actually what Gabriel said, but Dean will make him, if he has to. It’s not the first time he’s had to persuade a cosmic entity to his way.
“Have you even tried?” Dean whispers. He takes another step forward, towering over Jack. But Jack just looks up, not intimidated in the least. He looks at Dean like every other cosmic entity — Dean’s just a gnat in their ear that won’t go away. “He stuck his neck out for you — protected you. You were born because he chose to protect you. He saw good in you, when almost no one else did. You owe it to him to try.”
“I can do that.” Sam offers a weak grin, but Dean can’t return it. Sam fishes the motel keycard out of his pocket and trades with Dean for the towel. Sam sits in the seat and Dean stands and watches for a moment, until Sam glares at him and mouths “go.”
, Dean thinks grumpily. There is some kind of direction, rather than grasping at nothing, and sitting on hands, leaving Cas to take matters into his own hands, save himself.
The first picture is of a shed. It’s got peeling, blue paint and a rusted red roof. It looks slightly bigger than the average tool shed, maybe ten feet by ten feet. There are chains on the door, hanging limply from the handles. The grass is a dying, yellow color.
“I’m just saying, we should at least
“Uh, Cas told me. Kind of. It’s also mentioned in this book. Cas said there were seven archangels. I knew about the four, obviously, but I didn’t know about the other three—Ramiel, Sara-whatever, and the last one. Cas says no one remembers the name of the last one, but I figure, you probably do. So, are they still alive? Could they help us with Lucifer?”
Cas shook his head, eyes watery. He covered his head with his hands. “No, no, no. You don’t get it. I killed him. Every day, I wanted him dead, and then I did it, I killed him. There’s murder in my heart. I’m no different than him.”
“We can wait, can’t we?” Dean asks, but Cas quickly speaks over him.
“This place is impressive,” Gabriel agrees, whistling. “I can feel the magic in the walls.” He stands up suddenly and walks over to the bookcase behind Sam, trailing his fingers along the spines. He stops at one time and pulls it out, blowing the dust off the cover. Gabriel grins. “Wow, been a while since I’ve seen this one.”
Cas smiles and glances down at the floor.
It’s hard to get the words out. They fight him. And he feels terrible saying it. “But I want to know. He won’t tell me and he’ll insist he’s fine. He’s that kind of person. He could be bleeding from the eyes and he’ll still go to work and power through the day. So he won’t tell me what’s going on, or how he’s really feeling. Or what happened.”
“She says anywhere from three to five days.”
“Jack! Jack get your holy ass down here right now! We need to talk!” His knuckles still ache from when he punched the wall, then Sam. He feels slightly bad about that, but he can apologize later. Right now — now he needs to do this. He needs to get this done.
“Good,” Dean says hastily, “Uh, that’s great.”
“Cheers.” Dean raises the glass, then chugs it.
Kelly is clutching her chest, breathing heavily. “Who are you?” she gasps, eyes wide and terrified.
“We don’t need them to be our friends. Hell, we don’t even need to like them! But we do have a common interest. This is about the world, Dean, not your pride. Can’t you stow it for once in your life?”
“Gabriel?” Cas says finally. “My brother, Gabriel? My dead brother Gabriel?”
She claps her hands. “There’s no easy way to say this, so I’m just going to say it. I’ve been working with the British Men of Letters.”
. He’s more interested in playing
Dean’s hand comes up and curls into the long hair. “You’re safe now,” he mutters softly, rocking slightly. “It’s okay.” Dean’s hand brushes against a hidden bump on the back of Cas’s head; Cas flinches, but then relaxes back into Dean. Dean’s hand is still by the invisible wound, throat tight.
“I’m sorry.” Dean’s voice cracks. “I’m sorry, Cas. I don’t know why I get so angry. I just know that it’s always been there and when things go wrong, it all comes out, and I can’t stop it no matter what. I’m sorry. And I’m sorry it took so long for me to say it.”
Then the door opens, closes, and Cas is gone, and Dean is alone.
“Uh, hi, Jack.” Dean feels Sam’s eyes burning into his back. “Dean, Jack’s here.”
“He’s mortal,” Dean says. “Gabriel dropped him off in Trenton.”
He screams for hours, until his voice is hoarse, and then he keeps going, even when the words start cracking and his throat begs for relief.
Sam shakes his head and hides a yawn behind his hand. “No. They kept checking on him last night, temperature, blood pressure, that kind of stuff. It wasn’t until about an hour ago he went quiet like this. Think he wore himself out.”
“The first time, I wasn’t God.”
“I hear you,” Cas says, finally. The tension falls from Dean’s chest to his toes. If it weren’t for Cas’s hands on his arms, he would sink to the floor. “Dean, let’s go home.”
It’s a horrendous sight. But the edge is taken off by the rise and fall of Cas’s chest.
“I’ve got him. I’ll watch him.”
“You up for the trip back?” He thinks of the way Cas stumbled, the fatigue in his shoulders. “We can call for Jack?”
“Hey, hey, HEY!” Sam shoves himself in-between them, and pushes them apart with his arms, panting. “Shut up!”
Dean rolls his eyes. Sam continues to stare at Gabriel. “They leave?”
Gabriel cocks his head. “I thought you were supposed to be the smart one. Think about it, Sam. There’s a river, full of itty bitty fish, just swimming around, living their dumb, itty bitty fishy lives, going to their dumb, itty bitty fish jobs. What happens when a bigger fish comes along?”
“I would never,” Eileen says, smirking.
“So,” he says, glancing down at his nails, “rumor is you’ve managed to dispose of Lucifer.”
“The more I think about it, the more I don’t understand. Okay, she was running an errand for the Brits. Why?”
? How could he just say
They sit in silence for a few minutes, and the text keeps whispering inside Dean’s brain.
He takes another sip of his liquor infused coffee, throat now numb to the burn.
They’re quiet for a moment, the night breeze brushing along their faces, whistling in the leaves.
Cas has tried to explain, but Dean just can’t accept it. Now, more than ever, he can’t accept it. He can’t understand why Cas wants to be here. Why Cas is on his knees, praying. God didn’t help Cas. God didn’t save Cas. Why is Cas here, like he’s the one who owes a debt?
Mary at least has the decency to look ashamed.
I don’t know. I don’t think I’m anybody yet.
Dean shrugs and picks at a hangnail. “He’s alive. That’s more than I expected, so I’ll take anything. I’ll take him, in any form.”
His foot starts tapping again.
“Exhale.”
Sam looks at The Door, then back to Dean. “What is with you and this room? Is this about what happened to Cas?”
“We could’ve really used you,” Sam says, more gently than Dean, but there’s an undercurrent of his rage, deep intertwined with his words.
“How do you know about that?” His voice is low; a tremor present. The ground shakes slowly under Dean’s feet. Dean swallows.
It’s healed. Cas says he’s fine. His color is back, he’s standing, he’s walking. He seems like himself.
Rest, Castiel. You’re hurt, but I think I can help. Just rest.
A few minutes later, Sam appears rubbing his eyes. “Dean, it is three in the morning, what the fuck are you — Jack?”
“Everything hurts.”
What if this can’t be fixed?
“Nope,” Gabriel says, popping the
Dean shrugs. “You were right. This whole thing with Cas— you weren’t a player there. It’s not right that you’ve got to try and clean up my mess.” Dean claps his hands and rubs them together, then swings his arms by his sides— a nervous tick he only rarely shows. “So, what’s the game plan?”
Cas shakes his head. “I see colors, but not shapes. It’s all a blur.”
“I can’t leave him like this.” Dean’s voice cracks. He’s on the precipice of crying.
“You’re alive; still banged up. Rest. Eat some more ice cream. Mom and I will check it out.”
A few hours later, he can’t ignore the stinging pain in his stomach. He cinches his robe tighter around his waist. He opens the door and almost trips over Miracle.
“So, you were running an errand for the Brits. And you kept it from us.”
“He’ll be okay,” Sam says.
“I do that to myself on a semi-regular basis.”
He doesn’t get his win.
“You got anything?”
“Do you really think,” Jack says softly, but there’s an undercurrent of anger there, “that I haven’t even tried.” Jack blinks. His eyes swiftly drift to Dean’s hands, then back to Dean’s face. “You can take your hands off that thing. It won’t even nick me.”
“I see.” Dean can imagine Cas’s lips pursued, his brows furrowed in concentration.
So he tries even harder to focus, but the more he tries, the more difficult it becomes. His eyes keep drifting off to the jacket on his desk chair, that bloody handprint still as vibrant and red as the day —
“He was locked up just fine, until you two idiots—and my idiot brother—sprang him from the Cage.
“Let him breath some,” Sam says, but Balthazar ignores him.
“The hell you are,” Balthazar says, stepping forward.
“We don’t have to go out,” Sam says. “We can order pizza. Eileen will understand.”
No one knows what sort of condition Cas is in, but Dean supposes it’s probably not because they are hiding information from him. They probably actually don’t know. Everything is moving too fast to keep organized. Not everyone seems to have the initial straight story straight, either. All Jody has divulged—after Dean arrived at the station, not over the phone—was that at around three in the afternoon, Cas knocked on a woman’s door, asking calmly and politely for help. An ambulance was called and Cas was en route to the hospital when the KCPD contacted Jody’s office.
Her name tag identifies her as Dr. Roberts. She sighs, the facade slipping. “We haven’t done a physical examination yet.”
“Be careful,” Eileen says.
Dean stares at the empty space where he used to stand. “I don’t miss that,” he says.
Gabriel says Cas’s grace will return, eventually, but it’ll be a slow process. Years, maybe.
“I’ll help you stop Lucifer,” he says, almost growling, “but I mean it. My way, or I’m out. Capiche?”
And then his brain clicks. “He’s dreaming.”
An archangel, Dean ponders, while trying to catch sleep. Despite the buzz, his skin is electric, mind racing. This is what an archangel does.
“Here,” he says.
They wait on the line in empty silence for almost half a minute, the only sound the song finishing in the background.
“I’m not going to touch you,” Dean says calmly, even though on the inside he is anything but calm. “Look at me, please.”
Henrickson pauses. Watches closely. It makes Dean fidget. “The shed was in the backyard of a house that belonged to a woman named Dolores Uriel. Mrs. Uriel passed away two years ago, and the house is now in possession of her grandson, a Mr. Robert Uriel.”
Finally, there’s the slightest glimmer of emotion from Cas. His eyes flicker. He relaxes slightly, fingers twitching. Cas takes a step forward. Then another. He closes the space between them.
“Sounds like our thing,” Dean says. Even if it’s not, he needs to get out of this place. It’s suffocating. Who the hell thought living underground was a good idea? There’s no fresh air, no sunlight. Just stuffy books, and grey concrete walls, and a suffocating presence. Artificial light everywhere. He’s got that same itch Cas got; inside his bones, chewing on the insides—he’s got to get out, do
“I’m sorry.” Jack’s crying now. Dean’s knees can’t hold him up anymore. He slides down to the ground. It’s freezing.
Jody sits on the table and crosses her legs. She frowns. “He’s alive,” she says noncommittally. Dean’s leg shakes and rocks the table. He exhales and breathes for what feels like the first time since this nightmare all began. A weight is lifted off his shoulders. Atlas is free of his burdens.
“You want to take a break?” Sam says.
He putters around. Cleans up the library, makes breakfast—bacon and pancakes. Sam makes a face at him, comments about his cholesterol, but snags some bacon anyway, and drinks three cups of coffee before he stands up again.
Jack’s eyes soften and return to that familiar green color. There’s something different behind them now; no longer do they hold that childish naivete; behind his irises is something ancient and nondescript. Unearthly. Godly.
“We’re not getting involved, Sam. In fact, we should stay far away from the whole lot of them.” It’s barely eleven am and he needs a beer. Or a whiskey. He goes to the small table tucked away in the corner and pops open the decanter, ignoring Sam’s judgemental eyes burning into his back. He pours a glass and finishes half of it in one sip.
“So, we’re screwed.” It’s not a question.
They go up the metal staircase together and walk the path.
All that he is, though, is grateful that Cas is alive, that Cas is here; his heat against Dean’s skin, his breath close to Dean’s ear. Alive, alive. Anything else, they can work through. They’ll figure it out. They can fix it. Death can’t be fixed, but they can fix this, so Dean isn’t angry, and he’s not infuriated, and he’s not pissed off. He’s relieved.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Sam asks. Sometimes, he thinks, it’s better to walk away. Cas has always come back to them before, on his own time. Maybe if they wait, give him more space, he’ll find his own way back again. If Dean pushes—if things are said again, more words thrown like hot, angry knives—they might really mount the point of no return. Dean’s heart won’t be able to take it. After so many blows and blunders, another fight with Castiel might finally be what sends Dean off the edge. And then Sam wouldn’t be able to handle that.
“I don’t know.”
“Get it yourself.” Dean goes to the decanter in the corner and pours a large glass. It burns his throat, and it doesn’t taste good, but after just a little sip, his headache starts to feel better.
“We have leads,” Henrickson says, unperturbed by the outburst. “His credit card was last used the evening Castiel escaped, at a gas station down I-35. Uriel has a sister in Texas. We think he may be heading there.”
Dean scoffs and smiles.
“Come on, Mom.”
“Yeah? Did we solve it?”
Dean doesn’t remember the drive to the police station. One moment, he is in his house, the phone still clutched in his hand, Jody’s voice ringing through his skull—the next, he’s back in that cold, hard, steel chair in the interrogation room with Jody right in front of him. Everything seems to move in a blur, like he’s trapped in a dream.
“Leave it on Yelp.”
He sets the plates nicely, taking great care to make sure everything is neatly arranged. Then he stares at his work, at his hands, and carries them back to the library. He slides one plate in front of Sam.
Sam gives Dean an incredulous look. “She’s working with the Brits on hunts, right? What’s she doing if the monsters are hunkering down?”
“Yes,” Jack says simply. “I was there when it was made.”
“Come on,” Dean says, “we got this handled.”
Sam inhales. “Okay. Okay, let’s say it does work, and you are able to get into Cas’s dream. What then? How are you gonna get him out?”
Dean looks back at Cas. Watches the rise and fall of his chest.
And it doesn’t help that he knows she’s hiding something. She’s cagey on the phone, breathless, like she’s running.
Sam should be encouraging it. Dean’s showing a great depth of emotional maturity to show up here out of the blue, wanting to apologize. It’s a giant leap from those first few weeks, when he moped around the bunker like a teenager after their first breakup; when he cursed Cas under his breath. The question now, though, is will Cas let him? Will Cas give Dean the opportunity to speak? Is there anything Dean can say to fix the damage done?
Beside him, Cas is smirking.
“I’m a killer,” Cas says eventually.
“I can’t heal him,” Gabriel says, for once not hiding the fear that was rooted deep in his bones.
“Yeah, but Cas has made longer trips, haven’t you?”
The knock doesn’t stop. More rapid, urgent.
Dean’s nose starts to run. He wipes it on the elbow of his sleeve and slips more ice cubes past Cas’s lips.
Miracle does his business, and by the time Dean comes back inside, down the stairs, Sam is up and in the kitchen, banging pots and pans around. The smell of bacon sizzles.
“Think about it”, he continues,  “part of Castiel has been in the Cage longer than Lucifer. That bit of grace? It’s rotten. Spoiled. Like a piece of meat burnt beyond a crisp, it’ll be shriveled, decayed. You force that down his throat, he’ll lose his mind.”
“Fine,” Sam says, nodding. He makes the sign for it as well, even though blood is pouring out his nose onto his tie.
“What are you doing here?” Cas says evenly.
“Well, at least you’re finally being honest,” Dean snaps.
he clears the notifications, and pockets the phone. He leans his head back against the concrete, staring up at the ceiling for several minutes before he returns to the War Room. Sam and Gabriel are at the table, in a deep discussion about how to best beat Lucifer.
“Good,” he says simply. “He tell you anything else?”
“And what if this can’t be fixed?”
Sam smiles sadly. “He’s my family too.”
He looks at Castiel’s sleeping form. Then, he glances to Kelly Kline, with her wide, worried eyes, and her teeth pressed into her lips.
They’re thrown back into the ether, and Dean holds on. Together, they go home.
— a silky warmth. Sometimes he wakes up to find loose feathers tangled in the sheets. He shows them to Cas one day, and Cas takes it, twists the root in his fingers, and the vane catches the light, reflecting shimmers of blues and golds and pinks.
They stare at each other for ten long seconds.
The lights are off, the room dimly illuminated by the setting sun. Cas is on the bed, naked except for the thin hospital sheets covering him. Dean recalls Henrickson’s earlier lecture; he schools his face impassive as he takes in the sight of Castiel.
“Yeah, sure. That’s if Lucifer Junior isn’t gonna nuke the planet on his birthday.”
Gabriel snorts. “What? This place is boring. More boring than home. I’m bored. I will take any scrap of entertainment, even your dumb family drama, which is the worst soap opera ever, by the way. Seriously, As the World Turns didn’t bore to me tears as much as your family does.”
“That’s not really for me to decide.”
“Seriously?”
He should be angry. He should be infuriated. Screaming at the sky, at God, for letting this happen.
He looks at Jack. “There might be something we can do after all.”
It takes five years for Cas to feel comfortable that his wings have healed enough.
“There was a time you didn’t trust him, either.”
“Stop,” Cas says with a playful shove. “I like that car. It’s warm.”
“Do you bozos know how lucky you are?”
“We don’t need help!” Dean throws his plate across the room. It shatters against the bookshelf behind Sam, exploding into hundreds of tiny, sharp fragments. The sandwich falls apart. “We’ve always been enough. You and me, and now Cas, we’ve always been enough! We’ve faced every Big Bad that’s ever come knocking on our door. No matter how bad things get, we’ve beaten the odds
Gabriel waves his hand and a glass appears in front of him. “You really could use a lesson on hospitality, you know.”
“Call me,” he whispers, “soon as things settle down just a bit.” It isn’t until he’s following Jody down the hallway that Dean realizes Henrickson handed Dean his business card. He stares at it before pocketing it and then he returns to Cas’s side, and tries to calm him down with more Jell-O and cartoons.
Ten minutes later, they’re all waiting in the infirmary. Sam’s broken down the African dream root with the mortar and pestle, and mixed in all the other ingredients. He pours it into a tall glass.
“Dean, thank you.”
Despite the musty smell of being closed for so long, it’s military orderly. The bed is made, with the sheets tucked underneath the mattress. The pillows are fluffed. There’s nothing out of place. The only thing to even suggest that this room was once occupied are the small trinkets on the desk. Dean approaches it, runs his fingers over the large tome that reads
, it’s okay to take a break, especially since they have jack shit on Kelly Kline; leaving is a goosechase, and Dean secretly hopes it will lead Cas back home.
Dean gnaws on his lip.
“There’s nothing to talk about,” he snaps. Then he notices that Sam is dressed up in a nice jacket, with a tie, and his hair is even slicked back with gel. It clicks then that it’s Saturday. Date night for Sam and Eileen. He rubs at his eyes again, fighting to compose his voice. “Better not be late for your date. Eileen might get pissed.”
Later, he decides. He’ll tell Cas later. Tomorrow. He needs to sleep and mull over his own thoughts anyway.
“Why what?” Sam finishes his food and puts it on a plate, then sits down in front of Dean.
Dean looks like he’s about to snap again, but then he hesitates and closes his eyes. He sighs. “I did, but I didn’t. I stopped. Shouldn’t that count for something?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean puts his phone down and tries to focus back on the computer, but his vision is blurry now, and he can’t remember what the episode is even about. He forces himself into bed, and tosses and turns, and he doesn’t sleep.
