Sherlock bit his lower lip. "I may have had a hand in Greg dating you?"
"Yes," Mycroft said. "He was that sort, but no. Pike went for the journalist who broke the original story, Kitty Riley. And she was at first fiercely protective of her source, until Pike pulled out his ace with Victor's blog confession. Then she folded like a house of cards."
There was some applause as Sherlock moved out of the way to reveal a seated Mycroft Holmes with a cello between his legs and the sheet music on a stand in front of him.
Sherlock finished the match with his partner and pulled off his fencing mask. When he spotted Bertie, he blushed.
So John told him about Mary and her many mistakes.
Every time he felt that he was holding John back from socializing, the doctor would stand up and off they'd go.
John walked out of Greg's office building onto the pavement, twirling his cane. He thought back to his interactions with Sherlock and he knew that he hadn't used it when he was arguing with Sherlock over his book. Or when he quarreled with Sherlock about anything really.
Mycroft nodded meekly and let Greg lead the way back to his car. He didn't even argue when Greg put him into the passenger seat and Greg took the wheel.
"I may have told Bertie that if anyone found out, I would tell the whole school that he has a tiny wee." Mycroft giggled, but cleared his throat when he caught Sherlock glaring at him. He rubbed his hands on his jeans nervously.
"Why did he decide to devote his life to debunking the supernatural?" he asked after awhile.
He set the pictures and papers aside. He slid off Sherlock's lap and pulled him to the side, dragging them both down to the sofa. "Mysteries solved."
"I told him where he could stick his offer. But the way he left changed me. He didn't apologize because he thought what he did was wrong, but because my father made him. I tried to block him out with drugs and then I found out what wonderful things it could do for my talent..."
Consulting Detective
Mycroft scoffed, "You think?"
John rubbed his chin, "It would be a shame for that to go to waste indeed."
He turned on his heel and stormed off.
John laughed. "Right. Good luck."
"So you've said. In front of fifty or so wedding guests at his wedding to someone else," she said wryly.
"Finally."
Toby:
"A week."
Mike pulled off the tie in a huff. "Fine."
Mycroft pulled down the book and saw his mother standing above him, looking furious. He scrambled to sit up and greeted cheerfully, "Hello, Mummy."
"I don't want your assurances, I want guarantees."
follow him. And he didn't have a tall, gorgeous publicist coming in every day to dissuade her.
"I'm not talented, John." Sherlock stared John in the eye, very solemn, "Everything I've accomplished is from years of hard work and study. I do a lot things well and a couple things decently enough, and then there is my dancing...that isn't something I
He looked up just as they passed the sign to the lodge and he started to laugh.
Mary's face took on a pitying expression. "Oh, John." She reached out to touch his arm.
John shook his head, "Nope, maybe against 'Mycroft recommendation', but no. They know by now that I am more than capable of taking care of you."
"Well, that is interesting!" he agreed. "You planning your own hookup, Janine?" He looked pointedly at where James and Bill were chatting with Greg.
3- My Love Written on Your Skin- Soulmate/tattoo AU. Soulmates get tattoos on their skin for every major life their soulmate has, but not everyone has a soulmate. These are called Blanks and are shunned. Sherlock is one of these, but his life is on John's skin. Is it as one way as John fears, or is Sherlock more than meets the eye?
"I thought you were giving her the dodge again," Wiggins said with a shrug.
Mycroft shoved his arm. "Not like that, something you haven't told anyone."
"Sherlock!" Greg greeted cheerfully. "I'm excited for this coming season, I'm hearing really good things."
"No. It means that my status as a paid consultant occurs faster and I won't just be working with Greg. It will mean that any DI or Sergeant can contact me if they think they need me."
Mycroft got it. That was irrelevant. Mycroft could have gotten it any number of ways.
Perched on the arm of Sherlock's chair, John watched the exchange with interest.
"I had a reservation which this
"Hey," John murmured.
from the throng of people.
And here it is my darlings, the conclusion to our lovely story. I hope it lives up to the expectations.
"I'm sure," Sherlock said flatly. And without another word he turned around and led Brook to the waiting car. Anderson hopped into a camera van, completely separate from Brook and Sherlock.
"God damn it," Mycroft muttered. "I can't believe I'm actually going to do this."
"I can get out more bacon if you want some," John said, sitting down at the table with his own plate.
"Good boy," John whispered. "So tight, got to loosen you up to fuck you proper."
Toby: You mentioned your partner, John H Watson. He was the reason you started writing again, how did that come about?
John looked back at Gwyn, and the PA made a little shooing motion for him to go in.
He never pestered Sherlock to eat, but he always made sure his pockets were filled with something that Sherlock could devour on the run.
"She gave me the table before she knew he would be, though," John defended Sherlock.
I hate the way you stare
Suddenly there was thump on the back of his head. "Ow!" he cried and turned to glare at the stage manager, Tobias Gregson. He was a tall, lean man, with a craggy face and grey curls. His blue eyes were piercing.
"And he's unlikely to joke about that sort of thing," the editor agreed. "Let me guess, Sherlock's half-way in love with him already?"
He called Mrs Hudson next and explained that due to some unforeseen circumstances he wouldn't be able to come and chat with her in the mornings, as he would be away on business. Mrs Hudson was understanding, if a trifle disappointed. They hadn't had much time as of late due to his being stuck in Sussex.
"Have you ever been to Club Dio?" Mike asked.
Greg stuffed his hands into his pockets and rocked back on his heels. "Come with me to Sarah's party," he said more quietly.
"And thus began my brother's love affair with drugs."
Mummy scoffed, "And you're going to tell me that you don't
"Nothing, sorry," Sally said trying to hide her smile. "It's just that a little tenth year kicked the shit out of a sixth former."
The editor's interest was piqued. "Oh? That soldier fellow who stayed out at Musgrove and borrowed some of my things?"
"Who is turning into quite the golden goose," Mycroft continued. "If early predictions continue to be met, I do believe we have a genuine hit on our hands."
what happens when sentiment gets in the way? You weren't there!"
"Good boy," Bertie purred. "I'll see you on Saturday."
Sherlock woke with the soft click of John closing the sitting room door. He waited until he could hear the thud of the front door closing before he was on his feet. He could feel the thrill of anticipation. This was better than a case. He would finally learn what John wanted most in the world.
John's head rocked back as though he had been slapped. "God, no. Never, Mycroft. How could you think that?"
"Happy Christmas, John," Sherlock murmured into John's lips.
"I need a best man and the only person who I would even consider to fill that slot, I'm marrying, so..." Sherlock said ducking his head.
"But he'll be there," John protested. "He has tickets."
"The best. He thinks very highly of you." John smiled back. He then realized that during that whole exchange, neither one of them had released the other's hand. John coughed and then reluctantly let go. He scratched the back of his neck and blushed.
"Whoa there!" Greg said catching her before she fell.
Divya was putting in the last of the spices when everyone returned, including those who were supposed to have left.
"He was only interested in you because he had a bet going with Jim that he would deflower you tonight," Sally said, laying it on as thick as she could.
"I'll take what I can get," John mumbled.
"That's perfect," John exclaimed.
Sherlock and John were curled up together on the bed, both having passed in the night. Joined in death as they were in life.
Cathy waved her hand. "Don't be ridiculous, John. Of course you can and do. It's all the same thing, running and jumping. Only in rugby, you have the added worry of someone trying to tackle you. What you do is far more dangerous than any ballet."
The portly man snickered. "You still having problems with your bathroom haunt?"
"I talked to my mum and it took a lot of convincing from Mrs Hudson and Prof Smallwood, but when my mum heard 'free-ride' and 'choice of universities,' it was pretty much smooth sailing from there."
John blinked and his brain caught up. "Oh!" The fact that Mycroft thought about taking it in the arse was way more than John ever wanted to know about the boy.
Anthea put her arms around his neck, "At least you tried."
thinks that you are going to run off with James?" Mike asked.
John nodded and watched as the two brothers walked off. He frowned in thought, but did as Mycroft bid. It would have been a waste to let all this good food and drink spoil just because something had come up.
Sherlock: He is, but I made sure to run any developments with the character by John before committing them to paper.
"Boxing?" John asked. "Good lord, why? I get the other stuff, you poncy git, but boxing?"
John laughed, throwing his head back, "It is, actually."
"How mad is she?" he asked Wiggins, shuffling through the message cards the man had given him.
I hate it when you lie"
John's libido fought with his brain over what he should be paying attention to. His brain knew that he had to listen to what Sherlock was teaching, otherwise this would be a complete cock-up. His libido was firmly telling his brain to just let the rich baritone wash over him and let his lizard brain take over. John's brain won, but barely.
"A little," Molly said, reluctantly releasing his hand.
Mycroft turned to face him, "And what would you know about me?"
"And yet, you didn't bother calling me when she got here..." Sherlock pointed out.
"You'll see," John replied with a smirk.
John raised an eyebrow, "I think you look like my Uncle Albert."
Greg grinned. "It sounds fantastic, I love it. And I'm sure the BBC will, too."
"Generally," Sherlock replied.
He went to open the door and was very impressed. John was wearing a simple but well-made black suit and tie.
Sherlock: He told the podcast host–
Mike looked up and then with a smile pointed to the top of the staircase. "Follow the love."
Mycroft grabbed Greg's arm, "Excuse me?"
"You could just date him," Greg said innocently around his pint to hide his smile.
blaming Sherlock for this?" John asked from a nearby chair. Sherlock was curled up on his lap, barely aware of his surroundings.
He asked if they had decided on their meals. They nodded. Sherlock asked for penne pasta in a Gorgonzola sauce; John, a baked three-meat lasagna.
"That was amazing," John said.
The punk rock kid on the left grinned back, "Oh yeah, and I'm starting to think he way undersold you."
recent success," Sherlock interrupted. "I couldn't have done it without you."
Mycroft eyed him suspiciously and cocked his head to the side. "You aren't surrounded by your usual haze of smoke."
Victor looked up from his message to catch Molly dust off a flake of imaginary lint from Mike's jacket.
They locked eyes across the hall and Sherlock couldn't breathe as the rugby player moved through the crowd toward him.
John waved at the orchard before turning around to go into the house. Sherlock looked back at Anderson, who merely shrugged. According to the house records, no one had ever reported seeing
"Well, then. Good job, Sherlock," John said, beaming up at his friend.
"Oh dear!" Mycroft exclaimed. "What have they done this time?"
"I need to find John and talk to Bertie before something worse happens tonight," Mike sighed. He put his glasses back on. But before he could lower his hands, Anthea placed a a kiss on his lips.
"Look I–" Mycroft began but an explosion on the telly drowned him out. He picked up the remote and turned it off. "I know you hate that you have to sit home because I refuse to play by the rules," he continued.
"I guess I learned that one, because I sure as hell can't trust you," Sherlock hissed. "Now out."
It took John a minute to realize what Sherlock was talking about and then he was snogging the hell out of Sherlock.
Mike coughed into his hand, and then pushed his glasses up on his nose. "You see, my guy likes your guy. A lot. But they've had a fight and I was hoping you'd tell me what Mycroft's temperature was on the matter."
"Until then," Sherlock breathed.
Sherlock straightened his shoulders and suddenly the petulant child was gone and in his place was a shrewd businessman.
The ride home was tense and silent, with Sherlock wound up as though he expected John to shout at him.
Mycroft smiled, "You have really pretty eyes, they are so warm and inviting."
"You can't have two unconnected scenes," John hotly defended. "The reader will be confused."
John laughed. "Well, thank you..." he raised an eyebrow, asking silently for the other man's name.
"Oh, don't be like that, Sherlock. I had to bribe him with a case of India's best sonti." Victor frowned. "To be honest, I don't think it was the alcohol that convinced him."
Sherlock smiled. "Oh, very well, another little chip you spent needlessly. Shercroft Publishing won't be working with M&M Prints going forward. But from what I understand, they will have a flood of American publishers wanting to add a little European credibility to their overseas markets."
Sherlock looked up at him in shock. "Who told–"
money is tied up in keeping me at Baker Academy. Living here in England isn't cheap, in France we had land and horses and money."
"Also, chess is another game I am
, Sherlock thought wryly.
John looked around him, "Am I in the right office?" he asked, wondering about her language.
Molly shyly walked up to Mike and handed them to him.
John shook his head. "See you around, Mycroft."
John chuckled into his mug. "I think Janine is a little more discerning than that, Sherlock."
This is kinda a warm up chapter, it was originally much longer. But I was counting pages I had left and went "holy crap!" so the next chapter will move the plot forward a bit more. Enjoy lovelies!
"You're right, I can't give you what you want," Sherlock croaked, his voice raw from the tears and emotion.
"But they must be so old by now, why dredge that back up?" John asked.
"Not her, you berk," John said, looking at the pavement. "You."
Just as Sherlock was drawing breath for another tirade, a second woman came up to the station.
"Quite," John replied firmly.
All the way home, Sherlock lay pressed against John's side, his head on the doctor's shoulder, sighing happily as John ran his fingers through the detective's dark curls.
the dress."
"He told me that when I got with John that if we got married, he didn't want to be anywhere near the bridal party. He wanted to film the whole thing."
This was why Sherlock was gay. He really couldn’t see the appeal in the other sex. Give him a broad, flat chest, tanned skin, blue eyes that shone like sapphires, and sun-kissed blonde hair. Sherlock cursed. He had just described John.
"I think it adds an authentic touch," James said. He turned to look behind him, "So, that's Sherlock?"
"That depends, Mike," Sherlock said, "on whether or not you're mad at me, too?"
Greg closed his eyes, he wanted to reassure Mycroft that this wasn't what it looked like, but it really was. So he ignored the other boy and opened his eyes to glare at Bertie. "Sherlock is a
The drive up to Mike's cabin was uneventful except for the storm arriving a bit early. By the time they got to the place, the snow was coming down in sheets. It was almost a complete whiteout. When they pulled up the drive, Mike came running out to greet them.
She held it aloft to the cheering attendees, the biggest grin on her face. Greg looked at the book in his hands and the giddy Miss Hooper and knew he had to take a chance. It was time to be brave.
John's brain stuttered to a stop for a moment and then kicked into high gear.
"Right, sorry."
Sherlock walked up to his PA's desk to get his phone messages and to stall for time.
"Surely there have been priests or shamans able to dispel the spirits of the dead," Mycroft replied. He had arrived at the house by helicopter only an hour after Sherlock had fainted.
Sherlock nodded.
Um... I am very vocal in my dislike of Molly Hooper, especially her portrayal in fan fiction. I'm not her biggest fan. That said; I honestly believe that this who Sherlock would ask to stand up for him at his wedding to John and thus this scene was born. Also I have a really soft spot for Lolly. As much as I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Mystrade, this ship is far more likely to take place in canon.
"Wow," John replied, "two jobs. You really will be living at the office for a while."
"You finish your shopping yet?" Sarah asked, changing the subject.
each other.
"I will even delete it from my mind palace," Sherlock promised.
Sherlock deflated. He had hoped John would like the full title. "There's a science to what I do. It's not just about unmasking the supernatural. That implies that these people are real. And I think it's a good idea to remind people that I'm debunking fakes using science and not a fellow mystic conquering other mystics."
Toby:
comeback kid.
But even he was surprised when the editor picked up a throw pillow and tossed it and couple of its fellows into the crowd.
"I spoke to my brother-in-law, and he was willing to lend you some of his old things that he doesn't fit into anymore so that you can have some things to change into while you are here and to sleep in," Sherlock explained, thrusting the pile at John.
John raised both eyebrows before he caught on to whom Sherlock was referring. "You mean Cathy?" When Sherlock nodded, he said, "Uh...yeah, no. Turns out that not only was she trying to use me to boost her own career, she was also sleeping with at least two other rugby players, a footballer, a photographer, and her publicist. I don't know how she managed it; honestly, it sounded exhausting."
The police rushed forward, but it was too late. She slumped to the floor gracefully, her eyes once wild, now glassed over with her death.
"Isn't that a little‒" John waved his hand helplessly, trying to find the right words.
to get Mycroft involved?" the detective continued to whine.
Sherlock sighed. “Is this really necessary?”
Greg smiled and it seemed like Mycroft was going to kiss him, but before he could make a decision to kiss back or not, Mycroft took the choice from him. By retching on his shoes.
"Effectively making sure you wouldn't ask until the relationship between you two had improved. How big of a fit did you pitch when you found out?" John asked with a knowing smile.
"Anymore," John replied.
"I want you home by ten, your mother has an appointment with her specialist at eleven. And then you are going to do your chores and homework. And then we'll talk about further punishment."
She stepped back and eyed him warily. "What would be so important Sherlock Holmes had to ask in person and not just send a text?"
That got a few genuine chuckles from the crowd.
chair. "Get the hell out of my desk, Irene."
Greg shrugged again, "What if it's a look I cultivate?"
"Hey, I happen to like this transport," John said in mock indignation.
"Have you met Sally?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock shook his head, he staggered and John rushed to his side. He put Sherlock's arm around his shoulder and took the man's weight.
"Yes, she probably survived the fall, but bleeding out on the floor of the shower, there was no one to come see if she was okay until days later. Sad, really." Sherlock sniffed. "Not that she'll be a problem for anyone else."
Sherlock arched an eyebrow, "No?"
Enjoy!
"The angle was all wrong. To have hit her head where her wound was she would have had to fallen from a height. Now, there is a gap between the top of the door and the ceiling..."
Sherlock gulped. "I'm sorry."
"Of course it wasn't!" Mycroft hissed. "I was wrong to imply such things."
John rolled his eyes and continued helping Mike fix breakfast for nine people. He felt a small pang for the gentle, sweet relationship that Mike and Divya shared. But he knew Mary wasn't like that and love was about compromise.
Sherlock's movements became erratic as he began to search in earnest. John just wanted to go up to the detective and put his hands over Sherlock's ears to block out part of the sensory overload that Sherlock must be experiencing. But he couldn't, so he looked on hopelessly.
John looked at his own watch. It was seven o'clock. "Shit! I didn't realize it had gotten so late."
"That's wasn't very kind, Sherlock," John admonished, quietly. "Next time, don't do that in front of a crowd, eh?"
The owner scowled.
John's returning smile could light London for years. "It's still incredible," he said, as though Sherlock had everything to do with it.
Anthea closed her eyes and opened them slowly. She told him everything that Mycroft had said. Insults and all.
“But are you really breaking up with her for that reason?” Mike asked. He elbowed his friend in the ribs. “There are other things that bother you about Cathy; call this bloke, this dancer, the final straw.”
It took him a couple of days to figure out Mycroft's schedule. Well, if he was honest, he mainly got himself into trouble and then peeked at the school files while he was waiting for Mrs Hudson to let him in. Apparently her story was going well, because it took her a half hour to open her door. Which had given him plenty of time to get Mycroft's schedule and look it over. Greg sighed as one particular class stood out to him.
Greg went back to the bar and ordered a shot of vodka.
"Who me?" John asked. "I mean, sure. I would rather face down a group of insurgents, my sister at her most drunk,
Greg laughed, "I don't know, you tell me."
"Oh?" Sherlock asked.
John frowned and then looked down at his pocket. His mouth formed an "O".
"Captain Watson," Sherlock said, coming up to John to shake his hand.
Bertie had only limped a few feet when he came face to face with Sally. Or rather face to stomach, considering how bent over he still was.
John had the most hopeful expression Mike had ever seen on another person. Right, that's why he was doing this, because against all odds John actually liked Sherlock. And there was of course the fact that John had befriended Mike after he had been kicked out of Future Doctors. Not that John knew him before then, but it was still a nice gesture.
"Oh, you bastard," John growled, and snogged his fiance senseless to roaring cheers of their friends.
Sherlock stood at the top of the landing in his new home watching John, Bill, Mike, and a couple more of the rugby lads bring in box after box, directing them to various parts of the house.
John paced back and forth, "Yes. No. I don't know."
But John came to his rescue. "Do you want to go out to dinner with me tonight?"
that it leapt off the wall to attack him.
"We could go somewhere else," John said, frowning, trying to think of someplace else to go.
John rushed home to tidy up the flat and get everything ready for his first actual date with Sherlock.
Sally laughed as he shifted into gear, tearing off into the night.
Mr Holmes smiled. "You're welcome, I'm glad they got put to use, if I'm honest. I've gained some weight and I know at my age, it's going to take a miracle for that come off."
She shook her head.
John's head snapped up, caught out. Sherlock's gaze turned calculating and then to outright smoldering. John never stood a chance.
"They really did a number on ya," the voice continued. "Let's see if I can keep you around until live help gets here."
The mousy school secretary poked her head into Mrs Hudson's office. "Yes, ma'am?"
The note lay opened on the floor as they continued to kiss. The note that had brought them together in ways they never thought possible.
Sherlock flopped on the sofa gracefully, his silk robe fluttering around him. "Bored!"
John dropped to his knees. He was mere feet away from his love, but his legs wouldn't support him anymore. So he prowled toward Sherlock like a tiger hunting its prey. Sherlock moaned again and John gave up prowling for an ungainly half-scramble. He stopped at the edge of the sofa and ran his hands over Sherlock's thighs, breathing heavily.
Mycroft got up and ran past him, giggling. Greg sat for a moment stunned before he gave chase.
"Until then, John."
Sherlock buried his head further into John's shoulder. "I want to stay with you, but you live too far from the Royal Opera House. And I can't go home."
"Oh god yes!"
"So what's going to happen with me now?" she asked trying to fill the void. The two men turned to look at her. "I mean," she continued, "it's not like this was a job or anything but seriously, now what?"
"To make sure you don't do anything
Just then Mycroft's phone rang. He looked at with a frown. "You'll pardon me, I have to take this. Anthea will show you to the veranda and I will be in as soon as I can."
"I..." Sherlock trailed off. "I hope so." He suddenly wished he could be home on the next train.
"But maybe if I hadn't been gay, I might have fallen in love her," Sherlock continued. "Maybe all this could have been avoided. Maybe I could have tried harder to understand my fans, to be more respectful of them, maybe she wouldn't have had to take such extremes to get my notice."
Sherlock flopped next Mycroft, looking dejected.
"Get your head out of your arse, and then drive, Stamford!" Mycroft screamed and backed out of the parking lot.
Sherlock:
"You heard me," Sherlock simpered.
Sherlock scurried around the rooms, putting away the food and medicine, setting up the humidifier he had bought and placing it near John, and getting John's sleep clothes. He started the chicken noodle soup he had harassed his mother for and then knelt next to the doctor.
Non tu ne peux pas- No you may not
Mary nodded, but she looked out into the night again and this unease settled on John. He shook it off and got his and Mary's things into the, well it was too big to be considered a cabin now that John had seen it. Lodge was a closer term. It certainly looked big enough for all five of them to be more than comfortable for the week.
"What happened?" Sherlock asked, sympathetic.
Greg stood up and pulled out his pack of cigarettes. He flipped open the box and pulled out another as Bertie watched in annoyance.
Greg looked up at the balcony and his heart skipped a beat. Leaning on the rail looking roguishly handsome was Mycroft Holmes.
John laughed. "I'll certainly try." He gave her arm a squeeze and then walked into Sherlock's room.
"So you
"You didn't tell everyone what I was," Mary said with a huff.
Mike walked slowly down the steps from the stage to the floor and cheer went up as Mike and Anthea met in the middle.
"That's fantastic, Sherlock. I'm so happy for you."
"Sally!" Sherlock hissed.
John looked at the tickets and noted the all the relevant information as Sherlock began to rummage through Mycroft's drawers. He also decided not to touch the diary, he really didn't want to know what someone like Mycroft thought about. Mycroft didn't have a filter and always said what was on his mind, and the thought of getting that on full blast was enough to leave the damn diary alone.
Mycroft blushed, "Oh you know, it was just something I had, lying around."
Sherlock moved it and the afghan, then helped John sit up. Sherlock got John out of his work clothes and into his pajamas. He then lay John back down.
Greg wasn't having a good day. The star of his most popular show was on bedrest. He'd seen the dailies from the day of the incident and what Anderson's camera caught on film was breathtaking. In the middle of the hallway, where it looked like John was behaving like a lunatic, was a blurry figure clearly pointing a gun at Sherlock. Sally was threatening to quit every day, she'd come in and Greg would soothe her for another day.
Mycroft whirled around to face Greg, "Why are you doing this?"
Mycroft laughed and ducked behind a wooden barrier with a square cut in the middle. Greg took the bait and threw a paintball straight at the opening. It splattered against the plastic partition and Mycroft stood up, laughing even harder.
It's an extra 1000 words longer than my usual chapters, so yay!
I learned recently that he was the one who had outed my real name to the press. That hurt.
"Ouch!" John commiserated.
"Thank you," John murmured as the chef lit the candle.
"Why not? It's what we do," Sherlock said. "The first three you should already know if you were listening to the current drama with David the Idiot, as Gavin aptly named him."
She turned the card over in her hands as she thought about it. She closed the door to her locker and resolutely put the invitation in her back pocket. If she showed up to prom and the guy looked a creeper, she could bail. And at the very least she would a get nice dress out of it. So really, it was a win/win situation.
John blushed. "I was in a bad place when I got home, and I just haven't had the desire or a reason to buy new things," he admitted.
It was Anthea's turn to sigh. "Look, I get where you're coming from, but the rejection stung."
Sherlock just nodded and they spent the rest of the meal in silence.
Mycroft Holmes had come out of his office to find out what the ruckus was about. When he saw that it was some pretentious jock putting the moves on his little brother, his brow grew thunderous. He tapped the tip of his umbrella harshly on the ground, its sound lost in the din of celebration.
But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you
John leaned down and licked Sherlock's nipple, tugging gently on the ring with his tongue. "Ever remove these?"
"Anyway," Mike said with a cough, "we want to help you woo Mycroft."
"Well, I told you this would happen," Mycroft commented dryly to Greg.
"Oh?" Victor asked.
"I am," John said with a shit-eating grin. He looked at his watch. "And you aren't worth the time, speaking of which. Greg will kill us if we're late to his and Molly's wedding."
Sherlock raised up slightly so that he could look John in the eye. "And you are the most incredible man I've ever met, my heart is yours to keep."
"Yes, I even called to confirm it an hour ago," Sherlock said through clenched teeth.
"So what does it run?" John snapped.
"But my hip!" Mrs Hudson complained.
Sherlock nodded, too choked up to find the words.
"Sherlock Holmes," Sherlock replied.
"I love you, too," John murmured.
"Deadly," Bertie murmured menacingly.
"God, yes!" Sherlock cursed.
She didn't even bother looking at the two men who had witnessed the whole thing, she just turned tail and ran.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side and nodded. "Mycroft always grinds some for his husband because the man doesn't know how to use the machine."
Mycroft walked to stand over his brother, holding out the paper. Sherlock took it and put in his inside breast pocket.
"No, it wasn't you," Sherlock assured him. "It's just that I have this person who's been trying to headhunt me for months and despite my constant refusals, she won't let it drop. She seems to think that she is saving me from something like utter ruin."
Mummy shot up from her chair like a cork popping from a bottle of wine. "Be that as that may, young man. You are under my roof, and you will do as I say."
John got out of his car and grabbed the bag of goodies he always kept under his seat for when he didn't have time to eat before school or work. He tried so hard not to shake as he walked up to his dad, who was steadfastly ignoring Mrs Stamford's attempts to make small talk.
"Don't lie to me, boy!" Major Watson snarled. "You were doing something!"
He had called Molly first and she seemed too excited to come to a near stranger's birthday party. John was concerned that she was getting her hopes up for nothing. And he didn't want either of his friends hurt.
John was impressed, "Wow, usually they send like the biggest nerd to show me around."
Sherlock gathered him up in his arms and held him tight as John's shuddering breath became something more akin to a sob. John's shoulders shook as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock's waist, holding on for dear life.
He sighed and went out to his car. When he got within a few feet of it, he pulled up short. Sitting in the passenger seat was the guitar he had been eyeing for a long time. He bent down to look at it and gasped. It was real.
"Ouch," John agreed. "But boxing helped with that?"
John kissed him. "Never, darling." He buried his head into Sherlock's throat and began sucking as he repeated the movement with his hips. Undulating and writhing, they panted and moaned, their pleasure making them breathless with want and need.
Our Beloved Friend
Ajay just raised an eyebrow and poured him the shot.
When Sherlock pointed to a door on the other side of the room, John hobbled to it and opened it to reveal it was indeed a bathroom.
"Violin, is very romantic, nothing quite like being serenaded on violin in an Italian restaurant, eh?" Angelo beamed.
She put her hand back on John's arm and squeezed it in a way that Sherlock assumed she thought was reassuring.
Of course there were ghosts that tried to hurt him. He would wake up to find scratch marks on his arms. Bruises on his legs. They couldn't do more than that, but it was fun trying to explain them to his therapist.
Sherlock shuddered, and a warm silence settled on them as the scenery slipped by. Sherlock looked over at John, and his grumpy expression slowly melted away.
John hung his head. "God, you're right. And I've known for a long time now."
John folded his arms over his chest. "What's that?"
The restaurant John chose was a nice, upscale French bistro with a soothing atmosphere and tasteful decor.
"So why not rewrite it now that you're an adult, make it better by your sheer experience, not only going through the constant hell of people hating your book, but by your experience in the publishing industry."
"How am I going to survive?" Sherlock moaned.
"See you tomorrow, John," Mike said, strapping on his helmet. Just he was about to reverse, a red car came screeching behind him.
because you liked Sherlock's book. Though that was definitely part of it.
"You going to karaoke with us this weekend?" the girl asked the boy.
Greg smiled, "I'll pick you up at 9:30!"
She led him over to a few nearby chairs and then went to get some ice. She carefully dodged teachers and staff alike, not wanting to have to explain what the ice was for.
"Everything."
They opened presents and had a good laugh over the gifts and their givers. David didn't have any to open as he has been a surprise, but he sat there like a cat in the cream, like he'd already gotten the Christmas present he wanted.
"Why didn't you tell me this about him sooner?" Sherlock demanded.
Mycroft looked over and rolled his eyes. He put his elbow on the bar and turned his body toward Greg, "If you're here to ask me out again, you might as well get it over with."
They got her a drink of water and a tissue. They shared a look and that's all it took. She wailed, "The ghosts aren't speaking to me!"
"Three days."
Mike groaned.
Mycroft nodded. He didn't want that for his brother, not anymore. Not after what it did to Sherlock.
Sherlock whirled on the elder Holmes sibling. "What now?'
Hey, well you look at that, it's only been two weeks. Yay! Um...well, sort of? There is a wee bit of angst in this one and tiny cliffhanger.
"Wow, he's quite the personality," John breathed.
"Excuse me?" John asked. "He's based on me."
Sherlock pulled out the object and gasped. It was a dual magnification magnifying glass.
and I fought over letting me play again. She said papa's accident was further proof that the sport was bad and that I should stay away."
"You were looking for them?" John asked. This conversation was getting more and more curious the longer it went on.
"How late do you think you are staying up?" Sherlock asked.
John took the offered hand. "It's not captain anymore."
He wasn't sure how long he sat there, the fire slowly dying as he struggled to understand that simple word. But he looked up when John walked through the door. Judging from the bag and the smell of warm food wafting from it, Sherlock knew that he had gone and gotten them dinner.
John's brow furrowed as he thought back to his wedding with Mary. "No."
"Beautiful choice," Tegan said when Anthea showed her. "Come on, let's put it on and see if there are any adjustments to be made."
"That is a hard no, Irene," Sherlock bit out.
John met them at the bottom of the stairs. "Sherlock," he greeted a tad dreamily.
"We have, uh," Sebastian stammered, "looked into the allegations of harassment and found that there may be some merit to the accusations."
Sherlock wished he would. Shout, yell, something. He deserved it.
The next morning, Sherlock woke up to the smell of grilled bacon and eggs. He followed his nose to the kitchen where John was making breakfast.
"I think you'll make it, Doc," the strange soldier said as Bill entered the base, and suddenly there was a flurry of activity to take John into surgery. John looked over at the stranger before they put on an oxygen mask. The stranger waved goodbye, the sand kicked up and the stranger vanished on the wind.
"Good night, Sherlock," John muttered, as the toils of the long day gently swept him in slumber's embrace.
John waggled his eyebrows. "Unbecoming of a good-looking man like myself?" he teased.
John raised an eyebrow and Sherlock winked.
"Hello, John. Anthea will be fine."
John grinned. "I tried looking for a copy online, but even used booksellers were selling it for ridiculous amounts of money. So I will happily take one off your hands."
"Shit, Sherlock, this is the fourth victim in five days!" Greg's voice nearly cracked at his fight to keep his voice down.
"I don't know, that guy to call me?" he asked mournfully.
"True, Bertie, my first ghost, did the same," John remarked. "So how did she die?"
John let out a small chuckle. "I love you, too. But this position doesn't allow for much movement." He rolled his hips to drive the point home.
Mary folded her arms over her chest. "You aren't the boss, John. That's Mrs Hudson. This isn't the army, there is no chain of command."
Just then Bertie roared up to the shop in his shiny new Jag, and parked directly behind Mycroft's old beater.
Now all John had to do was find the idiot before he had panic attack.
"Yes," John agreed. "Let's."
It was such a simple request. One that wasn't dangerous or outrageous. But one that took a major hit to Sherlock's pride.
Mike grudgingly agreed. "All right, who has my glasses?"
John got in and started the car, "You ready for this?"
John and Mike shared a glance. "Uh, no. You have to fix this," John said.
"What if I hate it? Or fall asleep? Oh god! What if I start snoring?" John asked, panic rising.
"Yes, the rugby is obvious, you're standing in front of me in your rugby kit. The scholarship is evident in the fact that while the bag and ball are new, you are wearing old cleats. You have a new pair in the bag, but you aren't wearing them, why? Could be that the old ones are your 'lucky' pair, but you don't strike me as superstitious. So that means that you don't dare to. If you wear them during practice and they get ruined, you couldn't afford another pair. But you go to school here, scholarship, clearly. Now the medical school was a little tricky. There are several fields that require chemistry. But sticking out of your bag is an anatomy book with a syllabus for Prof Gretna's class for genetics. Combine the three and you get medical student."
Sherlock shook his head. "It put me in a bad place. So in my attempt to appear normal, I started doing drugs. To slow my brain to match those around me."
"What is she doing with that gun?" Sherlock gasped.
"Oh, baby," Mary said putting her hand on his cheek. He jerked away.
"Mycroft said that's where the family albums were, I just assumed he was lying. I would have burned the damn things," Sherlock explained. Lightning flashed and Sherlock buried his head in the duvet in time for the thunder to boom.
At least James Sholto was a much easier person to deal with.
He looked at his once beautiful car and lamented, "My car! Now what am I going to do?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes and promptly fainted.
"What!" Mycroft said, trying to leap to his feet, but Sherlock held him down.
“No, god no!” John moaned. He banged his head against the locker door in frustration. “She’s fine. Doing really good, actually.”
"What?" John asked, interrupting himself. "What just happened?"
More impressively, the short blond holding the scarf was reading Brutus quite the list of manners. Of which Brutus looked to be actually listening to.
Sherlock raised his head to look John in the eyes. But there was no lie in any of John's features. He covered his mouth and went "Oh!" He began running around their flat over turning things and rifling through the mess on the table John used as his desk.
John rubbed his chin as he thought about it. "I'm not going to give up now. Besides, it's not as though it's going to happen tomorrow, for God's sake."
the eye roll that went with the derisive snort. "Are you actually writing a book, or are you one of those sorts that claim they are writing a book to impress people?"
ghosts out by the orchard.
Sherlock giggled. "Yes, you do. It's...endearing."
Bertie scoffed, "Like anyone would want to go out with you without severe compensation." He laughed and walked off. Mission accomplished.
John watched in awe as Sherlock and Sally walked past him and Mike.
John walked out to the front of the house and stopped at the door. Sherlock was pacing on the pavement, clearly worried that John wasn't coming back.
John walked up to the Detective Inspector and clasped his shoulder.
"Well, that would explain why she would only show up when I would shower. But I don't recall her being naked, if that's how she died," John replied.
"Out as in friends? Or
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not like that, he’s a...well, he’s not even a friend at this point,” Sherlock murmured. “An acquaintance at best.”
"So we get to be pirates, too?" John asked with a giggle. "This really
"Merlin! From 'Sword in the Stone'!" John crowed.
Until next time!
As he rounded the corner, John and Sherlock passed him, but he was too far in his head to even notice.
Hello! Anybody there? I hope so. That was not how I wanted this to go, I assure you. So first I can't find a reliable source to the movie. Which meant I had to wait until I had the money to buy it. And after winning a gift card from my work's costume contest (I was the Queen of Hearts), I was able to buy the DVD. And then it took Amazon a WEEK to get it to me. I even have Prime. Grrr. And then when I finally have the movie in hand, I get hella sick. Like going to the doctor, staying home several days from work, losing my voice sick. And was down for three weeks. After all that I was able to watch the movie and finish this chapter. I just hope it was worth the wait.
Here we come to John's story and a bit of tease of what's to come.
Greg closed the door and forcibly put Sherlock into one of the chairs across from his desk. Sherlock huffed out a noise of protest, but Greg knew he was grateful to be sitting down. He moved around to his chair and remained standing, looking down at the papers and files that littered his desk.
"Whoa!" John interrupted. "Hey, it's okay. I'll take you home."
"Could it be Victor?" Mrs Hudson asked.
"Greg..." Sherlock whined.
"You would be making six figures," Irene explained, "head of your own department, creative and professional freedom, and most importantly, out from under your brother's thumb."
Again John opened his mouth to retort when Mycroft appeared at the door.
"Of course you can stay with us, Sherlock," Mycroft said, "I would feel so much better if you were someplace safe."
John popped the bird into the oven. Starting to take stock in what he needed to finish the meal, he hit himself in the head with his palm.
"It's a good thing I'm neither, then," John said with a wink.
"It had changed hands since he signed the contract. The new owners had been cutting corners wherever they could."
John scratched the back of his neck sheepishly. "Yours."
"I get it," Jim agreed.
He was so lost in thought that he was unprepared for the hug/tackle that Mary gave him. John winced as most of her weight hit his hurt shoulder.
The dancers all turned hungrily to Greg. "You would pick that," Greg complained.
Mary rolled her eyes. "Or whatever people are calling it these days. He practically smeared himself all over you, and not once did I see you complain. So if you're not gay, what are you?"
"He could have been lying," Sherlock said softly.
The boy shook his head. "I have to work."
John had written in a small leather-bound book all the little things that people had said about him and Sherlock being a couple over the years. From Jeanette's "My friends are so wrong about you. You're a great boyfriend. Sherlock Holmes is a very lucky man," to the Cross Keys inn owner asking if Sherlock was a snorer.
The horse neighed in agreement.
He walked out of 221 and saw a black sedan waiting for for him. Sherlock sought out the nearest CCTV and mouthed the words 'thank you.'
"I figured that," John bit out; he was on the verge of losing his temper again. "When do they expect the rain to stop?"
"You'll find a number of sharks in these waters, but if you have questions about anything, rely on Bill and Greg, oh and myself, of course. Any one of us will be able to steer you in the right direction. And if you want to get a second opinion, don't be afraid to," Sherlock murmured.
John chuckled and took Sherlock's cock in hand, moving in time with his own thrusting. Sherlock came first with a gasp, his eyes flying open, head and body arching from the pleasure.
"Oh! You're a bottom!" Greg enthused, rubbing his arm as two boys walked in.
"I have video of him slapping his landlady," Sherlock explained. The look on Gregson's face turned deadly. "Also I have a recording of him admitting to stalking me. So you may want to check his laptop and other devices for further evidence of either. I also have no doubt the landlady will testify."
There was a collective "awww" from the crowd.
"I don't know," Mycroft said, weakly. "Every time I think I'm finally above all this, I find myself dragged back in." He let his eyes drift shut, his head hurt so much.
She took the card. It read: Detective Inspector G. Lestrade.
The editor laughed. "I certainly hope so, I'm married to him."
"Why? It's amazing, why keep it a secret?"
"You're dead?" Sherlock asked, his voice cracking.
"Of course, brother mine," Mycroft agreed too quickly. "And how goes the marketing for Miss Hooper's foray into the magical world of television?"
There was only one option left. John. Sherlock gritted his teeth. It was either face the boy he'd hurt or face the wrath of his mother, and Mummy was scarier by far. Sherlock stopped in the middle of the dining room and went through his memory, trying to remember if he had spotted John in his hunt for Mycroft. He closed his eyes and put his fingers on his temples. He threw his head up and mouthed, "Oh!"
Bertie smirked. It was taking everything he had not to just bend Sherlock over and fuck him into the mat.
"Relax, John, I'm fine," Sherlock assured the anxious doctor. "Last time it was two malevolent spirits, one right after the other. This was simply sending someone home who didn't know how to do so on her own."
"Can't wait!" John agreed.
John closed his eyes and opened them slowly. "I thought it might have done when I saw Greg tear out of here looking like murder."
"Do you suppose that if we sent someone down there that we could come to some kind of...well, agreement? Especially since these mistakes appear more than a little malicious in nature," Mycroft said hopefully.
Sherlock laughed at John's response. He was about to reply when he got a phone call. "Hey, Mycroft."
Mummy chuckled. "No, darling. Impressed."
"That cunt Sherlock hit me and then he–" Bertie moaned.
She smiled, her eyes never leaving the phone in front of her. "None of the above, actually."
Sherlock took it with a small, sweet smile on his face. "And of course, if you and Kitty-"
Mycroft chuckled. "Just you wait. Just you wait."
“It’s nothing,” Sherlock maintained.
Mary looked up at her friend, "You'll do know such thing, John is fine sitting across from me. Aren't you, dear?"
Victor smiled. "But who cares about that old crow, Sherlock. I'm here to take you to dinner. Just you, me and a nice bottle of wine."
"Well, hello, gorgeous," Greg murmured and then turned to look Mycroft up and down. "You aren't half bad, either."
In case you are all wondering the part the last chapter originally went to was John saying "Sherlock!" and whirling around.
John wasn't sure who leaned forward first, but soon caressing became kissing. Soon he was panting for breath as the kisses became more heated.
They were uncharacteristically quiet throughout dinner.
"Pulped?" John asked.
"He thinks I meant that I'm the last boyfriend you'd have," John explained. "Bit early for that, honestly."
"You shouldn't, you know," Sherlock whispered.
And then Sherlock gave him two alternatives. Send Sherlock everything they had and hope to hell the detective could solve it from his armchair while taking care of John, or go to the other Holmes brother and ask him to help. He had thought briefly about just sending everything to Sherlock, but when he turned around to close the door behind him, he saw Sherlock tenderly holding John's head up while he administered the medication.
He was about to give up when something caught his eye. There in the store window was a beautiful artist's pencil set, complete with a soft leather case. It reminded him of those old movies about archaeologists and their tool kits. He leaned in close to read the price tag.
"Best surprise ever," John agreed. "Oh how I missed you." He hugged him tighter and then let go.
"You're French, of course you've had foie gras," Mycroft scoffed.
His head was in the clouds and his teammates were teasing him about Cathy, and that she couldn’t be that good to throw the Watson War Machine off his game. So to prove them wrong, he went out there and wailed on their arses.
John tried not to wince. A malevolent spirit with a penchant for violence? Sherlock sure knew how to pick his haunted houses. Sheesh.
"Mr Lyons, could we all agree that Mycroft should take his Aderal
Mrs Hudson cleared her throat. "Is there any way to know for sure it was Victor who sold you out to the press?"
"Come on, then," she said slowly, as if talking to a small child.
Mycroft chuckled. "In the Victorian language of flowers columbine is a symbol of faithlessness and deceived lovers." He looked in the rearview mirror at John. "I am surprised you know that, though, John."
John sat in one of the best boxes at the Royal Opera House, his left fist clenching and unclenching.
"Shite, Jim," Sebastian moaned. "What do we do now?"
The plump doctor huffed, "That's it! Next time you lot can deal with your own sore muscles."
He stormed up the stairs and was surprised to see Sherlock standing at the window composing. John couldn't figure out how Sherlock had beat him home, but he didn't care. All he wanted was a long, hot shower, a cup of tea, and a book by the fire.
"Thanks for that," John murmured.
Sherlock came to stand next to Mary and John, shifting from one foot to the other. Mary looked him over and then laughed. Sherlock's back stiffened and he glared at her. He opened his mouth and then looked over at Greg, who shook his head.
I know, right?
Sherlock nodded. Langdale was an investigative reporter for one of the best papers in England; if anyone could find out who it was, it would be him. "Mhmm."
"Um...no. He doesn't have John's patience."
"What surprise?" Divya asked.
Sherlock winced. "I don't like it any more than you do, but there is nothing I can do about it."
Well, almost anything. He wasn't expecting what he got. A young woman in a wedding dress with smeared makeup, brandishing two long pistols. Her wild eyes scanned the room before lighting on John. With a roar of rage she pointed both guns at John and screamed, "You!"
Hello my freaky darlings! Happy Halloween!
he was doing to make John want to do these things or what he had
"I'm sure you don't, but I assure you any further attempts to orchestrate my removal from my own company will be met with investigations by the Met," Sherlock sneered.
"That was brilliant," John breathed.
"Not this again, Mary," John moaned. "There is no one in all of London who I would want to bring to the after party. Now leave it alone."
"John!" Mike called out when he spotted his friend standing by the front doors.
Too bad that was his only redeeming feature.
"I'm sorry to dash off like this, but I can't stay another minute with her," John snarled, pointing at Mary.
"I'm not judging," Mr Holmes rushed to assure him. "A couple of the authors I edit for suffer from depression, anxiety, or even worse things like OCD or agoraphobia."
about how that performance was the best of Sherlock's career. That it was the best that anyone had ever danced in the role of Siegfried. That Sherlock Holmes was finally back in his element.
6th former that got asked to prom?"
"I don't see why you won't let me take a case," Sherlock groused late Sunday evening.
"Have you seen him?" Sherlock protested. "He'll never date!"
"Bisexual. I like both."
"So where did you get the money for the humidifier or the food I know you've been feeding me, for that matter." John lifted his arm and took a whiff. He made a face, which startled a laugh from Sherlock.
Mr Lyons stood up in front of the class and smiled out at them. "All right, I hope everyone has had the time to finish their poems. Well, except Mr Gruner here, who has an excuse." Everyone turned to look at Bertie who was wearing dark glasses as he sank lower in his seat.
Mycroft shared a smirk with Anthea before looking up at Bertie, "Oops!"
"Too right." John settled his anger, before looking up at Sherlock, "Mycroft's already done something, hasn't he?"
"No. It's...fine," Sherlock murmured before dipping down to kiss him.
The man chuckled. "Not really, just checking up on book trends. I really can't sit through a book without pulling out one of these," he said, producing a red felt-tip pen.
Hello darlings. The Epilogue. I was going to put it up when I got home last night, but the lackluster response to chapter five and the fact that I got home really late from watching Dr Strange after work, I just didn't feel up to it.
"In the car," John squealed, giddy.
"Mrs Hudson!" a voiced called out from inside.
Once the bridge was done, he finally felt like the book was ready to send off to publishers. But each rejection stung a little more. The only thing that kept him from giving up altogether was when he got a new rejection letter he would look up one of his favorite authors to see how many rejection letters they got. It was usually in the double digits, and not
be gentle ribbing.
Sherlock.
He laughed bitterly.
He decided the safest option was to ignore the interfering git. He put John's contact information into his phone and then tapped the device against his bottom lip.
"Ow!" John protested. "I don't. It's just a couple of mates getting together and having dinner."
They soon filed out to go get the next load, with John staying behind to help Sherlock unpack.
She stepped back and Sherlock leaned forward into the car. "I just have one more thing to say."
John's breath became ragged and he began to thrust up, chasing his climax. Sherlock arched his back, his arms ramrod straight as he came. John felt the warm liquid hit his chest and with a few solid strokes from his lover's hand, followed into oblivion.
Sherlock blinked. He hadn't thought that John would want to pick him up. Usually he would meet whoever it was that he was planning to have sex with and then head back to his place for a romp.
Sherlock glared at him, but the cameraman just shrugged.
Greg cocked his head to the side, "Fair enough."
John and Sherlock looked at each other in surprise.
"It's time to pony up, cowboy," Mycroft replied with a grin. "Literally."
Greg sighed heavily. It was one of the reasons Sally wanted to quit. "Because all the fake mystics have seen the show and have scattered like cockroaches when the light has turned on?"
But the kid just kept laughing and was replaced by the stoner.
"I never knew that love could be like this. I always assumed that it was a defect found on the losing side. But how could I lose when I'm with you? It's not possible. I have said that you redeemed me, but I have come to realize I didn't need redeeming. I needed someone to understand that while I was unique, I was just like everyone else in needing love. I am fine being who I am."
Sherlock covered his ears and dropped to a crouch. It was followed by a couple more booms as lightning continued to flash.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow at Sherlock in the mirror and the younger Holmes blushed.
But here we have a shiny new chapter to show for it all. I hope it's worth the wait.
Before Mummy could launch into a tirade, the doorbell rang. Sherlock looked at Mummy expectantly.
"Thank you," John murmured. He stroked Sherlock's back, soothing the tense muscles he felt there. Sherlock slowly began to relax now that the air had been cleared, and calm descended.
"The Tower of London for the charlatan," Wiggins said, pulling out a second grubby envelope to hand to Sherlock.
"Really, Sherlock," Mycroft protested. "They can send it to you, we need to get going."
John bowed his head, "Is there any chance we can reschedule?" The fact that the man was a massive twat, and the fuss Sherlock made were only a couple of reasons he didn't want the man anywhere near his book. And the fact that Sherlock didn't seem to want to go anywhere near the book either, well, that was fine by John.
"The shitith hittith the fan," Mike said.
"Oh? Like what?" Mummy was curious. She was finally able to pin down one of her children about last night, as Sherlock had been deliberately dodging her all morning.
Sherlock snorted in derision.
Mike chuckled. "Oh yeah."
That night, when everyone had gone, John gave Sherlock his present.
"Not as awful as not having anyone around to help you and having to walk back to the house in the pouring rain to explain to your mother that you broke your arm doing something you shouldn't have been doing at a time you should have been safe in the house napping," Sherlock muttered bitterly.
"I guess the rich and famous aren't clamoring to be on that blog of yours," Dillon said with a wink.
"This one is my favorite," Sherlock said softly.
Trigger Warning- Violence, stalking, and suicide by gun.
"Indeed," Sherlock ground out.
John nodded. Perhaps it was time he told someone. He'd been hiding this for so long that it would be nice to lighten the load for once.
Soon the horn sounded and they had to clear the field. They walked to the changing area laughing.
John stubbornly ignored Sherlock Darling's advice and painstakingly bridged the two scenes. He hated the bridging section, but he felt it was necessary to move the plot. There was too much that needed to be explained.
John rubbed his temples. "It varies depending on when I get home, but at least one or two o'clock at night."
She was going to bring her latest boyfriend to the Christmas party. John really hoped this one was a keeper. He wanted her to be as happy with this new fellow as he was with Sherlock. Not that he thought that was possible.
Molly had been looking down throughout her ramble and when she looked up, she gasped. There had been a subtle shift in their demeanor and suddenly she found that she could read them just fine.
Again the dancer nodded.
"John is special."
"I hate you," Victor grumbled, sticking out his lip in a pout.
Bill squeezed his shoulder again. "All right, it's show time. Go get 'em!"
John shook his hand, briefly shifting his cane over to his other hand. "It was wonderful, thank you, Mr Holmes."
His hand was pressed to his lips and tears ran down his cheeks to pool around his fingers before tracing over the delicate lines of his hand.
John stared at the text message for a long time, before drifting off to sleep with the phone in his hand.
If Sherlock had seemed upset before, it was nothing compared to how stricken the man looked now. His already pale skin looked ashen and his hands shook.
"You might still be concussed!" Greg tried to reason.
John nodded. “Thanks, Mike.”
He'd wear one of his black suits with the purple shirt or maybe the blue one. No, wait! He went digging in the back of his closet. He pulled out a pair of black jeans and pulled them on. They still fit. He had bought them for a case a few months back for a disguise and hadn't worn them since. But they did wonders for his arse. He went for a classic white button up and paired it with a sports coat.
John set the bottle on the coffee table and then took the cranberries.
"She tried to get one of her stories published and was accused of plagiarism, by Frank's editor, no less," Sherlock snarled. "How that woman still works in this industry I'll never know, but both she and the head publicist for Shercroft Publishing at the time doubled down, insisting that Mrs Hudson was the thief and not Frank." He motioned for John to go first, but John shook his head.
"That cunt–"
Mycroft pressed his lips together and sighed, "Of course I care. I am just a firm believer in doing something because you want to and not because everyone is doing it."
Hello darlings! I have posted on time! Aren't you proud? Um...I've had this since Monday, but in our defense, my beta, OldPingHai and I wouldn't have been able to get together later in the week.
£40. That's a £100 easy."
Enjoy!
"Don't!"
"We haven't been dating that long," Mary insisted.
Greg snorted.
"They were withdrawing funds for trips and houses and cars and all manner of frivolous things. Mr Knowles said that we had two years to turn the company around or it would have to be sold to the highest bidder."
"John?"
John closed his eyes and tried to remember his breathing techniques to calm himself.
"Thanks, Mrs H," John said and rang off. He looked at his phone for a minute and dialed another number.
"Okay..." John said slowly. "And when do they expect to start the clean-up process?"
Bertie hung up, seething. No one gets away with messing with Adelbert Baron Gruner.
"Why do you let her hang onto you like that?"
"Why is it so hot?" Sherlock complained. "Oh my god!" One hand fell to the floor, while the other he draped dramatically over his eyes like a swooning maiden. He lifted his knee and the bottom length of the robe dove to the ground exposing the long line of his legs and a hint of the black pants he wore.
Toby: Did he give a reason for throwing you under the bus like that?
He went up and touched Sherlock's shoulder, "Hey, you ready to go?"
"What can I say? I like the classics," Greg replied with a grin.
The cabbie laughed before he drove off, leaving Sherlock clinging to the doctor, like a blushing bride on her wedding day. John carefully carried the long-limbed man up the stairs, bridal style.
"Don't give me that look," Donna said sternly. "You know full well what you did." She turned to the two men. "Sorry about that, I'm watching him for a friend of mine while she's out of town. He behaves for her, but not me."
"Not yet it isn't," Sherlock replied.
"Dr Watson?" she asked. John's jaw snapped closed with a click.
"This is the biggest, juiciest piece of gossip I've never heard, so why doesn't the whole town know?" Sherlock asked, moving to sit up on his knees.
Bertie sank into his chair and Mycroft smiled in triumph.
of their other guests. "Shall we go into the house?" he asked, sweeping his arm behind them.
It was a rare night for Sherlock and John. Neither man had anything going on the next day. John had gotten permission to bugger off practice and Sherlock's schedule was clear until he began touring with the Royal Ballet in a few weeks in America for a special showing of their most recent production.
"Hey, Myc," the editor murmured. "Writers are among the biggest divas I've ever encountered, I swear to God."
John shook his head. "Nope, why did you think they were there?"
Their food arrived and John's panic had reached its apex. He took a bite of his food, but it tasted like ash on his tongue. "And what is usually required of the author at these events?"
He ripped off the wrapping, bow and ribbon and gasped when he read the title. In beautiful gold lettering in front of a roaring griffin were the words "The Spring of the Gryphon by Sherlock Holmes" and in smaller print it read "Book One of the 'Seasons of the Beasts' Series".
Sherlock took the collar from John's hands and peeled back more of the material. "That is one hell of a nasty bruise. Did her bullet do that?"
"Shercroft Publishing," John told her unhappily.
"I'll be happy to leave, I assure you," Mycroft groused.
"You really
Mycroft wilted a bit, "Please tell me you haven't gone completely mad?"
John laughed. "I accidentally did that once with my service pistol. Had it on my hip when I went over to a girl's house. We were making out on her sofa and she found it. Totally went mental."
Victor laughed. "Aww, the wee Irish lass following her nationality's natural prejudice against the Scots, tsk, tsk, tsk," he said in the worst Irish accent imaginable.
"Because I would have had plans for Valentine's, too." Greg looked Sherlock dead in the eye, practically asking him to deny it.
Bertie put his hands in his pockets and thrust his chin at Mike, "And what do you get out of this?" He narrowed his eyes suspiciously.
Sherlock wailed as John licked his way in and out of his hole. Sherlock flailed wildly for the lube on the nightstand and finally laid hold of it. He tossed it in his lover's general direction.
"Hey!" John greeted, practically bouncing on his heels as he waved them over. "Did you guys enjoy the game?" he asked everyone, but his eyes never left Sherlock's.
"Didn't I just get through saying I'm beating her off with a stick?" John asked.
"It's just that prom is coming up and I really want to go⊷"
As they slowly danced off, Mycroft watched them, amused. He turned to Greg and raised an eyebrow. "You had a hand in that, didn't you?"
"So here's the thing," Greg began, "My parents divorced two years ago over polo. My papa was always on the circuit, so rarely at home that my
I would have had both chapters up today but I bashed my head pretty hard last Friday, I am almost certain I have a mild concussion. So I'll have the next chapter up this Friday. I would have done the editing on Thursday but I have a son and he LOVES Halloween, so yeah. Friday it is.
The man gave up his assessing stare and went to wander through the aisles of books. But that itch between John's shoulder blades that said someone was watching didn't go away.
When she got to Tegan's, she was a little surprised to find that it was a specialty shop that sold period clothing. From William the Conqueror up to the 1960s. The dresses were ready-made with a sign above the cash box saying that alterations were free. Around the shop were cinema and telly posters most likely from shows that featured their clothing.
John's eyebrows shot up. "You have it memorized?"
She swung back to Sherlock and began to sing above the police's shouts to put down her weapons.
John let out a half sob, half laugh. But he nodded his assent.
Sherlock
Mike and Divya were next. They were delighted to be invited. They hoped that they would see their unexpected guests again.
Sherlock curled up into John's side, clinging to the man Mike had just described.
Mycroft blinked as if he hadn't thought of that aspect of it.
"Come on," Mike urged. "Spill."
Greg rolled his eyes. He cast around for anyone who could help. He spotted one of Sarah's friends. "Hey, Molly!"
Sherlock: No. He needed to be the same naive teenage he always was to carry the plot.
John finished his lovely lunch and went in search of his hosts.
"Tell Sally, maybe it's because he doesn't like her that he doesn't answer," Sherlock said with a shrug, before he opened the door to the waiting car and slid in. Anderson continued to rant, but Sherlock closed the door to instant quiet. He tapped on the ceiling of the car to signal the driver. The car pulled away from the curb and started making its back to London.
"Because it's happened before."
"Oh, to be a fly on that wall when you tell them you went with someone else," John said with a grin. "Who are you going to go with? Not Magnusson Inc, I hope."
"Hello, love," she replied absently as she came across a rather large envelope. "Oxford?"
Greg shoved everything back into his bag and started for the window.
, Victor. You never were. You strung me along until daddy's money came through and then you vanished like a thief in the night. John has stood by me through it all. You are just a ghost. A shadow that defines my past. But you are not my future."
went in the mornings. Where, John had no doubt, he never did anything of substance.
John glanced to where the tall politician was strolling toward them swinging his umbrella back and forth like a pendulum. Mycroft was not his usual self. He looked very ruffled for a man who was usually so put together.
"That pest Miss Adler, kept texting me all morning demanding to know why you were late to her meeting," Mycroft explained. "As if I keep tabs on every breath you take."
"How many storms lasted longer than a couple of hours?" John asked, looking around him for the first time.
"I thought you were against listening to your brother," the doctor said.
"What was what?" Mary asked innocently.
"Loving you is easy," John replied. "I could love you forever."
"Sherlock!" Mycroft greeted warmly. "To what do I owe this pleasure?"
"But-" Sherlock protested.
"Sherlock told me that if we lived modestly like we've been doing, then this money would last us our entire lives."
Toby: Did any of the other characters change?
"I hate it when you're not around
Sherlock blinked, stunned. John Watson had done what now? "That's wonderful news."
John's jaw dropped. "What the honest fuck, Mary? You think I look like this because I got a leg over with someone last night and rolled out bed, thoroughly shagged?"
Sherlock enjoyed it all so much. He just wished he knew
Sherlock growled. "What I do or do not do tonight is none of your business."
"Sorry, Doc," the man said mournfully. "This is going to hurt like hell."
"Now!" Mr Lyons interrupted.
Sally looked down her nose at him, "What? Did you think that you were the
, he replied
While he was thinking about it, the door to the study opened and Sherlock walked in carrying a bundle of clothes.
"Hey, I'll go with ya!" Greg said. "I'd love to pick your brains on the inner workings of your sport."
"This is a bad idea," Sherlock grumbled, sinking further into his chair.
"Excuse me?" John bit out. "I spent a lot of time on that scene and you're telling me it's unnecessary?"
After dinner, Sherlock played a few of his own compositions to John's delight and admiration.
Sherlock's robe followed John's jacket to the floor as hands sought out skin. Shirts were rucked up and removed. Fingers trailed on the bands of their trousers, seeking what lay beneath.
"Seb," John greeted.
John smiled encouragingly.
"Columbine Lodge 1KM"
"Yes, sir." She winced as the other line was disconnected by the phone being slammed into its cradle.
Mycroft spotted another poster for prom. That was the third one in twenty feet and he growled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Just then a streak of pink went shooting by and he thought he could make out over the sonic boom, "Mike!"
"No!" Jim cried out.
Sherlock's face lit up and the rest of the meal was spent in easy silence.
"I hope this won't be a regular occurrence when we dine here," Sherlock murmured. "I just like a quiet meal when I go out. I'm sure it's worse for you."
"You didn't take one, did you, Stamford?" Sarah asked suspiciously.
They stopped in front of Sherlock's room and John glanced through the window at his friend. Sherlock's eyes were closed, but John could see the stamps of his malnutrition on the circles under those fluttering eyelashes. His skin was sallow, having lost its healthy glow, and his cheekbones stood out more prominently then ever before. He sighed. This was the product of weeks of self-neglect. He had just been too busy to notice.
Up next: the Party!
"You will be back for my release party at the end of the year, right?" John asked, hopefully.
Yes, yes, that IS their first kiss. Sherlock is shy and John is wanting to go slow. ;)
I missed you all. But I have been so sick the last couple of months that it hurt to write. Hell, it hurt to work but I've got bills to pay and mouths to feed, so that came first.
"You poor bastards," John hissed.
"You haven't missed a meeting since Victor went and put up all those pictures of the two of you when you were dating, and I just worried is all," Mycroft explained.
"When was the last time you visited Mrs Hudson's shop?" Mycroft inquired, nonchalant.
wrote it," Sherlock sneered.
"Oh," she replied, a small smile creeping up on her face. She smirked and then walked back out to the store, a spring in her step.
Greg chuckled. "In London, actually having to buy a place, instead of stealing from that landlady of yours, he'd be right. He probably didn't want you to freak out over how much was in there."
"Caught him, though," Sherlock defended.
"Yeah, about some hell hound or something," Wiggins said, and took a long drag of his cigarette.
It was Christmas yet again. Sherlock wanted to make it special. They hadn't had a good Christmas together and it was bearing down on Sherlock like a weight around his neck. He had to make it the best Christmas ever.
"Good idea of John's to have the party here," Mike said, changing the subject. "Not much of a chance of random people showing up. They'd have to go through Mrs Hudson and she's more formidable than a measly blizzard." Sherlock chuckled. "Though, party crashing worked well enough for you."
"Oh, John," Mrs Stamford cooed, as she helped the boy get to his feet. "I should have told him to stop."
The man always dressed well, but tonight he had pulled out all the stops. He was in a black suit with a deep blue button-up shirt that brought out the blue in his eyes.
John blinked a moment or two trying to figure out what Sherlock had just said. His face lit up.
Sherlock took John's hand. "Let's go home, John."
Greg nodded. Sherlock's life had been rough since the book came out; the fallout with Victor, the way Sherlock threw himself into the sport of fencing to get over the bastard, the way Sherlock would get close to someone only to find that they didn't care about him, or they would find out about the book and it hurt him deeply.
Sherlock was practicing his fencing as Bertie watched. Bertie liked the way the fencing uniform showed off Sherlock's assets and slowly licked his bottom lip.
"He only does the deep background checks on these people because he doesn't want his only living relation dead because one of the guests became violent and tried to kill me."
John and Sherlock were curled up on the sofa in their new digs on Baker Street about a month after the incident at Appledore. Mrs Hudson was happy to have them, she even gave them a deal on the rent after the favor Sherlock had done for her with the whole Moriarty affair.
"Can I get a lift, too?" Jackie asked. Louisa nodded.
Sherlock sniffed, struggling to get his emotions under control. He had people he needed to call, and his brother was on the top of that list.
"I'm not interested in your help," Greg growled. "Bertie Gruner can plough whoever he wants."
"I hear you didn't take credit for your continuing survival. It sure got Dr Marrow in a twist," Bill commented dryly.
"I don't need it. I have plenty of money and I can still see my friends from there on pub nights." John put his hand on his chin and crossed his legs at the ankle.
A cheer went up and Bertie fought his way to his feet, but was ignored as the crowd took up the chant, "Kiss, kiss!"
He walked out onto the pavement and looked up at the snow that was beginning to fall. It was a good day. He had secured Shercroft Publishing's future and maybe Moran & Moriarty's as well. Provided, of course, Sebastian takes over as CEO and Jim is left
Sarah was looking around at the perfect arrangement. She had almost every cheese imaginable. Well, all but the stinky ones. Her mum put her foot down at the Limburger.
the acknowledgments, right?"
John blinked and allowed Mike to lead him on. He continued to point out groups while John nodded.
"You see, I want to take out Sherlock Holmes, but there is the little problem of he can't date until his brother does," Bertie explained with a suave grin.
"You throw them, like civilized folk. Where do you think we are, America?" the owner scoffed.
"You see,
She smiled at him. "He's fine, John. Nothing good, regular feedings won't cure."
"You did," Sherlock murmured. "It just took awhile to understand what I meant."
She nodded and ran off.
Hello, my lovies. Here it is the last chapter. After almost 2 years this story has finally reached its end. I want to thank all of you who have stayed with me through it all. The tears, the laughs.
"I'm sorry," Mycroft said, regretting his earlier comment.
Mary hissed "See?" David looked down sheepishly, feeling a rush of relief.
John drank a long sip of the coffee, letting the caffeine hit his system. "Long shift at the surgery, two of the doctors on staff called in sick today."
"He was so fit," Mycroft self-mocked.
He turned the oven down a bit and then pulled on his winter gear to brave the snow. John dashed to the only all-night grocery nearby. He scoured the shelves and finally found one can tucked away behind some green beans.
"Ah," James said.
"Age is just a number," Mary huffed, folding her arms in front of her chest and leaning on her back foot.
"Who taught you how to dance this well?" Sherlock asked, a chuckle trying to make itself known.
"Only because your boyfriend would kill you if ogled in the slightest," Janine teased.
John looked up at Sherlock. The publicist's shoulders were rounded and his hands were jammed into his coat pockets. His head was turned away and every line in his body was screaming his distress.
Up from the second story, Sherlock watched in disgust. He rolled his eyes and walked away.
"Yeah," John replied. "I didn't mean to abscond with your book, I just had it with my things and I packed so quickly, it ended up in with the rest of it."
Greg was leaning up against the back wall behind the mess hall, having a cigarette.
Mycroft wove through the crowd, cursing Lestrade, Sherlock, their mother, and Anthea for getting him into this mess. Mycroft shook his head. Where did this all go wrong? He wanted cry. Instead he took a deep breath and went looking for a way out. He picked a doorway, but that proved to be the wrong choice, as Bertie was in it.
"Mummy made me promise to look after you," Mycroft said, lifting his chin up in defiance.
Mycroft ignored him and spoke to John. "I'm afraid one of my best writers is having a bit of a meltdown and I don't know how long this call will take. But I'm sure Sherlock will be able to keep you entertained until I'm through."
Both boys snapped their mouths shut.
James and Mrs Hudson shared a knowing glance but wisely said nothing when the young nurse stomped her foot.
After finding out that the only two numbers in Sherlock's phone book were his and Mycroft's, John did a little digging and found that the detective often alienated people with his deductions, as Sherlock called them. Other than his brother, Mycroft, and his fiancé, Greg, Sherlock didn't have a lot of people who would be willing to come, so John called a couple of his own friends.
I also didn't have the time as my husband went out town for Dragon-Con and because I couldn't get all the time off I needed to go with him, guess who stayed home and watched the two year-old? You guess right again, me! So, deepest and sincerest apologies and I hope the massive amounts of fluff in this chapter make up for it.
Sherlock ran his fingers through his hair in frustration, fluffing his curls angrily.
One he was going to have to deal with soon, if he kept this up.
"Yeah, okay," Mike replied. "Just...go easy on him, yeah? He might be a prick, but he's been hurt bad."
Anyway, enjoy!
"Good, because I have this fantastic chocolate cake and lovely champagne to go with it that I would hate to go to waste," John murmured.
and the way you cut your hair
"'m not..." he slurred. "I'm lying down."
John's jaw worked back and forth as he struggled with what to say next. "I am a veteran of the Afghanistan war where I was wounded in action. I have PTSD, which can make for a rough night. Add on the fact that I am holding down a full-time job, training you and James, and have a deadline I have to meet to get my book out in time. When do I have time for a social life?"
"No? What do you mean, no?" Sherlock sneered. "Did you not hear me say to go get changed?"
"What?" Greg asked, his hands on his hips.
"I know we haven't been dating long," Greg looked over at Mary, who blushed. "But we've know each other for years before that, will you marry me?"
Sherlock and Sebastian looked at each other in shock.
John nodded. "They aren't sure what's wrong. She complains that there is a pain in her back, but doctors have done all sorts of tests on her back, and they can't find anything. So we came back to England in hopes that they can find what is making her so sick."
Toby: But it backfired.
John nodded. He was done for the season and he and Sherlock had six lovely weeks to themselves before the dancer had to go back to the Opera House to begin the next ballet season. And this was the best way to start it.
John shook his head, "I just have the stuff that I keep in my car, if that's okay?"
Mr Holmes cocked his head to the side. "I would have never pegged you for an army man, what division were you in?"
"Just be back in time for your birthday," John admonished, but his heart wasn't really in it. "I have something special planned for you."
"Just me?" Sally ventured a guess.
John stepped back far enough to see Sherlock's face, but not far enough to break Sherlock's hold on him. "You think I'm good looking?"
"You can't be here, and you know why," Dillon said.
May I please bring to your attention the lovely little number of chapters? As you can see there is a firm number of chapters to be wrought. Now, it might go up, but only by one.
Sherlock looked down his nose at John, "You aren't going to let this go, are you?"
Again Sherlock thumbed through the contents. "His choice, I suspect."
And just like that, his desire melted away into something warmer, something more akin to affection.
"That would explain a lot," John admitted. Mycroft smirked.
John lifted his head and grasped the detective's face to press their foreheads together. "I don't either." John kissed him. "But we'll figure it out together. You and me against the world. Remember?"
"Besides," John said. "What could possibly go wrong?"
"Yeah, why do you insist on using the show's full title?" John inquired. "I mean, wouldn't it be easier to just use the shortened version?"
John snorted.
"You're ma-married?!" Victor spat out.
"I can't believe prom is almost here," Sherlock sighed. "It's almost to the point where all the good suits and tuxes will be gone."
John sat down and sighed. "Me too, Mrs Hudson, me too."
"Oh, hello," she said, her eyes darting between Sherlock and Anderson. "You must be the nice young men to pick up M– " she stopped and put her hand to her mouth. "Mr Brook," she corrected.
"Come in!" Mycroft called.
Mycroft's head snapped back as though he'd been slapped. He grabbed the keys out of the ignition and got out of the car, slamming the door behind him.
explained what that means."
"Yeah, I thought not," Greg said, his grin mischievous. "Although, I think I have a couple ideas of what you could with that time instead."
Lithe as a cat, Sherlock surged up to pin John underneath him. "You aren't getting away with having me naked and you not."
Sherlock broke out of Mycroft's grip. "Do
"Yeah," John said, cocking his head to the side in confusion. "I wanted to thank you all for being so supportive over the last couple of months, as I know it couldn't have been easy picking up the slack when I had last-minute meetings with my agent and my editor. So I invited all three of you."
"Go home," John bit out bitterly. He hung up the phone and tried to find a cab, but they all just drove past him like he was invisible. He headed for the nearest Tube station but before he could make it to the shelter of the underground, the skies opened up and drenched him to the bone. There were no seats to be had on the train and the walk home was even more hellish than the walk to the Tube station.
Sherlock nodded, taking off his jacket.
Mycroft giggled the last line as he neared hysterics, but he cleared his throat and pressed on.
John raised his eyebrows. "Him?"
When the curtain fell for intermission, John found himself at the edge of his seat, mouth hanging open, and his hands gripping the arm rests. He sat back and unclenched his fingers trying to restore life back into them.
Mike chuckled. "Yes, just wait for the second half, it gets better."
John definitely preferred his mornings to his evenings. While Mary was flirtatious and coy, James was quiet and refined. They would talk about their time in the army and their mutual acquaintances. They had never met when they both were in the military, but they knew some of the same people, albeit at different times.
Sherlock sighed, "
Sherlock winced. "I'm sure that Mikey–"
John lifted his head. "Thank you, love."
"I'm on my
"Was that a 'yes'?" Greg called after him.
John half shrugged, "I thought he was."
doing. It was all very confusing, and time spent in his mind palace had yielded no answers.
Divya laughed. "Well done!"
She moved her hand enough to glare at her eldest.
favorite part of the book, but wanted to know why it was John's.
"I can only imagine," Sherlock said softly. "I'll talk to her and see if she can't hire more staff. Or at the very least start thinking about hiring your replacement."
"Yeah," John said. "I really enjoyed our time together this weekend and would like to see you again when we get back to London. Maybe go for drinks or something."
Some of the apparitions could speak, but most were mute. Silent in their agony and pain. Their loss and mourning etched into their features but not able to tell of their torment. John liked those only marginally better than the screamers and the violent ones.
"Sister!" Sherlock hissed.
"Absolutely not," Mummy bit out harshly. "Teenage sex, drugs, and alcohol run rampant at prom."
"Oh Sherlock!" John took the dancer's face in his hands. "You daft git, I
"Hey," John greeted. "You're awake. I was just going to let you sleep. The thunder doesn't seem to worry you if you're sleeping."
Sherlock gulped and turned back to the offending section. He let out a long-suffering sigh. "The scene between when the hero is bleeding out and when he wakes up in hospital is a bit long winded. It would be better if it was cut down or left out altogether."
"I heard. It was tragic, but Sherlock is a bit of cold fish, isn't he? He couldn't have been much comfort for you, I could, maybe..." she trailed off, biting her lip suggestively.
Victor rounded on the newcomer. "Now listen here, Langdale-" Victor began.
"Sherlock Darling!" she squealed. "I had begun to despair that you wouldn't be coming back to my humble little shop."
"Yeah?" John asked. "It means a lot to me to hear that from you. I worried the most about former and current military personnel being upset by it."
Sherlock turned to the next page, "Right, so clearly you have a lot of punctuation and grammar issues. If we decide to pick up your book after you make the necessary changes, we have a list of editors who would go over that with you."
"I am being serious," Greg said. "Come to prom with me."
her do anything. I've begged, I've pleaded, I've been nice, rude, and everything in between and nothing deters her."
"Sure," Sherlock said with a shrug. "There is a whole pile of them collecting dust in a warehouse somewhere. I might as well find a good home for one of them."
Sherlock stood up. "You mentioned he had a gun shot wound in his head, can you describe the person you saw?"
Sherlock stood waiting on the corner of the street, smoking, when Wiggins rose up from the bench and stood next to him.
Sherlock didn't need to ask who
At first John couldn't figure out what was wrong as he felt for wounds, but when he saw the note grasped in Sherlock's fist, he knew.
"Oh, Mr Holmes!" she said, drawing up short. "I hope Julie here is being accommodating."
stupid," Sherlock explained. "But I do feel a little bad that you got drawn into a game you couldn't afford to play, so I will email Sebastian here a list of American contacts looking to expand their market overseas. It will be up to you whether or not you can procure them."
"Oh, Mr Holmes," Prof. Weston said, "I forgot that you were tutoring Mr Watson in here today. I was just going to get the lab ready for my classes tomorrow."
"Sally?" Sherlock asked in surprise.
"Going to prom," he called as he strode for the front door, "don't wait up, I'll be home late." Mycroft opened the door and slammed it behind him.
"Sherlock!" John protested.
"Why wasn't he thrown out then?" John asked, snuggling closer to Sherlock.
Mike watched as Sarah passed around fliers to her "tasteful" cheese tasting. Like that wasn't the most horrible pun in existence. He waited until she had a small handful left and bumped into her, sending her remaining fliers to the ground. He murmured apologies and straightened up.
So a shiny, new chapter of this story will have to do.
Greg decided to take John out for drinks to make up for being a bastard when he was sick. He knew Sherlock wasn't going to leave John's side, but had gotten so desperate that he hadn't cared that John was so ill that he had barely moved from the sofa the whole time.
John nodded. "Despite how much I love 'Griffin's Steps', the one thing that got me was how juvenile it read. And then when I found it was written by an actual teenager, it made sense.
He took a deep sigh. "You never wanted to go sailing with me, did you?" John asked as he pulled up to Sherlock's house.
"Well, aren't you as pretty as picture," John said with a chuckle.
The car finally rolled to a stop and John got out.
John frowned and looked down at the response in the book, but it didn't match with what Sherlock had just said. But he plowed on, "
"So I talked to Anthea," Mike told them. "And she said, he 'hates him with the fury of a thousand fiery suns.' That's a direct quote."
Sherlock pressed their bodies together and started to do amazing things with his hands and tongue.
The former soldier's shoulders sagged and he stopped dead in the middle of the pavement, head hanging down.
"I'm afraid not," Mycroft said. "My meeting with the BBC to film a limited series of my client's books got moved up to today and then I'll be far too busy to do another face to face for sometime."
Sherlock shook his head. "I just wanted everything to be perfect."
"Did it work?" John asked with a raised eyebrow.
He rolled his head back against the headrest of his chair and groaned. He hit the arms of his chair in frustration. He really didn't want to leave London. London had a lot of charms, and none more enticing than that of John Watson.
"I was in a tree when a pretty big storm hit," Sherlock said, looking down at his shoes. "I was supposed to be inside taking a nap, but I thought I saw a squirrel with something shiny and I wanted to see what it was." Sherlock closed his eyes.
"No, install car stereos," Mycroft snarked, "Of course, play in a band." He turned to glare out the window. "It's not like Mummy would let me."
"John!" the Detective Inspector called as soon as Greg spotted him.
He decided it was best to get out and go for a walk. Preferably before he jumped his flatmate. He stopped at the foot of the sofa and thought about telling Sherlock that he was going, but Sherlock was in his mind palace.
He managed to sneak past the ladies in reception, but before he could make it into his office, he was waylaid by his boss standing in front of him, arms folded in front of his chest. John looked up to see Dr Dillon Janzek glaring down at him.
Sherlock followed him.
"This is what he did when I suggested that he was better off without that devil's spawn. I can't- I won't go through that again."
"Oh what the hell," Greg said, pulling Mycroft on his lap. "I was going to ask your parents first, but you might have figured it out by then."
"All right, Neo. Glasses off," Mr Lyons barked.
Brutus woofed.
"Yes, that would certainly distract Padua on Saturday," the professor stammered.
Greg huffed out a laugh. "No, of course not. What would you do with that many guitars? No, I'll buy you a drum kit, a keyboard, a bass, and if you're really, really lucky, maybe someday a tambourine."
John ran his fingers over his face. "Not good," he admitted.
"Pardon," a new voice interrupted. "Is there a problem?"
Sherlock had prepared a salmon wellington with crisp potatoes and fried asparagus.
was Victor Trevor? Shit. He wasn't at all what he expected. All right, to be fair he was expecting more Tom Hiddleston than Sendhil Ramamurthy. But either way, this man screamed money and lots of it.
"Although, I think I'm starting to warm up to you, maybe you are aren't as immune as you thought, as either of us thought."
"Are you sure, James?"
Sherlock buried his head in his hands. He wanted to text John (or considering how desperate he felt, actually call him to hear his voice). But he didn't have the former doctor's number and he would impale himself on his letter opener before he asked Mrs Hudson for it. She would tease him about asking, and he couldn't live with her gentle ribbing.
Sherlock whirled away from her to pounce on the unsuspecting newcomer, but when his eyes lit on the man, he was blown away. Here was this fit, blond, smiling stranger in a shiny silver suit which really should have looked ridiculous, but really didn't. It took Sherlock's brain a few seconds to catch up.
Sherlock lifted his head out the duvet and said a little louder, "I didn't know where they were kept."
"It was my editor's idea, he thought it was good enough for a whole trilogy," Sherlock said apologetically.
"What, and miss Molly giving the best man speech? Never!" John said with a laugh.
Everyone looked to Sherlock, who was standing there, stunned.
Sherlock glared at him. "I may be in marketing as a publicist now, but I learned to do this sort of thing, same as Mycroft."
Greg tilted his head to the side, questioning. "You know, you don't strike me as the sort that would need permission from anyone, let alone their mum."
"Of course I do," Greg implored. "It wasn't just about the money."
"At least we weren't the only ones," Sherlock thumbed at the blond behind him, "this idiot got stuck in the snow in a sports car at the bottom of the hill."
"Fine," Mycroft said standing up. "I'll let you get back to Reginald's quivering shaft."
She hugged him and gave him a kiss on the cheek as she stroked his back.
"You ready to go, love?" John asked as he tugged on the straps.
John looked at the open door and then with a sigh and shake of his head, he slipped in beside Mycroft's PA.
"Explains why you hate therapists," John replied. "Well, you get to reading that, I'll find other things to do with my time."
"I won't," John promised. "Hey, I was wondering if you wanted to go for coffee or a late lunch?"
"Good," John said firmly. "Because I know I'm in love with you."
"I met Mike
Halfway through the shindig, John called for everyone's attention. He took Sherlock's hand in his and smiled up at the detective.
Sherlock shook his head, but kept his distance. He stuck his hands into the pockets of his overcoat and turned away.
"Yes," Mary said, jumping up and down. "Skiing in Scotland? Who knew?"
"Hello and welcome to 221Books. I'm John, just let me know if you need anything," John greeted and then went back to stocking shelves.
you break me out of detention?" he asked. "I mean, I'm not saying I'm ungrateful or anything, but I
John cringed. "Shit, Sherlock. I'm sorry."
Bertie ran his tongue over his bottom lip. "Money I have, this I'll do for pleasure."
John was looking frantically for an exit, and Sherlock immediately rushed to open the door that led to the hallway.
"Sherlock, thank goodness you're here," Mycroft said. "This will make things easier."
Doctor Michael Stamford
John's eyebrows shot up. "What the hell? Mrs Hudson put me in charge of training you, and I'm pretty sure she'd back me up if you keep growling at her customers."
“No!”
"Please!" she cried, "Take it out‒" the two boys that were fighting crashed through the patio doors and on the lawn. "Side." Sarah sighed heavily. "Thank you," she called weakly.
"They'll notice if I quit my job," John snapped back.
He was shocked to silence when he saw who had answered the door, his speech dying on his tongue. He had been expecting Brook, so when he saw the small, elderly woman clothed in a plum dress, he didn't know what to say.
"Oh, neither really," Greg replied. "You see, my husband is a
Sherlock looked down shyly and chewed the bottom of his lip. Then he leaned over and kissed John on the lips. John blinked in shock as Sherlock got out the car and started to walk for the house.
"I am
"I'm surprised people are selling it for that much, if I'm honest."
Greg shrugged. "It's the least I could do, making you come out here like this. So what have you got for me?"
John turned to stare at Sherlock, "Too much information, mate."
"Haven't I made that clear?" John asked. Sherlock shook his head. "What part of 'I love you', don't you understand?"
John looked at the paper and pen and sighed. "What if you can't get it for me?"
Bertie led them away, but Sherlock tried to turn around to talk to John, "We'll talk later, all right?"
"Mmm...what was that for? Not that I'm complaining," the med student asked warmly.
"Would you?" Mr Weston asked. "That would make it so much easier, I wouldn't want to give you an unfair advantage."
Greg raised his eyebrows, but didn't comment further and Mycroft just thanked the man.
"Hello," he began with a tentative smile.
He knew what the problem was. Like Shercroft Publishing, Moran & Moriarty had been in business for generations (Shercroft Publishing was its most recent rebranding, having been called some iteration of Holmes family names for the last hundred or so years). Moran & Moriarty had also been in business for that long, but most recently it had been taken over by the youngest Moriarty son, who seemed hell-bent on running the company into the ground.
John rolled his eyes, but before he could come back with an equally scathing comment, Mrs Hudson arrived and pulled the annoying man away, leaving John to figure out the display.
Mycroft's jaw dropped.
Sherlock followed John out to the curb, where the doctor hailed a cab. They both got in and Sherlock frowned when John gave the cabby the address. It wasn't Mike's flat, nor any of his assistant's favorite haunts.
"What the hell was that?" he panted.
As he backed away Greg pulled the knife out, causing John to stumble.
"Hey, Myc," she said when he answered. "I saw everything, you want to talk?"
"Anderson!" Sherlock hissed as he danced around the room. "Where is her purse?" He wove around the room looking for her purse.
"You're not frightened?" the man asked, his voice oozing public school and super posh.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes. "John, leave it alone."
Mr Lyons worked his mouth but no words would form. He coughed discreetly into his hand. "What, no witty remark or biting criticism?"
John excused himself from a Molly that was being overly apologetic for Mary's behavior and said, "I'll be right back."
Sherlock chuckled and dived in for another kiss. John hummed happily into his lips. He thought of that quote by Louisa May Alcott:
Sherlock laughed. "Well, it's not very secret if you know about it, Wiggins."
Sherlock whirled around. "Oh God, if you've noticed then he has too!"
The two just chatted about the house's history as they made their way around the massive building to the orchard.
"Sherlock, I need to speak to you in private," Mycroft said, in a voice that brooked no argument. He turned to John. "Please continue to eat and drink your fill. And then please join us in my study." He pointed behind him. "It's that room there."
Mycroft's smile could be felt through the phone. "Not yet, but John isn't just a step up, he's several stories up."
"Wait, is that what I think it is?" Wiggins asked, looking back and forth between Greg and Sherlock.
He crawled into the fort on his side and laid down. Sherlock stared at it for a moment and then decided what the hell, and crawled in after him.
"I adore you," John murmured.
"Like
, Molly. I need a maid of honor and there is only one person who can fill that slot. You."
"Even when he's right?"
"Well, at least Sherlock was in earnest when he told me," Mycroft admitted.
"Good," he said as he touched the outside of the coat where the envelopes were hidden. "And for the last one, Watson? What have we got for him?"
"As if anything could keep me away," Sherlock teased.
"She must have been crazy," John huffed.
Sherlock frowned. "How do you know?"
"You're on!" John said, raising up for the challenge.
This session, it was Sherlock who had a hard time concentrating on the lesson. Over and over in his head he kept wondering why straight arrow John Watson would be interested in punk rebel Sherlock Holmes. But even Sherlock would be a fool to not notice the connection between them. Maybe it was that connection that prompted popular John to ask the social pariah out.
He got off their suspect and let Greg handcuff him. "By breaking his nose from the look of it," Greg said, his chin tilted up to get a better look at the guy's face.
John nodded and sighed in relief when doing so didn't make him wince.
Mycroft growled. He dove into the crowd and began looking for Sherlock. He had to find him before Bertie did. There was something he had to tell his little brother, Mycroft's dignity be damned.
Again some small chuckles, and it took everything John had not to wince. He didn't think the speech was going that badly, but hardly anyone was reacting at all. John looked over at Greg who was glaring at them.
Greg laughed, "Like I told Prof Smallwood, you'd have to talk to my
John took his phone back and began putting it together again, "I would have run away a long time ago if it wasn't for Mum."
I am also loving the comments and attention this story getting. Thank you all!
Mycroft's eyes went wide. "I'm sorry."
She was a fantastic artist when she plied herself to her craft and it was her style, too.
When John had given Mary her present of a beautiful bird brooch, she didn't look happy as much as she looked relieved. Relieved it wasn't something else. And that unease about the whole weekend returned.
She crossed her legs and hissed, "You are an hour late! I had to do
He could almost feel his husband's grin on the other line, "Ages, I am clearly due for a visit."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well of course did!" Mike said with a laugh. "No one ever treated him like you did, John. He had no idea how long you'd stay."
"It was amazing and people can piss off. -JHW"
Greg smiled and flicked his cigarette. He stood up and shoved his hands in his jeans' pockets. "You're not very talkative, are you?"
"That's far too late to be healthy, John," Sherlock murmured.
"Mike did work for the BBC, just never as an assistant. He was actually in the set dressing department. He had started working there part time, and then when he started making more money doing that, he quit being a doctor. He has,
John laughed.
calling his mother.
Mycroft reared his head back, "Up for what?"
Ç'est bête. Quand vas-tu me demander de sortir?- This is stupid. When are you going to ask me out?
The taller man raised a sceptical eyebrow and Greg snorted in disbelief. John glared at them both.
So let me know in the comments which one you think I should do next and I'll let you know in the chapter which one it is. :D
As they walked around town a bit to let their stomachs settle, Sherlock murmured, "You must think me strange, not realizing you were asking me out on Valentine's Day."
"The bride who seemed to think you were her groom and that I was sent to take you away."
The second strikeout for Mike was that he tried dancing near a group of girls. And since Mike's sense of rhythm was as graceful as an infant goat, he was rebuffed there as well.
John pulled Sherlock in for a kiss.
Sherlock blushed and murmured, "Thank you."
James was standing on John's left, which gave his right an opening for Mary to stand, but the young nursing student had other plans.
John pointed to the sign. "That should have been my first clue that she was cheating on me."
Once they had stopped, John sighed happily. "I have a turkey in the oven, you want to come over, have dinner together?"
John ran his fingers through his hair. "Not really, I'm working all day at the bookshop and then coming home and editing until I fall asleep at my keyboard."
Toby:
John sat in the shop's bathroom with his head in his hands as he tried not to scream. It was the only place in the entire building that the new hire did
Mycroft's dancing became more and more provocative as his classmates egged him on. He writhed and undulated on the table, touching himself.
He slid his arm around John's shoulders, and John slid his arm around Sherlock's waist. They walked off into the crowd, completely ignoring the wide, open-mouthed gaping Victor was doing.
"I don't know what I would do if someone told me I couldn't play guitar anymore," Mycroft said, pained. "So what did you do?"
"Sadists," Mike muttered, opening the door and strolling out. "Which is to say my parents. But they did put in a tankless water heater, so they weren't complete bastards."
He dialed another number, "Hey, you got a date to prom?" He smiled when he heard the squealing of joy on the other line. "Can you be ready in twenty minutes? Good. I'll see you then."
"Oh hell no," Greg said firmly. "You weren't there for the fallout the first time and if that happens again, I don't think he'd survive."
Sherlock nodded solemnly. "Of course, John."
"You're going have to stop your little obsession with me," Greg snarked, washing his hands. "People are going to talk." He winked.
Greg's smile turned into a grin. "I called in my favor with my dad. He's apparently friends with the drummer."
Anderson cursed, "Well, I'll be damned."
"Yeah, no," Greg snapped. "That's not why."
Greg's head dropped back and he rolled his eyes. "Enculer!"
Dale gave his boyfriend a good, long kiss before murmuring, "No you don't." He nuzzled Victor's neck. "You love me."
The warm glow in Sherlock's chest would brighten every time he would brush John's hand, or John's arm would wrap around his waist. They never strayed far from each other, always reaching out even if it was just a brush of fingers along the other's arm.
John leveled a steely glare at the elder Holmes, "And you won't get it, either. I was a soldier, you forget. I know that sometimes you have to do whatever it takes to survive."
Mike and John shared a glance. "Um, we have a proposition for you," John muttered.
"Why are you telling me?"
Mycroft stretched out his legs on the bed and crossed them at the ankles. He put his hands on his lap and sighed. "Bertie never told you we went out, did he?"
"Good." Greg looked down the hall. "Perfect timing. Here comes Mycroft."
Mycroft opened the door and Sherlock glared at him. "What do you want?"
Sherlock looked around the hall, knowing that Tobias would have let John and his guest backstage.
"So that's two. How do we know that the chubby one is called Mike? Because when the door opened John yelled 'We have to do something, Mike!' when the chubby one protested helping strangers. Now, that could have been any of the girls. Mike can be short for Michaela but we know that the blonde is Mary as David the Idiot told us. And Molly is the mousy thing who was offended at his suggestion being her partner for the holiday. That leaves the Indian woman and the chubby doctor. And since it was the two men at the door and the women didn't come until called, Mike it is. Which leaves the remaining lovely lady. Mike told a Divya to get the blankets, that tells us that she is Divya."
"Yes!" Jim shouted.
"Thank you. I have something to ask you," he said, biting his lip.
"I'm sure things aren't as bad as you're making them out to be," Mike said consolingly. "Just give it a day, and you'll be fine."
"That's settled then." John handed Sherlock his can of cranberries. "You take care of the cranberries and I'll take care of the rest."
John's brain went offline at the thought of doing this again, and he came abruptly, with Sherlock not far behind.
Sherlock was freaking out. Wiggins at Will Call had told him that John had shown up for one of his final performances. With another bloke. Wiggins couldn't describe him, he wasn't paying attention to the other man, only that John had come at last.
But no. He didn't want to go, so she would have to find another date. Anthea was so desperate yet that she was willing to throw herself at anyone who might glance her way.
Sherlock cuddled into John's chest. "Good."
Mycroft grinned. "I learned something new about our latest new author."
Hello, everybody! I have come to wrap up that little cliffhanger from last time. And give a little of Seb/Jim tease for people.
"Right," John said, rubbing his eyebrow, "so generally we start with pronunciation."
"That's a shame, I'm sorry you had to go that way," John continued as if he hadn't heard the question.
"Oh yes," Sherlock said coming up to stand next to John. "You see, Victor, I found someone who isn't interested in me just because I'm suddenly famous and worth the effort. You aren't interested in
"I promise."
Mycroft chuckled. "Yes even him. He actually wrote a beautiful piece about it, I'll send you a link for you to read later."
John rang off for a second time and was left feeling...he honestly didn't know. But that was some heady information he had been told, and while he could look it up online, he decided to trust Mike on this one.
"These are
"Hey, Cath," John soothed. "It's okay. He's just a bit defensive because dancers don't get a lot of credit for what they do, and the men are seen as gay."
John laughed. "Well, good on Mike."
"That's-uh...he wouldn't- would he?"
Thanks to Old Ping Hai, who is an absolute gem. I don't what I would do without her.
PS: If anyone can tell me how align Mike's tombstone to the middle of the paragraph, instead of the left side, I'd love you forever.
"It was our pleasure, Mr Watson," Mrs Holmes said with a smile.
"He must be feeling pretty pleased with himself," Sherlock noted dryly.
"How often does this happen?" John asked, his temper rising even more with the short, almost non-answers he was getting from Sherlock.
"Oh, sweetheart," Mrs Hudson cooed when he put her down. "I haven't seen you in ages! Let me look at you." She held him at arm's length to give him a once over. "You are more handsome than before, you fox!"
Anderson snorted. "It's an easy mistake for him to make, he's been called worse things by the people they had on the show."
"There isn't anyone available, Sherlock," Mycroft growled. "There is a reason I'm the one doing it today."
Mycroft shook his head and pointed at the paper, "I have to do this, but you two go and have fun."
"When I was twenty, it had £100,000 in it," Sherlock hedged.
"Did you dispel her?" John asked concerned. "The last time you did that, you fainted and were on bedrest for days. Are you okay? Do you need to lie down?"
you."
in his future. Sherlock looked stricken, but John laughed.
"Well then," John laughed.
John's eyebrows snapped downward and he glared at Sherlock in suspicion. "What?" he snarled.
Mrs Hudson cocked her head to the side and smiled, "Yes, I like that."
Mycroft blinked. Not only did Sherlock rarely come to his office (well, bar recently, when he had been harassing big brother for cases), but he usually just barged in without waiting to have himself announced.
Sherlock smiled. "Perhaps; hard to cook while my mind is elsewhere, like on a case, though."
But he was being polite, which meant whatever it was, it lay with Mycroft to grant. And he would grant it. Mycroft didn't care if it was to bomb half of the western bloc; if it meant seeing his brother like this again, he'd do it.
"Of course I do. Sherlock Holmes, the premier ballet dancer who danced this Christmas to rave reviews in 'Swan Lake'.
"That's two months away," Sherlock said. "I hope this won't last as long as that. But I can't make promises, I'm sorry, John."
"Come in!" Sherlock called.
"Why? Because I asked you out, I have to be the one in control?" Greg inquired.
"Mr Holmes is my father, call me Sherlock," he replied, taking John's hand.
John shrugged. "It's like owning a banned book, they're selling the drama behind the book, not the book itself. Which is sad, because if it was released today instead of ten years ago, there wouldn't be as much backlash."
"It's one of a kind," John explained.
John nodded. When he wasn't working with Sherlock he was down at the pub with one group of friends or another.
John's smile grew and set aside the paper to turn his complete attention to the dark-haired detective. "I told them the day after we came home from the hospital that I was quitting. Didn't even bother giving them two weeks' notice."
"Let's just say you should stay away from Baker Street for a few days," Greg said, chuckling.
John's heart sank. "So you'll miss the party?"
Mycroft growled, "Aren't you a little far from your regular haunts?"
Sherlock: There has been a lot of speculation by myself and other people in the industry, that it was because I "hid" behind a pen name, how young I was when I wrote it, the LGBTQ+ climate at the time and the public's perception of that. But honestly? No one knows for sure.
"Where are you?" Mike asked, his voice heavy with worry.
"John, John Watson," he helpfully supplied.
"Thank you," Sherlock replied with a blush. He glanced John over and then huffed out a giggle at John's apron.
"'This above all: to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.', Hamlet Act 1 Scene 3," Mike quoted.
Greg blinked at him, "Come again."
John opened his mouth, raised his eyebrows, and then furrowed them. "It never occurred to me."
The soldier turned to walk away and the clean, healthy appearance of the man vanished. There was a bandage on his left arm, his head was wrapped in what looked like someone's handkerchief, and his entire right leg was missing. The soldier leaned heavily on a single crutch.
waiting for you notice me." He opened his eyes and clapped his hands together. "Oh, but what fun we'll have."
Divya laughed. "The more, the merrier. I just fixed up some curry, please have some, sit. I'll take your things." She grabbed the luggage from Greg and motioned to Molly to help her.
"Oh, John, Mycroft wouldn't do this for
Oh, hell it's after midnight where I am. So as far as I'm concerned it's Thursday.
But then he had turned down all of his other invites as well, telling them that he already had plans. All of them assuming he was going to be with one group or another, when the truth was that he just didn't want to go anywhere. He just wanted to do Christmas right this year, without all the trappings and glitter.
They got to work fixing up a full fry-up. Divya was the first to come down.
"Nice one!" he called out.
"You make me sound like a schoolgirl with a crush," Sherlock groused.
John looked up from the hob, where he was cooking dinner and smiled. "Hey, beautiful. How was the interview?"
John surveyed his haul and nodded. There was just one thing missing. Games.
Mycroft squeezed his eyes shut and stormed out the house. He slammed the door behind him and drove off into the night, cursing everyone and anyone.
Sherlock: You'll have to figure it out on your own when "The Summer of the Thunderbird" comes out next year.
"I want to do that," Mycroft insisted, gesturing wildly at the radio.
"John!" Sherlock called. John struggled to sit up and Sherlock helped him to an upright position. "Are you all right?"
"I'm sure that's not true, but thank you all the same," he replied.
John nodded and wrote down the notes.
John hugged her around the shoulders with one arm. "I know."
To my beta, who in our long acquaintance has never had so many chapters thrown at her so often. I did the math and I averaged a chapter every four days. And yet she rose to the occasion. Thanks Old Ping Hai!
Mycroft nuzzled Greg's neck. "I like this better."
"We're all invited to the after party?" she had asked last week when he brought it up.
Yay! Another chapter. And considering I wrote a brand new scene for this chapter, I'm amazed it went as fast as it did, to be honest. I've had to arrange things so they make more sense. That is, after all, the benefit of a fully written story over a WIP, I can see the flaws in the overarching plot better and fix them as I type it up.
"Yeah, Clara found three empty bottles of Scotch, two half-empty bottles of rum, and a mostly full bottle of whiskey under their bed."
He came down the stairs, and Sherlock couldn't help but admire his grace. Like watching a deadly snake drawing nearer. Brook reached the bottom of the stairs and drew close to Mrs Hudson's face. "And what have I told you about what to do when I don't hear you?"
Sherlock laughed and hailed a cab.
In the form of chasing him around the bleachers.
Sherlock threw himself back against his chair and folded his arms again. "Except for one very major problem: my brother is an angry, overbearing twat with absolutely no social skills."
John slowly worked Sherlock open, taking his time. They had all night after all, and he didn't want to hurt Sherlock their first time.
"I didn't do anything," Mycroft chuckled.
This time John's outrage was more of a roar than a squeak, "Hey, buddy. There will be no ploughing."
"Oh really?" John asked, leaning forward. "Must have been quite the tale. Go on, wordsmith. You want to tell me, and I intend to be your captive audience." He moved his queen.
Anderson frowned. "Hey!" the cameraman hollered, stepping forward and starting to put his camera down.
They got to work and even finished up a little early.
"Hey," he greeted cheerfully.
Sherlock huffed, "This is hateful." London passed by the windows, lights of the city flashing patterns on their faces as the cab made its way back to Baker Street.
Mike sighed, "'The course of true love never did run smooth'."
Without Mycroft noticing, during the first verse, his teammates moved off the pitch to make way for the marching band. As the chorus came in, so did the band and the music over the loudspeakers faded away.
"Oh come on, Watson, you just need to add a bit more glitter and he's practically a faerie."
John looked expectedly at Sherlock to introduce his friends. Sherlock coughed. "This is Victor, Molly, Janine, and Greg," he said, pointing to each of them in turn.
Greg studiously ignored him and continued to sip his bourbon, pretending to focus on the music blaring all around them.
Sherlock cast his eyes over the room. He spotted "Griffin's Steps" on John's side table. "I didn't realize that you still had it." He picked it up to look at it.
"You did this. Not me." He threw the last of his things into the bag. He spotted Sherlock's scarf on the floor and picked it up. "You know, I've been seeing the signs all weekend. But I kept thinking it was all one-sided. Plus all that bullshit with you being so awful to Sherlock. It was there in front of me the whole time." He shoved the scarf in his pocket.
"Let's get this session over with, I have a date with a sexy beast tonight," John said, stepping back.
Mycroft tried to shake him off again, "I just need to lie down."
John gently removed one of his hands so that he could take Sherlock's pulse. "Who's Mary?"
"Nope!" John said, popping 'P'. "Sherlock Holmes thinks I'm good looking."
John threw a pillow at Mycroft, who had to duck to avoid the fluffy projectile. The publisher stood back up and glared at John, who winked.
"You'll be fine, John," Bill soothed. "Just limit the alcohol and eat in small bites. Deep breaths and stand straight. You've got this."
There was silence on the end for a moment and Sherlock dared to hope that his brother had hung up. But no luck.
"What happened to that detective gig you have on the side?" Dillon asked.
Greg took it gratefully and downed it in one go. "Another," he croaked.
"I have been investing it for you for years. You now have something closer to around four million."
double digits either. And he would feel better.
They stopped, laughing breathlessly. Suddenly Sherlock could feel how close John was and John must have sensed it, too. John's breath caught and Sherlock's breath mingled with his, they were so close.
But one look at Sherlock and the bag fell to the floor. John rushed to Sherlock's side. He felt the burn of the carpet as he skidded on his knees in front of his best friend.
Sherlock blushed and decided to deflect the attention from himself. "I don't see Thingy, what's her name?"
Sherlock frowned, "Alcoholism and drug addiction are two different beasts, how could you possibly tell?"
Sebastian and Jim shared a glance.
John smiled, "Sure, lead on, MacDuff!"
"Oh." John blinked. "In case you need to use the loo."
John took in the exquisite sight of his boyfriend's long, lean form as Sherlock joined him in the tub. The dancer was gentle as he washed John's body and then his hair. John was enveloped in the love and affection that was pouring out of Sherlock as he washed away John's disappointment, stress and weariness, leaving the rugby player in a state that was pure bliss.
Marrow laughed. "Can't even remember your own daring-do. That bullet must have messed you up good."
"Stop it!" Mrs Hudson protested. "You make it sound like I'm days away from folding."
John huffed out a laugh. "He certainly is a force of nature, both on and off the field. Christ!"
John nodded and went in carrying all of their luggage and the skis.
Tobias laughed. "You will."
Stella looked up at Molly and cooed, "Ooh, you're very pretty."
"Mummy? Who's Mummy?" John asked, confused.
Barbara looked as though she was going to kiss John right there on the rug. "That would really make things easier for everyone, if you could."
Sherlock looked up at him, tears streaming down his face. "But not like you."
“What? Come in smiling like a bloody loon?” Greg asked.
"Yes, but not for a long time, so..." Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and John laughed.
John kept glancing at his phone, not wanting to be late for his first reading. He jumped when a hand clapped his good shoulder. He whirled around and saw Bill Murray standing there with the biggest grin on his face.
John pulled Sherlock closer to him, "I know you were, darling, I also know that you're clean."
lost."
A slow, small smile enveloped John's face. "Wherever you need me to be."
"He wasn't even allowed to smile or laugh. He wasn't grieving for his mother like he was supposed to. My father never blamed me, nor was it ever my fault, but I learned to keep my own face blank, and taught Sherlock to do the same."
Sherlock nearly squeaked. "John!" He grabbed Sally by the arm and thrust her between them.
"Urgh! I did not need that image," Sherlock growled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mummy began rubbing her temples. She turned around with a smile on her face, "All right, new rule."
Mummy was in the sitting room watching some weight loss ad that she knew was fake but she still couldn't look away, when Sherlock came down the stairs in grey dress trousers, matching tie, and a blue velvet suit coat with a white button-up and pocket square.
"And you don't?" came the surprised question.
"Alrighty, Capt Holmes," John said mimicking a pirate accent. "If Imma gonna go get the booty, Imma need a map." He handed the papers and pen to the other man.
Greg closed his eyes and rolled his head away from Mycroft's lips. He opened his eyes, "Another time."
"John..." Sherlock had a million questions, but they had to wait. John was clearly in a lot of pain. He opened his mouth to ask further about how hurt he was, when he realized John was unbuttoning his shirt and Sherlock's brain went off line.
"Enculer" (according to the French swear word site I found) is like "Putain" or fuck, but a more commonly used term. It's like the formal vous and the informal tu. Enculer is more informal and something that Greg would be more likely to use.
What could he possibly do that would accomplish that?
Sherlock chuckled. "Just how many off-shore accounts
. Mike hurried away from the ladies and sidled up to John.
"Considering that Victor was a basement dweller, it doesn't take much to be several stories up," Sherlock scoffed.
"Yeah, I know," Mike sighed. "Come on, let's get that little present out of my bag and into yours. The last thing either of us need is Divya actually finding it and getting us
"He gets it from me."
John snorted. "Not my final destination, I hope."
That said, I had my beta help me edit this on Wednesday but because of a little snarl in the story it took a while to get it whipped into shape. But here it is, can anyone spot where I stopped for a few weeks before starting back up again? ;)
John scratched the back of his neck sheepishly. "I tried to convince him to call you, or barring that, wait a couple more days." He looked over at Sherlock fondly. "A bit bullheaded that one."
John thought about it for a moment and then nodded.
Mike raised one shoulder in a half shrug, "If I say 'hi' to you in the halls..."
Hey look it's Saturday...*mumbles about it being several weeks late* but it's still Saturday. Now in my defense I would have had this up sooner but my laptop reset in the middle of me typing it up and one of the updates had turned off the auto-save I thought I had on. So guess who lost half a chapter and spent weeks moaning over what was the most beautiful piece of writing I'd ever done? You guessed it, me.
"I thought only big name authors did that sort of thing?" John felt his panic rise.
Sherlock's face softened. "It's fantastic."
Brook looked over at the driver and then winked. "I knew I would catch your attention eventually. It was only a matter of time."
"Hey, what's up?" John greeted.
"I told you I'd make you regret what you did to me, Sarah," Mike sneered. "It shouldn't matter where someone gets their clothes. Buying at a high-end store doesn't make someone a better doctor. Compassion does."
Sherlock dropped the note so that he could touch. Oh, the touch. It was better than anything he could have dreamed up. He wrapped himself around the man who had shown him what it meant to be human.
(See the end of the chapter for
4- Curses!- Beauty and the Beast AU- in a world of shapeshifters and magic users, there are witches that go around cursing indiscriminately and there are Curse Breakers and Curse Finders who go around trying to undo the damage they cause. John and Mary have been a Breaker/Finder duo for years, but all that changes when they are sent to break the curse of Sherlock, a young boy, now a man turned into a beast. And time is running out.
Sebastian refused to look in his direction. "And then you became obsessed with Sherlock and Shercroft Publishing. I did everything I could to stop you, but soon it was beyond my control." He finally looked Jim square in the eye. "You ruined us. We are ruined."
Greg looked between them and then turned to Mike, "Why?"
"Hey, I just got the latest Jaguar, and wondered if you lovelies would like a ride after school," Bertie suggested. "It's a convertible."
The Clockmaker's Assistant'
Molly laughed. "Because you would have never made it out the door and to the chapel."
Sherlock gulped. "That..that won't be enough. We are several months behind on all our bills, with everything we could scrape up going to rent or food."
"David?" John asked, "Who's David?"
And Sherlock watched the watcher.
"Am I interrupting something?" John asked tentatively.
"Sorry, sir," she replied. "I wasn't really paying attention to what Holmes was saying, did he say something wrong?"
Bertie and Mike shook hands and sealed the deal.
It was almost noon by the time they had finally finished their Christmas brunch.
Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty were already on their side of the table in M&M Prints' fancy conference room. They both rose to meet Sherlock when he walked in, and they all shook hands.
Things were going well until Sherlock accidentally deduced Molly's attraction to him in front of everyone.
John picked up speed as he and Sherlock dashed through traffic.
"No, I couldn't have, it would have barely covered my arse," Sherlock groused, pouring himself a cup of coffee that had been brewing since John woke up. "Why are you so short?"
Sherlock nodded.
Divya laughed. "Nah, he just makes really good coffee."
"It's a good book," John replied, frowning.
"Heavenly," John observed when they came up for air.
"Oh," John said, stunned.
John chuckled, "And for that I'm incredibly proud."
"Not unless you want to be betting with lollies and Mars bars," Sherlock replied.
She was trying to focus on getting some kind of clue from Sherlock and the owner. By the time they worked their way around the building to the kitchen, she was a sobbing wreck.
John smiled. "Oh, I doubt I broke it. I'm a doctor. I know how to break bones. Trust me."
Langdale Pike just waved him off. "Do get in the car, Vicky," he said, as a dark sedan pulled up to the kerb. The passenger-side door opened to reveal Mycroft.
"Ah ha!" John cried, finding the games at last. He grabbed a couple of his old school favorites and a pack of cards (first double-checking they weren't for pinochle or something like that) to take back to Sherlock.
Handing him a yellow piece of paper and she said, "That's your schedule, now fuck off."
John looked around at the dining hall of Angelo's, a little stunned. "I can't believe you were able to get us a table so quickly. When I suggested it, I thought for sure it would be our one-year anniversary before they could fit us in," he said with a laugh.
John blinked a couple of times, trying to make everything Greg just said compute in his brain.
Mike rounded the corner and was greeted by a waiting John, who had one of the fliers clutched in his fists.
"So I've got this sock ad this weekend and then next week is the hemorrhoid cream ad," Bertie was explaining to Sherlock, his arm still around the younger teen's shoulders as they walked through the crowd of teenagers. "Now, the sock ad is a good start, but I really feel like the commercial for the cream is going to be my ticket."
However, by lunch John was over there and changing it to the way Sherlock had suggested, because people kept picking up the second book first and John would have to tell them about the first one.
"Are you all right?" Mycroft asked.
Sherlock watched as John's shoulders squared. He had seen that pose often enough to know that his friend was well and truly upset.
John blushed. "I really haven't grown much, so it should."
Greg went ashen, "Uh no. If you lie down, you'll fall asleep."
Sherlock's heart that was already beating fast, picked up. Its rhythm beating hard against his chest. Worse, there was no way John wouldn't notice, his hand where it was.
They were about to turn and go up the stairs when John stopped in his tracks. There in the middle of the hall was a blonde woman in a wedding dress. But that wasn't what made he stop. No, it was the fact that she was pointing a Beretta 92S at Sherlock, her finger on the trigger.
Sherlock looked at him a moment and then pulled it out. He unlocked the screen and handed it to John.
"What?"
"I wish I could find the right words," Sherlock lamented. That brought John up short.
"It'll do," Mycroft agreed. "I thought you would insist on the motorcycle. And then I thought you'd insist that you drive."
John got dressed in his own things and grabbed his phone and the bag that he had brought with him. He stood by Sherlock on the helipad watching the helicopter land.
John let out a sound of discovery as he found them. "Right, I'm going to go grab the things you're letting me borrow–"
"I said you were ready to go home, I didn't say you could do so of your own volition." Sherlock glared at him. "Look, Sherlock, you've fainted. You haven't got your strength back yet."
Once John had got off the train, he looked around the station, scanning the crowd for whoever Mr Holmes sent to pick him up. Whatever he was expecting, it certainly wasn't the lovely woman with dark eyes and brown hair wearing a smart trouser suit.
"This way!" Sherlock hissed as he slipped into a blind alleyway, John, hot on his heels. They stormed up a couple flights of emergency escape staircases and onto the rooftop. Sherlock deftly leapt over the edge to the nearby building's rooftop.
"I can tap that," Bertie claimed.
Cathy wanted to seethe in rage, but John only shone with sheer happiness.
"How's the toes?" the doctor asked as he brushed his hand across this boyfriend's shoulders on his way to the fridge.
"It means, Irene," Sherlock said, leaning on his elbows, forearms stretched out in front of him, "that I went out to lunch with a friend and had such a good time that I lost track of time."
"Oh John..." Mrs Hudson murmured. "Was Sherlock there?"
"Not the sparring. Takes way too much makeup to cover any bruises and scrapes that I would get in the ring, but I keep up with exercises."
And these were just the major fires he had to put out, there were many minor flare-ups that he had to deal with on top of his own work. He hadn't had time to breathe, and sleep was a distant memory; these days he lived on caffeine and nicotine patches.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Yeah, but without my brother going, I'll be stuck at home."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "That would be tremendously ambitious of you."
"Besides," Sherlock continued, "I'm pretty sure that even if he did, they wouldn't be made out of silk and lace."
Sherlock: In this book, no. In future books, you'll just have to wait and see.
Hello, darlings! As promised a second chapter within a week.
Sherlock coughed discreetly. "I believe Mycroft keeps the games in his study."
"That's seven digits, John," Greg said, overstating the obvious.
"Pirates," John said with a grin. "I should have known. One of my favorites, too."
Sherlock went to the closet and pulled out the outfit. He looked at it and then nodded. Mycroft was right, the bastard. The outfit was perfect. He looked at his watch and cursed. He was going to be late. He threw on an old band t-shirt and pair of jeans. He hastily pulled on his favorite boots and ran out the door, bag in hand.
"I know. Just need something outside this-" he waved vaguely Sherlock's direction.
Greg stuck out his hand, "We have a deal," he reluctantly agreed.
She laughed.
"HarperCollins, Bloomsbury, Penguin Random, Scholastic, Hyperion...are they are sinking ships, too?" Sherlock asked derisively.
"I knew why, Sherlock, it's because you love him and would do whatever it took to make him happy."
John stumbled into the office and closed the door behind him. "But I thought your surname was Holmes..."
"What's the difference?"
"John?" James called out softly.
"Good thing the chances of us seeing him again are pretty slim," John said, fighting back tears of laughter.
They had exchanged numbers and John had spent the whole week continually surprising Sherlock. So here he was trying to find an outfit that would further impress the rugby player. He had tried on several shirts, trousers, leggings, shorts, and finally struck on a combination that he was satisfied with.
They spoke for several minutes before Molly finally cottoned on. Sherlock and Mike seemed to not give off any social cues. Not with their tone, their posture, or facial expressions. At best she could describe them as pleasant, but bland. It was unnerving.
"You're not going to telling me where you're taking me, are you?" John asked after a moment of silence.
"Other than the opening placard and his ending narration, is the full title
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'll have someone send for your things," Mycroft said softly. "You won't have to go back if you don't want to."
Mycroft pushed his shoulder again. "So how much of the 'bad boy persona' is real?"
Mycroft looked up helplessly, "I guess I thought I was protecting you."
Sherlock stared at the phone in shock. John wanted
"Yeah," John sighed. "What did he do this time?"
She leaned back with tears in her eyes. "I thought you liked me."
"You were waiting for me to tell you outright that there weren't any ghosts, weren't you? Because if I had been able to speak to the dead, I would have immediately picked up on that, wouldn't I?"
"Greg!" he snapped back.
"You know," Sherlock said from the doorway, "it's a good thing Mummy is at a fundraiser this morning and can't see you with the worst hangover ever."
Sherlock:
Sherlock sighed. "It's not a slight against you as a person, but as a writer. Don't be afraid to give him flaws. Like drinking, or bad at cards, or even a temper."
"He'll come around eventually."
"Just don't tell Mary," he replied with a wink.
John pulled out his phone and found a picture of the publicist. He showed it to James.
"And I'm sure Mrs Hudson would like her employee back as well," Sherlock said with a grin.
"Stay," came John's last command and the animal huffed, but did as he was told.
"It just rubbed me the wrong way, you know? How can this guy just
"I know you got it from Brandon's shop," Sherlock admitted.
Mycroft just smiled tightly. "There is one thing you need to know. You are only allowed to take out a thousand pounds per thirty days."
John turned around and hunted for a light switch. He found one and flipped it. When he turned around he wished he could turn it back off. Mycroft was blinking owlishly at him, dark circles around bloodshot eyes. The man's face was gaunt and pale, and John wanted to get him immediately to a hospital.
Sherlock: Damn! That's what he said, too.
Hell was too kind a word for John's life. He didn't know what was worse than hell, but it had to be this. Sherlock wasn't the most tactile person John had ever met, but now completely bereft of any and all touches from the detective, apparently they had been far more frequent than he realized.
Mike continued undaunted. "Actually, I have a proposition for you."
"There," Sherlock said, "that should deal with the troll." He kissed Mrs Hudson on the cheek. "Look, I have to go. But I'll let you know if I find anything out."
Mike turned to face him, "How?"
A week later Sherlock swanned into Molly's lab at St. Bart's. The pathologist looked up at him and smiled.
Sherlock's mind came to a halt. Next time. That sounded wonderful and he kissed John deeply.
"Don't go fishing for compliments," Sherlock growled. "It's unbecoming."
"I'm guessing they were hers and not his?" John muttered. He stared at the board in frustration. He took one of Sherlock's pieces and in the next move John's king was placed in check.
In the car already was a plump man with wire-framed glasses who chuckled, "How many more people are you going to piss off today?" he asked.
"Why?" Sherlock pressed.
John nodded.
"Hello, Bertie," Sherlock said, lifting his chin.
Hey...how's it hanging? Wow, so the holidays, depression, AND this stupid chapter was kicking my ass.
"I'm sorry," John said.
John shook his head. "I figured you'd get there eventually. I, uh...got the impression from other people you weren't the sort to normally
Mike rolled his eyes. "We have Richard Brook. Or at least that's his name this time round."
John sighed. "Right. You're right." He squared his shoulders and pulled out forty quid. "Let's go have a good time and I'll talk to Sherlock about it when I get home."
Sherlock went to top off his drink in the kitchen. He was grateful that it was empty of guests as he filled his drink and downed it in one go. He slammed it on the counter, gripping the glass tightly.
"You think very highly of yourself," Mycroft huffed.
Sherlock's laugh was far more genuine this time. "I have both books fully written and edited on a thumb drive in a picture frame in my office. And if I ever get the itch to try writing again, I look at it or if I'm away from home I just go to any book review site and read the reviews for 'Griffin's Steps'."
"Hello, brother mine," Mycroft replied warmly. "You must have made quite the impression on John Watson."
"Shouldn't you still be in bed?" Mycroft asked.
“Look at your face, Sherlock,” Greg said. He turned off the phone and pointed the inky black surface toward the dancer. Sherlock took it and frowned into the glass. But just then another message came in from John and his face lit up.
"If you ever decide to come see one of our home games, just give me a call and I'll get you as many seats as you need," John said, scribbling his number on the back of a business card that had John's manager's number on the front for endorsement deals and the like.
"You won this round, Sherlock," he said, clicking the last syllable with a hard 'K'. He strolled out the door.
Mike shook his head, "There are no other cabins for miles. But I made sure the cabin was well stocked with emergency gear and food."
"It wasn't because you were late, was it?" John asked, concerned.
It always bothered me that Bianca and Cameron go from kissing in the car to her being pissed at him that he hadn't asked her to prom yet. But there were no scenes in between that indicated that they had even talked since the kiss, so I bridged the gap.
I hate your big dumb combat boots–"
Mycroft opened his mouth again, this time to protest, but Mummy held up her hand.
Mycroft sat on the front porch, writing in a notebook and chewing haphazardly on the biro cap. He scratched out the most recent line and went back to chewing on the cap.
"Sherlock!" he cried, grabbing the slim shoulders and forcing Sherlock to look him in the eye. "Are you all right?"
"Sherlock!" John and Mycroft said together.
"If you mean physically? Yes, he'll be fine," Mycroft said, tapping the arm of the chair. "But my brother has just learned that the voices that he's been hearing his whole life aren't as much from psychosis as they are from being psychic."
Mycroft blinked. "Oh."
"Not as such," Mycroft hedged. "I mean, she knows that we went out and then broke up but not why. She would go postal."
But the fact that Sherlock still took him to crime scenes kept the candle of hope burning far brighter than it had any right to.
Molly was relieved to be given something to do and hoped that their guests didn't see her blush. It was going to be a long weekend.
John blinked. "But doesn't that make it more...I don't know, wordy?"
Mycroft hurried out his car and wasn't surprised to see Greg waiting for him. The other teen was leaning against the driver's side door, arms folded across his chest and ankles crossed.
John sighed. "I know, I'm not worried that you'll step out on me or whatever. It's Emilia and Richard and...you know what forget it."
"I think that's sexy," Greg said, wagging his eyebrows suggestively.
"Of course, love," John choked out.
The kiss was like fireworks, and they broke apart to the cheers of the crowd.
Just the two of them against the world. Like their ancestors of old, like it was meant to be. Lost souls no more.
He had a job to do and worrying about her mood was not it. But as the day went on, it became increasingly his problem as she abused books, the cash box, and customers alike. John pulled her aside after the third patron complained.
Mike pounded on on John's shoulder, "What we need is a sponsor. Someone who is stupid and rich. Someone we can trick into paying Greg for us."
He called up Jim, who immediately started with the fact that Bertie had lost their bet because Sherlock was there at prom with someone else.
Enjoy!
John knocked on Sherlock's bedroom door. There was a highly disgruntled sound that came from the other side that John decided to take as permission to come in. He pushed open the door and slipped in quietly, closing the door behind him.
So my partner keeps telling me. And yes, it is set for four books. When I wrote "Griffin's Steps" it was originally meant to be a trilogy, but when I expanded the story, it became clear that it wouldn't fit into three books.
"Right," Mike began, "so we are looking for a bloke who will date Mycroft Holmes."
"Hello, Mummy," he said sweetly.
"I'll be fine," Sherlock impressed upon him for the tenth time since they left their home.
He decided that Sherlock was being a twat and left it the way he had it. He had other things to do, he didn't have time to rearrange things just because some posh wanker said so.
"Not this time," Sherlock said, shaking his head. "No, it was my father. Everyone underestimates him, but he can be quite formidable. He flew down there and in three days found out where Victor was staying. He went and tore into Victor, gave him a proper dressing down. Victor called a couple days later to apologize and even offered to fly me down there to him."
"Yes, and all my dealings with your company will be with you only and
Greg shook his head, "Christ, Sherlock. If there is anyone who would have a crazed fan, it'd be you." He ran his hands over his face as Mycroft rubbed his hand in circles on Greg's back, where they sat together on the sofa.
And the fact that you don't call.
Divya was Mike's long-term girlfriend and would love a ring on her left hand from Mike. He bit back the fear and anxiety and placed his trust in Mike. He knew Stamford had never let him down and now was not the time to start doubting the friend who got him through advanced chemistry.
They had been able to catch the last printing error in time, which was merely the third book in a trilogy being printed with the second book's cover. That was caught before being mailed out, this was worse.
Sherlock nodded, his eyes still downcast.
Sherlock:
John rolled his eyes. "Well, if someone had thought to tell me where the games were, it might have not taken so long."
–" Greg started to dance with the song and Mycroft laughed harder.
The doctor moaned. "And what a loss that would have been."
Molly opened her mouth to answer, but closed it sharply. She had seen the show, of course. A lot of the people were left humiliated. She took a deep breath. Her father always said, nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Gwyn leaned forward on his elbows and watched eagerly as John walked up to the door and knocked.
"What about your mum?" Mike asked.
"You are damn good, Lestrade," he wheezed. "You really should being playing."
"This is fine," Sherlock said, "I usually don't have much for breakfast."
"My ex," Sherlock said, frowning. "May I see the conversation?" He held out his hand for John's phone.
how he wanted to end his night.
Sherlock closed his eyes. "I really don't want to get into it today. I'll talk to you later, all right?"
"Um, Mrs Holmes," Sally began, "that looked like Mycroft on his way to the party..."
"I don't know anything about rugby!" Sherlock protested.
Of course, he wasn't about to light one up here. He was a rebel, not a mass animal killer. One stray spark from his cig and the whole stable could go up in flames. And then he
John threw open the door and stared at a startled Sherlock like he was the most wonderful thing in the world.
He turned to Mary, his face a mask of pure fury. "I told you that we should have stopped at that last petrol station, but no, you wanted to press on. You said it was the weather, but you just didn't want David beating us there, did you?"
of my weird job," Divya said with a laugh.
John looked behind him, remembering. "When Mycroft said..." he took a deep breath. "I am an idiot. Come with me."
John nodded and then stood up. "You'll excuse me. They probably want to go over a few things with me about Sherlock." He followed the nurse, pointedly ignoring the smiles from Greg and Mycroft.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm sorry." Sherlock blushed. "I never meant to. Damn this transport!" He hit the side of the mattress causing the most unangry-like sound in the history of mankind, a mild foof.
