“I made an agreement with Raphael. I will be meeting them at a specific location in an hour's time.”
What happened next was… odd.
Bobby. Fuck,
Sam felt everything, all the things around and in him. He could feel each individual atom in the air, the blades of grass outside, the movement of the Earth under his feet and the pull of gravity that carried it around the Sun. Information crashing into his brain, jumbled up and disorienting.
this chapter is a bit faster pace than i normally write, i tend to draw the hell out of things so this was an interesting and challenging thing to do. I wanted to keep the feelings fresh and not ring it out like someone trying to get every drop out a wet towel.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Eh-eh-eh! No. You sit and stay for a minute.” Dean hissed as he started the car and drove off. It wasn't until they were well out of town that Dean broke the tense silence.
Cas was stunned quiet, looking at Dean with wide, wild eyes.
“Dean, i must-”
“The memories of the night he died.” Cas said, stepping around a few orbs that hovered lazily around knee height. Dean didn’t touch anything, not liking the slimy feeling most of the memories gave. Most of the orbs glowed with a light green light, but some oozed a sickly yellow or burnt burgundy. If he focused hard enough, he could see faint images run along their surfaces.
After a considerable amount of physical therapy and medication, of course. He would still be destined for the wheelchair for a few months until the damage was fixed.
“Answer Dean’s question.” Cas all but hissed out. Gaanwill gave Castiel a long look before tilting their head to the side and slightly up, as if gazing across the distance. Their eyes became glazed for a moment before clearing once again.
“How’d you talk to him? He wasn’t even here!”
Fucking
It was four months of Sam being gone that something big happened.
Dean was quiet for a moment, thinking hard.
The burn within Sam slithers down his legs, filling flesh and bone and batting away Zachariah's Grace like a human would an annoying nat.
“What’s wrong, Feathers? Can’t get it up?” Dean snipps with a feral grin. “You know they have pills for tha-” He was cut off as Zachariah turned his Grace on him and brought him to his knees, coughing up globs of blood. He surged towards Sam, his hand gripped tightly around Sam’s neck, pinning him to the wall of the storage unit.
But from there you will seek the Lord your God and you will find him, if you search after him with all your heart and with all your soul.
Summary: Sam Seeks Revelation
Gannwill nodded, moving forward a step with their arm extended. Castiel clasped hands with them, light flickering in both of their vessels' eyes. They were still for a long moment before Castel spoke, a single “Agreed” before pulling back.
, too. Sam spent the whole time breathing deep, shoving down his anger and panic into the deepest part of him he could. Slowly, the burn receded until it was just a soft, barely-there feeling in his chest.
“So, where are we going?”
The trenchcoated angel nodded before addressing Gannwill, “I state the full terms of the oath before agreement.”
“Fuck that! That's all kinds of shady. How do we know you won't just toss Cas into a cell once he gets there?” Gaanwil didn’t even look his way and gave no indication that they heard him other than a slight twitch in their eye.
Castiel headed towards the door, Dean hot on his heels.
He just wants Dean to be fixed, to be happy. He made the biggest blunder, he had chosen a demon over his own brother and freed the Devil from his cage. And his actions already had disastrous consequences. Cas was dead, Bobby was stabbed and Dean was lying in surgery, getting his fuckin throat stitched back together because some wigged dick decided to rip it open because Dean was being cheeky.
The burn, the burn was back.
He chanted it over and over, louder and louder until Sam was sure his brain would melt out of his head through his ears.
His heart hammering in his body, a burn of anger and anxiety pulled at his chest, like hands pushing out against his ribs, reaching for the prophet.
“The human is there.”
Dean is the Michael Sword. The true vessel of Michael.
“Do… Do you think that whatever juice that Sam’s got, that maybe It's hiding him?” Castiel’s eyebrows furrowed.
“Yeah? Where’d the old man turn up this time?”
oh boy, another out.
It was rough without Sam watching his back, and it made Dean all the more eager to get him back.
The angels showing up was a welcome distraction. Or, it would have been., had the burn not started reaching for
She kicked him in the nuts and taunted him about his demon powers. He got beat up some more and then, after Dean ganked the other demon, she fled. Oozing out of her meat suit like a genie in a bottle. They stared for a second at the dead body before there was a rush of movement.
“So like with witnesses, the more time passed the less reliable their testimony.”
“Raphael,” the seraph returned. The Archangel gave him a long look before indicating to the area behind him.
“What can I do?” he whispered, his throat tight and his chest aching.
“Whoa! Cas, what the hell happened?”
The last nail in the coffin was when Dean told him that he didn’t trust him anymore.
After that, he forgot about it for a awhile. Between trying to talk to Dean about what happened and getting rebuffed, then
to say those things, to tell Sam to get out of his life and never come back. He had
“The memory was foggy but I was able to see enough. Father’s grace was more damaged at that point than when I had seen Him. Granted, this event was before my resurrection, so it appears He is healing Himself. But It looks to be at a rate far slower than He should be capable of. I doubt He would intentionally remain injured, something is ailing Him.” Castiel looked disturbed, as did the other angels in the room.
Dean expected to see a man tied to a chair or up against the wall. What he hadn’t expected to see was a dimly lit room with glowing orbs floating everywhere and at every height, with no other person within.
“Memories can disintegrate?”
Castiel hummed. “While in a vessel, memories are clusters of synapses within the brain, made by nerve cells clustering together when an electric reaction occurs. Every time you remember a memory, the clusters change, new pathways form in the brain or they are destroyed. This is why many humans cannot remember their early years or remember something completely different than another who experienced the same event.”
Dean’s eyebrows furrowed, “Okay? So he pop in and out, bake a cake, what?” he said slowly. It was Castiel’s turn to furrow his eyebrows.
A wisp of Darkness cradled the two fragments of Creation and Destruction, power drained and will to continue gone. With the last bit Amara had left, she pushed the two fragments along the strings and into the the new anchor universe.
It was a large, suspiciously clean box or shed. It sat in the middle of the room and held one door onto its side. Two angels stood on each side of it, their backs facing the box.
Please check out the awesome cover art i got for this story! its on the prologue.
Dean was still confused, and a little creeped out. He was standing
“Think Cas, Sam stumbles upon some of God’s Grace, gets juiced up. Maybe he’s had it for a while now and the demon blood was keeping it down.” The angel made a quiet, offended noise.
He had hurt Dean, the one he had sought vengeance for, the one he had fought and defended. The first one he had thought about when that first bit of demon blood crossed his lips and the last one he thought about when he stood over Lilith’s empty shell. He’d do anything, give anything, for him. And he had
“The Healer knew you would think that, which is why he gave me permission to disclose his reasonings for speaking with you.”
. It was a violation, one that Sam found himself disgusted and enraged by. It was renegade to the foundation of angelic principals. Without consent, they were as good as demons.
“The hell..” Dean muttered, looking between the two. The darker skinned angel stepped back into the formation behind them right before the group disappeared.
“What the hell just happened?” the hunter groused. Castiel turned to him.
He made it back just in time to see Bobby on the floor and get slammed in the face by a phone.
I thrive off comments
They got him to the ER, but they couldn’t stay no matter how much they wanted to. They had to get to the sword before the demons. So they get there, the demons are dead, but the angels are there.
God, what had he done? He just wanted to fix everything so bad; he wanted Dean to be fixed, he wanted Bobby healthy and whole again, he wanted Castiel back, he wanted
He sat Dean down against the Impala and checked him over for what Zachariah had done. Dean grumbled and groaned, batting away Sam’s hands and muttering something along the line of ‘mother hen.’
“If these are his memories, then where is he?”
Sam feels the burn
“Impossible, no demonic substance can withhold the power of God.”
” Dean practically screeched. The angel let out a startled “What?” as he looked at the crazed human driving next to him.
She cradled and nurtured the wisp for ages, urging it to grow and
“You cannot do anything, I must find a way to sneak back into Heaven to interrogate them.”
Or was dead…
“Well that’s stupid! You should have seen that. Sam was there, Cas!”
“Mr Price? Brother to Dean Price?” the doctor asks and Sam nods. The doctor tells him that Dean’s got an Esophageal rupture and needs surgery pronto. He goes along, filling out the information needed, the (fake) social and card numbers, etc. Dean is rushed into surgery and Sam is left waiting for even longer. Anxiety turns in his stomach, burning in his chest and constricting around his lungs. His breath comes out in short, painful pants and he has a headache that would rival the day after his worst benders.
Everything happened in the span of a second, the feeling suspended in the infinite space between the ticks of the clock.
Cas’s eyes narrowed, his grip shifting on the blade, recognizing Gaanwil, a seraph.
Dean was in another motel, tracking down some ghost, when Cas burst in. The angel looked ruffled, his eyes wide and practically rolling in their sockets, his clothes in disarray and hair windswept. Dean was immediately on his feet.
Sam was certain that Dean was yelling his name, but he couldn’t hear it over the ringing of Lucifer’s voice, a voice he could
So she grasped and she pulled, pouring every ounce and inch of her power along the strings left of Creation and anchoring them once again, to a universe similar, but different to the first. Her power dug through the mesh of its creation, darkness sinking into the fabric and locking the strings into place. With a new anchor in place, the other universes were safe for now. It would buy time for someone to fix them.
The doctor came back not long later, looking rumpled and more than a little disbelieving. They told him that Dean was fine, wrong diagnosis. Only a roughed up throat, they said.
The words stabbed out and hit along the hairline fractures inside him, shattering and splintering him to pieces. He understood where Dean was coming from, he really did. Sam fucked up, majorly. He tossed his brother aside like trash and went out on his own like he could face down the world and come out on top.
And it freaked him the fuck out.
Before Asshole-With-Wings could say anything, there was a bright flash of light, and the hand disappeared from his throat. Sam blinked away the dark spots from his vision and looked down to see Dean holding his hand against the angel banishing symbol. The symbol which he, apparently, drew with the blood he had been coughing up.
Puzzle pieces were slowly slotting into place in his head.
“Father has been sited once more,” Cas said in a rush. Dean was kind of freaked out. This was the most emotion he had ever seen in the angel and it was really weird.
The angel frowns at him and tries again, with the same results.
(See the end of the chapter for
The Darkness, Amara, was alone. There was nothing left of her brother’s creation. Not a speck of dust or flicker of light. No souls in heaven, for there was no more heaven. Or Hell. Or Purgatory. There was nothing but her and The Empty.
Losing her brother once was unbearable, losing him a second time was
Bobby would walk again.
Raphael stood outside the door, looking expectant. One eyebrow arched in question.
“These are memories,” Castiel informed him, after Dean had expressed his confusion. “Each orb is an experience, a snippet of his life from his perspective.”
He was shaken, to the core, at what he had seen. How was this possible? How did he even get it? Where did he even get it?
Dean snorted, “I mean, what happened?” Castiel’s face smoothed back into its normal stern look.
The church shook around them, pieces of rock and plaster falling from the ceiling. Cracks webbed through the pillars as the Grace of Lucifer poured out of the opening to the cage, shaking the building at he screeched in victory. Freedom.
“Raphael has agreed to swear an oath upon his Grace as insurance.” This seemed to relax Castiel, but Dean was confused.
It took a few more minutes, Castiel describing the damage differences between the Grace in the memory and the Grace he had seen. In the end, Raphael looked unhappy, and Dean didn’t know if it was because of the smaller amount of information or the state his Dad was in. He didn’t ask.
“Then we need to find him!” Dean proclaimed loudly. He jabbed a finger into Cas’s chest, not taking his eyes off the road. “But just to two of us. I ain't letting the halo crew get their hands on Sam just to juice him like a lemon for Grace.”
Amara’s grief was immense, not only for her brother (though he was the majority), but for his creations as well. The Host, and His favored children: humanity. She thought hard over all them, recalling what she had seen and experienced in her short time among them. Hindsite gave her a new perspective, and she could, begrudgingly, see why he loved his creations.
Using her power she reached out, hands dipping through time and space to Moment it all ended, the hairsbreadth before the end. And in that Moment she grasped the two things she was looking for and pulled them through.
Castiel paused from looking around and turned his head towards Dean. “He is here. James McClellan is a soul without a vessel. Angels can take a soul on Earth and bind it to a temporary vessel for a short time. Normally this is not needed, we can view the soul and their memories within the confines of heaven without stress. But since the oath prevents me from reentering Heaven for the interrogation, this made do.”
“Yes,” he replied, gently. He reached out his arms, hands hovering over Dean’s elbows wrapped around himself, not touching. “…Can I?”
But now, she looked ready to kill.
Dean’s teary eyes looked up and locked with his.
There was a pause from behind the door before he heard Dean’s shaky intake of breath before he spoke quietly. He sounded… defeated.
Dean nodded against the pillows, trying to push his ass back to meet him before Cas pulled away gently. Cas kissed at the back of his head, running a hand down his arm to grasp one of his hands.
troubled, the way he clung tight to Cas as they fucked and kissed him desperately, meant that they could stay like this once Dean’s heat was over. That they’d be together.
Castiel had never considered himself a particularly unstable man. Unbearably socially awkward, terrible with people, and prone to bouts of neurosis and obsession, he was always capable of functioning fully, if not always successfully. He loved his friends, his family, and many of the aspects of his life. He’d never gained experience with strong, overbearing negative emotions, not like Dean had. Enormous, unfathomable feelings had largely been reserved for love… or lust, in the past few days.
“Cas, if you’re leaving just
“Dean?” he called through the door, resting his hands on it but afraid to turn the handle. “Dean please talk to me, please tell me what’s wrong.” Cas’s panic was rising, he could feel his scent starting to sour with distress.
Charlie’s face went blank.
“Dean, come on, we’re leaving.”
“… I will.”
Some of those things that the other alphas said while they fucked him weren’t necessarily the nicest things, but Dean couldn’t deny that they were a little bit true. Whore, cockslut… they weren’t incorrect descriptions of how he acted in his heats. And Dean didn’t care, he really didn’t. His arrangements worked so well because he didn’t care what these alphas thought of him because he thought so little of them. What’s a little disrespect to go around when it’s a matter of survival? Dean could cope, he always had.
. Cas, his best friend, his roommate, the object of his romantic overtures fallen of deaf ears for years now-- now Cas was the one pressed up against him fucking him into the mattress. Except he wasn’t even doing that. He was pressing gently into him, holding his hand and kissing him, whispering things into his ear that Dean had never heard before, would never hear again because he had fucked up.
Dean could hear Cas plodding across the hall to his room before he returned not a minute later. In that brief time alone Dean had closed his eyes, arching his back and writhing on the mattress as the heat within him grew and grew.
“And you’ve… this whole time? You’ve…?”
, Novak, or I
Cas took care of everything. After his knot went down he slipped out of Dean and wrapped him in their nest and plodded out to their shared kitchen. He texted both Sam and Charlie, letting them know what had happened at the bar and that Dean was in heat, but that he was ok. He emailed the bar and gave the name of the waitress who knew the whole story, asking them to call him in a few days. He called off of work and did the same for Dean, cancelled any plans they had for the weekend.
“Dean?” His voice was thick with concern and the beginnings of panic. “What’s wrong? Are you ok?”
“I do,” Dean said quietly.
They fucked on just about every surface in their apartment, Dean sleepily nesting throughout whenever he was briefly sated between knots. Dean’s bed. The couch. The kitchen counter. Dean had progressively begun to navigate towards Cas’s room, replacing the comforter and piling his clothes all around him on the bed, rolling around in Cas’s scent as they fucked.
Cas trailed off before starting again.
Cas’s hands continued their journey down Dean’s back, moving lower, but before he could reach around Dean suddenly leapt up into his arms, Cas’s barely stumbling as he wrapped his hands under Dean’s thighs.
Dean believed him. Felt no fear, no resentment, nothing but
He fed Dean. He bathed him. He fucked him with reckless abandon. By the end of the third day he was missing the sallow thinness that usually defined the end of his heats, instead replaced with a healthy glow.
“Alright, well… our favorite red head may have texted me asking me to make sure you hadn’t flung yourself off the top of the student union,” Gabriel said. Cas snorted halfheartedly. “So it seemed like as good of a time as any to check in.”
Cas swiftly placed the food on his nightstand and crawled in with Dean; Dean hesitated only a moment before wrapping himself around him and holding him close, pressing soft, sleepy kisses to his mouth. Cas’s voice shook as he spoke. Dean was so warm.
He jerked back from the door, a hand over his mouth as more tears fell. What had he done? Had Dean, coming down from his heat, come to his senses to be disgusted by him? Disgusted by his awkwardness, his poor way with words, the absolute ferocity of his obsession with him, disgusted by his cock, his scent, the way he’d clung to Dean in desperation and love and apparently failed to notice that Dean was hating every moment of it? Did he hate him? Was he angry? Or had Cas hurt him? Gone too far, fucked too hard… had Dean lied in the moment about needing someone for his heats and Cas had fallen for it, let his needy omega make him forget what Cas knew too be true, that Dean didn’t want him, all too eager to get his hands on Dean’s skin, his tongue in his mouth?
“Ok. It’s gonna be ok, Dean, alright? It’ll be fine,” without thinking he reached over and squeezed Dean’s knee. He flinched and Cas quickly withdrew his hand.
When he looked back at Dean he saw a gaze of wonder in the low light, and Dean let out a long, slow breath before settling back into his seat.
“Dean, I love you.” He couldn’t believe he was allowed to say it.
Cas crawled his way up the expanse of Dean’s body, pushing his sweater up around his armpits as he pressed hot kisses into his skin.
Dean crawled his way out of the booth and over to the bar, and Cas made every effort to not watch him as he left. He pulled out his phone-- one text from Sam asking why Dean wasn’t answering, another from Meg asking when they were hanging out next.  He shot Sam a reply that Dean’s phone was dead at home and buried himself in the screen.
“Like, anything… derogatory? About his gender or about his behavior? Even if just in the heat of the moment or like, roleplay or something? Or when you found out about how he’d been getting through his heats?”
He’s already found himself three paragraphs deep in an obscure Wikipedia article before he noticed how long Dean had been gone.
“I would never… could never see you that way, Dean. The last four days have been the most beautiful and important days of my life, they have meant
He squeezed his hands on Dean’s ass as Dean squeaked in response. He’d taken the first few steps towards his bedroom, when…
“Dean… Dean I’ll say those things to you as often as you’ll let me.” Breathless, Cas was still breathless, unbelieving of what he was hearing but reveling in every moment of it, refusing to let it go.
The other alpha glanced over at Cas. Tall, older than both of them.
“Don’t-- don’t need, Cas, please…”
“Hmmm,” Cas hummed. “What do you need, baby?”
“No, go ahead.”
Cas’s fists clenched at his sides.
Cas gave a few shallow, experimental thrusts at first, watching Dean’s face carefully for any signs of discomfort before he began to surrender to his instincts, picking up speed and power as Dean clung to him for dear life, each thrust punching a low sound from the back of his throat. Cas thrust in at a few different angles before he found the spot that made Dean actually cry out, loud, arching his back off the bed and Cas, always a fast learner, hammered in as he drove them both closer and closer to the edge.
He turned around and pulled the handle, only able to open the door slightly before Cas was behind him again, slamming it shut with an arm over his shoulder.
Now, though, as Cas sat on a bench outside the library watching the road, he wished he knew how to deal with the sheer amount of self-loathing he was experiencing. Not because he didn’t think he deserved it, but because he’d never been closer to getting up and stepping directly in front of a bus.
Even after everything, after all this, Dean still had a hard time believing it, but it didn’t matter. Cas would show him, prove it to him every day in any way that he could until Dean ached with it.
“Who are you calling?” Cas was like a pup, standing in the door of the room, eyes wide staring down at Dean.
They broke apart and Cas ran his hands down Dean’s back and huffed a wet laugh.
” Sweet nothings whispered in his ear as Cas thrust into him, and Dean buried his head deeper into Cas’s bed so he wouldn’t notice the tears starting to fall from his face. This wasn’t fucking, certainly not fucking for survival. This was making love, and he was doing it with
as he grabbed his hips with bruising force and helped him control his descent until he was fully seated, both of them releasing load moans at the feeling.
Dean hesitated, but eventually rolled over, letting Cas begin working his strong hands over his muscles. There was something curling in the base of Dean’s belly, something he really didn’t want to look at but that was steadily growing, but god if his heat still wasn’t bad enough that he needed Cas’s hands on him, his scent surrounding him on every side. Cas straddled his hips as he worked his fingers in. Dean let out a long groan as Cas massaged the muscles on his back, sore from the last several days of use.
A growl built in the back of Cas’s throat as he ran his hands up Dean’s sides.
“Yes, Cas, please, please--” Dean cut himself off with a shuddered gasp as Cas pressed slowly inside of him, easily now after being opened for so many days. Dean exhaled as he bottomed out as Cas buried his face in his neck, letting out a low groan. Cas’s hand gripped his tighter.
He snagged his drink from the bar and stood to leave when the alpha offered a chuckle. Cas glowered at him from behind Dean.
show him, how much he cared. He’d wring cries of desperation out of Dean’s throat until he could no longer speak, until his every thought was of the alpha and of how deep he was pumping his love into him.
,” in time with Cas’s quickening thrusts. He shifted slightly and Dean cried out loud as his thrust hit Dean’s prostate directly on and Dean came, white spurts all between their stomachs and Cas groaned in response, fucking hard and deeper, chasing his own release inside of Dean as his knot began to swell, holding him through his orgasm.
There was nothing Castiel wanted less than to leave Dean right now, but after recent events he probably shouldn’t trust his instincts. He didn’t know what was best for Dean, that much was obvious. Charlie obviously did. With a pained huff he turned on his heels back to his room, haphazardly throwing on whatever clothes he picked up off the floor, his heartbeat pounding in his ears. He grabbed his backpack and flung it over his shoulder.
I-- “ He cut himself off with a tearful huff, resting his forehead against the door.
“Gabriel.”
“I don’t
“Yes,” Cas breathed. “Every moment, for as long as I can remember, Dean, I can’t believe you didn’t know,”
Cas pressed his forehead to Dean’s chest as he groaned, deep in his chest as if releasing a lungful of air that has resided there for years. He dragged Dean’s boxers down over his hips and flung them behind him, immediately wrapping a strong, thick hand around Dean’s length. Dean threw his head back and sucked in a breath. It was so good, it was exactly what he needed, it wasn’t enough, he needed more. The heat was building and building and he couldn’t ignore it any more, everything ached and he needed his alpha, needed
There was a pause before Dean answered.
“Yeah, um…” Dean kept his eyes firmly on the table.
“Uh… Cas? I think I’m… uh,” a blushed bloomed on his already pink face and he shifted in his seat again, his hands moving to press… lower. His shoulders tensed and drew together.
Cas gestured for Dean to sit while he poured him a cup. Dean took it with a small smile. Now that Cas looked closer, he could see that Dean’s eyes shone a little less brightly, that his flush was less pronounced than it had been the days prior. His scent was the same, but at this point their mingled scents were so pervasive in their apartment that he probably wouldn’t be able to notice any changes anyway.
“You want it, baby?” Cas breathed.
Dean’s hands were gripping Cas’s hair with deathly force as he babbled mindlessly, his head thrown back and breath ragged. It didn’t take long before Cas had him begging.
, now, but still it wasn’t what he needed, it was---
He took his eyes off the floor and looked up at her, shock plain on her face. Her eyes darted towards Dean’s closed door, worry etched in behind disbelief. God, what had he done?
“I’m not hungry.”
Everyone knew how Cas felt. Everyone, it seemed, except Dean.
It was Cas who had the privilege of quiet moments with him, together in their apartment. Saw him sleepy in the mornings, sitting quietly over a cup of coffee, asleep on the couch after a long day. It was strange, they knew, for an unmated alpha and omega to be living together, but neither of them cared. They had always been freakishly close for an unmated pair, but any comments on their situation or their closeness were always met with a joke from Dean and a knowing smirk in Cas’s direction, which he always met with a knowing smile of his own.
, yes, I’m clean, tested, birth control, Cas just---”
Dean landed with a soft “oomph” and a laugh, bouncing as Cas landed halfway between his legs.
,” the word curled on his tongue as he spat it out. “You’re sick and you’re tired… you haven’t eaten, you haven’t slept…”
He ran out the front door.
He didn’t have to wait long. Before the coffee was even finished he heard rustling coming from Dean’s bedroom and a low-pitched whine. Cas picked up the food and some bottles of water before heading in to see Dean wrapped in the sheets of their nest, a bright pink flush blooming on his chest. Cas’s brain short-circuited at the sight.
Cas tore his mouth away from Dean’s chest back to his lips, pressing in deeply before lifting Dean from under his arms back further onto the bed. Dean gasped at the show of strength, relishing in the thrill it sent down his spine. Dean’s back hit the mattress and Cas was over him a moment later before tearing himself away again. Dean whined.
“Thanks for that, by the way.” He said sheepishly, glancing down at his drink. Whiskey, now. Usually only when he was stressed. Had it been the alpha?
, you’re important”
Still, there had been times in the past, when Dean’s gaze would linger on him for a moment too long, where a hand placed platonically on his shoulder would squeeze, where Cas allowed himself to think… maybe. But then the moment would pass, Dean’s attention would move on.
A moment passed and it happened again, somewhat higher and more… desperate? Dean was always one to appreciate his food, but this was out of hand. Omegas really couldn’t go around moaning orgasmically at their food in public, especially in a restaurant filled with horny alphas. Particularly when one horny alpha was sitting across from him at the table. Cas glanced around as he adjusted his pants, trying desperately not to draw attention to either of them and refusing to look up at Dean, huffing quietly down at his plate.
“How are you feeling?”
please…”
be kicking your ass”
“Cas…”
Dean’s hands moved to either side of Cas’s face as he pulled him down for a passionate kiss, scooting his hips down gently to tell Cas that he was ready for him to move because he couldn’t even
He glanced up at the bar to see him cornered by an alpha at the bar. Dean didn’t date alphas, Cas knew (knew the fact itself if not the reason behind it; just another reason he knew they’d never end up together), but that never stopped him from welcoming the attention. Cas swallowed and looked away. Whoever Dean wanted to flirt with was his business, and Cas couldn’t do anything about it.
“Is this what you want, beautiful?” Cas whispered, his voice low and rough.
Cas quickly pulled out of his grasp and raised his torso from on top of Dean, leaving his fingers in place for Dean to continue fucking himself.
“Jesus, Cas, where you right outside the door?” Charlie asked.
“You’ll take care of me?” his voice was as small as he looked, hesitant and desperate.
Dean gasped, dug his fingers into Cas’s hair as he bottomed out, Cas holding his breath as he slid in easily in one long stroke before his hips were against Dean’s ass.
“Dean, you can’t drive-- give me the keys,” Cas was never one to use his alpha voice, especially with Dean, but these were special circumstances. Dean held out the keys reluctantly before sliding into the passenger seat.
He was broken off by Dean pressing him up against the front door and kissing him.
“Just you wait, beautiful. You’ll be back to me before the end of the night,”
She looked up and an expression, halfway between a smile and a cringe, spread across her face.
“Cas, drop it.”
“Cas… Cas, please, I need…”
“Dean, I don’t understand”
“What did you do?” she hissed.
“Everything ok?”
“Is this what you want?” Cas whispered. He sounded unsure, in awe, as if despite all the material evidence he couldn’t be sure that this was happening, that Dean was letting him do this,
“Yeah, just hot in here I guess. And somehow I’m still hungry.”
“Cas, please just go away,” his broken voice replied, small. Castiel felt his heart break into a million pieces. But he would fix it. He
The line, as it always has been, were his heats. Cas was kicked unceremoniously out of the apartment to his brother Gabriel’s place across the city as Dean suffered alone. Cas would never presume he wanted his… help. He knew better. Heats were special, times of extreme vulnerability that non-committed alphas were rarely granted the pleasure to experience.
But whenever he would return a few days later Dean was starved, dehydrated, and exhausted, with purple bags under his eyes and always a few pounds lighter, and he refused Cas’s help to improve his condition until over a week had passed and things had largely returned to normal on their own.
, Dean, I will. I’ll… go to Gabe’s, I’ll make sure that Charlie brings you food, I’ll make sure everything’s sorted out with the bar, and you can have your… privacy, I’ll get out of your hair, ok?”
Dean nodded into the pillow as Cas continued working, digging his strong hands into his skin, his movements thoughtful and intentional. As Cas worked down his back towards his hips he could smell the beginnings of alpha arousal in the air, but Cas did nothing to indicate it. Still, Dean was in heat, even if he was making his way towards the end, and he needed it, needed it more than he needed to look at whatever was working its way around his chest told him that it was maybe not a good idea.
Cas stared, wide eyed and open mouthed, at Dean sitting on the bed, whose face was getting redder and redder by the moment. Cas couldn’t believe what he was hearing.
“I have to find someone”
He softened his voice as much as possible.
Charlie was easy-going, laid-back. He never saw her get heated about anything other than Star Wars arguments, her calm and cheerful demeanor one of her most defining traits.
Another moment of silence settled between them, Cas still breathing heavy and Dean refusing to look at him. Cas couldn’t take his eyes off him-- his face, sad but still somewhat flushed with the remains of his heat, his soft golden hair, his slim delicate hands holding his strong arms, his thin legs and red knees rocking as he shifted from one foot to the other subtly. He was so beautiful. Still so beautiful.
“Gabriel now really isn’t a good time,” Cas began. Why was his voice shaking? Was he still crying?
There was no reason for Cas to be acting like this. Dean probably just wanted to watch some porn to get started, and that was none of Cas’s business. Dean was doing what Cas wanted, was holing up in his room for the next few days where he’d be safe and maybe the heat pheromones would clog his brain enough that he would forget Cas pinning him up against the wall and shoving his tongue in his mouth when he was at his most vulnerable. He should leave now, head to Gabe’s, and pray that Dean would still speak to him when he returned. As it was…
“Dean--”
Time passed and Dean began to shift uncomfortably in his seat, pulling at his t-shirt at his front.
He brought his eyes to hers again, pleading for an explanation and begging for an apology all at once. Her face was still deceptively blank, her eyes now trained on Castiel’s face.
, I… maybe that guy is still there, he wasn’t so bad, maybe he’s--” Dean was mumbling to himself now, but Cas heard all the same and released a feral growl before he could stop himself. Dean’s eyes snapped up to his face and Cas swallowed thickly.
Dean released a breathy moan as he canted his hips up into Cas’s hands, pushing his ass into Cas’s crotch where he straddled him. Cas let out a small sound of surprise that quickly melted into a groan at the sensation. So Dean did it again, encouraging him to move things forward.
There would be time for more, later. More time over the next several days to explore every inch of one another’s bodies as Dean rode out his heat, but he needed this. Needed this ever since he’d polished off his drink at the bar and found the alpha of his dreams staring back at him as the heat built inside him, Cas, always Cas, who he’d wanted for so long and who was
“Ok, ok, I get it” Gabriel cut him off. “It’s just, ah… hmm.” He heard more clacking on the other end of the line.
The sultry voice on the other end spoke again.
“Now Cas… not that I have any desire to hear you wax on any further about the beauty of Dean in heat…” Cas glared at the sidewalk indignantly, but let him continue. “But is there anything you might have said to Dean during the act that may have made him… feel bad?”
Cas took care of Dean in whatever way he could. He was almost irrationally compelled to do so, whether by some repressed alpha instinct or his romantic obsession he wasn’t sure. Dean usually accepted it with grace and didn’t linger on it, didn’t make Cas feel embarrassed for fretting after him 24/7.
Still, only a few moments later his eyes wandered back to the bar where the alpha was leaning over Dean, Dean curved backwards as he avoided all contact. Dean cut his eyes over to him. He was up out of the booth before he was aware of what he was doing. As he approached, he watched Dean place a delicate hand on the alpha’s chest and forcibly push him back, his white teeth flashing in a grin.
“I love you too, Cas.”
and yet was seemingly as close to the edge as Dean was. Dean, realizing his selfishness, snuck an arm in between their clothed bodies and cupped Cas’s clothed erection, punching a loud, deep moan from him.
Dean pulled him down for a kiss.
Dean had been fucked plenty before. He wasn’t ashamed of what he needed to do to get through his heats; he knew it was unconventional, that most people would look down on him if they knew, but he understood the reality of his biology better than people gave him credit for, knew that every few months he made the choice that made the most sense for him. He had a few alphas that he cycled between, some better than others, but all of whom were some flavor the same. Dean called, they fucked like rabbits for a few days so Dean wouldn’t get sick and die, and then they left. It was never an arrangement that either took any issue with. And if Dean was hopelessly obsessed with his shy, alpha roommate, who cared? Cas wasn’t interested anyways; he made that perfectly obvious by the way he fled the apartment as soon as Dean’s heat started to show. And as much as he wanted him to stay, deep down he was grateful-- that Cas wouldn’t have to see him like this, wouldn’t have to know what he did and who he did it with to get by. He could pretend he was a good, wholesome omega saving his heats for his mate who definitely wouldn’t be Cas, because Cas didn’t want him, but someone respectable who did
wait!” Cas stood, reaching for Dean who was already out the door. Cas reached blindly for a pair of boxers off the floor and pulled them on, following him across the hall only to have the door to Dean’s room shut in his face.
When he felt Dean’s legs begin to shake, he immediately replaced his tongue with two fingers and turned his attention to Dean’s cock, hard and leaking desperately on his stomach. He gave the length a few experimental licks before placing a chaste, sweet kiss to the head. Dean sobbed. After a brief glance to ensure it was the type of sob he was looking for, Cas sank Dean into his mouth, bobbing up and down in rhythm with his fingers thrusting in and out.
“Dean, I’ll… I’ll leave in just a second, ok? I’ll leave
A few bites in and Dean offered a deep moan.
“I think so, yes.” Cas’s hands tightened impossibly tighter on the wheel at the sound of Dean’s frantic breathing.
“Cas… Cas
“Hiya, Cas,” he offered as greeting, not taking his eyes off the alpha.
Cas’s eyebrows knit together in confusion.“Yes, Dean, of course. I’ll take care of everything, ok? Don’t worry,” He’d need to call Charlie and Sam, let them both know what happened. Sam might even want Cas to call their parents. They were low on groceries, but he could stock up and have Charlie deliver them, make sure Dean had everything he needed. Then he’d go back to the Roadhouse and find the alpha who did this and kick his ass into oblivion.
Dean was still breathless when he replied.
Cas purred and ran his hands down Dean’s sides, slipping his hands under the hem of Dean’s boxers and pulling them off as he kissed his way down his back. Dean crossed his arms and buried his face in his elbow, leaning up again into Cas’s touch. He felt Cas step away to discard his own clothes before he was pressed up against him again, Cas’s rock hard cock rubbing against his ass. The tip brushed up against his entrances and Dean sucked in a breath.
“…What? You’re leaving?”
Cas pulled off Dean’s cock with an obscene pop, leaving his fingers in place as he crawled up his body to meet Dean’s lips. With his free hand he pushed sweaty hair off Dean’s forehead.
He barely had time to think before Dean was pressing a hand to his chest for leverage and sinking down onto his cock. He hadn’t prepped, Cas should be worried, but his brain had emptied except for an internal chant of
It had barely been a whisper, but Cas had heard. Of course he had. His movements stopped abruptly as Cas froze, his breathing heavy in Dean’s ear.
“Yes. Yes, I have to leave,”
“That’s funny, you told me you didn’t date alphas,” he sneered.
Cas grinned again. He still wanted him.
anymore Cas felt so good and right inside of him.
The next three days were, inarguably, the best of Castiel’s life.
“You always left, ok? I didn’t have anyone else!”
“But…” Dean’s eyes darted wildly across Cas’s face, trying to understand. “But you said you’d take care of me.” He sounded so broken.
“What?”
And the very thought of Dean wanting to remember this, remember him, walk around campus feeling his love in his most intimate places had him offering one more desperate thrust before his knot popped into place, releasing deep into him with a desperate, broken cry of his name.
He dreaded the question but knew he had to ask.
He was broken out of his thoughts when Dean spoke.
“Yes.”
Cas frowned. It was the middle of March in the Midwest and Dean had complained about how cold it was in the restaurant not thirty minutes ago.
Cas put a hand over his eyes. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Look, just… go to your room, build your nest, I’ll call Charlie and- and Sam, I’ll take care of everything, ok? Just give me a minute to pack a bag and then I’ll be out of your hair,” even as he said it, he was glued to the spot where he stood, making no effort to head towards his room.
At the very least, Cas did everything in his power to prove himself to Dean. He’d prove he was a good friend, a good alpha who would be there for every heat following even if Dean didn’t want him in between, where he’d never have to call anyone else to help.
If Castiel was helplessly in love with Dean before, fuck if he was ever able to see him as anything but a god in human form again. Here, in the low light, riding his cock, desperate for more as Cas gave him everything, Dean was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. He wanted to commit this image, this feeling, to memory, to revisit it at any time of his life when things seemed difficult to remind himself that this,
Dean’s hysteria was growing, barely aware that at some point he’d began chanting Cas’s name like a prayer with every thrust, letting out a broken gasp and a full-body jerk when he felt Cas’s knot catch at his rim.
“…didn’t know if you’d still be here,” Dean mumbled into his neck.
Cas didn’t. An omega’s heat was sacred, often not shared with alphas outside of a mating, or at least far into courtship. They were times of vulnerability, times where the alpha would step in, make sure the omega was cared for and safe and sated and happy and…
“I don’t think it’s anything you said, Cassie. It may have to do with Dean’s previous experiences”
“Ok.”
“There…” Cas whispered. Dean opened his eyes to see Cas staring down at him in wonder. “Are you comfortable?”
“You can go,”
“Dean? Are you ok?”
Cas figured he knew what this was. These types of druggings were depressingly common-- just kickstart a heat, if nothing else. Some people even considered them harmless, or just a way to help an omega really get in the mood. As attacks on omegas went, they were on the less horrific side of the spectrum, but that didn’t mean they weren’t terrible. And Cas didn’t know the details.
“Charlie!”
“Ok, ok we made it home,” he breathed a sigh of relief. “Now go get set up in your room, I’ll call Sam, and---”
But Cas.
“I… what?” Cas still hadn’t removed his hand from the door.
, I---”
“Hmm? No, I’m ok I think,” he replied, dropping his gaze to the table.
Castiel’s brain short circuited and he fell into silence.
“Dean, please open the door,” he begged quietly. Dean didn’t answer.
Cas waived the waitress over to the table frantically, explaining the situation before dropping a couple twenties and standing up. Dean’s scent was getting stronger and a few curious glances were beginning to make their way to them. The alpha in question was nowhere in sight.
“What are you doing?”
Cas ignored Dean’s protestations and pressed the phone to his ear as a man answered the phone.
After the stress of Dean’s reaction, the high emotions of the last several hours, Cas couldn’t wait, and he got the feeling Dean couldn’t wait either. Their kisses, light and loving at first, turned deep and desperate quickly. This was Cas’s chance to show Dean,
“Good morning,” Cas greeted, grinning from ear to ear.
“Shh, I’ll take care of you, I told you,”
“I… what?”
Cas’s body tense above him, there was a moment of stillness before Cas spoke.
“Get out of the way.”
Dean tilted his head back as he drained the last of his beer. The lights of The Roadhouse shone against the bottle and the golden tips of his hair, and his throat flexed gently as he swallowed. As he guided his head back down and the bottle back to the table, a dribble of beer rolled down the side of his mouth and he swiped at it mindlessly with the back of his hand. He glanced up to find Cas staring, eyebrows raised, and shot Cas a sheepish smile.
“Look, Cas. If what you’re saying is true then I don’t think I need to kick your ass, but I think you should leave.”
angry before if this is what Cas had to compare it to. But he was raising his arms towards Cas like he was trying to calm a wild animal.
God this was bad. He’d fucked up. He’d fucked up guilting Cas into staying, knowingly playing into his alpha hormones to keep him there, to help him. He’d used him, his best friend, the same way he’d used all those other alphas, and as soon as Dean stopped hypnotizing him with his heat pheromones he’d wake up and realize what Dean had done and hate him for it. And worse, he’d see him how those other alphas saw him: slut, whore, needy little bitch, all of which were true but had never been true to Cas. Except now they would be, Dean had made sure of that.
“Because I do love you, Dean. I have loved you this whole time and I will keep on loving you even if you never speak to me again and it doesn’t matter that you don’t feel the same, I just can’t let you think about yourself like---”
“I… no, I was…” His eyes trained on Dean. Dean, who looked so small, in his boxers and a sweater too big for him that Cas recognized to be his, his heart growing with some sort of pride at the knowledge. But Dean had tear tracks down his face, his eyes still red, arms crossed over his chest and refusing to meet Cas’s eye. Cas cleared his throat.
Dean was sunk down in his seat, hands in his pockets.
“But you’re not--” Cas leaned forward and sniffed again. God, Cas had never smelled Dean in heat before, only what he could catch under those god-awful cleaners, which he definitely hadn’t ever tried to do on purpose. That scent… Cas wanted to roll around in it, bathe in it, liquidize and drink it down until he choked on it.
“Yes, yes, alpha, please, Cas… I need it, I need--” Dean didn’t bother to finish as Cas wrapped his arms around his shoulders and began thrusting again, impossibly deeper and harder, pulling Dean down onto him. His hips canted up, his legs bent in the air and flailing in sync with each pound inside of him. Dean was no longer breathing, offering only breathy sobs as his hands dug into the nest on either side of him, Cas over him, around him, in him, they were here, together, Cas was his.
Cas arrived in front of their apartment building, staring up at the window that he knew belonged to him and Dean.
“…really?” Dean asked quietly.
“Charlie,
, Cas, please. I need you,”
The wanton,
“Good morning,” Dean mumbled in response, then looked around the kitchen. “Is there coffee?”
“Of course, my omega. I’m not going anywhere,” he felt Dean relax more against him at his words as he began to breathe heavily.
“Take me to bed, alpha,” Dean whispered into his mouth.
He’d had Dean the way he always wanted him, and now he wouldn’t have him at all.
He set a rough pace, his cock dragging, pulling Dean’s insides out of him before pushing them back in, fucking room inside of him for Castiel to live. So hot, always so hot inside of him, wet heat clinging to him desperately as he ached to please this man, to be good for him, good to him, give him everything he wanted.
“But… Every time I come back here, you’re…” realization was slowly starting to dawn, and Cas was angry now. “After every heat you’re
“I think there was something in your drink,” Cas seethed.
Still, there was a part of Cas, a part growing larger by the day, that hoped deep within him that maybe this meant things had changed between them. That maybe the way Dean
“Are you ok?”
He offered Dean a hand, who after a moment’s pause took it with a huffed laugh before allowing Cas to lead them back to his bedroom. Dean looked around dazedly at the size and scope of their nest before Cas gently lowered him down onto the bed. Dean let out a long breath as Cas wrapped his hands around the back of his neck and kissed him deeply.
Cas eyed the empty whiskey glass on the table and snatched it, holding it to his nose and breathing deeply before looking around the bar, fire in his eyes.
Even with no prep, Dean seemed perfectly happy, and only gave himself a moment before planting his hands on Cas’s broad chest and raising himself up and back down forcefully.
Gabriel was joking, as always, but Cas could hear the thin line of worry in his voice. Cas had no desire to discuss the events of the past two hours with anyone lest he drive himself even further into his pit of self-loathing, but… Gabriel knew Dean, knew how Cas felt about Dean. And Gabriel was an omega, even if you wouldn’t think it to look at him. He might be able to offer some sage advice. Or at least be willing to double down on the flagellation that Cas was so eager for.
“What? No! God, no! I didn’t… I was jealous, when I found out, but I only told the truth, about how he felt and how… beautiful, how--”
Dean huffed a laugh. “You.
have dark hair and a big, strange smile and an obsession with bees.
It took Cas only a moment’s pause before his body responded in the only way it knew how. He wrapped his arms around him, snaking them up around his sides until one hand pressed hard against the center of his back and the other gripped the back of his neck, holding him close and controlling the kiss. As Cas gripped his hair Dean let out a high pitched moan and pressed their hips together, his soft hands lightly pressed to either side of Cas’s face. Cas released a low growl and flipped them so Dean’s back was to the door, shoving a knee between his legs and breaking the kiss to bury his nose in Dean’s neck, scenting him open mouthed. Dean’s legs spread gently as Cas rubbed his leg against the bulge in the front of his pants. He dragged his lips up his neck before connecting them again, pressing his tongue into his mouth.
Charlie interrupted him again. “Cas, I can assure you that if he is hurt you will be hearing from me,” she jabbed a finger at his naked chest. “But just let me talk to him. Put some damn clothes on and go for a walk, clear your head, and I will text you when you can come back.”
“Dean, wait,
“Me.” Cas growled, a curl of possessiveness growing at his spine. “You need
“Ok… ok”
“I, um… I need my phone. Do you know where my phone is?”
“Hey!”
Charlie hummed and bit at a fingernail, clearly thinking over her options.
As if it were possible for Cas to feel more shock in his body.
Before Cas knew what he was doing he had Dean pressed up against him and his hand at the back of his head, wound in his hair, not kissing but holding him close, breathing into his mouth. Dean, for all his anger, went immediately pliant in his arms. They stayed like that, breathing one another’s air in short pants, until Cas finally spoke.
He stared at their mostly bare cupboards trying to think of what to feed Dean before he settled on pulling out all the fruit they had remaining in the home (Castiel’s usually, not Dean’s, but Dean needed healthy sugars) and assembled it all on a plate in bite size pieces. He was the middle of the night, but he didn’t know when Dean would wake next so he began brewing some coffee, knowing Dean would want it when he woke up.
“Gabe… if you’re talking to Charlie can you tell her that I really need to talk to Dean? Please? I just… he has to know that… that I don’t…”
A shaky breath.
Dean ignored him as the phone rang on the other end. Possessed by some unfathomable force of nature, Cas bolted across the room in long strides and snatched the phone from Dean’s hand the moment the line picked up, Dean too startled to react in time.
“Oh Dean, my Dean,” Cas mumbled into his skin. “So good for me… so good,” Dean pretended not to glow at the praise and, disappointed that he’d been too far gone to revel in Cas’s orgasm, gave a strong squeeze around him. Cas gasped heavily into his neck before releasing another groan and Dean felt another load of cum wash inside him. He smirked.
Dean planted a parting kiss to the top of his dick before he crawled his way back up Cas’s body, grinding down and letting his slick rub against Castiel’s spit slick dick as Cas released a guttural moan from deep in his chest.
“I’d wait for her ok, Cas, but I’ll relay the message.”
“I need my phone,” he muttered to himself before turning on his heel back to his room. Castiel, despite getting exactly what he wanted, followed him, trailing only a few steps behind.
Dean’s eyes hit the floor. “I… I didn’t--”
He opened the front door already out of breath. Dean and Charlie both looked towards him immediately from their place standing in the living room, startled by his sudden arrival.
“Cas, it’s none of your business, just give me my fucking phone,” Dean spat.
“Then
So Cas told him everything. About Thursday night, the drugging, what he’d learned about Dean’s handling of his heats (Gabriel didn’t sound terribly surprised at this discovery either), about the past four days (omitting graphic details), and about this morning. He listened, largely silent but offering an acknowledgement or a hum of confusion occasionally. At one point Cas heard the tell-tale clicking of Gabriel texting someone during their conversation, but Cas didn’t care. Now that he was opening up, he couldn’t stop.
“I… Get off. Please get off.”
“You’re really tense, Dean,” Cas breathed against his cheek after he pulled away. “…Can I?”
“Dean… Dean I need you to be honest with me, ok? Don’t lie to me.” The hand not around Dean’s head was gripping his bicep. Their faces were so close. Cas drew him even closer.
“He did.”
you, please--”
Charlie, somewhere along the way, had been chosen as Dean’s post-heat assistance, and Dean would never let Cas anywhere near him, and no one stayed during the event itself. Cas would return to a sickly Dean and a house smelling of cheap, citrus-y cleaner, the rare occasion when their apartment would be spotless. It broke his heart every three months, but he respected Dean’s boundary.
“I’m sorry, I…” Dean stood, wiping the tears still running down his face. Cas’s face dropped even further.
Cas drew back and Dean went to turn over, finally finally getting what he wanted before a gentle hand at his hip stopped him, kept him on his back.
“God, Gabriel, I…” Turns out Cas
“Why?”
“Dean, baby, do you have condoms for us?” Cas asked, softer this time, gazing down at Dean writhing mindlessly on the sheets as if he was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen.
There was a long silence before Dean responded filled only with their heavy breathing. Cas still wasn’t looking at him.
the very tiny rational part of his brain supplied. Dean wasn’t due for at least another month, what was…?
“Cas, just
Just as Dean finally opened his mouth to speak, Castiel broke the silence, unable to hold back any longer.
crying again, and a tiny voice in the back of his head said he was shocked he had enough fluids left to cry this much considering his actions over the weekend. “I fucked up. I fucked up so bad.”
him to do this.
Cas ripped his eyes away from where they’d been transfixed on Dean’s fingers.
Cas didn’t understand. Who was that? Why was Dean calling him, and why did he know who Dean was?
Cas shushed him again, leaning over him to kiss him gently as Dean devoured his mouth.
“Charlie I can’t leave,” he begged. “I don’t know if he’s hurt, if he’s--”
“Is this ok?” he could hear the worry in Cas’s voice. But this wasn’t Cas’s problem.
“Cas!”
Cas dropped the phone like it was scalding his hand, it hitting the floor with a loud clatter.
Dean keened, and as much as he wanted Cas to kiss him like this,
“What??”
like this, forever, his heat was still building, tightening in his stomach as the need that his previous anger had masked began to rise. He gripped the front of Cas’s shirt in fistfuls.
Dean took a long sip before responding. “Ok. I think it’s starting to break but ah… not quite yet.”
When his fork clattered loudly on his plate and Dean practically keened, Cas set his own fork down and looked up in exasperation, only to freeze at the look on Dean’s face.
Again with the alpha voice, but it seemed to be working. Dean’s eyes were still trained on the door, his bottom lip sucked into his mouth as he worried it with his teeth, obviously holding himself back from saying something.
“Charlie, it isn’t what it looks like, ok?” At least, God, he hoped it wasn’t. Dean wasn’t talking to him. Charlie’s rage could very well be justified. He’d welcome her killing him if that was the truth. Cas took more shaky steps away from their bedrooms and out into the living room, his hands still raised.
,” Cas whispered brokenly. Dean was crying so much he was starting to shake, so lost in his thoughts that Cas’s dick in his ass was barely registering to him anymore, and Cas must have felt because he held Dean even closer, picked up his pace, thinking he was close.
“Castiel, what the fuck did you do?” her voice rising.
Cas’s brain flatlined for a moment as he watched a bead of sweat roll down Dean’s neck. He wanted to reach out and clean it with his tongue before he realized what Dean had said.
Cas pressed his foot over the screen and slid it out the door behind him.
“Ok, easy cowboy,” Charlie said, reacting to the clear panic rising in his voice. “I’m sure he’s fine,” her eyes drifting to Dean’s door again. “I might have some idea of what’s going on, but… did you say anything to him? This last time? Anything that might have set him off?”
They made their way back to the table, Cas putting all his effort into controlling his raging heartbeat. This happened fairly often when they went out together, but it never failed to upset him far more than he cared to admit. Dean could take care of himself, he knew, and preferred to most of the time. Maybe he’d be mad at Cas for stepping in, angry that Cas had assumed he couldn’t handle the situation on his own.
“Oh,” Dean ran a hand over his face. “Did I plug it in? Is it charging?”
“I can explain.”
“…No. It happened to Lisa and she said it was just a, um… just a normal heat for her… How they always were.” He shifted in his seat again. Dean was never this bashful, not about anything. Private, sure, but this was different. Was this worry? Was he scared?
Dean looked poised to respond when the waitress arrived with the pie. However sick Dean may be feeling, his eyes lit up and he dug in ferociously the minute the plate hit the table. Cas smirked, but didn’t press him.
There was once, when Cas knew Dean’s heat was coming, that he cooked a large batch of Dean’s favorite soup and left it in the fridge, encouraging Dean to eat it over the coming days. Dean had given him a tight-lipped smile and offered his thanks before slinking into his room. When Cas had returned after receiving the clear from Charlie, the entire pot had gone untouched. Cas had thrown it away and not tried again.
, but you can’t go out there, it’s not safe.”
“Please… please, Cas I need---”
“Sam wants you to check your phone when you get back. Apparently some great Star Wars meme he sent you, he was mad you didn’t reply immediately”
“No! No, I just…” wiping his face furiously and heading for the door. “God, I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry.”
“Who are you calling, are you calling someone?” Cas stepped into the room. Big mistake.
Dean’s eyes widened impossibly further. Shaky hands came up under them to rest on the alpha’s chest.
“I was downstairs.”
Two fingers plunged into him, Dean’s heat opening up his body immediately. Any burn was erased directly after by the stretch, the pleasure, knowing this was Cas inside him, prying him open and prepping him for his cock. Cas who was pressed down tightly on top of him, whose scent enveloped every one of his senses.
“Yes,
“Dean… Dean please,” his voice cracked as tears formed in his own eyes. “Just… just talk to me, tell me you’re alright.”
“Guy was creeping me out” Dean muttered, taking the first sip of his drink.
“Stop. Stop.”
Even as Cas lost his own mind with Dean sinking up and down on top of him, squeezing at the top of each bounce in all the right places, Castiel strengthened his grip on Dean’s hips and planted his feet on the bed, snapping his own hips up to meet Dean’s as he drove himself as deep inside as he could possibly go.
Cas leaned up and pulled down his boxers, and now it was Dean’s turn to gaze in wonder. Cas’s runner’s body and strong shoulders, strong thighs… so enamored with the glory of the alpha in front of him that he didn’t even register Cas shaking as he lowered himself back over Dean, in between Dean’s legs that slid open easily for Cas to lay between. They were halfway kissing, half panting into one another, Dean’s hands on either side of Cas’s face as they both took in shaky breaths as Cas drug the head of his cock over Dean’s hole, hesitated only a moment longer before slowly pushing inside.
“Yes, alpha,”
Dean nodded before pulling Cas down into another kiss. He dragged the alpha’s shirt over his head as Cas worked away at Dean’s jeans. Their hands were growing more desperate with each shed layer. Cas was frantically running his hands over every inch of Dean’s skin that he could reach, cataloging and committing it to memory, their lips never separating. With each touch and breathy moan Dean dissolved further into the mattress. Cas withrew briefly to discard his pants.
“Because… because he asked me to stay.”
Dean was grateful that their position allowed Dean to hide his face so Cas couldn’t see the hot blush of shame that bloomed on his cheeks as he begged before he could even stop to think.
When his brain restarted its functioning Cas was lying over him, face buried in his neck and a hand petting his hair.
“I do feel the same,”
“You… what?”
“No… just, um…”
“I’ll take what I can get, ok? Just give me my damn phone!” Dean stood from the bed and faced Cas, down to just his t-shirt and jeans. Sweat was dripping down Dean’s neck now and Cas wanted to drink, drink it all up.
“But… no, I---”
, I’m sorry. I’m really sorry, just, uh…” Cas battled with every instinct in his body as he ripped himself away from Dean, taking a few steps back. Dean looked up at him in confusion, his mouth open and panting. His lips were so pink. Stop looking at his lips.
“You do, what?”
Before long Dean was shifting his hips, fucking himself down and asking for more and Cas quickly obliged, filling him and stretching him in preparation. Cas was panting heavily into Dean’s mouth, who’d been so caught up in the pleasure of it all that he hadn’t even noticed Cas speaking.
When he finally spoke, his voice was small.
Dean dragged Cas under the sheets as Cas took a bit more time to explore Dean’s body-- his narrow hips, his flat but soft stomach, his thin bow legs, his cock. Each item he explored with adoration, mapping out the differences in he and Dean’s bodies all while Dean unwound into a writing mess beneath him.
to fix it.
Dean jostled with every thrust, moaning deep in his chest, before his voice became a whispered litany of “Yes, yes,
His pie sat almost untouched on his plate, and he was flushed seemingly from head to toe. Sweat had begun to gather at the collar of his t-shirt, and he was bent over with a hand pressed firmly to his stomach.
“What do you mean, feel bad?”
“Yeah, just, uh… hot.”
“Dean…” whispered against his lips. Was Cas saying something? Why was he talking? He always talked too much. “Dean, if you’re ever uncomfortable I want you to say something, ok?” Dean nodded frantically. Cas’s hand slid slowly over the front of his crotch and Dean released a moan before his hand traveled lower, past his balls to where his ass was leaking slick onto the bed. Cas breathed heavily into his mouth and pressed gently at the source as Dean released another needy groan.
“I can’t stand the thought of someone else’s hands on your skin. Of someone knowing you in that way and not caring for you-- Dean, I do not think less of you. I would never think something so horrible about you, I could never, and the past few days have only made me love you more and I thought that was impossible.” The words were out of his mouth before he’d processed them, but he didn’t care. He didn’t care if Dean didn’t love him, he just had to know. Dean was still staring at him.
Dean was still frozen in place, his hands pressed to his crotch and his eyes boring into the empty whiskey glass. Cas leaned in and wrapped his hands gently around his shoulders, pulling him from the booth.
Cas looked up at him from where he’d been bent over into their back cupboards, up at Dean who had his gaze directly into his coffee cup.
Cas blinked before he understood and made his way back towards the front door, refusing to let Dean down out of his arms no matter how much he wiggled. After some awkward maneuvering they managed to swing the front door open and Cas leaned Dean backwards so he could lean out into the hallway to see Charlie sitting at the end of the hall on her phone.
“You didn’t use me,” Cas said dumbly. “I wanted to be here. So… so much, I…”
“Sleep, beautiful.”
“And now, I just… God, Gabriel, I’ve ruined everything,” he finished, pressing a hand to his eyes. “I thought I was doing the right thing, I thought I was helping and now he’s never going to speak to me again.”
He needed to get out of here. He needed to stop and to leave before Cas realized, before his knot swelled and tied them together so he’d only have more time to start hating him, seeing him as the stupid, manipulative omega bitch he was.
Cas had entered an entirely new state of mind where nothing mattered except Dean-- Dean’s health, his happiness, how beautiful he looked spread out beneath him and how good it felt to be inside him. It was a mindset both elevated far above every day experience and simultaneously baser, where he relied only on his instincts and, despite the newness of their situation, everything felt already comfortable and familiar.
Dean threw his head back and came all over Castiel with a moan and Cas followed soon after, digging his heels into the bed and locking his knot deep inside of Dean as he released a broken gasp of Dean’s name. As Dean came down from his high he let out a wrecked sound, exhausted, and Cas pushed himself up to a sitting position and caught him before he could fall forward, settling him in his lap as they were still locked together, wrapping his hands around his back.
. No one else.”
“…Cas?” Dean sat up, the sheets tangled between his legs and pulled half-way up his torso, looking up at Cas in the doorway, his eyes wide.
“Cas… please. Please”
Another chill breeze tore through him and he wrapped his jacket closer around himself, barely noticing.
He barely registered Cas pausing at the end of the mattress to stare. He heard another breathy moan and a mumbled “…fuck,” before he looked up to see Cas holding his own big, white down comforter in his arms. The one he knew Dean liked and was jealous of, the one that, if Dean played his cards right and swore not to spill on, he’d let him drag out into the living room for movie nights. Cas kneed his way onto the bed and eased a hand behind Dean to urge his back off the mattress as he fluffed the comforter that oozed his scent around and behind Dean before laying him back into a bed of clouds. A nest.
“Everything ok over here?”
“Are you sure?”
“I have to find someone, I have to find
as Cas walked him back and gently pushed him onto the bed, divesting him of his pants on the way down to the edge of the bed. Before Dean could process the movement Cas was on his knees in front of him, sinking his hands into his hair and kissing him within an inch of his life. Cas drug his mouth away from his as he nosed his way down his jaw, hands running up and down Dean’s sides and he pressed open mouthed kisses to his neck.
Dean giggled, tears still streaming down his face, but he was happy. So happy.
With that Dean snapped his gaze back to Castiel, his eyes wide and disbelieving.
While Dean was sated and sleepy with Cas’s knot tucked neatly inside of him, Cas reached over to his nightstand and gently fed him by hand, helping him take sips of water in between bites. With a knot inside of him, Dean’s flush looked less feverish and more sun-kissed, his pink lips slick from hydration and the fruit Cas pushed into his mouth that Dean guzzled off of his fingers. Even with his knot inside him, Cas was transfixed every time Dean’s tongue licked out of his mouth across the bite Cas held out for him, his breath catching every time he got a lick on the bottom of one of his fingers. Beautiful.
, Cas, and my ‘normal heats,’ Dean sat up and ripped off his shoes, and started stripping his outer layers. Cas did not stare. “are completely intolerable, ok? I need help. I’ve always needed help,” Why was he so flushed? Cas should do something to help him cool down. “It’s either this or take meds so strong that I’ll be infertile in a year” There was a familiar sort of resignation in his voice. What was Dean saying? Why was he being so confusing? Cas must be misunderstanding something.
“I love you,” he whispered against his lips. “I love you so much.” Dean shuddered bodily against his mouth.
Dean’s whispered confession was cut off my Cas smashing their lips together, immediately licking his way into Dean’s mouth. Cas moaned as Dean rolled his body against him, pressing them tightly together so only layers of fabric kept them apart. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s back and around Dean’s shoulders, cradling him as if he could shatter at any moment. Dean shuddered.
Cas had never been all that partial to his secondary gender. Being an alpha was more embarrassing than anything else, considering how ill-suited he was to it. But the way Dean said it when he called him that… god, he never wanted to be anything other than whatever would please his omega the most.
“Dean, I don’t think you’re a whore omega cockslut,” he said loudly, perhaps with more force that necessary, spitting those last three words out of his mouth.
“You said he went into heat.”
An awkward silence fell on the group. Cas never took his eyes off Dean, who shifted uncomfortably, pulling the cuffs of the sweater down over his hands.
“You ok?”
“What, I gotta be guilted into offering an unprompted hello to my favorite brother?”
Cas would wring the neck of anyone who had ever made Dean feel that way about himself. Beautiful, perfect Dean. Spread out before him, he… It didn’t matter if Dean didn’t feel the same. He had to know that wasn’t who he was, that Cas would never see him that way.
“I’m fine, Cas, please just… just go away,” he could hear the tears in Dean’s voice. He was still crying.
“God, Dean you feel so good-- so good,
Maybe they could eat later.
Dean drifted off to Cas’s hands carding gently through his hair as he avoided the question in the back of his mind as to what things would be like when his heat was over.
Before he even realized it, he was walking back to their apartment, rambling to Gabriel over the phone.
It was inevitable, Cas thought, to be in love with him.
“I always wanted it to be you,” Dean said. They could hear each other’s’ heartbeats that seemed to be in sync. He could feel Cas’s hot breath puffing onto his face. Dean’s hands snaked around and wove themselves in Cas’s hair. “I always wanted you, I… please, Cas I
He was licking a stripe up Dean’s cock when Dean grabbed him by the hair and flipped them, straddling him before nosing his way down his body. Cas threw his head back as Dean took his cock into his mouth without warning, sinking down and back up before Cas, too, was desperate.
“Cas, I… I didn’t know that’s how you felt, that…” Dean continued to speak quietly, wrapping his arms around himself. “I thought that maybe I had tricked you, that… that I’d used you like I used them, but you’re
Dean polished off his burger and released a low hum, sucking his fingers into his mouth.
time to talk, Amigo.” Cas huffed a wet laugh. “So spill, buddy, tell me what’s on your mind.”
“Wait for the ok, Cas, but… go get him. And tell him the truth about how you feel, ok? I think he needs to hear it”
“You said he got drugged.”
Dean nodded, tiredness from the evening’s waves of emotions and great sex seeping into his bones as his eyes started to droop. Cas pressed a brief kiss to his lips before gently rolling them onto their sides.
Their friends knew about Cas’s feelings, of course. Cas was obvious, even though he tried desperately not to be. More than once Jo or Charlie or even Gabe had made a passing comment or, on rare occasions, encouraged him to make a move. But Cas knew better. Dean was spewing with confidence and could have anyone he wanted; why would he ever choose Cas, his pale, awkward, best friend, who he’d had a million different opportunities to make a move on? No, Dean wasn’t interested, and Cas wasn’t about to ruin their friendship over his infatuation. The little bit that he and Dean could be together was enough for him. It was enough to love him from afar, to do what he could to take care of him and accept only Dean’s thanks and smiles in return. Cas would take what he could get from Dean, and it was enough.
The words snapped Cas out of his daze and he yanked himself back, hands on either side of Dean’s head against the door, panting heavily.
“Heeey, baby,” the voice laughed. “It’s a bit early for you, isn’t it? Are we starting a new routine? My favorite omega slut need a good pounding in between heats?”
They ordered pie, as they always did at the Roadhouse. They awaited its arrival in companionable silence before Cas spoke.
Cas pulled back for a moment to look Dean in the eyes.
When Cas chanced a look at his face, Dean’s heartbreak was staring back. He snapped his eyes to the floor. Fuck.
are you here, Castiel?” Her eyes bore into him.
“Hi, baby” he wrapped his big hands around Dean’s waist. So soft, so warm, god he was so fucking pretty.
Dean pushed his ass up and back, encouraging Cas to move, and Cas slipped his other hand around Deans middle and pulled Dean flush against him, pulling him impossibly closer, deeper. He huffed out a breath as he started to move, taking his time now that Dean was less frantic, long, languid strokes punctuated with a grind against his ass every time he entered fully. Cas was moaning softly under his breath with every thrust, pressing kisses to the back of Dean’s neck as he held his hand.
They both froze. Her eyes widened when she found Cas, plastered nearly naked to Dean’s bedroom door, their whole apartment wreaking of sex and desperation, so strong that even her beta nose could pick it up easily.
Dean didn’t even glance at the food before he was wrapped around Castiel again, pulling him down against him in the sheets.
Cas’s hands landed on his hips and toyed with the waistband of his boxers before they stilled. Dean whined high in the back of his throat.
“You sure? I’m grabbing another,” Dean’s eyebrows raised.
Dean was broken out of his revelry by Cas’s fingers probing at his entrance. Slick pooled around Cas’s long, lithe fingers and Dean heard him let out a shaky breath at the feeling.
Dean’s eyes jerked up from the floor and landed directly on Castiel’s face, aghast. This was not what he was expecting to hear. His eyes were wide, but he didn’t reply, and Cas took the opportunity to continue.
Dean gazed up at him in half-lidded wonder, pliant and limp against the mattress as Cas’s thrusts fucked him steadily upwards, mouth open and smiling.
“I’ll take care of you, Dean” he promised between kisses. “I’ll make you feel good,”
“Dean… fuck… so warm, so tight, god Dean you’ll feel so good, I’ll make you feel so good Dean, my Dean, so beautiful…” his words whispered into his mouth in between Cas’s own breathy moans, Cas who hadn’t even been
“He did.”
There was a stereotype that omegas were basically brain dead during their heats that Cas knew to be false, and the same was true in Dean’s case as well. He was coherent, obviously so, but he wasn’t particularly talkative either. The cloud hanging over their heads, namely-- what would things be like between them when Dean’s heat was over-- that Cas so desperately wanted to discuss, seemed wrong to bring up, wrong to bring the harsh light of reality back to the precious fantasy they’d begun to live in. Cas didn’t want to trouble Dean with the future, and Dean didn’t seem concerned.
Sam turns away from Dean to check her reflection in the mirror, and Dean decides to shrug and fucking roll with it, because what the hell else is he gonna do? They got far bigger fish to fry at the moment.
“You like it?”
These days, they rarely all take the same car anymore. It’s easier to have at least two cars at their disposal, so Cas takes his truck, and Dean takes the Impala and they split on whatever case it is they’re working.
By the time Dean’s 26 he’s got the mirror shit mostly figured out. Yeah, he still doesn’t spend too much time around them unless he can’t help it, but he can recognize his own face in them without having to carefully reconstruct it from its individual pieces again and again. A stupid thing to have to take baby steps about, but for all he knows it’s like this for everyone else.
“I’ve wondered in the past, if… certain things, if they would be easier, if I’d taken a female vessel instead of Jimmy.” Sam can imagine what he might mean. “At the time I chose him based on proximity and how likely he was to say yes, but many people would have been fit to be my vessel, not just Jimmy and Claire.”
“Right.”
Considering it’s been three years of a bare minimum of contact between them since (not for lack of trying from just about everyone else, but they’re both stubborn), Dean feels pretty certain that there’s no fucking way Cas is suddenly okay with his presence now.
Jack smiles. “Lee said I could pick my own name, but I think I still want to be Jack, because that’s the name my mom picked for me.”
He does, though, one day at a time, in bright colors and patterns. For their anniversary, Cas orders him a jacket with custom embroidery on the back. A meadow in spring, a small creek running through tall grass, blue skies, a windmill in the back, like a silent guardian over the peaceful scene. It’s a place Dean would easily recognize anywhere.
Dean snorts. “That’s one way of putting it.”
Chuck wrote him that way, at least, but these days, Dean doesn’t give much of a shit about what Chuck has had to say about his life.
Castiel the Angel would give a clinical answer. He knows the ways in which the molecules of a man fit together, how his soul fits between them. He can name the exact degree in which the ribs of every man on Earth have curved at one point and which ones will die with a rib puncturing their lungs on January 5th 2010. Castiel, messenger and Angel of the Lord, would not admit to having no clue what actually makes a man beyond his atoms and guts and bones.
That had been five years ago. Dean seeks eye contact with Cas, which he answers with a soft smile. Very aware of Mary’s gaze on him, he tears his eyes away quickly. Thankfully she doesn’t ask for more.
So, he’d just carried on as normal. What else was Dean gonna do?
She turns to the side, briefly inspects the table. “I wanted to reach out to you earlier,” she says, voice low. “You and Sammy, I just… you father, he made it pretty clear that I wasn’t welcome back.”
“Wasn’t sure you’d wanna…,” Dean manages to choke out. Separation hasn’t been working well for him, even if he’d been the first to move out of the bunker. He’d also been the last one to actually settle in one place.
Dean makes an affirmative sound. A kind of pained grunt.
Sam nods. “It never seemed right before; I think. Not a whole lot of time to figure myself out on the road.”
If Dean had hoped he could ease into coming out to his mother more than he had been able to with John he was, honestly, kidding himself.
Dean can't quite get himself to meet her eyes when they separate again. He’d known what to expect, at least in parts, after a handful of awkward mails and two terse phone calls. But seeing Mary for the first time, he realizes, is a whole different beast to wrestle. More of a bear than the lion he’d expected. There’s a bitterness bubbling up inside him, like he has any right to a woman who left him 30 years ago.
Next to him, Mary is silent for a long time. “You know, I'll always love you,” she says eventually, and suddenly Mary sounds like his Mom. When he looks at her, he sees Mary again.
“Anna would have been better at explaining it,” Cas sounds almost sorry for being unable to describe… understanding emotions. “She had a way with words. We talked about… humanity, though not long.”
That’s… far from what Castiel had been expecting, and he has to let the question sink in. “Not in a long time,” he says eventually, thinking back on his own confused jealousy at the open affection between Dean and every woman he’d ever desired. Jealousy was a sin, and it had, perhaps, been one of Castiel’s first ones.
Cas’s relief is palpable. “Okay.”
Dean suddenly realizes he’s going to have to put his thoughts into words to communicate them. So, instead, he freezes.
Jack nods, and a smile grows on his face. “Thank you, dad.”
“We should take a detour,” Cas decides, then. “To find you a new jacket.”
A week later, Dean finds himself thrifting in a basement somewhere in Kansas City. The place smells mostly like the shit they used to clean the clothes, a kind of heavy and sweet scent that makes him dizzy in some corners, but it feels much more comfortable, looking for clothing here, than it did in polished white stores.
Cas hums, either in agreement or because he’s mildly pissed, now that he’s less busy taking care that Dean doesn’t fall apart. “I won’t take the choice from you, Dean,” he says eventually, into the silence between them. “Even if I don’t understand it.”
, that is what humanity made of it. An error in translation.” He leans his head so his cheek rests on Dean’s shoulder. “And later an error in communication. I didn’t understand it, gender. Couldn’t have, really, at least not then.”
“We were accompanying a friend,” Cas says eventually, once he realizes Dean isn’t going to verbally backpedal. “She found… different company, a lot faster than expected.”
Nobody wants to stay with a guy who pointed a gun at your kid, or told him he’s not part of the family. Dean’s had enough years to think through the things he’s said to, and about, Jack, and he knows how he acted. Straight from the John Winchester school of parenting. Worse, even. At least John never pointed a gun at him or Sam.
“Yeah.” The wave of adrenaline that had made Dean stop his car and jump out to go shopping for clothes has abated a couple minutes ago.
“Are you a woman?” It’s the first question that comes to mind. The thought makes Sam feel… vaguely like something is attempting to rip out of her.
"How'd you two meet?" Mary asks, ignoring the awkward lull in the conversation she’d managed to create with her own silence.
Dean takes a deep breath, gives it a moment to lay the words out in his head before saying them. Sam would be gloating, he knows that, if he knew, because it’s yet another nail in the coffin in the grave that John Winchester will likely spin in for all eternity.
“So, you gonna hit the club?” It’s meant to come off as a brotherly dig, but Deans gonna lose his fucking mind if he has to deal with his soulless sister going off to party. What does he even do if she does? Does he fucking supervise? Whose safety is he concerned about here, because he knows Sam’s extremely good at taking care of herself. Now more than ever.
Sam laughs, but it’s more relief at Dean dropping the topic. “I’ll tell her. Thank you, Dean.”
They part with her telling him he can still call her Mom if it’s easier, and Dean realizes he doesn’t know if he means it.
As always Cas nails him with one sentence, and Dean has to look away, fiddle absent-mindedly with one of the bracelets around his wrist. “Yeah, well.” Not much else to say there, really. “Still feels stupid, being scared of your own Mom.”
Jack nods, slowly. “Yeah, they’re nonbinary. They said they don’t really understand gender, so they’re not a man or woman.”
“She reminded me of you.” Cas’ look disarms Dean more than his words do. He seems impossibly fond, in the way only someone who’s seen Dean at his worst and chose him anyways could be. It’s almost too much, but Dean is by now familiar enough with Cas’ love to not want to shy away from it.
“I feel… a lot of things, Sam,” Cas says, and he sounds like he’s smiling, but Sam’s not her brother and she’s not turning around in her fucking seat to stare at the angel next to her. “But most of them, I’ve been feeling for years. Humanity only gave me the context I needed for them.”
Mary stares at him, eyes open wide. Then she presses her lips into a thin line and nods. “He saw me… with another woman.”
They end up buying none of it.
Cas gives her a look that Sam doesn’t really know what to do with. If this is anywhere near what Dean feels like, being stared at by Cas (it’s not, not really, but Sam likes to pretend sometimes, to make it easier for Dean to pretend like there’s nothing different about him and Cas), if it’s anything close to that, Sam suddenly understands a whole lot about how people have historically reacted to being seen by angels. Be not a-fucking-fraid indeed. “I understand a lot of things I didn’t before,” is what Cas says, eventually, with the delicate phrasing of someone who has thought about his answer a great deal, “when Anna Fell, she… talked about wanting to experience human emotions.”
“I don’t know why I don’t wanna tell her about us,” Dean says eventually, when they’re both lying in bed in the dark. “You know it’s not-- it’s not you. I just--”, he cuts himself off, and groans in frustration.
Dean wonders how many more times he’s going to have to look at alternate versions of himself. He looks older, in 2014, and he can appreciate some of the changes, at least aesthetically. Wondering about how he gets his hands on hormones in the fucking end times is a question for another day, though. And his appearance is the only thing he can appreciate about this twisted mirror.
Sam just sort of stares at him, which makes Dean shift.
So, yeah, Dean knows why Cas had saved the whole confession thing until last.
Sam goes very quiet for a very long moment. “Dean, I’m a girl.”
This time Mary does reach to give his hand a squeeze, as close to a hug as they’ll get today. “I mean it,” she tells him, softly. “I love you, we’re family.”
One that’s not a costume at least.
“Wanna get outta here?” Dean asks instead of doing any of that, one eyebrow cocked suggestively. “I don’t think Charlie’s coming home tonight.”
The shifting sound of his coat implies a shrug. “We are all still unique beings, Sam. And I still don’t know if I understand it. Gender. It seems silly, sometimes, especially…”
“Makes… sense?”
Shooting a mirror had felt cathartic. He could do it again.
“Yes. We talked about it, I know you’ve been looking.”
“It would, wouldn’t it?” The smile on Cas’ face isn’t visible, but Sam can hear it.
Cas turns from the clothes rack and gives Dean one of his looks. The one that seems to tell him that eternal angelic patience is not enough to get him to dig for what Dean is trying to say.
There’s a long stretch of silence before Dean decides to let Sam win just for the hell of it. “I think there’s a Biggerson’s coming up, you wanna get lunch?”
Dean Winchester is still an expert on how to build a Man, but he knows that the man is no longer who he is. He knows how to take that man apart now, too, and what the person underneath looks like.
The local mall isn’t really the place for armorsmithing, though, a solitary (and small) H&M between a store selling dress shirts and ties and one selling what appear to be mostly clothing for women who enjoy dark blue very much. Dean can’t see himself in a dress shirt every day, the fed suits are more than enough, and women’s clothing feels like he’s gazing up the entirety of Mt. Everest while someone’s yelling at him to start fucking climbing already.
Yahtzee. “Shit like what?”
Jack nods, slow and measured. “I was thinking, there’s so many genders and sexualities and I’m only two years old, it makes sense I won’t get it. So, it makes sense I don’t have any of that yet, you know?”
Thankfully, Sam shakes her head. “I was just curious. I always wanted to try, it seemed like the right time.”
Yeah, there’s been the whole deathbed confession but come on, the thing with saving anything for the moment you’re literally dying is that you don’t have to live with the consequences of your actions.
“Don’t,” he hisses into the phone. “Just. Don’t. Don’t act like we’re kids who just gotta make up, Sam, it’s not that fucking easy.” Dean grimaces at his own tone.
Cas narrows his eyes, because Dean did get a little bit dressed up. Not enough to warrant getting grilled by his mother about it. Jesus fucking christ.
“Course we would’ve wanted you.” Dean feels like a little kid again, like he’s reassuring his parents after yet another argument, like he’s consoling his father after he’d drowned himself in a bottle, like he’s telling Sammy that everything’ll be alright. His voice sounds so much smaller than he feels. “You’re our Mom.”
Dean's memories of Mary Winchester are hazy. He remembers golden blonde hair, white nightgowns, the smell of pie and the sunlit kitchen of his childhood home.
With a small grunt, Dean slides further towards the wall in his booth, then gestures wordlessly at the empty space as an offer to Mary.
“Makes sense you wouldn’t get it then.” God, she wishes she didn’t.
“An exhausting number of them.” Castiel sounds aggrieved by the entire thing. “But that was nothing new.”
Dean doesn’t say that he doesn’t know that. He doesn’t ask her how he could know that, when she’s been away for as long as she has, when she didn’t even reach out until John had been in the ground for years and her children had already picked up most of the wrecks he’d left as well as they could. He doesn't tell her about rehab and therapy, about learning to cook as a ten year-old, because Dad wasn't home and they'd run out of things they could eat uncooked.
“What do you mean, Cas is staying with me?” Dean asks Sam incredulously. He’d been clearing out the trash and his upbeat work playlist is still blaring until he hits Stop on the ancient tape deck he’d rescued from a garage sale.
Sam realizes she and Cas barely spend any time alone together. She now knows it’s at least partially thanks to the fucking Gadreel mess, but even before then… Cas tended to stick with Dean. Being alone with him for what may be the first time in ages was… weird, especially since this time didn’t involve any vague hostility from Cas.
IV.              2019
He still hates mirrors, at least for now, but for the first time, Dean has time to work on it.
Dean’s always been more comfortable talking in idioms. “What would you want to wear instead?”
“I was being nice.”
In a Dream he sees a weird nightmare version of himself. Nightmare-Dean tells him the exact kind of shit Dean didn’t need to hear. Dean sees a version of himself with black eyes, blood splattered around his face, and for once he doesn’t need longer than a split second to recognize himself. Maybe it’s easier, looking into the future.
Even at the time, Dean hadn’t really felt like a kid.
III.             2014
Dean was ready to protest, but Cas' answer, somehow, takes his breath away. “Oh,” he manages eventually, sounding hoarse.
He throws himself onto the couch with a groan. “I don’t know if this went well,” he mumbles into the pillow his face has planted onto.
Cas grins and slips lower, far enough to dip inside of Dean. He’s wet and warm, like life often is. “It might be like glimpsing at an angels true form. Perhaps it would kill me, to touch you like that again.”
Dean’s been mostly pensive, but eventually he seems to muster up the courage to say what’s been on his mind. “Cas you ever wonder what it’d be like if you were a woman?”
Dean is six years old when he first looks into a mirror and doesn’t recognize the person looking back at him. Maybe he was even younger, then, but the first years of his life, the first few years after his mother’s death are a strange amalgam of half-formed memories and ideas.
“Dad sent her away,” he grits out eventually. “He, uh. Saw her. With a woman.”
“I was in no position to try for custody-- I’m not sure what he told you but--”
“Like, calling me a girl as an insult.”
Sam looks up from the book in his lap and gives Dean a look. “A book.”
“You know what Dad was like,” he tells the virgin strawberry colada Cas is drinking.
Dean laughs, breathlessly. “Love your dirty talk, honey.”
“Dean--”, Sam starts, clearly exhausted by both of their bullshit. Dean’s self-aware enough to know that it is bullshit, but that doesn’t mean he wants to deal with it, especially at his baby brother’s wedding, for fuck’s sake.
Once he’s back, there’s mirrors again, which makes it harder to ignore the face that looks back at him.
Their hug is stiff, and awkward, but it's a hug all the same. Mary doesn't smell like home, she smells like smoke and motor oil. She smells like work.
The thing is, Dean has been building a man his entire life, but now he is no longer sure if that’s because he wanted to be a man, or because he wanted, desperately, to look like one. He’s not really sure what the difference is, between the two, which ones the tomato and which ones the tomato. He does know that he’s been wearing armor that his father gave him, and that he’s now 42 fucking years old and maybe it’s time to at least build a set of armor for himself.
Sam makes a sound that tries very hard not to be a sigh. “Thanks, Dean,” he says eventually. “You know, if you need any help--”
Of course he had to ruin that by getting possessed by Michael first thing, but it’s the thought that counts.
Cas scrunches up his face slightly and lifts the jacket he’d picked out to hold it against Dean’s frame. It’s just denim, not really anything special. Cheap shit, too, the kind Dean just knows will fall apart quicker than is worth the money. “It was the first clothing store we came across,” he points out helpfully after having scrutinized the jacket enough to put it back with the others.
He continues to lean against Cas’s shoulder for a few more minutes, before remembering his phone. He tries to explain TikTok dances to Castiel for a few minutes before giving up and plugging in his headphones to keep watching them.
“I know, I know.” Dean throws himself onto the leather couch, his legs draped over one of the armrests. He does know that Sam would’ve wanted to be there, but his brother’s still stranded in the UK working on his latest research topic, something on celtic mythology, which means a lot of travelling between different universities because obscure historical subjects are obviously less than stellar at digitizing their archives. “You’ll meet her when you’re back.”
What Dean discovers, not in this changing room, but in the many that are to follow, is that he perhaps wants to stop building a man entirely. That the armor he’d built around himself had always been an empty shell, though one that isn’t easy to drop.
“You haven’t worn that jacket in years.” Not since the apocalypse.
“Fine.” Dean turns to stare down the completely fucking deserted road again. There’s been nothing but corn for the past hour, and before that it’d been wheat. When they get really lucky, there’s some cows to mix things up between fields. “Why d’you always gotta be such a girl about this shit.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean murmurs after a moment, then gestures for Cas to get up again, kisses him long and deep, a pleased hum in his throat. “You should talk disembowelment to me more often.”
“She left,” Dean manages to say, eventually. “I know Dad didn’t give her a choice, I know she was scared but she still… she still left. She was our Mom, and…” He leans against the hallway wall, lets himself sink to the floor, all the better to rest his face in his hands and his arms on his knees.
“You shouldn’t say shit like that.”
“Angels don’t have a concept of gender,” Cas says, softly, like he’s explained this many times. “Neither has... divinity itself, I suppose. Few gods ascribe to western ideas of gender the way society does, these days. Prophecy... never called for a
Dean hadn’t expected the call from Sammy about the wedding. He had expected an invitation, hell, he’d already been looking at flights, because he loves the kid but Sam’s the kind of person to get spontaneously hitched without warning halfway across the country.
One moment they had been in Bobby’s living room, looking for a potential case, and the next moment Dean had snapped his laptop shut and declared they were all going out because it was “tradition”.  Castiel had followed Dean and Sam into the Impala, not wanting to upset any hunting routines the brothers had established.
Cas rolled his eyes playfully but took the items from Dean’s hand, their fingers brushing as he did so.
“Hey Cas,” Dean responds, with a soft, lazy smile. “We really need to teach you about pajamas man, especially if you’re going to sleep in my bed.”
“Thanks for leaving us a note,” Dean says to John, not in the mood to be polite. Sam shoots him a look, but Dean just ignores it.
“When I prayed to you, I wanted you to be able to come here. If you wanted to…” Dean trails off.
Dean shrugs. “We’ve all done things we aren’t proud of, to do what we thought was right at the time. Cas knows what he did wrong, and we’ve moved past it. Besides, it’s not like you’d ever be friends with him anyway.”
“So, what do you do to stay busy – you know chillin’ in the Batcave all day long?” Charlie asks.
“I know,” she interrupts, “Winchester doom and gloom. Yada yada yada. Got it. Now, I hate to interrupt the lovely couple but, Kevin and I made breakfast, and Sam hit a break on the case.”
.  Dean looked at his picture.  He looked bored.  That wasn’t right.  Dean tried again, but he looked even more confused in the second picture.  Damn.  How did everyone take freakin’ selfies all the time?  Dean turned the camera on himself one more time.  He looked into the lens, and tried to imagine he was looking into Castiel’s eyes.  He tried to convey how he was feeling - glad to see his friend again after being apart from him for so long.
There was a sharp knock on the door that shook Dean out of his thoughts. In walked a man who was not his ordinary doctor. Instead, this doctor was about Dean’s age, with an athletic build and slightly tanned skin. He also had some of the craziest bed head that Dean had ever seen, but instead of looking sloppy, it looked purposefully done. Dean wondered if it would feel soft or stiff if he were to run his fingers through it. Dean caught himself staring, but luckily the doctor was engrossed in his chart, so he didn’t notice.
[message received 5:30 pm]
“We could change that,” Castiel replied, his voice in a lower register than it had been all day.
I have written a second chapter, and an outline for a third, if people want them. This chapter is just a drabble, and based on the comments I get I will decide if I am going to continue posting or not. Thanks!
“Yes Dean?” Cas asked, stopping his rambling mid-sentence.
“I know you’re not big on Cas, but you need to understand that he’s not going anywhere. He has been there for me, and Sammy, time and again. He pulled me out of Hell – literally. He rebelled against Heaven. He fought his own brothers for us. He’s even died for us a time or two. He is important dad. He’s family.”
She opened her mouth to answer, and it came out as Celine Dion.
[message sent 9:27 pm]
“Yes.”
Castiel understood that Dean didn’t want to hear a lecture about destiny or the brother’s roles in the Apocalypse. He sidestepped the latter questions, and tried to offer something that he thought would give Dean comfort instead.
Dean didn’t even hesitate to text back,
Dean drew in a breath to hide his groan as he complied. He felt a warm but rubbery hand on one cheek, spreading him open.
“I would like that Dean.”
Dean nods, short and tight, not trusting his voice at the moment. Cas wobbles again, but then seems to find his footing. Dean slowly removes his hands to see if the angel can stand on his own. He looks more stable, but Dean doesn’t trust it to last too long.
That night quickly became one of Dean’s favorite Christmases, even though Dean and Cas most definitely did not cuddle together under a blanket in front of a twinkling Christmas tree. Dean was a manly man after all, and adverse to such things. Besides, no one on the planet could prove otherwise. And if Dean stuck a bough of mistletoe onto the doorway of his bedroom, no one would know anything about that either.
“A lightning storm? That’s it? So we’d better watch out the next time it rains, or we’ll be surrounded by all our cousins?”
“You’ll make it another thirty at least, I can tell.”
Dean gestured and watched Cas’ expression as he turned to look at the carvings of his and Jack’s names next to the other Wincesters. There was a look of joy and wonder in those blue eyes that made Dean’s heart soar.
The thought of Cas being sick or hurt, makes Dean’s stomach clench. He already wants to beat Crowley for what he did to Cas. He can almost feel what it would be like to have his knuckles connect with that smarmy bastard’s face, and the joy he would get from beating the demon. Outside of the fantasy, Dean uses his hands for comfort instead of violence, by stroking Castiel’s cheek. The angel starts to stir.
So, to save his sanity and his brother’s love life, Sam knew he had to be the one to make something happen.
Castiel focuses his intense blue eyes – no, correction, Jimmy’s eyes – on Dean.  Dean feels his stomach roll over.  He just had sex, with an angel, inside a man’s body.
“You did take care of my baby,” John comments. Dean isn’t sure if he’s referring to the Impala, or maybe Sam, and he doesn’t ask.
“Sam, I think I might be bisexual,” said Dean.
[message sent 6:00 pm]
“Mr. Winchester?” the doctor asked, looking at the clipboard in his hands.
Cas stared at the clothes hangers for a moment as though he wanted to smite them, but snatched them out of Dean’s hands and went into the changing room. Tinny pop music blasted out of the department store speakers, offending Dean’s eardrums.
The shirt slipped down to the stage floor, leaving the dancer in iridescent blue booty shorts and a matching tube top.  She shimmied her shoulders in Dean’s direction, and he felt like he was the only one in the room.  The dancer winked, before turning to lift herself onto the pole.  It was a complicate routine, but she made it look effortless.  She twirled and swung around the pole, a display of dance and of strength.  Dean was caught staring at the defined muscles of her shoulders and her strong thighs that were able to hold her upside down by her legs alone.
“You can fix that now, if you want.”
Dean huffed, sounding something like a laugh, and looked down at the floor. Sam thought he might have seen tears in the corners of his eyes, but didn’t comment on them for fear of Dean running away from the conversation.
[message sent 9:32 pm]
Dean feels like his life has been a series of “just one more”. Just one more monster to kill. Just one more state to drive across searching for their dad, for Yellow Eyes, for Lucifer and the other monster dicks. Just one more Apocalypse to stop. One more demi-god to face. One more child to try and save. One more family member who left him too soon. Until Dean can’t handle it anymore.
“When we were little, I told Sammy it was a ‘W’ for Winchester. He believed me too. Believed anything his big brother told him,” Dean trailed off, a wistful look in his eyes. Castiel wisely said nothing, so he wouldn’t disrupt Dean sharing whatever he needed to get off his chest.
Dean cocked his eyebrow as he hit the download button, and waited for the image to open.  When it finally loaded he was looking at about half of Castiel’s face in the frame, and it was out of focus.  The text underneath read:
“I have a feeling there are quite a few stories I missed,” John responds dryly.
Dean and Sam have just left Colorado, after meeting Metatron, the scribe of God. He wasn’t what the brothers had been expecting, but he was able to rescue Kevin Tran from Crowley. Both Metatron and Kevin then revealed what the third and final trial is: To cure a demon.
Dean doesn’t mind it as much as thought he would.
“But I always thought you would eventually end up married to a nice woman, Dean. Have a couple of kids, and get out of this life of being a hunter.”
“It’s sweet to have someone who cares about you. You remind me of my parents,” said the waiter, as he turned to go collect Dean’s new drink.
Dean can feel a small smile pulling at the corner of his mouth. The angel is always full of surprises. Dean draws in a breath to playfully lecture Cas about stealing another man’s caffeine, but is derailed when both Sam and his cell phones ring at the same time. They look at each other before answering.
“Fine,” Dean grumbled, like he wasn’t secretly pleased, “I’ll make the dinner but you’re doing all the decorating!”
“Gross dude,” Sam commented.
“Dean,” John rasps, “You have to save Sammy.”
When the universe decides to throw Dean Winchester a curve ball, it doesn’t hold back. Not only was the last trial a failure, leaving the gates of Hell open, but Sam is hurting from all that he had to go through. He is sick and broken, sleeping nearly all day long, and still trying to convince Dean that he’s fine. No doctors or medicine can heal the trauma that Sam went through, and the real bitch of it is, it all turned out to be for nothing. They weren’t able to close off Hell, so all the time and effort spent on the trials had been a waste.
“Aww, come ‘ere angel,” Dean said, pulling Cas onto his lap, “You know you’re the only one for me.”
Dean felt a gloved finger slip inside of him. It wasn’t painful, but it felt odd. His instinct was to push back out against it.
“I’m not the one who picked a crappy Celine Dion song, Sam.”
Bumped up the rating because in this chapter Dean goes to a strip club and gets turned on (naughty boy!) but it’s nothing too graphic.
Dean breaths heavily, but it feels like he isn’t getting any oxygen again. It feels like there is a hand on his throat, squeezing the life from him. Only this time he knows it’s all in his mind.
“Go take a shower, while I make some coffee," Sam said wrinkling his nose, "We can take it on the road with us.  I’ll drive.”
Dean looks back to the fight to see his dad and Azrael circling each other. John has gotten in at least one hit, because there is a bleeding gash on Azrael’s face. Azrael growls at John, a guttural battle cry, as he lunges at John. John sidesteps just in time, and uses Azrael’s momentum to drive Castiel’s angel blade into his chest. Azrael’s body contorts around the blade, and Dean would scream with joy if his throat weren’t burning with pain. They actually won.
Dean started to get a little bored.  He kept clicking his phone screen on again, to make sure he hadn’t missed a notification.  Nothing.
The comment made the doctor look up, a smirk playing at the corner of his mouth. Dean was drawn to that smile, and the lips shaped in a soft cupid’s bow.
“Nothing yet,” Sam says, sounding disappointed, “I couldn’t even tell you which culture it’s from. I only wish we knew if there were more of these in Lawrence anywhere.”
Dean comes dangerously close to having cider come out his nose when Cas tells them the real version of the first Christmas. It seemed that there had been a mix-up, and the Wise Men had gone to the wrong manger at first. In retrospect, it could have been much worse given that someone had thought it was a good idea to put Gabriel in charge as Herald.
“Yeah, of course!” she replies, just a little bit too cheery, “You know me. Can’t keep a good woman down!”
[message received 1:20 am]
Cas tilted his head slightly, and looked at Dean, silently asking for more information.  Dean sighed.
“How soon can you get here?”
“More often than you’d think,” Sam replies, following Dean and Castiel down the hall.
He pushes back from the table, and heads to his room. Sam can sort their dad out with a place to sleep. If Dean talks to the man any longer, he might not be able to control what comes out of his mouth. He spent his whole life being loyal to the man, becoming the good soldier his father always wanted him to be. He took care of Sammy, and gave up on a normal life to hunt monsters. What more does John want?
With the exception of Dean Winchester.
Dean’s head pounds as he remembers the bathroom, and the feeling of wanting to see Cas naked. And that night in the bar, when he practically chased that woman away to have Cas all to himself. And those are only the most recent memories. There are hundreds of other moments over the years – long stares, stolen looks, and words unspoken.
Of course, that’s not shitty enough for Winchester luck. About two weeks after the failed attempt to convert Crowley, Castiel showed up at their door, battered and barely able to stand. Dean had just been able to ask, “Where the hell have you been?” before Castiel fainted on the threshold. Then Dean had a damaged angel on his hands, on top of caring for a sick brother.
Cas’ eyes briefly flick to Dean’s in the mirror, but he quickly gives John his full attention.
“Hey, nice work taking down Azrael man. It’s a good thing you didn’t have to give up the angel tablet. We don’t need those dicks having control of it.”
The clerk handed over the candy and soda quickly while another turned to get their popcorn and Dean nodded when they asked if he wanted butter.
“I know. And I accept you for who you are,” Sam said, giving his brother a warm smile and a pat on the shoulder.
Dean doesn’t comment, only smiles slightly as he helps Cas out of the dress shirt, leaving him in the t-shirt underneath. Then Dean steps back from the bed, removing his own shoes and socks to make his point about them both being comfortable. He undoes his jeans and lets them fall to the floor, Cas watching his movements all the while.
Dr. Novak chuckled. “Yes, my parents were definitely unique individuals. Now, let’s check your reflexes.”
going to use this for blackmail later,” Charlie croons.
“I trust you, Dean. I’ll learn to deal with it.”
[message received 10:01 pm]
“I need a drink,” Dean says, heading for the kitchen.
Dean rubbed at the pinched muscle in his neck and blinked up at Cas. Most of the lights were off in the Bunker except the few desk lamps in the library, bathing the room in soft orange light and deep gray shadows. It made Cas look more ethereal and reminded him of that moment in Bobby’s kitchen years ago when Cas had been a soldier of Heaven.
?” Dean spits out.
“Damn it Sam, you can’t do this to me now. Cas, come check on Sammy, he’s not waking up.”
Sam has known how Dean feels about Castiel for years. He has watched his older brother make sad, lovesick eyes at his angel for what feels like decades. Sam has been there for nearly every major event involving the two of them, and he has seen the way they look at each other. And after all this time, even with Sam’s enormous capacity for thought processes and logic, even he cannot figure out why the two of them are not together.
[message received 9:15 pm]
Dean didn’t respond to Castiel’s picture message, which he felt bad about, since he usually replied as soon as he got the texts.  Dean had no idea what to say that wouldn’t make things awkward.  There were few things that he could say to Cas that would do the picture justice.  Castiel’s wings were such a mysterious part of the angel.  He had known Castiel for years and Dean had almost started to think of him as human.  The picture was proof that Castiel was not human, and on top of that, Dean felt his face heat up everytime he thought about staring at that picture of Cas while he was aroused.  It was all so confusing.
[message received 12:15 pm]
[message received 1:36 am]
“I thought you knew all the constellations,” Dean replied, finally turning to look at him.
“Everything okay?” asked the sales associate, who had appeared while Dean’s brain was on vacation.
Dean can practically hear Charlie’s relieved smile on the other end of the phone.
Dean gives his father a disbelieving look, raising one eyebrow. “What?”
When the waiter from last time comes around to ask if they need anything, Dean puts his arm around Cas’ shoulder and smiles at the waiter with pride in his expression.
Then he stepped closer to Cas and said in a lower voice, “She’s not gonna leave you alone, so why don’t you head out to the Impala and I’ll finish the interview. I’ll just tell her you had to check in with our boss.”
“Deal,” Sam said, grinning at his victory.
[message sent 9:52 pm]
Dean opened his phone, to a picture of a wide, clear field featuring a sign that read “Welcome to Kansas.” The text from Cas read:
“Don’t you boys ever learn?” a gruff voice asks from behind them.
Turns out, Cas isn’t in bad shape. His chest is naturally smooth, and his muscles are well defined. Dean finds his gaze wandering lower and lower without his permission. He wants to make a wiseass remark about whether or not angels are junkless, but the joke sticks in his throat. The situation isn’t funny. Standing alone in the bathroom with Cas, with one of them almost naked, the air is charged with something else besides humor. Dean can feel his heartbeat speed up, and he licks his lips to wet them, chewing on his bottom lip. They are standing on the edge of something, and Dean feels like he’s about to tip over into the abyss. Then he sees Cas fidgeting under his stare, and it hits him. He is not ready for this. Dean mumbles something indecipherable under his breath, and flees the bathroom.
As with last chapter, I am posting without a beta.  So let me know if you see any mistakes.  Or you know, if you’d like to be my beta.
“Looks clear Sammy. Maybe we finally got lucky for once,” Dean says.
“Well, good to hear it man. Glad I could help,” Dean responds.
“Shit, I can’t even have Castiel as a friend, without it causing a fight,” Dean remarks. He turns to see Sam giving him one of the saddest puppy dog looks ever. Yeah, he is definitely not drunk enough to deal with Sam when he’s like this.
At the mention of angels, John tenses up again. “Really, Dean? Out of all the people you could choose to have in your life, why him?”
Despite his lungs filling with blood instead of air, Dean tries to warn his father, but it’s too late. The next few minutes happen so fast, with the lack of oxygen to his brain making everything spin, Dean almost has trouble following exactly what happens.
“Where are we going?” John asks.
“Dean,” Cas huffs, “I really don’t see the point of this.”
“It’s nothing dad. Cas is just
“Yes, Dean,” Cas growled in return.
Or so he thinks.
“Charlie,” Dean sighs, slipping into his authoritative voice.
Castiel also knows that Dean has freckles in some interesting places. Castiel knows this because he knows every single part of Dean’s body intimately. Though he has never told the hunter this, it was Castiel who pieced his body together after he pulled him from Hell.
“I can see it was the right choice to give her to you. I always knew you had a soft spot for this car.”
“Lift up your gown for me Dean,” Castiel said, interrupting his thoughts.
Sam gives him one of his best bitchfaces at that comment. He can tell Dean is avoiding Cas, but says nothing. He returns with Cas, hours later, arms loaded with shopping bags of clothes. He still doesn’t say anything to Dean when they get home, but just starts showing Cas how the washing machine works.
angel.” Nope. His brain had chosen to go with M-Y. Capital letters. Castiel: an Angel of the Lord, belonging to one Dean Winchester.
“Have you ever achieved orgasm through prostate stimulation?” Dr. Novak asked, but his voice was low and whispered into Dean’s ear.
“Hey Cas, thanks again for healing Sammy. And helping our dad. I know you would have saved them both if you could,” Dean says.
Dean finally looks at his brother, and is surprised to see Sammy almost shaking with emotion. It’s been awhile since he’s seen his brother so worked up over anything. Dean doesn’t know if Sam expects him to respond, but he doesn’t know what he would say anyway. His brother has it all wrong. Cas is just his friend.
“As Dean gives this ring to Castiel, he has some vows which he himself as written,” the judge said, “Dean, you may proceed.”
Dean nods. “I’ll get all the gear packed and loaded. We leave in half an hour.”
“So you’re saying someday Chuck will be remembered and we won’t?”
Castiel decided he could get on-board with Saint Patrick’s Day after all.
“But you made me watch this one already. So why are we here?”
“Certainly brother,” Azrael sneers, “Just hand over the angel tablet, and the Winchester’s father, and I will allow you all to live.”
Dean could feel the effect it was having on him, about a second before it actually happened.  His legs shifted underneath the covers, which brought the sheets rubbing against his erection.  Dean gasped in surprise, not realizing how turned on he was until that moment.  Sam snorted in his sleep and turned over.  Dean swore under his breath and slunk into the bathroom to pull himself together.
“More like forgiveness at this point,” Dean grumbles.
“Then why has it turned a green color?  Isn’t that usually a portent that a food or beverage has spoiled?”
Sam knows his big brother better than anyone and doesn’t push the issue with Cas. He just lets Dean carry out his current mission: Operation Winchester Christmas.
“Very good, Dean,” Castiel praised him. Dean liked the sound of those words directed at him, and was already wondering how to make it happen again.
hangs between them. “Also had to rebuild her once after a swarm of demons rolled her over. That was back when Castiel was making a deal with the King of Hell.”
“So, check this out,” Sam says, as he scrolls through a website. “I wasn’t having much luck identifying the symbol. We really need to work on a better reference library for those by the way, preferably digital –“
Sam decided it would have to be a spell that causes them to act upon their feelings. Because there is no amount of magic, even from the most powerful witch, that would ever have Dean Winchester confessing how he feels in words. Dean is so insecure with himself, he won’t risk saying anything to Castiel, until he knows the sentiment is returned.
“Don’t worry,” said a thin voice from beside Dean, and when he turned to look there was a lady who only reached his elbow, with grey curly hair, looking up at him.
When Dean opened the pictures, most of the time it was scenery.  He would get stills of mountains, or rivers, or a peaceful looking park.  Sometimes Cas would be standing in, or partially in the frame, giving the camera a stern look like he was going to smite it instead of take selfies with it.  It made Dean chuckle every time, to see the angel coping with technology.
Dean slides out of the borrowed car, crossing the street to the house, softly gliding a hand over his Baby’s bumper as he walks past. Sam and Dean come to stand by their father on the porch. Cas remains on the sidewalk below, scanning the neighborhood for any signs of trouble.
“Lucky for me,” Dean flirted in response, which earned him a raised eyebrow from the new doctor.
Cas strode off down the aisle to find their purchase. Dean stood there, shaking his head, knowing that whatever Cas brought back they were going to spend the day building it and that Dean wouldn’t leave him to do it alone.
“Dean, I’m bisexual,” Sam said, breaking up Dean’s mental pity party.
He awoke with a snort and then immediately groaned at the position his neck had been in. Turns out passing out on top of the table hadn’t been a good decision.
Cas ignores Dean’s accusation. “There were no other symbols in Lawrence that I could see,” he says.
“You’re wrong, dad. You’re the one who didn’t give us a chance at a normal life. You threw it all away to turn your kids into mercenaries and drag them around the country!” Dean snaps, surprising not only himself, but everyone else with the ferocity of his response. “And just for the record dad, Cas has been there for us more in the past four years than you ever were for us the whole time we were growing up.”
“I think that can be arranged,” Cas replied, as he started unbuttoning his shirt.
smiles, and goes out to the Impala to bring in all the decorations he bought that afternoon.
Castiel sat on a low stool and wheeled over to sit in front of Dean’s legs. This put Castiel’s head practically in Dean’s lap, and he couldn’t help the thoughts that ran through his head with that position in mind. Dean was well on his way to imagining an excellent blow job fantasy, when Castiel set a warm hand on Dean’s knee. Dean felt a small shiver run through his body at the contact.
Cas arches one eyebrow in his direction, and Dean quiets down.  He gives Cas a simple nod, and the angel closes his eyes, and becomes perfectly still.  Dean tries to relax beside him, wondering of all the stupid things he’s ever done, where this one would rank on the list.
Dean chuckles softly. “Sure thing Cas.”
John looks at his eldest son, and smiles slightly. Then his eyes scan the rest of the room, the other occupants on the couch, and finally on the sight of another man curled up asleep on his son’s shoulder. He doesn’t say anything, but Dean can see the emotions flit across his father’s face – confusion, awareness, and then disappointment. Dean’s instincts to impress his father, to be a good son and to obey, flare up inside of him after being dormant for so long. He actually feels embarrassment at being found like this, and struggles for words to explain what his father is seeing.
“I’m sure there’s no reason to keep you around. I’ll tell Michael you said hello when he arrives to possess your father.”
“Why couldn’t Sammy and I just have a normal life? Why did it have to be us Cas?”
Dean knew he liked women. But he had always been a little curious about men, although he had never tried anything. And dreams about Doctor Sexy or Harrison Ford (or okay a couple times Cas - but he wasn’t telling anyone that) didn’t count. Looking at all the evidence now, it did make sense how Sam would see him as bisexual.
The accusation in his father’s voice, on top of dealing with this situation in the middle of the trials, is too much. Dean breaks. All of the frustration and anger he has felt over the past twenty-four hours comes bubbling out of him.
“Cas won’t get out of bed again. Why don’t you go talk to him Sam?”
“Cas, look at me.”
“Middle, back row, I know,” Cas interrupted, already moving toward the theatre.
Azrael turns to John, eyes cold and unflinching. He sneers at the human before him. “You will say yes, because it’s the only way to save your sons,” Azrael says.
Dean had made a face at his mother, scrunching up his little nose in childlike disgust. Kisses were gross. Kisses meant cooties. Mary had laughed, as she bent over to plant a juicy kiss on his cheek, her large pregnant belly bumping into him.
Dean, once again, breathes in the sweet oxygen that floods into his lungs. He doesn’t think he’ll take breathing for granted ever again. It definitely feels like he bruised a few ribs, but he knows he’ll be okay. He just needs his family to be okay too. He gets up on hands and knees, and crawls over to Sam, because he is the closest. Sam is breathing, which is a good sign.
Dean smiled as he typed back:
“Thanks Dean! This means a lot to me, really. And I’m just down the road. Should be there in half an hour.”
John gives Charlie a puzzled look, mouth comically hanging open. Dean has to fight back a laugh, and chooses to start shoveling eggs in his mouth instead of trying to get involved.
“What’s the matter Cas?  Don’t you like the color green?”
“Dean, you should go to your own room and get some rest.”
Dean doesn’t miss the sharp intake of breath on the other end of the phone.
, who is more talented than I could ever hope to be. A huge thank you to my betas Fea and Kara! Your insights were invaluable, and I could not have written this without either of you! Also thank you to
“Look Dean, I’m not even going to pretend to fix you and dad, and everything going on between the two of you. But, you might want to ask yourself this one thing; if Cas is just a friend, if he’s just here temporarily, then why is dad’s opinion making you so upset?”
There happened to be a bottle of whiskey and two glasses sitting there, and Dean helped himself to a shot of liquid courage as he decided where to begin.
“Actually, umm, I know it’s late but I kind of need to show you something.”
“I think you should stay here tonight.”
Sam wanted to pull his hair out in frustration. If these two didn’t kiss, and soon, they would both wind up alone and miserable. Sam looked for any ridiculous opportunity to get them to stand together in a doorway together, but nothing presented itself. Soon it was getting late, and Jody and Garth left first to get back to their long drives. Charlie actually asked to stay the night so she could show Kevin a MMORPG that she was designing (whatever that meant).
They draw apart for air and Dean scoots towards the middle of the bench seat, bringing his arm behind Cas as they kiss again. This time Dean can slant their mouths together and tease Cas’ lips with his tongue. Cas’ mouth opens on a breathy sigh, and his hand comes to cup Dean’s jaw as if to hold him in place.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean,” Cas interrupts, “Not tonight. I have a headache.”
As soon as the words are out of his mouth, Dean realizes his mistake. That simple possessive word adds so many layers of meaning. Of course, Dean could have said “Cas is
Sam does not have what you would call a natural warlock ability. Sam knows there are magical skills he could learn, but he has never needed to before now. He would have to study, and learn, and practice to do even a basic spell. Not really worth it when it comes to ganking werewolves or conducting research. So Sam had never bothered to learn magic before. Then again, nothing in the past has given him reason to, until now.
But what does Dean want for himself? Sometimes the pressure of everything he has to face feels like it is physically pressing down on him. It feels like he’s trying to tread water, but something keeps trying to push him under.
“Well, we can figure all that out later. Lucky for us, we have a place to hide while we get you healed up. Welcome to the Batcave, Cas.”
“Blocked number,” Sam replies, as he moves into the next room to answer his phone.
“Yeah, we have a case in North Texas.  Garth called.  Said something has been taking little kids, and he can’t get there until next week.  We have to go now.”
“Then switch to decaf. Or better yet, have some milk. You need the calcium.”
Castiel knows all of this. He has visited Dean’s dreams and seen Mary whispering soothing words to her child. He has been the invisible ghost in the corner of a motel room, and watched as women giggled at the freckles spattered across Dean’s chest and called him “adorable”.
“Get down here man. You’re creeping me out, looming over me.”
“Hey Cas, I musta feel asleep out here after we got home.”
in the past couple months. But tonight was
If you want to read more, let me know. The next chapter would include a bit of Wing!Kink, more exactly Dean finding out he has that kink. There wouldn't be any actual smut until chapter three, if requested.
“Ask away.”
“I don’t sleep Dean. What is it?”
Dean didn’t dare open his eyes to find out how close Cas was. He just kept breathing and focusing on happy thoughts. And, if those thoughts happened to include a certain dark-haired doctor, naked on the exam table with him, no one had to know about that but Dean.
Everyone in the bunker seems to get into the holiday spirit. Dean is completely onboard since it was his idea, and it keeps him from facing his issues with Cas. Sam might send Dean a look or two when Cas is in the room, but he says nothing. He helps Dean string lights and finds Christmas music to play on the hi-fi. Even Kevin stops his translating duties long enough to cut out sugar cookies with Dean. He says he used to do it with his mom every Christmas, but he doesn’t let himself wallow in the memories of losing her.
Dean hummed in appreciation as he moved to make good on his promise. By the end of the evening, Castiel had thought of three new sexual positions to try for their fantasy.
Because if he does not do something about his brother moping around every time Castiel’s name is mentioned, Sam is going to have to shave his head, change his identity, and move to Canada.
“I’ll take care of Sammy, dad. Of course I will.”
What was that saying?  A picture is worth a thousand words.  Dean had never sent Castiel a picture message, he realized.  He could start now, to break the ice.
This fic is the product of a village helping an author reach her goal. Thank you to my artist
Sam only snorts in response.
Sam stood next to Dean as he continued to fidget with his suit, pulling at his cuffs. He had a small piece of paper folded in his fist, and he wasn’t letting go of it for anything. The judge standing next to them didn’t say a word. The older man had no doubt seen his fair share of nervous grooms. Obviously, he wasn’t bothered by the fact that he was officiating a gay wedding. Just another reason Dean and Castiel had chosen a small courthouse ceremony. Neither of them had been very keen on the idea of getting married in a church, and it wasn’t like they had many friends and family to invite anyway. It would be a short ceremony – simple and to the point.
Sam watched Dean pace back and forth, fidgeting with his tie. Sam had seen his older brother stare down wendigos and vampires without flinching, but today he was more anxious than Sam had ever seen him. Sam might even go so far as to classify it as nervous. Sam supposed that’s why he was there, to talk Dean down from whatever emotional ledge he had climbed onto.
[message received 6:03 pm]
“Dean?”
“Yeah, except for the part where you brought something back to our base that looks like our father. Could be anything Sam. A ghoul, a shifter, a witch using a glamour spell...”
Dean isn’t the only one worried about Sam. John steps in front of Castiel, putting himself between the two angels.
Castiel still won’t look him in the eye, so Dean gives up, and walks away. Maybe Cas should know what it’s like to get a taste of his own medicine.
“Back from the dead? The last time?” John asks, a bewildered look on his face.
“In fact,” Dean said, slipping back into his bedroom voice, “I think I might have forgotten my wallet doctor. I will have to think of another way to repay you for your services.”
As Sam enters the study, Dean looks over to ask if he remembered the pie. The statement dies on his tongue as he sees the bewildered look on Sam’s face.
anytime!
Now Sam was really laughing at him.
That comment got a definite response from the other man. Dean had been hit on enough times to know the look that he was getting. If they were anywhere else, Dean would be programming Cas’ number into his phone or buying him a drink. But he was quickly reminded he was in the middle of a doctor’s exam, almost entirely naked. That didn’t exactly put them on equal footing. Castiel was the one in charge here. How could he know that Dean was more than willing to follow commands given to him by sexy men, especially ones in lab coats?
So close, in fact, that his crotch rubbed against Dean’s hip, and Dean could feel the effect he was having on the other man. He could feel Castiel’s cock where it pressed against him, hard and hot, and he wondered what it might feel like having it sliding in and out of him, instead of the man’s fingers. Dean wanted to try it face down on the table, spread open for the man next to him. He wanted to lie on his back, so he could watch Castiel’s face as he fucked him. He wanted to sit astride Castiel’s lap, and ride him until they both screamed.
“Dean, please,” Cas whines, “I don’t see how this is going to help me feel any better. It’s cold and I want to go back inside.”
“Dean, I’m fine!” Sam argues back.
angel!”
Dean froze.  He didn’t want to ignore Cas, especially about something this important, but he had no idea what to say.  It was one thing to know that Cas was an angel, a different species, but it was quite another to have the proof in his hands.  He had only seen Cas’ wings that first time they met in the barn, and those had only been a dark shadow.  Not anything like what Dean was seeing now.
[message sent 9:33 pm]
Between Cas moping around, and Sam sleeping all day, Dean decides that Team Free Will is going on an extended vacation. The rest of the world can be put on hold while Dean fixes his family. If anything, he figures the world owes them this once.
[message sent 9:53 pm]
Dean’s day job is Hunter, with a capital H. He is a warrior, and a soldier. He actually kills monsters and saves people, like a damn superhero. But it’s hard to maintain that aura of toughness when you look like a caricature of a Disney prince – big green eyes, full lips, and those ever present freckles. So, Dean covers up in layers of leather and bravado, carrying a gun and a sarcastic comment, to show people he has a bite, no matter what his appearance may look like.
“Found an angel blade… melted it into bullets,” Cas rasps to Dean, flinching when Dean presses on his stomach.
“Maybe I had some assistance from the Loa to help cover my tracks. It doesn’t matter. I was still able to lure all of you here. The Winchesters are so predictable. You’ve been spending too much time with them Castiel.”
“Just strawberries, so I stay away from them,” Dean answered.
“We’re already here, and I’m not going to another store today. I’m going to pick out the
Dean parked the Impala outside of a dark club that advertised “Live! Nude! Girls!” in bright neon.  The bouncer waved him in, and he walked up to the bar to order a beer.  He looked around, taking in the sights.  A lot of the girls were pretty, and a cute blonde waitress winked as she strutted by him.  Before Dean could come up with an opening line, there was a loud cheer over by the main stage.  Intrigued, Dean took an empty seat at the end and waited for the next act to start.
“Is this the movie about the archaeology professor who hunts for treasure?” Cas asked.
Dean waves at their masterpieces.
That’s the plan, anyway.
Dean and Sam stood at the front of the room with the judge, as Charlie and Jody sat next to each other as the only witnesses. Kevin was standing on Castiel’s side – for moral support he said. Sam had to smile at the thought of a prophet standing with an angel.
If it were Sam looking at the wings, his geek brain would be in overdrive.  He would be asking Castiel all sorts of questions about how the wings worked, and what plane or dimension they were in most of the time.  Dean’s brain didn’t work like that.
Of course, he isn’t.
“You wanna be a girl?”
. Yes, he’s had to bury Cas, but Cas is also right here, next to him, and he loves him.
“I just don’t get how this is any of your business. “
“Um, d’you wanna head inside?” Dean tilts his head towards the diner they’d decided to meet at as neutral ground.
“Fuck, I got no idea, Cas.” Dean slumps, like he’d much rather have this conversation anywhere else. “If I knew I—I think I’d have stopped trying, you know? Like, Sam just knew what she wanted.”
Dean freezes. “No.” It sounds like a lie, even though he and Cas hadn’t even really been talking, just fucking around on their phones playing word games together. How that’d become a date night activity he’s got no idea, but he also isn’t complaining.
“We are afraid of things for a reason,” Cas responds like the two-semesters-of-psychology-classes asshole he is. He moves from the armchair towards the couch, pushing Dean until they’re sitting next to each other.
His grace has been in the molecules that make up the cells that construct his skin. Back when he first reconstructed Dean, he’d not bothered with most of the marks that had adorned his body, stretch marks, healed cuts on his arms and legs, an endless array of scars. He would know better now, he reflects, as he lets his mouth wander over the expanse of Dean’s skin, as he digs his fingers into him. He would know better now. Dean’s never liked his scars, has always seen them as one of the grim reminders of what his life comes with, but he’s also tied memories to them. Memories, stories, lessons.
“Mostly, yes,” Cas agrees, then, effortlessly, tears down whatever walls Dean had assumed he’d managed to build up. “You don’t need to be scared of what she thinks of you, Dean.”
“They?”
“It’s a new jacket,” Dean points out, softly.
“Important? How?”
Dean gives her a look.
They don’t kiss in the mall, but Cas rolls his eyes with a scoff and Dean claps the back of his hand against the side of his arm and that’s almost the same.
Castiel has always known Dean’s body. Or at least he has since knitting him back together, after hell, when Dean’s soul had rested with him. He’d been pure grace then, uncontained waves and energies, buzzing with a restlessness he had not yet been able to name. It may as well have been the entirety of his existence.
If this is what it feels like to have a Mom, he’s… embarrassed. And still weirded out. But he also wouldn’t give it up for anything. He doesn’t meet her eyes, because if Sam is anything like her, she’ll have that probing look that he’d always get when he knew Dean didn’t want to share.
When he exits the changing room, looking not dissimilar from his usual self aside from the shirt, patterned in pink and purple, Cas does kiss him, rushing him back into the cabin. Words still fail Cas, a lot of the time, the english language falling short to express the immensity of the emotions he feels. Making out in a changing room at a thrift shop is a decent substitute where words fail him, though.
Cas gives him a glance, expression between curious and annoyed. He probably deserves that.
That’s the words she leaves with, leaving Dean with Cas, an unfinished round of a word game, and a deep desire to get completely wasted.
“Yeah, Sam says it’s not really something a… how’d she put it… cisgender guy,” Dean says it slowly, like the word is foreign to him, “thinks about, at least not a whole lot.”
Instead, Sam had asked, with his voice small, in the tone Dean associates with having to sneak him to the library, or soccer practice, or anywhere else where Dad didn’t want either of them, “Hey, do you think we could do the wedding at… your place?”
Bobby Singer would say the same, but mean it differently. There’d be something in his eyes, a sense of deeper understanding, an unspoken reassurance that he won’t be the one to decide if you became a man.
Castiel has learned new things about Dean’s body since then, too. He’s learned where he likes to be touched and where he doesn’t. Where he’d once used his grace to build his skin, he can now run his fingers, dig them into him where his body gives, softly. He knows what Dean tastes like, and the sounds that escape him when Cas tastes him, the way his breath hitches and his thighs squeeze around Cas.
Cas shrugs like the weight of the entire world rests on his shoulders. “I will respect your choice, Dean.”
It's good enough for Dean, who hangs up with a relieved sigh, then tosses the phone onto the coffee table and closes his eyes while he waits for Cas to actually get back.
Sam had obviously not been expecting that reaction and freezes for a second. “Pretty sure.”
“Dude, yeah, Dean’s got a whole thing, don’t worry about it.”
He does remember looking into the mirror, though, one night. Sammy already asleep, his father out.
Dean draws in a shuddering breath. “Lets just head to sleep, ‘kay Cas?”
"And who are you?" Mary looks to Cas with a pleasantly polite smell.
“But you’re gonna sulk about it?” They’ve been through too much bullshit for Dean to be affected by the pointed sadness from Cas now. Maybe if he tries to become God about it.
“It suits you very well.”
“Yeah… I was thinking… a spring wedding is kind of cliche, but…”
He feels the kiss Cas presses to his temple and the rumble of his voice as he hugs around Dean while they both slowly drift off. “Love you too.”
Cas furrows his brows. “Dean are you--”
He doesn’t cry, but he doesn’t meet her eyes either. Doesn’t really manage for the rest of their lunch. They trade stories, pleasantries. It’s kind of like catching up with an old friend, if that was something Dean did. If he had ever been friends with Mary.
“Cas, for the last time, I’m not wearing a crop top.” He’s not even sure if Cas means his suggestions, or if he’s just teasing, but Cas does sigh and put the shirt he’d been holding up away.
“Y’know, I always wondered, since you brought me back I guess, why you didn’t just... change me. My body, I mean.”
and not just
Dean Winchester has built a man through layers. Layers of flannels and shirts and leather jackets. He knows exactly how a man should carry himself, how a man should speak and where a man’s hands must be at all times. He’s built a man around himself like a fortified shell-- if you’d ask him, he’d say like one of those formations the Romans did. A Man is shields and spears pointed outwards to protect what’s inside, and to attack when necessary.
Dean hums, softly. He gets it, probably. “So if you were to raise me from the dead now?”
The next time he’s looking a reflection in the eyes, he’s not alone.
Mary Campbell is shorter than he'd thought, her hair, as far as he can tell, is by now mostly a dirty silver and is cropped short, reminds him of his own buzzcut years. He can see the edge of a tattoo under the sleeve of her leather jacket. Something with scales, maybe a snake. Possibly a dragon.
Dean shrugs. “More like dressed down the last time we talked.”
Cas, the Almost-Human, who has Fallen again and again in every way imaginable, he looks at Dean, really looks at him, when he’s wearing nothing but jeans and a t-shirt, when he puts on bright pink cowboy shoes and a matching hat with a wide grin, when he does his first testy twirl in a summer-y pleated skirt, and he knows that he may have no clue about how to build a man, but he now knows how to construct one Dean Winchester perfectly, over and over again.
Between old clothing that looks just like what John Winchester may have worn, Dean slowly begins building himself a new armor.
“Dean?” He’s not sure how long he’s been quiet, but Sam’s voice is soft enough for him to have a decent idea. “I’m sorry I couldn’t be there too, it’s just…”
Good thing, too, because it means he had time to finally meet up with Mary after months of trying to avoid doing so.
Dean didn’t, until now. He reaches over to attempt to grab the book, but Sam dodges him easily. “Dude what’s the deal?”
“So, you’re... not really a man? Man-adjacent?”
“You brought me there to rest, once,” Cas tells him, voice low like he’s telling a secret. “I… wanted you to know that I know you did it out of love.” He furrows his brows. “It seemed romantic when I came up with it.”
Mary gives him a different one.
Sam groans.
He’d never admit he has no fucking clue how exactly Cas came back. Something to do with Jack, he knows that much. But he’d been very drunk when he’d heard the explanation, and at this point too sick of gift horses to even think about getting anywhere near any part of them. Maybe they bite.
"The hospital," Cas explains, because he's honest like that.
They settle on a date around Easter.
“If I had been in a different body when I fell, I may have sought out ways to alter my appearance, or my presentation. But Jimmy Novak... his body suits the image I enjoy having of myself.”
“Feels like I still am.” Dean breathes out sharply, a huff that’s too angry to be a sigh. “I wanna fucking stop wearing the jacket.”
“I’m getting rooms ready,” Dean says, after a moment of silence. “If he wants to stay over, he can.” Because Cas also needs to agree to doing so, which is probably where the issue’s gonna lie anyways. Why the hell would Cas want to stay at his place when he can sleep at Jody’s, or a crap, by-the-hour motel with mystery stains on the sheets and water ranging from freezing to lukewarm.
Dean’s only gone to the upper floor of the house once or twice, because the floorboards didn’t look like something he ever wanted to step on, and he’d only ever slept in the library anyways when staying with Bobby, so turning it into a permanent bedroom didn’t really make a difference. Not like there were any books left, either.
“We don’t have to do anything today,” Cas points out very reasonably, with one pointed look at Dean’s hand.
The demon enjoys his reflection and spends a lot of time looking at himself. It’s understandable, really—the last time Dean had felt the pull of the Pit touching his soul, his body had been little more than a skeleton dressed in blood-soaked tatters of skin. Now, though, he’s gorgeous, knows exactly how to smile and how to sneer to get what he wants.
The words don’t come out, though. “Yeah,” Dean manages to press out, tongue heavy. “Yeah, she’s… she’s very cool, Sammy.” Close enough.
Spoke too fucking soon. “You always wanted to try?” Dean decides to get in the fucking car at last because he’s not having this talk in a Walmart parking lot. “Make-up?”
Every single one of Sam’s expressions is smug now unless she’s trying to seem less like a fucking weirdo. She’s not trying now. “I thought so too.”
Dean doesn’t quite manage the energy to nod. There’s a storm inside his chest and he feels himself taking a few shuddering breaths that burn in his throat. Figures. Cas next to him is a calm and steady presence.
“What?”
They get Cas back, eventually. They always do manage to get him back, no matter what. Dean’s not even sure what it involved this time.
“No, Cas, no,” Dean interrupts, hastily. “I just, I didn’t—I didn’t realize. Didn’t realize—”, he chokes on his words, because of course they fail him in an important moment. “Fuck, Cas, you’re right.”
“Dad can I tell you something?” Jack’s voice is small, like he’s scared of the answer, for whatever reason that may be.
There’s an audible sigh of relief from the other end of the line. “So you’re good?” The second half of that sentence remains unspoken, but they can both hear it.
“No, but this taught me that I will likely never be one. Not the way Anna was.”
“Yup.”
Cas narrows his eyes before turning to look over his shoulder. His expression clears a little once he spots Mary, who turns to the table she’d been sitting at which-- Dean sees that there’s several people sitting at it and then does an admirable job at not looking at any of them in fear of having friends in common with his
“But I have held your body since then. Touched you with more than just my grace.” He lets his hands roam over Dean’s body as much as he can, brushes a thumb gently over one of his nipples. His other hand speeds up its rhythm, stroking Dean in the way Cas knows he likes, in a way that shortens his breath and will, cause him to press down against his touch.
Since then, Castiel has Fallen, has regained his grace, and has given it up again. He understands the human intricacies of gender better, now, understands what it means for a body to be wholly his. He knows he wouldn’t have wanted to take a vessel with a body much different from Jimmy Novak’s. Not without changing it in some of the ways Dean has changed his own.
“So, you’re telling me that you’re… a man?”
The thing is that Dean has no idea what could move Cas to want to actually stay at his place, no matter how temporary.
He knows Cas doesn’t buy it either, but he thankfully remains silent.
Castiel… Castiel leans towards Jack to gently wrap an arm around his shoulder, to briefly squeeze. Jack is rarely comfortable with being touched by anyone but those closest to him, but now he leans into the partial hug, lets his phone fall to the side. “I’ve got this friend,” he tells Castiel, after a moment. “We… we met online. They’ve got more than one father too.”
“Sam.”
Dean laughs, now. “You’re killing
“Mmh, pancakes tomorrow morning?”
“Yeah, I know that.” It feels like admitting defeat. A real man wouldn’t back down from a simple challenge like fucking shopping for clothes.
Sam sighs, which is a familiar enough sound for it to make Dean’s insides churn all over again. Right, Sammy’s big day and he can’t even put up with whatever’s going on between him and Cas these days. Which is absolutely nothing. That’s the problem.
They snag a booth, Dean and Cas across the table from Mary. If he looks out of the window, Dean can see Mary’s sensible car parked across from Cas’ truck. It helps the fluttering of his nerves, as does leaning to the side against the window..
Dean frowns at the street, then at Sam. “Like, for real?”
“I’ve got it. You got a job, Sammy, take care of that, okay?”
“I’m not interrupting anything?” Mary asks once she’s at their table with one meaningful look between Cas and Dean.
Sam hmms, because it sounds like Cas is about to tell her some kind of story.
Jack nods. “I thought so too, I was thinking... it seems weird to say I’m a boy now, right?”
“I mean, you wanted a righteous man, right? That’s what... God wanted, or scripture, or whatever. And I’m...” Dean looks down on himself. He knows his body, shaped by the life he’s lived and experiences he’s had. And he knows himself, finally. Has had long enough to figure himself out. “I’m not. Not really, at least. But you could’ve just... made me a man, right?”
Dean doesn’t quite smile as he turns his head to look at Cas, but he’s no less radiant for it. Cas gently puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
When he’s human again, Dean’s not sure who he sees anymore, but it’s not like it fucking matters. He’s a dead guy walking, if he’s lucky.
Dean and Sam are bickering in the front when Jack turns to look at Cas from his phone’s screen. He’s gotten really into TikTok lately, which Cas knows is an app popular with young people these days but doesn’t comprehend much beyond that. There are videos, and a lot of floating text and weird faces.
“Of course. Thank you for listening.”
“Okay?” Pressed as close as they are, Castiel can feel the amused tone in Dean’s voice. “Anything in particular bring this on?”
“Some of them are women. I wouldn’t choose another body now, of course, not as long as I can remain within Jimmy’s, but I am glad his body is mine. I… doubt I would feel as attached, had I chosen a woman as my vessel.”
Sam is patient.
Sam looks back at Dean with the kind of amused detachment she’s perfected ever since her soul went off to do its own thing back in hell. They really gotta fucking fix that.
He can hear Cas crouch down, but doesn’t look at him, just tries to let out a few steadying breaths. Even with his eyes closed, he can see Cas next to him, like the warmth he’s radiating is painting a picture on its own. He leans in to it, grabs Cas by the jacket and buries his face against his chest, just to breathe for a long moment.
Now it’s Cas’ turn to make a soft sound, inspecting Dean’s body, slowly, in the mirror. “I wouldn’t change you, not without you telling me to,” he seems to settle on, eventually. “Too many have made decisions about your body, I wouldn’t want to be among them. Not if I can help it.”
“Right.”
“I know.”
He’s 40 before he knows it, faster, and older, than he ever expected to be. At one point, apparently, he upgraded from “pretty” to “handsome”. When he first realizes it, he actually spends a moment peacocking in front of the mirror before he catches himself. Because, yeah, a couple years of on-and-off hormone therapy actually had a result and it’s one he doesn’t mind looking at. The realization is strange.
“Dean…” He can’t hear Sam’s expression but he knows that exasperated sigh. “You know you’ll always be family, always be home. I’m not gonna be here forever, it’s just…”
If one were to seek an expert on Men, for what godforsaken reason one might need one, Dean Winchester isn’t the healthy choice, but he is the most knowledgeable one.
Sam pulls his most ‘how are you this stupid’ face. Fair enough. “Yeah, I don’t think that’s true, Dean. “
“Course. We’ll get the place pretty for you, yeah?”
Dean sighs. “We got roomed together, kinda made friends out of necessity, stayed in contact after.” He shrugs, pretending like it’s not a big deal. “Then I needed a place to stay and he’d inherited an empty townhouse. Two birds, one stone. Three birds, if you count our other roommate.” An inadequate summary for a long and painful story, but more than he’s willing to share with most.
Michael loves mirrors, loves looking at himself in them. They’re one of the few places he’ll let Dean catch a breath of air, probably because he senses the way they make him feel off-kilter and unbalanced even now, taking a second to recognize the face looking at him. It makes him feel even more trapped than he had before, and he’s almost glad when Michael pushes him under again. At least he won’t have to look at the bastard, then.
Dean has changed plenty, since Castiel has rebuilt him. His shoulders have become wider, his muscle and fat have redistributed. The bones underneath are still the same, still sit in the spots where Castiel placed them, held there by the tissue he laid around it.
“Her experience was different to mine. She chose to Fall, and all that came with it. She chose the body she’d grow up in, the woman she’d become.” Cas sounds wistful, almost. Sam wonders, what the relationship between Cas and Anna had been. She’d barely known either of them, at the time. “It was important to her, that she be born as a woman. I never understood that, until now.”
It’s an obvious lie, but Sam doesn’t call him on it. “Yeah, talk later,” he says instead, either defeated or relieved.
“Honestly it feels kinda weird”, Dean tells Cas-- Human now, or close to it. They’re the two only people at the H&M even close to their age-bracket aside from a few women who are clearly here because they’re someone else’s Mom and Dean’s sort of grown beyond being embarrassed about most of the shit he’s done in his life but he’s on edge now.
“Not your usual thing, that’s all.”
“I… suppose so.”
“It just looks like you got dressed up, that’s all.”
Dean sighs. “We should go somewhere else.”
“Cool.” Sam looks towards Cas, but only for a brief second. “Hey. Thanks for telling me, man.”
They do kiss in the car, because the Impala is Dean’s true shell against the outside world. She’s yet another thing inherited from his father, like his genetic disposition for mood disorders and addiction, but she, by now, is Dean through-and-through, in every crook and former dent or scratch. He knows that even if he ever manages to shed every last part of John Winchester that has burrowed into his DNA and synapses (he won’t, but it’s nice to imagine, sometimes), even then he’d still keep her.
“But you no longer are,” Cas says, as gently as he can. There’s not a lot about the past year that he’d like to relive.
In a way, neither of them had chosen their bodies, but they had both made it their own.
Cas shakes his head and peppers more kisses against Dean’s bare skin. “I haven’t held your heart since then.”
Mary looks like she doesn't quite buy that, which is fair. It’s a woefully inadequate word to describe Cas-and-Dean as a unit. But she also doesn’t press further. Dean wants to both hate and love her for it.
Cas looks apologetic. “I know it’s not what you wanted—”
They’d had a talk about it, too, at one point, but Dean doesn’t remember much of that either. He just knows it ended with both of them on separate ends of the bunker, and Cas moving out not much later.
Because Dean’s nothing if not committed to the bit, he puts on his worst smile. “Nah Dude, trust me, you still got some growing up to do. Guess they don’t tell you everything in Gender Studies 101.”
