Tony doesn’t have time to appreciate it or to worry about what will happen next.
“It’s the only thing that makes waiting bearable,” Steve says, smiling the saddest smile.
“Oh, and another thing: I love you too.”
Bye, Iron Man's friend who I don't know!
“It’s not stupid. I mean, it’s ironic, really, that you didn’t consider the possibility that I looked at you like I loved you because I actually loved you, but to be honest… It’s such a
“I was already worried! Steve! When they threw you back into that room you were a sack of broken bones. Do you think that didn’t worry me? I was terrified you’d die in my arms! Of infection, of, of a perforated lung! Do you have
He’s Tony Stark. Escaping imprisonment defines his entire life.
“Was it a good death?”
Tony feels that he can’t keep his eyes open anymore—goddammit—and tells Steve that he’s going to bed.
“After we... When we... Okay, no,” Steve takes a steadying breath, rubs his hands up and down his face, and wishes this came easier to him.
“Since I got here? Not really.”
The work is cutting stones for construction.
“Well, it wasn’t! I’m alive, I’m fine!”
He opens his eyes to see the mirror streaked with white, his fingers wet with it. His thighs tremble, but he holds himself up. He breathes through it, waits for his heart rate to return to normal.
“You said my father’s name.”
Steve closes his eyes for a moment against the blinding, bitter rage inside him, and wonders how something so powerful and intense can’t reverse the flux of time and allow him to fix this mess before it ever happened.
Gauze.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, okay?”
But it’s no use to think about that now. What happened, happened, and now the man that made it happen is dead. And Steve is different, he’s completely different, and Tony is, too—he stays hard from start to finish, and his skin is on fire, and he keeps his mind present and sharp, because he doesn’t want to miss a single moment of this. Of the beauty of this.
“Steve! Do
Steve extracts something from the pocket of his jacket. It’s a small box, blue velvet. He holds it out for Tony to take.
“You hang in there, you hear me? He’ll come around.”
His phone buzzes with a text.
“No drawing today?” Tony asks.
The man is, without question, the most attractive human being Steve has ever seen in his life. His face, his strong jaw, the shape of his nose and his forehead, his hair, his lips. His body, oh god, his body looks better than Steve’s own, and his eyes are so
The rest of the morning passes in comfortable silence. After lunch, they bring the dry clothes inside and finish packing, and soon it’s time to leave.
“Why do you want this so much, anyway?”
“You’re excited to meet her.”
He laughs, and decides to mention only one. “You smell like garlic.”
, I don’t think it’s the whole story.”
So Steve asks Tony something, and Tony says yes.
“You didn’t read it.”
“‘S not washing.”
Tony’s walls clench around nothing and his mind does the same. He whines, pitifully, bereaved of something that was never his. He swallows down his misery and accepts the shame that claws through him. He whimpers to keep something else at bay, a distilled pain, so pure he might get drunk on it, wish for more.
Two days later, Steve is there.
He leans to the side, and offers his palm to Tony.
Laura was taller than Stella, bigger and thicker. She was an archaeologist, and her skin is tanned and rough in most of the pictures, with marks on her knees, little scars here and there. She had long, black hair, and green eyes. She had a big tattoo covering most of her left arm. Her clothes and makeup tended to be bolder than Stella’s, in colors and style.
“I didn’t drink any of it,” Tony says while he pours the scotch into the sink of Stella’s kitchen. He throws the bottle in the garbage.
“Cold.”
Steve shudders. He curses. He says, “You’re going to be the death of me.”
He goes slow at first, to gauge how much Tony can take, yes, but also to look down, to fix his eyes on the point where his flesh makes contact with Tony’s, where his dick slides almost all the way out and then again in Tony’s hot mouth, to feel the head drag against Tony’s soft palate, Tony pushing his tongue up against Steve’s length while hollowing his cheeks and sucking, careful to cover his teeth with his lips.
“You keep something in the drawer of your bedside table, under all my drawings. I don’t know what it is, but it’s in an envelope, so I’m guessing it’s a letter. It’s blue, but it smells like dust, so it’s old. I’ve seen you put it back in the drawer as soon as I came into the room a couple of times.”
It’s dark in Steve’s bedroom, the only source of light is nestled in Tony’s chest. Steve doesn’t think, and places a hand on it.
There’s a loud ringing in his ears. He feels weirdly hyper-aware of himself, as though he’s suddenly able to feel the blood rushing in his veins, his heart beating, his internal organs working.
Steve kneels under Tony’s desk, tries to undo Tony’s pants but his fingers are shaking, sweating, he doesn’t know what he’s doing. Tony bats his hands away and Steve wants to complain, to beg, but he doesn’t need to, because Tony is grabbing Steve’s hair and shoving his dick into Steve’s mouth and finally,
“Let’s keep it that way.”
Steve wears jeans and a sweater.
“He’s that bad?” he asks.
And it’s good, to have settled things with her. Steve basically disappeared, it’s only natural that she moved on.
“I don’t know,” Steve blushes, “guess all songs make me think about you.”
“Don’t worry, J.”
“Yeah. You smell different.”
“But—”
Steve slides down the bed, between Tony’s legs, hooks one arm around Tony’s thigh and places the other on Tony’s groin, thumbs at his balls, and with deliberate movements takes Tony’s soft dick into his mouth.
“What?”
A lion and his cub.
“It means that I know you, Tony. I don’t want this thing to hurt you more than it hurts him.”
Yeah. He’s too tired to point Steve’s attention to it and make a joke, but Tony’s joy must reach Steve through the bond anyway, if his warm chuckle is anything to go by.
“You want to… to break it?”
Rhodey helps him clean the kitchen while Maria sleeps, and Tony thinks that he should start doing things while Maria sleeps. Instead of just staring at her, terrified of SIDS.
“No. I’m sorry. Ten years, I—”
Steve’s tongue licking Tony’s finger. His eyes darkening with something that sent a shiver to the base of Tony’s spine.
The penthouse is a mess. The kitchen area is hopeless. He should burn the whole tower down, build a new one. But then he’d have to explain things to the superheroes currently using it as their base.
She reassures him. “You’re doing fine, Mr. Stark.”
First, that it’s late in the afternoon. The sun is setting.
He sits at the piano. One of the cats jumps on his lap. He nuzzles her neck from behind; she twists to look at him, sniffs him, meows.
Steve removes the sling with careful movements, and sets it on the corner of the bed. He doesn’t says anything, and Tony doesn’t want him to. He keeps his mouth slightly open, and Tony loves watching his bottom lip, full and pink, the little creases on it. He remembers swiping his tongue over it. It tasted blue.
Breathe.
“Never.”
“Please.”
Nat turns towards the holoscreen. “Hi, losers.”
“Good night.”
“I do. Steve, why the doubt now?”
“It’s the first time you’ve dared to look.”
“Right, experiment, is that what you called it?”
“Hai portato un amico? Possiamo aggiungere un letto nella dépendance—”
It took another couple of days, but they are at the end of the rut. Steve’s knots last barely an hour now. They’re going to be back to normal soon, and a part of Steve can’t wait for that to happen, so that his new life with Tony can start, so that he can see his daughter again, and his friends, too.
The burns are the worst part. I hate it when they burn me. I hate that I’ve gotten used to it and I don’t pass out anymore.
“Long story, spaceface. I’ll explain. The gist of it is that we were kidnapped by Hydra, if you can believe it.”
Tony’s nose is buried into the carpet and he’s struggling to breathe. He coughs, just once, and Steve lifts him up and moves him into a more comfortable position.
Barely. Sadly. Aching with the loss.
They might as well have signed their death sentence.
That night, while he’s in bed, Tony looks down at Steve, wrapped up in a sleeping bag on the floor. He had it in his duffle; Tony watched him take it out and spread it on the rug without a word.
Half an hour passes in complete silence.
While he watches Steve pay for tickets to access the walkway along the top of the castle wall, Tony dares to think about the future of his relationship with Steve.
“They’re back?”
“I’m glad you like it.”
Steve notices he stopped breathing a while back. The little bubble of air provided by the shield is not enough, and it’s filled with the fumes of the decomposition of Tony’s body.
“You never said anything.”
, he gets rock hard in the span of seconds, and Tony doesn’t know how much longer he can go on like this, how much more Steve will put up with him and having sex twice a month (if Tony is feeling good).
“You, because you were becoming too much of a hot potato for the King of Wakanda.”
“Not today. Tomorrow, in the afternoon. If you want.”
“Here, I brought you your toys.”
He doesn’t—
“Yes.”
It’s a painful procedure, but, well. He’s had much worse.
“I’m sorry that happened, okay? But this isn’t gonna end any better!”
“Not at all.”
He thinks about sex
. If that’s how you think about it. I won’t take that away from you.”
“I didn’t want... I didn’t want to kill him, I swear, I didn’t want to kill that kid, I didn’t want Ultron to do what it did, I, I just wanted, just wanted to... I wanted you—”
Steve sounds more like himself. His voice is still low and scratchy, like sandpaper on wood, but he seems better after each wave of the rut comes and passes.
It’s becoming familiar.
I don’t even know if I still want it to end. What am I without this?
“Steve… Steve!”
He wants Steve’s knot, right now. It doesn’t matter if they’re standing up and uncomfortable, he just needs it, he’s losing his mind.
“I’m going downstairs now.”
Tony nods. He lifts his hand, but then hesitates, leaves it there hovering in mid-air, his fingers closing into a loose fist. He finally places it on Steve’s knee. “Let’s go,” he says.
, Tony’s taking off his underwear, Tony’s smiling at him and cupping his face, and Tony’s naked and beautiful and he smells so good and Steve wants to disappear inside him, explode like the spark in his eyes—he wants to become one of Tony’s smiles, he wants to become his voice, his scent, his skin.
“I don’t mean to sound disrespectful, Tony, but after I met you, and got to know you a bit, what really struck me wasn’t how much you were like your father, but how much you weren’t.”
“Yeah. Barnes? Yeah, you can come in.”
“You do a lot. More than most.”
“T’Challa got a couple of his doctors on the issue, and they were able to formulate a sedative strong enough for Steve. Each time he went into a rut we would inject him, but we were also putting his life at risk. His biology is so unique that predicting how he’d respond was almost impossible. But he accepted it.”
and Tony thinks that he hasn’t lived for much time after it happened to him, but he’s sure it must be true. At first, the idea feels defeatist—it doesn’t matter what you do, how much you work to leave it in the past, the memory will hunt you down and find you and make itself manifest once a day every day, for the rest of your stupid life. But then, inexplicably and quite unexpectedly, the thought becomes warmly comforting. Now he has something he simply
“There’s not much you can do about it actually, Captain,” T'Challa intervenes, his voice suave and mildly amused. “I won’t allow you to set foot on Wakandan soil.” He smirks. Of course he smirks.
Tony sits on the bed and sighs. “You really want me to do it?”
Sometimes they eat.
The whole truth, though, is that Tony is a bit envious. It’d be nice to get hard again, after so many months of almost nothing. He’d been worried at first, when it kept happening even when he was fully recovered from surgery. Then he talked about it with Rhodey, who said that it often happened to soldiers too, that it didn’t only occur as a result of sexual trauma or for medical reasons. He said maybe it was happening to Tony because of how he felt about Steve.
“Will trust you. They’ll believe you. You’re a hero. You were a hero long before you were Iron Man.”
Tony replies with a curt nod.
“Yeah—”
“I volunteered as a test subject for a high-risk experimental procedure to enhance my body, so who am I to judge? I mean, sure, it’s a bit creepy, but if you actually manage to do it, it’d be—”
Tony fakes a cough. “I better go—” he says, pointing distractedly to the bathroom.
“I was hoping I could do this as your friend.”
“She is,” Tony agrees.
Tony presses a hand over the reactor, rubs at the skin around it. “She regretted having... having me,” he murmurs, and wishes he could make it sound more like the question he intended it to be.
. How’s that consent, Nat? When his only other option is dying?”
, the display says.
Tony hears Steve forcing himself to breathe regularly. He knows he’s blinking back tears; he could hear them in his voice just now. He feels the need to lighten the mood, reassure him.
“Of what?”
He couldn’t remember for the life of him.
“I love you very much, Dad.”
, he wants to say.
Tony’s thighs, hurting.
“Are you really cold?” Tony asks.
He idly wonders for how much longer they can keep up the act. When are people going to realize that it’s been almost a year since the engagement?
to himself, so he swims back to him.
And there’s nothing he can do about it.
Steve reaches up and rests his hand between Tony’s shoulder blades. Tony moans softly, and doesn’t fight the touch, his torso slumping over under the weight of Steve’s hand.
“No,” Tony says, and Steve shivers. Dammit.
“Of course I am. I’m a delight, thank you very much. Ugh, wait... Yikes, I have to go.”
“It’s not your fault, Tony. It’s gonna be alright, hey. It’s—”
“In a way, yes. But maybe she didn’t see it like that. I think... you see, I knew I’d have to face people’s judgement sooner or later, because I never liked men. But Maria did. I’ve written this in the book, but… When she met Tony’s father, Maria saw in him a privileged life, with money and power. She liked him well enough, so she married him. She was practical that way. She wasn’t an opportunist, but she saw an occasion and seized it.”
Tony stops walking abruptly and turns to look at Steve, his mouth open as if he’d been about to say something else. Steve’s eyes go wide, and his words from last night now resonate inside him, a silent reminder that works more as cruel mockery.
“I figured.”
He dresses quickly, and slides on the bed next to Tony, stares at the curve of his shoulders like it’s a closed door.
Tony thinks about it. He feels mostly okay. Weak and sleepy, but not in pain.
“Sure. Here, look.”
You brought a friend? We could add a bed in the guest house—
Tony knows what he wants to say.
“Yes.”
and something clattering to the ground, which Steve didn’t expect.
“I’ve– I’ve got you, too.”
, once, twice… seven times, and Steve really wishes his Captain America brain would just shut up for a minute, he doesn’t need to write a report about
“I wouldn’t have if you’d told me. If you’d explained it to me, I would’ve understood.”
It comes and goes in the brief span of a moment, and suddenly Tony knows.
It splits Steve’s mind in two—Tony’s betrayed trust.
etched inside.
, is a whole new level of hurt that he hadn’t considered or imagined. The rejection lodges itself between his ribs, making it hard to breathe.
Tony refuses to let his heart break over it.
“It’s incredible. You get it wrong every fucking time. It’s like a special talent. A super power.”
They talk for a while. There are long apologies, careful explanations, a few jokes and a couple more missteps, but in the end there’s even understanding, and maybe—who knows—forgiveness.
Except Tony isn’t taking it very well, actually. It’s not that he thought he wouldn’t turn sixty, that he would stay young forever. It’s more that if someone had told thirty-year-old-him that he would actually live to see the day of his sixtieth birthday, he would have laughed in their face. And that’s the thing, really: it’s just hitting Tony now, and hitting him
In the bedroom, Tony finds Steve already dressed in his sleep clothes. He opens a drawer in his bedside table and takes out a pair of his silk boxers, puts them on quickly, then sits down on the bed.
“Yeah. That’s for sure a relationship based on shared life experiences.”
Steve moans. “It’s leaking out of you— God,
Soon, he’s back in the cave. By now it should feel almost familiar, but there’s something about it this time that makes it seem like a completely different place. It’s always been dark and damp, but it never felt this unwelcoming. The place is rejecting Tony’s presence.
He’s so useless.
Steve rakes a hand through his hair. Again. And again.
Tony’s face falls. “Why not?” he asks.
Steve doesn’t talk to him. Except for Avengers-related business, Steve just avoids him.
Steve comes all over Tony’s face, on his tongue, in his hair. It drips down his neck.
“Come on. I know you need it just as much as I do.”
“If you want to—” he starts.
“I’m okay, Mr. Stark. I wanted to thank you for... everything you’re doing. I… I really didn’t expect it.”
But it doesn’t happen.
Tony is back in the armor. He reaches down to Steve.
“Sam is back home, in D.C.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s probably going to have— a heart attack or something at some point, because of all the sex. Arc reactor be damned, his heart is just gonna give up on him. He is gonna die. Death by too many orgasms.
A beat.
Steve keeps asking himself,
“I can’t sleep. I don’t know why,” Tony looks at him, eyes bloodshot and shining with tears, dark circles around them. There’s a desperation in them that Steve doesn’t know how to cure. They plead to him, beg him, but he’s powerless. Tony’s voice shakes. “Why, Steve?”
Tony pushes himself up and stares at him.
His eyes are unbearably sad. He smiles a smile that’s all pain and sorrow and hate for himself, and Steve’s eyes fill with tears. He tries to hold them in by clenching his jaw, hard, to the point of pain, but to no avail. They fall down his cheeks, as hot as his shame.
“Um—” Tony says, and suddenly Steve realizes where his hands are: on Tony’s hips.
Like they always do. They work things out. Compromise. Listen to each other. Like a real couple.
“You were talking in your sleep. You said,
“Tony,” Steve gets up from the floor and walks closer to Tony, takes his hands in his. Tony is numb and pliant, Steve could pick him up and place him over his shoulder with minimal resistance. Not the right mental image for the moment, but you get what your brain gives you. “I meant to say. I’m in love with you. I have been for a long time, actually. Maybe even before that first time in the gym.”
He dives into the water, pushes himself further and further with his arms and legs, keeping his belly close to the bottom of the river. It doesn’t remind him of the arctic sea at all: there are countless plants growing underwater, rocks, the occasional fish. No ice. The water’s warm.
“Could get it up just fine.”
“Does it bother you?”
, as though it was a gift, but he couldn’t think of a single reason why someone like Steve would want to give it to him.
Steve? Steve fights someone called
“I’m thinking that I’m not worth all this work,” Tony says, bitter melancholy laced into his voice, “which I guess just proves your point. That I need… help.”
“At all. But I need your consent, Steve. I know you’re not feeling well right now but I need you to say that you want this and I need to feel that you mean it.”
“You like, mmh… you like this. Watching,” Tony says.
But the difference itself, the discrepancy in the way Steve loves, that’s not Peggy’s fault, or Tony’s, or even Steve’s. It’s just the facts, the way things went. If a cruel destiny hadn’t separated them, he knows his love for Peggy would have grown into this, too.
“Steve?”
Tony and Mom.
He grabs Tony’s hips, hard, and Tony moans again. Steve lifts him up just a bit, lines himself up and then guides Tony down on his cock, steady, smooth, all in one go. When he bottoms out, Tony draws a circle with his hips to make sure there’s nowhere further to go.
The question seems disconnected from the rest, but Tony can see Stella has a destination in mind, and wants to lead him there slowly. Alright, he’ll play.
“Yeah...”
“I didn’t mean it—”
“I should’ve told you.”
“Come on,” Tony says, and he gets up to start climbing the tree.
“This is the one thing I can’t predict. I only have fail-safes in place in case something happens. But the scenarios, there are so many.”
He’s not chained to the wall, but his wrists are cuffed. His bones will heal all wrong like this, and he’ll have to break them again, one by one, so the serum can fix them up properly.
“What does that mean?”
“It’ll be alright, sweetheart. We’re going home. We’re together again, finally. Everything will be alright, I promise.”
“Yes. And it defines us, doesn’t it? And it may not be the same thing, but how can someone like me, in good conscience, how can I look at him and decide that no,
Tony opens his eyes. “That was the worst part,” he repeats, out of breath.
She hesitates. “Okay. Okay, I will,” she says in the end.
Steve looks down. “I didn’t mean the team,” he says, calm and quiet.
weird Alpha, Tony Stark.” He could have said it in a dozen different ways, most of them bad or threatening, but Steve chooses the most harmless one instead, a fond laugh at the background of it.
And while he speaks Tony does the thing, that thing Italians do when they push all their fingertips together and drag their hand to their chest and it’s so absurd and so, so funny and Steve has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep himself from bursting out laughing.
“Where are we going?”
He pushes a couple of fingers into Tony again, stretching the rim around his own dick and reaching deeper inside him. He licks the glimmering slick off his hand.
“Remember I had to excuse myself right after—”
The kiss ends, and Steve uses two of his fingers to force his way into Tony’s mouth—even though Tony isn’t really putting up any serious resistance, Steve isn’t at all kind about it. Tony closes his lips around Steve’s fingers, tight, as if they were his dick, lets saliva pool on his tongue and coats them with it.
Those are the first words he’s heard Tony say the whole day, and they aren’t for Steve, and Steve can’t even understand them.
And of course, of course. Tony rubs his eyes and his forehead, presses a couple of fingers to his temple. He doesn’t know what happened; he was asleep.
But Steve—
He falls to his knees on the gravel, water still lapping at his feet, and Tony scrambles to kneel in front of him, still touching his face, and Steve feels so cold, so cold, he’s never been so cold…
He breaks the filter off the cigarette and places it between his lips. He stops with the matchstick already lit in his hand.
He listens to Tony’s breathing, the muffled beat of Tony’s heart under his hand, his own heart matching every
Steve. For months.
One morning Steve and Tony are woken up by the Avengers alarm blaring through every room of the tower. They suit up quickly, deal with the Wrecking Crew, come back home in time for lunch, debriefing included. In the afternoon, Tony runs to R&D for an important experiment with Riri, Steve has a sparring session scheduled with Natasha.
. He brings it back to the guest house, and sets the table while he waits for Tony. Maybe he should put the clams in a pan or something, but he’s not really sure what Tony wants to do with them, and he doesn’t want to risk ruining dinner.
Then, the inevitable.
“It wasn’t just... an itch. That night, I mean. I don’t know why I said that.” Tony can feel Steve’s sigh of relief shake his chest through the mattress, deep and unbridled. “It was important. For me.”
“So you didn’t kiss me, before, because…?”
“Got you a sandwich,” he says. “Prosciutto crudo and fontina—a type of cheese. It’s good.”
“It doesn’t matter.”
For a moment, he thinks nothing of it. Tony will get back up like he always does.
Tony laughs to himself while Steve reads the tourist information out loud. He remembers the story: Galgano Guidotti converted to Christianism after a ruthless youth, and decided to become a hermit. To prove his faith, he planted his sword into the ground, so he could use it as a cross, for prayer. Legend says that since that moment, no one has ever been able to remove the sword from the ground, which became as hard as a stone. Galgano was canonized shortly after his death.
He rinses his hands, places a towel on his shoulder, grabs the razor. He waits a second for his muscle memory to kick in, to remember how it’s best for him to hold the blade. He likes how it feels in his hand. Its weight is the same as it has ever been.
He’s in pain. His cock hurts. His head hurts. His skin hurts.
Tony comes in Steve’s throat and trembles in his arms for a while, then says, “Please, fuck me. As hard as you can.” And Steve does.
“It’s very pretty, yeah.”
Instead he looks down, rubs his left arm with his right hand for a bit, then gets up and walks to the car.
“She really knows you, huh?”
“Always, Tony. Always,” Steve says, and with the words Tony feels it in his mind too, how much Steve loves him. It illuminates the darkness, the dark clouds of Tony’s worst thoughts, and it makes space for a little warmth and quiet, and Tony feels reordered, repaired, pieced back together.
good. He doesn’t know if it’s the air, the countryside, the sun, Tony’s presence, his voice saying all those names in Italian…
There’s T'Challa. There’s Colonel Rhodes. There’s Natasha. And then, there’s Bucky.
Steve comes at some point, but he almost doesn’t even notice. He stays hard as a rock, doesn’t want to catch his breath—he doesn’t need to. He only needs Tony.
“I’m... I’m so sorry,” Steve rasps out, he can barely get the sentence past his lips. There’s something clenching in his chest, a cold hand clutching at his heart, and squeezing it, merciless and insidious.
That’s just Tony. He just
“You shrank yourself with the laser? Like that movie Clint made us watch?”
A couple of weeks later, and everything went to shit.
There are two toothbrushes in the cup, Tony notices that night, and he’s the opposite of surprised.
“No, no, I do, I just. I was just wondering. Did you notice a, uh, a pattern, let’s say, to our activities.”
“My mother was born here, you know. She inherited the house and decided to turn it into a hotel.” Tony smiles to himself. “She was such a practical person. She always saw the potential of things.”
Steve’s comment is met with a stunned silence that’s barely noticeable in the deserted gym at... almost 2 in the morning. The criticism is mild and kindly offered, but Tony feels called out by it nonetheless.
At some point, they even manage to change the sheets and take an actual shower. Tony is pretty impressed with it.
He only looks like Steve, and yet everyone, including Tony, believed that he
Steve knows from the rhythm of his breathing that Tony isn’t asleep, and after a few minutes of silence and overthinking he decides that he’s gonna ask Tony, after all.
Ten years’ worth of it.
When Tony wakes up next, he feels empty and terrified, cold and alone. There’s nothing inside him. Steve isn’t next to him in bed.
“No, baby. They’re locked up.”
Thor clasps his shoulder with his flesh hand and opens his mouth to say something, so Tony asks him about Jane Foster before he can talk. She’s responding well to treatment and Tony’s heart fills with joy at the news. Thor looks at him, then, and nods almost imperceptibly, and Tony thinks that he’s known Thor for longer than he’s known Steve, and isn’t that weird. He feels like there was never a time in his life when he didn’t know Steve.
The oscillations of a grandfather clock.
He had almost given up hope. But now it’s here, rushing into him like a current, making his skin prickle with the sheer joy it brings him.
Tony presses his shirt to Steve’s face. To Steve’s nose.
“Better than Berlin for sure. Or Leipzig.”
“I… no. No, I didn’t. Come on. Don’t wanna be late.”
She sniffs, and as usual it’s like an alarm goes off in Tony’s head.
“What?” Tony asks, and looks down at Maria again, worried.
“Will do. Gotta go.”
“You appreciate that this feels like destiny or some shit, because you’re romantic like that. What’s next, you’re gonna write
It’s been a year, and he should start moving on, or at least make his peace with what happened. Accept it. There’s a revolution to fight for; they have to take back their country, and Steve needs to be at his best for that.
but thinks better of it at the last moment. He wonders if things in his life would be better if he asked these kinds of questions. Especially to Steve.
He deserves it, let’s face it.
“You were crying just now. Sorry for being a decent person and—”
“Shit, Steve,” Tony says, and he sits on the bed, his thigh touching Steve’s. When he speaks next, his voice is low, crestfallen. “I’m sorry. I don’t even know why I’m mad, really. That they made us so easily, maybe. That I let them hurt you like this.”
“Alright.”
(See the end of the chapter for
When he moves, Steve is fast and sure.
It made Steve feel strangely accepted.
“He had always been drunk when it happened, and your mother used that to… not justify, but rationalize it in a way.”
He turns, and Steve is closer than Tony thought. He’s looking down at him in a curious way. A smile dances on his face.
Mamma, papà non mi vuole molto bene, vero?
He changes into day clothes, takes his phone and his tablet, picks up the blanket from the back of the couch on his way out. He spreads it a bit closer to the oak tree, where the shade is deeper. It’s very warm today, and he’s glad he doesn’t have to wear the undershirt.
“Just French and German. And the songs in Irish. Also, I think I’ve heard Rhodey talk to her in Urdu once.”
“Hey, speak for yourself. I’ll have you know I’m still as sharp as ever.”
Tony grabs Steve’s arm, but they both know there’s exactly fuck all he can do to stop Steve if he wants to do this, except calling for the suit.
disagreeing. We don’t need to see eye to eye on every issue, it’s actually best if we don’t. What we need to do is not fight about it. It’s using the disagreement to predict more outcomes, to figure out better solutions.”
“No. Fuck, no.” Steve takes a deep breath, gathering his patience as much as his thoughts. “I did it. And I knew it’d hurt you and I kept doing it. But don’t assume, Tony, not even for a second, that it was easy. I betrayed you. I knew what I was doing. But it was the hardest thing I’ve done in my life. The hardest thing.”
—no matter what happens, no matter the circumstances, I will never,
Steve lets out a fragile, shaky keen that sounds like
Tony’s sob is loud in the silence of the living room, and watching him like this, succumbing to his exhaustion, without knowing how to help, makes something clench around Steve’s heart.
Steve looks at him. “You should’ve been the leader since the beginning. I wasn’t ready. I needed time to recover and instead SHIELD…”
“Oh, goody,” says Tony, gently nudging Peter with his elbow.  “Did ya hear that, bud?  Steve says you’re gonna be even more hungry than usual.”
Tony thought bitterly.
"Captain Rogers," Helen said gently, placing a soft hand on Steve's shoulder. "Captain, you're going to need surgery on your foot. There's a surgeon already flying down here from New York, and—"
Steve chuckled as he watched Peter scramble towards the house, no doubt to retrieve the forgotten toothbrush. As soon as the door closed behind him, Steve took Tony's hand, tugging him up to his feet. Peter's sudden appearance had managed to quell Steve's raging desire just enough for him to be able to stand without embarrassment, so he figured he may as well try and take advantage of it.
“Nah, Papa, I don't believe that,” Peter said.  “You had it in you all along.  All Dad and I did was show you where it was hiding.”
"Shut up, you goddamn brat!" Stane yelled as he got right into Image Peter's face. "You will comply or you will die, you got that? And once we have you, we're gonna do the same thing to every single member of that family of yours, you understand me? Every single one, starting with that asshole Captain America! And then we'll see how high and mighty you all are up there in your goddamn Tower!"
With a snarl, Stane stepped back, nodding at the Winter Soldier carrying the sceptre. "Give him a zap."
"Pete, you gotta let go!" Dad's terrified voice cried into his ear. "Buddy, I promise I'm gonna catch you!"
Tony huffed in frustration, pressing his palm to his chest as he resumed his pacing. "Can you double-check the location for me, J?"
But that would be admitting that something was finally starting to go Tony's way, and since Tony couldn't remember the last time that had happened it was almost too damn hard for him to admit that it could be now.
with them. At the moment it was mainly just a pride thing.
"And Mr Stacy will be there too, don't forget," Peter said. "I'm sure he'll be keeping his eyes open."
“That’s my boy.”  Tony pressed a soft kiss to the top of Peter’s head, ruffling his hair a bit before he headed into the kitchen.  He hadn’t been exaggerating when he’d told Steve that he couldn't cook, but he did at least know how to unwrap a bag of microwave popcorn and turn the thing on.  After that, it was up to JARVIS to make sure the stuff didn't burn.
"Honey, I know. I was listening the whole time, and—" Tony broke off, swallowing hard. It wouldn't do any good to make Steve feel worse than he obviously was already. "You're sure that asshole Rumlow is dead now though, right?"
Or, maybe he had left the bus, joined in the fight, and been beamed up to the ship, but then Tony had safely returned him to the Tower and the watchful eyes of George Stacy, allowing Tony to fly to Wakanda along with the rest of the team to help protect the Soul Stone.
"No, Dad, she wasn't wrong, it was awesome having them with me!" said Peter. "Captain Wilson even taught me this really cool card game, and—"
"You're such a damn terrible liar, Rogers," Tony said, matching Steve's smirk. "You're lucky I love you."
The man gave a jerky nod, prompting Steve to ask, "Who did this? Who gave you those orders? Why would they want you to attack Peter, he's just a boy!"
"Wilson here," said Sam from somewhere behind Steve.
If this didn't work—
"Mmm," grumbled Tony. "Not like that's anything new. Kid's been worrying about me his entire life."
"Tony?" he whispered. "What—what's all this?"
"Well, I'm sure it'll be a hard sell, but I don't see why we can't at least try," Tony said, winking. "You know how much Pete hates exploring new places."
"We'll be happy to put Mr Pym in touch with Maria Hill, one of our deputy directors here at SHIELD," said Steve. "I'm sure she'll be able to figure out a way to keep this Cross person from trying to do… whatever it is he's trying to do."
"Yeah."
"Oh, you know Tony'll just make you some new ones," said Natasha.
invincible, he would hopefully be okay.
"Very good, Captain."
Shuddering, Steve took a large gulp of the coffee, grimacing as the bitter, lukewarm liquid slid down his throat and into his empty stomach. Natasha had brought him some food a few hours ago and insisted that he eat it, even staying to watch him for a few minutes to ensure that he followed her orders. But while Steve had put everything else on pause since Tony got back, his metabolism hadn't yet seen fit to take a hiatus, and he knew he was going to have to get something else to eat soon or his chances of staying awake would soon drop to zero.
just stop, okay? For me?"
"P-peter?" Papa gasped, his right eye opening just enough for him to look up towards Peter's face. But instead of relaxing a bit Papa immediately tensed, his cheeks going pale beneath their multitude of bruises and his hands shaking in fright. "Who—who're you? What've you done with my son? Oh God, what've you done to my son?"
"That," Tony finished. He let out an excited gasp, his body literally buzzing with adrenaline. "Oh gods, Colonel, Steve is really coming home!"
"Uh huh. You too."
"All right," said Auntie Nat, patting Peter's knee. "Then it sounds like you're pretty much set."
"Steve,
"Well, if that's the case, then why didn't you and Captain Rogers go to New Asgard with your dad?" asked Gwen.
, and—"
"Oh, were you now?" Tony said, unable to hide his own smile. "Well, then I guess it's okay."
"Uhh, yeah," he stammered, an embarrassed blush already creeping up his cheeks and down his neck.
"No. This is no time to be talking like that," Steve said in his Captain's voice. "Now's not the time to give up, sweetheart. You and I… we're gonna need to heal if we're ever going to be able to move on."
Even one will be better than nothing.
And then he'd proceeded to kiss Tony breathless. Again.
"Uncle Bucky, stay with Gwen!" Peter yelled, locking eyes just long enough with his beloved uncle to show him that he was serious. Uncle Bucky's metal arm would only attract the monster, and that plus the fact that he couldn't reveal his enhanced abilities without blowing his cover meant that he just needed to get Gwen to safety and let Peter take care of the rest of the people.
"Tony—" Steve started.
"Probably. Like I said at the hearing, I specifically made sure to fulfill all of my existing military contracts, but once that was done—"
And if Steve was still alive, if he hadn't somehow drawn the short straw like Tony, then how in the hell was Tony ever going to face him again, knowing that he'd allowed Peter to die right in front of him?
❤ = you wish you could kudos again
Yet another so-called "incident" that the Air Corps had been less than forthcoming about. All that Steve's team had been told when it happened was that it had been caused by some kind of equipment malfunction, but Steve had just so happened to be awake and reading in his barracks room on the night in question, and while he didn't exactly understand what the bright yellow beam of light was that impacted Colonel Rhodes' aircraft, it sure hadn't seemed like it was just a regular run-of-the-mill equipment malfunction.
It felt like only a few seconds had gone by when Tony suddenly jerked awake, certain that he'd felt Peter's elbow dig into his side. Peeling his eyes open, he was startled to find that it was already dark outside, with the stars glowing in the distance through the wide windows.
"Yes, it is," agreed Sharon. "But again, I'm sure he'll perk up when he sees you."
"Oh, you think?" Dad yelped. "Even more reason to get the hell off this rock! The Avengers need our help!" With a grunt, Dad pushed himself up to his feet, bringing Peter with him. "Buddy, I know you're pretty fried at the moment, but let's see what we can do with this ship, yeah? Papa needs us."
“Uh huh.”
Tears stung Tony's eyes, and he tipped his forehead against Steve's collarbone. "You really do love him like a son, hmm?"
"And I know Joseph would've been too," she added as she pulled Tony into a hug, planting a kiss on his cheek. "Oh, how I wish he could've seen this!"
“Ah, JARVIS?” he quietly asked.  “Um… what the heck am I looking at?”
Maybe it would be better if he were dead. If they were all dead. Then none of them would be left behind, forced to grieve.
He had finally done it.  He had finally stepped out from beneath Howard’s shadow.
"Steve," Tony whimpered, his fingers fisting into Steve’s t-shirt. "Honey, we can't—we can't lose him. Not now, not after—"
While he and Steve hadn't yet moved much beyond kissing—a
"Yeah." Tony didn't move as Rhodey left the room, not taking his eyes off the monitor in front of him, and the lines of code that were systematically scrolling across it from bottom to top. He had already been over every single aspect of the X-302’s systems at least three times and found nothing that he could pinpoint as the source of the problem, but he figured it couldn't hurt to check them again.
"Tesseract is away," Steve said about three heartbeats later. "Sending activation code… now."
and reached for the boxed set.  He took it from the shelf with shaking fingers, flipping it over to see the back, his jaw dropping as he read it over.  He had heard about the original Bloomsbury limited editions of
Or probably a bit of both.
"Your father had another nightmare, little guy," Steve said gently as he came up behind Tony, curling his strong arms around them both. He drew them back onto the bed, holding them as tightly as he dared while Tony breathed in the comforting scent of Peter's hair, the green apple shampoo he'd always adored.
And as badly as he just wanted to get home, he was absolutely
Natasha immediately planted her feet and launched a Widow's Bite from each wrist, catching the creature on its midsection and causing a brief hole to form.
"Because he's a Stark," Steve spat out, his stomach giving a violent lurch as he clenched his fingers around his superwater bottle. "There's really no other reason. I've been doing a lot of digging lately, and that's the only reason that I've been able to come up with that makes any sense. They're using Peter to both punish Tony for what his father did and to keep Tony in line."
"So he wouldn't try to take it from you," Steve murmured. "That's understandable, sweetheart."
Well, Steve supposed it was about the same as asking his Howling Commandos to risk their lives to liberate yet another tiny Austrian village from the clutches of HYDRA.
"No, that won't work," warned Uncle Sam. "I'm telling you, he's too smart for that."
could construct the model to present to the Joint Chiefs, and then step back and watch as they proceeded to drool all over themselves, something Tony was convinced that Obie got off on.  He was never in a better mood than he was after one of those presentations.
"Thank you, Captain," said Stacy. "Mr Stark, please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you."
“Ah, yes.  The sneak attack.  Very good, Captain,” says Thor.  “And quite effective, I must add.  There was a battle I once fought on Vanaheim that would’ve ended up being a total loss if I hadn’t—”
Mr Clean's brow furrowed. "I am not in a class. In fact, and I am sorry to have to be the one to tell you, but at the moment, neither are you."
"But he does exist!" Peter snapped. "And the sooner you start admitting that to yourself the better you'll be! And he thinks this can work! He even helped me with a bit of the code, so—"
Grabbing their usual array of sandwiches and bottles of superwater, he and Tony ate in relative silence, clinging to each other's hands by the light of a lone handlamp as Steve's old big band music played in the background. For only one evening's work they had managed to get quite a bit accomplished, but the plans weren't completed yet. There were still way too many unanswered questions for Steve's taste, the most important of those being who else in the Air Corps would support Project Phoenix, and who would not.
Tony reached for Steve's hand as soon as he backed away from Peter's bed, leading him silently back to their bedroom. Then he crawled back up onto the bed and opened his arms, and Steve didn't hesitate for one second to dive right into them, tucking his head securely under Tony's chin. He breathed in deeply, inhaling the delicious scent of his husband, allowing it to envelope him like a warm blanket. Tony's arms were like a sanctuary, the one place where Steve knew without a doubt that it was okay to let down his guard and allow his fears to come to the surface, however temporarily.
"Um… yeah, it's—it's JARVIS, but—" Peter cut off as he suddenly felt that odd sensation of ice cubes behind dumped down his shirt, causing him to shiver. He quickly turned to face the window, gasping as another freezing-cold bolt raced down his spine.
"It's fine, Dad," Peter said quickly. "You know how much I've missed working in the lab."
If he were braver, he would've banned it from the house altogether, especially since Howard's indulgence in the whisky—and his absolute dependence on, for that matter—had been steadily increasing over the years. As it was, Tony tried to justify it by telling himself that very few things brought Howard Stark any true joy, and so if the occasional glass—or three—happened to provide him with just enough to help make Tony and Peter's lives a bit easier, well, then Tony supposed it was worth it for the peace it provided.
.  The item he’d sandwiched in between
It wasn't until Tony had reached the sanctity of his own office that he’d realised he was shaking so badly that his knees were threatening to give out.  That had been the first time since he’d taken over as CEO that he had ever truly stood up for himself with Obie, the first time that Tony had basically told Obie to go jump into a bottomless lake, and it had been one of the most liberating experiences of his life.
"Nah, I can understand that. When I was a kid I thought it was the coolest thing ever to be a pilot. Little did I know that I'd have no chance in hell of ever being considered."
There were still so many uncertainties. Peter's symptoms, the alien army Tony saw out in space, and the strange blue gem housed on the end of Loki's staff just to name a few. But the one thing that Steve knew without a doubt was that he was in love with Tony Stark and his precious son, and that they loved him.
"No, but you probably didn't tell her that you weren't supposed to be—you know what, nevermind." Tony let out a heavy sigh as he stepped into the family hug. "I'm too tired to argue with you about this, Pete, but you absolutely cannot say anything about Papa's mission until he says it's okay, you got that?"
Scott bobbed his head. "Yeah, okay. Thank you, Captain. I really appreciate this."
"Yeah, sorry, but he's sleeping. Doctor's orders."
With a heavy sigh, Peter archived the file and selected the next, promising himself that this would the the last one he'd do for the night.
"Yes, those will definitely be nice to have back as well," agreed General Arnold. "I guess the one upside to the Pentagon's ancient communications system is that we haven't had to rely on the cell towers, but—"
Actually, it was worse.
Steve frowned. "Okay, but didn't he resign from SHIELD in the eighties?"
A "suit of armour around the world", he'd said to Steve late one night.
"What in the hell kind of file is this?" Peter murmured as he blinked again, allowing his vision to relax into the honeycomb-like state that it tended towards when he was tired. The technical term for it was compound vision, which was commonly found in insects—although not spiders, funnily enough—and Peter usually hated it as it often gave him headaches if he didn't get his glasses on in time, but now…
"Yep," Peter said. "I'm ready."
"As long as the computer systems in the X-302s can handle the extra block of coding," Dad said excitedly. "Which they should since I specifically left extra room inside the aircraft's mainframe just in case I needed to add more information to the guidance systems, but since none of the pilots are gonna need the extra help with guidance then there should be plenty of room, so—gods, Pete, you are
"I think we need to head down to Wakanda," he said. "We need to warn King T'Challa and his people of what's coming."
smile that Tony adored. "Maybe. But what I was going to say is that Peter helped me become more comfortable with who I really am. Before the serum I couldn't really do much of anything physically so I would just draw all the time, but afterwards I was so eager to shed that whole weak persona of mine that I guess I decided I needed to hide the aspects of my personality that I thought didn't match my new body."
"But—but," Steve sputtered. He couldn't understand why Tony was making it so difficult. "I'll be fine, Tony. I'm just a bit rattled, so I thought if we—"
Peter's already pale cheeks paled even more as he fiddled with his polar bear's ear, his lower lip trembling.
Bucky's nostrils flared in anger. "And his hands?"
"Course he's good," Peter mumbled, barely loud enough for Tony to hear. "More time for him to stare at Papa with no shirt on."
, he thought fiercely. '
Tony rolled his eyes. "You know, Barton, this is why I don't even—"
Something about the tone of Papa's voice, the way it quivered ever-so-slightly, was eerie enough to send an ice-cold shiver down Peter's spine, the shiver he'd come to recognise as his Spider Sense. Something was badly wrong.
he thinks, internally chuckling at the absurdity of it.  He used to say that all the time back when he was skinny and sickly, blithely refusing offers of help after the death of his ma and insisting that he could take care of himself just fine.
He was impeccably dressed, with his hair perfectly in place. He had even forgone his usual glasses for some brand-new contact lenses, a luxury he'd never before been able to afford.
Steve smiled, flashing the dimple that never failed to get Tony weak in the knees. "Well, I have to admit that I'm a bit partial to it myself," he said, planting a kiss on Tony's temple before placing his hand on Peter's shoulder. "Hey, little guy. You feel like doing a quick fishing trip before dinner?"
"January the first," said Ned. "But it was originally published anonymously. The novel didn't officially carry Mary Shelley's name until it was rereleased in 1823."
Steve huffed out a frustrated sigh as he wound his arm around Tony's shoulders. "There's no new information, and judging by where in Africa the event occurred, there probably won't be any anytime soon. Director Fury told me that this country, Wakanda, doesn't talk to the outside world all that much."
“Oh, that’s okay,” said Ned.  “I guess I’ll just see ya on Monday then.  We’re gonna be gone at my grandma’s house all day tomorrow.”
Glancing up at the clock, Peter braced himself as the bell rang, announcing the end of the lunch hour.
"Cap, I think we've got a situation here," Sam said, pointing to the sky. "Look!"
"Grandpa was here," he said softly. "He came by early this morning and I wasn't gonna—he asked me not to tell you, but—"
“See what?” Tony asked with a frown.  “What’s so obvious?”
"Yeah, go ahead and render them up at the Compound. Better safe than sorry."
"Not too bad," answered Tony. "Looks like Colonel Phillips is gonna get the designs of both of the new airliners tomorrow instead of just the one."
Steve shook his head. "I thought about it, but I'm thinking no for this time. I think I'd prefer it just be the three of us."
love him that damn much, so much that it caused him physical pain every single time Steve started in on one of his self-deprecating rants.
"Okay, but what's cryokin—" Steve started, just as Tony let out a gasp.
Peter shot her one of his
I can control it.  I need to control it.
Steve beamed as he took a mouthful of his own soup, closing his eyes against the wave of nostalgia that hit him square in the chest. Peter had told Steve the previous summer that tuberculosis was no longer an issue in the U.S., that it was barely even talked about, and Steve couldn't help but feel a bit bitter about the fact that his ma had had to die such a horrible death from an illness that was nothing more than a footnote in most medical texts only a few decades later.
The kind that he'd experienced in the throes of his highest childhood fevers, and when he had been pulled into the ice.
“‘Cause even bullets that act like bombs still just look like bullets,” Peter murmured.  “Which means… no one would question it.”
"We will, Nat. Thanks."
"I can ask them!" Peter said excitedly. "I'll ask them as soon as we're done eating!"
"What the hell?" Tony muttered as he grabbed onto Peter's elbow, heading over to Strange. "Uh, Strange? Are we all right here?"
"Yeah?"
And Tony loved him for it.
Which then also begged the question, why was Project Rebirth halted after his conversion? If the Langaran military had intended to create an entire army of so-called super soldiers, why had they stopped with only him?
"Hey, little guy!" Papa said from the monitor in Peter's room, his over-enthusiastic greeting doing absolutely nothing to hide the intense fatigue and worry lining his face. They were sitting inside what looked like a huge stone building or bunker, not too unlike the one where he was taken by Obie and Killian.
"Oh. But why—?"
"Hey, kiddo, how're you doing," Rhodey said into the phone, a wide smile stretching across his face as Tony heard Peter launch into some explanation of something or other that he was excited about. Tony watched Rhodey wistfully as he took a tentative sip of the hot coffee, a plethora of emotions fighting for control inside his mind. Before he'd handed him the phone Rhodey had been stressed, likely neck deep in paperwork for the Air Corps cadet squadrons that he oversaw and no doubt in pain from the back and leg braces that he'd depended on to help him walk ever since his accident.
Tony huffed out a sharp breath, squeezing his eyes closed. He honestly had no idea what to say to Peter, which was one of the main reasons why he'd so far chosen to say nothing.
"Okay, but that doesn't really matter now since Fury obviously believed that you might be able to help us," said Natasha. "So… it's really good to have you here."
"Your Highness," he said, offering the king a short bow. "If you don't mind, there's something I need to discuss with you."
“Good.”  Releasing Tony’s shoulders, Steve lays back, grunting as a twinge of burning pain shoots up his leg.  Even with the serum, he’s not going to be able to help much with any reconnaissance, which means he’s going to have to rely on Tony for pretty much everything.
"That's always been HYDRA's goal," Steve said quietly. "You heard Zola in that recording, he came right out and said that they wanted to take humanity's freedoms and replace them with chaos, and chaos always induces fear."
At least then they could’ve faced this end together, if indeed it is to be their end.
"Hmm," said Thanos as he took another step. "This day extracts a heavy toll. Still, he accomplished his mission."
"Peter?" he said, thick with concern. "You stick close, you got that? I want you to make sure you can see one of us at all times."
Tony scoffed, but nodded anyway. "Yes, Captain," he said with a smirk. "Probably the only way you'll let me leave the kitchen, yeah?"
Tony rolled his eyes.
“But, when?” Peter asked.  “Daddy, I’m really worried about him!”
"Thanks for your time, gentlemen," Anthony said from his perch in the control room. "See ya in a few days."
"What's the big deal?" Steve exclaimed. "Tony, in case you haven't noticed, you're a pretty big deal to me! And you know I don't like it when you keep secrets from me!"
And while Steve was grateful for the extra protection that the suits provided, especially for Peter, he did not like how stressed out Tony had become because of it, and his complete failure to help alleviate even a tiny amount of Tony's stress even less so. Steve always had far, far preferred to be on the offensive instead of defensive and had always despised waiting, so this whole waiting-around-for-something-to-happen and trying-to-prepare-for-anything mentality he was in was not only harder than hell, it was also just plain annoying.
"Can you do me one favour, please?" he asked as he slipped his arm around Tony's waist. "Can you first ask Dr Strange if this is how we can win?"
Tony's throat tightened, and he squeezed his eyes closed, refusing to respond. Even after being together for four years and married for two and a half, it still amazed him at times how well Steve could read him.
“The kid did?” Steve asks.  “From where?”
He needs a break, honey. We all just need a goddamn
"Anytime," he said.
His gaze locked on the shield, Steve clenched his jaw, slowly curling his fingers in towards his palms. Then he readied his stance, huffing out three short, sharp breaths before slamming his right fist directly into the white centre star. The pain in his hands and fingers, which had dulled down a bit during his break, immediately skyrocketed to stratospheric levels, nearly causing Steve to keel over as he quickly drove his left fist into the star, the audible
warm.
damnit—the man seemed to be completely oblivious to his effect on people.
"It's weird," Tony said as Steve guided him over to the metal bleachers along the third baseline. "I don't think I've ever seen this part of the base during the day."
"I want
"Do what?" asked Steve.
"There's been," Steve croaked, clearing his throat. "There's been another attack, in Africa."
"This part didn't hurt, sweetheart," Steve said, biting down on his bottom lip. That wasn't exactly the truth, but… "And Peter can't feel anything right now, remember?"
"I love you," he said as he leaned forward and buried his nose into Steve's neck, almost too choked up to get the words out. Steve smelled like shaving cream and the hospital soap that he'd just used to wash him, but underneath it there was still that lingering scent of vanilla that Tony had always loved.
"Oh, wait!" Gwen shrieked as soon as Peter had turned his back. He twirled back around, nearly sending his backpack flying off his shoulder.
In that moment, in that single moment of perfection, all his sins are atoned, and he’s free of guilt and burden.
“Tony—”
“I... I don’t.”
Steve, the Steve inside Tony’s mind, presses his chest against Tony’s back, engulfing him in a beautiful warmth. It would be like yesterday, while Tony was cooking the fish, but more. So much more.
“Dying?” he asks.
Every night, after eating his dinner, the man comes inside Tony and leaves. Tony lies on the bed for a bit, shivering, then gets up and feels the man’s orgasm trickle out of him. He runs to the toilet and throws up, or at least coughs and retches his disgust into the metal bowl. Then, he washes himself with water marked as non-potable and tries not to look at the man’s come mixing up with his own blood on the skin of his inner thighs.
“It’s not pain, exactly. It’s more a soreness and... you’re aware there’s something in you that doesn’t quite fit with the rest. And it’s there all the time.”
By the time Steve is done staring at everything with his mouth hanging open, Tony looks like he’s about to bang his head on the first available wall that won’t get him in trouble with UNESCO. And Steve’s stomach grumbles.
“I hurt you.”
“Alright. Alright. Listen... you could maybe hear from Sam in the next couple of days. Maybe.”
But it doesn’t last more than a few minutes.
“Steve, I—”
But still, for the first couple of weeks he keeps thinking things like
“I’m awake!” Steve says all of a sudden in the middle of the night, sitting bolt upright and waking Tony up.
“And I saw the future, as you like to say. I calculated probabilities based on existing data, constructed scenarios, predicted risk and estimated damage.
With his heart still in his throat, Tony notices that he’s hard. The tip of his cock, fat and wet, tents the waistband of his underwear away from his belly. There’s a dark spot on the silk.
He doesn’t want to hurt Tony.
He comes to terms with it in an unplanned moment of mercy for himself: he’s spent more time with Tony than he ever spent with Peggy, he knows him more intimately than he ever had the chance to know her. He wanted to be inside her just as much as he wants to be inside Tony now; he dreamed about doing to her the same things he wants to do to Tony now, even though back then he’d blush at these thoughts, because it was unbecoming of a nice fella like him to think such things about his girl. He wouldn’t have those qualms now, he sure doesn’t have them for Tony. He knows Peggy wanted him just as bad, he knows Tony would too, if not for Steve’s betrayal. He knows Tony did want him, that night.
“Don’t stop. Go on. I’m here.”
“Steve…”
“Me too.”
“We fell asleep?” Steve rubs his eyes, and despite his long beard, the gesture makes him look painfully young.
“Come on. Eyes up,” Steve says, holding the bag for Tony. “Remember, core strength.”
“If Spider-Man gets Doom to send him back in time, this entire reality—our reality—could disappear. Maybe we never even really existed in the first place, we are just the temporary product of a mistake. An illusion. All our memories, everything we lived—”
“I am in love with you, but I understand if you don’t feel the same way. We’ll work it out. Right?”
Air gets stuck inside Tony’s lungs. He feels his heart speed up; it pounds in his ears while blood rushes through him. He feels hot all over, then suddenly very cold.
“You can sleep for a bit. I’ll wake you up in time for dinner.”
“Steve, I need you to… please, I’m…”
He feels something touch his head, and through the dizziness of pleasure he realizes Tony is stroking his hair, staring at Steve’s hairline like it holds all the secrets of the universe, his bright eyes wide with wonder.
“Yeah, sorry. I’m—”
“Hey, sweetheart,” he says.
“I know. Try to resist. Just a minute.”
to be there. He had promised.
He’s never felt more alone in his life, and this time he’s not okay with it.
He shakes his head, as much as the position allows him, and turns to hide his face into Tony’s belly, against the excess of fat there. Tony’s ashamed of it, so he tries to suck it in, make his abdomen seem toned, pretend he sometimes remembered to work out during those months he spent holed up in the workshop trying to fit his armor into two strips of metal.
“I didn’t know you were the jealous type,” Tony says quietly while they reach the car.
“Remember… first time we kissed?”
“You’ve always been such a practical man.”
He looks around his bedroom, the corner with all of Maria’s things, and he feels like he’s failing at this. Spectacularly so.
“Hi. How do you feel?”
Steve comes back almost every day. It’s fantastic.
“You think so?”
“I think that it’s a very beautiful story.”
Tony, he’s—
Did I do it all wrong, Stella? I see the sun burning inside my baby fade away more and more every day, and it's Howard's fault, but maybe it's also mine.
A sentiment that Dad seemed to share, given that he was glaring missiles in Dr Strange's direction, who seemed to be completely oblivious to Dad's current state of freakout.
"No thank you, sir," answered Steve. "I'm fine."
He cared about
“I agree, sir,” JARVIS cut in, and Tony could’ve sworn that he almost sounded worried.  “I will report back as soon as I can.”
"As a matter of fact, I did indeed, sir," answered JARVIS.
Peter cried as he pulled Gwen to her feet, placing her behind him and cursing the fact that he hadn't brought a set of web shooters with him. His dads had taken his suit away, but Peter had built no less than three extra sets of web shooters since then, and usually had a set on him at all times just in case.
“Yeah, bud, I do,” Dad murmured into his hair, squeezing him close.  “Pete, I… I don't deserve you.  I never have.”
Peter was out before he could even respond.
"Dude, the guy's going into the penalty box," said Uncle Clint through a mouthful of something. "He got called for slashing!"
Just as he had the previous day, Steve managed to completely lose track of the time as he and Peter proceeded to create an entire backstory about the blue and red momma bird and her three eggs, complete with what career paths the chicks would choose and whether or not one of them would be allergic to worms, requiring the momma to bring her bugs to eat instead.
"And you are absolutely sure, Mr Stark, that now that this Adrian Toomes has been apprehended that the convoys are safe to proceed?" asked Senator Davis, his syrupy tone with just enough of an edge of condescension to be obvious causing Tony's fists to clench at his sides. "Because I don't believe it would be in anyone's best interests to have yet another attack take place."
"Oh, it's not—it's not really a thing," replied Quill.
In fact, it seemed like just the opposite.  Almost like he was
"And he did, Tony," said Steve. "Sam told me downstairs, when you were still getting dressed that just about everyone in Langara already knows what Peter did. That he literally saved not only me, but our entire planet. Apparently it's been on the news, now that the news people can actually report the real news, so… Peter's a hero, sweetheart. And everyone knows it."
As Thanos' eyes swept across the ruins of the planet, he let out a low growl, his already nasty-looking face transforming into a deep scowl as he drew his gauntlet-covered fingers into a tight fist.
Burning hot rage welled up inside Tony's gut, and he let out a growl as he was finally able to connect the hose, nearly sobbing when Peter whimpered softly and smacked his lips before sucking in a deep, rattling breath.
“I didn’t know you had curls,” Steve replies, with the tone of someone who didn’t want those words to get past their lips at all.
Steve grabs Tony’s t-shirt in his fist, and Tony is reminded of a child who hasn’t developed fine motor skills yet: each movement rough, unrefined, abrupt. He’s not scared, but he wishes Steve would release him.
Tony looks at the city below him, the penthouse completely dark around him. He’s still wearing the robe Steve gave him in the gym, muttering some excuses about not being able to find Tony’s t-shirt. His pants were a complete loss.
“You know what really pisses me off about the Accords? That none of you believed I could handle Ross when necessary. I’ve been dealing with those kinds of people, with these kinds of messes my whole life, and none of you could stop and think for a minute that maybe I could see a way out. Because how can former Merchant of Death, Ultron-creating, irresponsible man-child, and narcissist extraordinaire Tony Stark possibly know what to do, right?”
He screams.
“Tony, can you hear me? Oh, god.”
“Go wash up. I’ll make you breakfast.”
“Move. Please, move.”
Steve kneels on the floor and surges forward to put Tony’s cock back in his mouth, and in no time Tony is again on the brink of his orgasm.
“I’m glad you came back. Maria likes you,” Tony starts, but it’s not what he wants to say.
The new rush of guilt spreads suddenly into Steve from the nape of his neck. It makes his shoulders prickle with shame and regret. He did this. He did this to Tony.
“Shit,” Nat says.
“Thank you for ordering this for me. I really like it,” Steve says, because it’s true and because he needs to say something nice. Tony nods.
“Non ti preoccupare, non sarà un problema.”
“Yeah. I’m rewriting him. He’s just on my phone for now.”
. Everything in Steve’s world is wet and warm, his dick slides easily in and out of Tony’s lips, saliva gathering there and making it all slick and hot, and
It is a bit awkward, in the bedroom. Steve looks at him with anticipation, openly, as if waiting for Tony to say something, decide something, give him a clue.
“Steady, there,” he says, and his voice, albeit reassuring, betrays his concern.
“I wanna shave.”
Roses. It’s always been roses with Steve. They’re blue in Tony’s mind. Something that doesn’t exist in nature, something that had to be manipulated by man and science to be made. Something that wasn’t any less beautiful in its original form.
The Knights walk me through the castle’s corridors.
He’d really like a fucking drink right now.
“Yeah. Told you. Uh, Steve... there should be a burgundy robe over there in the closet, could you—”
And that last night, Tony was polishing some details of his BARF tech before his speech at MIT. Steve came down to the workshop after showering instead of going to bed to catch his flight early in the morning.
He hears steps on the gravel, opens his eyes and sees Steve. He’s sweaty, but shivering; there’s a deep furrow on his forehead and his eyes are red and puffy.
“When I found out, I didn’t really have... I didn’t know how to... I mean, these were your
“The serum’ll take care of it. Don’t worry about it,” Steve says grimacing, and can’t quite control the way he shivers.
Steve.
I remember every blow. Every blow taken, every blow given.
“Maybe it wouldn’t be as beautiful, if it hadn’t gone through all that,” Steve says. “It wouldn’t be so unique.”
“Tony—”
When he closes the door of the workshop behind him, Steve finds himself immersed in blue light. Tony is at the center of the room, sitting on a stool, moving his arms in every direction to send inputs to the system. It’s a thinking spree then, not a building one. It’s all theory right now, it’s all in the mind.
Steve doesn’t need to ask if he can touch Tony now. He simply knows that he can, and he does, and Tony thinks that it’s good, to be held like this by your Alpha even if you aren’t a worthy Omega.
Tony just smiles at him, huge and sincere.
There.
“Sorry.”
Steve feels something move against his right leg and he realizes it’s Tony’s arm, Tony is touching himself in a brutal, almost punishing way, Steve can hear the slap of skin on skin;
“I am. She seems like an interesting person.”
Steve keeps looking at him while he places a pan with some oil on the stove. A clove of garlic is next, and Tony takes it out and throws it away after a while.
He wasn’t drunk, god no—Steve wouldn’t have done anything if Tony had been drunk—but it was enough to make his tongue looser and his heart braver.
“I’ll go, don’t worry.”
He tries to push the shield away from him, putting his shoulder into it. There’s a loud
“After Tony was born… Maria would say in her letters that he didn’t care about the boy. Tony was a bright kid, but he was also sensitive and kind, and those weren’t qualities his father appreciated.”
So yeah, Steve notices Tony’s age. But he doesn’t care about it in the way people would expect him to.
“It’s warm.”
Oh, well. Sure.
They move deeper into the house.
“Oh, Tony…” It’s only a whisper, but Steve sounds like he’s trying to stifle a sob, joy and relief so overwhelming that they gush out of him like this.
Hello, Steve.
room—and then finally settling on Steve.
“No problem,” Steve says, and he sounds like he just ran a couple of marathons back to back. “Thank
“Oh, that’s—
There would be so many clues that Steve is Steve and no one else.
But he doesn’t sleep. Tony hears him let out a pained whine and reaches for Steve’s hand beneath the covers.
Tony pulls over and stops the car abruptly.
“I’m scared, Tony. You know?”
“How are your heats?” Steve asks one day, right after Sarah has fallen asleep.
He’s the worst. The worst Omega. The worst father.
Tony isn’t. He’s not even hard. He never is.
Then, bombs go off at the base of the Hydra facility. Steve watches as it crumbles on itself and burns down in the span of only a few minutes. No one that was inside could have survived. No one.
“Okay.”
How did Steve do this to him?
The news gets out in a matter of days. Tony told Rhodey he could tell people, if he wanted.
Steve saw it all from afar. He couldn’t even go to him.
“Put it on me. Quick.”
“Take it,” he says, “Yeah, just like that. Take it,” and it does the trick because Tony moves up his length, and everything of Steve is lost inside him.
that characterized it for years. For all her life.
It’s nothing that I recognize. From what I’ve seen it’s a mix between the Roman Empire and some kind of medieval kingdom. But the tech is different. The tech is familiar. And the King owns it all.
Tony kisses him. It’s just a peck on Steve’s lips, barely there at all, gone as soon as it started. But a shiver goes through Steve, head to toe, and an ache settles into his muscles, across his back.
“Love… me…” he says, struggling to push the words past his numb lips.
“Oh yeah, sure, that’s totally my fault, it’s not the fact that you’re a stubborn dumbass—”
“Steve, this isn’t high school. You can’t make them like your asshole nerd friend because you’re the captain of the lacrosse team and can get away with anything, even lame hobbies, like, I don’t know, Charleston!”
Poor, delusional bastard. Steve almost pities him, as well as all the others. They really think they’re doing something. They really think they can hurt Steve.
Nope. Not a friend.
“Can you stop drawing for a minute and look at me?” Tony asks, forgetting to say
So much for all those jokes about Steve being the old man.
“What’s stopping you?”
Tony slides into Steve again, fighting against the serum every inch of the way. He fucks into Steve, slow and quiet, and it does feel less tight.
Steve fucks into him slowly, it’s more painful than anything for him so early on, but it also gives him relief. That much is clear from the way he sighs and moans on top of Tony, like a starving man being fed for the first time in ten years.
Tony feels it first, he thinks. A trembling, like an earthquake of the mind. Something snaps, something rips apart into Tony, into Steve—he doesn’t know where he finishes and where Steve starts anymore. It’s all fragments.
“Hey,” he says, and
And, well. Tony can hardly be blamed for not feeling safe around Steve.
He wanted to wait after Maria was born to look for a therapist, and Steve agreed not to put too much pressure on Tony all at once. But now he knows it’s time to give Tony that little push he sometimes needs when something he must do for himself terrifies him.
“Steve.”
“But—”
but what if what he’s doing is not enough to protect the world, what if everyone will just keep blaming him and hating him because he just screws up over and over, what if Steve… Steve will hate him forever.
He wipes his face with his hand, movements quick and jerky. He sniffs, his chest heaving with how hard he’s breathing.
The light pressure feels nice. Sometimes, when he lies on his side, he becomes uncomfortably hyper-aware of this thing in his chest, and pressing a hand over it takes the edge off of this specific flavor of anxiety. Steve’s hand is so big.
After getting out of the car, they walk along the river, until they reach an old bridge, in ruins now. It is, possibly, the most beautiful thing Steve has seen in all his time in Italy.
My name is Luca.
He enters the tub first, then holds Tony’s hand while he steps over the edge. His legs are a little unsteady, and maybe it’s the lack of sleep, maybe it’s the pain in his shoulder throwing him off his balance.
“Hey,” Tony says, and smiles.
Breakfast makes Tony slip into a better mood. There’s an unexpectedly high degree of experience in his movements. Tony cuts pie and unscrews the moka pot like he solders pieces of armor together, like he writes code: sure of himself, precisely and perfectly, seemingly effortlessly.
“Like a test?”
“And you think I don’t need you? I could barely function in Wakanda.”
As it often happens, Steve resumes thrusting into Tony a couple of minutes after coming inside him. But after a bit, Tony yawns, and Steve stops, tries to pull out.
“What?”
For two hours because Steve is a super soldier who has super ruts and super knots that last two fucking hours.
The suit is there. He waits for the pieces to assemble and open to welcome him inside.
But an unavoidable fact is this: Tony is much older than Steve. Twenty years, without considering the time Steve spent in the ice. Which is a lot for most couples, but in their case it’s probably worse because the serum keeps Steve in top condition, so much so that he’s doesn’t look or feel forty. He has displayed signs of getting older, thankfully (Steve was starting to worry he would live to watch all his friends die,
Another hour passes in silence.
“It’s going great, it keeps me so busy, the students are brilliant and… I’m really proud of how far we’ve come, especially with how difficult… you know, they’ve cut funds again, and…”
The bridge over the river where Steve and Tony go swimming is called Ponte a Macereto (you can see some pictures
But, before. Yinsen. Death. The water—
“Steve.”
Steve, here (today, here), right in front of Tony, worried, because Tony has suddenly stopped walking and closed his eyes and they’re in the middle of the walkway.
Steve smiles, but grows somber again when he thinks about what to say next.
He has never seen it before. Tony didn’t have it in Berlin, when his silk shirt was unbuttoned, his red tie loosened, and his vest hugged his hips in the most enticing way. The arch of his shoulders. His hands in his pockets, stretching the fabric of his pants over his... while he walked away...
Steve takes a long shower, jacks off to unwind a bit and to calm down so he can avoid meeting Tony in this somewhat pitiful state.
. A Ms. Marvel bookmark sticks out of it, and Tony wants to smile at that. He can’t wait to see the kid again and tell her that Captain America has her bookmark, and uses it to keep his place while reading one of her favorite books.
. Despite everything.
“Just let me rest for half an hour or so,” Tony says, trying now for a gentler approach, and feeling like he’s telling Steve a secret. “I’ll come find you in the library.”
“Tony—”
Mentoring Peter, scolding him when he fucks up, talking with him about responsibility and powers and boys (because Peter talks a lot about boys, and something makes him think asking Tony for advice about boys is a good idea), that, is one thing.
It’s the same way he feels about Tony’s hands, lived and real; while his own, unblemished and artificial, feel like the hands of a statue. Lifeless.
Steve reaches down to roll Tony’s balls between his fingers.
That’s when Tony wakes up.
Tony stares at the drawing in his hand, while his throat constricts, while his chest burns with all his worst memories, with all the things he wishes he had done differently.
Tony looks at him, defiant despite still being trapped between Steve’s hands, the lightning that lacerates the sky dancing on his face and casting a sickly shade on his skin.
It’s a bit weird, Tony has to admit. It feels different, but maybe he was the silly one, expecting Steve body to work as everyone else’s.
“Wow, honey bear, you really are in a productive mode,” Tony says with a big grin on his face.
“Tony—”
“Was it about the thing they call Civil War? But like, of the Avengers? When you guys disagreed and Uncle Rhodey got hurt in his back? We talked about it in the Little Lawyers Club.”
Tony lets out a groan, and feels his erection pulse in his hand.
“If you don’t sit down and eat right the fuck now, I swear to
He empties his drawers, and when he reaches the last one – the one that used to contain all his socks but now only has the old ones he always avoids wearing because the elastic band is loose after washing them too many times but he can’t decide to throw them away – he realizes that something is missing.
Tony sniffs, loudly, and Steve realizes that he’s crying too. He drags a hand over his face, Steve wipes his own cheeks with the sleeve of his hoodie.
“It’s not the first one. She asked me out a couple weeks ago, we’ve been working together a lot and... I haven’t heard from you in months, Steve. Not even a text.”
“This. Act like you’re stupid.”
“I’m okay,” Tony lies.
“Dovremmo essere salvi, sì.”
“How very Spock and Kirk of us,” Tony jokes, and Steve tries to smile a strained smile.
“Yes, Boss.”
, he said,
Tony shoots him a serious look. “Don’t underestimate them. Look what they’ve done to you,” he says, thoughtful and sympathetic. “How you can possibly not be screaming right now, it’s a mystery.”
She shows him and Steve the beginning of a few chapters, and there are quotes there. Of songs.
“Mh?”
“Do you remember when... do you remember the first day on the helicarrier when we... the engine was busted, and we—”
He checks his phone, texts Pepper to let her know he’s arrived. He texts Rhodey,
Steve keeps his eyes fixed on Tony’s the whole time, and it should be awkward, staring at each other, but that, too, is the opposite. It’s not weird; it doesn’t make Tony feel ashamed, or exposed. He feels pinned in place, in a good way. He feels like he knows what’s around him; there are no surprises, nothing he wasn’t fast enough or clever enough to avoid and fix. He feels held.
Tony tries to get away from him, but Steve keeps him in place with his hand at the nape of Tony’s neck. Tony gives up easily, rests his cheek over Steve’s heart again. Steve feels him breathe through his hand; his skin registers every rise and fall of Tony’s shoulders. It’s like counting every beat of his heart; it’s like having proof that Tony is alive every second. Every moment is accounted for.
“Come in!” he says in response to the knocking on his door. It’s Steve.
Steve is taking pictures of a little patch of grass that’s covered with daisies. He lifts his gaze, points his finger and turns to Tony to say, “Hey, look!”
“You did the exact same thing before me, and you just admitted to being a dumbass!”
“And I still miss Peggy, you know, and Bucky, the way he used to be, and my friends and my time and my world but I… I also think that if I went back now I’d miss
Tony is straddling him now and gasping for breath and reassurance, so Steve wraps him up in a hug and kisses his stomach and licks over his ribs and says, “I love you. You’re my husband, I love you.”
It’s tight.
Where’s Steve? He needs to find him. Did someone take him? If they hurt him—
"Oh yeah. Captain America: the greatest military strategist who ever lived," said Gwen. "Isn't that what the chapter in our book was called?"
I’m always eager to hear what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment 😊
"No, not exactly," Tony muttered under his breath. "But we all know Pete's a far better kid than I ever was, so—"
"No, I guess not," Steve muttered.
"But you can't think like that, little guy," Steve insisted. "Part of being a hero is that you can't be always second-guessing yourself. You just have to follow your instincts, and the best way to do that is to hone those instincts through training."
Steve scoffed, taking a long sip of his tea while Sam patiently waited. "It was still the same
"No, it's code for 'your papa is hungry and wants to go and eat large quantities of pizza'," Tony retorted. "Which is exactly what we're gonna do!"
"Yes, sir," Rhodey said, his hands shaking as he reached for a spare headset. Tony knew he had to be worried sick for Carol, who still had about fifteen seconds left on her radio blackout.
Doctor List looked so genuinely taken aback by Steve's statement that Steve would've laughed if he thought it wouldn't hurt so damn much.
"Yeah, and like you said, you're fifteen, which by definition means you're not yet an adult. Too young to be an Avenger, bud." Tony kissed him again, then patted his back, chuckling when he heard Peter's stomach growl. "Guess that's the cue to see what Papa's making for dinner, yeah?"
Peter gave a short nod.  “Uh huh.  Will you text me once you talk to him?  Tell me how he’s doing?  I really want to go there after school, but I wanna make sure he’s okay first.”
A piece of popcorn landed square in the middle of Peter's forehead before he could reply, causing him to jump.
And if it worked, which it would, as Dad's stuff never didn't work, then Peter wanted his dads to be in as good of a mood as possible when he asked,
"Copy that," O'Brien said with a sigh. "However, you are under strict orders not to engage without authorisation, Lieutenant, is that understood? We just managed to broker a ceasefire after almost thirty years of war, so the absolute last thing we need to be doing is violating it before the damn ink's even dry."
Rolling his shoulders, Tony drained the last of the coffee in his cup, looking up as Rhodey walked into the lab, his expression grim.
Taking a sip of his coffee, Tony pulled up Beck's employee file on his tablet, skimming down the list of projects he had overseen in the ten years he had been with Stark Industries, including the arc reactor installation in the SI building in D.C., a few items for the weapons division that never ended up panning out, and specs for various electronic devices over the years. He had just about reached the end of the list when something caught his eye, causing him to let out a gasp.
"Um… okay," Peter said, frowning. "You know I'm not three years old, right? I can handle you guys standing a few metres away."
"Sam just called. Nat and Clint are about an hour out of Savannah, so he wants us to take off within the next thirty minutes. We're gonna meet up with the Quinjet at a small regional airport about fifteen minutes outside of Savannah. Once everyone's there, you and I will do a couple of reconnaissance runs using the new interface to hopefully see what we're up against, and then—"
"Then it would have to be someone from the inside," said Steve. "Someone working for Damage Control."
Tony’s heart gave a painful lurch.  “Buddy, you know I don't mind—”
"Oops, I gotta go," said Ned. "See ya tomorrow?"
Of course, it wasn't just that Tony was dating someone.  It was
In fact, they hadn't had to buy new sheets in almost two weeks now, which Tony was sure was a new record.
Pietro gave a firm nod. "Yes, Captain. I am ready."
he pleaded as the jet settled into his flight path above the clouds.
"I see. And you're still okay with allowing him to train with us?" asked Steve.
looks. "Ah huh. So, what made you change your mind about Stark? Just the fact that he's hot?"
"Yeah, I noticed you seemed kind of out of it at practise today," Gwen said, fiddling with the end of her blonde ponytail. "You were flipping your pen so fast that I could barely see it. Something going on?"
"Yeah, I'm sure it is," said Tony. "Let me know when the part gets there and I'll walk you through installing it, yeah?"
“Yes.  One of the HYDRA moles took it from the Triskelion before the helicarriers went down,” Steve says, a bit impatiently.
"Duly noted, bud," Dad said shortly. "Now, don't you have some homework to do?"
They get up, and Tony asks Steve if he has any clothes he’d like to wash. Steve gathers some, and Tony throws them into the washing machine with his own.
It’s Tony, kissing Rhodey’s cheek while Rhodey takes a selfie. It’s something that has actually happened, a few months after Ultron. Tony has that selfie framed; he keeps it on his desk at the compound.
“Steve, hey…”
“So the only question is… do
Tony stops following Steve on the walkway around the castle, closes his eyes, listens to the wind whistle between the tree leaves a few feet below him, concentrates on his heartbeat, on all the wounds he has taken and healed from; thinks about all the times someone has told him to give up, to surrender, to submit and succumb, and about all the times he has said,
Letting go can be as hard as holding on, sometimes.
“There was sort of… a lab accident—”
“Tomorrow,” he says. “I’m sorry.”
“You said Sokovia was not on me because I was trying to do the right thing and it got out of control. So I got my redeeming factors, as you call them, but you refuse to share yours?”
The last time, Tony is on his back, and Steve comes all over his lap. Steve looks at him for a minute, bewitched, it seems like he can’t quite process what’s before his eyes. Tony feels used up, but in a peculiar way, in a way that makes him feel— young.
“I am, I just said.”
“Could I maybe—it’s okay if you don’t want me to but—could I maybe… see her?”
He slides another finger into Tony and stretches all three of them, then watches Tony shake, babble incomprehensible words under his breath, grit his teeth and hiss in pleasure. Steve doesn’t let the fact that both his hands are occupied stop him. He licks at Tony’s balls, and as soon as Tony’s dick twitches he catches it in his mouth, quick and graceful. He keeps his lips tight around Tony’s erection, knows he needs the pressure, and he starts moving his head in a regular rhythm. Tony is gasping, like he doesn’t know what to do with all the things he’s feeling.
And even then, it took Steve three more months before he was finally able to extricate himself from Brock, who had managed to infiltrate every single aspect of Steve’s life over the course of their relationship.
"I think that's part of it, little guy. HYDRA has always tried to take out as much of its opposition as possible." Papa gave Dad's hand a quick squeeze, no doubt thinking of Grandpa and Grandma Stark and how they were killed on HYDRA's orders. "But Dad and I have also theorised that the main reason why they gave us all that drug in the Miami bunker was to take over our minds, probably to try and force us to become part of them."
Not surprisingly, the rain forecasted for that afternoon had decided at the last minute to cancel its scheduled appearance, and since Steve was fresh out of excuses for avoiding his teammates he had reluctantly agreed to head out to the ball field once their patrol shift was over, hoping that smashing a few baseballs over the far fence would help to curb the rather annoying ache that had been gnawing at him ever since he'd first laid eyes on Anthony Stark.
Apparently there were some demons that Grandpa just couldn't excise on his own.
"Think about it, Tony," he finally said, low and tight. "Who would take considerable joy from copying Stark weapon’s designs?"
"Which means we have even less than that to find these guys," answered Steve. "All right. Sam, pull Redwing back, I don't want to give them any warning. Bucky, let me know as soon as you're in position. Nat and Thor, keep as close as you can without putting yourselves at unnecessary risk. Do not, I repeat, do
"Yes, I know that, Pete," Dad said in his
And then Peter's heart skipped a beat, his head snapping back in shock as he heard his dad's voice.
Finally, a soft smile stretched across Tony's lips, followed by an amused chuckle. "You're such a sap."
It was almost exactly how he had carried Peter to their rescue helicopter back in Afghanistan six years ago, after he'd saved Peter's life, and it hit Tony almost as hard this time as it did then.
"Well, we can never have too much of that!" Dad called through his window. "Midnight sharp, boys!"
“Well, hopefully you’ll get the chance,” said Tony.  He tugged on the tight collar of his shirt, making a final minuscule adjustment to his tie as Steve smoothed out an errant ribbon on his jacket.  “Honey?  You ready?”
of a badly-landing aircraft cut him off, and Steve took off running towards the runway just as Bucky's X-302 skidded to a stop. Air lodged in Steve's throat as he caught up to the aircraft, the cockpit and engines covered in flames as members of the fire brigade smothered them with their fire-suppression foam, the billowing black smoke burrowing deep into Steve's lungs with every single one of his ragged breaths.
"Wakanda is more than capable of defending itself," T'Challa said firmly. "I am not concerned—"
Scott gave a rapid nod. "Yeah. My—my lady—well… she was supposed to pull me out. But when she got—she got—"
A true global catastrophe. Plain and simple.
"All right," Tony said as he powered up his boots. "JARVIS, mark!"
Tony's bottom lip trembled as he nodded, knowing full well that Steve couldn't even see him. "Steve, of course I'll marry you," he whispered. "Did you honestly think there was any way that I could say no?"
Damn. Tony's husband was
"No, Papa, it's okay. I don't mind sitting here with Dad for a while if you wanna go eat," Peter said. "Uncle Sam had just gotten back from running when I left to come over here, so he'll probably be ready to eat too."
"That's true," said Steve. "But according to Peter, while you and I were hooked up to that drug, both of us were led to believe that the other was dead. So maybe this is just another version of that."
"What does she want, JARVIS?" he asked, trying to push himself up with his numb arms. He hadn't slept at all the night before, trying to give Dad as much support as possible and too wracked with guilt to sleep even if he'd wanted to.
The twins had also told Peter and the rest of the team that after their father was killed, HYDRA burned his body rather than risk having him fall into someone else's hands for possible study. Following the massive battle against Justin Hammer's HYDRA suits, Gwen's father had been crucial in helping the twins locate the area of the bunker where their father had been killed, allowing them to gather up some of his ashes to take with them.
"Yes, sir."
But instead of the second fireball landing in the same spot as the first, it suddenly veered at the last second, landing in the yard only about fifteen metres away from the building. A split-second later the shockwave hit, blasting Peter back hard enough to knock Gwen right out of his arms as the back of his head slammed against the roof. He let out a choked scream as he watched her fly towards the edge of the building, barely having the wherewithal to activate his web shooter and launch a web towards her before she disappeared, just like she had in his vision all those months ago.
look. "I'll make sure that she's well aware of the risks, but I still think she'll help us. Call it an... instinct."
In fact, if Tony were a poet, he would spend hours—days, even—writing sonnets about that dimple.  But since he’s not a poet, and there’s no way that binary could come close to doing it justice, he supposes he’ll just have to keep trying to make Steve smile and laugh so he can get his fix of it during Peter’s practises.
Gwen jumped as a huge, booming explosion filled the massive screen, her grip on Peter's hand tightening just as the strange dude who had been sitting behind Peter suddenly got to his feet, hurrying up the centre aisle like he had gotten spooked or something. Peter glanced back in Uncle Bucky's direction and gave him a nod, letting him know that he and Gwen were fine and there was no need to worry. Peter had noticed the guy when they had first sat down, thinking it was weird that he didn't have any snacks or drinks and was sitting so ramrod straight in the otherwise comfortable reclining chairs, but since his Spider Sense hadn't gone off at all he had decided that the guy was just a bit different, and hadn't really thought much about him since.
Tony glanced up, briefly catching Steve's eyes over Peter's head and seeing exactly what he was thinking reflected right back at him.
"Then I'll bribe them," retorted Peter, only half-joking. Now that he'd finally worked up the nerve to ask Gwen on an actual date, he really,
"'I choose to
"So far. It's been ten years, so I don't imagine it's ever gonna change."
"His vital signs are within his normal parameters, sir, aside from one small body temp dip down to thirty-two degrees while waiting for Captain Rogers and Mr Thor to arrive."
"Peter," Papa murmured, patting Peter's back with his bandaged fist. "Peter, it's okay. I'm gonna be okay."
"No, sweetheart, we can't!" he choked out, even as every single fibre of his being wanted nothing more than to rush towards his boy. "We need to let him fight this!"
that?"
"And look where it got us!" Dad shouted. He slammed his palm down onto the counter, causing Peter to jump. "All it got us was a blown-up house and your papa nearly shot to pieces!"
"Uhh, yeah," Peter stammered, his heart in his throat. "I'm—I was just looking… for the bathroom, and… yeah, I guess I got a bit lost."
"You goddamn sick son of a bitch! How
Any other day and maybe Tony wouldn’t have completely flipped out over Steve’s flashback.  Any other day and maybe he could’ve just brushed off Peter’s broken finger as a freak accident, and that he needed to do more to get Steve some help for his issues.
Bruce dropped his head, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Thor's… dead," he said, so softly that Steve barely heard him. "Thanos, he intercepted our ship. Somehow, he knew we were transporting the Tesseract, and so he disabled us and came aboard, and then he—he—"
They all fell into an awed silence as the fireworks continued, lighting up the sky for a good twenty minutes before the big, booming finale that was so loud that it shook the snow from the treetops. At some point Steve draped his arm across Tony's shoulders, while Peter scooted his chair closer so he could lean his head against Tony's arm, with Steve gently stroking the back of his head. It was the same way the three of them usually watched movies together, with Tony sandwiched in between his two beloved boys.
Tony stepped back, carefully placing the glasses in their case while the rest of the team filtered out towards the elevator, with Peter sandwiched between Bucky and Thor and laughing at something that Thor just said.
Steve’s “obsession” with hunting down HYDRA and finding Bucky caused Tony to think he was in love with Bucky.  Which means this whole time Tony was sacrificing his time, money, and time with his son to help Steve find Bucky because he wanted Steve to be happy.
And, just like he'd suspected, he had barely climbed into the backseat of the truck and fastened his seatbelt when Dad suddenly whipped his head around, looking back at him in alarm.
"Uh huh," said Peter. "Sounds good."
Technically speaking, of course.
"So… you're telling me that you figured it out 'cause you were snooping around in his stuff?" Peter asked. "Is that it?"
There were still about ten minutes remaining before he expected Steve, so Tony decided to crawl back into the bed, propping the pillows behind him before reaching for his glasses that were resting on the bedside table, on top of what looked like a sketchbook. With a rather wry grin, Tony picked up the sketchbook and began flipping through it, noting that Steve seemed to be just as talented at drawing as Peter, something that Tony hadn't thought was possible.
Which, Tony supposed, made him a perfect target for HYDRA.
Because if the skirmish outside of Dr Strange's Sanctum had been any indication of what was coming, the Avengers were going to need all the help they could get.
If only he had taken one final trip in the quantum tunnel before they'd left. Then he could have ensured that this was the only way they could win, rather than leave it up to chance.
Steve gave a sheepish shrug, biting down hard on his lip. He'd never mentioned his hospital visits to anyone, but knowing Phillips, he probably already knew about them anyway.
"You think those things are troop transports?" he asked Bucky.
Very few people had ever offered anything to Tony without an ulterior motive, and despite the reassurance from Peter's Spider Sense, George Stacy was not yet on the list of people that Tony could trust without reservation.
"Okay, that was a pretty stupid question, but—"
Tony thought.
Dad squeezed his eyes closed, swiping at a tear that leaked out.  “It sure seems that way, buddy,” he said.  “And that means that I’ve been just about the biggest asshole I could’ve possibly been.”
"What was that, Prince Peter? I didn't quite hear you?"
"It's not necessary, thank you," Tony barked, no longer caring if he was harsh or not. "I don't need or want anyone's pity." He stole a glance at the prickly Air Corps colonel, wondering how in the hell he had even heard about what happened.
“Ah huh,” Tony said as he reached for his coffee cup.  “And how much of this stuff could we make in, say… an hour?”
"Any of these could end your friend's life in an instant," said the alien as he turned to look at Tony, his Voldemort-like face twisting in anger as Tony armed his repulsors.
“Oh, that’s a good one, Tony!” he said, still cackling.  He clapped Tony on the shoulder again, giving him a not-so-gentle shake.  “Look, all I’m asking is that you just remember to keep me in the loop.  I really don’t care how many aspirin put-together thingamajiggies you make, just so long as I know what’s going on.  All right?  Can ya do that for me?”
Steve huffed, pushing his plate away. He knew Tony was right to be worried. After the Miami battle, and almost losing both Tony and Peter in one fell swoop, he had spiralled down into what Sam had later identified as post-traumatic stress. It eventually got so bad that at one point, after he'd nearly burned all of his skin off in the shower, Tony had been forced to call Sam up to talk him down in the middle of the night.
With a choked-off gasp and his eyes still tightly closed, Steve shifted slightly, trying to manoeuvre his hand underneath him so he could at least push his body up off of the freezing cold floor.  But he’d barely moved a single millimetre before the pain suddenly ramped up to a completely unbearable level, and he had no other choice but to cry out.
Pepper gave an unsure nod as she checked her clipboard.  “All right.  Then at ten o’clock you have a conference call with the head of the Stark Relief Foundation in Sokovia, another with the chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee at eleven, and another with the principal of Peter’s school at noon.  He wants to know if you’d be willing to help judge the high school’s science fair.”
"Yeah, I think so," Tony said shortly as he scanned the blurry floor for his glasses, finally locating them about four metres away. They weren't broken, thank the gods. Tony did have a spare pair hiding somewhere between his office and the house, but finding both the time and the patience to look for them while at the same time not being able to see a single goddamn thing wasn't something he felt like doing at the moment.
"Well, maybe if we manage to round up the rest of his buddies he'll be more likely to start talking," said Clint. "The dude can't stay quiet forever, can he?"
"Or something," Tony said with a wink. He tugged Steve's face closer, pecking him on the lips. "Don't worry about Pete, honey. He wouldn't get so defensive if he didn't love you."
"Are you all right?" Steve asked between his panting breaths as Tony came up next to him, automatically reaching for his right hand.
"Actually, I've got a couple ideas about that," Tony cut in, and proceeded to explain his theory about the drone targeting range. Bruce listened intently, scribbling notes as he usually did and giving the occasional nod.
"Yep. JARVIS?"
"Yes," Steve said with a nod. "She was the last person I talked to before—before—"
I can’t wait to see what you think!  Please don’t forget to hit the kudos button and leave me a comment! 💖
Tony's lips twitched, his expression otherwise unchanged. "Okay, so… why? Why'd he come here?"
smile that never failed to twist his insides. "Thanks," she said softly as she took a sip of her milk. "I'm still trying to convince my dad to let me even apply, so… I guess we'll see."
"Daddy, I don't—I don't know what's happening," he said as his fingers scrabbled at Tony's armour. Tony had assumed that both he and Peter would be safe when they didn't disappear like the others. But now, as Peter clung to him for dear life, whimpering in pain as bits of ash floated away from his skinny body, Tony realised what was happening.
"Thor!" Steve yelled, his panic ratcheting when Thor didn't reply. "Thor, where are you?"
Unfortunately, much to Steve's dismay, Tony's stubbornness proved to be much harder for him to deal with than he'd originally anticipated. Even after he was finally deemed healthy enough to be discharged from the infirmary, Tony refused to do much of anything, choosing to spend all of his time holed up either in Peter's section of his lab or his bedroom, literally staring at the walls or off into space. It was all Steve could do to convince him to eat something once or twice a day, not to mention try to get him to sleep, or even lie down every now and then.
"Mmm," Peter grumbled. "No, I guess not, but—"
"No, but you only missed Ms Warren saying your name three separate times before she finally got your attention," Gwen said gently. She leaned closer, lowering her voice. "And with how well you can hear, that's saying something."
“She said… ugh. Half this stuff, I had entirely forgotten,” Stella says, taking the pages from the pocket of her dress. She pushes her glasses back on her nose, skims over Mom’s compact and tiny handwriting.
After months of captivity, Tony tries, without much success, to gauge, in between all the things that are wrong with him, what’s a direct result of the man’s abuse and what’s a sign of his body going into failure because of the forcibly interrupted coma.
“Not for me.”
They take off soon after.
“I didn’t have to.”
What the fuck is happening to him?
“Glad you think so. I still have no idea what the hell it was all about. Just did what felt right.”
“Steve. Please.”
It’s made with a simple pencil this time. It’s Tony, again, wearing a chef hat and holding a wooden spoon. There’s a kitchen in the background, just outlined, and the words
Steve speaks and Tony feels, somewhat, healed.
And it’s terrifying.
She barely cries when she gets her shots.
Tony laughs, alone in the lab.
He takes a pot from one of the cabinets, fills it with water, and puts it on the stove. From another cabinet he takes a box of spaghetti.
“I couldn’t keep my eyes open until a few days ago,” Tony says, bitter, “and now look at me. Be careful what you wish for,” he finishes, sardonic, giving Steve a long, meaningful look, because maybe Tony isn’t just talking about his sleep here.
Tony blinks once, and Steve comes down his throat while the knot at the base of his dick swells up just behind the arch of Tony’s teeth.
“Want you to fuck me,” Tony says, his words harsh against silence and darkness. “Want you to spread me open and take what’s yours.” Tony circles his hips to press his ass down against Steve’s cock. He’s not hard yet, but he’ll be soon. “I’m tired of being angry. I’m tired of being dead.” He sucks down on the skin of Steve’s throat. “We’re gonna die pretty soon anyway.” He laughs, hollow, bitter. “Might as well try to fuck the fear away. The stench of death…”
He was prepared for it to hurt, to burn, for his insides to resist with how dry he is, but… no. His body opens up to Steve like a flower, like these past ten years it had been waiting just for this and only for this. He’s so wet that he can feel the slick trickling out of him now that Steve has breached him, and his muscles readjust to welcome Steve into him. There are fireworks in his mind, overwhelming waves of
Steve follows Tony’s finger with his eyes, and Tony can pinpoint the moment wonder blossoms on Steve’s face, the moment surprise pins his breath to the back of his mouth.
“Of course you can, Steve. You can imagine anything you want.”
“Why… why could you not—”
“I always loved you,” Tony says, and he comes all over Steve’s chest, and he feels Steve come and his knot stretch him out not a moment later.
Tony meets his eyes briefly, then looks down at the blanket and says, “Sorry I snapped.”
Tony stares at it while he hovers in mid-air, tired as hell and with a half-damaged suit, outside of Steve’s floor-to-ceiling windows.
“And it takes a minute of stupidity to undo it all.”
that mention the castle, with avid and raw interest—like he can’t get enough, like he wants to see everything
Stella insists they stay for dinner. Tony tries to resist, but she says she’s going to make insalata di riso, and Steve never had it, and apparently there’s no way Steve can go around telling people he went to Italy during summer if he never had insalata di riso. So they stay.
“Didn’t say you actually were.”
, as though Steve stopped just right after he started writing it, unsure, all of a sudden, if he should use it or not. Obviously he must have decided to go for it, for whatever reason.
Then Steve fucks into Tony again.
His eyes are bloodshot; their brightness seems to have subsided in favor of a disturbing dullness. He seems to be a million miles away from Steve, impassive and distant.
After dinner, they go back to the guest house. Steve changes out of his jeans and into the sweatpants he sleeps in. Tony, instead, locks himself in the bathroom to put on his pajamas.
“It’s a strange day.”
Steve frees his hand from under Tony’s thigh and catches Tony’s hand in his own, holds onto him, now, and for as long as Tony will let him. Slowly, Steve starts stroking Tony’s pubic hair, his balls, slides down to thumb in circles at his perineum, and when he feels like Tony is truly losing it, Steve pushes two fingers inside him, meeting no resistance at all, lube and his own come gushing out of Tony, coating Steve’s hand, making a mess of his sheets.
“Are we... gonna be tourists?”
“I’ll call Pepper, we’ll give you a nice funeral.”
Tony is suddenly reminded of a paper he’s read recently, a theory about the possible existence of a multiverse written by Riri Williams, a fifteen year old student at MIT. It’s genius work, and he needs to talk to this girl when he gets back home because,
“Missed me?” he says, and it was meant to be a little joke but there’s no spark in it. He knows he can’t joke about this, not just yet.
There’s a third one, but Tony catches himself before all the words can form in his mind. What he can’t stop, though, is feeling the way he feels, and the bout of self-hate that follows immediately after.
Eventually, they step outside, and sit down on the marble stairs for a while. Steve reads in a booklet that at some point they wanted to make the Duomo bigger, transforming the existent cathedral into the transept of a much larger one. They started working on it, but then the Black Death hit the city, and they had to stop.
And then Steve thinks about himself, about how he’s received one single text from Sam since he got to Italy, while Tony instead keeps in touch with so many people, he has Rhodey and Peter and Pepper and Happy and T'Challa and meets
“Yeah?” Steve reaches over and twists and strokes Tony’s balls until he moans against Steve’s cheek. “Wanna come all over it, sweetheart?”
“Took a lot of self-restraint.”
Steve sobs and whines and weeps and whimpers and wishes he had some way to make it all stop. To make this stop.
“I need it where I want it. And I want it in my mouth.”
Warning for these two idiots being really sOFT
Tony does as he’s asked. “Relax,” he says, and finds a rhythm to his thrusts, but still keeps them careful and precise. He places his hand on Steve’s hip, and he feels the tension seep out of him.
“Can’t wait to see that,” Steve says, grinning.
“If you don’t wanna say it’s alright, you don’t need to lie.”
“Steve—”
Steve looks like he’s about to stretch out on his back, but Tony stops him.
He has no time to think that the little human growing inside him is Steve’s too. For a bit, Tony only thinks about them as
He doesn’t try to pull at them. He knows what will happen if he tries to pull at them.
“I’m sorry I hurt you,” Tony says in his smallest voice.
“Yeah. These aren’t places of worship. I mean, that’s their use, but it’s not why they were built. They were built to honor God. And God sees all the details. Even when people can’t.”
He looks down at himself, and sure enough, his cock is slowly filling out with blood. He touches it dubiously, tugs at it lazily, but despite the nice spark of pleasure it gives him for a moment, it soon goes back to hanging limply between his thighs.
Bucky’s eyes widen. “You… God, Tony.”
is a fleeting thought in the back of his head because he feels the heat in his belly coalesce into something electric and he barely has time to grab the base of his dick to slip out of Tony’s mouth, but Tony’s hand moves urgently from Steve’s thigh to Steve’s ass and he pulls him in again like he did earlier and Steve comes down Tony’s throat, Tony’s tongue caressing him still, his cheeks sucking all rational thought out of Steve. Tony swallows the most of Steve’s come but some of it slips through his lips, slides down his chin, catches in his goatee and Steve can only murmur, “Fuck,” against Tony’s silence.
Cuts, bruises, burns.
“Doctors that can be bought. Doctors who keep records. Records that can be stolen and made public against my will. I can’t risk something like that.”
, this is perfect.
They tied him up. There are thick metal cuffs around his wrists, chained to a hook on the wall above his head, so he’s forced to keep his arms up in the air. There’s blood trickling down the inside of his forearms—his shirt sleeves have been haphazardly rolled up to his elbows—an angry rash where the metal chafed the skin. He has a black bruise under his left eye.
Tony’s eyes that were the most beautiful shade of brown Steve had ever seen, and yet laced with such a thick underlying layer of sadness that in the very moment they had locked with his, Steve’s heart had lurched.
"But I was in the right place!" exclaimed Bucky. "It's the very same place I told you about!"
"Mmm," grumbled Colonel Phillips, tilting his head. "You look distracted, Rogers. Something on your mind?"
Hitting the 'Stop' button, Tony slumped back against the bulkhead, squeezing his eyes closed as the armour flowed back into its case. Then he crossed his arms, wrapping Quill's massive shirt as tightly around him as he could, wishing with all of his might that it was Steve's instead.
"Uh huh," Peter answered, rubbing at his sore nose. "Just waiting for my dad to call."
"Peter!" another voice suddenly cried, the panicked shriek raising all of the hair on the back of Peter's neck. "Peter, help me!"
"Oooh! That was harsh!" Sam exclaimed as Natasha let out a snort, jabbing Clint in the side.
"Look," Peter interrupted, suppressing another shiver. It was time to try a different approach. "Do you like to read? Books? Before they brought you here, did you ever like to read books?"
"I'm sorry Maria, but I'm afraid that Howard doesn't have a choice in the matter," said Pym, with such an air of superiority that Howard would've gladly decked him right in his abnormally large nose if his hands hadn't already been cuffed.
"Peter! Oh my God, are you okay?" Gwen shrieked as she practically dove onto the ground next to Peter, reaching a tentative hand towards his cheek but then changing her mind as she glanced in Papa's direction. "I thought you had gotten trapped in there or something, so I told my dad to—" She paused as she noticed Peter's bleed-soaked sleeves and scraped-up fingers. "Oh my God, you're bleeding! Mr Stark, he's bleeding, aren't you gonna take him to the hospital?"
Anticipation. Trepidation.
Peter reminded himself.
And then, just as Peter felt like his lungs were about to explode, he suddenly heard words speaking directly into his mind, the very words that he had tried so hard to bury far, far down into the deepest recesses of his consciousness.
"Doctor Strange," Strange replied curtly.
But Ned continued on as if he hadn't heard him. "—so I was just thinking, you have Finley in your room with you, right? So, if you could figure out how this guy managed to do it, you could turn him into a fish night light."
And the next thing, and then the next thing.
"Yeah, like a straight shot to the heart," muttered Clint. "Dude pointed the thing at my chest and it was like I'd suddenly forgotten who I was and who I was working for."
Peter breathed in a shaky breath, his brown eyes teary as Tony sat back up.
"Well, yeah, I know that," muttered Peter. "And mine works great, by the way, so if you think about it, it's kinda your fault that I'm here."
"I agree," Gwen said into his shoulder. "Do you think your dads would go for it?"
Phillips just shrugged, which if Tony hadn't known him as well as he did would've been more than enough reason to haul off and punch him, older guy or not.
A loud knock on the bathroom door startled Peter, nearly causing him to drop the phone. "Peter?" Gwen said through the door. "Are you all right?"
Papa could finally come home.
"He's—he's in the truck, sweetheart," Steve murmured as he helped Tony to his feet, clutching his hand as he led him towards the Suburban. "And he's… stable, at least for now."
"Colonel Phillips will be the de facto leader of Langara for a total of three weeks, during which time arrangements for a national free election will take place," said James. "Both myself and a few other ranking Langaran officers will be tasked with supporting him through this transition, as well as with preparing court martial proceedings for General O'Brien and his supporters."
Even his left arm, which had been aching practically non-stop ever since the attack up at the Compound, felt a bit better by the time they arrived at the banquet hall.
"Uh huh. 'Night."
"I understand, Captain," said Pietro.
Tony pursed his lips.  “And I didn't, buddy.  JARVIS’ll even back me up.  Won't you, J?”
Regardless, he still needed to try.
Too choked up to speak, Tony merely nodded, covering Steve's hand with his own as he closed his eyes. Tony knew better than to believe in promises, especially promises that were impossible to keep. But Steve's solemn vow that they were going to get through this—whatever
But there was nothing there. There was nothing except the crackle of the fires behind him, and the shattering of his own heart.
"I know, Papa," Peter said, forcing Tony to turn away in order to hide his tears. "I will."
Peter let out a short chuckle as he pulled away, swiping the back of his hand across his nose.
"Yeah, that makes sense." Peter could understand that part too. After living so long with so many restrictions, eventually the restrictions cease to be restrictions and just become the new normal.
Ned narrowed his eyes. "Yeah, but since when have you been such a slacker? Normally you'd have a project like that done in a day or two."
And then, after surviving for over sixty years frozen in the Arctic ice, he'd managed to find Tony and Peter in the middle of that Afghanistan desert using the same wits and instincts that he'd used to bring down HYDRA during the war, a feat that not even the very Army he'd thought he'd given his life for had deemed possible.
And now, faced with the very real possibility that they might lose their son—
Stifling a yawn, Tony glanced over at Steve, sitting across from him with his nose buried in a book, some manual on war strategy that looked to be almost as old as he was. His normally pale skin was slightly tanned thanks to hours and hours spent on the beach, making his sun-bleached blond hair seem even lighter in contrast. He had missed one of his every-other-week haircuts while they were gone so the ends of his hair were curling slightly around his ears, and the overall effect was so unbelievably sexy that Tony had half a mind to try and pull him into one of the restrooms on the plane before it landed, to hell with Clint and his constant needling.
“Tony?” he asks again.  “Is there something I can do to help you?”
A dry gust of wind suddenly blew across the desolate, dust-covered plain, sending a violent shiver down Tony's spine. Slightly lifting his head, he half-expected to next see a tumbleweed roll by, or whatever the hell happened to pass for a tumbleweed on that toxic wasteland where he now sat, home of the genocidal lunatic who had just stolen Tony's son right out of his arms.
"Oh, that one," said Tony. He thought for a moment, weighing the pros and cons. Mostly the cons, since they were pretty darn conny. "Well… that's not actually such a bad idea as long as you think you can catch Strange before he gets blown out too."
It was Peter, but then it wasn't really him, it was him as a Winter Soldier, and—he was—well… I was alone, and he had me prisoner, and he was beating the hell out of me, is what he was doing, it was some kind of test or something…" He looked up, meeting Tony's worried eyes. "It was one of the scariest things I've ever seen. Almost as bad as seeing you lying on that hospital bed with your chest gaping open, and I guess… I just want those images
Surprisingly, Tony managed to doze off for about thirty or so minutes, waking only once the sun began to rise in earnest, sending bright beams of sunlight across Steve's perfectly organised room. Tony groaned, raising his arms above his head to stretch before reluctantly deciding to concede defeat in the argument with his very full bladder and get up from the bed.
"Yeah, thanks, Rhodey," added Dad.
Steve smiled softly, holding out his hand towards his husband. "A little less grumpy," he murmured as he took Tony into his arms. "I suppose that's better than nothing. And he's sleeping okay now?"
"Yeah, I'm sure she'll be thrilled," replied Joseph just as his radio crackled to life, followed by the sound of someone clearing their throat.
Tony chuckled as he poured the steaming hot coffee into one of his favourite mugs, some silly craft project that Peter had made for him in the third grade. "Pardon me if I won't believe that until I see it. Or don't see it, as the case may be."
"Steve," Natasha said again. "I'm sorry to have to interrupt you here, but—"
"Me too," Steve said. He slid his fingertips down Tony's arm, interlocking their fingers before guiding them to Tony's cock, stroking him in time with his thrusts. "Please, sweetheart. Ba mhaith liom go dtiocfadh muid le chéile!"
"Yes, goddamnit!" Tony shrieked, even as his heart sank down to his knees. Emergency medical transports were expensive, costing more credits than he earned in an entire year, but Tony knew that he didn't have a choice. There was obviously no way that he could trust Howard to keep an eye on Peter while he drove him to the hospital, and since civilians weren't even allowed to be on the streets without a military escort during blackout periods Tony couldn't risk the chance of being pulled over.
He still won’t.  ‘Cause he’s a coward.
"Thank you, sir."
Frowning, Steve pressed the button, sitting back in his chair as page one of the file appeared on his screen. He had asked Colonel Phillips in the past why he was barred from accessing the Project Rebirth files since he was personally the subject of them, but Phillips had just waved him off, telling him that the whole thing was a lot bigger than just one man.
him.  Steve had only been gone for less than four hours, but it already seemed like days with how empty the penthouse felt, and Tony had never liked emptiness.  While Steve still kept the Tower apartment he had moved into after the Battle of New York, Tony couldn't remember the last time he’d actually stayed there, preferring to spend his days—and nights—with Tony and Peter in the penthouse.  Tony had even remodelled one of the spare bedrooms into an art studio for Steve’s recent birthday, and, with Peter’s encouragement, had been
Fumbling for his keys, Tony finally managed to get the door unlocked on the third try, waving off the military goons as he stepped inside the black-as-pitch living room and set his stack of stuff down on the coffee table. Then he slumped down onto the overstuffed couch, tipping his head back as he rubbed at his aching temples. It had been a very long, very exhausting day, but Tony knew that he couldn't rest yet. Not until everything that he'd prepared for the new Air Corps class was completed to his satisfaction.
"Assuming no issues with the render and construction, I'm estimating that it can be delivered to Dr Banner in approximately ten hours."
"I'm right here, babe," he said as he reached for Steve's free hand, grasping it as the medics hoisted him onto the stretcher, covering him with a thick blanket. "I've got you."
Tears welled in Peter's eyes, that he quickly brushed away.
"Oh yeah, like you've never faced the wrath of O'Brien before!" protested Chester. "I seem to recall a very distinct failure on your part to properly recite the Langaran Air Corps Code of Conduct when you first joined up. You're pretty damn lucky that the Colonel didn't boot you out right then and there!"
“Ahh,” Tony said, forcing his tired mind to think.  “Give me two weeks to get the mockup built.”
The girl—
"This isn't going to be a deep backrub since you're still healing," Steve said as he started at the back of Tony's neck, his slicked palms gliding easily across Tony's skin. "More of a rubdown, okay? Just enough to relax you."
"Uhh, I can't tomorrow," Peter said sadly. He ran his hand through his hair, likely sending his curls running in every which direction. "My dads, they don't let—they don't like me going anywhere when they're out of town, it makes 'em too jumpy, so… but as soon as they get back, I'd really like to come, that sounds—that sounds like fun. Yeah."
"The monster was gonna kill him!" Peter gasped, choking as he tried to breathe in. "D-daddy, it was—it was t-trying to—it almost—and Uncle B-bucky, are we sure he's okay, 'cause—?"
"Uncle Bruce?" Peter said. "JARVIS, is that Uncle Bruce down there?"
It also spooked him a bit, if he was completely honest. Tony had always prided himself on being able to keep himself emotionally closed off, with only Peter being allowed inside the massive iron walls he had so carefully built around his heart. Walls that Steve then managed to tear down a chunk at a time beginning only a few days after they met, right in the middle of the godforsaken Afghanistan desert.
"Yep," answered Peter. "Except it's not exactly accurate anymore since he's still living. That book was written before Papa was found in the ice."
"Well…" Tony trailed off, tapping his chin. "When were you gonna tell me that Rhodey was gonna be up there?"
No wonder Uncle Clint sometimes threatened to shoot out their kneecaps.
"Yes sir!" Steve answered, shooting Bucky one final look before making a beeline for his aircraft. He climbed up the ladder, settling inside the cockpit as one of the groundsmen handed him his helmet, blue with a white star painted on each side.
"Mr Stark's current location is his laboratory, Captain," replied JARVIS. "Would you like me to contact him?"
But aside from that brief passing glance, Tony's entire focus was on his husband and son, sitting against the far wall surrounded by the rest of their family.
"Pete," he said, bracing himself as best as he could. "What did you find?"
"Hey, Steve," she said, patting him on the shoulder. She jerked her head towards Peter, her brow furrowing into a frown as she took him in. "How's my милая ошибка doing?"
Steve impatiently bounces his legs as he sits in the corner of the on-deck room, waiting for his race to be called.  It’s already been over twenty minutes since he completed his warm-up, and while he bundled himself up as soon as he got out of the pool and still feels relatively loose, he knows that the longer he waits, the better the chances that his shoulder will tighten up.
Tony looked up at him, his brown eyes filled with such torturous anguish that Steve nearly broke down completely. "Steve…
Instead, Steve discovered only a few months before that the enemy he had sacrificed his life to destroy had apparently been in hiding ever since the war, just waiting for the right time to rear its ugly head.
"Long as they have beer, I'm all for it," said Uncle Clint. He and Auntie Nat were sitting on one of the couches facing the huge viewscreen, cuddled up together with her legs over his lap.
"Whoa there, Стиви," Bucky said, catching Steve just before his legs gave way. He lowered Steve to the ground, crouching down in front of him. "It's okay. He's gone. Rumlow's gone now."
"I just like hearing you say it," Steve whispered. Then he carefully palmed Tony's ass cheeks and dipped his tongue inside.
Steve knew that the HYDRA agents were tampering with his memory—probably with the very same drug that Obadiah Stane had used on Peter in Afghanistan—which was why he couldn't remember how he managed to get so badly injured. He only knew that he had been forced to repeatedly fight against something strong, manoeuvrable, and metal, and more than once if his barely-healed crushed left foot was any indication, but other than that it was only a blur of swinging fists, landed blows, and a whole lot of noise.
"Shh, buddy, it's gonna be okay," Tony murmured as he carefully guided them over to the couch, whispering reassurances into Peter's curls while he cried himself out.
HYDRA had just succeeded in their biggest magic trick to date.
"There is an incoming call from Agent Romanoff, sir," he said. "Non-urgent."
"You don't have to tell me twice, sweetheart," said Steve. "I should be coming up on my reentry point in a few minutes."
"Yeah, okay, but I'm sure we're not going through all of this to get out there and then not have a way to get back," said Bucky. "So why don't we just get on with it, okay?"
"Copy that," Bucky said softly.
The only explanation Peter could come up with that made even a bit of sense was that it was all about control. First with Grandpa, because he'd obviously been onto something that would've changed the world for the better, and O'Brien couldn't allow that since it didn't fit in with his own plans. And then with Dad it'd been pretty much the same thing. Identify the really smart people who are otherwise unfit to serve in the military, and then force them to work for the military instead, threatening them with the lives of the people they love if they dare to set one single toe out of line.
"The hospital's already ready for him, Tony," Rhodey said as he came up next to him. He clapped a hand on Tony's shoulder, attempting a smile. "See? I told you not to give up."
"Steve, honey," Tony interrupted, as patiently as he could. "How many times do I have to tell you that none of that stuff is your fault? Now, c'mon, I thought we were getting past this?"
Steve's jaw twitched, his gaze dropping to his lap. "We were just discussing the mission, along with all of its ramifications," he said quietly. He brought his hand to the back of Tony's neck, digging his fingertips so deliciously into Tony's sore, tight muscles that Tony had to stifle a groan of pleasure. "I wanted to make sure that no one had any objections to what we're planning to do."
"Mmm…" Steve muttered, tossing Bucky a sharp look. He didn't especially enjoy being reminded of how scrawny he'd been as a kid, or of how many times Bucky had had to come to his aid on the school playground.
"Goddamnit," Tony muttered, groaning as the bar of soap he was attempting to use slipped from his hand and slid halfway across the ugly tiled floor of the shower stall.
Compartmentalising, just like he always did.
Peter shrugged. "You know that doesn't bother me, Dad." 'Cause it didn't. Papa was the one who was always super-hyper about swearing, not him.
"It's okay, Scott, I don't need you to tell me an exact time," Steve assured him. "Do you like peanut butter?"
“And Pete, and you, and everyone else who works for Stark Industries.”  Tony let out a sigh, his hands resting perfectly on Steve’s biceps.  “Yeah, this weekend’s gonna be good for all of us.”
"Yes, I know who you are, Mr Stark," she said. "I've known who you are for most of your life."
And three months ago, it would've worked.
"And Dr Erskine was able to overrule all four of the previous rejections?" asked Davis. "Just like that?"
“But you
"Steve's second one won't be for a little over seven hours," he said. "One satellite per orbit."
“Yeah,” agreed Steve.  “Just a bit.”
"You're dismissed for the moment, Scott," said Steve. "We usually all eat dinner together at 1900, so the rest of the day is yours."
Steve smiled, that soft,
Tony begged. "
"Steve, we're getting back into the what-if territory again," warned Sam. "Now correct me if I'm wrong, but usually people aren't allowed to take anything with them when they're let go from a company like this, right?"
"It was ten months ago," said Steve. He, of course, knew exactly how many days—even how many hours—it had been, but didn't feel that was a necessary addition to the conversation. "Almost exactly ten months."
"What the hell are those?" Bucky asked as the first of the war dogs smashed themselves against the force shield. To Steve's shock, more than a few of them managed to make it through before they were literally burned in half, shedding limbs as they kept on running until they dropped.
"Yeah, I know," Tony replied. "I would just have to make damn sure that I'm right about it, 'cause if I'm not we're gonna wind up with a fully functioning Winter Soldier on our hands, and one whose last programmed mission was to kill you."
"Yep. See ya."
"Well, I was just thinking, I know you're scared of the dark—"
Steve says aloud, squinting as he rereads the calendar, certain he’s seeing things.  Sure enough, that’s exactly what the appointment reminder states: a Mr Tony Stark wants to meet with Steve to ask if he’d be willing to coach his thirteen-year-old son in swimming.
"Yes, I understand," he repeated, as calmly as he was able. "Please, just hurry!"
"Better that than screams of horror, I suppose," said Rhodey.
"She… uh… my mom tried, I think," Tony said quietly. "But her life didn't end up going at all the way that she'd planned, and… I don't think she ever adapted very well to her new reality, ya know?"
"Yeah, well, this time I guess you can't," said Tony. "But I doubt that you'll notice any differences." And he wouldn't, Tony had made absolute sure of it. And on the very off chance that he did, it would be something like his foot not being as stiff and sore after walking on it all day long, which would only be a good thing.
"Okay, so," Tony started, clearing his throat. "Um… Mr Lord, could you guys come—"
"Try and have a good day, little guy, okay?" Papa said, kissing Peter on the top of his head. "I love you."
"At the risk of being a bit too sentimental for this crowd, or delaying the inevitable chow-down that I'm about to witness," Steve began. "I just wanted to let all of you know how grateful I am for each and every one of you. Our jobs are hard, and I know that I ask a lot of you every time we go out into the field. But I also know that there's no way this team would be the same without any of you. Thanks to your hard work and dedication, we are a well-oiled machine, ready to take on whatever the world throws at us next." He shot a quick glance at Tony, smiling at him over his coffee mug. "To the Avengers, our team. And, like the many enemies that we've vanquished, may we leave this dinner table crying for mercy by the time we're done here."
" Steve said as he patted Tony's side. "Roll over for me, okay?"
"Okay, but if that's the case, then why haven't they started attacking us yet? I mean, I know I'm no expert, but at the moment those satellites seem to be working just like you and your dad designed 'em to work, so unless I'm missing something—"
"I do imagine that he did not wish to disturb you or Mr Stark, Captain," JARVIS said. "Especially since this was not the first of such requests."
"I thought so," the girl continued. "He resembled you."
Tony exclaimed, nearly collapsing with relief when he saw Steve's X-302 emerge from behind a pocket of marshmallow-like clouds. "Honey, I can—I can see you. You're—you're almost here, and—"
"No, I really don't," said Steve. "It was only a dream."
And all the while, learning how to be spouses again. How to comfort each other, how to lean on each other, and how to back off when one of them needed some space for a little while.
"Steve?" Tony said, laced with concern as he hurried over to him. Quickly tapping Steve's compass, Tony reached for his face before Steve's helmet had fully retracted. "Honey, what is it? You look like you've seen a ghost!"
" He leaned back, cupping Tony's face in his hands. "But even so, after everything we've seen and been through over the years, can you honestly say that there's no possible chance you could make this work?"
"Hey, buddy!" Dad said before the doors had even fully opened, jumping up from the living room couch so fast there was no way he wasn't counting down the seconds. "How was the movie?"
Steve breathed out a huge sigh of relief.  “Well, I guess you can never be sure,” he said as he carefully slid the ring onto Tony’s left ring finger.  As soon as it was in place, Tony lifted his hand, showing it to Peter.
Besides, if there really were other people out there like him, then he owed it to them to try and help.
"Tony," Steve gasped, the name ripping from his throat like a jagged blade. His eyes went wide as he took in his husband's face, a bit more drawn and pale than his usual, but still
"Very good, sir."
"Copy that," Steve said softly. Glancing back at Tony, he held out his hand, squeezing it gently once Tony was at his side. "I'd like the three of us to be the first off the jet."
"It's all right, little guy," Steve said as he grabbed a handful of paper towels to help with the cleanup. It wasn't the first time that Peter's attempt at cracking an egg had gone badly wrong, and it likely wouldn't be the last.
"All right, here goes nothing," he murmured. "JARVIS, can you please activate the repulsors?"
"Oh, God!" Steve blurted out before she could finish. It was
"Isn't it already morning, technically?" Clint said, not even bothering to stifle a deep yawn. "Damn, why's this stuff always have to happen in the middle of the night?"
he got in response.  Ashes wasn't used to spending the evening all by herself.
Steve stepped back as the rest of the team filed into the room, with Natasha being the first to wrap Peter into a hug, followed quickly by Clint and Bruce.
But of course he did.  ‘Cause Obie was Obie, which meant he knew no shame when it came to getting Tony to do what he wanted.
of the ventilator the only sounds until Steve heard a rap on the door.
"I wish I could've met him," said Steve. "He sounds like he was pretty remarkable."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh Christ, Steve," Tony rushed out. "No way in hell."
Frowning, Peter pulled out his computers, setting them up in front of him with his tablet at the ready. No sense in wasting the opportunity to work on the files before the wee hours of the morning.
"C'mon, Pete, I'm really not in the mood for thi—"
He breaks off again, his lower lip trembling like it’s trying to escape from his face.  “Goddamnit, Steve, just give me a minute, yeah?”
"No," answered Dr Strange, bobbing his head from side to side. "Well, yes, actually. But like I said, it really doesn't matter now."
"Well, all TV shows aside, these numbers look good to me," Bruce said as he pocketed his glasses. He stepped around the hologram, tapping his chin. "So… then… does that mean we're actually ready to test this thing?"
“Hey, buddy,” he said as he ruffled Peter’s hair.  “Good day today?”
"All right, all right, all right." Steve huffed out a sharp breath. "Here I go."
“All right,” he murmured as he took three steps back, readying his shield.  Without taking his eyes off the tree, Steve then launched the shield directly at it, immediately diving to the side as a burst of flame suddenly shot out from the trunk, engulfing the entirety of the rock-filled path.
“Uh huh, I will,” replied Peter.  “Thank you.”
“No kidding,” Tony playfully grumbled.  “Maybe you can tell the kid to quit growing so damn fast, hmm?  ‘Cause he sure as hell won’t listen to me.”
"Yes," Steve moaned, tipping his head back as Tony’s lips trailed down his jaw to his neck. His eyes fluttered closed, the sensation like little spikes of electricity as Tony found that sweet spot that made Steve's knees buckle. Tony smirked against Steve's skin as he untied his tie and untucked his shirt from his waistband, both of them going to work on the buttons until he was able to shrug it off. As soon as it hit the floor Tony's hands slid underneath his tight undershirt, his blunt fingernails scraping gently up Steve's bare back as he drew the shirt up Steve's chest.
"Shall I ensure that the suit's weapons are in test-mode, sir?" JARVIS asked. "Or do you wish to give DUM-E a workout this morning."
Not when his son's life was hanging by a thread.
"Holy shit, that's exactly what you were doing, isn't it!" Clint responded. "And you say
"Not too much longer, sweetheart," he said. "I promise."
Tony's upper lip curled into a sneer. "Not unless you call drowning himself in whisky and mooching off my mom until she dropped of a heart attack ‘recovering’, then no, he didn't." He dropped his gaze to his plate, tearing off another piece of his roll. "Mom worked really hard to keep the roof over our heads once Howard got arrested, but we were still in so much debt when she died that I'll never be able to pay it all off. If it hadn't been for the government deciding that I was worthy enough to attend university, I'm sure we would've been out on the streets as soon as I turned seventeen. Mr Jarvis helped me when he could, but his military pension wasn't huge and I never felt comfortable accepting his credits."
“Mr Stark did not accept any calls from Mr Stane during this past weekend, Master Peter,” JARVIS stated.  “However—”
"No," Steve said, deliberately relaxing his shoulders and unclenching his fist. "No problem, sir."
"Um, I honestly don't know," Peter said. "But I'm guessing if he doesn't already, he'll learn to now."
And judging from the panicked look on Dad's face, he was thinking the exact same thing.
It also gave Steve something to do, Tony realised less than a second later. He'd learned pretty early on that Steve liked to be busy, or at least to have something to do with his hands. He was not one who enjoyed just sitting around doing nothing.
"No, Captain, that is absolutely
"Yeah, JARVIS, that's fine," Steve said. He groaned slightly as he sat back up, rubbing at his eyes as he heard the penthouse elevator activate and make its way down. Both Bucky and Sam lived only five floors down from the penthouse, their apartments directly across the hall from each other. Bruce's apartment was directly below Sam's, and featured a built-in Hulk-sized panic room in the very back that he and Tony had designed, very similar to the room where Bucky was kept during his first few months at the Tower following Project Insight, while Clint's and Natasha's apartments were located two floors down from Bucky's.
Dad came up to Papa then, slipping his hand into the crook of Papa's elbow. "C'mon, honey, you've been on your feet long enough."
They came within seconds of each other, their foreheads pressed together and panting shuddering breaths of air against each other's lips. As soon as Steve felt able to move again he pulled Tony down, ignoring the sticky mess on his belly as he tucked his beloved fella's head underneath his chin, careful to avoid pressing on the deep bruises littering the width of his upper back. The hot, throbbing aches in his foot and side were now gone, replaced by a wonderful warm, buzzing feeling.
